“Hey, Steve’s… friend.” He says lamely, hoping the store will suddenly be attacked by space creatures and he’ll be able to make his escape.
“1.) That says Tony Stark, and 2.) I will let him know you thought his last name was Stank.” She says, letting out a small chuckle.
“It’s adorable your friend still reads the paper.” He says, laughing as he finishes up his work on the other man’s computer.
“Tony.” The other man says warmly.
“I said what I said Zemo, we hardly need a round two of your audition. Now, as you know, West Side Story, is a classic. A musical that has lasted the generations, spoken to the masses. That we are going to be groundbreaking in giving a new twist. Instead of Tony and Maria, it will be featuring Tony and Marco.” She said triumphantly, clasping her hands together in joy.
“Shit- Sorry- it’s just morning wood- I’m so sorry-” He rambles as he tries to jerk away from the other man, and put some space between Tony’s ass and his crotch, but Tony still has him securely in his grasp.
“Cyclamen? An entire bouquet of cyclamen?” He asks in bewilderment, coming out from the back room.
“It was a mutual decision.” He swears, grabbing the bread and throwing it back.
“Oh, it’s a wonderful holiday if you’re in love. But if you’re busy moping in your lab and trying to ignore the onslaught of hearts everyone, it’s not great.” Tony says, using the torch a touch more forcefully than needed.
“He is, he challenged me to a drink off and it all went downhill from there.” Natasha says with a smirk, looking alarmingly sober.
“Not to be judgey but this guy dresses like the last care he has is money.” She states.
“You don’t know half a rat’s shit about my past, so stop right there,” Tony snarls, then stops, closes his eyes, takes a breath. “Steve. No harm, no foul, okay? Just…get some rest, and I’ll have Maria work something out with SHIELD. Phil may cry. It’ll be beautiful.”
“The Hulk’s coming,” Tony tells him sweetly, enjoying the flicker of uncertainty that appears on Loki’s face at the mention of him. “Just you wait.”
Rhodey snorts. “You’re a cruel, cruel man.”
“I am not planning a party,” she says, trying for firm. “Tony.”
Loki’s voice says, in his skull,
“Sure,” Tony says, skimming his nails down the thin skin on the inside of Steve’s arms. “But you like this, too. Me being in charge. Calling you pet names. Don’t you, gorgeous?”
“And I have not.” Loki sways, his eyes fluttering slightly. From pain or fatigue, Steve doesn’t know. Thor takes his elbow in one huge, bloody hand.
Tony quirks a grim smile at him, clapping him on the shoulder as a ruse to lean in and whisper a file number in his ear, a.k.a. the project folder for Tony’s magical defence research. He flicks his eyes over to Loki and Thor, arguing in hushed tones and a language Tony absolutely does not know, before briefly touching his temple to Bruce’s.
Steve smiles. He tilts his head, presses his mouth against the seam of Tony’s shirt for a moment. He savours the feeling of the fabric under the thin skin of his lips, against his cheek. He feels Tony breathe against him.
“I know it’s crazy,” Tony growls, frustrated. He turns off the shower abruptly, and Steve turns away before Tony can step out and. Well.
God, the thought of Tony breeding him was enough to make him stifle a small sound. He closed his eyes and tried to pay attention to the conversation, but when he came back to himself he could see Tony’s eyes on him, pupils black with wanting.
“That’s enough talking for now, I’m pretty sure Natasha is recording all this.” He says, blushing desperately as he begins to carry Tony to his room.
“I get it, ordering black roses, maybe not the most usual order. But these are for a terrible ex-fling who outed me, I wanted to let them know that they were dead to me. In a classy way of course.” He says with a smirk.
“Yep. That’s what he said.” She says with a smirk, clearly loving this whole situation.
“Yeah… Something has to be wrong with me man.” He admits, hoping Sam doesn’t think less of him.
“Does it really matter?” She asks, as though she’s oblivious to the weirdness.
He didn’t think he slept more than ten minutes the entire night. Every time he was close to falling asleep, his brain would begin replaying every possible scenario of the following morning.
He had also been more than happy to sing along the male vocal parts since he was old enough to, but only in the secrecy of their apartment. He had been bullied a bit for being feminine looking when he was younger (which admittedly had stopped when he grew six inches and 50 pounds), but still didn’t feel like putting himself out there again.
“Oh really?” He asks, leaning closer across the counter.
“Oh my gosh, I didn’t think I could make it more obvious!” Tony says, his grin just as wide.
“I… you know how Tony has been seeing that guy?” He begins, feeling his palms start to sweat. He knows he needs to talk about this with someone, but that doesn’t make it any easier.
“Oh, do you model as well?” The other man asks.
“I did. And I’d like to do it again.” He says, feeling Tony press his body against his.
“I don’t know, I guess I just never realized it!” He says, feeling as confused as Sam looks. He honestly had never felt like this before and it made him feel gross he could have these thoughts.
“Or maybe, the person ordering them isn’t the world’s biggest flower nerd and doesn’t care about the meanings, and just likes pretty things.” She says with a delicate eye roll.
“And you think I’m attractive?” Tony asks softly.
He slowly watched the men audition, some doing better than he expected and some worse. He was pretty sure Rhodey was going to be cast, he seemed to be the only one able to stay on the difficult rhythm of the song and able to add some moves to it.
“He is hot I’ll give you that.” Bucky says with an exaggerated eyebrow wiggle.
“We’ll see.”
“Or when someone goes into what is clearly a murder bunker?” Tony teases back, stealing a piece of bread off his plate.
“Should I tell him?” He asks, wondering how in a two minute conversation he went from thinking he was homophobic to wanting to declare his love for another man.
“Sooooo put it in the pile with the rest of them. Like we do with every single order.” He says slowly, as though they hadn’t done this every day for the past six months.
Aconite, buttercups, butterfly weed, and yellow carnations?
He takes the quickest shower of his life and heads to the kitchen. He sees Clint and Natasha speaking quietly to each other over fruit loops, while Bruce is busy making a cup of tea in the corner. Tony is missing, but that’s hardly surprising considering its 9 am.
“Can I stop you?” He asks with a laugh, wondering how he ended up with her as a receptionist.
“Tell me that again.” Tony says, his face moving in closer to the other man.
“Still sucks.” Tony says, his voice tight.
“What?! No I don’t!” He sputters out, wondering what could possibly be going on in Sam’s mind.
“What? Since when?” Sam asks, looking even more perplexed than he did a moment ago.
“Tony, you cannot be serious.” He says with a groan.
He once again feel his heart flutter a bit and wishes he could turn off his feelings. Not feel like every time he sees Tony, it makes his stomach tighten and his palms sweat. Not feel like he needs to be close to the other man anytime he sees him. Not like he’s so close to what he wants and knowing he will never be able to have it.
Immediately, everyone turns and spots Tony, looking hungover and half asleep still.
“Hyacinthe, your loveliness charms me.” He says, giving the flower to the other man.
“So… what’s it like working together?” Kurt asks stiffly as he takes another sip of his drink.
“Alright, I’m out of here, you can thank me later you blind buffoons, how did any of you survive without me-“ Sam hollers as he leaves the kitchen.
“Of course. That is… probably more polite than what I would have done.” He admits, remembering how he’d dealt with similar issues in the past.
“Towowowo.”
Tony wheels back over to the helmet. “This is trashed, J. It’s not just the shell; the wiring is fried to shit. The display’s riddled with dead pixels.” He taps his fingers against his chin, thinking. “Can we retrofit fit the helmet from the Mark 49?”
“Omega?”
“When we find Tony,” he said, firm on the ‘when,’ “I can’t see him.”
, Tony please,” he’s chanting, over and over. His eyes are squeezed shut, the muscles in his arms straining. “
“I know what I went through,” Tony snapped, his blood rising, and the scent of his alpha angry at him sent him straight into a panic.
“I’m not perfect,” Steve interjects, but Tony ignores him.
“Morning,” he says, stepping into the kitchen. He pours himself a cup of coffee, ignores the sensation of eyes on the back of his neck. Bruce made lunch, it looks like—some kind of curry.
“Will I have to drive to Westchester for sessions?”
Tony squints at him. Steve smiles beatifically.
“It’s the truth, Ross. If the American government tries to hobble Captain America, he’ll leave, and that’ll be a damn shame for everybody, because nobody loves this country better than him.” Coulson is smiling, just the barest twinkle in his eye. Tony spares him a smirk.
“Ask me
"Mr. Odinson the younger again, sir?"
“Riri,” Natasha called, and Steve startled. He hadn’t even heard her approach. “Is there a reason you can’t come out and join us, even if Tony can’t? Are you boxed in?”
“I didn’t tell you,” he allows. “It’s an exploitable weakness.”
“Great.” Tony does a quick scan of the room, but turns up nothing. No heat signatures, no radiation, nothing aside from the cot in the middle of the room. “Any word on Melter?”
, Tony thinks, considering. He isn’t sure what the Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell situation is in Nigeria, but he hopes none of these women get fired for reacting to a lady sorcerer’s sex magic. In another, Barnes destroys an entire platoon of soldiers, just a complete mindless massacre. Tony closes that one before he can watch yet another neck get snapped with ruthless efficiency, as well as Moonstone’s. He’s pretty sure that she just broke one agent’s spine in that last shot, and that’s not something he needs to see right now. Once he sees Executioner get a hold of his axe again, he shuts the whole thing down. He saw what that thing did to Rhodey’s guns, as well as his forcefield. He doesn’t need to see what it will do to a human combatant.
“That’s not what I mean,” Tony says. He huffs a half-laugh. “I’m sorry.”
, and one of the best friends he’s ever made is going to leave him when they’ve just gotten to know each other. He’s fucking angry.
Franklin considers this. He squints at Steve. “Daddy can’t see you, can he?” he asks.
“I can’t hear you,” Tony gasps, and Steve leans down and presses their foreheads together. “Your chest-”
“Yeah, well,” Sam says, smirking a little. “That I knew already.”
Steve had honestly always thought those were just to make it look nice. “Wow.”
“Curse first,” Stephen says firmly, and Tony whirls on him, furious and frightened.
“Perhaps Mr. Odinson will have some advice for you on how to cure the spell, or someone else you might consult,” JARVIS says stubbornly. “I understand your hesitance to speak to someone you are not allied with, but this has gone on for weeks now, sir. It is affecting your relationship with Captain Rogers and the rest of the team, as well as your overall health. Your attempts to avoid him by virtue of being too busy to spend time together is forcing you to overwork yourself. You are exhibiting signs of stress and exhaustion.”
. “And have you ever known me to play fair? Why would that be any impetus for a God of Lies?”
Natasha shrugs, leaning back in her seat. “Well. Catch up on some reading tonight, and you’ll find your answer, won’t you?”
– Richard Siken, “Litany in Which Certain Things Are Crossed Out"
“What’s wrong?” Steve asks, because he is a sweetheart who doesn’t deserve this level of insanity.
“For now,” Bruce countered, but he settled under Steve’s palm. He turned to glance at Steve out of the corner of his eye. “Wanna find some tiny plates of even tinier food with me?”
Steve took a breath, closing his eyes.
“I’ll finish up here with SHIELD, help clear the last of the stragglers out,” Steve said, but Natasha was already shaking her head.
Steve can feel his vision swimming up before him, nausea roiling in his stomach, and he turns and walks out into the gallery and heads for the bathrooms by the kitchen, steps more from memory than anything else as he tries to hold himself together. He barely makes it to a toilet, bracing a hand on the wall and retching nothing but water and bile into the clean white porcelain. The acid tears at his throat as he coughs, and he tries not to flinch at the sound of steadily approaching heels, dabbing at his mouth with toilet paper and splashing his face in the sink.
“You tried to avoid me, after you realised how badly things could go wrong,” Steve says, which is technically true, but. “I was the one who kept pushing. I should have respected your space.”
“Yeah, and they got paid to nap for five hours while we fought Morgan Le Fay. Do you know what hazard pay for almost five thousand employees costs me?”
“Knot me,” Steve murmured, turning to press his jaw into Tony’s temple. “Kiss me. Claim me, alpha.”
“Yes,” Natasha agrees. Her eyes focus on Tony’s, sharpening. “I broke my programming. I thought, maybe, if I talked to him…”
“Tony-!”
“No, I mean we,” Tony sighs. He gestures with his sandwich. “If we’re doing the talking about it like adults thing now, we both know you know about Loki. So.” He clears his throat. “There’s that. And we have the team to think about, and whatever the hell has been going on to cause all this fucking trouble for us, and the fallout from the mission-”
, Steve thought, with childbirth and all. At the time, Erskine had been working on a hunch. If the Red Skull had come about because of an alpha’s innate drive for power, then maybe the protection instincts of an omega were what was necessary to make the perfect solider. Steve jumping on that grenade had only strengthened his theory. Steve didn’t really know what it meant that an alpha had turned evil, and a beta split into two Jekyll-and-Hyde halves: uber-alpha, and meek beta scientist. He knew there’d been a hundred psychology papers written about all that, but he wasn’t interested in reading those things to see people tear Bruce apart for not being enough, or trying to play God, or lacking something that Steve supposedly had inside of him.
“Can we get a photo?” one of them asks, and Tony exchanges a glance with Rhodey, whose eyes are big and pleading. Tony rolls his eyes and waves a hand at him. He steps into the suit, and sighs with relief when the familiar metal closes around his body.
“Captain Rogers.”
“Take as long as you need. The door will lock behind you on your way out.”
“I’ll be back,” Steve promised, pressing the hoodie to his face. Then he opened the doors and stepped through.
“This is a bad idea,” he says, but he can’t quite manage to sound sincere about it. He’s been outvoted, outmanoeuvred, outplayed. Still, he can’t help thinking that
“Well,” Tony hedges, putting a dollop of toothpaste on the mangled white bristles. “Thor made it seem like she was just power hungry. Or maybe a groupie. Do you have groupies in Asgard?”
“Give my best to the girls.”
It had taken him a long time to understand the modern approach to psychotherapy. When he was a kid, he’d been thought to be “nervous”. A side effect of the times, he knows now; he’d been sick, and so it must have been partially the fault of a weak mind. It had taken a thorough reading of the SHIELD manual and a lot of questions for the SHIELD-appointed doctor to really understand the new world’s view of “mental illness”. He’d learned a lot of things, actually, like the fact that asthma cigarettes are an oxymoron. In retrospect, it all makes perfect sense, and objectively, he knows that it can only be good to treat people if they can get better.
, okay? You could have gone in and killed yourself. Is that what you really wanted, Tony? I had JARVIS run the numbers, there was a 69% chance of serious injury-”
“Steve,” Tony murmurs. He curls back into the lee of Steve’s body. He presses their foreheads together, their noses. He presses a gentle kiss to Steve’s frowning mouth. “Don’t obsess. I’m sorry I brought it up.”
“Go,” he commands, and Steve laughs. “I will end you. I will destroy your credit score. I will program the world so that every speaker-equipped device you pass blares the “Star Spangled Man” on repeat. Loudly.”
“Fuck,” Tony blurts, pulling back a bit. Steve can’t bear to turn around.
For a long time, they sit in silence, looking out over the city. The last of the sunset is fading now, red bleeding into purple, purple bleeding into grey. Slowly, Tony sips his tea, until the shaking subsides. Slowly, the tension bleeds out of him, streaming away in every direction into the dark night.
“Barbaric?” Steve had asked, and Bruce winced. He rocked a hand back and forth. “Can I ask…”
“Not quite,” Tony says, “but I’m neutral ground, so to speak.”
Tony blinks at him. “Uh.”
“Define recently,” Loki says loftily. “You’re welcome, by the way.”
“Yes, Captain?”
that’s actually completely written! No slow update schedule for you to worry about here :D If you're sick of all the angst in this fic and want some sweet schmoopy early-comics-esque Steve/Tony, it shall provide.
“You, going to a meeting voluntarily?” JARVIS asks him as the elevator doors close. “Wonders never cease, sir.”
Loki hums, considering. “What would it mean if you didn’t have to worry about Gyrich?”
Tony’s genuinely astonished when Steve shows up in the workshop a few hours after he’d rabbited.
“Okay, first off, what infractions?” Tony replies, spreading his hands. “Property damage? Because the Maria Stark Foundation covers all that and some. All Avengers merchandising goes to charity. All 501c3 financials are public record, and you all know ours has been picked through with a fine-toothed comb by every investigative journalist, blogger, and charity watch org from here to Sydney. Meanwhile, last I checked, we’ve saved millions of lives worldwide, sometimes in a day. Hell, half of
“Thank you, JARVIS,” he says again.
Steve’s fingers tighten gently on Tony’s wrist, and Tony turns his attention back to him. “Can you come out from there?”
you, please Tony, Tony please-”
“Has Steve checked up on Barnes at all?”
“Can I talk to you for a second?” Steve says, and then he’s taking Tony by the elbow and dragging him off, and that’s just-
Tony doesn’t wait for an answer, just slips silently out the door. He can hear Rhodey shadowing him, and he pauses in the hallway while Rhodey shuts the door on the hubbub. He heads down the hallway at a clip, putting a hand to his earpiece.
“Step out of the elevator, Captain Rogers,” Pepper says, voice sharper than carbon steel. Steve glances at Tony, then does as requested.
brain was already half scrambled before you, what, became one with the suit? We’ve got bets running, so you gotta tell me before I fillet you. How’d you do it? Did you manage to get your hands on a bit of the Bleeding Edge armour? Try to reverse engineer it?” He turns his head ever so slightly, eyes flashing in triumph. “What was the other theory, partner?”
Tony swallows as a wave of indescribable emotion rises up, smothers him under the undeniable knowledge of how much this impossible man loves him. “Yeah. Okay.”
“Good luck, Captain.”
Steve trails behind, reluctant to leave Tony alone despite his earlier warning. He feels hollowed out, like last night had carved him open and left his skin on wrong. He wishes, desperately, that Tony would let him touch him. That he could talk to him. He wants to talk about what happened. He wants to ask Tony if that was only because he was intoxicated, or if all this time, he could have reached out and touched-
He’s gone before Steve can say more.
"Do I?" Tony asks. "Sorry, Saruman, but I don't trust you at all, pretty as you might be batting your eyelashes at me. I'm too old to fall for the honey trap, honey, you got me?"
“Why don’t you answer my question?”
Morse?”
Steve hadn’t been awake for most of it. He’d watched Tony hash it out, over and over again. Tony had told the story until his throat was sore, until his lips were chapped, but eventually he’d reached acceptance. Which is why he’s here, in the workshop, asleep at a worktop. There’s still a smudge of Steve’s blood on him, behind his right ear. Steve has the strangest sensation, looking at it: like he’s glad, that there’s something left of him on Tony. He feels like once it’s gone, that’s it. It’ll be the nail in his coffin, so to speak.
Touch. Tap. Touch.
“1954?” Tony asks, eyes narrowing. Natasha smiles at him, but otherwise says nothing. “Uh huh. You
“And knowing what drink to order is more impressive than overtaking a Hydra base,” Steve had deadpanned. But of course, as was often the case with the Starks, Howard had been right.
“I don’t know-” Steve tries, because he’s not sure if that kind of thing’s appropriate to say these days. As for the drink, he knows a losing battle when he sees one. He is Captain America, after all.
For a moment, he just closes his eyes and breathes.
“The bits of it you like enough to keep,” Steve says, wryly. “So you don’t think it would be good for me, either?”
Tony slumped, his full weight pressing Steve’s hips into the counter in a way that made him whine. “Oh, baby, that’s just not fair,” Tony groaned.
Natasha nods.
“I’m going to tell you that you ought to sleep, and you’re going to ignore me,” JARVIS predicts, good-naturedly enough.
“What do you take me for,” Natasha says, scowling in mock offence. He can barely see her face in the soft light through the windows, but he knows her enough by now. Tony grins at her and takes a tiny sip. “You’re compromised.”
He thinks, briefly, of the argument that he and Cap would likely be having if it were someone else who had been taken. He thinks of the way that Cap bites his lip when he erases something he doesn’t like, the mountainous planes of him hunched over acid free paper. He thinks of the way he gestures in battle, direct and two fingered, body strung with potential energy where Tony is kinetic, chaotic, tumbling. Rivers carve mountains, Tony knows. They cut into them, form valleys and cliffs.
“First try.”
There were a lot of differences in the modern world, the most common being that a lot more people wore scent-blockers of some kind. An unbonded alpha or omega’s pheromones could betray them at the worst times, if they were interested in someone, or angry, or happy about something. In a world where corporate espionage and spy-craft were a part of their daily lives, it was something that most of The Avengers used. But after a strenuous workout, well, all bets were off.
“I’ll see what I can do,” he says with a humouring expression. Tony catches sight of Pepper slicing a hand across her throat in the corner of his eye, and is inordinately pleased when Dr. Chandrakar ignores her. “I can understand an urge to do violence after violence has been done. Best to get it out in a controlled setting, yes?”
He closes his eyes and lets the memory of metal under his fingertips, strong and slab-cut like human muscle, linger like chocolate on the tongue. He imagines Tony under his hands in the armour, the plates opening up like a flower. Skin. Warm, olive skin.
“That’s it, sweetheart, come on,” Tony rumbled, shifting his attention to the other side of Steve’s chest, and he didn’t know what to do with his hands, his body. He felt like he was floating, like he was on the edge of a cliff, waiting for a coaster to crest a hill. “I want you to come again. I know you can do it, omega. You want to be good for your alpha, don’t you? Tell me.”
Loki stares at the tray, expression perturbed. “It is uncooked?”
“I’m sure I could turn you back,” Minoru tries again.
Loki’s expression darkens, and Tony takes his temporary distraction as an opportunity to squirm out of Loki’s grasp, flipping them over and pinning Loki to the bed. Loki glares up at him, but Tony can see amusement lurking behind his ire.
“The SUVs have escaped my surveillance.”
Ten minutes more and he hums a few old folk songs. An old drinking song. A trench song. Idly, he wishes Tony had told Maria to set him up with some Midnight Racer instead.
Tony snags a pair of homing cuffs from the end table by the couch and steps out onto the balcony. Broken tiles cut into the leathery skin on the bottom of his feet, but he doesn’t give a shit about that. He just needs to get out of here.
“Whatever you want,” Tony said, and he was practically bouncing on the balls of his feet, now. “Are you good, if I go now?”
Steve nodded, thankful that JARVIS had thought to answer his unspoken question. The AI was unreasonably good at that, but Steve supposed he’d been built to anticipate the needs of those in his care. “That’s…really good to hear, JARVIS. Thank you.” He smiled, reaching out to stop the microwave right before it beeped and pulling the container out. He fished a spoon out of the open dishwasher and dug in. “I liked her a lot.”
“You got any experience with ghosts?”
Carol opens the door, slides in. She looks at Tony for a long time.
“Don’t you quote Sherlock at me, Cabe,” he shouts, waving his glass cutter again.
“He can barely handle the tower where he has his own space, let alone the Malibu house. Besides, we need you as a buffer and you hate airplanes.”
Bruce chuckles. “Sight Bonding Steve isn’t history-making enough for you?”
Seeing Tony had helped, some, but his whole body still ached. It felt like what he remembered the flu had been like, pain seeping into every crevice of his body, tainting his every movement. He wanted Tony to have him, yes, but mostly he wanted to touch him. He wanted him in his hands, not for sex, but for the sheer desperation of holding him in his arms and feeling him close. Safe.
. Steve swallows, a complicated swirl of emotions moving through his stomach.
“Hey! This is totally a Harry Potter moment,” Tony said, holding his hands up. “I did not put my name into the Goblet of Fire. On my honour.”
“I feel I should inform you both that Agent Barton and Agent Romanov are together at present. They are watching Burn Notice and shouting invectives at the television in response to what they deem to be egregious inaccuracies.”
“Stealth mode engaged, sir.”
“That, Captain, is precisely why Tony and I broke up.” She swallows, one corner of her mouth kicking up, but there’s no mirth in it. It’s an empty, aching thing, and the eyes she sets on Steve are both wet with tears and freezing cold. “And it’s why I have never trusted you. Howard made Tony feel small every day of his life, and used you to do it. And now here you come, alive, and all you do is ask Tony to be better by
“Stephen, that
Tony nods, rubbing a hand over his face. “Huh. Weird. Okay.”
“You know what I’m saying,” Tony says. For once in their whole miserable relationship, he’s sure it’s true. “This isn’t working, Steve. We did our best, and we couldn’t make it work.”
Tony tilts his head to look at her over his sunglasses. "It was just the minions. What kind of superhero would I be if I couldn't take out minions with minimal damage?"
“If you wish to make your soulmate happy, you must remember your First Corinthians. Love is patient. Love is kind. It does not envy. It does not boast. It is not proud. It does not dishonour others. It is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered. It keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. Love never fails.
him, but shouting at him mentally and verbally while he’d been on Tony’s screen hadn’t had any effect. He’d thought about trying to walk up to Xavier’s place, but quickly dismissed the idea after his the last time getting snapped back to Tony’s side like a rubber band. It was such a deeply unpleasant experience, and Steve isn’t really interested in trying it again soon. Maybe when he feels less like he’s going to throw up.
– May Swenson, "Question"
“Tony says that’s what I get for picking a weird arthouse film.” He reaches out a hand to ruffle through Tony’s hair, his heart stuttering a little even as Tony rolls his eyes at him. “He didn’t think to warn me.”
"I yelled at him," Tony admits.
“Yeah,” Steve says. He bites his lip, glancing up at Tony from beneath his eyelashes, and oh, what a bastard. “Tony, I want you inside of me. I want you to claim me, to mark me up as much as you can, come on-”
Tony was thankful for his own foresight, because the blizzard was in full swing when he stepped out of the rental stable. He couldn’t see an inch in front of his face, his wet eyelashes clumping with ice and making each blink a struggle for sight. He caught his hip on the hitch post before he saw it, and he nearly ran straight into the jailhouse wall before he found the door.
Chapter title is Christina Rossetti's
“It’d be yours, so it’s up to you,” Tony says. “It makes sense.”
Tony doesn’t answer. He’s kneeling on the floor, and bent backwards like he’s doing the limbo, his head between the Iron-Man armour’s thighs. It’s a shockingly suggestive vision after he’s spent the better part of the morning desperately trying not to look at Tony, and Steve bites down hard on his lip and curls his hands into fists over his knees.
“Already did,” Jim counters. “It’s called alcoholism.”
Title/chapter headings are from one of my favourite
“You harmed him!” Tony says, pointing. “J, tell me we got data on that. How are you talking? You don’t have the right kind of mouth-”
“Okay,” he says. His gaze flickers briefly to Tony’s face, then away, as though he can’t even bear to look at him.
“Clench up tight,” Tony tells him. He forgot he was still holding the phone, and he almost drops it into the tub as Steve does as he’s told. He tosses it onto Steve’s uniform pants and then uses his free hand to get a grip on Steve’s hair, pulling his head back onto Tony’s and baring his throat. He’s a long line of submission from cock to chin, overlapping bruises in perfect circles visible on the bits of thigh that peek out between Tony’s tentacles. His abs are straining, and he’s gasping for it, begging-
Sit. Feast on your life.
“I told you,” Tony says, and the figure raises a long object with one arm, cylindrical. Steve sees the flash. “You’ll see-”
Steve laughs, shakes his head, looks up at the sun. He thinks of Icarus, and wonders who’s the sun and who’s the fool.
“Hullo,” he says shyly. “Aren’t you dead?”
“The improbable, sir.”
There was a long pause. “I may have implied that you were not entirely acting of your own free will since your fight with Morgan Le Fay.”
“Barnes was working with Amora. He nearly killed Rhodey. He was in the compound with you when we rescued you. You
“I’m getting dressed,” Steve says, muffled, and Tony pouts.
“Turn over,” Tony demanded, pulling back and hooking a hand around Steve’s thigh to flip him when he didn’t move fast enough for his liking. Steve was dizzy with arousal, fugue, and bond-sickness. He felt like his whole body was made of taffy, like he was melting under Tony’s touch.
,” he groans, more whine than word, and when he looks down Loki’s eyes are glittering bright with wetness. He looks frantic, his moans becoming more and more wanting, and Tony tangles his right hand into Loki’s hair and pulls, using it to direct him, to move him roughly in accordance with his hips. The noise that Loki looses is
About it later." That's what you said.
Tony turns and angles his unibeam to Loki’s right, flashing right past him and hitting Rhodey’s matching force right in front of The Executioner. He closes his eyes.
“I’m sorry,” he says, and Steve huffs. His face softens. “There we go. Tell me about your book.”
“And we watched the movie,” Tony agrees, grinning. “Hey, if Loki’s the Cheshire Cat, who’s Thor?”
“I don’t think anyone else would see it that way,” Happy says. “Especially not the Captain.”
"So we could get hurt, in whatever plot you're hatching."
“It would help if you finished a sentence,” Tony says gently, and Steve barks out a pained laugh.
“I can’t,” Tony whispers.
“Good boy.”
“I have a meeting in fucking Boston.”
“I should be there,” Steve snapped, mostly angry at himself. “I’ll bet good money they’re ditching the cars. Maybe heading down in the tunnels. Check to see what the subway’s like over there. Maintenance hatches, something.”
Steve takes the elevator straight to the workshop level after his run. He isn't above a little flirtation, after all, and he knows how to play to his strengths. When he punches his code in, Tony is bent over something hulking and grease-stained, piping and plating bathed in that familiar pale blue light. JARVIS keys down the music to protect Steve's more sensitive ears, and Steve walks to the other side of the workbench and crosses his arms, waiting for Tony to look up at him. The way Tony's eyes drag over the lines of his chest, lingering on his arms, the sweat dripping from his forehead and down his nose is satisfying, if not frustrating. Steve offers him a knowing smile.
Pepper thanks the chef in Japanese as she closes her purse, then takes a last sip of water. "If Loki is wandering around, I'm probably going to stay at the mansion."
The common space is empty when Steve finally has the courage to face the rest of the team. He wasn’t sure what he was expecting, exactly. The team weren’t necessarily ones for happy reunions, but usually there was usually a big dinner after a mission. It was nice to have your comrades around after a brush with death. Sometimes soldiers needed to be reminded that they were still alive and breathing, still here together, still solid.
“But not him,” he says. He’s crying like a child, now, saying it over and over: “I can’t, I can’t, I can’t.”
. Full on, bright magenta, all the way up to his ears. “Wow.”
“Of whatever this thing you’re doing with Loki is,” Bruce clarifies, fixing him with a knowing look. Tony must look guilty, because Bruce furrows his brows. “Oh. He has something to be jealous of.”
“If it was just money, I’d bet.”
“Don’t make it weird, Cage.”
Steve’d read the files. He knew that Natasha’s bonding gland had been rendered unusable by the Red Room, although he wasn’t sure exactly how that was possible. The idea of someone violating another human’s body that way made his blood curdle every time he thought about it. It made her scent much fainter than that of any other alpha, and it disappeared to nothing when she was on suppressants, which was almost always. Her lack of scent was probably a lot of why she hadn’t set Steve off entirely.
“They’re routing all the power in the lower levels to the machines. For what purpose, I cannot ascertain of yet.”
to avoid the madness of midtown, then pulls onto the FDR. All the while, Steve stares out the window, watching the city slip by. The Upper East Side is one of those neighbourhoods that still looks the same in a lot of places; the old buildings and the women in bright floppy hats, men in suits and little delis on the corner. The rich live the same as they ever has, he supposes. It’s the rest of the world that has to change.
The balcony overlooked the mountains, and Steve had to admit; it was quite a sight. They were wreathed in fog so thick he could barely see the bases of them, just the ragged peaks floating in the firmament, surrounded by a gleaming blaze of stars. Thor pulled two cigarettes out of a pack covered in the bubbly Georgian font and a box of matches, cupping a hand against the cold wind and lighting his own, then holding the match out for Steve to take part of the flame. He poured them both a generous helping of wine.
“Should we leave?” Natasha deadpans, and Steve closes his eyes. He can feel his face heating.
“Do we know where they’re going?” Steve asked, getting up. His entire body flushed as he felt the plug shift in him. He’d forgotten all about that. “Fuck. I need to shower.”
The silence that stretches between them is interminable. Tony breathes shallow and slow, desperately controlled. Steve himself is shaking in place, his fingers clearly fighting fists, and he’s blocking the exit to the bar. Tony’s trapped, and he can’t get out, and Steve has already hit him once and he isn’t wearing his cuffs and he’s compromised. Amora has clearly compromised him. God, is he even Steve? Loki can turn into other people, who knew if this was even Steve-
“Steve,” Tony says, and for a moment, everything is crystal clear. Steve’s eyelashes are wet, dark gleaming bronze around the azure of his irises. He looks hopeful, all-Americana sweet and beautiful in Tony’s arms. He looks like everything Tony’s ever wanted for years. “I could never be done with you.”
“I have to do this!” Tony snaps, slapping his hand against the door. It knocks fully closed again with a heavy thump. The room begins to shrink in on him, blackness building as his breath picks up, and he sways with it, trying to hold it together. “He’s gone, and I’m in charge, and I have to be enough. I have to get him back. It would ruin me. He could ruin me.”
Tony pauses, wiping a hand over his brow, then freezes when he catches sight of Steve staring at him through the glass. Their eyes hold for a long moment, Steve’s heart clambering into his throat, before Tony quirks an eyebrow and glances down at the sandwich and back at him.
“Yes,” Tony said simply, and Steve lifted him up above his head by the waist and watched him laugh and thought,
“We’re-”
“That must have been hell on Tony.”
Tony tilts his head, considering, and studies Steve’s face, the jut of his chin halfway between embarrassment and determination. Steve submits to his examination, expression entirely too placid: butter wouldn't melt in his mouth, no sir.
“I believe Sir left an old sweatshirt in the workshop as well. I will have DUM-E find it and lay it out for you.”
“I didn’t know that this was what my research was being used for,” Selvig grouses, rubbing at his mouth.
Loki’s voice says, inside his brain, what the actual fuck,
The noise that Steve looses is nothing less than a whimper, and Tony grins, slow and wicked.
“Okay,” Tony says, rolling his sleeves up. He leans down to untie his shoes. “You said please, which is. New. So I’m gonna try not to go all Mel Gibson on you, but you had to know this was going to be a touchy subject, which is I suspect why you’re avoiding eye contact to read…” He pauses, leaning over to glance at the thick and rather moribund book in Loki’s lap. “Is that my old quantum mechanics textbook? Where the hell did you even find that?
He has no idea why bucky tries to deny his crush on the other man, it’s almost as dumb as Sam denying his own feelings.
“Well you could have asked me out.” He says with a smirk, pulling the other man closer.
“I nearly regret casting you, my dear boy, but sadly you’re the only one who could come close to matching pitch during “Tonight”.” She said with a dramatic sigh, as though no one could understand the plight of a high school drama teacher.
“Why don’t you give us a moment? Actor to actor?” He asks with meaningful look, which she nods to in agreement before heading out.
“I mean, I almost feel bad making this.” He says, shaking his head slightly. If someone knew what these flowers meant, they would probably rethink this bouquet.
“I…. What?” He asks, feeling his brain go offline at the words Tony is saying.
“Mmm I knew my charm would win you over eventually.” Tony says, leaning in closer than before.
Oooh so this was the mystery customer with terrible taste. Which was incredibly surprising considering how everything else about him was immaculate.
Tony removes his hand as he laughs, “Does that mean you’ll do it?”
“I’m so happy you remember that.” He says with a chuckle, heading to the cupboard to look for pop-tarts.
“Besides, you love when it’s just you and Sam playing one on one because then you can guard him closely the whole time.” He says with a smirk, knowing it’s going to illicit an offended look from the other man.
“You’re right, we might be different sizes. You look hot though.” Tony says with an amused smirk.
“Yeah and it seemed like he was going to ask me out until someone busted in here.” He says, adding an eye roll for good measure.
“Ahh fuck, I’m sorry about that. I may still be a little drunk and honestly I’ve tried to not make things weird and keep it in, but fuck it. I like you. I like you, Steve Rogers. I like you a lot. And I’m really hoping you feel the same way so I don’t have to deal with rejection along with this hangover.” Tony says, brushing his hand across his face as he speaks.
He feels himself freeze at the statement Tony just made, as much as the arm wrapped around him.
“And I want to make out with Tony.” He says, immediately thinking of all the other things he wanted to do to Tony.
“Did you just say you welcome to that guy?” Bucky asks with a snort.
“I… what is this order?” He asks, sticking his head out of the back room towards Natasha, who was currently working the front counter at his shop. He had hired her about six months back and still had not learned a single personal detail about her. She was a little terrifying, but also the most reliable employee he had.
“In my defense, that program is stupidly overpriced and art school is already taking all of my money.” The other man states.
“I’m sorry, that must really suck.” He says, wondering how this talk took such a turn.
“Ms.Dale, you did say an impromptu audition for all the gentleman here, and he is here.” Tony says with a smirk that he can’t quite get the meaning of. He’s not sure if the other man is being serious or trying to embarrass him.
“You would think so, but apparently not.” Sam said with a smirk.
“Yes, yes, I know this comes to a shock to all of you, but sadly Ms.Potts, the only candidate for a female Maria had to take leave suddenly. Her grandmother in France has taken ill and she and her family flew out to be with her. Since I refuse to listen to “I Feel Pretty” be butchered to death, we will now be having an impromptu audition for all the gentleman here. On your feet boys, this is your big chance!” Ms.Dale bellowed dramatically.
“You could sneak out the back,” Tony said, sounding reluctant even to himself, but Rogers only laughed.
“Agent Barton dropped out of high school and ran away from an abusive home to join the circus. He was a seasoned criminal by the time SHIELD recruited him. Agent Romanov’s own father sold her to the Red Room when she was a small child.” Steve flinches, because he’d known that from their files. Hell, after the Potomac Crash, half the country knew that from their files, it was on Wikipedia, but
“I know I have a reputation for being kind of a slut,” he begins, but Steve holds a hand up to silence him.
Cap blocks the door, jaw set and stubborn, shield held in front of his heart like a bullseye. Tony tries not to read too much into it, and is instead bowled over by blinding fury, his vision swimming with it. He curls his lips into the cruellest sneer he knows how.
“Perhaps you should think further on your conversation with Miss Potts before you ask that question,” JARVIS says, frustratingly diplomatic as ever. Steve closes his eyes, nods.
to him? “God, I’m sorry.”
, Jesus, just kiss him-”
Steve pulled away to stare down at him, face struck strange upside down and still so beautiful, and thought,
“Uh.” Bruce scratches at his brown with a thumb, then glances at Tony. “I’m not really sure. It looks like SHIELD wasn’t sure what to make of his tech, but they didn’t ask for help because…well, because they’re idiots.”
“Well you’d best ask him, then,” the priest says. “And if you don’t get an answer that you can work with, ask again until you do. That’s the only way to make anyone happy, but especially your soulmate. You have to talk to him, find out what he needs. Maybe he’s quite modern and liberal and he doesn’t want to be bonded. You’ll have to accept that, and that might be hard for you. But it’s your duty to love and support your soulmate. That is the divine commandment of our Lord. It’s your task to find out how best to go about doing that.”
“I can’t have children, either,” she said, and Tony nodded.
, he thinks. He tries to place a hand on Tony’s back to no avail.
sins. He wonders if he can stay here. He doesn’t want to go back and watch Tony go through the motions for hours, pretending to be fine when inside, he’s falling to pieces. He wants Tony to stay out of the public eye, to go home to where people he loves can fuss over him.
“This was a nice thing you did,” he says, and Tony shrugs. He’s maybe a little dazed. Steve’s blinding like this. Blindingly happy, and so, so gorgeous for it. God, to think he’d done that made his mouth water with wanting. “Faker.”
Steve startles, stumbling back a little. His face is poleaxed and defensive in equal measure, and Tony crowds him back towards the doorway, abusing the height advantage of the armour with extreme prejudice. Natasha slips inside without prompting, and Tony does a brief camera check to confirm Clint scrambling down from the top of the tower, where he must have been watching with his bow the whole time.
to avoid the expectation of his archetype. Of all the fool things,” Sam says, snorting disbelievingly. Steve winces, then laughs ruefully at himself. “If anyone holds you to a certain standard it’s because you’ve shown them how it’s done. You self-censure.”
Tony frowns. He leans over, picks it up.
“Courtesy of DUM-E.”
Steve could hear the emphasis on the words, the way the weight hung there, waiting for Steve to catch it. He could remember the exact shape of his mark on Tony, the silvery sheen of it against his skin, the sore redness of it when he’d refreshed it after a cycle spent together. He knew every imprint of every tooth that he’d left on Tony’s skin.
“We’re not talking about this,” he says, and JARVIS subsides. As he must, because in the end, he is Tony’s AI. “Keep an ear to the ground for Strange. I’m not fucking telling the team. I refuse to be taken off the field when it’s Cap’s orders that stopped me from saving lives.”
“That bad, huh?” Tony quips, voice shaking a little. “And I come so highly recommended-”
“Healing is a holistic process,” Xavier says, which sounds a little hokey, but Steve agrees on principle. “Repairing important bonds can only be good for your continued psychological stability. And it is always good to come clean with a friend when a secret has been kept.”
Steve took a breath. “I didn’t say that he did. I just- They’re all going to have questions.”
Steve looks lost, small suddenly, and Tony turns back and reaches a hand out to him.
But Steve has never been the kind to quit, no matter what it costs him. And the Buck in his dream had been right, in his own sick and twisted way. By some fluke of fate Steve had been given a second chance, another fiery brunette in red to tangle him up in knots all over again. No matter what Tony said, as long as he knew there was something there to hold onto, he wasn’t ready to give that up. He would never be ready. And if Tony doesn’t choose him in the end, well. He supposes that he’s survived worse.
“Hell of an upgrade,” Steve manages, eyes wide as he glances around.
"It's like putting a giraffe into a box," Tony mutters, staring at him. Steve scoffs and shuts the car door. "Flying cars are overrated, baby. The new America is all about hover boards and AI."
. “Octopus’s root isn’t actually latinate like most uninformed English-speakers assume, because, hey, super weird word, must be Latin, right? But actually the word is Greek in origin.
“I wouldn’t.”
that he will touch Tony. Touching Tony is incidental to his desires. Nothing, not even death, is going to stop him.
he thinks,
“Close ‘er down, J.”
Tony smiled into his espresso. Then, miraculously, he took Steve at his word, and kept on going.
Tony shudders, presses his nose to the soft place behind Steve’s ear and sucks a bruise there.
-kay,” Steve says, trying to step between them, “why don’t we take a second-”
“As the apple tree among the trees of the wood, so is my beloved among the sons. I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste,” the priest intones, and Steve’s mouth snaps shut. It’s a holy verse, although it’s no verse Steve knows. “Have you read the Song of Songs, son?”
“Hey,” Tony says. Bruce pauses, turns.
“You see how Sif is treated, is revered. You have heard Thor’s stories, his legends of Lady Sif and the Warriors Three.” Tony nods, spits, continues brushing. Loki is gathering dignity to himself like a white dwarf, gaining mass and power before his eyes. His spine straightens as he speaks. “Amora had to fight to be taught. She was not one of the chosen. She went through much of the same struggles as Sif did, and yet she is seen as sluttish and craven for trying to curry favour with men who might advance her skill. What did Sif do, that Amora did not? What is the difference between Sif’s devotion to Thor, her desire for him, and Amora’s? Yet because Amora is an enchantress, she is seen as lesser. It is a familiar tale.”
He’s painfully young, and handsome, in a good southern boy kind of way. His hair is cropped close to his head, high and tight. His dark eyes are creased ever so slightly, older than the rest of him. He’s got some of the smoothest skin Steve’s ever seen, gleaming a rich warm brown in the setting sun. Steve would guess he’s a beta.
“It’s too bad Sam went home,” Steve says, and Tony grumbles. “It was nice to have a running partner.”
Tony’s not even going to think about the deinonychus sniffing around the rubble behind him.
“Georgia?”
what I thought you meant.”
I ended up catching it/in the hospital and had a lot of time to myself, so I'm trying to catch up on all the fannish stuff I let slide. I owe someone Potterlock chapters from the FTH auction, which I am working on! I know it's late. I also need to find a way to get into my gmail for the rest of my Yuuri!!! On Ice story, which was saved in drive. This story is only getting posted because I keep it on my hard drive smh.
“She’s like a mini-Tony,” Steve muttered, “complete with the lying about his injuries and the casual bragging about impossible feats and the qualms about killing anyone, including actual Nazis. I can barely handle the one I’ve got.”
“-because it is
“The legionnaires are entirely made of metal,” Cap says, voice coloured with the barest tint of deadly amusement, and Tony groans. “I don’t even have my shield.”
“Gonna use me until you’re satisfied, alpha?” Steve spoke against his mouth, pleasure and joy making him indolent.
“It isn’t,” Steve says stubbornly. “I lost control.”
“A what?”
“They’re all in the loop, including those senators that we already have a relationship with. JARVIS will follow up with notes.” She glances at her watch, expression creasing. “You should suit up soon. It’s almost ten.”
When did Tony know? When did Tony look at Steve and know that he loved him? When did he look at Steve and see the desire that had apparently been there, bare for him to read all these years, and decide: no. Not this one. Not this man.
"You think there’s a max on intelligence, why does that not surprise me,” Tony sneers, and Steve studies him.
“Tony loves being Iron Man more than anything. Flying alone-”
“No,” Riri said finally, voice filled with so much empathy that it made Steve’s chest ache, even through the shitty speaker system. “Tony says he just knows you.”
"That's my CEO."
“No, see, I don’t think that’s true,” Beth says, and her smile spreads into the kind of grinning triumph that Tony knows to be wary of. “It was magic, wasn’t it?”
“Go on,” Steve says, and Tony takes a breath. He stretches up to kiss Steve on the mouth, their lips sliding together with a slick sound that makes Tony moan into it, hips kicking forward involuntarily, and then they’re off. Steve pushes back against him, writhing in his lap, and Tony sets a brutal pace, tilting Steve’s hips up, shifting one leg over his shoulder, until-
Steve lets out an explosive breath. “I’m not sure what you’re getting at, here, Professor.”
“Fuck me,” Steve says, voice wrecked, and Tony blinks blearily at him. “Tony, you’re killing me. Do you need me to beg? I’m begging, please-”
“In my defence, that really wasn’t the main goal that day,” Steve begins, used to this fight with Tony, but the professor just chuckles. “Are you saying I have PTSD?”
“By some definitions, perhaps.”
“Please,” Steve manages, voice tight. He presses his face into Tony’s neck, overwhelmed. “I…”
Tony nods.
"Maybe I found..." Loki pauses, looking him over brazenly. "Other things of interest."
Loki’s echoing, disembodied snicker is just the cherry on the indignity sundae.
“I know, man. I know,” Rhodey says, clapping a hand on his shoulder. “Look, I’ve got your back. You know that. Whatever’s coming, we’ll figure it out.”
. Tony wants him.
The traffic is surprisingly light for New York City, especially approaching rush hour. Tony takes them uptown along 1
“What do you mean, you were right,” Steve asked, suspicious, and Stark turned bright eyes on him. He’d seen him working enough to know that this was Stark excited about a puzzle. Steve just didn’t know how he felt about that puzzle being him.
Tony frowns. “Steve hasn’t done anything like that. He just…hovers. Awkwardly.”
“Isn’t it?” Ms. Bliss says archly. The elevator dings. “Have a good afternoon, Captain.”
Tony half expects Steve to have moved himself out of the tower by the time he gets out of the Sanctum and makes his way home. That would be the kind of self-sacrificing play he’d expect from the man.
“The polite veneer of the good soldier fades to reveal the Brooklyn street urchin,” the professor observes jovially, and Steve can feel the evidence of his embarrassment crawling down over his chin and across his neck. “Don’t worry. I prefer honesty, mostly because anything else is a waste of time.”
“Clear the area. I’ve got some biohazard units for both Riri and Tony to put on. There’s a decontamination shower out here for Riri, along with some fresh clothes. SHIELD isn’t allowed to mess with it. Thor is enforcing that. Tony won’t have to worry about a thing.”
Tony was many things, but practically dressed was generally not one of those things. His wardrobe was best suited for indoor society functions, and he hadn’t had much occasion to buy anything different in Timely. He barely left his forge, except to go to Casino, the rail station for a shipment, or the jailhouse. Proper winter gear had not ever been high on his list of priorities, and he was now regretting it. He couldn’t spare anything more for Rogers, not if he wanted to keep warm enough to get them both home in one piece.
Steve winces, even as Bruce and Clint turn to stare at them with equally horrified expressions.
Clint slides the pie into the oven and then shuts it with a clang that echoes loudly in the empty open space, dusting his hands off over the counter and shoving Tony over with one hip so he can get to the sink. “You’re the genius. Figure it out.”
Tony spins in a full circle, brows furrowed tight. He touches the back of his neck, then pulls his hand away and examines it, like he’d been expecting to find blood.
Logan offers him a half-hearted salute, and Steve looses a soft huff of laughter, shaking his head. He guns the engine, and distantly he’s aware of the eyes of some of the students, wide and starry as he tears down the road and past the gate.
“I know nothing of the sort,” she says haughtily, and Tony smiles. “I’ll see you tonight. Should I order something?”
Fuck, his voice is low and rough and Tony wants him. He wants him, and he shouldn’t. He can’t.
“Go on,” Beth says. “I’ll keep an eye on them.”
“You don’t feel embarrassed about how you rambled about how hot Steve was?” Clint says, clearly wanting to draw out the torture.
“It is forever sealed in my memory. And Natasha’s phone.” He says, spilling milk on his chin as he tries to each another bit of Fruit Loops.
“If it makes you feel any better, I just recently found out the person I like is into someone else.” He says, wanting to laugh bitterly at the confession.
“The first bouquet was to an employee I fired, they stole my work and tried to sell it off, the cyclamen was for an old ex, I thought it might be rude not to send any flowers but I didn’t want to send a bouquet that said I miss fucking you.” Tony admits, trying not to laugh.
“See you then.” The other man says softly before ending the call.
“Do you think it’s like a funeral thing? Because I can make something way more appropriate and honestly way cheaper for him.” He says, remembering how stupidly expensive black roses are. And honestly wondering why someone would need 24 of them.
“I don’t think this is for me. I’m not meant for theater.” He finally stammers out, wondering why he has to trip over his words so much around Tony.
“What?” He says, feeling his face immediately blush. He’s pretty sure he looks ridiculous, not hot, and being called that by his crush is more than his brain can handle right now.
He half heartedly painted as he watched the other man collect their sheet music and began to practice their audition, their song being “Something’s Coming”. He knew this was going to be a difficult audition, the song had a unique rhythm to it that most people musically tripper over.
He would never tell anyone (especially Bucky) but he secretly loved the musical, which was part of the reason he volunteered for set design. His mother was a huge fan of musical theatre and more often than not could be found singing in the kitchen to Into the Woods or Phantom of the Opera.
“I…. So I’m not homophobic.” He says, finally realizing what that sick feeling was when he had to deal with Thad.
“Ha, I think I would have won with some of them. Anyway, if you’re free-“ Tony begins before the bell jingles and his friend Bucky busts through.
He tries not to practically run to the front, taking a deep breath before he pushes the door open.
“They sound pretty special.” Tony says, sounding as hollow as he feels.
“Yes.” Sam assures him.
“Steve Rogers, will you be my Valentine?” Tony asks with a laugh.
Over the past couple of months, they had grown close, possibly too close. Because when you have a crush on someone, they can drive you crazy without ever knowing it. Like how Tony tends to fall asleep on his shoulder every movie night. Or how he hounds him for a foot massage after a long day.
“Steve… how do you feel when you and Tony are hanging out? Just the two of you?” Sam asks, leaning in closer to him.
“Next time, I would just buy the program so you don’t mess up your very expensive computer.” He says, beginning to work on the computer. He finds solving these problems relaxing, like a puzzle he needs to shift and slide to figure out.
“Sorry, there were like twenty automated messages before you and I think I yelled at a few of them and somehow they started talking in French-“ The voice rambles, clearly frazzled.
“I think I’m going to use the restroom.” Kurt blurts out. He immediately blushes, he had honestly forgotten the other man was there.
The entire cast and crew break out into whisperings of confusion, not only had a Maria been cast, but Pepper and Tony had been practicing together for weeks now.
“Very very drunk, it was soooooo boring there Steve. You should have gone with me.” Tony slurs a bit, as he bends over to take his shoes off.
“Stevie, are you ready to close up because I have two tickets for-“ Bucky cuts off, only then does he realizes how he and Tony are practically leaning across the entire counter towards one another.
“Everyone needs a little blackmail.” Natasha says, eating her cereal far more elegantly than Clint.
“Yes I will, Tony Stark.”
“Steve, Steve, calm down, I’m just joking. And if I didn’t have this hangover I would be much more excited about it.” Tony says gently, turning around so they’re face to face.
“He is crazy, but don’t worry he knows that. And he’ll be looking forward to it.” The other man says.
“Are you asking me out Tony Stark.” He asks, his face breaking out in a wide smile. His heart races and he feels his brain is going about a million miles an hour.
“Problem? Already? Weren’t you just cast?” Tony says with a laugh, holding a couple fo scripts in his hand.
“Ah, its not their fault. I’m still just adjusting to things. They’re just one of those people that… they can make you feel like the only person in the room. And you feel all warm inside talking to them and laughing with them, you forget anyone else exists.” He says, the words feeling bitter on his tongue.
He looks shocked at being called out for all of too seconds before his face changes into his trademark smirk, “I can try my best, but I can’t make any promises.”
He turns and sees the other man walking towards him across the lab, his face looking perplexed.
“Oh. I… What’s on your mind?” He asks, wondering if now is really the time to ask Tony out.
“Steve…” Tony calls out softly.
“Uh… no. I guess not.” He admits. The only time he can remember these feelings are with Tony and stupid face Thad.
“Oh no apologies necessary, this is a pleasant surprise.” The other man asks, with a charming half smile on his face. The other man is more attractive than he wanted  to admit, especially since he was sweating from running back and forth since Nat left. The other man leans over the counter and say, “I ordered a bouquet earlier, I was hoping it’d be ready.”
He and Tony had been working in his lab, trying to figure out the new dimensions on his shield, when Tony had been gesturing a little enthusiastically and spilled his coffee all over Steve’s shirt. Tony had apologized profusely, even though he hadn’t been the slightest bit angry and was more amused than anything.
“Shhhhhhh, it’s fine. Just go to bed. Besides, you know you like it.” Tony says with a laugh as he rolls around and wraps his arm around him.
“Simple curiousity.” He says, sounding nonchalant.
“I bet a blush would look good on him. I’m surprised he still gets embarrassed by a compliment, he must get them all the time.” He says, continuing to work on the computer.
“What did you think I was doing with them?” Tony asks with an incredulous grin.
“Or you ass.” He reminds him, considering Natasha is more or less the common sense for the whole team.
“Fantastic! The stars are aligned!” She rejoices, clapping her hands together.
“And you kissed me.” Tony says, smiling as he presses his forehead against his.
Who knows what tomorrow will bring.
“What the actual fuck?” Tony interrupts him with a grin.
“Indeed I did. Mr.Rogers, grab a song sheet.” She says, gesturing to one of the other men to hand him one.
“Well why don’t we start with your name?” The other man asks.
“No, but now I have more questions than I did a moment ago.” He says, wondering why he didn’t just pick one of those things to say Tony had admitted. Maybe it was because Tony always knew when he was lying. Or maybe it was because he didn’t want this to just be a memory to him, forgotten by the one other person who was there.
“Didn’t take that long Tony.” He admits. Sure, they didn’t get on at first, but they quickly went from bickering children to friends to…. A hopeless crush.
“Please don’t get 1940’s homophobic on me, I’m sorry if I crossed a line but you’re attractive, what can I say, even when you used to be the biggest pain in my ass I thought you were hot-“ Tony continues to ramble until he kisses him to cut him off.
“More than,” Tony says warmly, leaning forward to nose gently at Steve’s jaw. “Feel free to keep going, soldier boy. I’m enjoying being manhandled by all this American muscle. If high school Tony could see me now, he’d cream his pants.”
Tony pulls one of the chairs away from the table, out of the reach of Natasha’s legs. He swings it around, sitting on it the wrong way round and propping his arms on the back. Steve stands just behind him on the left, closer to the door, even as JARVIS re-seals the room.
“You’re such a brat,” Tony said, but he was laughing, and Steve could feel it move through him like thunder. “Jesus. You’re all a bunch of absolute maniacs.”
“Let’s go,” Tony says, but Loki holds him in place, and he tilts his head to the side to attempt a glare. “What?”
He’d tried Google, at first, but he’d quickly determined that Google was probably not the place for him to go looking for answers. Questions like: “How do I make my mate happy?” turned up answers that made his blood curdle for how backwards and outdated they were, even by his own standards. Either that, or the articles were all about sex, and, well. The less said about that, the better. He wanted Tony to like him. Sex was a far, far way off from where they were right now. Tony could barely stand to be in the same room with him, let alone…any of that.
"I can't just want to see you?" Tony simpers, opening one side of the Aston for her. "I'm hurt."
The silo was smaller than Steve had imagined for Hydra, but he supposed smaller was better when trying to hide in plain sight so close to Avengers HQ. It was little more than a pale blue mound surrounded by barbed wire when JARVIS went in for recon, but the sparse cover around the building had Steve wishing for better air coverage.
“If everyone else is too chicken.”
“No,” Steve says, rolling his eyes, and Tony chuckles. “We’re too late for that, anyway, even if I could catch something.”
Steve shivers and coughs and watches his mother die in a hospital bed, in their tiny shared flat, in his arms, in the Barnes’ living room, in an alleyway. This, he has seen in his dreams too many times for it to cut him deeply. Eventually, his torturer learns, and he does not see his mother at all.
“I’m pretty sure that’s why they stripped him,” Steve sighed. The smile that Bruce offered him was bitter. “The girl’s probably fine, right?”
“As ever, sir, I am your humble servant. I try to gather information that will allow me to serve you as best I’m able.”
he thinks.
Steve. God, he was a real fat-head these days.
“You want me to drive?” Tony asks, and Steve swallows. He nods. “But Captain, I thought you wanted to put your mouth on me. I was so looking forward to it.”
“Shall I revoke Captain Rogers’ access to the workshop?” JARVIS asks, and Tony raises an eyebrow. “Only, he’s approaching as we speak.”
Pepper is staring at him, bright eyes searching in her freckled face. She’s gone from defensive and stinging to open without Loki in the room, and now Tony can remember when they’d shared this space, when late dinners from restaurants that only do carry away for Tony Stark were a norm for two brilliant people with busy schedules who can’t cook to save their lives. She looks scared, which isn’t anything new to Tony either, and he reaches out and puts a hand on her knee, trying to gauge her expression.
There was a short burst of static, then silence. Steve carried another computer over to the waiting SHIELD cart.
“Anytime,” the priest says, a smile audible in his voice. “Don’t wait so long for confession next time. Come back and tell me how it goes, hm? I’m rooting for you.”
A shiver begins in Tony’s stomach, travels all the way down to his toes.
“You guys are gross!”
“Tony speaks highly of you,” he explains, “which is pretty rare.”
Steve laughed. He closed his eyes, and felt happiness and home settle over his shoulders like a thick woollen blanket.
Natasha studied him. “You wanted to let him sleep. I’m sorry.”
and it breaks something open in his chest, so deep inside of him he isn’t sure he’ll ever heal back the same way again.
“Your heart is not calming,” Loki says sharply, and Tony laughs because
. He sucks in a sharp breath, then lifts the sketchbook, turning to a new page. Tony has a visceral memory of fresh, white snow waiting for his first footprints. It sweeps cold over his skin, raising the dark hairs on his arms. “I can get in a good line every once in a while, but with words…”
Finally, a shameless plug: if you are interested in angsty slow-burn Stony (with some bonus FrostIron),
Steve leans closer to the screen, eyes narrowing. He’s probably on his StarkPad, from the angle. He’s in bed, leaning against the headboard. His shirt is too tight.
Steve huffs into Tony’s neck. He drags in a shaky breath, then pulls away, bright-eyed and unashamed.
The shape of the idea that’s building inside of him is so large, it’s hard to see the end of it. He tests out the tenets of what Tony and people like him are saying. Tony doesn’t let his dynamic affect him. So, functionally, he doesn’t have one. Tony is…other? He’s just… He’s just a human man, and his dynamic isn’t important because he lives without it. What is it they say? Better living through chemistry? Steve smiles at that, the thought buoying him. In a strange kind of way, he and Tony are matched.
Steve blinks. He glances at the monitor, then back at Logan. Tony must have called Logan here. He must have suspected something bad might happen to Steve while he was otherwise occupied. Was Tony even in Florida? Was Steve’s killer in the room with him? How long had he been there? How
“Yeah,” Tony says. He’s not really sure what to say next. Steve clearly likes how he smells. They’re incredibly biologically compatible. He’d thought that this part would be easy, at the very least. “So. What are you…” He falters, heart in his throat. Steve wants him sexually, at the very least. That…was obviously true. He’d
Steve stiffened, saved by the arrival of the elevator. He stepped inside, resigned to his fate when Tony slid in next to him. He looked down at his sock-clad feet while Tony pressed the button for the penthouse.
“I have years of brain scans for comparison-”
“This okay?” Steve asks, and Tony nods. “You feel amazing.”
“You’re right, I did. Sorry about that.” He glances around at the living room, but there doesn’t seem to be any permanent damage. “What happened here?”
Steve sighed and swiped a hand over his face. “I should be out there.”
Tony’s eyes dropped to half-mast, a shiver trickling from Steve’s neck down over his shoulders as Tony stalked towards the bed with slow, predatory grace. The smile that dawned on his face was languid, confident. Steve couldn’t help it any more than he could stop his heart from beating: he tipped his head back, exposed his bondmark, and submitted himself to his alpha.
Will update the 2nd half next week, for Saint Patty's Day proper :P
Steve opens his mouth, face flushing with anger, only for Natasha to clock him hard in the head with a roundhouse kick, followed by the butt of her .45. Tony gapes at her as Steve stumbles sideways, face slack with shock and the pain as he nearly goes down. Tony catches him under the arms.
Steve closes his eyes, just for a second. He takes a shaky breath. He’s pretty sure he’s in actual shock.
“I understand,” Cap says, curt. “I’ll handle it. Iron-Man, I’ll meet you on the roof.”
“It’s best described as duck stew, Captain. The team left you a container of rice as well.” There’s a pause, and Steve rolls his eyes, knowing what’s coming. “Sir said that it was what he expected would best agree with your ‘bland American palate’.”
He scrubs a hand over his face with a sigh. “Help me back into the armour.”
“Why, thank you, Captain Obvious. Is that all this little trip is going to be, because if so I would like to state my preference for silence or maybe my regret at not taking the stairs.”
“Red tulip, white lily, apple blossom, yellow pansy….” He says slowly.
“Mr.Rogers, do not toy with me feelings this way, it is too much for a tired old woman-” Ms.Dale begins to monologue before Tony places a gentle hand on her shoulder, silencing her.
He starts moving his arm gently, wondering how he can extract himself from the other man without waking him up, which would be much easier if Tony wasn’t holding on to him like an octopus.
“Like my mother would know how to download something.” The other man responds with a short laugh.
Luckily Tony is able to get through to him.
“I’ve fixed worse messes than this, don’t worry.” He says, many of them having been his own.
“Leave the theater Mr.Barnes? Because it is cast members only right now.” Ms.Dale nearly shouts in that theatre voice that nearly all directors use.
“It’s pretty good, except when someone decides to go rogue and throw themselves out of a plane.” Tony says with a smile, recalling a mission from a few days ago.
“Well it seems like you grew up nicely.” The other man admits softly.
Tony is currently holding a blow torch to something and he can’t help but notice how his muscles glisten with sweat.
“Oh right, it’s Valentine’s Day.” Tony says monotone, his expression unreadable.
“Tony? Is that you?” He asks, blinking at the clock and seeing that it was nearly 4 in the morning.
“They definitely are.” He says, watching as Kurt hails a cab.
“I think you’ll want to see this one.” She says, shoving it into his face.
“Thanks Tony… did you say adorable?” He asks, his heart giving the smallest flutter.
“I don’t even think that’s boasting, its really more of a fact.” Bruce says, also looking relatively sober. He’d said before that mixing a big green rage monster with tequila was probably a bad idea, which he had to agree with.
“You knew we weren’t the same size when you had me try this on, didn’t you?” He asks with a laugh, realizing no genius could be that dumb.
“As fun as it would be to watch you to trade insults for hours, i promised Ms.Dale Id help out with the set design since they’re so far behind.” He says, purposely getting paint on Bucky’s elbow that’s leaning on the prop.
“I’ll give it a try. At least one rehearsal, and then you guys will know you have the wrong guy.” He says, letting a small smile cross his face. He couldn’t bear saying no, not when Tony was being so reassuring and possibly even flirting.
“You can tell your friend I think he’s hot.” He says with a laugh. He knows that’s hardly appropriate, but it’s been five boring days of good behavior, he deserves this.
“Nothing, you just said all that stuff about me being hot and then went to bed!” He says, trying to put as much space as possible between him and Tony.
“Me?” He asks, frozen with his paintbrush in his hand.
“Oh….no.”
“For all of our sakes, please yes.” Sam says with another laugh, clapping him on the shoulder.
Tony hums a soft, questioning noise. He traces the bowed curve of Steve’s spine, fingers dipping into the crease. The callouses on his hands are rough, and the scrape of them over his skin makes Steve shiver with aftershocks against Tony’s body. It’s enough to make Tony grin, his eyes still shut tight.
“Friday is named after the goddess Frige, just as Thursday is Thor’s day,” JARVIS replies drolly. Tony processes this, then rests his head on the cool wooden shelving of his closet, staring down at a line of lovely bespoke shoes. He stares at them as though they hold the secret of the universe.
“You work best on a last-minute deadline,” Pepper points out, and Tony nods into her neck.
He’d been willing to try, for Steve. When he’d considered it, in rare moments lying alone in bed, or during a lull in the workshop, he’d tried to imagine what it would be like to tie himself to someone. He and Steve already practically lived in each other’s pockets. The idea of restricting himself so utterly to another human was terrifying, but he’d thought he knew what kind of man Steve was. He couldn’t imagine Steve allowing anyone he was with to sleep with anyone else. Steve was the kind of man who believed in wedding bells and white fences, who dreamed about children and forever. It seemed stupid, to think that a man like that could want Tony Stark. No matter how they flirted, Tony could have never in a million years imagined that they’d end up in a place anywhere close to this one.
“Point,” he says. “Alright. What are you getting at?”
After spending a week with Tony, his body had readjusted to its usual schedule. Tony needed the healing sleep though, and Steve knew that as soon as he let him, he’d be burying himself in the workshop for days to catch up on everything he’d missed. As it was, it was difficult to pry him away from his office. He’d mostly only managed it through sex, and while Tony was too smart to not know what Steve was doing, he could also count the number of times that Tony had said no to sex on one hand.
“You want my suckers on your nipples again?”
“Tony,” Steve barks, pushing himself to his feet. Then he thinks better of it, turning around, because Tony’s bent over to put on his briefs.
That was interesting. He should probably come back to that later.
There were a few confused murmurs. Tony scratched the side of his jaw. “Uh, that can’t be right,” he said, sounding a little baffled, even as his name appeared on the projection under the number. “Um. So, that’s
