It was a terrible idea. An awful, awful terrible idea. If they lived together, however temporarily it might be, Cas knew he'd read into every little thing, get attached again. Fool himself again. And then one day Dean would break his heart again. It was in fact the worst idea anyone had had since Sam had bought Baby a fluffy purple steering-wheel cover as a surprise for Dean, and Dean had literally set fire to it in the middle of the parking lot.
“Well you fucking did. I prayed, I begged and you ignored me. At the time I was sure you were in the Empty, but then I found out you’d been running free for months and just didn’t give a fuck about me, so can you see why I was just a tiny bit upset?”
With an expression that was a curious mix of fondness and aggravation, Cas looked very much like he was about to climb off the bed and off of Dean, which was something Dean really, really didn't want.
"I'm hungry, thirsty, and horny. There's only one of those things that I can take care of in this room, and you're gonna see things you won't be able to unsee, unless we get out of this fucking hellhole. How's that for incentive for ya', Sam?"
His days were spent sitting in the restaurant underneath his home, nursing a cup of coffee and searching local newspapers for work. Luckily the restaurant itself was only really busy on an evening, so he got away with taking up a table for as long as he needed it. He'd even made a friend - three days a week a waitress called Kate would chat with him as much as her shift allowed.
Cas couldn't answer past the lump that had formed in his throat, but he didn't need to—Claire wasn't subtle in her handling of people, but she was excellent at reading them. Her gaze followed the direction of Cas' and before he could stop her, she'd shoved her chair back, storming off towards the corner Dean and Kate had disappeared around.
"You okay, buddy?" Cas hadn't said much since their tryst in the shower. He was acting like it had never happened at all, and it was freaking Dean out a bit. It had been Cas' first time with a guy, his first time with Dean. Had it been good for him? Had he enjoyed it? Did he want to do it again? Why wasn't he reacting?
Dean looked at him. What he really wanted to do was put his coffee down and yank Cas into his arms and show him exactly how he could help him to feel better. But in the cold light of day, it felt like he didn’t have the right to do it. Were they at the point now where he could kiss Cas whenever he fancied it, or was this more a ‘during hook-ups only’ sort of situation? He’d had those before and they’d been pretty simple, but at no point in the past had he been confronted with quite this much temptation.
"Shut up." Cas growled, shoving Dean's t-shirt up and out of his way. Dean pulled his hands out from under his pillow and held them up in defence, still laughing. Horny, grumpy Cas was freakin' adorable.
Cas watched Kate bite her lip and then shrug before stepping away from them both. A sensible decision that he should commend her on, really.
Taking in a shuddering breath and closing his eyes, Cas inhaled the scent of Dean's aftershave, letting it wash over his senses and soothe him. Dean slid a reassuring hand down the back of his neck and, unsure just how much of this he could take before he just kissed him, Cas sat up straight again. He reluctantly pulled back from Dean.
Cas turned, his head reeling after an hour of what had been revelation after revelation. He stepped closer, his hand lifting and landing over Dean's heart without him really meaning to.
"With whisky," reminded Dean, before turning back to Cas. “I didn’t realise I was cramping your style,”
"What I mean is that it's good, you and Cas. What you have, whatever this thing is between you—it's really good for you, and I'm good with it too. Eileen is good with it, everyone who has figured it out is good with it. So you don't need to hide that this matters to you, alright?"
“I’m an angel,” he tried to explain, taking a different, hopefully more simple tack. “Or I was, before I fell. My wings were burned and my Grace cut off at the source. I'm mostly human now. I’m no different to anyone else."
"Flirting is it?" Kate looked straight into Rowena’s eyes in mock innocence. "I thought your pointed comments about my cleavage were entirely innocent. What was it you were saying, you could see yourself getting lost down there and not even caring how long it took to find your way back... out?’ She trailed off. Rowena was staring back into her eyes with a thoughtful frown.
"Isn't it beautiful?" Cas breathed, partly in order to break the silence, as Dean had yet to so much as acknowledge his presence.
“I’m sorry, Cas. It’s a stupid idea. The bed is too small, I snore and Sammy would be a pain in the ass about it if he knew where you'd slept.”
"You're not hearing me!" she growled at him, rising up to her full five foot five inches, hands on her hips, fury in her eyes. "You left Dean absolutely fucking devastated, Castiel! He thought you were trapped! We all thought you were trapped!"
Dean was already in the car before Cas had stepped outside. He was quiet and withdrawn, but Cas didn't have it in him to try to cheer him up, so he looked out of the window at the barely visible trees as they drove slowly past them. He wished that he still had his wings so he could fly away from all of this.
"Yes," he ground out. "You know I did. Do you know how tempting it is to drag you away somewhere and do it again? All of it?"
"You got yourself into trouble, as usual,” Cas said, amused. “If you hadn’t cruelly laughed at my excellent impression…”
Cas catalogued the amount of places the wallpaper was peeling, the threadbare patches in the carpet, the paint flaking off the window ledge, the crack at the bottom of the window that marred a near-perfect view.
Dean knew he was crying again, knew that hot tears were leaking from his eyes, wetting his cheeks. He knew Sam was watching him, his arms helplessly at his sides, not knowing whether or not a hug would be welcome or would result in him being punched.
“He’s becoming quite the chef,” Eileen said, proudly. She beamed up at Sam and he looked at the ground, blushed and then grinned back at her. Dean was torn between being made up for Sam and wanting to vomit. Even in his longest relationships Dean had never been one for PDAs. Sex he wasn't shy about, but romance in public was just uncomfortable. No one needed to see that.
Dean took it, downing half of it before putting it back down. He eyed the large dark patch on Cas' t-shirt, horribly aware that it was his tears that had made it so damp.
“A thank you?” Cas snarled, stepping closer to Dean, the feathers on his wings rippling and shining a billion different colours and shades as he moved. It was utterly hypnotic, distracting as hell and honestly the most incredible thing Dean had ever seen.
Dean wasn't just hard, he was aching. He reached further under the covers and pushed past the waistband of his boxers, wrapping his hand around himself.
"Touching…" Chuck said, running his hand tentatively over a large bruise blooming on his jaw, feeling the damage.
Cas frowned at his phone, and Kate, who was sitting opposite him while she ate her lunch, scrunched up her face.
The grass turned to stones, grinding with a satisfying crunching sound under the wheels of the car as Dean pulled up in the space next to the house. At the limit of how long he could spend in close proximity to Dean right now, Cas was reaching for the handle of the door before Dean had even switched the engine off.
Dean picked up his phone again and his eyes widened when he realised there was a reply from the estate agent he'd been practically harassing. He read the email and then typed out a text.
“I didn't really think of Angels doing it any differently to humans. I definitely didn't pay enough if you were going to be with that girl for a long weekend!"
Cas checked Gary's pulse and inspected his head. "He'll be fine. Perhaps a mild concussion at most—help me get him onto the couch."
"It's okay," she said, patting his hand in turn. "It's just that it reminded us how many people know this address, so we're speeding up our moving out a little bit."
"That would be the lavender." Cas pushed his way past Dean into the small bathroom and started unbuttoning his shirt. "It's supposed to be calming and yes, it is rather popular with the elderly."
As the words fell from his lips, Dean froze, his fork half way to his mouth. Fuck, if that wasn’t the most leading question Dean had ever asked.
"Your waiter." Sam indicated the bow tie he'd fastened around his neck that looked entirely ridiculous combined with the faded old, misshapen t-shirt he was wearing.
"Well I'd rather we were both at the Lake House, but I can't see that being peaceful for either of us just yet, and with all the snow I'm not even sure we can get there at the moment. I really need to sort out a big stockpile for winters like this, so we won't starve if we get snowed in."
“I’ve heard he’s more charming and hilarious than annoying,” Dean said, fluttering his eyelashes. He was nervous and his levity hid nothing. Was he nervous enough that he might actually agree to the every second Wednesday thing and just let Cas go back to his apartment to drown his sorrows at home with Nigel?
Dean picked up a photo of Sam and Charlie and himself that Cas must have taken when they weren't looking. Charlie's head was on Dean's shoulder, her hand behind Sam's head making devil horns with her fingers as she beamed up at him. There was so much love in this photo and he was unbelievably touched that Cas loved all these people, that the people who were family to him were family to Cas too.
Cas nodded sleepily, ready to agree to anything Dean suggested. It was adorable and Dean felt his chest swell with a warm feeling of protectiveness. How
"I'd always considered getting a tattoo, but I hadn't considered getting one of Cassie's name, especially not after he literally stabbed me in the back."
Cas reached for Dean’s face, cupping his cheek, stroking trembling fingers over his kiss-swollen lips.
Cas' breathing was unsteady, Dean could hear it down the phone. Was he touching himself? The idea turned Dean on so much that he pushed his boxers down his legs, kicking them off and letting his cock spring free.
"Yeah," Sam raised his voice so that Cas could hear him more clearly and Dean leaned against the counter, his arms folded. "It's in the car."
Dean smiled at him, as if he just couldn't stop himself. His eyes dropped to Cas' mouth before reluctantly dragging themselves back up to meet his gaze again, then dropping again, over and over in a loop.
His words seemed to light something in Cas and with a feral growl he rolled them over so that he was on top of Dean, pinning him to the bed with his own weight. Dean threw his head back at the feel of him and Cas was instantly bending over, his mouth on Dean's exposed neck, kissing hotly up to his ear and whispering in it.
"Are you even listening?" Sam folded his arms and tapped his foot in annoyance. "I'm trying to say that we're all good if you guys want to be together. You know, whenever you're ready. It doesn't always have to be just sex—dating is an option too."
"Claire, I really love that you cared enough to do this tonight, but you do know that Dean and I aren't actually together?"
“I love her!” Cas said, trying not to get too emotional. Since becoming human, all the feelings that he’d managed to keep hidden rushed to the surface, bypassing all his careful defences. It had become so much worse since Dean had moved into his apartment—he constantly felt like his heart was going to burst with the intensity of it.
The silence afterwards wasn't awkward, even though Dean felt like it should be. It was comforting and safe, and he wanted to fall asleep in Cas' arms, but this was as close as he could get.
Some of them had stayed with Dean for weeks, long after they'd given up looking for signs of magic—hunting with him, cooking, telling stories around their campfire, and he'd appreciated the company. Living alone on a mountain, searching for his angelic needle in a rocky haystack wasn't exactly uplifting work. Every day that went by with Cas remaining unfound felt like another defeat. They were piling up now, weighing on Dean's shoulders, pulling him down with every step he took.
Luckily they were interrupted yet again by the sound of the Bunker door opening, immediately putting them both on edge. If they hadn't been interrupted, Cas wasn't sure that he wouldn't have just let Dean kiss him. For all the restraint Cas had in any other situation, he was not equipped to resist a Dean Winchester who looked at him like that.
"I've always tried to be what he wanted, but I've fucked up, Cas. And I'm going to get to Heaven and he's gonna know. And I'll spend Eternity up there with him, being the Dean Winchester I was when we hunted together. And that's not me anymore."
Dean was suddenly apprehensive. It wasn't like he hadn't done it before, and the thought of Cas' forcing his way into him like that made him unbelievably hard. But then he would regret the fuck out of it when he couldnt sit down for days.
"I think this may actually be the gayest conversation we've ever had," Cas observed flatly. "I don't even know where to go with this."
"She gives me the lowdown on her hunts, calls for advice if she needs it," he shrugged. "I don't talk much, but she likes to. I should have known she was upset, but she never actually said."
Sam had no answers and for a moment he and Cas just sat together, lost in their own thoughts, watching the people walking past.
He would cock his head, raise his eyebrow, narrow his eyes, or worse than all that, all too often he would
"There aren't any windows," Sam muttered, his hands feeling along the thick, dingy, old wallpaper for any dips that would indicate windows that had been papered over. The ugly wallpaper itself was already peeling back in several places to reveal the roughly paneled wooden walls beneath. Cas wondered why anyone would choose to look at it, over the much more aesthetically pleasing plain wood.
"I wasn't needed!" Cas growled, finally snapping and getting to his feet. Anger rose in him, fierce and hot, boiling inside him, bubbling to the surface. He didn't know if he was going to run or grab Dean by the shoulders and slam him into the wall.
Cas' intercom had never worked properly, so Dean took the stairs two at a time, not wanting to leave Cas for long during their weird-assed date.
"I think I might need a few hours to recover," Dean grinned. "But I could return the favour if you like?"
Cas couldn't listen to it anymore, he surged forward, his fist raised to shut Chuck up and Dean spun, turning away from Chuck to intercept Cas' punch with his own forearm, blocking it perfectly.
"I've shared beds with Sammy when we could only afford one. It doesn't have to be anything except two guys keeping each other company. Teenage girls do it! If you want it to be extra-platonic we'll do each other's nails and I'll braid your hair."
"I will take whatever you want to give me, Cas. I'm a selfish fuck and I won't do what's better for the greater good when it comes to you—I can't not have you in my life."
“Cas?” Sam had caught up to them now and he stood next to his brother, reaching out a calming hand as if he was cautiously approaching a wild animal.
That afternoon divers searched the confluence of the two rivers, a deep, rocky section of water with a nasty undercurrent. Dean felt sick as he'd watched them helplessly, wishing he'd taken the time to teach Cas how to swim. How difficult would it have been to take a few hours out to teach him some basic survival skills instead of spending all their time together fucking? If his selfishness had gotten Cas killed…
Cas' eyes had drifted closed but at that they shot open. Slowly, his eyes fixed on Dean's, his lifted glistening wet fingers to his lips, his tongue sliding out to lick them clean, lathing them, wetting them even more. And then without being asked, he slid his fingers back over the head of his cock, mixing saliva with pre-cum, making his already wet cock even more slippery against his touch.
Satisfied that he wasn’t doing something Dean didn't want, Cas pressed another kiss to his wrist, but this one was open mouthed. His tongue snuck out and the tip of it slowly traced a hot, wet line over Dean’s skin. With a groan, Dean’s head fell forwards, his eyes closing. Cas watched him, his eyes dark as he got Dean’s senses used to this new level of pleasure, before letting the tip of his tongue dance over new skin, tracing patterns and shapes. He watched Dean as his entire body reacted and he squirmed in his seat, his breath coming in quiet gasps and pants. Dean's other hand clenched and unclenched on the table and Cas reached for it with his bandaged hand, letting Dean grip his unhurt fingers almost painfully hard. Dean clung to him, using Cas like a rock in a storm of pleasure that assaulted his senses.
"Yes, you're positively haggard. I don't know how you drag that ancient carcass of yours around without pieces of you just falling off. How we manage to have sex at all with all your aging body parts, I just don't know."
"Sounds like he's got you by the short and curlies, Princess. Do you really need to be around him? We'll get your boy back for you - you don't need Dumb and Dumber."
Dean caught Cas' eye and nodded, a moment of affectionate warmth flashing in his eyes, before turning back to face Chuck.
Dean was obsessed. He knew he was obsessed, and he drew some comfort from the fact that he could acknowledge his descent into madness. Truly unhinged people had no idea they were behaving like crazy people, so by that logic he couldn't possibly be crazy. He was acutely aware of the ridiculousness of both his behaviour
"You…" Dean took a steadying breath, stroking his hand down Cas' back. "You could have my chest as your pillow every night, you know."
The sky lit up brighter than it had with any of the other flashes of lightning, blindingly bright this time. This was less like a lightning strike and more like a billion watt lightbulb had been switched on in a dark room. Every raindrop lit up in the glare of it, shining translucent and dazzling like billions of tiny diamonds all around them, and as they watched, each and every drop of water froze in the air around them, all at once. They were completely and utterly still, frozen in time like someone had pressed the pause button on a film. As the car crawled down the road, the only thing still moving, each frozen sphere of water broke against the windscreen, the effect making it look like thousands of tiny, shining bullets were hitting the glass.
Dean had followed him, now standing so close to Cas that the former Angel was pressing himself backwards into the door, utterly unable to tear his eyes from Dean’s as they burned into him, seeing everything that Cas was trying to keep hidden.
Spreading Cas' cheeks a little with his thumbs, he then traced one finger lightly down into the cleft. Cas jumped, sucking in a sharp intake of breath, and Dean waited patiently for him to relax again, before he reached for Cas' bottle of lube. The second time Dean did it, he made sure his finger was wet with lube first. Brushing over Cas' unbelievably tight hole, Dean vowed to be patient in
"Are you leaving?" Dean asked stiltedly. "Just so I know. In case I need to prepare Sam. You know what he's like with sudden changes."
"If you're avoiding me, I can fake a headache and go to my room. You shouldn't have to miss out because of me."
"Don't," Dean begged. "Don't pull away from me. Please." He ran his hands over his face and then looked straight at Cas pleadingly. "I need to fix this. I need
"Well you weren't specific." Dean pressed into Cas' back, the heat from his body burning through both sets of clothes as if they weren't even there. Cas could feel everything, just like when Dean had held him in bed, curled around him all night. The memories came flooding back in glorious technicolour.
Dean had picked up Sam around twenty minutes earlier by his count, but he had worked out by now that time wasn't linear or consistent here. They could have been driving for twenty minutes or twenty years and they wouldn't know, and Dean wasn't sure he liked it. He'd tried to explain it to Sam, but Sam had been so excited to see him and tell him about his wife and kid that he had barely taken a breath since he'd sat down. Sam hadn't had verbal diarrhoea this bad since he was a little kid, and Dean was made up to hear him so happy.
Only once Sam and Eileen had disappeared around the corner did Dean retake Cas' arm and pull him towards the bathroom again. Once inside, he started the water running and turned to Cas.
He'd wanted to shock Cas, to make him react, make him run. Instead Cas was staring at him with sympathy on his face. Kindness, sadness, caring.
For someone who continually complained about the cold, Cas' skin was achingly hot. Dean could feel the heat against his fingers, against his palm as he slid his hand down Cas' chest, purposely brushing over a hard, brown nipple as he did. He found Cas' mouth again, wishing he could learn Cas' body with his eyes too but not wanting to pull away from the glorious mouth that had opened so beautifully underneath his.
"I don't think she's doing this out of cruelty. She just wants you to be set free, so you can love her."
“I’ve missed you,” Cas whispered, as if saying it any louder would make it too real, too much like he was saying more.
"I've got an electric blanket," Cas said, then blushed hotly. "Not that I… I mean, it's how I stay warm. I'm not suggesting…" He looked helplessly at Dean, willing him to understand that this wasn't some horribly lame and obvious come-on. Not that Dean ever would have objected to a lame and obvious come-on, those were often the best kinds.
“Where are your kids, Kate?” he asked suddenly. “I’ve never met them, in all the time I’ve known you.”
"Dean…" Cas moaned his name, writhing underneath him impatiently, fighting the strong hands holding him in place, obviously wanting Dean to shut up and get on with it. But Dean had things to say—he'd had things to say for weeks now, and nowhere to let it all out. One-sided texts to a turned off phone could only do so much to relieve the ache in his chest. He needed this. God, he needed this so much.
As depressing as it was for Cas to admit, maybe if that was all it took for Dean to reject him, it was better that it ended now before he'd had chance to get accustomed to the casual affection, to being kissed and held, to feeling loved even though he knew he wasn't and none of it was real. He was a fool to allow himself to get so lost in it and would pay dearly for that mistake, but further down the line, deeper in love, would he have survived this? Maybe it happening now was a blessing in disguise.
"You're panicking," Cas said, and Dean could practically picture his face scrunching up, his forehead wrinkling in thought as he tried to work out what was wrong with his friend. His stupid, drunk friend who didn't know how to cope with wanting to screw his best friend over every piece of furniture in the Bunker.
He kicked off his shoes and placed them neatly in front of Dean's bedside table, before dutifully climbing onto the bed, still wearing his coat.
This life was a sum of all his mistakes. An eternity, billions of years, always thinking that what he was doing was the right thing. He’d followed orders blindly, then one man had taught him to think for himself, to care and fight for what was actually right. Since then, how much of what he’d done was good? If even Dean didn’t want to be around him, what was he doing? He had one life now; one short human life. He needed a new start, away from everything he was before.
to stay?" Cas asked, turning in his seat and pulling his leg underneath him so he could face Dean properly. "Not just for me, not just to help me sleep, but because it's something you want? I don't want to be some charity case for you. Do you actually want to be here with me?"
The urge to close his eyes and lose himself in the song was intense, but he needed Cas to see, needed him to know that every word of this song was for him and him alone. Dean lost himself in the feelings that overwhelmed him, his confident, deep vocals filling the room.
All he actually managed to get out was a strangled groan that may or may not have been taken as an agreement by the unfairly good looking man next to him.
Cas' hands were under Dean's t-shirt, sliding over his skin, wanting to feel every bit of him. Dean pulled back just enough to look him in the eye.
“No!” Dean denied, turning away from Cas to look at his brother, colour draining from his face as he took in the disappointment on Sam's face. “No, Sammy. I didn’t mean to! I…”
The crippling guilt that crawled inside him was quelled almost instantly by a surge of indignant anger. Cas could accuse him of many things, but neglecting his brother's safety was not one of those things!
"I'm going to see if I can gather together some friends - remind him he's got people who give a damn."
"Then you were an idiot, and so was I," Dean smiled softly down at him. "It's always been you, man. Even when you look like a walking, talking doodle!"
At first Dean had been so sure that his constant thoughts of Cas were because everything else was gone from his life. But now they were in danger again, they were in the middle of another ridiculous drama, and
Dean moaned, heat and need pooling in his belly. He'd never wanted anyone more than he wanted Cas—not ever. His entire body burned with it, his mind struggling to hang on to a single coherent thought in its overwhelming chant of,
kiss. Please, Cas." The neediness in his voice felt like a drug, heady and capable of overwhelming every one of Cas' senses, destroying every tiny bit of his restraint.
They'd formed search teams and scoured the area on foot and in the air, until, with a flurry of activity and excitement, one of the groups of people had found what looked like an old camp site. It was abandoned, only the remains of a fire and some buried food scraps serving as any sort of a clue that he'd been there, but it was something—
He raised his eyes towards Heaven, focusing on the underside of the high wooden beams of the barn, now draped in yard upon yard of white silk fabric and sprinkled with thousands of small, twinkling lights. As the morning winter sun shone through the full length windows to fall upon the neat rows of folding wooden chairs, decorated with delicate sprigs of blossom, Dean sent up a silent prayer to Jack, the same one that he'd said or thought a million times before now, and still wasn't sure whether the nephilim could hear him.
"Don't make me wait," Dean moaned, sucking in a sharp breath as Cas' teeth found his pulse point instead and nipped at it. "Need you now, Cas. I've been watching you all night, and
Dean burrowed his face even deeper into Cas’s neck and Cas finally allowed himself to press a kiss into Dean's hair, half hoping he wouldn’t notice.
Cas let his thumb trace over Dean's bottom lip, dragging along it, feeling his warm breath puff out against it.
"I swear I'd cover you in these from top to bottom if I could," Cas panted. "When you're like this I just want to fucking
"Sorry, Mrs Findlay." Dean did his best to look contrite. "My brother is getting married, my parents are back from the dead and I didn't even have time to screw my boyfriend this morning. And have you seen his ass today?"
"Oh, didn't I?" Dean shook his head incredulously, his voice dangerously quiet. "This is fucking insane."
Cas winced and rubbed his cheekbone at the memory. "So you know why I can't come with you. Besides, you and Sam haven't had a night out with just the two of you in months."
"You've seen me undressed before. What's the point of covering up now? It's not like you can unsee my naked body. It's like unwrapping a gift to see what's inside—once you've unwrapped it, you know what it is. However many times someone might re-wrap it again, you'll always know exactly what waits under the paper."
“It doesn’t matter now,” Cas said awkwardly, wanting to give them both an out. "It's done with. We can… We can be friends again. If you want."
It wasn’t the right time, was completely inappropriate and it was utterly reckless. But it felt like with every touch of his lips, Dean was healing the pain he’d felt earlier when he’d thought Cas was betraying him. How could Cas deny him that? How could Cas ever truly deny Dean anything?
Mouths locked together, tongues sliding against each other, Dean reached between them until his fingers found Cas' cock. He couldn't see what he was doing, but he didn't need to. With just his fingertips he traced over him, from his balls to the very tip of his cock, feeling how wet he was with pre-cum already. He thrilled at every shiver and whimper that came from Cas, and then finally Dean wrapped his hand around him.
Dean felt the heat rising to his cheeks and he turned his back on Cas, pulling his damp sweater and t-shirt off as one.
you into trying to kill me?" Dean's hands clenched into fists by his sides, and Cas reached for them, taking them in his. With gentleness that seemed to be in conflict with his anger, Cas started stroking his thumbs over Dean's knuckles, trying to soothe Dean and make him relax them.
“They’re looking at all the boring stuff,” Dean complained. “Like insulation and where plug sockets are. You can bet they won't be doing interesting things, like checking to see if there’s room for a beehive or if there's a kitty door for a really scary looking cat that will terrify all the neighbourhood children.”
"He commanded armies," Donna said with a smirk and turned to elbow Jody in the ribs gleefully. "I love sayin' that. I bet you love sayin' that!"
"Claire!" he turned and greeted her warmly as she stepped into the room. She'd changed since he'd seen her last - less baby faced and stronger, with even more scars that Cas already knew not to offer to heal after the last time she'd bitten his head off for asking.
He cleaned up, used the toilet, brushed his teeth, splashed his face with water and then headed back into the bedroom. Cas passed him on his way back into the room, not seeming to notice that Dean was utterly naked now. He was heading to the bathroom himself, now wrapped in a fluffy blue robe, barely catching Dean's eye.
"Asshole," Dean responded affectionately, and laughed. "I’ll get him drunk later and maybe he’ll forget the whole thing."
"Yeah, well she still hasn't said yes to marrying me, so you might want to put those congratulations on hold. I've been turned down an embarrassing amount of times."
Sam's eyes widened and Dean picked up the first weapon-like object he could see, an antique looking letter opener, the handle carved with symbols.
"You can call yourself God, you can create worlds, you can create humanity, but you can't control the
The voice that had reached his ears was beautiful, gravelly, unbelievably sexy and horrifyingly familiar.
“You know you’ve been like this since Cas was taken,” Sam sighed. “Like you don’t really give a crap about anything. I thought that in all this time you'd have stopped acting like nothing could touch you.”
Dean reached to the side to flick off the pretty green lamp that Cas always put on for them to watch TV and snuggle by, and then he craned his neck to look at Kate.
"Thanks, man," Dean growled. "I love the support! I was fine! I'd been workin' on Baby, but I'd wiped off all the engine grease!"
When Cas opened his eyes back in the Bunker, he realised immediately that his disappearance hadn't gone unnoticed. Earlier, apart from the glow of Dean's bedside lamp and the dim emergency floor lights in the hallway, the place had been in darkness. Now, what surely could only have been five minutes later, every light in the Bunker was on and Cas could hear the familiar sound of Sam and Dean's bickering getting closer and closer.
"You know that I think about you every night as I fall asleep?" Dean gasped, thrusting twice more and then holding Cas' hips firmly in his hands to keep him still. He rolled his own hips in a circle, grinding against Cas slowly, making sure he could feel every single inch of him. "You're the first thing I think about when I open my eyes, the first person I want to talk to whenever anything happens to me, however freakin' small."
"Me too." They had plans to get the kids out of the way the moment they needed to, but Dean didn't like having to worry about them. Then there was the issue of how to stop their friends from interfering. He loved them, but getting involved was what they
"Here ya go, buddy." He handed him the glass. Their eyes met purposefully for a silent conversation that ended in Cas shrugging his shoulders helplessly.
Sam looked closely at his brother, at the anguish on his face and Dean felt more exposed than he ever had been before.
"Come shopping with me?" It came out in a rush, like Dean had suddenly thought of it, but wanted to ask before he could change his mind. "There's a huge furniture store about half an hour from here. If we borrow Garth's van, we could get most of the house sorted. I want you to like how the house looks too."
Chuck cocked his head and looked at Sam and Dean who were quietly arguing at the other side of the room.
"Another?" The waitress asked, not seeming at all perturbed by the state of the hot, sweaty, exhausted looking men who had collapsed at Eileen and Kate's table.
"He would have loved to live here," Dean mused. "Close enough to civilisation, but just far enough away from it. Fishing, swimming, climbing, surrounded by beauty and nature instead of living in a windowless room at the Bunker. The only childhood he had, and it was pretty shit. I should have done better for him."
Dean pulled back to look at Cas, shaking his head incredulously. "Yeah, well whatever her name was, she had a fucking excellent right hook."
If Dean kept singing in his ear like this, like those words were made for him and him alone, Cas was going to turn in his arms and kiss him—kiss him in front of everyone here and he didn't care who saw, didn't care if Dean never talked to him again, because he wanted to to taste those lips again more than he'd ever wanted anything in his life.
"Josh was this… he was great. He was a year older than me, a little less shy about things. He knew nothing about hunting, but he thought I was a Goddamned superhero."
Dean resisted the urge to drop his head to the table and groan out loud. This table would have been perfect for a romantic dinner for two - quiet except for some quiet background music and the hum of voices, distant enough to not be intrusive. It felt intimate, hidden away, safe from the outside world. Dean could say what he wanted and it would be private, he could drink in Cas’ shy smile, his warm eyes, and no one else would see.
Dean had never seen him like this before and it was both overwhelming and such a fucking turn-on to see his Angel without all his steely control so firmly in place.
Cas closed his eyes, still holding Dean's hand under the tap. “Jack, if you’re listening and that was you, could you come down and actually talk to us?”
"Mine." The possessive growl hot in his ear sent shivers through Dean. He was sure he'd said this to Cas before, claimed him as his own and now Cas was claiming him back. They belonged to each other.
Tearing his eyes away, he edged past Dean and quietly pushed open the door to his room. Pulling out his blue and grey striped blanket, his favourite because of how soft it felt against his skin, Cas tiptoed back out of the room and eyed the sleeping man contemplatively.
"Call me stupid Cas, but I don't see much free will in me not having a choice in whether or not we're friends! That's some fucked up logic."
Dean knew what Cas was seeing - the dark purple bruising that covered his side looked worse than it was, but it was still pretty fucking bad. There were a handful of cuts, mostly shallow, but there was one just above his hip that he'd considered stitching up. It was in too awkward a position though, and he certainly wasn't going to ask Sam to do it for him.
"Like that experiment where there is a rat in a cage with two levers. It can only press one lever every hour, food or a zap of electricity straight to the pleasure centre of its little rat brain. The rats all starved to death, but died real happy."
He wrapped his other arm around Cas and pulled him so tightly to him that he was pretty sure he was close to maiming him. Warmth spread through his chest and it was so powerful that just for a moment it took his breath away.
being a forever thing?" he asked. "Because you're it for me, Cas. There's just you, and… and yeah, if you really want it, I can…
Dean came out from behind the counter, but stopped there instead of coming to sit with Cas on the couch.
He hadn't imagined that just Cas' hand on him would feel so unbelievably good, and it was this good because this was Cas.
Kate pulled her phone out of her pocket, tapping quickly on the screen, seeming to be texting someone. Hopefully not to call the military in to start experimenting on him, Cas thought to himself, only partly in jest.
Dean knew Cas didn't like his dad and that was without Cas really knowing how truly shit things had been for him and Sam. If he had known some of the things their dad had done, Dean had a suspicion that Cas would be purposely making his way to Heaven just to punch him. Repeatedly.
him sounding like some mortally wounded animal. He felt detached, floating above his own body, hearing everything, seeing himself on the ground, but feeling none of it.
“Are you gonna be home for the next few days? Cas and I could come visit, take you out to dinner, check out the area for any more weird-ass animals while we’re there?”
"Tell me what to do." Dean licked his lips again, waiting to be told he could take Cas' cock into his mouth, the longing evident in his shallow breaths, in his eyes, in the whimper that escaped his lips when Cas stroked himself so close to his mouth that his cock brushed against Dean's lips over and over again. Still Dean didn't move, didn't do anything except part his lips, ready for Cas.
"Do you know what I was always terrified of? What I always worried about?" he asked Cas, looking across to where Cas had sat next to him, leaving a depressingly respectable distance between them. Maybe it had worked. Maybe Cas was giving up on him. It was about time
As they reentered the living room, Dean tuned into what Cas was saying—in front of Kate—with an increasing sense of horror.
Jack turned to Cas, who instinctively reached out for Dean’s hand, holding it in a tight, bruising grip, moving to stand in front of him. Cas was scared for him, was protecting Dean against something Jack might do. Something was very wrong.
Dean smiled goofily at his phone, glad Sam wasn't around to comment on the sappy look on his face. Cas had sent him a brief message the day before but hadn't been able to call him, so Dean had been like a bear with a sore head all day. Eventually Sam had told him he could sit and grump at 'that fucking plant' instead, and stormed home to Eileen.
Cas nodded, somehow understanding. He reached between them to wrap his hand around both their cocks, letting them slide against each other, both leaking and wet. Then Dean's hand joined Cas' and all at once it was almost too much, yet still not enough. Dean wanted to be inside Cas, possessing him, fucking him. Only being surrounded by him would stop this ache.
"I feel like my food used to taste—like molecules. Do you know that we're all just molecules, Dean? That's all we are! Isn't that wonderful? I'm floating molecules!"
Cas just stared at him in mild alarm as Dean finally reached him, his arms outstretched a bit like a toddler, running to a parent. Thankfully that was where the similarities ended, as suddenly a freezing cold hand cupped his cheek. Cas immediately leaned into it with a smile. He refused to flinch away from Dean's hands, ever. If Dean's touch was fire itself, Cas knew he would have gladly burned away under it.
"Wouldn't you rather wait until we're home, where I can fuck you into my nice soft mattress?" Cas asked. "Instead of against this rough, scratchy wall?" Cas scraped his nails down Dean's back to demonstrate, just in case he'd somehow forgotten what the word 'scratchy' meant. "Or maybe that's
“Is it alright if I hug you?” Cas asked hesitantly, looking down at Dean. He was afraid of the answer, afraid of being pushed away. Before his confession he would have just pulled Dean into his arms, but now everything could be read as something else. Every action could be misconstrued as being more than it was, could be turned into something that could make Dean run, even while he was this distressed. Cas held himself tensely, waiting.
Dean held him for another ten seconds, then loosened his grip. Still not letting go, he guided Cas back to his seat at the table, which Cas was grateful for, as he was feeling very much like he'd just woken up after a very long sleep. Groggy, limbs heavy, he didn't even think about it when Dean reached for his hand under the table and held on tightly.
"We couldn't tell you, Sammy. We weren't sure, and we couldn't tip off Amara before we confirmed it. She's an all-seeing Goddess. We couldn't do anything she might see, and Cas really strongly suspected that she was closely watching me. We needed to push her into revealing herself."
"Not a word to Cas. I don't want to make this harder for him, and if he knows that Chuck might not have been entirely wrong about how I feel about him, it's just going to make this that much harder on him. On both of us."
Cas turned and followed Dean’s voice past a number of bookcases, up some stairs and onto a landing with several doors coming off it. Only two of the doors were standing open, and a quick look into the bathroom told Cas that Dean wasn't hiding behind the large clawed tub in the centre of the room. No, that would be too easy.
When Dean arrived back at the Bunker Garth, Bess and the kids had already gone home, but everyone else was still there, chatting, drinking, reminiscing. He'd already sat out in the car in the garage for thirty minutes in the hopes that his red eyes would become unnoticeable. Sitting there, he'd found himself scrolling through his phone, looking up properties for sale, of all things. Now he stood in the doorway watching them, the people he counted as family.
They moved into the library, where Dean had set up a small table just for this. He'd put out cutlery, salt and pepper, and for one long moment he'd considered a candle, but no, even without Sam's Eyebrows of Judgement, he knew that was stepping out of the Friend Zone with that one.
"Just because of what Chuck said? Does it matter what anyone else thinks, as long as you guys are happy together?"
"I… neither. I'm Sindy, and I don't need to have my future made for me like I'm one half of a moulded plastic pair."
"And secondly-" he picked up the small silver dog that was now on its side on the table. "The dog is mine.
"Yes. I'm just unsure whether or not I'm hungry," Cas explained. "I still have some Grace, and I'm unsure if this feeling is hunger or just anxiety."
"Yes, me too.You have no idea how much. But it's only a matter of time before you pull away again. Either because you find someone else who you can actually be with properly, or because someone reminds you to feel guilty about what we're doing. I can't go through this again. I barely survived it the first time."
"I don't think that's it, Cas," Sam argued as kindly as he could. "Why don't you go and talk to him?"
"I'm still annoyed," she told Cas. "But… don't die again, okay?" She reached out and somewhat awkwardly put her hand on his arm.
The kitchen desperately needed modernising, but it was big space, with beautiful bay windows along the length of two walls which gave a grand view of both the overgrown garden and the lake. These windows were intact, and even though they were in need of a clean, with weeds from the garden fighting to block the light, they lit up the room and gave it a happy, sun-warmed feeling. Cas would have loved for this to have been his home, somewhere he and Jack could have hidden out in, surrounded by nature and away from drama and strife.
"Have you tried the door?" Cas asked abruptly, pushing himself away from the wall, away from Dean, needing the conversation to end. "Do we even need to go inside? I'm guessing Jack has hidden this entire area from Amara."
He was writhing—moaning as his tongue wound around each digit in turn, sucking and licking every bit of Cas' precome from them. It was the most erotic thing he'd experienced in his entire life, and he prided himself on the number of erotic things he'd experienced being pretty damn high, not to mention varied. He couldn't
Claire laughed. "Fine, you got me. Seeing you two so obviously loved up and not daring to come out to us—you and Dean need to see that it's no big deal. Sam and Eileen don't worry about people knowing they're together, so why should you and Dean?"
"It would be incredible," Cas said, his words coming out choked and strange, even to his own ears. It was a future that would suit Dean - he'd always fitted so well into the natural environment that Cas was sure he was never meant to live in an urban setting with all its overcrowding and noise. This was the sort of place he thrived in, the sort of place Cas thrived in. And now Cas would have no part in that future - he couldn't even pretend to himself anymore.
A shiver of apprehension ran through Dean as he eyed the sinister looking barn in front of them. It was undoubtedly a trap - when wasn't it? But he supposed it was as good a way to go out as any. Besides, a few vampire mimes - they'd handled worse than this with their arms literally tied behind their backs. This was nothing. Dean could already practically taste the cold beers he had put in the cool-box on the back seat for later. He and Sam were going to have a few bottles, then maybe find a bar and hustle a few games of pool, just like old times. Maybe he'd do a little flirting, a lot more drinking and see if he could get his brother to get that stick out of his ass and enjoy himself for once.
"What happened little brother? Do you need me to accidentally on purpose kick him in the cojones for you?"
The flash of lightning in the sky above them flashed at exactly the same moment as the rain started falling again. Dean and Cas broke apart and turned to Sam. All three of them pulled their jackets up to shield their heads from the sudden onslaught.
"I will allow you to live," she said. "And I will give you this." She pulled a wrapped bundle from her bag and threw it down onto the grass at his feet. "Then I'm going to disappear and leave you to grieve for your friend. Don't bother to look for any of us—you're not going to find us, but I can't guarantee that the other angels won't kill you when they get tired of your persistence."
After his second change of outfit, Cas was ready to text Sam back to cancel. He'd been forced to buy some new clothes when his Grace had stopped automatically cleaning and repairing his one outfit. He hadn't known what to buy, so had gone for colours that pleased him. Bored of brown, Cas' wardrobe was now a mass of purples, blues, greens, oranges, pinks and reds. Kate had commented that he looked like her children's kindergarten teacher, which hadn't seemed to be an insult, Cas had narrowed his eyes suspiciously, but thanked her.
Feeling Sam and Eileen's stares as he tried to swallow another mouthful of food, he sighed before reluctantly slipping off his stool, abandoning the rest of his pancakes. He stopped at the hot pot of coffee to pour Dean a large mug of it in the faint hope that it might improve his disposition, then dutifully went to find him.
"I don't know if that was more of a dance, or a threesome we just had in the middle of your library," she said breathlessly, her gaze seeming unable to settle on just one of them, eyes darting back and forth between Cas' mouth and Dean's.
"I should head to bed," Dean said, stretching and yawning in an exaggerated manner. Sam ignored him, busy bouncing, humming and counting his pile of Monopoly money like Scrooge on uppers.
"What the fuck, Cas? No! And if you're thinking of trying to make me happy by somehow setting me back up with Lisa, think again!"
you knew, you wouldn't be looking at me with those big, sad angel eyes that are breaking my fucking heart!"
"Did you know what you were doing to me that day?" Cas asked, his voice low. "When you made me promise not to leave you? When you pulled my head back by my hair like that? Did you know how it made me feel to be on my knees in front of you like that? Could you tell how hard I was?"
"You slept for—" Dean looked at his watch, "—twenty eight hours. And ten minutes. I've been checking your pulse to make sure you were still alive. Luckily, what with Kate once being a nurse and all, she gave you a quick once over too, to put my mind at rest. Otherwise, I was actually thinking of waking you up, just to check I still could. You were really out of it, man."
"Oh great. So just me who doesn't know what's going on then? Is it because I don't want to hunt anymore, that you're leaving me out? Or is this some kinky couples sex thing that I don't want to know about?"
Their lips were less than half an inch apart and the intensity in Dean's eyes as he held Cas, his hands in his hair - it made Cas feel sure that he
This time it was Cas who wrapped his arms tighter around Dean. Letting out a long huff of frustration, Cas pressed their foreheads together.
Dean pulled back, his eyes searching Cas’ face wordlessly for more than a minute, watching as Cas trembled in his arms, half wishing he could hide, but refusing to look away as if he had something to be ashamed of.
. But then after their talk at Christmas, I think Dean has been better? So if she's actually helping, maybe I was wrong?"
“Then talk,” Dean shrugged, gesturing to his lapful of Cas, who was already pretty close to being asleep. It wasn’t like he could wander out into the hallway to talk to her.
a room," Dean muttered darkly. Then he perked up. "You know, if we lived together we could do fun shit like this all the time."
, and Kate was riding high on whatever it was that was happening between him and Dean, caught up in the middle of it all.
“What’s wrong?” Cas asked, stepping closer and reaching out to put his hand on Dean’s back. Before he could, Dean turned to face him and Cas let his hand keep going up until he was running his fingers through his own hair, pretending he was never reaching for Dean.
"Thank you for your help, Sam," Cas said sincerely, and Dean wandered over to pick up his phone. What had started out as a hypothetical date had turned into a hypothetical date… with food. He could definitely go with that.
"You're a freakin' ice cube—no circulation at all. And for the record, in bed your feet are like fucking blocks of ice."
Cas nodded. Not one missed phone call, even though Cas had stopped himself blocking his number. Eileen reached for his hand and squeezed it reassuringly, before letting go and slipping off her stool, disappearing into the crowd, presumably to either use the toilets or get more drinks.
Dean choked on his coffee and Cas sighed, rubbing his back, which thinking about it, probably didn't help with her assumption.
He walked over to the sofa on suddenly weak legs. “Cas, you’ve gotta believe me. You saw me push her away, right? Cas?”
They were both too far gone to draw this out much longer. It was as if their foreplay had lasted for years and they had been on the edge of this the entire time. When he broke their kiss, for one single moment they stared at each other, pupils blown, lips parted and swollen, hair mussed and the feeling that was blooming in Dean's chest blocked his throat.
The sky, which moments ago had been clear and blue, had gathered thick, ominous black clouds at such a speed that it was like turning day to night, like flicking a light switch. Dean peered up into the semi-darkness, and decided that he really wasn’t sure about Heaven. It was unpredictable, the timeline was just fucked up, and the people who were meant to give a damn about him had turned into dicks who couldn’t care less. Fuck Heaven. This was shit.
"We're celebrating!" Eileen signed to Cas, holding out her hand for him to see. A beautiful diamond sparkled in the light, simple, elegant and stunning.
Finally they broke apart, and Cas trailed his kisses away from Dean’s mouth, following the column of his throat. He debated whether or not Dean would really mind if he ripped apart the neck of his t-shirt to get further down, to get to the skin he so desperately wanted to taste.
"And I'm your waiter for the evening. Keep up!" Sam was starting to look like he was starting to regret coming over at all.
"Yeah, I get that," Cas agreed. "The one experience I had of sex didn't exactly leave me rushing to do it again, and I've never had a pleasant experience of being restrained."
more to talk about anyway, don't we dear?" Rowena smiled at Dean then turned her amused glance back to Kate. ‘Come. Let’s go and chat about boys. And secrets. And more about your cleavage. Not necessarily in that order.’
Dean's hand was on Cas' hip, sliding up and under his t-shirt, finally touching scorching hot bare skin, but the sound of Kate stomping towards the door in her heavy black boots brought them both back to the present. She stopped with her hand on the door handle.
"Talking about your feelings never really has been your thing though," Sam said. "So it’s harder for you to understand. I've considered seeing someone before. We've led really screwed up lives, Dean."
“I'm staying here,” Claire argued. “If you’re trying to shield me from a fight, I’ve seen worse and I’ve done worse. We both have.”
Before Dean could do it, before the words could leave his mouth, Sam broke Dean out of his Cas induced trance by leaping up into the stage in one long-legged bound. His brother reached for the microphone and Dean didn't know if he was angry or glad to let him take it.
"You just don't want me to recite any more of Balthazar's poetry," Cas sighed. "It's actually quite clever."
"I don't really wear them, so I only have a couple of pairs, and they always end up at the bottom of the laundry basket. Um… I could lend you a t-shirt and some boxers? I've just got some colorful ones with pictures on them."
“Turns out my recovery time is zero when you’re naked and on top of me,” Dean shrugged unapologetically. "Go figure."
She took Dean's order and threw a wink at Cas that made Dean want to throw the leftover bread rolls at her. When she paused to tell Cas about her new placement as a counselor at a children’s home, Dean didn’t hear any of her words. He watched Cas light up as he talked to her, the smile on his face utterly captivating, and Dean couldn’t tear his eyes from it. He’d noticed - he’d known Cas was attractive. He’d even known he was attracted
He pulled out his phone, scrolling for the right number and then waited for the dispatcher to pick up. Kate was going home and if he had his way she would be staying the hell away from them both until she'd got a fucking grip.
“I should let you sleep,” Cas said, softly. “I’m keeping you up and aren’t you going with Sam and Eileen to have another look at what's needed for the house?”
Dean pushed across the plate of perfectly browned French toast, complete with its mouth-wateringly exquisite pile of crispy bacon, gesturing to a warm jug of syrup. Cas' mouth watered.
He didn't hear the word so much as he felt it vibrate through him. Cas' eyes flew open and he recoiled in horror, instantly disgusted at himself for what he'd nearly done. What kind of monster was he, preying on his friend while he slept?
"Aww! Sweet!" Chuck crooned from his seat at the dining table. "Maybe I was wrong? I mean if Castiel can sully himself with someone like you, who am I to argue that it's heinous? Why don't you two get a room and just get on with it? Some angry sex would do Castiel the world of good - knock that stick right out of his ass, if you know what I mean.”
like this. His mouth wasn’t being kissed, it was being seduced. Every slide of Dean’s tongue against his, every flick and lick, every caress, every deliberate, teasing moment was driving him higher and higher. All there was was Dean - his smell, his touch, his small, needy moans that sounded so pornographic to Cas’ ears that they felt like they were the most sinful thing Cas had ever heard.
of the Deans from falling in love with their Castiels? Not a single one of them - I didn't even bother to try after the first few. Every story needs a sad, unrequited love story to give the audience something to cling on to, and that was yours. If you think how you feel about him is unique, it's not. Your soft, human heart fell for Castiel in every single world I created. You had no control over that."
Cas flinched as if he’d been hit, but he wasn’t sure why. He tried not to think about why he didn’t sleep
The love that Cas had once hidden was shining from him. He was so used to hiding it that for weeks it had been second nature, but right now it was there for everyone to see, a declaration in the heat in his eyes, in the quirk of his lips, in his complete and utter undivided attention.
"Are you feeling unwell?" Cas put his drink down on the coffee table to feel Dean's forehead. "You don't feel especially hot."
"Don't. That's my job," Dean admonished gently, sliding his hands into Cas' hair and bending his head down to rescue Cas' poor, tortured lip. He kissed Cas until he melted into him, lathing his tortured lip, soothing it with his tongue until Cas was clinging to his shoulders like he was a drowning man and Dean was the only solid ground left on earth.
As Jack was speaking, Cas had pulled Dean closer to him and although Dean wasn’t sure what was about to happen, he tensed by his side.
Kate was still talking, and Dean blinked, trying to focus. He was so damn tired, and so damn tired of
had been a bit of an unfounded nickname for him - human Cas was a decent enough fighter. A master strategist, and he had the moves and the reflexes besides, but without the inhuman strength he was half as effective as he used to be. Most importantly, whether he was human or angel Cas didn't seem to be capable of
and begging me to help him. His face was such a fucking mess - blood bubbling out of his fucking nose. My dad didn't need to go for his face like he did - wanted to spoil his pretty boy looks, he said."
Resigning himself to one more night of Monopoly Hell, Dean had brought the dog counter back to the table, but flat out refused to let Sam use it. Cas looked like he was enjoying himself, the awkwardness of the past few days seemingly forgotten. Every now and again he would look at Dean and his eyes would crinkle in that way that made Dean ache to reach out and take his hand.
"I'm going to do exactly the opposite of what I did last time I was human," he informed Sam, taking a plate of pancakes from him and sniffing them gingerly. He had loved food last time he was human, to the point where he was absolutely sure that, if left to his own devices, he would have become very round very quickly. Having a human sense of taste again would be a benefit that could almost outweigh the several hundred downsides, but as always with human pleasures there was a fine line between Heaven and Hell.
Cas' movements were jerky, every muscle seeming to be wound painfully tight. Tiny sounds were escaping his throat; whimpers, gasps, half formed words that Cas wasn't even sure were English.
He'd never been like this over someone, and the point now was that he had to ignore how he felt entirely, so they could be friends again. But it was like all of a sudden he'd forgotten what it was like to have an actual friend—forgotten what it was like to hold a normal conversation that wasn't punctuated with touches and kisses. They'd been 'together' for no time at all, yet Dean had become inept and conversationally clumsy, constantly second guessing himself. And this wasn't him, he wasn't like this! When he wanted something, he went for it. Wanting something and going out of his way not to have it just went against everything that he was.
"Hey Cas, do you fancy coming to look at this house with us on Monday?" Eileen asked, obviously trying to change the subject and quell the bickering. Sam’s face immediately lit up in excitement and as much as Dean had to admit that he was feeling a bit left behind, seeing Sam so excited was just awesome.
"He's gone for a drive," Eileen explained, grabbing a fork and digging into a waffle. “He wouldn’t talk to me. I think he went looking for Cas.”
"Yep," Dean agreed, not caring about it anymore, not now Cas was this close. He closed his eyes and buried his nose in Cas' hair. Even with the bitter wind whipping around their legs, people walking past, neither of them looking up - this was safe. This was right. That didn't have to mean anything, did it? It didn't have to be dangerous - it was just one friend comforting another.
"Your safe word is Geronimo," he told Dean, and then pushed past his lips into his eagerly waiting mouth.
The hope was still there, wavering but strong. He felt like an asshole for crushing it, but it would have been worse to just let her keep thinking that something could happen between them.
"That was the television you heard," Cas said slowly and clearly, willing Dean to understand what he
"A little prematurely," Eileen said with affectionate exasperation that seemed to be her go-to emotion a lot of time when she talked about Sam.
"As you wish," Cas murmured, getting up and retrieving his toothbrush from the discarded cup on the floor, apparently just accepting that Dean had kept it there, just waiting for him to use it again.
Taking a fistful of Dean’s T-shirt in his hand, he pushed the words past the lump in his throat. "I am the
am the damn dog! Me! You're the iron!" He dropped the dog piece into his pocket and glowered at Sam like he had committed a heinous crime. Then without waiting for a response, Dean pulled Cas the rest of the way over to the table.
“What was over? Our friendship? Because it didn’t feel very fucking over to me. Did it feel like it to you?” In his frustration, Dean's voice had raised even more and it was loud enough to have the only other table of customers looking over at them. Cas winced and threw a glance at Kate, who was studiously looking away, pretending not to be listening, looking anxious.
Dean pulled on his coat, turning up his collar against the crisp night air that he knew would hit him as he stepped into the street.
Kate worked part time at the restaurant as she studied for her psychology degree. She had befriended Cas the moment she had realised how lonely he was - she admitted to always having to rescue strays, which Cas had found mildly offensive, but wasn't in a position to argue. He very much
"I swear if I could still knock you out with a touch…" Cas muttered. The threat wasn't made quite under his breath enough and Dean heard it, stifling a snort of amusement behind his hand. Apparently, having seen Cas naked had made Dean even more immune to his threats.
"Your assistance is very much appreciated, Dean," Cas grumbled sarcastically. He called him some choice Enochian insults in his head, but it didn’t make him feel any better.
"I even brought you some mood lighting," Sam called, pulling a candle out of his pocket. He pressed it into its holder and lit it with a flourish. "
Eileen and Kate glanced at each other and simultaneously pulled several shopping bags out from under their seats.
He swore under his breath, guilt churning inside him as he took in the look on her face, open and vulnerable, with just enough hope in her eyes that this felt like kicking a damned puppy.
Dean swallowed. Years of hinting and flirting, years of it all being hidden, of them never quite putting the s-e-x in subtext - maybe it was time to just say it?
"I'm here for you," Cas promised, leaning close enough that his hot breath tickled Dean's ear and made him shudder involuntarily. "I want to make your life better, not harder. So any choices you make are okay, Dean. I'll understand and support you whatever you need to do, even if that means me stepping back."
"I don't know what's wrong with me." Dean scrubbed over his face with his free hand. "I sing in front of hundreds of people every week. I try to sing to someone I actually give a damn about and I feel like I'm so fucking exposed."
"Okay," Cas said, clearing his throat. "There have been a few times, but the time that Dean is referring to was when I annoyed an ancient cosmic being so much that it threw me out and sent me back to Earth."
"I am," Cas answered, picking his and Dean's towels off the floor and putting them into the laundry basket. "I wish we were seeing our friends under simpler, safer circumstances though."
Kate let out a frustrated breath. "I can see that, but if you think you're going to just throw all this shit at me and then send me home,  then you really don't know me. I can't believe, if this is all true, that you've been lying to me all this time, Cas. That's not friendship."
"I swear that you were only put on this Earth to be a massive pain in my ass." He grabbed a handful of popcorn from the bag that Dean was offering him. “And I’m staying on top of the covers!”
The only light was coming from a single old-fashioned paraffin lamp in the middle of the room. Its flame flickered and cast shadows as Dean paced, but still burned strong enough to fill most of the room in what in any other circumstances would have been a comforting yellow glow. Eyeing the clear liquid through the almost opaque glass, Cas estimated that they had maybe two hours of light left—three at a push.
Dean felt a definite fluttering in his chest. "So you're a fan of the kissing?" he asked, feeling an odd mix of shy and smug. Knowing Cas was liking doing this with him was like a drug that drove him higher and higher all the time. He was giddy with it. They should have done this
"You only just got us these ones." Cas held up his untouched beer and indicated to his almost full, sparkling gold glass of champagne.
Cas tipped his head back to drink his beer and Dean took a few seconds to look at him while he wasn't able to stare straight back. He was wearing faded jeans and a shirt that was fastened way too high, which in itself had distracted the hell out of Dean, who wanted to do nothing more than unbutton it for him. It was far too high on his neck, far too tight. It couldn't be comfortable. He was thinking of Cas' comfort here.
"Place looks like it's been abandoned for a good while," Dean said, making his way to the gate at the front of the house and pushing it open with an ear piercing creak. "Looks like it was stunning in its day though."
Two hours later, everyone was sitting at the table, drinking eggnog that was decidedly more rum than anything else by that point. Cas and Dean had slowly gravitated towards each other and had somehow ended up with their chairs so close together that they were leaning against each other, shoulder to shoulder. If anyone noticed, they didn’t say anything.
, talking to him. Cas backed out of the room, not even noticing what he was doing until his back hit the wall. He looked at Dean, met his red-rimmed eyes and then he ran.
"Are we at the coordinates?" Cas asked, trying not to watch Dean's face as he gazed at the waterfall sparkling in a small patch of sunlight.
The bar wasn't busy, and that meant that both of the two pool tables were free. Cas, ever thoughtful, pulled Kate over to the one in the corner, giving Sam and Dean space to talk, and leaving them both free to play their 'A' game without feeling guilty about slaughtering the two amateurs.
As he came out of the bedroom, Dean caught his arm. "No, but you do look pretty damn nervous for someone who's just gonna be sleeping. I promise you, you're safe with me. Nothing will happen—I won't even peek at you while you're changing, I swear. This is meant to be about
it was heavenly first thing in the morning. For someone who hadn't had a home for most of his childhood, Dean really knew how to create one of his own as an adult. The rapidly changing Lake House was testament to that.
"Okay, on your knees." He helped to pull Cas up, revelling in the dazed look in his eyes; his uncoordinated movements, limbs sluggish and heavy; the way he looked hungrily at Dean; the way his cock jumped in his hand when he traced his fingers over it. Maybe if Cas' cock wasn't right next to his face, he'd be less tempted to use his mouth on him, because right now his willpower was absolutely shot.
Cas smiled at him, then with one last squeeze, he took his hand away so he could use his knife to slice through the syrup soaked toast. He didn't feel quite right, but then he supposed that was what sleeping for well over a day would do to a basically human body.
"Now it's just us girls," Chuck said in a conspiratorial tone, punctuated by a rattling intake of breath. "When did you fall in love with Dean? When did you succumb to the human weakness that I didn't program into you? When did it all go wrong?"
"I see." Cas didn't see, and if he didn't concentrate hard, he was going to be sick in Dean's precious car. Part of him thought Dean sort of deserved that right now.
"Why aren't you jealous?" she asked curiously. "If the man I loved was with someone else I'd be eaten up by it."
The feel of Cas in his mouth was incredible. His lips stretched over him, the weight of him on his tongue, the way Cas' entire body jerked in pleasure when his cock hit the roof of his mouth. Dean hummed in pleasure and Cas let out a strangled cry.
There was an awkward silence and Dean pictured him tied to that chair, the blade in his belly. His first experience of sex hadn't gone well. Had that been enough to put him off? It would certainly have made
This bunker had been the closest thing to a home that Cas had ever had. In Heaven he'd been a soldier and had lived in the Garrison, but he'd never had a space of his own within it. This place was different - it was relatively safe, it was where almost everyone he cared about lived and it was where some of his most happy memories came from. This bedroom wasn't always just his, but it was his when he was there, when he needed it. The water pressure in the shower was good, which was something he could appreciate again now he would have to start showering again; the library was extensive and both Sam and Dean were reasonably inoffensive housemates, if you didn't count the smells Sam made that he always seemed so proud of. Luckily Eileen's presence had caused Sam to put a metaphorical cork in it. At least Cas hoped it was metaphorical - with the Winchester brothers, who ever knew? Either way, it was as good a reason as any to encourage Sam to have his girlfriend around more.
Dean pulled off his coat and gave the heating an extra blast, not that it really made much of a difference. The security and technology here was insane, but of all the things the Bunker could do, somehow they hadn’t managed to work out how to keep the place warm.
The clock on the wall ticked away the seconds, then the minutes, until Dean got so antsy that he had to get up and move around. He padded into the kitchen, his socks sliding on the polished lino then filled a cup with water and half skated back into the main part of the room.
while humming to himself tunelessly the entire time. Cas was attempting to meditate, in a slightly desperate attempt to avoid murdering the man he loved.
"Tell me you don't feel this?" Dean whispered hoarsely in his ear. "Tell me that this doesn't do the same to you as it does to me, and I'll walk away, Cas. I'll walk away and never push like this again, never even mention it again."
"I don't think my body even counts as a vessel anymore," Cas said. "It has been rebuilt and re-made for me so many times that I think it's just… me now."
Taking the room in two long strides, Dean was in front of him, so close that Cas could smell him, even above the savory smell of slowly crisping bacon. He realised that Dean must have showered here, using Cas’ newest toiletries. Dean had been right—they did make a person smell edible, like pie but somehow sexy all at the same time. He laughed out loud. Maybe he’d spent too much time around Dean if he was using the words pie and sexy in the same sentence.
"You know, jealousy does not become you. Meg is in Hell," Cas murmured almost sleepily, as if closing his eyes had made him tired. Dean knew he was faking it - he didn't need to sleep.
The fingers that were clutching onto Dean’s shirt were clenching and unclenching over and over again.
"We can choose to 'light up' our nerve endings, if that makes sense? Angels can feel intense pleasure and sex can last for days when we use our Grace."
Patience disappeared into the hallway with Eileen and Garth. Cas turned back to Dean - having no idea how to stop this, but knowing he had to do
Dean was actually laughing a lot lately, over things that Cas was absolutely sure weren't actually funny. It kept Cas watching him constantly, because every time that smile broke on Dean's face, Cas felt warmth hit him, like the sun had come out from behind a cloud. Dean was singing in the morning as he made breakfast for them, randomly grabbing Cas by the waist and spinning them around his small apartment, smiling for absolutely no reason at all. He was alight with happiness, and after a month of it, Cas was finally starting to trust that it wasn't going to just disappear on him.
The sun streamed down, unusually warm for late November, and it made the skin of Dean's face appear warm and bright. The man practically fucking glowed, and Cas wanted to kick him in the shin for it. He took a moment to consider that all his breakups had been with Dean, whether Dean knew it or not, and Cas had handled none of them with quite the level of grace he would have liked.
He listened to the sound of Cas changing position and he tried to picture him. What was Cas wearing to bed? Was he actually naked? Was it really all that wrong if he asked?
He had to admit that getting a couple of nights here had been a decent idea of Sam’s. Dean had played before - occasionally for cash, but usually just to pay off bar tabs rather than for any tangible form of payment. It usually took him a couple of songs to warm up and feel comfortable, but once he had he loved the way it made him feel to stand up there, belting out the lyrics to a song he really liked. And yeah, in the past he had used to use it as a way to get laid - being in the band tended to triple a guy’s sex appeal.
“Hey. Look at me,” Cas said, his voice not quite steady. He waited until Dean had lifted his head to meet his eyes. “I want you so much that I can’t keep my hands steady when I touch you—I shake, Dean. I want you so much that I’ve been afraid to let myself let go, in case I lose myself so completely I can never find a way back. I want you so much that I’m prepared to give you everything—all of me, for as long as you want it, for as long as you want
"And that's great," Cas said. "It's added a whole new dimension to our friendship that I didn't realise we could have. But you're continually panicking about it and I truly don't understand why. It's like whenever you're happy, you sabotage everything, before someone else can do it for you."
I also want to say thank you to everyone who has stuck with me through my disappearing act. I really appreciate that you didn't give up on me ❤️
Sam strode over to the kitchen table, depositing one of the plates and uncovering it to reveal a perfect slice of lasagne, oozing with melted cheese. Dean involuntarily took a step forwards towards the food that was making his stomach rumble.
"Don't be. You were honest from the start and I made decisions without thinking them through. It's done now and we need to move on."
come back from this. He was never going to just walk away unscathed. He wasn't just playing with fire, he was dancing in it, bathing in it, begging it to consume him, revelling in it.
"Thank you, Dean," Cas said serenely. "We've got a deadline, so I'm going to allow you to hold my hand as we walk to the restaurant."
"Cas, I know we weren't going to have sex, and then that happened, but if you pull away from me and run over this, I swear I'm going to sit on you, and keep sitting on you. You can't fucking run away with my ass parked on you at all times."
"Nothing that you'd count," he hedged, "and never that snuggling on the sofa, sharing worries at 3am sort of relationship."
Dean took a breath and let it out slowly. The shouting in his head had gone completely silent the moment Cas had taken his hands in his. How did he do that?
of them." He let his gaze drop to Dean's mouth, only bringing it back up when he heard Dean swear softly under his breath.
. Do you remember how you felt when Chuck locked you away? How he made you feel so fucking helpless? That's what you're doing to Jack. I know it's your family's way of doing things, but it doesn't have to be."
"If you're not talking at all, surely you've got nothing to lose now if you try to work things out? What's the worst that could happen?"
you, when you were talking to your brothers. I know you want a family and a partner, and… and kids. Don't deny it, Cas."
There was a long silence where Cas just watched Dean staring at his own feet. He should go. He needed to go. What was he waiting for?
"I'd been prepared for his stubbornness and fury, but no one had prepared me for his kindness, his humanity. All the things I'd hoped you would be,
Cas pulled back to look up at him and Dean was gratified to see that Cas was currently looking as wrecked by this as he was feeling. His eyes were heavy lidded and unfocused, his lips still looking kiss-swollen, despite the fact that it had been hours since Dean had kissed them.
Dean stopped struggling with his clothes, falling obediently still under Cas. His jeans and boxers were stripped off quickly and efficiently. Cas seemed to have much more coordination than Dean in that moment. His t-shirt and flannel were then pushed up towards his head, and Dean scrabbled to wriggle out of them quickly, until finally he was naked on Cas’ bed, his bare back against the cool cover of the comforter, all of him exposed and offered up.
Dean hastily pulled his t-shirt off, groaning at the way Cas immediately latched onto his nipple with his mouth, licking, sucking, scraping his teeth against it. He cradled Cas' head against his chest, encouraging him with little incoherent mumbles of praise.
Cas ignored him pointedly, shuffling and adjusting his shoulders to get comfortable against the corner of the pillows, as he balanced on the very edge of the bed.
Cas looked helplessly at Dean. He didn't want him to go. He never wanted him to go and Dean knew it.
“Cas isn’t like that. He's our friend. He cares about us! The amount of times he risked his life, gave everything...” Sam was so sure of Cas and Dean wished he had his faith, but he'd learned the hard way that you couldn't rely on anybody.
"No offence Cas, but how would you know? You're not exactly drawing on a wealth of experience here."
“This is how touch feels when I’m connected to Heaven,” Cas said, tracing his fingers down Dean’s arm. “Sort of numb. It’s not like this anymore - it's all buzzing impulses and constant stimulation.”
Under other circumstances, said inoffensive housemate wouldn't be looking at Cas like he was something Miracle had left on the sitting-room rug.
"Last time I was in hiding I played Blackjack and had porn stars," Gabriel complained. "I don't suppose…?"
Amara smiled. "Sometimes it's good to help things along a bit. Be glad I don't just snap you out of existence."
"I know you, Dean. More importantly, I trust you. I would be completely confident putting you entirely in charge, giving you complete control of my body, submitting to your will. I know you would never push me fur-"
Cas never got to study him like this, so utterly unobserved. It felt wrong, but so freeing to just be able to
Dean was watching him through narrowed eyes, the entirety of his beautiful face screwed up in absolute confusion.
Dean glanced over at Eileen with a wince at the mere thought of how she would have eviscerated him if he'd actually screwed with the seating plan. Eileen was glorious when she was angry… with someone else. Her glare being directed at him was something he worked hard to avoid. She truly was an amazing woman and Sammy was well and truly punching above his weight.
“Sam, this is Heaven. It's meant to be calm and happy and shit. Are you really going to come here and nag at me?”
Suspicion was etched in every line on his face, in the twitching muscle in his jaw, in his tense, hunched shoulders.
that what we had meant something to me. How can you think it didn't?" It was all he could do to choke the words out.
"The movie," Cas ground out, "with the woman who wasn't considered attractive to a socially acceptable standard, even though all that they seemed to do to 'fix' her was make her less hairy."
He would have lectured Cas on using up his dregs of Grace on something as petty as slamming a door, but he was too busy being torn between being proud, and being absolutely fucking terrified of what Cas would say next. The silence stretched on, and eventually Dean couldn’t stay silent.
Cas nodded. It didn’t take much to get him drunk now his Grace was running on empty, but this wasn’t a stone cold sober sort of conversation he was about to have. He needed to stay in control, detached, calm and not let this turn into another argument and alcohol usually had a tendency to make him feel blessedly numb.
"Got it?" he asked, feeling oddly embarrassed, despite Cas having seen him naked hundreds of times before.
"Yeah." Sam tried not to think of whether Dean would have been a good dad or not. There was no point now, was there? He would have been an awesome hands-on uncle though, he decided. Sam had imagined him there so often over the years that he could actually picture them playing together - - playing ball, teaching his nephew to drive, talking to him about girls. In Sam's head, his brother had been there with them every day.
Dean's hips were pressing Cas into the counter before Dean was even conscious that he'd moved. Their lips crashed together as if they'd been apart for months, not minutes and Dean marvelled again that this was
Dean smelled of freshly applied aftershave and the familiar cedar smelling body wash he’d used ever since Cas had first met him all these years ago. The subtle scent that was so very Dean surrounded Cas and even with his diminished senses, it was doing things to him that no mere smell should.
Dean choked on the large bite of burger he had just taken. Wondering if this was the new way he was going to die, he bent double, trying to dislodge the food from his airway, while still staring at Cas in wide-eyed amusement.
the heat. It was like sliding into the most amazing hot bath of his life, but better. A million times better.
"And you're overdressed." Dean indicated to Cas' pyjama bottoms like they were a personal affront to him.
Dean's fingers dug into Cas' hip and with one hand, he pulled him hard against him. Almost immediately heat pooled in Cas' belly at the feeling of Dean, so obviously aroused, purposely pressing into him with an almost imperceptible thrust of his hips. He looked down at Cas, and smirked. Cas’ mouth went dry.
“I don’t even know how I would do that, and I don’t think it would help us with being just friends.”
Dean eyed him seriously, arms folded across his chest in a posture that Cas knew meant he was feeling defensive. Kate was prying.
Kate handed her unlocked phone to him with a sympathetic half grimace and Cas dropped onto the sofa to read her messages.
"Go away! Fuck off! Leave! Don't ever come near me again!" Dean was screaming so loudly that Amara flinched away from him—the Goddess of all things had flinched, and for one furious moment it felt good to scare her, good to finally have the power to make someone who had such control over his life fear him. He wanted her to hurt as much as he was hurting right now. He wanted everyone to hurt, the world to fucking
“Sam and I tried everything to get to you,” Dean continued. Now he’d opened up, it seemed like he couldn’t stop. “I tried to bribe, blackmail and threaten Demons and Reapers into stepping just a single foot into the Empty to try to reach you, but no one would come near us after we’d defeated Chuck.”
Cas was infinitely sure that clubbing was not one of the joys that this world had to offer. Sweaty bodies writhing, loud music that was all beat and no melody, Cas was really starting to regret letting Kate and Eileen talk him into this.
He wanted to last longer, and truly he had no idea how long he was fucking Cas like that for. He'd lost all sense of time and when he felt the familiar tightening, he bent his head to find Cas' nipples, scraping the stubble of his chin over each sensitive nub each of them before doing the same with his teeth, Dean's heart pounded as Cas thrashed and writhed underneath him, moan after moan spilling from his lips. Dean's weight on Cas' hands and the press of his hips was all that kept him in place on the bed.
Dean had sat back down next to him, closing the space between them to the point where Cas wondered if he had been aiming to drop himself in Cas' lap and had just missed. Their sides were plastered together, so much so that he had watched Dean transfer his coffee into his other hand to drink it, completely unable to move that arm as far as his lips.
What the fuck was he doing? His dad hadn’t changed at all. No end-of-life clarity. No remorse. Dean frowned, why had he even thought that would be the case? This was John Winchester he was dealing with. Even death couldn’t change him and he’d been a fucking idiot to think otherwise. Of course he’d be trying to control the narrative of his eldest son’s life behind his back, safe in his narcissistic conviction that he knew better than Dean himself what was good for him. He turned back in disgust, aimed more at himself than his father, for being such a fool as to believe change had even been possible for their family.
"It's been way too long, sweetheart." He held the phone tightly to his face, cradling it, wishing more than anything that he could be feeling Cas' hand on his cheek instead.
"This is awkward, isn't it?" Cas asked with a sigh. "Do you think it's because it's so manufactured?"
Dean said his goodbyes and then dropped his phone on the bed next to him. He eyed his now deflated cock.
"It's not," he denied immediately. "It's just so fucking lonely here, Cas. And I can't switch off - hunting helps me to stop thinking."
If his desperate moan and full body shudder was any indication, Dean wanted that too. Cas was lost. The warm skin under his mouth, under his fingers - it was everything. The taste of it, the smell of Dean, it all filled his senses completely. Every flinch of Dean’s, every quiet gasp. He made his way down his chest again and let his mouth graze against one of Dean’s hard nipples, loving the way Dean’s fingers tightened in his hair as he sucked in a breath.
Any moment now, Cas would get off his lap and leave him. He should. He absolutely fucking should. Dean would tell him to, if he wasn't such an abject coward, if he wasn't so selfish that he was hanging on to every second he had left of having Cas in his arms.
The restaurant would normally have been fifteen minutes away from the Bunker when walking normally, but Dean hadn't been walking normally, and by the time Cas had finally caught up to him he was almost at the entrance.
Dean looked at Cas again. He knew he wasn’t good enough for him, knew that whatever simple life he had that he wanted to share with Cas wasn’t enough for him, when his purpose had always been something higher, something great. But Dean loved him, and Cas truly loved him back. He wasn’t prepared to let go of that unless Cas told him himself that was what he wanted. He was past assuming he knew what was better for Cas than Cas himself did.
Dean's own phone buzzed and Sam snatched his phone back out of Dean's hand with a half hearted glare.
"You changed the programme when you defeated God and won your freedom! You can live your own lives now, the way you want. No Demons, no monsters, no Angels."
It didn't take them long to find a long expanse of untouched snow, back from the high street and the bustle of people who had no time for trudging. Dean, who had been curiously quiet and withdrawn for the rest of their walk, immediately tackled Cas into the deep snow, half burying him.
"What do you think I told her?" Cas asked, wondering if Dean really had to ask. Surely he knew Cas had got the point? He didn't need to test him. He wasn't going to become one of those women that Dean had dumped who called and called, even when they knew it was over. However much he felt like he was one of them sometimes.
Dean nodded and took Cas' beer out of his hand, taking a long drink before handing it back. He made sure their fingers brushed lightly as he did.
"Cas! You're awake!" She threw her arms around him for a quick hug. "I came to check on you, and brought some of my old medical bits and bobs to assess you a bit better—the wine is more for Dean! He could have told me you were okay. I’ve been really worried!" She turned an accusing glare on Dean.
“Sorry, just stretching,” Dean said casually, in direct contrast to the much more intense look in his eyes.
“Cas, you’re shaking,” Dean observed gently, his voice suddenly full of empathy. He reached down and grabbed one of Cas' trembling hands, trapping it between his own palms. Cas pulled his hand back defensively, barely able to stop himself from squirming away entirely. Dean couldn’t see inside his head like this - he wasn't
"You don't get it," Dean said, plunging his hands into too hot water to wash the dishes, appreciating the distraction of the sting the water caused as it reached the split skin of his knuckles. "I don't get a happily ever after. I don't get to fall in love and have babies and grow old with… with
Dean pulled back then, his eyes dark, glinting with something Cas couldn't quite read. There was a sharpness in them that Cas was baffled that Dean was still capable of. Cas could barely speak in sentences when they were this close.
"Dean..." Cas shouldn't have said it - he had been trying to be clever, trying to make a point, but he hadn't realised how Dean would take it to heart. Dean was anything but a monster.
Dean gave a half hearted smirk, but it wasn't real. He could feel Cas watching him as he pretended to be fascinated with the food he was moving around on his plate. Their newfound truce, fledgling friendship, whatever they wanted to call it - it was fragile and neither one of them felt secure in it, despite their promises. Every cross word felt like a risk right now and he’d probably ruined their truce in one single meal.
Dean's eyes narrowed and he folded his arms, moving to stand next to Cas in a gesture of solidarity. His shoulder pressing against Cas' made Cas feel immediately much less alone.
“Tell me the day will get better?” he pleaded, noticing the longer than usual stubble, the sleep-mussed hair and the awesome ‘just fucked-ness’ of him.
With every brush of Cas' thumb, every time he heard the rumble of his voice, or sensed him shifting in his seat, Dean ached to be closer to him. He got through the rest of the film by sheer, stubborn determination alone, but that was all the rest of them were getting. He would spend time with his brother later, maybe in a week when he finally let Cas out of his bed, but certainly not before.
It was like a gunshot straight to the heart. Cas almost gave in, and he felt his body swaying towards Dean, betraying him silently. But he couldn't do this. He knew he couldn't do this.
"If you guys ever wanted to… you know, announce something similar… you do realise that you'd get the same reaction, right? Just a whole bunch of support and love?"
Dean's mouth brushed against the shell of Cas' ear, making him suck in a quick breath, realising that the violent shudder that went through him must have been unmistakably obvious. Cas could see exactly when Kate noticed it happening, and her grey-blue eyes widened, her hands tightening on his shoulders.
His eyes now unable to disengage, Dean's gaze travelled slowly down Cas' body. He looked so completely different to the usual bundled up, repressed Angel. He looked so very human, and so very fuckable.
Cas could have gone with any excuse—they were all there lined up in front of him; terrible misunderstanding, medical miracle, died on the operating table only to be brought back from the brink of death by skilled surgeons. He could have gone as far as to say that the friendly neighbourhood Witch Doctor had popped in, danced around his body, then sacrificed a small goat to bring him back to life, and it would have still been less messy than what he’d actually said.
Cas was filled with doubt, but one look at Dean revealed absolutely no regret in his face. When Sam sat back on his haunches, his breath ragged, his body heaving as he sucked in air, Dean calmly stepped into his place.
Dean’s hand was sliding into Cas’ hair and a shocked gasp escaped Cas’ lips when Dean's fingers tightened, pulling his hair taut against his scalp.
If Cas had believed in signs, he would have been very impressed by the location of his new apartment, which was over the top of a nautically themed restaurant called The Safe Harbor. It wasn’t a large place by any stretch of the imagination - it was just two rooms and a bathroom, but it had an amazingly comfortable sofa, a TV that he could watch Netflix on if he stole Sam’s password and a bed for when his Grace got to the level where he could no longer avoid sleeping, which he worried would happen soon.
"Oh great," muttered Eileen. "Sam, I'm buying you new board games for Christmas, so I don't have to keep playing this shit game. I never win!"
"We need to stop," Cas said, but Dean had raised the gun and fired before he could finish the words.
"Nice one, Cas." Dean shook his head, incredulous. He started to shrug off his coat, apparently of the opinion that this wouldn’t be a five minute conversation. Cas wouldn’t have been surprised if his next move had been to wander into the kitchen to whip up a nice passive aggressive soufflé while he waited.
that I'm the one who screwed up and pulled away, but what we had mattered. It mattered so fucking much. And I'm such a dick for getting upset about this, because I don't have the right to, but it really fucking hurts to have thought I wasn't entirely alone in this, then to find out that actually I am."
“And how are you coping with that fatherly guilt, Castiel?" Chuck asked from the floor, his words sounding like his mouth was full of cotton wool. "Knowing that you turned that young girl into a killer through your own selfish choices?”
“Hey, I’m not the one who plays hide and seek like a toddler. Where are you going to hide next, in the corner with your hands covering your eyes?” The tone was teasing more than mocking, but Cas still felt like throwing things at him.
"We've been sociable all day," Dean murmured, snuggling closer into Cas’ side. "We can take five minutes out. I’ve barely seen you today."
"I'd have my moods where I loved just making someone squirm. But now it's like, if I let myself - what if I can't stop? What if I can't control myself? What if I get carried away and actually hurt someone, or worse? Fuck. Why am I even talking about this?"
"Yes, I do. But I truly don't see how they apply to us when we've seen each other reach orgasm before. And I wasn't under the impression that it was something that bothered you."
Cas' mouth was on his with such speed that their teeth click together hard enough to make Dean wince. Adjusting quickly, he kissed him back, taking the urgency that Cas was throwing at him and calming it down, slowing it into something deeper. This was worrying—Cas wasn't anything like as calm as his actions would indicate.
"Ah shit, sorry Rowena. I didn’t see you there," Dean swiftly pulled himself together. "I was lost in thought. I see you two have met, or do I need to make the introductions?"
He wanted to tell Dean that he didn't want a thing from him, but the words were stuck in his throat and all he could do was shake his head, wiping his mouth shakily with the back of his hand.
He was shaking from head to toe and he didn't know why. He hated every tremble, every shudder—hated how his body couldn't handle his emotions whenever it came to Dean.
Chuck looked at Dean pityingly and Cas fantasised about punching the smugness off of his arrogant face.
The music thrummed through Cas' body like a pulse, the beat seeming to be coming from inside him rather than from the giant speakers. Lights flashed one primary colour after another, none of them making it any easier to see in this underworld of drugs, sex, and debauchery that Kate and Eileen had dragged him to.
"I told Garth about Purgatory going kaput," Dean said, sounding pleased with himself. "There were tears. Lots and lots of
"I mean, me too," Donna agreed. "But I sure do miss it. The fun times, the talkin' and the wakin' up in someone's arms…"
He curled his fingers around Cas' shoulders and this time when Cas' lips landed on his, Dean kissed back, leaning into it, pulling Cas in deeper. He was torn between feeling overwhelmed and so absolutely cared about, and he didn't know what to do with that. All he knew was that the moment Cas had landed in his lap, the noise in his head had quietened.
Cas nodded, forcing a small triangle of blueberry pancake into his mouth, even though his stomach churned with misery and the food felt like cardboard on his tongue. It took a heroic effort not to pull a face at the taste that immediately assaulted his now very obviously still not human taste buds.
"More," he moaned against Cas' cock, and he could have cried when Cas' thumb slid past his lips and into his mouth instead. He sucked it desperately, trying to show Cas what he would do to his cock if he was just given the chance.
The tradition of gift giving was something he felt he wasn’t very good at, but he really enjoyed the idea of making someone happy by giving them a present. One of the gifts he’d got for Dean was something that he wouldn’t have ever dared to just hand to him without having an excuse first. As it was, he’d put the gifts on the chair in Dean’s bedroom in the hope that he wouldn’t find them until Cas was far away, sparing him the need to see his reaction. It was nerve wracking giving things to someone who knew you were in love with them, but would rather you weren't. Everything seemed like it could be interpreted as a declaration of eternal devotion, which was more than a little superfluous since he'd already made his declaration of eternal devotion months ago and it hadn't gone down well. He really didn't want to remind Dean of it.
"You have no fucking idea how much I'd love that, but I'm not gonna last and I want to try something."
“Hello there,” Cas said, scooping up his little namesake, who immediately hurled himself forward in his arms to try to get to Dean. He seemed to have no concept of gravity or danger, lunging repeatedly, like a small suicidal lemming.
"I'm not going to read anything into a hug." Not that he'd let Dean know anyway. He knew where he stood.
once Cas had left him. Having Cas inside him, possessing him, it felt like when Cas lay in his arms as he fell asleep - like he was at peace even as he saw stars.
"I dunno. We could go together—at the same time?" Dean looked just as nervous, his neat, white teeth biting down on the full bottom lip that Cas had been tormenting with his own teeth and tongue just five minutes earlier.
Should he leave Cas to sleep it off, or wake him and bring him to Sam's with him? He didn't like leaving him alone when he wasn't sure how he'd be feeling this morning.
Firstly, I wanted to say thank you so much for all your support, reviews and Kudos, because they are very possibly better than sex to a writer.
"Tell me how to fix this?" Dean begged. "I don't care what I have to do. You can have anything—everything. Just tell me what to do. Please."
"Dean…" Cas was looking at him warily. "This is a terrible idea. You don't want to risk our friendship, but my sleeping in your bed is as big a risk as they get."
An hour had passed before Dean had started prodding Gary. The prodding had progressed to none too gentle slaps before Sam strode over to intercede.
Dean's heart was beating fast, his pulse pounding in his ears, somehow drowning out everything but the little gasps and pants Cas was making through the tiny speaker of his phone. Cas had stopped talking now, obviously as close as Dean was, his brain shorting out too.
"Cas," Dean whispered his name reverently, like his name was a prayer all by itself. He kissed him again, so very slowly, pouring every bit of gratitude he felt into that one kiss - everything he couldn't say, could
Cas eyed the hot yellow substance and shrugged, wrapping his hand around the hot cup. It was his favourite cup to drink out of. Cas had found it in a thrift store, and he'd actually gone ridiculously high pitched when he'd picked it up, much to Dean's bemusement. The cup was nothing special, but on the front of it was a cartoon drawing of a big spiky plant, not entirely dissimilar to the green monstrosity that was sitting by the window in Cas' apartment. The ex-angel was obsessed.
“Bite,” finished Cas in a whisper, as if speaking loudly when he was like this was an unwritten transgression, like shouting in Church. "I remember, and I think we established that you
And the prospect of phone sex, which had to be an improvement on nothing but shitty porn and his right hand. Cas' gravelly voice was way better than Busty Asian Beauties could ever be.
Dean seemed to have taken Cas' hesitation as an answer, and he rubbed the back of his neck hard, before getting to his feet. "Coffee. Would you like a coffee? I need coffee."
Dean glared at Cas, but the flash of anger had abated, replaced by grief as Dean uttered sadly, "I thought you knew me, Cas? I thought we were friends. What happened?"
Should he be able to look tired even while he was sleeping? The fact that fatigue was evident on his face even when he was meant to be resting just succeeded in breaking Cas' heart all over again. He bent closer to tuck the corner of the blanket very gently under his arm, and Dean made a sleepy sound, almost like a growl, low in his throat that made Cas leap back like he'd been burned.
It felt like it had been centuries since they had been like this. Decades upon decades since he'd tasted Dean's mouth like this, since the heat had built up inside him in this way, curling in his stomach, making him pour every single emotion he was feeling into this kiss, as if it were all there was in the world, all they would ever have.
“It hasn’t been high on my list of things to do over the years. There’s always been an apocalypse, an uprising, or you or Sam needed saving. I did spend several millennia leading armies - or do you imagine all I did up in Heaven was sit on a cloud with a harp?”
"And Gabriel is the reason that cats can sense when someone in the room doesn't like them and will immediately sit on that specific person. He made them shed hair everywhere, just because all Balthazar’s clothes were black. And he gave them claws purely so they could cling on when Balthazar tried to tip them off him. In the end Balthazar had to fashion himself leg guards out of leather to protect his knees."
. Even if things had been different, I thought that more than anything I was this reminder of what happened to her dad."
Cas turned on his side, letting his head drop and be pillowed by Dean's arm and it took everything in him not to turn his head a tiny bit more to place a kiss on the smooth skin that was so close to his lips.
"So good. So beautiful," he murmured, sucking hard at the skin just under Dean's ear, not caring if it marked him. The sting of it made Dean groan and tightening his fingers in Cas' hair he pulled Cas even harder against him, encouraging him to suck harder.
At least tonight Dean was out too, so he wasn't missing out on what Dean kept referring to as Netflix and Chill. Since Dean had moved in with him, Cas had seen the first twenty minutes of around forty different films, before Dean had ended up in his lap, and at that point Cas had stopped caring if the dinosaurs ate all the people, or the little robot boy was ever loved, because, as it turned out, having sex with Dean was still the most incredible thing he'd ever experienced, even after sixty or more times of having done it.
"Second thoughts?" Cas asked softly, carefully, trying to hide how vulnerable he was feeling, how much he was laying on the line just being here, doing this. Dean pulled back to look at him properly—his eyes were closed and maybe that was why he couldn’t tell what was going through Dean’s mind, but Dean absolutely knew what was going through Cas'.
"I thought we were avoiding being alone together?" Dean asked, hating the needy undertone to his voice that he was fairly sure was none too subtly begging Cas to crawl into his bed.
"Dean, I can't imagine what that was like for you," Cas said when Dean paused for longer this time, needing to scrub the unfallen tears from his eyes. "But you know your dad was wrong, don't you? He was wrong about so many things, but
"Cas," Dean murmured, affection in his tone for all the words he struggled to actually say. He pulled him in for a hug, wrapping his arms tightly around him, ignoring Kate's none too surreptitious gagging sound nearby.
"Fucking?" Dean finished for him. Then, channelling his inner Jody, he smirked back at Cas. "Hey, if we can't talk about it, we shouldn't be doing it."
have appreciated. He didn't want what was going on between them advertised to the world, but just a glimmer of recognition that something had changed would have been nice.
When they could finally stand up, bend, and move without vomiting, they had played some of the new board games that Eileen had bought for Sam, while the kids played with their presents and lapped up being the centre of attention of so many doting adults. It turned out that Christmas was a hundred times better when there were young people around to be excited over every little thing.
"No, but what's an evening without me being maimed?" Dean flicked Cas with water. "Let's go with sleep deprivation."
Dean knew he was on the edge of something, on the edge of telling Cas something he couldn't take back. His chest felt tight and he struggled to take in a big enough breath to satisfy his desperate need for oxygen. He was feeling light headed, dizzy, like he was floating above himself far more than he was present inside his own body. He realised belatedly that he was panicking.
"I'm going to fuck your mouth," Cas said firmly and decisively, and the words had Dean close to panting. His heart was racing, his cock was throbbing with need, feeling perilously close to release without having even been touched. He'd made all these plans for Cas' first blowjob and it had involved hours of teasing, edging, toys and every fucking trick in the book, but Dean would throw all his plans out of the window just to have Cas fucking his mouth however the fuck he wanted to. Dean's mouth
Said faulty Angel was desperately trying to regain Dean's attention. Cas needed to calm him, ground him, talk some sense into him before his mind ran away with itself with catastrophic consequences. What they had, where they had come to - it was so fragile still. It couldn't survive this and Cas needed to stop it now, before Chuck somehow made it even worse.
Dean sighed. Even though he knew his dad had made some massive mistakes, he felt like he was being disloyal every time he talked about him like this. He wasn't supposed to question, he was supposed to follow, and that had been drummed into him since he was a small child.
Dean shook his head. A movement on the screen catching his eye. Porno Cas was on his knees in front of Girl Next Door and he was going down on her with enthusiasm. Dean felt his cock becoming interested, not so much in the sex that was on the screen, but in the fact that he was talking to Cas
"Good. Great." Cas wondered if it was normal for your hand to be an erogenous zone. Dean's lips had sent shocks of pleasure straight down his arm with one simple brush of his lips.
Only when Dean’s lungs were hurting, screaming for oxygen, did he pull back, the harsh sound of their gasps filling the air as they stared at each other, their lips swollen, breathing ragged.
“I need to shower and then sort out the food for later,” he changed the subject. "I promised Sam I wouldn’t leave it all to him.”
Dean resisted doing a victory dance. He would get this friendship back on track and it would be like all the kissing and the sex had never happened. He could absolutely do this.
Dean remembered saying goodbye to Sammy, thinking it was the last time he'd ever see him, pulling him in for a hug and trying not to let Sam see the tears. He'd been so loyal to his dad, that he would have walked headfirst into his own messy end rather than say no to him.
Cas had faced down armies, defeated otherworld Gods, battled with the creator of earth and even conquered death itself. So why was this, of all things, so terrifying? This little, human interaction, this thing that countless people did routinely in their lives as if it were nothing—why was it making his heart thump painfully hard in his chest?
“You like that?” he asked, looking down at Cas with a knowing smile. Cas was breathing heavily, his pupils blown, his mouth parted as he sucked in lungfuls of air—he looked thoroughly debauched, and Dean had hardly touched him.
The look of sympathy on Sam's face was almost enough to break his resolve, but the whisky in his bedroom was calling him, and he couldn't drink and cry now, would he? He needed oblivion more than anything else.
With a resigned sigh, Cas was moving, but it wasn't to get out of bed and go to the privacy of the bathroom—no, it was to quite distinctly shift his boxers down his thighs, kicking them off entirely, and then, if the small sigh of relief was anything to go by, he'd wrapped his hand around his cock.
"There were more men out there who would pay for a fuck than there were women. I wasn't above turning a trick if it meant Sam could have a hot meal that night. I was… I was good at it. Repeat customers some of the time. It was-"
“Alright, sweetheart. I’ve got you. Let’s get you comfy on the couch, where I can keep an eye on you and not fall asleep, yeah?"
"Yes," Cas answered simply. "You're very talented. I can't believe I didn't know you could sing like that."
"You know, they're probably waiting for us…" Cas tried. He waited out on the porch for a good twenty seconds, before sighing loudly and stomping inside after Dean.
"Yes, wearing those grey sweatpants should be illegal. Or at least banned whilst the stove is on," Cas admitted.
The eyes burning into Cas' were so full of emotion that it was blinding. His teeth gritted, Dean growled, "Stick to the fucking plan, Cas."
"If he's so completely useless, you won't mind handing him over now, will you?" he asked, none of his inner excitement showing on his face, in his voice.
Cas winced at her anger and stepped back with his hands up in a gesture of surrender when she lifted her hand and curled it into a fist, ready to punch him this time.
A second later two arms were wrapped around his neck, and the big lug that was his brother was clinging to him and sobbing into his shoulder like he was five years old again.
Patience was sitting with Jodie and Donna, talking and seemingly reassured. She had calmed down but everyone else seemed to be in constant flux, moving from one place to the next, generally seconds behind an abnormally fast toddler or child.
"What is it?" Dean asked tiredly, his voice throaty and deep from lack of sleep. Cas swallowed down the stab of want that had rushed to the surface at the sound of it.
If Cas added raspberries into the mix, Dean was going to have to wipe away literal drool from his chin. Was it normal to be horny
“Dean?” he called, but his throat was dry, his voice rough and barely audible. He cleared his throat and reached for the water on his bedside table. It was warm now, but it wet his throat and soothed his dry, cracked lips.
"You'd know if I was being hostile, Kate," Dean snapped, in an admittedly fairly hostile manner, before taking a deliberate breath. She was tense, breathing hard, as if she was preparing for a fight he wasn’t going to have with her. “Look, I’m sorry. It’s been a long night.”
Dean sank back into his pillows and pulled the cover up higher, until it was almost covering his head entirely. It felt somehow more intimate that way.
Dean had closed his eyes and Cas' attention was drawn to Dean's knee, where his hand was still resting, and where Dean's own hand was inching closer to his, tiny movement by tiny movement. Dean didn't dare to put his hand over Cas', but finally, after Cas had watched Dean's progress for three or four minutes, barely daring to breathe, their hands finally touched.
Toddler Cas especially had taken to Dean, and it had amused Sam no end to see Dean dealing with a tiny Cas with personal space issues instead of an adult one.
"Come closer," Dean murmured. His arm tightened around Cas and he pulled him to him. The length of his body was stretched along Dean’s now, nothing but two thin layers of material between them. Worried that Dean would be able to feel how far from unaffected he was, Cas tried to angle his hips away. Bare legs brushed together and Cas wondered if Dean realised how close to breaking point he was? How close he was to just pinning Dean down and doing everything he’d been thinking about for so many years now, consequences be damned. Maybe this was Hell and he just hadn't realised?
"You're throwing all this at me like it's a weapon," Cas pointed out with infuriating calm. "Do you think I don't know you, Dean? Do you think anything you can say will change how I see you?"
“I should serve some other people,” Kate said, shooting Dean an astute look, understanding immediately what he was doing - much more so than Cas did, Dean was guessing.
Dean smoothed his hands down Cas’ thighs, calming, steadying. With one hand on his hip, he lifted the other to trace it up the length of Cas’ cock, until he reached the very tip. He slid his finger back and forth over the slit, making Cas jerk his hips and hiss out a breath of air.
Her fingers massaged, but if her intent was to relax and soothe him, it was actually having the opposite effect
Cas sighed, trying to get his head comfortable on the pillow. As his Grace had started to slowly ebb, he had started to become more and more aware of the uncomfortable sensations of being human. The scratchy feeling of the blanket, the awkward seam on his left sock that kept rubbing against his little toe, the itch of the stubble on his chin that was begging to be shaved off. How humans concentrated on anything at all with all this going on was a mystery.
