“Oh, John,” he spoke while tilting his head a bit, his lips grazing against John’s neck, “don’t think for a second I haven’t noticed how you look at me. Or how you shudder when
He saw Sherlock getting up and taking the few steps that separated them, coming to stand right at his back.
John gestured at the snow build-up at their feet and all around them. The damned snowplow had done a number on the pavement in front of 221B, and they should shovel it for Mrs. Hudson to come out of the house without breaking a leg.
There's something fishy with this newly-formed room, though. The three stalls in front of him have no doors, for starters. And there are holes in the separating walls – one for each, perfectly round, and at crotch's height.
"John." He feels it into his mouth before hearing it, and he crumbles down, his forehead against Sherlock's chest.
It's all wrong, a mess of cluttered clues – faces and dates, facts and newspaper headlines that flutter around him like a swarm of locusts, buzzing incessantly and impossible to grasp – a disorienting cacophony, it's a -
The man returning to calling him by his formal title sounds quite endearing. John’s cock agrees, pushing against the fabric of his briefs. He unbuttons his jeans.
The weird thing is, the door doesn't lead back to the hallway. A cozy kitchen opens up before him. Mrs Hudson's kitchen, to be more specific, and there she is as well – warm motherly expression, coiffed head, apron, the works.
A thought crosses his mind: what if the stranger can pick up what he’s doing? He surely can. Oh god, this is exciting. He wonders just for a second if he’s taking this too far, when he hears a rustle of fabric from the other end of the line, and the man resumes speaking.
In the last week, John has often caught himself recalling last time's dance. And he has watched an awful number of
“Dear god,” he mutters between one stroke and the next, “you’re the most beautiful... human being... I’ve ever laid my eyes on.”
The music darkens to low notes and Sherlock takes advantage of the subtle change to close the gap between them. There's a stronger grab in his arms, a fiercer push in his core – John can neither offer resistance nor back down: he has to match him with equal transport, their legs caught in a concerted scuffle, like two opponents measuring each other.
He catches John looking at him over his shoulder, a couple of times - delighted at seeing Sherlock enjoying himself.
An angelic voice matches the instruments and yes, it's quite a straightforward rhythm - enough that John should still be able to pay attention to the sequence of numbers that Sherlock is enunciating on the beat - but Sherlock's face is too close, and he's staring at him so intensely,
He stands up and turns the kettle on, all the while reviewing the odd call. “A case”, the man had mentioned. Murder. Kidnapping. Cocaine? The stranger had sounded quite strung up: was he high on something?
“Papa is... alright, dear Watson. Come here.” She climbs on his knees, and he clutches at her like a kid to his comfort blanket.
It's true. Their other sessions had him flustered by the end – John is still quite fit for his age, but spinning around while trying to make sense of the steps' pattern and keeping a somewhat dignified posture had required an extra effort. Not this time, apparently. He's really getting the gist of it, ain't he? He should be grateful for it; all this is mostly for the sake of making Mary happy, anyway. And waltz is not exactly a forgiving dance, all stiff positions and calculated moves.
John involuntarily moved his leg, and the tailor jerked away from him, for sure labelling him as Worst Client Ever.
The man stops talking, and a distinct noise reaches out from the other end of the line: the sharp “click” of a tube being uncapped.
He gently taps on John's spine, right between his shoulder blades, then at his sternum, readjusting him ever so slightly to a standard he doesn't care to share.
Pale, tense, his forehead beaded with sweat: Sherlock is either on the verge of vomiting or - in layman’s terms - scared shitless.
A ping from his phone signals an incoming attachment. Well, the moment of truth has come. He hesitates a bit before opening the picture.
“Or how the cut of this blazer flatters your frame?” Both of Sherlock’s hands rose to rest on his shoulders.
Is Sherlock blushing? Surely it looks like it, but he quickly gathers himself and erupts in a smile that lights his whole face up.
John Watson’s mouth opens agape in surprise. He removes his mobile from his ear and his eyes squint in the dark at the glowing screen, as he tries to connect the dots. The digits stare back at him, cold and unforgiving, and blur one into the next.
“You do know I can arrest you two.  Having sex in a public place is illegal” Greg snapped, ignoring Sherlock.
“Not at all.  I’m on my way to a wedding” Sherlock responded, not looking at Greg, but taking in every detail he could of the crime scene.
Greg looked and, sure enough, around his neck was a silver chain and on that chain was a silver, or more likely - white gold, wedding band.
Sherlock tipped his head back so he could give Greg that look he got when he thought people were being purposely obtuse.  “Felding is innocent, it was his wife and Finnegan hid the evidence in his neighbours chimney.  Shut the door and enjoy the rest of your evening, Lestrade.”
The man scoffed.  “Please.  Those women were all strong, fit women.  Their attacker was a strong built, fit male, not a scrawny junkie, plus, there are no scratches on my hands and arms.  The women would have scratched at the attacker as he strangled them.”
Sherlock left the piece on a plate for John, sitting on the table.  Watson had already devoured one and a half pieces and was eyeing off the one he had left for John.
“Alright, alright” Greg said, cutting Sherlock off and tugging on Darcy’s collar.  “We’re leaving, just, keep it private from now on, boys, alright.”
Within a few steps both men were standing in front of Greg and Greg got a good look at this new man, Sherlocks husband.
to prove he is still listening.  "Sometimes when we cuddle" I start again, because this one may be pushing it a bit too far "Can you also not be wearing your pants?"
It is not a problem, exactly.  I actually like the idea of sharing a bed with John.  It is an idea I have entertained many a time but it was only supposed to be an idea, because actually sharing a bed with John could end up in a tragedy that would put Shakespeare to shame.
“Right,” John replied, purposely not looking at Sherlock’s chest.  “Well, there are leftovers in the fridge if you want them” he said and then made his way into the living room where he picked up the paper and sat down in his chair and started to read yesterday’s news.
Sherlock gave a pathetic nod, and seemed to droop even more.  Greg thought if he drooped much more, he was going to have to pick the man up off the floor.
I glare at him to let him know that I am not happy.  It doesn't have the desired effect.  In fact.  It makes him smile more.
By page two he was starting to question his land ladies choice in literature. By page 14, he was questioning her character.   John opened the book to a random page and read a few lines. Then he flipped closer to the back of the book and read a few more lines.  After repeating this process a third time, he decided that it was the author who had questionable morals and closed the book and left it on the side table.
Greg left with a bit of a spring in his step and whistling a happy little tune.  Maybe the handyman in Sherlock’s room would put the grumpy bastard in  a good mood for once.
For a few moments, John lay as he was, spent and breathless, until the brief bliss turned into shame and disappointment.
“You said he was finished for the night” John panted, glaring down at Sherlock, who was sprawled on his back on Gregs desk, John was positioned between his legs, which were wrapped tightly around Johns waist.
Greg stood there, his mouth open, unable to believe what he was hearing.  If this was not knowing much, then he’d love to see what the man was capable with all the facts.
"Have you heard from John at all?  How is dear Rosie taking the heat?" she asks, dragging me from images of a kitchen made of fire and hot-rocks.
John jolts awake, his grip once again tightening on my hip.  "Wassit" he mumbles and I suddenly stop laughing.  John is awake.  Soon he is going to realise that he is hugging me.  Soon he will pull back in abject horror.  I hold my breath and wait.  And wait.  Nothing happens, exceat John becomes less alert and more relaxed.
“Dinner?” John asked Sherlock as he passed by him into the kitchen.  The man was sitting in John’s chair with John’s laptop opened to a chat room by the looks of it.
The rest of the afternoon goes well.  Unfortunately, John needs to lend me one of his t-shirts as Watson does indeed like to yank on things and apparently nipples are a new novelty for her little fingers to grasp.  It is not at all a pleasant experience, despite Johns howl of laughter, which in turn cause Watson to laugh and then try again.  I will be getting him back for this at a later date.
“Come on.  Just one dance.  I’ll make it one you’ll never forget.” She smiled coyly, twisting her hair around the tip of her finger.
I go to open my mouth and tell Mrs Hudson that I shall not be paying rent until my apartment is of a more inhabited, humane, temperature.  I was also going to ask about recompensation as several of my experiments were ruined and had to be thrown out, but before I can say any of this a thought strikes my brain.  A beautiful, wonderful non-brain melting thought.  I can only blame the heat form making my brain sweaty and sloshy for not thinking it earlier.
Greg was supposed to be on holiday.  He had somehow managed to accumulate two glorious weeks off and was going to go spend it along the lower coast, hopefully getting in some fishing.
“Mmmm” was Sherlock’s non-committal reply and John took it as a yes and went about preparing a risotto while he talked to his daughter.
Greg muttered a few curse words and, deciding he didn’t want to go any further in the room, threw the small carry bag that had a spare shirt for each of them in it, onto the chair from the doorway.
If it hadn’t been for the slight twitch he had seen as his torch swept the left hand side of the room, he would have kept moving, mistaking the noise as outside interference.
I knock again.  And again and again and again.  Finally, there are footsteps and within a few short seconds (that extend into hours in this heat) the door swings open and a
Damn.  This is a dilemma.  I look to John.  He has always managed to sort our sleeping arrangements in the past to something semi-satisfactory.
It suddenly clicked into place.  John, Doctor John Watson.  He was the doctor who had come out and spoken to Greg that first night he had met Sherlock.  He was younger then, obviously, and had a bit of a beard, but it was definitely the same man.
Sherlock got up and walked to the door of the kitchen.  John always asked how he knew. Normally, Sherlock found people’s complete lack of awareness of their surroundings and what was so obviously, well, obvious, irritating.  But not with John. With John it was endearing. That could possibly have something to do with the fact that John said he was
“I’ll make sure he gets it” the doctor said with a smile and then turned and took himself out of the waiting room.
The doctor smiled.  “It was either you or a choice between an obese woman on a gopher, the young mother holding a baby or  the old gentleman who looks like he died a week ago” he said, leaning in to practically whisper in Gregs ear.
He was soon distracted from the potential new member by John’s text message going off.  Pretending not to listen, Sherlock kept his back to the room. Whoever was messaging him was giving him good news.  Sherlock heard the slight, excited intake of breath as John read the message. Not Harry then. It was also not Lestrade or Mike asking him to go out for a pint.  The response John was tapping out, painfully slow, was too long for a simple reply.
What surprised him even more was the way that Mycroft was instantly taken with Darcy, Greg’s great dane.
Greg looked at the man and thought that being lifted of his possessions was the least of his worries.  The man, mid twenties, surely, was thin, far too thin and very gaunt looking.  The left side of his face was an alarming shade of purple and black, making the rest of him look far too pale.  His lip was split and the hand, that Greg could see was being held against his chest, sat an angle that he was sure wasn’t natural.
So here Greg was, at the wrong end of the country and playing peace negotiator between Sherlock and the Hexham constabulary while Sherlock tried to solve a case for a private client, and not a single fishing rod to be seen.
“Yeah, it’s good to see you too, Sherlock” Greg replied, ignoring the mans irritation.  After all, Greg wasn’t actually here because he wanted to be here.  He had, in actual fact, gone out of his way, not that Sherlock would ever acknowledge that.
Sherlock turned the peg a bit to hard and fast at this news and only just managed to move his face out of the way to avoid being hit by a snapping G string.
Sherlock pulled in a long suffering breath through his nose before throwing his best glare at Donovan, which was ruined somewhat by the wince that followed the medic putting antiseptic on one of his wounds.
“You must be Sally Donovan” the small man with a cane and his arm in a sling said to Sally.  “Sherlock here has told me all about you.”
“No it is not all” Greg grumbled, stepping up to Sherlock.  “I can see now why you don’t usually wear a tie.  Who in the hell taught you how to tie one?”  And he brought his hand up to untie the mess that was around Sherlocks neck and re-tied it with a neat knot and even ends.
“Fucking, I want that desk scrubbed clean” Lestrade grumbled, knowing there was no use in trying to herd them out.  The way Sherlock had clenched his legs around Johns waist was proof of that.
Greg slowly made his way to the pool, taking his time walking and drawing on the smoke in his mouth.  It was late, mid-week and he was in a small town.  The noises that surrounded him in London were absent, which made the sound of water, sloshing against the side of the pool, even more noticeable in the still night.  Shortly followed was a low moan.
A cry emits from the smothering blanket of sweaty death and I grin.  I am besting it.  I push again.
John broke a piece of the cake of with the small fork that was next to the plate and Sherlock was so distracted by the way it slid into his mouth and at how his lips closed over the fork that he almost forgot to gauge Johns reaction.
Sherlock mumbled something indiscernible and turned back to his case-files and John smiled as he remembered Sherlock’s utter disbelief in finding out John was not only good at chess, but better than himself.  He had demanded game after game, trying to figure out how John was cheating. That wasn’t happening again, so John set about trying to beat himself at chess. He won 3 out of 4 games and decided to call it a day since the sunlight in the room having decreased considerably indicated that he had been at it for a while now.
The camera in the child’s room was dark, although there was small snuffled breathing sounds that indicated the baby was asleep in her cot, where she should be at 11:45 at night.
“Sure thing” Greg said, not sure what else to say and then turned around and left, making sure the door was firmly shut behind him.
“Your name is William and you go by Sherlock?” Greg grinned.  God forbid the man in front of him do anything even remotely common.
“Yeah, but we just don’t care” said the other man before Sherlock could even open his mouth to reply, and once more Greg nearly tripped and he wasn’t even walking this time.
“Text me the details, I’ll be there when we’ve finished.  Shut the door on your way out” he managed to pant out, yet still sounding all high and mighty.
Sherlocks body was littered with bruises and marks that resembled the shape and size of John’s mouth.  John’s back was scored with multiple scratch marks and his hips were adorned with fingerprint sized bruises.
“What happened?” Greg asked, Shining the torch so it wasn’t directly pointing in the man’s face.  The man lowered his hand.
Greg should know by now to always expect the unexpected when it came to Sherlock Holmes, but that still didn’t prepare him for walking into 221B Baker Street and seeing a stark naked Sherlock bent over his chair with an equally as naked John pounding into him from behind.
There was silence and then John laughed.  He couldn’t help it.  After a few seconds Sherlock joined in.
The man, John, just chuckled as Sherlock strode away and turned back to Greg, Holding out his good hand.
Sherlock let out a sigh and muttered something about wasting time and took off towards the house where the body was waiting.  “I’ll meet you up there, John” he called, impatient.  “Don’t be too long with the formalities.  I know how you get when you’re being friendly.”
Greg nodded, recognising what sounded like a friendly suggestion as a politely worded direct order.  “Sure.  Let him know he can call me if… well, he can call me.”
“I did advise my brother not to go to the crime scene, but alas, he never has been one to follow good advice” Mycroft continued, not noticing how uncomfortable Greg was feeling right then.  Actually, scrap that - if the man was like Sherlock at all, and Greg would bet his badge that he was, he knew exactly how Greg was feeling and just didn’t give a shit.
of cool air accompanies it.  Brief as it is, I sigh and automatically sway forward.  Johns air-conditioning is marvellous.
“Alright, enough” Greg said, stepping between the two, who had started to attract a crowd.  He turned to Sally.  “You, go do something useful. We’ll talk about this after the case.”  When she didn’t budge, he yelled “Go!”  and she scuttled away.
Greg held the donut in his mouth, the coffee in his left hand and the Felding report tucked under his arm.  In his right hand he managed to hold the slightly thinner Finnegan report and turn the handle, opening his office door.
“Can you give this to him, for me” he said flipping the card over and scribbling a message on the back.
Why doesn't she sound like she is dying.  She is in her seventies.  This should be effecting her far worse than it is effecting me.
Both men were ridiculously happy and neither were bored nor were either of them concerned with what day it was or how long it had been since they stepped outside.  In fact, outside could go to hell in a handbasket - John couldn’t watch Sherlock strut around completely starkers outside and Sherlock couldn’t demand that John go harder and deeper outside.   Outside was overrated.
"No, you Berk" John says, slightly exasperated.  It is an expression I am used to on him.  I have a niggling feeling that I am usually the cause of it, but choose not to look too closely into it. "We turned it into a nursery for our baby to sleep in."
“How did no one mention this to me?” He asked, looking out at their guests, waiting patiently in the seats.
Before long, it gets late and John stands up and stretches.  I ignore the patch of skin that becomes visible between his t-shirt and shorts.  "I don't know about you, but I'm knackered" he announces.  "I suppose you're here for the night."
The noise of outside, distant traffic was the only sound to be heard as Greg took in the man’s words.  What the hell was he on about?  He had been about to tell Greg how he knew the murderer had polio. He then looked to Donovan, who looked like she could commit murder herself.
Just after six, John called Rosie while he set about preparing stir-fry for dinner.  He felt a pang of longing as she told him about all that she had done with the Holmes parents.  When he hung up the phone, he told himself it was for the best.  Just until this virus had passed.  She was safer.
Knowing that this was wrong, so very wrong, John still laid back on the couch and tentatively, his hand slid down his body and cupped his genitals through his pyjama bottoms. He was more than half-hard already, just at the thought that Sherlock would ever want him, like that.
“I’m going to take you home” Greg said.  Sherlock went to protest, but Greg put his foot down.  “No, you are going to come with me, I am going to take you home.  You are going to eat and sleep and then, when you have slept for several hours, you are going to shower.  Then, you are going to sort out whatever the hell is wrong.  Understand?”
Awkwardly, using is free hand, he pushed his pyjamas down his hips, to mid-thigh and kept stroking, holding back any verbalisation.  The last time he had done this, he had loudly cried out, waking up Rosie.
It was as Greg was about to tell him to go home and get some rest, when Donovan strolled up to him and, with a smirk on her face, opened her mouth and spoke.
"John" I start, making myself more comfortable in his kitchen chair.  They are actually a good seat.  I should look into replacing the ones at Baker Street with these ones.  "As usual, you are clearly over reacting..."
Now he just had to get Watson into her bed upstairs, John into their bed and put the rest of that cake to good use.
“Says the man who just threw the entire deck of cards out of the window. Plus, I didn’t lose so therefore could not have lost ungraciously.”
"John" I say. What else can I say?  What does one say in these situations.  Situations where one is naked and pushing their platonic (or maybe not) ex-flat mate in the face while they were sleeping.  Sorry seems a bit extreme.  It's not like I was conscious of what I was doing.  Also, John is awake now.  Proper awake, not snuffly awake and he may now realise that he is in fact cuddled up to his naked male friend, in bed, at night.  Although, I am sure it would be just as bad if it were during the day, but as I have expressed, this is not really my area, so I could be mistaken.
Without another thought, I toe off my she's and using my practically prehensile toes, take off my socks too.  While my feet are at work at the bottom of my body, my hands start to work at the top and I quickly undo the buttons on my shirt.  I drop everything where it falls and soon, I am standing in the middle of Johns living room in nothing at all and had I thought his air conditions was wonderful before, it is pure ambrosia now.  Yes, it is ambrosia because I can taste it on my tongue and smell it in my nostrils and it. Is. Marvellous.
, the murderer wore odd shoes, which indicates either a level of such incompetence, that he couldn’t even get himself dressed properly, or a deformity of one of his feet that requires a special shoe or foot or leg brace.  Keeping in consideration he has committed four almost perfect murders, I’m going to go with the latter, wouldn’t you agree?”
Greg slammed his phone down on the cupboard top and pulled the duvet over his head, hoping sleep would return swiftly.  It didn’t .  All he could wonder about was where the daft bugger was off to this time.  In the past eighteen months, Sherlock had sent Greg three messages saying exactly the same thing.  The last time he returned he had been sunburnt and in a foul mood.  Anderson had cried three times and Donovan had threatened to transfer to the continent.
Watson is bathed and again put to bed in the living room.  It is the coolest room in the house and she sleeps through better.
“We are shagging our way across London” Sherlock supplied at the same time John yelled “Can you please get your dog away from my arse.”
Greg realised he was staring at the way Sherlock’s jacket cinched in at his waist and framed his backside quite well and quickly looked to Donovan.
I was totally intending on having this chapter up yesterday, as a Christmas present to you all, but then there was presents and breakfast and naps and lunch and family and more presents and dinner and, oh my god, so much food and then more family and I was just exhausted, so here it is now, all wrapped up in a sparkly red bow, with a tag that says "Merry Christmas!"
A groan left his lips as his hand slipped under the material of his pyjamas, his fingers wrapping around his erection and started to stroke.
“All bodies have been found in disused factories and warehouses, nowhere near their place of residence or place of work.  None of them had any traces of drugs or alcohol in their system.  They were killed at the site they were found, which means they either came here of their own free will or were coerced by the killer.  Without a look at their personal effects or a decent look at the actual crime-scene it would be hard to say which.  They put up a fight, so if the killer was someone they knew, it wasn’t someone they trusted, otherwise there would have been less damage done to the bodies.”
"I'm not sleeping on the couch Sherlock. If you don't like out arrangement then you have a perfectly good bed, at your home."
“Me?” Sherlock asked.  “It was never going to be a problem with me.  I can easily occupy myself.  You, on the other hand...”
“Donovan, I need possible back-up in the north office, ground floor” he said, quietly as to not startle the man under the blankets, into his radio.
But then Mycroft had rung him from Korea.  Sherlock had been arrested.  On a case.  In Hexham, Northumberland.
Sherlock let out a growl of frustration.  God, it was like having a conversation about the house rules of Monopoly with Mycroft.
“Just a second” he called to the doctors retreating back and the man stopped and turned to face Greg.
Mrs Hudson scowls and snatches her hand back.  "The air-conditioning company are quite busy and won't be able to make it until Wednesday afternoon."
It is nice laying like this.  With each other.  Him holding me and me holding him.  It is just lovely and I can't possibly think of a better way to start the day. In fact, from now on, I think I will start every day like this.  I tell this to John and he agrees and that is how we start our new life.
He was about to ring the bell again, when he heard footsteps.  He took a step back when the door swung open.
Tonight he had let out a pitiful sigh and said.  “Sure.  It’s not like I have anything better to do.”
“You have a bottle of acid that would work” John replied.  “Or there is always the fireplace, or you could just bag them and bin them, outside.  Or maybe never bring them into the flat again.”
Without another word, I turn and leave Mrs Hudson, with her calling out something about pants and indecent and something else about her age.  I pay her no mind.  I have to psych myself up to put on clothes and then actually step outside.
Surprisingly enough, she didn’t answer, but a man in a three-piece suit and a frown Greg had seen somewhere before, did.
John just chuckled and agreed and together they made their way towards the house, where Sherlock holmes was waiting for his husband.
"Good" he says.  "It would be a pain in the arse to haul all of our stuff over there, just for a weekend."
Sherlock opened his mouth to say he didn’t know any of those artists when John’s final comment actually hit him.  He liked Sherlocks stuff. A lot.
"Not unless Mrs Hudson miraculously got a repair man in three days early, then yes, I am staying the night.  I'll just set myself up in the spare room again."
“I’m just trying to figure out how the hell they actually made it worse than before” he said realising as he said it that it wasn’t a complete lie.  The proposed ideas were ridiculous.
I smile.  A much better alternative.  After all, John is much smaller than I.  He will fit on the couch much more comfortably than I would.
I don't understand.  There used to be one.  I stayed in it on two occasions.  It had a fold out bed and all.
“Cake” she called, reaching her arms up to the food, from her spot on the living room floor demanding the cake to come to her, rather than go and attempt to get it herself.
John seems to consider my words.  Well, at least I thought he was until he opens his mouth and speaks.  "Lets break this down into small parts so you understand, shall we?"
“Sherlock, all of those are extremely poisonous.  Please, make them go away. Far, far away and immediately” and with that, he turned around and carried Watson out of the flat and down to Mrs Hudson’s flat, presumably for milk and cookies.
“Okay then” Greg said, trying, once again, to wrap his mind around the man that was Sherlock Holmes.  “Anyway, you wanna tell me why your wallet was in the flat of a man that killed two prostitutes last month?”
If that wasn’t a dismissal then Greg didn’t know what was. With a nod of his head, Greg turned to leave.  He stopped at the bottom of the stairs, feeling like he should go up and check on Sherlock, but then he heard Mrs Hudson mothering the younger man and felt better about leaving him alone and he continued his way out onto the street.
Well, that answered those questions.  Yes, the two of them were shagging, and yes, John Watson topped.
Greg ran his hand through his hair again, clutching a handful when he reached the base of his skull and wondered for the umteenth time how he wasn’t bald yet.
John settles back down and continues to cuddle.  If I could purr, I would but it is actually impossible for a human to purr so I settle for humming instead as I let my fingers brush over Johns arm.
The marathon ended at 6 am and the first tendrils of sunlight were starting to tint the outside sky so John figured there was no point in going to bed.
"Sherlock Holmes.  You will go and get your pants, this minute" he commands and I ignore the stirring in my lower abdomen that that tone of voice causes.
Greg went to tell Sherlock to ignore her, but when he turned around Sherlock was gone.  When he looked around, he saw a very familiar silhouette walking past the window outside.
"...and should you think it through, clearly, you will see that it is better for us all if I remain, as I am, unclothed."
"You can either sleep on the floor." I instantly dismiss this idea and John clearly sees the dismissal.  "Or you sleep in my bed."
Greg didn’t get a chance to answer because at the moment, the man went a funny shade of green and then leaned forward and expelled the contents of his stomach over Greg’s shoes.
Greg wanted to do several things.  The first one was to fling the bloody phone at the wall.  It was four o’clock in the bloody morning and all Greg had wanted to do, was sleep until he had to get up and get ready for work.
I am pulled out of my worrisome thoughts by Johns chuckle.  Oh shit.  Apparently I said that last part aloud.
Greg had tried to ascertain if he were alright, but Sherlock had just snapped at him to leave him alone and then went back to looking lost.  Several times he checked his phone.
“What do you mean, this is our bloody wedding” John shouted.  Seriously, why he had dragged Sherlock away from their guests when he was only going to be loud enough for them to hear was beyond Sherlock.  What was even more puzzling was why he was confused as to why they were there.
“Oh, um, not really.  I figured that you had probably guessed I had been in the kitchen long enough to have noticed the invitation on the table, acid burns and all, and since you know I don’t mind social events and don’t mind halloween, you probably figured that I would ask.”
To be fair, John should have seen it coming.  It wasn’t as if Sherlock hadn’t made it abundantly clear that he was arranging their wedding.  So to stand there and practically
And to top it all off, as if my mental anguish wasn't enough of a struggle, Johns skin against my own, as tantilising as it is, is also making me hot.  Hotter than I thought it would despite the air-conditioning still being rather adequate in the bedroom.
"Maybe we should wait until the air-conditioning has been repaired though.  I don't think we should expose Rosie to the fiery pits of hell just yet."
John just laughs.  I lean back and look through the archway to the living room.  John has a two seater lounge couch.  There is no way even I could sleep on that comfortably.  "I shall sleep in the nursery."  Johns laugh turns into a groan.
John threw his hands up in exasperation.  This was pointless.  So he didn’t have to look at his infuriating flatmate anymore, he went downstairs to water Mrs Hudson’s plants.  He stayed there for an hour.
He flicked the security footage back to the living room, and was just about to call for the security detail that he had set up near the flat, to go and check, when he heard a noise coming from the speakers on his laptop.
“Yeah, I know what a wedding is and it’s called a honeymoon, not a bloody...nevermind, I just never took you to the as the type to attend one. A wedding that is.”
after every deduction.  That, and the fact that Sherlock had a raging crush on his flatmate, but that was better left to be examined at a never point in time.
He pulled out the knife to read the note. John's note, easily distinguishable scrawl. Why on Earth was John leaving letters? He could not stop the flow of deductions.
their purpose in life by a select few to further their own interests. We kill dreams for money, kill love for lust. I had lost all my faith in humanity when I returned. I lived in my sister's place for a few days, doing nothing but merely existing. My sister was a smart woman. She seemed to understand what was happening without me saying a word. She was also a great woman, she never once offered sympathy or tried to cajole me into thinking that the world was a better place. I loved her for that. And it was that love which finally gave into her requests. I found myself with a suitcase in hand and a ticket to Paris in my pocket and a glimmer in her eye.
wasn't that difficult a deduction, especially when Sherlock kept saying it. Sherlock had particularly enjoyed that one. He typed in his password (no, not John Watson. Sherlock was romantic but god forbid, never
I shake my head. I remember the night of my hallucination. Everything was so clear, so detailed. I feel pissed at Sherlock for saying it was a lie. Especially when he was right.
"So, I am your best friend?" Sherlock asks, clinging onto the slightest hope that John would say "something more"
John couldn't tell the exact second when he decided to do it. Actually, he had no recollection of even the merest indication of wanting to do it. John only felt his toes pointing upwards on their own accord and the next thing he knew, he had pecked William on his cheek. Both of them paused, shocked with what had occurred. John was still on his toes and his lips were still inches away from William's cheek. The faint lip (gloss? paint?) stain was slightly shining on Sherlock's face.
"John, I'm glad you are feeling better now, my dear. You know, I love Sherlock too. But, we can't bring back the dead John. We can only join them" she said. "But only, at the right time" she added, sternly, removing my oxygen mask.
He asks, casually, deceiving nobody. I could see emotion filling his eyes, no matter how hard he tried to hide it.
We (only me and Molly) always wanted to have a surprise party on his birthday (Surprise and Sherlock? I don't know).
Attention. He knew what my favorite color was. He knew that I hated him shooting the walls. He knew of my adrenaline fix, he knew of my days in the Army, he knew how I injured my shoulder. He knew the things that would set me off. He knew how to calm me. Once, I was beyond mad at him when I found an eyeball in the cup I poured my coffee in. I was about to drink it! He didn't apologize, he just ran, yes ran, out of 221 B when I yelled at him. However, I found a new office chair in the consultation room of the hospital. It took me an hour to trace it back to Sherlock (he came in disguised but I could recognize him in the video feed). How he knew I hated the chair, I will never know. Funny thing was, I never told him any of this. He knew, though.
Now, to the matter at hand. The main purpose of this letter is to give you some piece of advice which will hopefully help you in this quest called life.
Sherlock looked very taken aback. He very slowly wiped his cheek with his fingers, looking extremely confused. Sherlock looked like he was doing some quick thinking.
After an hour, after tedious reading of histories of the exes, the hotel staff and all people related to them (Lestrade collected a good amount in a surprisingly short amount of time), Sherlock finally figured it out.
Sherlock: (draft) How could I tell you that I loved you when you looked so happy with some other woman?
I wake up and there's darkness all around. I smell alcohol. Of course, I am in a hospital. Mrs. Hudson must have found me. I try to get up, but can't. They've tied me down. The lights flick on. And, in front of me, I see Sherlock. Standing. Looking at me. He looked like he hadn't slept for weeks. Sherlock's alive? My heart monitor beeps like crazy. I try talking but I have an oxygen mask on my mouth.
The drizzling finally stopped and John found rose petals taking their place. He stilled, he could feel a strange pull in his stomach. William’s eyes met his and they seemed to be searching his whilst the rose petals still fell all around them. Sherlock came closer; his eyes still intent on John’s. John’s heart began beating a lot harder; his fingers were itching to touch Sherlock. He stood where he was, afraid to move. Sherlock stopped two painful inches away from John, and stared at him with an intensity that almost scared him. Then, in the midst of the din everyone was making, with all the cameras pointed towards them, with rose petals swaying gently between them, Sherlock Holmes kissed John. It was a quick peck, very hesitant and immediately pulled away. It was almost as if he was scared that he would burn his lips. He immediately turned away from John and smiled at the cameras. John soon joined him, his smile quite real.
Well, the date went terribly. Terribly didn't even cover it. We met for coffee before work. I wasn't used to talking these days and she didn't talk either. I guess she was too scared to talk to me, afraid she'll let the wrong thing spill out. We drank coffee in silence. Summoning the courage to talk, I ask:
I remember everything about that day. The last rays of the Sun were dancing all around us, different shades of yellow colouring the city. There was a gentle breeze and just a touch of magic. A foreign place, a dream-like land with not a soul whom I knew. That's how a holiday should be. Only when you cut away real-life, you allow yourself to dream, to fantasize, to accept magic. Anyway, that was when I met him. There was something about him, something most people saw but never chose to investigate. His eyes met mine and I knew nothing would ever be the same.
to use me for some reason. I was in love with a man who never loved me back. I lived a cursed life, my dating life was a joke. (I did date a guy once who felt normal. Turns out he was a psychopath who only dated me to get to Sherlock. Not to worry, he's dead and no one misses him). It was dull, no it was
I spot some wires going under the seats. I started removing the seats. And, sure enough, the bomb was there. Neatly covered up. I realized that the bomb wasn't in the carriage – the bomb was the carriage. I roll my eyes. What a show-off. I soon figured out where the time fuze of the bomb was.
Still in denial. Today was going to be either a night of euphoric celebration or a danger night. And all the evidence points to the latter. Tonight was going to be a very sad night. A night of two broken, misunderstood hearts. Was reconciliation possible?
Diana: A platinum chain (quite old, judging by the fact that the chain left a circular imprint on Diana's neck. Sherlock made Molly check twice) a lipstick, a unused pregnancy test stick, her phone, tissues, nail polish (all of them were in her handbag with which she seemed to have tried to protect herself). She wore a cocktail dress with no pockets. Both of them were clearly heading out for the evening when they were killed.
They spent a lot of time in Sherlock's bedroom trying on different wigs. Sherlock amused John by wearing all his costumes and saying ridiculous lines. He remember one memorable moment when Sherlock wore the traffic police-men's unfiorm and said:
Today was my birthday. But honestly, who cares? People sent me cards and wishes but I just ignored them. There could be no happy in my birthday. The only gift I wanted was an essay on "Suppressed Hate Upon Close Proximity" entirely based on my friends. I wanted someone to tell me how ridiculous it was to celebrate the day of birth. How all my friends hated me. I wanted Sherlock. Wait, there's the doorbell. It's Greg. I let him in, knowing fully that he would break my door otherwise.
No. No way. There was no way Sherlock would have ever done that. There are many things I don't understand about Sherlock, but him faking crimes? Sherlock Holmes was a man of many things, but not a fraud. Never a fraud. He was too good a person. He pushed people away because all they ever did was hurt him. Not many people like to admit there's a smarter, better person than them. But, I knew better. There's a reason why he wanted to be a detective. He liked to help people, despite what Mycroft said. I saw his face and for the first and the last time, I saw him looking confused, not able to comprehend what was going to happen next. I knew why. This time he couldn't use logic. He didn't know if I was going to believe him or Moriarty. Logic didn't apply on emotions and beliefs. Oh, Sherlock, how I longed to hold you and tell you this "No matter what Moriarty does, no matter what he cooks up next, even if the entire world believes it, I'll always stay true to you, Sherlock Holmes. Because, I believe in Sherlock Holmes"
Finally, Hamish, I wish you a lot of happiness. We will always be there for you, no matter what. We'll be there when you fall. We'll be there when you try. We'll be there when you fall again. We'll be there when you reach the top. Nothing matters to me more than your happiness. I hope you'll find your John Watson and have what I have now. Take care of your sister when we are gone.
The realisation was like a knife to the gut. He had it wrong. John had said nothing to convince Sherlock, but the ever insecure Sherlock realised.
Sherlock outlined how and why it was done. Lestrade seemed to only want the superficial details for now. He merely nodded when Sherlock finished and left, saying that he would go and take the necessary action now. Before leaving, he smirked a little and handed another note from John. Lestrade was in on it too? Lestrade lacked the usual enthusiasm about the end of a case and Sherlock texted John to make up for it.
I wake up again, in the middle of the night. And, my heart thumps loudly when I see a silhouette near the door. The shadow moved closer and I realized who it was. It wasn't Sherlock. It was Molly. Molly Hooper. How irrelevant.
John: (draft) I hate you, I hate you. I want to punch you in your effing face. I won't even avoid your nose.
Sherlock. I bloody know, okay? I did not want to see Sherlock like this, kneeling in front of me, a face that spoke of desperation, hands joined as if I were God. If my forgiveness truly meant that much for him, I would gladly give it. I did not want to spend our last moments together in regret for unspoken things. I would tell him. I would tell him everything. My last words will be I love you, Sherlock Holmes.
I hear that you are a consulting detective who respects the privacy of his clients. I have a major problem, a problem that cannot be confided in a letter. Please board the black car that will escort you to me this evening. I'm afraid I cannot confide in Dr. Watson, the matter has been decided by wiser heads. Please come.
"I play the violin too. We should try a duet sometime" Matt smiled at William. Was it just him or was Matt's tone
His phone pinged with a special alert noise. Ugh. He couldn't deal with Mycroft right now. He stared at the screen. He was staring at a black screen with the keypad asking him to type his password. Sherlock was teaching John how to deduct passwords and Sherlock agreed to be the test subject. It began with only three lettered passwords and now they had progressed to lowercase, single word passwords. John's record time was one day three hours, but to be honest,
Sherlock looks up, as if he was unable to believe the words that were coming out of my mouth. I never realized that my opinion mattered so much to him. That I mattered so much to him.
One found mad and two people dead. Obviously, some form of toxin was introduced to the body. It was easy to kill, but not that easy to drive someone mad. He raced to his room, thinking of the various possibilities. More importantly, the motive?
“He silently begged me to do your eye and lip makeup too, you know. Don’t tell him!” she giggled in his ear.
This case was a ten then. Since Sherlock couldn't solve it entirely. (The part about it being fake?)
"A repeated lie becomes the truth" Sherlock replied, now opening the curtains to let the sunlight hit John's face.
I liked purple because it's John favorite. When will this man understand? I wore a purple shirt solely to please John. Of course, he just looked at me, said he had to go out with friends and left.
What was his reason? Ah yes, it was very "funny". Funny? FUNNY? Was that what I meant to him? Someone to play a prank on? For the first time, I am broken. I broke when Sherlock fell off the roof but this was worse. A million times worse. He never really did care, did he? All that mattered to him was the game.
The frailty of a genius, it needs an audience. He's brilliant enough to want to be in the limelight. He wants attention. He wants a chase. He wants to be caught.
John walked through the corridor, stopping at the balcony. He could see London in its entirety. For a second, he felt insignificant in the vast expanse that lay in front of him. The moment soon passed, and for the first time, John gulped, slightly scared. This was the most difficult part.
Sherlock, in the mean-time, was silently fidgeting more and more in a way only recognisable to John. He cast a look at Sherlock but Sherlock refused to meet his eye.
“Any questions?” his eyes sparked, not unlike Sherlock when he proposes an extremely mad plan. (to which John eventually agrees to, of course)
“I would like for our producer, Ms. Summer to reveal the contents of this box to our...” his eyes wandered off to all the couples “...slightly impatient contestants”.
Greg starts stuttering. I understand that he is scared as to what my reaction would be. I'm not sad actually. This was a chance to know more about Sherlock. I wouldn't have missed it for the worlds.
Honey, you know you can talk to me, right? About anything. A teacher you hate, a deep conversation about everything and nothing, the sky, your Biology homework, your relationships. Especially your relationships. I know the pain love can cause and
Even though Sherlock Holmes was an incredible actor, even though the whole thing was a set-up, even though everything was lies, for those glorious five seconds, John Watson felt
Now that John had Sherlock out of his mind, he noticed the other couples. He didn't bother trying to remember their names, he could always ask Sherlock. They were all straight couples except for one lesbian couple - Tara and Samantha. Apparently, they were the eighth couple he did not notice. Before he could analyze further, the director began talking.
I look at Sherlock. Who did he think he was kidding? Sherlock thought he could deceive me? Sherlock wasn't talking about London. He was talking about a very specific John Watson. I don't say a word. Sherlock himself suggested the removal of the ring, but he seemed confident that John would still love him.
Carrying you was a difficult time for me. Perhaps, that was when I grew. I grew along with you. I had to endure countless taunts from parents (When are you getting for yourself eh?). It wasn't easy but that's what made me strong. I learned to accept, learned to not give a damn about what people thought. I learnt the art of living my own life, living it in my own terms. I learned to let go of the things I couldn't change. I learnt to be happy about the things I had in life and be satisified. I became the boss of my own life. These are lessons that make me who I am today and I only hope you don't learn them the hard way like I did.
You know, you were worth it. Worth all of the taunting, the sympathy from relatives, the biological demands, the grief. Letting you go was one of the hardest things I did in my life. But, I am glad. The pain was worth bringing such a wonderful person to this world.
“You and your partner will be blindfolded and will be left in a room. Your objective is to find your partner and pull one of the ropes hanging from the ceiling. There are only four ropes, which sadly means that we’ll have to say goodbye to eight of you very soon.” His expression turned solemn.
Evidently, Lisa and Tom (her brother who went mad) had been playing cards with Mark (the lover). Mark and Tom were apparently good friends. Lisa and Mark once dated but they had a mutual breakup when they found out they wanted different things. Lisa soon started dating a guy called Adam online. No one knew who Adam was, except that he lived in Africa and soon intended to meet his online girlfriend. When he was contacted and told she was dead and how the brother went mad, he expressed some curiosity and little remorse and soon cut off all contact with Lisa's family.
It broke my heart to see John on the hospital bed. He really cared about me. I understood then how hard it had been for John to see my "dead" body. I had to show him that I wasn't dead. That impulse had completely ruined John. I only hope that he would forgive me for playing with his mind.
They all laughed again and scurried off to meet the band. Out of the corner of his eye, John saw that Mr. Sagarson had begun filming while Tom was making sure everything was okay with everything. He seemed really in command of everything despite his easy-going attitude.
It was a tactic on Mycroft's part. He knew that Anthea was angry because Mycroft didn't trust her. The only way to win a servant's loyalty was to let them believe that you trust them.
I go to 221 B. I thought I would black out or plunge into a hole of depression again. But surprisingly, I felt nothing. I realized 221 B was just another flat if there was no Sherlock in it. Mrs. Hudson is surprised to see me, but doesn't say anything.
Sherlock: (draft) I'm so sorry John. First the Black Lotus, now the fire...I wonder if you'll come back this time.
Sherlock: (draft) Just when I was getting over you, you come back into my life. Reminding me of why I fell in love in the first place.
I remember the day you were born. I and John were so tensed if you would be okay or not. John was walking up and down, his fists clenched. At the end, John couldn't take it. He went inside and performed the C-section. The other doctor didn't even object. It was understandable – the fire in John's eyes said it all. I was there too but I didn't do much except for sitting still like a statue. I will admit it was one of the scariest moments of my life.
Tom’s voice knocked some sense into John. Sherlock prodded John with his shoulder for the sake of the people watching. They both faked an expression of delight on finding each other (not so fake in John’s case, however). Sherlock took John’s hand in his and strode forward, clearly knowing what he was doing. John just held on to Sherlock’s hand, savouring the touch while it lasted. Sherlock halted to a stop, cursing slightly. Tony and Hannah had already used that rope. What were the odds? 0.25.
friends. Not the kind of friends with whom I had selfies with. Not a Facebook status. Not a mate to drink or go to a movie with.
Sherlock was completely giddy. Ecstatic. He felt like jumping in the air. He instead settled for hysterical laughter.
Before we go into the emo stuff, I would like to give you a few pointers from a female perspective. Your greatest asset is your hair. Girls (or later, women) go crazy for messy, curly black hair. DO NOT shave it completely or even partially as a trend or whatever. Just a tip. You can thank me later. Secondly, NEVER tell your parents about your partner unless you are serious. Sherlock will tear them apart with deductions (only because he's scared and jealous) and John will give the traditional "break him and I will break you" speech. If you don't believe me, ask Rosie (You do remember Mark, right?). Thirdly,
"You see, the song is about couples who know each other. It's about..hang on, I'll read out from the announcement" he took out his phone "...about couples who've endured hardships in the past, about time and constancy. We are in search of that couple who are an embodiement of the song - a couple that has no secrets."
"So, basically we are looking for a thief. He has quite a track record. But, why now? What did he steal to capture your attention?" Anthea asked, glancing through the file.
"John, I have only one piece of advice. Wait. Don't kill yourself now. You hallucinated that Sherlock asked you to wait. Do that. Don't kill yourself now. You are not rational enough to decide right now"
The anger subsided after a few days. But, the realization didn't. I had to move on. I couldn't let one dead man destroy my whole world. I wouldn't. I decided I'll mope around for a week every year. That week, I would lose all contact with the world, just stare dejectedly at the wall and get completely wasted. The other days, however, I decided I'll be the John I was when I was with Sherlock. Atleast, try to be that John.
“Nope.  You are familiar with something, but it sure as hell ain’t Uno.  And, my god, I have never known someone to lose so ungraciously.”
With a frustrated pout and feeling  worse than he did when he sat down on the couch, John got up and made his way to the bathroom to clean up and change his top. He then went and checked on his daughter and went to bed.
"John?" I ask, because now seems like a good time to see if I can get more from our situation.  John seems very soft and squashy and pliable at the moment.
“Sorry, I’ll see if I can speak to the criminal class and see if they can coincide their activities with you boring days.”
“I have the feet in the freezer” he said around a mouthful of food and it occurred to John that Sherlock was eating with more gusto than usual.
What he wasn’t surprised about was the way Darcy dropped and rolled as soon as Mycroft touched her head, hoping for a belly rub.  She really was a rubbish guard dog.
It was worded as a question but Greg somehow felt that this man already knew the answer.  Hell, there probably wasn’t a question out there that he didn’t know the answer to.
Half an hour later it was still disturbing.  John was going to have to find something to occupy the both of them.
The cameras outside the building were in working order, but he would have to send an email to Rogers, to make sure they hadn’t been tampered with.
The man just gave Greg a disapproving frown and kept walking forward and Greg just shrugged as a pulled a cigarette from the small box and slipped it into his mouth as he stepped out into the cool night air.
Sherlock stood up, stripped his gloves and turned to face Greg.  “I am assuming you can go on from here.  I’m not sure why you even called me.”
Greg rounded the tree, to see a happy Darcy wagging her tail with her nose pushed against the bare bum of John Watson.
“Wouldn’t dream of it” Greg replied, letting Sherlock usher him hurriedly out of the flat.  “You two have a good night” he called over his shoulder, with a cheeky wink and chuckled when Sherlock slammed the door closed.
This was depressing.  His partner, his love his John, had nothing decent to wear.  Nothing formal. Nothing even semi-formal. How did this man manage to get through life with cheap cotton, checks and stripes?
When Sherlock heard John put his phone down, he slowly turned and made his way over to his chair.  John was back to reading his novel again, no emotion on his face for Sherlock to gauge what sort of good news he had received.  He was going to have to wheedle it out of the man. “Good news?” he asked, picking his violin up and, so as to seem not too invested in John’s answer, he started fiddling with the tuning pegs.
"Yeah, I know" John says, his smile still spread over his face.  I am stating to not like that smile as much as I normally do.
Carefully, my hand goes down to where Johns hand is clamped on my hip and I try and pry it off of my body but I am unsuccessful.  All I manage to is to get John to grip tighter and mumble '
Well, that was a blatant lie.  If he was feeding Watson, or if we were in the middle of a crime scene and I asked him to cuddle pantless, I can guarantee he would say no.  Or chuck something at my head.  Or both.  Sometimes he is like that. But I also know how John likes hyperbole so when he says that he would be happy to cuddle me with no pants, any time I liked, what he is actually saying is that any time it is convenient and I wanted to cuddle with no pants, then he would be amiable and that is perfectly okay with me.
“The butcher murders” he said, holding a hand up to the screen, indicating that whoever he was chatting to, and Greg couldn’t see as the screen was facing away from him, to wait silently.
“Oh, my god” he said lightly.  “How could I not know that I had been planning my own bloody wedding?”
“John, I don’t think that is how you play the game” Sherlock stated as he looked down at the cards littering the sidewalk below.
“Oh, for fucks...Sally” he called and his Sergeant came over from where she was directing another officer.  “I’m taking this one up to the hospital.  You’re in charge” he told her, suddenly feeling very tired.
It wasn’t right to be thinking that. His friend had been verging on the edge of Hypothermia, shivering, yet still looking extremely annoyed. That, and Johns wife had been dead for less than a year.
Sherlock could tell the exact moment that it all dawned on John that he had, in fact, helped organise this wedding.
The look on Sherlock’s face was brief - blink and you’d miss it - but there was emotional hurt there.  Something that was not normally found on the face of Sherlock Holmes.
Mycroft had told Greg to give Sherlock two weeks.  He had given Sherlock three and had not heard even a whisper from the man.  Not even a text telling Greg to stop bothering him.  Which meant that Greg was now officially worried.
“High risk for you, not me.  You don’t do well, John, with being left sedentary, especially with the same person to keep you company.  And while it’s true that I get bored easily on a normal day, that is because on a normal day there is potential for something interesting to be happening.  I knew from the onset that that wasn’t going to be the case and prepared myself for it.  I can sit for prolonged periods of time so long as there is something to entertain my mind.”
Sherlock let out a groan of frustration.  “John. Apart from the photographers, you have made every decision.”
were.  “It’s just, they haven’t had a lot of rest lately, you know with all that has been going on and I don’t really want to disturb them.”
As they ate, John laughed at Eddie Murphy’s antics in Beverly Hills Cop 2.  Sherlock did not laugh once.  He went as far as stating that it was possibly the worst movie he had ever had the displeasure of watching.  After that, Sherlock worked on his cold case and John read his book. As ten thirty rolled past, John went and showered and when he came out, Sherlock was in bed.  Still not tired, John turned the TV back on and flipped through the channels until he came across an episode of Red Dwarf. He figured he would go to bed after the episode.
I loved and will always love the fact that we understood more of this world together; right now it is unfathomable to even think of that happening again with anyone else and even if it doesn’t, I already had that in this life while most people in this life never get to. I wished everybody did.
“May I come in Doctor Watson?” said Mycroft and John rolled his eyes and took a few steps inside his flat just making a hand gesture for Mycroft to come in.
Sherlock felt his whole body tense as John slowly and carefully re-introduced his finger. Sherlock was overwhelmed by the sensations and tried to relax but hard as he tried he couldn’t, he was too anxious and if he was honest, sort of scared. He wanted to let go, to be owned and above all, to give John everything he could ever want or need from him, but sex for the inexperienced is not easy, you are thinking and thinking and thinking.
Hi guys. I was looking forward to write a long chapter, but things in life happen and I am dealing with a broken heart. I hope this doesn't make you like this any less, I'd like you guys to keep reading because I am pouring my heart in here.
“Don’t resist me, love” said John. “Let me put my finger all the way up un your arse, let my finger fuck you” he continued as he stroke Sherlock’s cock harder and harder making the tip ooze more and more precum.
Thank you for the Kudos to everyone. I am currently on my bedroom floor (which is the place I am most comfortable writing), reading old journals and wrecking my brain for ideas. I really hope you like this; if anyone would like to beta this, please inbox me.
Sherlock felt John’s lips against his, crashing, invading, demanding. They were not the soft, hesitant still hurt lips he had tasted before, John Watson, HIS John Watson had found a way put aside his anger, the will have time to talk about everything and anything later, but right now, all either of them wanted to do -as far as Sherlock could tell- was to feel, not talk.
Sherlock walked back to Baker Street, he had only a few hours to prepare. He had never had a date, how can he prepare? Wait, did John expected to…? Oh bloody hell, what do people do in dates other than wine? dine? and… and… have sex? Sherlock certainly didn’t think this through
They were threading into unknown territory for both of them and each men spent the day thinking, sometimes out loud. John went home, took a long shower as we was convinced he smelled of disease and death. by 6.30 he was en route to Angelo’s.
Sherlock stopped dead on his tracks as he approached the restaurant and saw John already waiting for him. He was going to declare his love for John and take him on a full, proper date.
He tried to focus on sleeping, using the techniques his therapist had provided him with; at least this new therapist had focused on getting John to perform simple tasks like sleeping and eating at given times instead of making him talk about his grief and the unspoken feelings he had for his departed friend. John was thankful for that. Realizing trying to go back to sleep was a futile effort, he decided to write another letter.
I can recall the exact 30 times I almost told you, 12 of them when I was sure I was about to lose you, 7 times when I felt you were slipping through my fingers; I told you a thousand times how scared I was for you, but you never listened. I am well aware that this was your decision and your decision alone, but how couldn't you tell? You saw no other choice, you couldn't or perhaps even didn't want to fight.
“I have thought endlessly about regrets and the effect fear has on us. How many assumptions we make on someone else’s behalf because we think we are doing the best for them? I never dared to speak these words out loud out of fear of rejection, Sherlock, and then you were gone and it didn’t matter anymore, every hope I had was taken away from me in a heartbeat and all I could do was witness life’s frailty. Your absence broke me, but it also woke me up, I want to love and be loved to and by you. I understand there is a possibility that you don’t feel the same and I will respect it if that is the case, but I will no longer hide what I feel, or myself, or anything. Gay or straight, in love or in lust, with a woman or a man will no longer be good enough reasons to risk wasting happiness or miss it altogether”
I am only existing right now and for the time being that is enough. How I wish I could fast forward to months from now, when pain has subsided, but I believe I need to live this process and mourn; the need to cry is in our very human nature, but when you keep recycling the feeling, your soul remains unwashed and I must cry, to reminisce without resentment, to forgive slowly.
Though he was getting used to the easy routine he had created for himself, John woke up in the middle of the night on the sixth month anniversary of Sherlock’s passing, feeling angry and chuckling to himself, he wondered out loud “Stage number what of the grieving process?”
It surprised John, that Sherlock’s reply didn’t come immediately and then he remembered that two years have gone by, maybe Sherlock now slept through the night or worst, he didn’t have the same number which made John feel grateful that he had decided against writing that snarky message he typed and then deleted.
John placed his hand in Sherlock’s nape, bringing his face closer and closer but also painfully slowly. John’s lips went from Sherlock’s own lips to his cheekbones - Oh! those cheekbones - to his jawline, to his earlobe, to his neck as John’s hands slide around Sherlock’s shoulder up his neck to find the detective’s messy curls and John tug on them making the detective moan in pleasure and anticipation of John’s kisses and a very primal need at the hair tugging. Apparently his Doctor liked it a little bit rough.
It is physically impossible for me to stop thinking about you, this is so foreign to me, thinking about you and then not thinking about anything; thinking that you will walk through that door and yet knowing you never will again; making plans in my head with you while fully well knowing that it is no longer a possibility. Is this hope? Or simply part of the familiarity we shared in our years together?
There’s no deep insight, no inspirational and witty quote to mention, just a broken heart and the overwhelming need to heal and meet the new me born out of all this.
John smiled before jumping into a cab and promising to call - not text - letting him know when he got home to agree on the time.
Sherlock used his free arm to bring John closer to him  and whispered to the Doctor’s ear “I want you to bury yourself deep inside of me”, startling John.John quickly stood up and pull the detective by the hand, he intended to do just what Sherlock had requested and he was not going to give in to the fear or hesitation he was still feeling, he was going to be buried deep inside his Detective even if it took the rest of the night to get him ready…
That first night back at Baker Street was difficult for Sherlock; he was suddenly drained, like if all the sleepless nights in the last two years have caught up with him and as soon as Mrs. Hudson left, he went to his room to rest. He had only been sleeping for an hour when the nightmare started. It was a familiar scene: St. Bart’s; he had his phone in his hand and people where gathering around him and pointing up, to the roof, his stomach sunk, it was John now in that roof and he didn’t dare to keep looking up and clutched to his phone as if holding on to life, he began running in his dream but St. Bart’s only kept getting farther and farther. His phone rang and the fear of that moment awoke him. What have he done to his best friend? Why was it so important? Had his phone really rang?
John spent the next three days in a haze, going to work and avoiding his phone at all costs, but Mycroft wasn’t going to give up that easily, once John stopped taking his calls he resorted to call John’s office constantly; at the third day the calls stopped; John knew this was not the end of it but it was a welcome break. That was until a black car waited outside John’s flat as he was walking back from work.
The past month has gone by in the blink of an eye, and perhaps that is a good thing. I'd like to think the universe listened to my prayers and days are shorter, uneventful and I am still here, quiet, mostly keeping to myself, I think for the moment that is all I can aspire to offer.
Sherlock spun the doctor around and solemnly said “I’ll go but I need you to know… but only if you promise to meet me at Angelo’s tonight” Sherlock was not the only one with regrets about wasted time. John nodded and the detective left with a huge smile on his face.
“Please don’t leave”, Said Sherlock with a pleading look on his face. John didn’t listen, stepping out of the car as fast as he could and fumbling with his keys, this was no way to present yourself after being “dead” for two years, this was no way to treat your best friend. John heard the car door open and close while he was still trying to unlock his own door, he couldn’t do this, not right now; he wanted to have time to prepare but he had barely assimilated the news when he felt his not dead friend approaching him, slowly, hesitantly.
After being discharged from the Army, I had little to nothing to live for but you gave it new meaning, YOU changed the course of my life and I hope that I gave you something in return. Falling in love with you was inevitable, if I was a little more poetic I’d even say it was meant to be. I never had a story worth writing, then there was you. Thank you as for the briefest of times, I knew joy and adventure beyond my wildest dreams.  I can and will carry on because you made me this person, even when you ultimately destroyed me.
John spent a lot of time getting Sherlock ready and he not even once retrieved his finger. Sherlock was inching closer to orgasm and he began to buck his hips as John stroked his cock.
Forgetting is inevitable and I might forget the little things, like your smell and how you liked your tea but part of you will always live in me.
Said John with his eyes still shut, “Not physically” and Sherlock was suddenly hit with all of John’s empathy in the most painful of realizations. “And it is my fault” said Sherlock in a small and ashamed voice. Sherlock continued, “John, to ask you to forgive me, is the most selfish thing I will ever do in my life, but still I am doing just that, please forgive me, I miscalculated and never understood before, I still don’t understand how one person’s happiness and wellbeing and simply, their presence can alter the course of a life, my life. I don’t understand why I am so selfish, but I am the most selfish man you’ll ever know John; I chose to live a life away because your world would carry on without me, mine wouldn’t have carried on without you and that's what was a stake: a planet circling the sun without your warmth and caring and that John, is no place worth living in” Sherlock was overcome with emotion and he took a few seconds to compose himself as he realized that he was not only selfish but the most stupid man on the planet, how could he miss this all this time? How was it possible that he had been so oblivious to what his own heart was telling, no, scratch that, screaming at him. “I need a moment” he added, he needed to gather his thoughts, map a plan, plot for ways to be forgiven and most of all… welcome back.
“We danced around it long enough, John” Said Sherlock, breaking the kiss. “If felt more like if we were hiding” John replied, eyes closed and a tender, relieved smile on his face. ‘We couldn’t hide forever” added Sherlock.
Sherlock could’t sleep the rest of the night, afraid of dreaming the same thing again, so he withdrew to his mind palace.
This is so short it cannot and shouldn't be called a chapter, but it is the best I could do all things considered.
Sherlock’s reply was “Yes, of course, John”, his voice small and full of sadness. “We’ll talk, Sherlock just not now” John said before closing the door behind him.
Sherlock arrived home to Baker Street, taking 2, 3 of the steps at the time. He couldn’t wait to kiss John again, to hold him and touch his hand and… and… so much, so much more.
BTW - As from next chapter I will start adding the appropriate tags? warnings? I am still new at all this so please give me sometime to get into the mechanics of fan fiction tags/warnings/meanings.
Sherlock nodded and John pulled the detective’s trousers down and in a swift move he did the same with his own and both men now laid in bed in only their underwear. John knew Sherlock was the most erotic and perfect creature he had ever seen, there was no point comparing him to a woman or even to a man, he was in his own league, he was simply and extraordinarily, Sherlock. Sherlock in turn, thought about the magnificent and caring man above him about to fuck him senseless. They were both lucky.
Thank you for always being you and allowing myself to be just me, you have no idea how freeing was to be accepted despite my flaws. Thank you for everything you did without noticing, without knowing.
John didn’t stop his ministrations and carried on pushing his finger, slowly; twisting it inside just a little. Sherlock soon got used other sensation and he allowed himself to enjoy this and he began moaning softly.  John retrieved the finger and stoped his oral exploration and started using his hand instead to work the detective up. John licked his own finger and coated it in his own saliva, leaning down a little to spit on Sherlock’s bumhole and pushing his finger deeper inside.
John slammed the door and fell to the ground again. In the blink of an eye his flat was darker, had it gone cloudy suddenly? No. John felt his body sore when he tried to move, what time was it? Like it mattered. Like anything mattered. Sherlock was alive. Sherlock… alive. The weight of this hitting him again like a wave against a wall. Like a wrecking ball against that same wall, all at once. And he was the wall.
Sherlock held John’s arm before he was completely out of reach, pulling him back against him. “John, every time I am near you, I feel the need, I feel every need, to make you smile, to be the reason why you smile, to touch you and know why physical intimacy is so important to the whole world. When you are near there’s nothing i want more than to get under your clothes” John smiled and crashed his lips against Sherlock’s; “We can stop if you want to stop” added John. Sherlock didn’t reply but deepened the kiss.
He said something in French which was followed by a series of sighs and protests. Apparently, he told them he was going to play it one last time.
"I still do, I just hide it more successfully. Don't tell him!" he whispered dramatically. All of them laughed, including John. Despite all the conflict inside, it was impossible not to relax in Tom's presence. His happiness was contagious. He continued, still in that excited schoolboy tone:
John saw that almost everyone was making a beeline for Matt. It was easy to see why. He was the lead singer, songwriter, not to mention handsome as hell. He felt a stab of jealousy although he didn't understand why. He took Sherl..William's hand
I've made sure that the venue is available. I also sent invites. You should find out Sherlock's favorite flavor and book the cake –MH
"Here, let me help you with that" William said, reaching for John's wig. Their fingers touched - just like they did a million times before. But, something was different this time. John could feel his heart thumping out loud. He remained very still, not knowing what to do.
a baby John, how do I rise one?). John, the solider he is, kept calming Sherlock meanwhile asking me if it was okay. I panicked. I panicked real bad. Of course, I didn't tell them that. I merely told them I would think about it. But, I panicked a lot Hamish. It actually felt like I was the Universe's soap opera. It took me a tremendous amount of courage to agree and the main reason I did it was to see a smile from the family which had gone through the worst life has to offer.
He smirked in response, choosing to take a sip of wine instead. The smirk felt extremely familiar – nostalgia hit me in waves, but
The third time was for him believing that things could go back to normal. And, his definition of normal did not involve the proposal in the hospital. Therein lies the irony. I got what I wanted the most – Sherlock not dead, but in return, I had to give him up. I was cursed to love a man who would never love me back. In retrospect though, it was completely my fault. He warned me, in the very beginning,
We then thought as to what to get him. I expected Molly to blush (the Christmas incident was still fresh on my mind) and be embarrassed. But, she surprised me by talking amicably about what to get Sherlock. At the end, we decided to give the gifts separately (me because I wanted it to be only from me, her I don't know).
"Adler's head was bashed up. Sher..his head was fine. There wasn't a problem identifying him" she said.
John re-imagined the scene, him being the thief. He just pulled the pin out of the stand. The laser surrounding the stand would have set off the alarms as soon as his fingers touched the pin. Now, what? Thirty policemen would surround him in thirty seconds. Where would John hide in this precious thirty seconds? He glances around the room. The room is filled with ceramics, paintings, statues, metalwork, jewelry and lots more. Could he have posed as one of the statues?
Sherlock jolted out of his bed, certain that the apocalypse had begun. He dressed up in high speed. He racked his brains to remember how and when he had fallen asleep. All he remembered was having some tea and talking to John, or rather, complaining about the lack of a case. He washed his face again with cold water, trying to remember.
The man of thought was now replaced by a man of action. He took his cloak and ran out of the building, yelling:
My heart raced, the familiar surges of adrenaline spiking my body to action. However, I could not stop smiling – I was going to see Sherlock! I had no idea I missed him so much.
"How is this the first time I am hearing of him? After all he has done…" the Minister asks, flustered.
A question I cannot answer, John. I am torn between losing my mind, the very substance of who I am and becoming insane or losing…all of you. (Not Mycroft, though) –SH
"Well, I looked up Mr. Simmons." Sherlock said, breaking the silence that seemed to have conjured istelf. "He has a record. I think, John, he might be part of that dark flower group.." Sherlock raised his eyebrows to warn John about not giving the name
I decide that Mrs. Hudson deserved an apology. She had been a rock and I never did thank her for the things she did for me. However, she cuts me off.
Mrs Turner: This is Mrs. Hudson, boys. Sherlock, what have you done to the kitchen now? This is going in your rent. By the way, nice entry John, never knew you were philosophical.
Miss Summer slowly opened the box. It had eight black blindfolds and eight silver ones. The cameras focused onto them, while she slowly took one from the box and displayed it to all the contestants. They all looked confused, until Victoria (the cheating red-heeled woman) grunted:
You had your test. I said the very words, "Go John, go now." He replied "There's no point is there? There's not enough time and if we don't do this, other people will die!" We. The thought of running away alone does not cross his mind. There are several other pointers, you can check the video feed. Thank you, brother mine. I no longer have cold feet – SH
"Will you come then? I must remind you, right now we only need you in an advisory capacity" Mycroft says, ignoring the jab.
Unsure, I open a bottle of scotch and quench my fears. Dealing with all of it would be worth it only if I could see Sherlock again. Even if it's on a television screen. I put the DVD in and press play.
Relationships are never easy and I've learnt that the hard way. There can, and there will be, other people in your and their life. Do not dwell in the past. Rather, make your future. I had to go through the agony of watch the love of my life marry someone else. To rub salt on my wounds, I was best man. So, don't commit the mistakes I've made. Never be a coward. If you love someone, tell them. Tell it to the world. Tell them everyday. Show them as well. Yes, you will fight, there will be words. There always will be. But, is the person worth it? John is worth it.
Well, that explained why John blocked his messages. This was something John wanted to talk about in person.
It wasn't easy to pretend that it was an ordinary place. It's a place which held more shadows than lights, more memories than humans. Perhaps, that was why the gentleman purchased it from her. She walked on, moving past the grey buildings, occasionally shooing animals which had made their adobe in the old buildings.
I press send. My heart races. It was the first time I declared my love for anyone (excluding Redbeard). I would give anything to know what John was thinking right now.
I see his body, a crumpled mess of what is my world. The blood is everywhere and I rush to check his pulse. I wait. No pulse. I wait. Still no pulse. I'm ready to hold his hand until his heart beats again or mine stops. I wait. I wait until they pull me away from my one true love. I can't leave him. I can't. My entire world has collapsed. Both my legs hurt this time but I hardly feel the pain. I feel numb, there's only one thought in my head: How do I get Sherlock back?
Really, John? I expected something more along the lines of my…never mind. Favourite color…I already told you I have no favorites! It's illogical, preferring something over the other for no reason. However, purple appeases my eyes, to answer your question – SH
John tears up a little. This was the first time Sherlock had said that he needed John. Perhaps…perhaps he loved him? A little atleast? NO. WATSON. It's too late now.
"Hello Diana! It's so great to meet you in person!" Hamish replied, trying his best to sound like a fan.
"The thing about Mary…she has changed everything" John began, wanting to tell Sherlock, to explain why he was marrying Mary.
My hand reaches to my DVD player but I stop. I realize I would see Sherlock again. But, I would also have to deal with the fact that he isn't here anymore. Watching Sherlock talk again would take me back down to a trip in the memory lane. I would be forced to deal with the fact that life in the present is nothing compared to the life of the past. Sherlock's loss would hit me again. Was I ready to deal with that?
of jewellery but not much clothes. He had a wad of cash in his hands and he was posing as if someone interrupted him while he was counting his money. All of them were slightly smiling when they entered.
"Well, it's time you guys! The whole crew is completely excited about this. It took us a lot of time and effort and we are extremely proud of the result. It has been quite a journey for us – we did a test run with the crew and it has been eye opening indeed (here he looked at Mr. Sagarson sheepishly) but what matters is the end. After a lot of re-evaluation and consultation with psychiatrists, we've made the infallible
"You're welcome, mate. Though, there will be no presents for ten more years or so, mind you" he said, merriment in his eyes. This was what Sherlock preferred best. A nice time with a friend.
I stop at the doorway, fighting the rush of memories that were trying to overpower me. It was too much.
with John. He imagines a candlelight dinner with John – Angelo giving them a knowing smirk. They would eat casually, perhaps hold hands. John's fingers would slightly brush Sherlock's. His heart races just at the thought. They would soon leave – since John's touch always turned on Sherlock. John would do these slight, barely touching strokes on his forearms that turns Sherlock's blood electric. They would look at each other- Sherlock uncertain but John determined. John would hold Sherlock's head in place – determined not to let Sherlock run away because that's what Sherlock did when he was confused. He would
"Surely, you are stupider than you look. That was the one that the crowd loved. You clearly have no taste in music. My apologies, I should have known" he said sharply.
He stood as the door opened. The last rays of the day illuminated his pale skin, making him look less human and more god-like. His hands were thin, each finger long and sleek. Capable of handling very delicate equipment yet strong enough incapacitate a man. His legs moved at a slow pace, yet Mrs. Hudson knew that he could run faster than the wind if he wanted to. His hair was ruffled, he had the gift of looking angelic without having to do anything at all. His blue eyes sparkled. He looked like a man who had just made a major decision and was happy about it.
Sherlock Holmes: Mrs. Hudson, a man's life was hanging in the balance. Surely, you wouldn't be conceited to think your kitchen was worth more than his life.
"But Sherlock is really dead. I recognized him and he's dead, John. No matter how much I hoped, reality hit me John. Sherlock is dead. The hospital has issued a death certificate."
Will I? Doubts start creeping in. For the first time, I feel incredibly angry at myself. Angry for letting him control me. Why should I mope around for a man who never truly cared about me? Who may/may not have loved me? It was high time that I moved on. Maybe I'll ask that nurse out.
The end of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. The end of an era. Sherlock's fumbling with time fuze but I knew there was nothing that could be done. It was over. Our lives were going to end in a minute
I start packing. I had separate rooms for John, Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, my parents, Molly,Moriarty and Lestrade. I go to their rooms, packing everything. I realize that these were the things that defined me, made me who I am today. I take Redbeard along with me.
The past few days had been fun, in John's opinion. Of course, Agent Delta was beyond mad that Mr. S got through his security. Again. To Mycroft, Mr. S was a buzzing bee in his ear which had suddenly bitten him. Mycroft did not like defeat. But, of course, the British Government had known that the pin would be stolen.
The case was a seven. I wish John had come. I made a few deductions which he would have loved. I found out that the client's bank (client is the owner of a major bank) is going to be robbed. The client has been receiving death threats but he did not realize the criminals were going to hit his bank first. I found out which branch they were going to steal, and now I'm in the vaults, waiting for them. My homeless network estimate they are going to hit the bank in six hours, so I'll have to wait till then. The client is with me but he's too anxious to talk to. I consider going to my mind palace, but I stop. My mind palace was too messed up, Moriarty's network took a lot of work in my mind palace. I may have to build a new one. I open my phone and see if I received any texts. I see John's name, and before I knew it, I sent hi.
John was actually hoping Plan A would fail. He had a lot of fun deducing about Mr. S these past few days.
Her words help me realize what I had come here for. That I needed to move on from Sherlock. Mary deserved that.
A snider voice told him "You woke up in the morning, disoriented. You found the flat empty, and this only increased your confusion. You unconsciously fell into a routine which would soothe your disorientation – namely, following order in the chaos. The first thing was to make tea. You picked the teabag which was easily accessible – one that was already on the top of the box and not tightly packed between other tea bags. My God, he
"Good morning, Hamish. Now, get ready. You need to be there in an hour. I'll come by a little later"
Mycroft pauses. This was it. Sherlock's reply would tell him everything he needed to know about this love triangle.
"I was serious about the ten year thing. I told them they didn't have to get you gifts for the next ten years so to put the effort into a good one. So, don't go expecting these gifts the next year."
His iPhone vibrated, clearly the app had begun its work. Great. As if he needed another remainder of how close he and Sherlock were sitting and what little effort would be required to hold his hand. John sighed. He had a feeling that it was going to be a long day.
There was Matt who was sitting on an ordinary wooden chair with his palm supporting his face and the other on an arm of the chair. He looked every bit like a king waiting. Peter was standing behind Matt's chair, naye, throne, both his arms folded on the back of the chair and his head a foot above Matt's. Even though Matt looked the king, Peter looked like the all-knowing wise one. Diana was there, with her killer red heels and the most violently painted crimson lips. She was sitting on a table, her legs fully stretched for everyone to admire. Alexa was completely goth and John had to admit – she was
needs. Personal gain. Priorities shift, impressions don't last, happiness is made comparative. There was a basic human tendency – right from a three year old kid – people get
"Very good, John, considering I didn't show you the steps in advance. A spur of spontaneity you shall forgive me." Sherlock's arms fall to his sides and he takes a step back from John, his demeanor seemingly calm and collected as usual.
Sherlock's hands on the small of John's back are grasping his shirt. "I'm sorry, I should have anticipated... the peculiar effect of tango."
It’s quite impressive to see Rosie this excited, this early in the morning. The same Rosie who, on any normal day, hogs their bed until late and has to be bribed into getting up with the promise of pancakes.
“Yeah, we’ve already talked about this, love. I know, but - “ John pauses for a moment in search of the right words, “ - we really, really must go now, if we want to be there on time.”
He had hoped it was just a gross stereotyping, but the wild gesticulation that punctuates their - surely trivial - discourses would be enough to give him a headache. The small bar table he’s seated at is a sticky mess and - oh god - are those two youngsters snogging?!
“And you believed you were calling a certain ‘Samantha’”, the other man continues, “Not a girlfriend; unlikely to call one at that hour, and you being in that state. A friend maybe - but, no; you didn’t have her number saved or correctly memorized - so, an acquaintance from the past, perhaps someone amenable for a casual encounter of sexual nature, a… what do you call it?”
Sherlock stepped back into the car and headed to Baker Street, John didn’t say he wanted to work with him again, hell, he didn’t even say if he wanted Sherlock in his life again, but they would talk at least once more and the feeling that filled Sherlock in that moment was enough to make the detective smile and… what was this feeling? Hope?
John sensed Sherlock’s hesitation and he wanted to help, he wanted his detective to feel comfortable and to enjoy what they were about to do. John slowed the movement of his finger and went back to kissing Sherlock and whispered sweet nothings to his ear.
Sherlock smiled before asking “May I come in?” to which John replied with a nod and a hand gesture for him to come inside. John closed the door and again, with a hand gesture offered Sherlock a seat.
Mrs. Hudson was happy to have the man she loves like a son back, but she could tell there was still a palpable emptiness in Sherlock’s smile. “He’ll come around, Sherlock, he needs time to process this and once you explain to him, he’ll forgive you and you’ll be back in each other’s lives” Sherlock smiled a shy smile, he certainly hoped so.
Mycroft opened his mouth to speak but he just nodded and agreed. “John, you have my number, please call when you have had the time to… to…” Mycroft let a deep sigh before he continued. “When you have had the time to get over the original shock that this information provided” The iceman was back.
John moved his hips more deliberately and he resumed kissing his lover, pushing his tongue deep inside, assaulting not only his ass but his mouth, leaving the detective unable to breathe...
John went to bed, not thinking much but thinking everything at the same time. These last two years had been incredibly hard. He had to rearrange his life because Sherlock was dead, but he wasn’t, it had all been a lie, but WHY? “WHY SHERLOCK?” John would ask himself out loud and reaching for his phone several times to call Mycroft, to demand an explanation. Sleep caught up with him in a nightmare riddled night.
P.S.2 Should you find any typo/grammatical mistakes, you can blame my Mac and the fact that English is my second language. (Feel free to point out typos)
John decided to text Sherlock in the middle of the night, he was sure Sherlock would be awake and thanks to Mycroft, he’d still have his old phone number which -unsurprisingly - was still saved in John’s phone. He typed the message several times before settling on:
John was too astound to say a word, and he just stayed there, in the middle of his sitting room. Happy? Yes. Terrified? Oh hell yes. John berated himself, “No more fear” reaching out for this phone and typed…
Instead, he placed his hand on John’s shoulder startling the Doctor, John smiled a shy smile an pointed out to the candlestick that sat in the middle of the table and both men laughed. It was perhaps, the first relaxed moment they have had since they saw each other again. They ate in relative peace and making small talk, avoiding certain subjects altogether.
Sherlock sensed John;s hesitation and he was now the one undoing John’s shirt buttons dexterously, hurriedly. John held Sherlock’s face in his hands and slide them a second lated to Sherlock’s neck, lading on his chest and he emulated the detective’s actions. John let his hand slip inside Sherlock’s shirt and felt a rush of energy going from his head to his groin. His skin was so soft, his chest so firm with enough muscle definition to be considered fit but not overly done. John let his hand slide further down, reaching for his belt and his eyes met the detective’s; his eyes full of need in a silent plea. Sherlock crashed his lips against John’s and in turn, undid John’s own belt.
He didn’t even stopped or flinched as he opened the door to Sherlock’s bedroom, his fantasies had always taken place in there. He stopped, though, when he looked at the bed, how many nights after St. Bart’s had he spend here? Wrapped in Sherlock’s clothes and pillows? John closed his eyes and gulped, he needed to let all of that go and focus on the half naked man standing in from of him.
“John, I can hear you behind the door” Said Sherlock with an exasperated but pleading tone. John slowly turned the know and he felt the weight of the world crashing on him as he came face to face with his very alive friend.
"Sherlock, I… I, I honestly don’t know what to say; there is no point in lying and saying that I am not happy that you are not dead, but how does that change anything? It took me a great deal of time to come to terms with the fact that you had important reasons to jump only to now find out that you may have not even jumped? This feels like an out of body experience and all I can say is that I do not know what to say and for the moment and all things considered, that’s ok, that’s enough for today” said John without turning around and finally turning the key, feeling betrayed.
Your absence permeates every aspect of my life, your influence is palpable and if anyone dared to look close enough, my pain and how broken down I am will be evident and painful to witness. That I know. How nobody else hears my cries is both a success and a great failure. Please, give me some time to heal, part of me wants to know this is not a state you’d like to see me in. I have begun to, though, as I’ll say goodbye to the confines of our shared life that bore witness to our sad and unrequited love story.
John repeated the tortuous ritual to the other nipple making Sherlock raise his hands to the Doctor’s shoulders, not to stop him but to hold on to something, afraid his shaky legs were about to betray him. John smiled to himself and whispered “Open your eyes and surrender yourself to me”
I will figure out a way to survive this, if this last month is any indication, it will be achieved by not thinking and avoiding feeling anything as much as possible. What is worst, Sherlock? To feel so much that the world stops and oxygen is sucked off my lungs without you? or not knowing if I am actually healing by not feeling anything?
John was now staring intently at Sherlock, John’s mind was racing, his hopes soaring; Sherlock was so close John could just stand, take 1, 2 steps, cup Sherlock’s face with his hands and, and, and…
I have decided to switch the posting days to Tuesdays and Thursday which are the days I am most certain to have time off to write. Worry not, though, I have the plot sort of mapped out and things seem to be flowing in the right direction.
Mycroft had spoken to Mrs. Hudson a few days after speaking to John so it was no surprise to her when she heard Sherlock’s footsteps coming up the stairs; she was waiting for him, tea in hand and she allowed him to have the conversation John didn’t let them have. Sherlock was shocked to see the tears fall from Mrs. Hudson’s face, why was anybody so surprised to find out that he needed them alive? He cared about them, surely they must have known, sure, sentiment is a defect found on the losing side but it didn’t mean he didn’t care.
“Can I see you tomorrow?” Asked Sherlock, his voice soaring, full of hope. He didn’t know what would be of him if John couldn’t or worst, if he said no. John took a step forward and delivered a second, more incendiary kiss, full of need to ease Sherlock’s doubts, after all, John had learned a thing or two about reading people. Sherlock was left speechless. He was full of want and need, surely this isn’t normal, is it? How do people, normal people do this and concentrate on other aspects of life?
Some fluff and definitely some smut is coming but I am going to make them wait a bit, but not too much.
John began to stroke Sherlock’s cock mercilessly. He needed to make him come, to bring him to total ecstasy; he needed to own him in the most primal of ways.
“John” Began Sherlock, with very little clue of what he’d say; he had rehearsed this conversation thousands of times, he wanted to express in the simplest of forms the reasons that drove him to fake his own dead, but that foreign feeling of need and concern was still there, lingering, forcing him to re-evaluate every scenario he had devised. He had no choice, he could only try and explain the facts and the confusion that came, grew and cemented in his life for the past two years. “John, I am sorry. There is no good way to explain the reasons why I did what I did without telling you facts and data. Chalk it up to misanthropy, blame my lack of cues on social norms to think that not telling you was my one and only option. I should have told you, I should have known that this was going to hurt you in ways that I have no desire or the strength to think about” Sherlock took a deep breath and took a minute to gather his thoughts as we examined John; John, tired, trustworthy, friendly, perfect John, who was now holding the arm rest of the sofa, eyes closed, taking deep breaths. “Are you hurt?” Sherlock asked wondering why his friend was suddenly the embodiment of pain.
If only knowing changing my feelings for you would bring you back, I would. There's nothing I wouldn't do to bring you back, but also, how can I stop loving you? How would I hide this love? I am giving myself the chance not to think, cause if I do I will cry and be paralyzed by pain and as much as I love you, paralysis is a luxury I cannot afford. Life needs to go on, I just don't know how. I wished your life carried on.
John had barely slept in months as the nightmares made it difficult to sleep; he could still see Sherlock jumping from the roof several times a night. He started avoiding sleeping and focused on taking naps throughout the day, always the right amount of time to avoid dreams and nightmares; his brain was always working, “This is what he must have felt” John though to himself several times. How was it possible that only now, in Sherlock’s absence he was able to understand his friend? He shook his head every time and it was time to start the grieving process again, to cry as that first night, alone in Baker Street.
So sorry people. I ended up in the hospital and I had to recover and go to work and let myself be pampered by my wonderful boyfriend.
What haunts me the most is what you said, why did you confess to being a fraud when it was a lie? What would compel you to prove Moriarty right when all evidence is pointing to the fact that Moriarty is in fact a criminal and he fabricated all accusations against you? It’s hard to reconcile so many words with your actions. Sorry, I am being repetitive, but you are not here to stop me. I am tired of trying to understand, tired of missing you, tired of forgiving you.
Sherlock mind was in a haze, this was all new to him and he was trying to catalogue everything, the look on John’s face, the wait John’s skin smelled, the rush of electricity when they touched, but hard as he tried, his transport had other ideas and he was unsuccessful on saving every detail, he was only able to feel, to react to the way John was kissing him and on what his own body was demanding of him right at this moment. If he was lucky, he’d have many more chances to save every second in his mind palace, right now, there was only sensation, no logic.
John took  look at his flat. HIS flat -- no longer Sherlock’s -- and he could only sigh before reaching for his laptop and roam the internet for a new living arrangement.
John stood frozen for a second wondering what would have possessed Sherlock to interpret his reply as a 4 am invitation. John could’t help but smooth his clothes, take a deep breath and smiled, this was in pure Sherlock fashion, careless about social norms, time and people...
As they undid each other’s belts, John got braver, and unzipped Sherlock and in a swift but nervous move his hand reached for his lover’s cock, it was hard already and warm, and velvety and John’s mouth watered; he was worried about not feeling right to touch him in this intimate way and he smiled to himself when he felt his desire growing just as his own cock. If John -and Sherlock - had any doubts about them being able to like touching each other, they evaporated the moment John started stroking Sherlock. Sherlock emulated John’s actions and began stroking him. John closed his eyes and bent his head backwards letting out a moan, a delicious, deep, longing moan.
"I guess I better write to the wind hoping that wherever he is he can listen, he deserves to know how loved he is"
John put down the pen and wondered why he chose to write this down instead of typing, Writing is a more personal form of communication, no edits, you write the truth, and if you don’t like something you can only strike it but it will always be there, in letters we speak the truth no matter how painful it is.
His friend had been exonerated of all charges a month before; NSY was able to prove his innocence, only two years late. He and Lestrade met often but John still had trouble even to the mention of Anderson and Donovan and he wanted absolutely nothing to do with them. Anderson was the most remorseful and had tried to reach out to John to apologize, but john was having none of it. He hated them but Donovan in particular. She was the freak, the bully, the true evil, not Sherlock. Eventually, both of them stopped trying to greet and even talk to John. It was for the best.
John felt his legs betraying him as he walked to the door. 1, 2, 3, 4 steps. He then held the door knob tightly before taking a deep breath. He was startled by a second knock on the door.
Both men sat in John’s living room in silence but sitting side to side, their hands touching. Sherlock’s mind was racing, what is anyone supposed to do after a kiss like that? What do you do after declaring your love, your devotion?, wait, had he said those words? He remembered John saying specifically that he loved Sherlock, but has Sherlock said anything before that kiss?, “Oh no!” whispered Sherlock. “John, I…” said Sherlock before he was interrupted by John, “I have to get ready for work, lo… Sherlock”, “I understand” replied the younger man.
“He is alive, John” said Mycroft as John’s world came crashing down. He fell to the floor, losing his ability to stand, to think, to breathe, to exist. How can someone alter your whole existence twice, by dying, by being alive? What kind of twisted game was this? Did he hear Mycroft correctly? It couldn’t be, could it?
Sherlock opened his eyes in utter disbelief, looking at John like a child receiving his most desired gift on Christmas morning. He loved John too but the feeling was so new to him he was – perhaps for the first time – unable to find the words. Before Sherlock had a chance to speak, John continued, after all, John wasn’t sure that Sherlock cared about him in another way than as his best friend.
Far from the center and excitement of the London where there was no Mrs Hudson, no clients, no crimes to solve and most of all, no Sherlock; John drank tea and it was a quiet Wednesday morning when there was a knock on the door of his small flat, there was something familiar about it; something that made John’s stomach turn as he slowly approached the door. He took a deep breath when he realized who was on the other side. “Mycroft”, John said with all the iciness he could muster.
John looked away and all humor and previous happiness disappearing from his face. This pained Sherlock more than the beatings he endured while dismantling Moriarty’s network. He couldn’t help but reach out and place his hands over John’s but nothing could have prepared him for the electricity he felt. He had touched John endless times and he had even kissed him just today but John’s vulnerability and Sherlock’s need to comfort him were a welcome surprise, a new, wonderful feeling that made the detective hyper aware. He wanted to touch John and recreate the feeling as much as possible.
I am also really scared because I don’t know how much I can take, because I don’t know if this the end, the end of my pain. I can’t go on like this, you kept things from me and it is useless to pretend that I didn’t notice, you destroyed me, you cock! I don’t believe you are a lie but I also don’t believe in you. Whatever reason you kept from me only makes sense so many times,
Running his thumb over the Doctor’s hand, Sherlock was being soothing to his friend. “John, nothing I could ever do will erase what I did to you, but it was all for you and I will never regret keeping you safe. I hope you find it in your heart to forgive me because right here, right now, this is all I ever wanted. You.. you are all I ever wanted and I.. I… Sherlock ran his hands through his hair, why is it always so difficult to say things that will bring us happiness? People say hate words all the time yet, I love yous die before they are spoked billions of times a day. John was right, fear was a crippling feeling and despite all it costs us we still don’t learn and we continue to let it run our lives.
I am hoping to write Chapters 3 and 4 this week and begin with the interesting part of this story on Monday March 13th.
The detectives senses new in overdrive, how had he gone without anyone’s, no, John’s touch his whole life was a question that he would have to actually think about later; it was now clear to him why chemistry and biological processes were called love and lust, he was experiencing or about to experience one of, if not the best thing of what the human body had to offer.
Sherlock’s moan dissolved any doubt the doctor might still have about going too fast or if the detective would prefer something more tamed. John lips then went to Sherlock’s nipples and lapped on it, sending shivers all the way to his inexperienced lover’s body making his cock twitch. John was feeling even bolder and gently bit Sherlock’s nipple and the moan that followed should have been enough torture to stop, but no, he was going to make this a night to remember, he was going to make Sherlock come apart.
John made a motion to stand and was closely followed by Sherlock. What was the deal with Sherlock, John asked himself as he was still closely followed by the detective. “Sherlock I really need to get ready for work”
The kiss grew more urgent, more demanding and before the detective could tell, his calves reached the couch and John pushed him, making the detective sit before the Doctor sat on Sherlock’s lap and placing his legs to either side. John may be shorter, but he was in control of the taller man from above. John’s hands wouldn’t stay still and soon enough he was untucking Sherlock’s shirt and fumbling with the buttons. The detective froze and John soon noticed.
“I love you, John, now that I understand it, I cannot think of a moment when i haven’t loved you, when I haven’t needed you but I didn’t know, still don’t know what it all means or what I am supposed to do. I cannot promise I will never put your well being over my own ever again, because I’d be lying and I do not want to lie to you anymore. Please give me a chance and I promise I will always do my best even when you think it is my worst. I love you, you love me, don’t force me to find out what it actually is to lose you.
Contrary to Sherlock, John had a restful night, where he dreamt he was back on Baker Street sitting next to his flatmate, solving crimes, spending their days together, yet he woke up in the middle of the night but unlike all the dreams he had about his best friend in the last two years, he didn’t wake up sweating or on the verge of tears; no, he was nervous and happy and… hopeful. In many ways John was ready to listen to Sherlock but he knew deep down, he was not ready to do any of the things he dreamt, he was only willing and wanting to listen.
“The game is on” Said Sherlock before stepping into the restaurant. Was he supposed to great John with a hug and a kiss? Just sit down? Next to him? In front of him? Jesus! This is more complicated than he ever anticipated.
John was still above the detective and wasn’t actually sure how to proceed, all hisself confidence was gone as he remembered that he was almost as inexperienced as Sherlock. John had never been with a man before, no matter how tempted he was during his Army days, he had managed to help himself because he was simply not attracted to men. All that was now a distant memory, he really, really wanted the man underneath him, he wanted Sherlock, he wanted to kiss him, to undress him and explore him. to watch him in all his vulnerability and be the reason why such a brilliant man came apart. John Watson, Army doctor, conductor of light, bravery personified, was suddenly scared and unsure of how to proceed.
Sherlock couldn’t continue. There are some things that cannot be explained. Heartache as much as we discuss it, can only be felt and only time teaches us to bear it. John finally found his key but he was hesitant on turning it; he was angry, upset but also relieved, Sherlock wasn’t gone. He was here alive and he wanted to explain everything to John.
To everyone reading: My sincerest apologies. Life has a funny way of complicating things, with the switch to Daylight Savings Time and work I barely had time to write this.
Sorry for the cliffhanger (if anyone is actually enjoying but above all, reading this). I just told my BFF I am a bit too giddy writing this and wanted a cliffhanger because... reasons and suddenly I know how Moftiss feel. I think she's not going to be too happy with me tomorrow.
“I am ready, John, I am ready” said the detective and that was all John needed to push his cock slowly but decidedly inside Sherlock’s ass. he was gentle but firm, greedy but willing to give his lover a good first time, something to remember with fondness and awkward as first times are.
He heard the front door open and if the familiar footsteps where any indication, he didn’t actually have to wait until the next day...
Our story was brief,  but not perfect nor easy, damnit! Can it be classified as a story? I will never know, it is though, amazing, rewarding and unique with all its twists and turns. I would change the outcome, but I have my own story to write, stories that I am hoping are amazing.
The first 4 chapters will be John writing letters and mostly talking to himself in an attempt to come to terms with Sherlock's absence in his life.
I still love you, I still miss you and I wish I could have told you all those times I had the chance but didn’t, out of fear. Fear. Such a funny little world, yet it ends relationships and endeavors before they start and separates people, feelings and ideas that could have otherwise changed the world; fear changes history everyday and we still don’t overcome it, we still let it run our lives. I am letting you go, but it doesn’t mean I need to forget you, but I need to move on in life and from Baker Street to salvage whatever is left of me. People make choices and we must respect them regardless of how difficult it is for the people left behind to deal with them. I owe it to myself and our brief time together, not let your absence destroy me. I’ll deal with the consequences of many years of bad decisions, but never for a second think that I regret any aspect of us.
If you are reading this, PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, comment below. This is my first time writing smut and I really don't know if I am doing it right.
I have made peace with the fact that what happened is beyond my control. You broke your promises and it still wouldn’t matter if you were here. Consider this a testament of my love for you that I would have forgiven you if you have chosen to stay, but again, it was never in my control.
John let out a sigh and put his phone down as he went to the loo, in a few short hours he would see his best friend again, it was still too early to get ready for work and the anticipation would not let him go back to sleep so he decided to made some tea. He took a quick shower while the water boiled. He would never admit this to Sherlock but this was the first time in years that he was looking forward to work, to the day, to life.
“Sherlock, we cannot erase the last two years, and just like you, I can only promise to do my best but we need to take it one day, one emotion at the time. this is not only new for you, this is new for me. Not the I am in love with a man part, but this” -the doctor pointed to each of them -
