“It was.” Cas looked down at his feet as they continued to walk. Softer, he admitted, “It is. But I don’t know what there is to say.”
“No need,” the man was saying as the door swung closed behind them.  As they rushed down the street, Sam heard his voice trailing off.  “Half the town’s already there, but the firefighters need more . . .”
?” Gabe probed.  “A nickel a day to ride with us.  That seem fair?”
Dean grunted and fell back on the bed with a soft thud.
“I’m sure you are,” Cas teased, getting to his feet.
"Exactly!  No one to hear us scream."
Dean blinked again, his mouth hanging open like a damn idiot.  “Oh. So you too aren’t . . .?”
Castiel knew that was only to goad him, but it still cut a tear in his chest.  He ground his teeth and continued to the kitchen.
Sam's eyes flickered from him to Dean's door, and something cautiously hopeful flashed in his expression.  "Are you two—?"
been bringing him to life?”
Slowly, as Dean walked further into the park, the voice coming from the speakers became a little easier to make out, and Dean realized he recognized it.  It was Michael Novak.  He stopped short, listening for what direction it was coming from.  He could still only make out every couple of words, but he thought it was coming from the other side of the pavilion, closer to the water.  If he'd find Cas anywhere right now, it'd be there, and he knew he'd better get moving before the speech was over and Cas was lost again.
“Thank you for coming in on such short notice.  I know you weren’t scheduled to be here today,” Michael said, as if Castiel had a choice.  He was at his brother’s beck and call for the foreseeable future—possibly even the rest of his life.
?” Jack griped.
Dean bit down on his jaw, expression shuttering. Something inside of him wanted to defend their father, no matter what he’d felt on the subject for the majority of his life. But that wasn’t the reason he swallowed another mouthful of whiskey and muttered, “Yeah, well, maybe he was right.”
“With fries,” Gabe assured him, giving Castiel a last pat on the shoulder before he turned and left the room. Once again, Castiel tried to make himself count to ten before looking at Dean, but he only got to five before he gave in, his stomach letting out a small flutter of anxiety as he wondered what Dean must think of him.
Castiel swallowed, his mouth suddenly very dry. “I don’t— I don’t know!”
A few minutes later, after they’d pulled apart and eaten most of the croissants (“God, Gabe,” Anna had groaned, “this is like crack.”) Anna nudged Castiel. “So where’s this friend of yours? Dean the Hot Nurse and even Hotter Mechanic?”
Dean hummed from where he was kissing the inside of Castiel’s thigh. “No. It wasn’t a lie.”
“So you need a new car?” Dean stared disbelievingly at him. “Cas, why didn’t you tell me before?!” He grabbed Castiel’s wrist and tugged him in the direction of the road. “C’mon, Cas!”
“It’s…” Castiel frowned just a little. “Good. The best, actually.” His face split into a grin so wide his cheeks ached, Dean’s expression mirroring his own. “And I… I slept. All night.”
Castiel watched him for a moment before gently asking, “No parents?”
“Dean, if you don’t calm down, you’re going to give yourself a stroke.” Castiel rubbed Dean’s tense arm placatingly. “There’s nothing to worry about!”
Dean laughed openly. “Hoo boy, I’m glad I’m not on the receivin’ end of that look. Talk about daggers.” He leaned closer to Castiel and whispered, “Don’t tell anyone, but
losing?” Gabe raised an eyebrow.
“Ah’ll fay,” Dean grunted through a huge mouthful of oatmeal before swallowing. “All right. This snowstorm. When did it become a thing?”
The ride home was quick, the streetlights gleaming under the overcast sky. The rain from the previous weekend had softened to a drizzle by Monday, but the thick layer of purplish clouds had continued to lean on the city like an unwanted elbow pressed against a shoulder. “Home sweet home,” Castiel said to Bastet as he carefully carried her through the damp garden and in through the back door.
Castiel almost smiled. “It’s fine.”
The corner of Dean’s mouth perked up in a smile. “Really? Okay. It’s a great little economy car. I think you’ll really like it.”
Castiel: sounds like you’re hard at work
“I don’t like leaving her alone,” Castiel replied, going down the front steps of his porch and setting out across his yard. “She isn’t used to the cast yet, and I’m too worried that she’s going to fall or pull out her stitches or something like that.”
Castiel nodded and smiled. “Actually, there is. But I’ll need to shuffle again.”
because this was easily the best spaghetti and meatballs he’d
Castiel’s face broke into a smile and he carded his fingers through Dean’s hair again, loving that he could do this now. “Merry Christmas, Dean.”
Dean grinned wickedly at him. “I think that calls for a celebration.” He slid down Castiel’s body, kissing the skin of his stomach, his happy trail, right down to the nest of hair where his cock sat and twitched in expectation. Castiel inhaled a shuddery breath.
“Sure thing, Cas.” Dean smiled in return. “See you later.” He stepped out of Castiel’s office, and Castiel refocused on the matter at hand.
Gabe noticed and his face twisted with fury; he gave Michael an extra-hard shove out of the room, the door flying open. He manhandled Michael down the stairs, shouting things that Castiel couldn’t discern, and Castiel gripped the edge of the desk, feeling the room start to spin around him, his vision blurring, his lungs unable to take in enough oxygen as his throat constricted with fear.
love ya lots and thank you so much for reading <3
RN Sally nodded. “Of course. What do you want? Salad? Some pasta? A burger?”
Once again, Dean looked as though someone had slapped him, or maybe hit him over the head with an anvil. He was staring at Castiel, gobsmacked, his mouth hanging open. “I—I don’t—” He shut his mouth with a
The cattle weren’t the only things they brought.
“But…Daddy? Claire?”
The girl shrugged again.  “You got me.  But a bunch of the other girls were scared.  Rowena got him to leave, but I got the feeling it wasn’t over.”
would.
“Get the hell out of here,” Jo barked at the drunk, practically wiping the bar with his face as she shoved him away.  He stumbled backward.
So Dean
Sam decided to take pity on him.  “We don’t need those,” he said when he reached Cas.
She visibly forced herself to look up at him. He searched her face.
He turned back to Meg, who was expecting an answer.  He nodded, and she barely waited for him to finish the movement before grabbing him by the hand and leading him into the front room.  Castiel cast a look over his shoulder at Dean, who shot him a grin that didn’t reach his eyes.
And he also realized they were in a very public parking lot at a very crowded event.
“Shit,” he hissed.  And then, “Dad! Hang on!”
Cas didn’t look away in any kind of shame for having been caught watching Dean sleep.  His ear was still against his pillow, and he was lying on his side, and his long lashes swept down slowly as he blinked.  Dean wondered how long he’d been doing that. It was a little creepy, but Dean was too busy trying not to be mortified to care about that.
Zachariah walked in, and Castiel looked over the butler’s shoulder, waiting for Dean to follow. The only thing there was empty space.
Kelly’s hands tightened in sympathy. “I’m sorry.”
But now he was disappointed he wouldn’t get to say goodbye to Cas properly.
Castiel allowed him time to settle, to catch his breath. He cradled Dean closer to him, stroked the back of his hair, smoothed his palm down Dean’s cheek, soothed the hickey blooming under his ear. Then, without room for argument, he said, “I won.”
“You’re the one who asked me to stay on.  I’m guessing that was so I could do my job, right?  So, let me do my fucking job. ‘Cause, if it’s gonna be like this . . .” He shrugged out his hands and let himself trail off, because he was pretty sure Cas could finish the thought for him.
Two bronze items were hanging from the chain.  One was an Anasazi symbol of protection that Sam had bought for him at a roadside merchant years ago during their travels.  The other was newer: a tiny, plain Christian cross.  Dean wasn’t much of a believer in either religion those trinkets represented, but the one from Sam had been a gift.  And the other was from Cas, who had given it to him one night before Dean took off on a job.
He lifted his gaze to meet Lucifer’s instead.  Lucifer was already looking at him, his expression cool.  He lifted his arms to rest his elbows on the table and pressed the tips of his fingers together, his hands almost folded in prayer.
The door clicked when Zachariah closed it. Dean put as much space between them as he could. He turned around, watching Zachariah carelessly dump his bag onto the floor. He held up the boots, turning his nose up at them in disgust. “These filthy things. Do you know
After sunset, they picked up some groceries for the next few days from the local supermarket; and Castiel didn’t feel any anxiety about returning to the house as the Impala wove its way up the mountain passes.
Thinking quickly, Ruby grabbed the side of the pantry’s shelves.  She pulled hard, causing it to topple over between the two of them.  It crashed down, taking the pots and pans, sacks of grains and flour, and jars with it.  She heard Mary let out a shout as she jumped out of harm’s way.
before her eyes flashed with recognition. “Hey,
Asmodeus added, “The Shawnee Trail has been out of commission for years.  They’d have to be madmen to travel through the Indian Territory alone.”
“The hallway at the back of the house.”
Dean would never leave him.
“Why would we trust whores?” Dagon asked, and it stung—just like she’d intended it to.  “We have men of higher status in each of those towns that could help us far better.”
He wouldn’t leave Cas in that grave with no mourners.
"So, what, those are the contracts the Novaks gave him to make the hits?" he asked, voice dripping with anger.
you gonna wear?” Dean held out his arms akimbo. “’Cause I ain’t serving food to a slouch.”
“Castiel,” he said, picking up the glass and taking a sip.  Perhaps he could use a drink.  It may help calm his anxiety about leaving.
There was light. So white it was blue around the edges. The ringing in Dean’s ears overcame him. There was screaming. The light was pouring out of Dead Girl’s eyes, spilling from her gaping mouth.
The outlaw yelped in pain and doubled over, his gun clattering to the floor.  Castiel jumped out of the way just in time for Dean’s bullet to hit the man in the temple.  Jack’s cries ripped through the kitchen, even louder than the gunshot had been.  The body went down with a thud.  Castiel went for the abandoned six-shooter and got back to his feet.
“No,” he answered at last, and he didn’t know why guilt was sloshing in his stomach.  “I tried to make him as comfortable as possible.”
“Where are we going?” Dean asked as soon as they rounded the corner.  The bonfire was in sight again, still raging high as people huddled and drank around it.
Yellow Eyes waved the knife around as he spoke.  "Can't you just get the police chief to turn a blind eye?"
Outside his door, he heard rushing footsteps and frantic, muffled yells.  Next to him, Jack was wailing.
He shook the thought away and told himself to focus on one thing at a time.
Dean inhaled, his face instantly going pale and expressionless.  Castiel felt the color drain from his own cheeks.
don’t bother.”
"Where are you going?"
"Let me introduce you to my brother," he said, a sickening nausea twisting in his gut as he did.  Maybe this was a mistake.
“Yeah,” Dean said.  He stole one more brief peck before letting his hands fall away.  He shot Castiel a wink before spinning around and moving for the exit.  Castiel watched him walk away, the bow of his legs, his gait, the rolling of his shoulders.  When Dean was gone, Castiel tore his eyes away. He adjusted the transmitter box on his belt, and turned, meaning to make his way to the stage.
He closed the door, blocking out the soft sounds of the party upstairs, until all that could be heard was a muffled baseline that was only audible if you were trying to hear it.  He paced towards Cas, hand raised, ready to touch his back so Dean could soothe him. But maybe that wasn’t the best idea. Maybe Cas didn’t want to be touched right now. He curled his fingers and dropped his arm, feeling helpless.
“So were we,” the woman said.
The next night, Dean found himself squinting at the letters posted next to the loading docks in the distance.  He could see them just fine, and he hadn’t even noticed he’d been narrowing his eyes until he stopped. He sat back, and picked up his cell phone resting on his lap to look at the time.
“The cathouse went up in smoke last night,” Dean told him, glancing up at him as he continued to lean against the counter.  His posture was relaxed but his eyes were hard.  Bobby had told them that Lucifer’s gang burned places down.  If this was them, after all, they could have been looking for Kelly.
Still, Cas sounded earnest enough, like he really wanted to know.  Dean leaned in, ducking his head to look out Cas’ window. He pointed to the upstairs corner of the house.  “That one,” he said.
it was so surprising. When he got used to the idea, he actually kind of liked it. He hated thinking about strangers coming through here to crash, but Claire and Kaia were family. The bunker
“Can I have two?” Jack asked, bouncing, and Castiel considered that the boy may actually be too smart for his own good.
Dean looked at his lap, trying not to feel too satisfied with himself. “Yeah, I think it was good.” He shuffled closer to Cas and leaned back on his legs. “He liked it, right?” He doubted Jack was just pretending to not hurt Dean’s feelings - because the kid sucked at lying. But it didn’t hurt to check.
“Did you use your relationship with Castiel to push your idea forward?”
Cas titled his head to the side like he couldn’t argue, but considered, “Well, overcrowded trains aside, I like it here.”
His lips were on the hollow of Dean’s cheek when Dean turned his face, his nose bumping and nuzzling against Castiel’s, to catch his lips again. It was a lingering kiss, but chaste, and when it broke he said, “I’m trying, Cas. He’s too—Damn it,
anonymous. Wouldn’t be too hard getting you into the ballroom. Might find yourself an heiress to woo. Or, ya know. Maybe an heir instead.”
Still, he had the same gnawing feeling as he did the previous night, the one that asked him what all of this was for. If stories such as this one didn’t convince Dean that obsessing about the past was a fool’s errand, he didn’t know what would.
Castiel paused. He would keep his promise to Meg about not speaking of her father’s involvement, and he meant what he said about her not wanting to get hurt; but if this was looked into, and Azazel was indeed behind it, there was nothing he could do. Azazel would have made his own bed, and Castiel’s conscience would be clear.
Cas’ eyes widened fractionally, which meant he was tempted. “Dean, not now,” he whispered like someone could overhear them.
“Good,” Cas told him. “Then we can head back south.”
“Looks like Dean’s the underdog,” Charlie said as the MC kept on.  She looked up at Sam before her eyes went back to Dean.  “That’s good, right?”
“Lucky bastard,” Dean grumbled. Castiel followed him through the threshold. As he did, something told him to look up. In the top corner of the doorframe, there was another symbol, identical to the others. He wondered if those were “family things” as well.
He blinked, trying to erase Castiel’s face from his mind. It didn’t matter. It’s not like he’d ever see the guy again, and why the hell would he want to?
Castiel nearly choked on his sandwich. “Anna!”
Castiel frowned. “I never told you about that?” When Dean shook his head, Castiel shrugged. “It’s my fourth. It’s basically just rewriting and editing my most recent paper, but it can get time consuming.”
“Aw, you cooked?” Dean wheedled, giving Bobby his trademark shit-eating grin. “Honey, you shouldn’t have.” He danced out of the way as Bobby aimed a half-hearted kick at him, laughing all the while.
Castiel blushed fervently and prayed that none of the other nurses had heard that. “
Dean closed whatever he was doing on the computer and turned to Castiel’s bed. “Well, now I know why you and Gabe acted the way you did when Michael showed up. And why Gabe broke his nose.”
Castiel nodded and went into the living room. “Of course. You don’t think I wouldn’t get my host a present, would you?”
“Yeah, Merry Christmas,” Sam chimed in, grinning fit to burst.
“You know where the emergency vet is?” Castiel asked, starting the car.
“But when things are back to normal, Dean, you’ve got my blessing, and Anna’s too, probably. And you have more than a shot in the dark with him, he… he thinks the world of you. You’re kind of his sun and stars.” Gabe shot him an endearing little smile and Dean realized that for all his boisterous conduct and well-built walls, Gabe was a full-blown romantic. “Just save it, okay? Wait for the best moment, when Cas is himself again and, most importantly, when
“Okay.” Castiel snapped his book shut as the daylight started to fade in earnest. “We should get going on dinner.”
“What, I can’t ask Castiel if he’s enjoying Professorship, or how his new book is coming along?” Michael stood up as well, his limbs unfolding like a praying mantis. “Come now, that’s hardly fair.”
From the far corner of the dining room, Bastet let out a little chirp before padding over to Castiel, hesitantly looking up at him.
Dean let out a laugh. “Oh.” He bent down and picked up Castiel’s hat from where it had fallen to the ground, brushing off the dust and the few snow flurries that had settled in the fabric; Castiel belatedly realized that it had continued snowing, and the air was gradually becoming thicker and thicker with falling snowflakes.
“Ah.” Castiel started to smile. “A conspiracy.”
“‘Night, Cas.”
Dean shook his head and loaded up the DVD. Castiel tried to ignore the way Dean’s shirt rode up his back and exposed a line of slightly tanned skin. “Looks like you need more’n just a movie education,” Dean said.
Dean whistled when he saw Castiel’s dining table, which was laid out and decked to the nines. “Someone got fancy.”
“What’re the odds that you both have a brown sheepskin coat?” Castiel wanted to know.
Castiel did reappear a few minutes after his class ended, somehow looking worse than he had before, his travel mug presumably refilled, wavering as he came into the office. Hael stood up, offering him the tray: “I happened to be down in the cafeteria and took the liberty of grabbing you some lunch. Hope you don’t mind.”
Dean raised an eyebrow. “You’ve got a contusion as big as a super-sized silver dollar on your forehead. What d’you think?”
Were he not partially sedated, Castiel would have blushed. “I. Well. Yes.”
Castiel blinked, wavering on the spot, because he knew that voice, didn’t he? It sounded familiar, as the mottled clouds in the sky spun into a marble above him.
Gabe gave him a smile that didn’t have any real heart in it. “Well, that’s what happens when you don’t sleep for the better part of two weeks. You needed to catch up.” He reached up and brushed some hair away from Castiel’s forehead, his fingers scraping something rough that Castiel realized was the bandage. “And to top it all off, you gave yourself a concussion.”
thanks for reading!! <3 feedback is always appreciated :3
Dean chuckled and made his way over to Castiel’s DVD player. “I still can’t believe you’ve never seen these.”
Castiel propped his elbow up on the back of the couch and leaned into his hand: if Dean was going to insist on doing this, he might as well get comfortable. “I had to be professional to please that crowd.” He shook his head. “Mrs. Mason only liked cucumber sandwiches, and Mrs. Geldon wouldn’t eat the cakes with icing, and Mrs. Thornberry would only have the deviled eggs with black pepper on top, and so on...”
“Replicating Bugs Bunny does take some artistic talent.”
Dean shook his head. “Knew you’d make me the bad guy.”
“But Cas—”
Castiel side-eyed the hell out of him. “That’s two questions.”
“Mornin’,” Bobby said to them, the implication heavy in his voice. “And Merry Christmas.”
Dean turned to look at Castiel. “Yeah, Cas?”
As Castiel lay in bed that night, exhausted but waiting for sleep, he blinked in the dim moonlight filtering in through his windows, looking at the Western movie posters on the walls, wrapped in the warm, recognizable scent of Dean’s sheets, and reached for the tiny hand-carved wooden horse sitting on the bedside table. He traced the worn contours of the mane and imagined Dean’s ten year-old hands doing the same, realizing how far gone he really was.
South Dakota was undeniably beautiful, and Castiel looked up at the murky grey sky with less trepidation than before: maybe snow wouldn’t be so bad. They drove for almost forty-five minutes out of the center of the city and into rambling fields and forests. Then a sign on the side of the road appeared, reading ‘Singer Auto Repair and Restoration,’ and Sam turned up a gravel driveway. Castiel peered out the window with interest at the empty repair yard that sat in front of a large garage and shop before they were going around a corner and a tall, old wooden house with a massive porch loomed in front of them.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “I lost a bet with Gabe. It was either put on one of Anna’s church dresses or eat a handful of dirt.”
“So, you’re gonna be new to the whole crutches thing, and you’re gonna need some help.” Dean shook his head. “Just catchin’ a cab is a bad idea.”
Castiel had raised an eyebrow as he scraped butter onto a piece of toast. “What photo did you post this time, Gabe?”
“For the record, I don’t normally go around telling people about my history, either,” Castiel snapped. “You were the first person outside of my family who knew, but I’m not the one who insulted you and made you feel like shit after opening up to you.”
Dean frowned a little. “What about
? A man after my own heart.” Wide, careful hands reached for Castiel’s chart. “How you feelin’ there, Dr. Novak?”
“Don’t be,” Castiel replied. “It all happened a long time ago.”
“All right, I hope you’ve all brought your copies of the Analects and Sutras, like I asked you to.” He swept up the pile of handouts and gave them to a student sitting in the first row, whose name was Damon. “Pass these down your row then hand them to the person sitting behind you, okay? Now, welcome to the third day of our unit on Eastern religions. We’ve only really begun to scratch the surface of these with Confucianism and Buddhism, but today, because it’s Friday and I wanted to mix things up a bit, we’re going to go a little outside of the box. As you can see from your handout, today we’ll be discussing the underlying themes of the supernatural in these two religions, specifically with regard to the roles of deities.” He flipped to the next slide and felt a surge of confidence at the way Dean was looking at him, all grin and pride. “All right. Let’s begin.”
< Dean: Dean? You there?
Castiel frowned. “I’m still not—”
“I second that.” Kevin, ever-so-proud of Bastet choosing his lap to invade, ran a hand down her back. “Cas, you got a deck of regular playing cards?”
“Good,” Castiel told him, stepping away from the couch. “Now. You’re going to come upstairs with me, and you’re going to change out of your costume, okay?”
“Cas.” Dean’s voice was almost a whisper. “Thank you for listenin’. And for… tellin’ me. You didn’t have to.”
Castiel hummed as they neared the building. “Sounds fun.”
“Of course it’s fucking
Dean’s heart rate went supersonic and he blindly wondered if his knees might give out because
Dean’s gaze snapped to his, but he didn’t say anything.
Castiel hesitated, caught between guilt and not wanting to throw up. Eventually, he stuck his fork into a small cluster of pasta and half a meatball, spinning it gently until he had a little bundle. Ignoring his instincts, he quickly shoved the bite into his mouth and chewed.
“Oh, number one. This beats all other Christmases.” Castiel stroked Dean’s cheekbones, the ridge of his nose. “You?”
Dean only stared at him for a moment before he dropped his gaze and came over to the bed. “How’s your mobility?”
Castiel inhaled slowly. “Yes, well…”
Dean’s gaze met his before flickering away.
She went all quiet for a moment before saying, “Okay, so I might just have to bring my soup up here. I thought I would have to race home to catch the end of the marathon, but—”
Castiel sighed as people filed past him; he and Dean had been in the first boarding group, so they’d managed to snag exit-row seats before anyone else did. But, the waiting seemed to be bothering Dean more than anything else. Castiel wished he knew of a sure-fire way to comfort Dean that didn’t involve serious PDA, so he settled for humor, hoping that it would work.
Castiel huffed loudly in complaint but didn’t reply. He’d learned by now that it was pointless to argue with Dean when it came to medical matters.
“So.” Dean had materialized in the doorway behind Castiel. “How long ‘til she’s better?”
“It’s such a shame,” Dean said, running another hand through Castiel’s hair before pulling the beanie over the top of Castiel’s head. “Your hair looks so good when it’s all messed-up.”
“Yeah, but…” Dean frowned in confusion. “But why?”
Castiel heard a very familiar laugh, and as his eyes adjusted to the light, he saw a huge old black car shining against the curb, its driver leaning against the passenger side and wearing one hell of a grin.
Castiel shut his mouth with a quick
“You, too!” he replied with a smile as Agnes approached his front table. She quickly set down a large book with a blush that clashed against her pink hair. “Ah! I see you enjoyed this.” He’d only given it to her two days before.
. “Well, I, um, I’d better get movin’. Garth’s meetin’ me to give me back my keys and everythin’.”
Castiel chuckled without humor and slid the glass of beer slightly further away from him. “All right, I get it.”
“Make yourself at home?”
“Ahhh.” The nurse wandered over to Castiel’s heart monitor, his sharp eyes checking Castiel’s saline IV for any leaks. “So you’re the new kid.”
Dean snuggled deeper into his corner of the sofa (he was still half-buried in the duvet) and started counting off his fingers. “We fed Bastet, washed all the dishes, made meal plans for the next five days, played nine rounds of Go Fish, and you made me drink your damn voodoo tea and put on your damn Oberlin hoodie.” He raised an eyebrow. “Haven’t we done it all?”
Castiel began to shake his head, then reconsidered. “We weren’t… close, but I had a better relationship with her than I did with my father.” He chewed his lip before continuing. “She would, y’know, make me feel better or try to comfort me when my dad was being awful. And when he left, she…” He sighed a little. “Remember how I told you that she passed away while I was in college?”
Castiel dropped his gaze and didn’t reply. He was saved when Dean and the doctor came in a moment later, or thought he was until the doctor started talking. She introduced herself as Dr. Barnes and started walking him through what had happened, asking him a dozen questions about why he’d deprived himself of sleep and food, forcing himself to stay awake. He tiptoed around the answers, shrinking away from Gabe and avoiding Dean’s gaze, but eventually gave in to her ceaseless prodding and told her about the nightmares that had plagued him since he was young, and how the new nightmares had been triggered by the appearance of his eldest brother. He explained that he’d taken whatever measures necessary to avoid going to sleep, or to make himself so tired that when he did sleep he wouldn’t dream; the one thing he didn’t have an answer for was why food had become so repellent to him. Dr. Barnes listened with interest, taking detailed notes, and eventually asked him the inevitable question: “Why did Michael’s visit trigger these nightmares? Did he have a significant role in your childhood?”
“Gabe, don’t,” Anna hissed, barely able to contain her own laughter. “You’ll wake them up!”
“Heh.” Castiel half-smiled. “That’s good.”
“No, we wouldn’t want that,” Hael added smugly.
RN Sally turned to him, gaping a little. “You like
Castiel sat up as well, his heart starting to pound. Something was definitely wrong; Dean reached for Castiel and gripped his arm.
first: i've never been to oberlin and i only have a very crude understanding of the campus layout, so i definitely took some liberties with the size of castiel's department (although i did research that!) and with castiel's office layout - i don't know where the quad is, or if there even is a quad, or if the theology dept's offices are right above the quad.
, he thought dimly.
“I should hope so,” Castiel replied drily. “I am the one giving you bacon.”
Castiel smirked, gladly following. “Do you really think I’d say no?”
, he thought.
Castiel finally managed to open the front door, and was assaulted by a very cold and damp version of his older brother. “Gabriel, what—?!”
“Not hungry?” Dean asked as he sliced a meatball into thirds, of all things.
i did careful research and a 1960 nash rambler is 100% cas' car. it's so perfect for him.
It was Castiel’s turn to be speechless. Bobby added, “And I don’t know what’s goin’ on with, y’know, you and Dean, what you are to each other or what you might be someday, but,” he continued as Castiel blushed, “what I have to say stands. That boy is my son, for all intents and purposes, and I will not stand to see him hurt, not after everythin’ he’s been through.” He eyed Castiel. “You got me?”
“No nightmare,” Castiel confirmed. He leaned forward and pressed a closed-mouth kiss to Dean’s lips, loving the way their stubble sounded as it grazed together.
Dean shot him a sympathizing look. “Wanna watch
Dean snorted. “Man, you are powerful grumpy. Like a watered-down Scrooge.”
“From the time Cas turned fourteen to the day that Michael left for college, Cas was in the hospital at least once a month,” Gabe cut in, his voice thick. “You can see part of the reason why if you x-ray him. And those were just the times that our mother let us drive him to the hospital. Sometimes she...” Gabe trailed off and took a quick breath before adding, “She said that unless Cas had a broken bone or a ruptured organ, she saw no reason for us to acknowledge it. She said that… Cas deserved to suffer.”
“Please, please tell me that what you said about the lube wasn’t a lie.”
Suddenly, there was a sound like a huge gunshot: on the other end of the field, where the entrance was, an old car had backfired. Castiel jumped violently at the sound, his hands scrabbling for purchase before he squeezed his eyes shut, his breathing starting to quicken. Dean abandoned his popcorn, his heart pounding in his ears as he reached to get a hold of Castiel’s shoulder. “Cas?”
As Dean and Castiel scrambled around the house trying to get all of their supplies together, neither of them could stop grinning, already overjoyed at the idea of finally getting to meet their new daughter. After six months of friendship, a year of being together, three months of being engaged, and two years of being married, they were ready for the rest of it, ready to build the dash between the years of their births and deaths, and ready to do it together.
His lecture on Monday was sloppier than usual, and some of his students were looking at him with real concern. He was just glad that he’d managed to shave without slicing his carotid. Castiel stumbled through his office hours, only once forgetting what he was talking about and eating three crackers to placate Hael who, unfortunately, had not introduced a coffee maker to the office.
“Yeah, I’m sure you hate all the extra attention.” Castiel smiled, but it faded as he remembered his promise to Dean. He gave a lengthy sigh and reached into his pocket with his free hand, pulling out his phone.
, winked, and said, grinning, “Keep it down, Casanova.”
“That could be fun,” Garth said, his smile all innocence.
“Remember when I said that I’d… make it up to you? For you lettin’ me stay here durin’ the snowstorm?”
“I’ll say. How do you have time for anythin’ other than schoolwork? I mean,” Dean put down his plate and held up his hand, starting to count off his fingers, “you got all the gradin’, lesson-plannin’, teachin’, book-writin’, and you’re workin’ on that new paper, aren’t you?”
Dean stood up in one fluid motion, offering his hand to Gabe. “Nice to meet you.”
Dean punched the “up” button for the elevator and looked across at Castiel. “You excited? You’re ‘bout to step into a whole lotta freedom.”
“Shuddup. It’s a good way of findin’ old cars for cheap. Besides, they didn’t have these models on eBay.”
“Of course you can,” she insisted. “Listen. Do you still want to be friends with him? I mean—” she added as Castiel opened his mouth to argue “—I know you still have this crazy-huge crush on him, but would you rather be friends with him than not?”
Castiel barely refrained from slamming the can down on the counter. “‘I’m gonna head out,’” he said loudly, his voice harsh and grating. “‘I just wanna get out of here as soon as I can. Cas is a great guy, but I need some space. I’m just here ‘til he wakes up, then I’m gone.’” He whirled round, his stomach boiling. “Sound familiar?!”
“Actually, I think I’d rather not,” Castiel replied. He lifted his right hand — the one without the IV in it — and pointed to the chair that contained his belongings. “Would you hand me my satchel?”
“Fuck,” he swore, barely managing to keep his voice low. Somehow, for some what-the-hell-ever reason, Mother Nature had decided to succumb Cleveland to a surprise snowstorm.
Castiel blinked, turning around to stare at his front entryway, Dean and Gabe mimicking him with Gabe still in the headlock, both of them rendered silent. “You expecting someone?” Gabe asked him.
Dean was staring at him, his fingers toying with the ties on the sweatpants. “Cas, I—” Dean swallowed. “I don’t know what to say.”
Gabe grinned a little. “Yeah, that’s what I thought.” He opened the freezer and tossed the peas back in. “But he thinks you’re straight, Dean. Like, really really
“You bet. Ain’t she somethin’?” Dean ran his hands down the side of the car with a sort of reverence. Castiel swallowed heavily, wondering if that was the same way Dean would touch someone who—
He nodded, sitting back down in his armchair. “And I’m very excited about it.”
Dean: oh my shit
.” The muscles in Dean’s jaw worked forcefully. “Is
Castiel forced himself to take a shuddering breath, feeling somehow lightheaded. “How can you— what do you—” He paused, scrabbling for coherent thought. “How far do you want to—?”
Castiel almost smiled. “Better, I think. Or that might just be the pain meds.”
The nurse grinned again and it did something odd to Castiel’s stomach.
“I’m fine with what I have, Dean. Gabe and Anna have always supported me, and while they can be a bit… embarrassing, I’m grateful for them.” He raised an eyebrow. “Aren’t you grateful for Sam?”
A few minutes later, Dean’s ears pricked up, because was that—? He straightened in his seat (he was sitting in the back, with Castiel and Gabe in the front) and leaned forward slightly, starting to smile, because Castiel was mumbling along with the lyrics to “Prehistoric Man.” Dean eagerly made eye contact with Gabe, because that was a good sign, wasn’t it?
“As the plague,” Gabe cut in, reaching forward to pull the tin foil off the basket. “Now who wants a croissant? Baked ‘em fresh this morning!”
“Yeah, but can she…” Dean visibly tensed as Bastet took a step into his lap, her front paws pressing into his thigh. “Can she not?” he squeaked.
She laughed. “Who wouldn’t be?” She looked down at his chart and added a few things before signing off. “Well, you’re good to go, Castiel. Just remember to be careful on the stairs and take it slow, all right?”
“You work the night shifts, don’t you?”
“Surprise?” Castiel repeated dumbly.
“Seriously?” Dean’s grin widened. “You thought I was straight this whole time?”
hubrisandwax is responsible for most of the *ahem* smutty content. all kudos should go to her!
. He settled down with a pile of grading, his light coming from one of two battery-powered lamps (one was perched by Castiel, and the other on the floor by Dean’s end).
“Cinnamon and nutmeg,” Castiel replied. “Just because we’re snowed-in doesn’t mean we can’t eat like civilized people.”
“Well, if you’re not careful, it’s gonna get offended and turn itself off. And then we’ll really be screwed.”
Castiel opened his front door and immediately started laughing. “No way.”
Gabe distracted Castiel by shoving a huge portion of steaming Pad Thai in front of his face. “Eat. You’ll catch your death.”
, Castiel thought grimly, letting the curtain swing back into place.
, Castiel had reasoned,
Gabe would take that and twist it into something Castiel couldn’t bring himself to think about. “Hungry?” he asked Gabe, a little louder than usual.
“That’s actually kind of pretty.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Lunch can wait.” Dean folded his hands together like an expectant schoolboy. “You know my story. Time I knew yours.”
Castiel quickly stepped in, making sure Bastet’s carrier didn’t hit the doorframe. “Hael, this is—”
“What, you never done that before?”
Castiel gulped, feeling that they were veering into dangerous territory. Snuggling territory. Emotional-attachment territory. This would break all of the rules he had set for himself. “I…”
Castiel’s heart roared in his ears and his stomach dropped to his ankles. “C-crush?”
“Say no more.” Dean carefully stepped away from Bastet and paused by Castiel’s fridge. “D’you have any soda?”
Castiel huffed and sat back, Bastet chirping at him from where she lay next to his leg. “Don’t give me that,” he replied, running a hand down her back. “I tried, didn’t I?”
They ate in the dining room, which seemed to be entirely carved out of dark oak. Castiel devoured his burger, much to the amusement of the others, and Dean had laughed as he’d nudged a napkin under Castiel’s chin. “Slow down there, Cas.” Dean smiled a smile reminiscent of James Dean and Castiel felt his heart drop into his stomach.
“Hold up.” Dean was staring at Bastet’s carrier. “Is that—?”
“Quite well.” Castiel finished peeling the apple and quickly rinsed off his hands before reaching for a knife. “The crust is in the fridge, and I’m almost done with the apples. Speaking of—” He eyeballed Gabe for a moment. “You’re sure that you’re okay doing this? Cooking on your week off?”
“Gabe, it’s fine.” Castiel wished his voice would stop shaking. “It’s only for a few minutes. I probably just have to sign some papers.” He didn’t even sound convincing to himself.
Castiel hummed, his mind already churning with possibilities. “Okay.” He went into his dining room, some of which was lined with bookshelves, and started perusing. Some ten minutes later, he resurfaced with a thick tome in one hand and a slim hardcover in the other. He held out the big book to Dean. “Here.”
“Sure thing.” The bartender, an attractive young man with half a shaved head and several facial piercings, gave him a wry look as he went to pour Castiel another shot of whisky. It was his third. A moment later, the bartender slid the shot to Castiel, who caught it and raised an eyebrow at the amber liquid before quickly tossing it back. He gritted his teeth against the burn before chasing it with a mouthful of beer.
Dean coughed roughly and turned back to his strawberry malt. “Anytime.” (“Today’s a strawberry kinda day,” he’d said when Castiel had raised an eyebrow at Dean’s choice of drink, which was quite different from Dean’s usual chocolate.)
So Castiel spent the next half hour discovering Dean’s sensitive spots, which included both nipples, two areas between his ribs, and behind his left ear. Dean had tried to direct Castiel away from the little mound of tummy pooch just underneath his navel, saying, “You just ignore that, that doesn’t exist,” and Castiel had rolled his eyes and covered the area with kisses, murmuring, “Don’t be ridiculous, Dean.” And when Castiel finally took Dean’s length in his mouth and went down like the champ he was, he couldn’t stop himself from falling in love with the way Dean tasted, the way Dean squirmed and wheezed Castiel’s name, the way Dean shone in the early morning sunlight.
Castiel smiled down at his plate. “It was the best option.”
Castiel’s mouth twitched. “Unsurprising.”
He was five minutes away from home, from the blissful ‘maybe’ of a few hours of dreamless sleep, when the dizziness hit, potentially worse than it had ever been before. Castiel’s heart rate picked up exponentially and his mouth went dry; forcing himself to stay calm, he bent forward until his forehead was resting on his knees, silently praying for it to stop by the time the car arrived at his house.
“Agnes, you should go before you miss your lunch hour.”
yes yes i'm a little shit i know i know *dances away*
They both ducked their heads against the downpour and made their way to Castiel’s garage. Castiel keyed in the code to open the door and they both reached the car with a sigh of relief. Castiel unlocked the car and threw two towels across the bench seat, trying to cover the leather as best he could. “All right,” he said to Dean. “Get in.” Castiel settled behind the wheel, his wet shoes squeaking against the pedals.
Dean sent Castiel a last smile as he closed the door. “Sweet dreams.”
“That was really fun,” Castiel said, unable to stop smiling. He sat down at the other end of the couch. “Like really fun.”
Castiel stiffened in his seat, the essay in front of him completely forgotten. “What—?”
Castiel refocused on his attending registered nurse, a young woman with a smooth ponytail and bright eyes. Some corner of his brain revived enough to admire the fact that she wasn’t showing any physical evidence of having just completed a twelve-hour shift. “Hard to tell,” he grated. “I can’t even feel my foot. Or my ribs. Or much of anything.”
Castiel hopped around his bedroom, one eye on the clock as he desperately tried to pull on his left sock. If he didn’t leave his house in two minutes, he was going to be late on his first day as the new Theology Professor and Department Chair at Oberlin College. No pressure.
Castiel’s mind reeled, overwhelmed by the beauty of the moment and an all-consuming need to
She shook her head. “That’s a glass of Sprite, Professor.”
Castiel smiled as he hooked up his laptop to the projector, opening his presentation for the day. “Yeah. It has that effect.” When everything was set up, he grabbed a handout from the stack and went over to Dean. “Here’s today’s class.” He gave Dean the handout and gestured to the desks. “You might want to grab a seat before they come in. They’re very protective over their spots.”
“Well…” Gabe started scrolling down on his screen. “They’re all saying how cute you are and whatever.” He rolled his eyes. “Clearly, none of them have any taste.”
whoops my fingers slipped here have a nice interlude
“I didn’t say anything,” Castiel replied, smirking.
Bastet was miserable. She stared woefully up at Castiel as he approached her. He had to admit that she did look rather pathetic, what with her shaved flank, a plastic cone fastened around her thin neck, and her back leg wrapped up in a little blue cast. Regardless, he was thrilled to see her so awake and healthy; she had definitely improved over the course of the past couple of days. He nuzzled her front paw with the tip of his finger while the vet talked him through how to take proper care of Bastet; how she should be kept in a comfortable, clean area and not allowed to be mobile until she was used to the cast, how he should carry her up and down stairs, when she would have to have her bandage changed and her stitches and cast removed, etc. When he finally picked Bastet up to slide her into her carrier, she pushed her cold nose into his cheek and started giving his chin a thorough licking. Chuckling, Castiel pressed a kiss to her clinical-smelling head and slowly tucked her into her carrier, which was lined with her blanket, a few washcloths, and a small pillow. Bastet, thankfully, was not a complainer, and it was without caterwauling that Castiel waved goodbye to the vet and her assistant.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Huh.”
Sam and Bobby raised their eyebrows. “Aw, shoot,” Bobby said, just as Sam asked, “Do birds fly? Do fish swim? Does the sun go down every day?”
Dean muttered something unintelligible. “I hate not havin’ movies,” he said aloud, pausing to pick at some invisible lint on his knee. “Got any… good books? That aren’t about religion,” he added a split second later.
Hael grinned. “That’s what I thought.”
Castiel didn’t realize his mouth was hanging open until a slight breeze blew across his tongue. Blushing again, he cleared his throat in a quick cough and went into the living room with some reluctance. “I didn’t catch you at a bad time, did I?”
She smiled and came over to his side. “Hey there, Cas. How’re you feeling?”
Thoroughly embracing his new freedom, Castiel had spent the majority of the morning and afternoon cooking and baking at his leisure, both for his own purposes (university work restricted his time for dinner entirely) and for his “party.” When Dean had arrived at 5:30 in preparation for the evening, he’d shoved one of Castiel’s homemade pigs-in-a-blanket into his mouth and gone cross-eyed. “Christ,” he’d croaked after swallowing. “I might just have to keep you on speed-dial.”
“Yes?”
“What? What? I’m—”
Castiel turned on the spot and went upstairs, opening his linens cupboard and pulling out fresh sheets and his extra duvet. Then, he grabbed a pillow from his bed, a spare shirt and sweatpants from his closet, and went back downstairs. Dean had taken off the coat and was rubbing the back of his neck. Castiel was so familiar with Dean’s nervous tells that he almost smiled.
“And we have to finish
Castiel’s nose wrinkled. “Why. Pudding has the consistency of old soup and tastes like nothing but cheap sugar and even cheaper flavoring.”
Castiel shrugged. “What can I say. I’m one hell of a professional.”
“Right.” Dean sounded unconvinced.
Dean wiggled a little against him. “Gahhhhhh. Relax, Cas.” His words were slurred, so every sound was running into the one after it. “You’re so nice but sometimes you aren’t a very good pillow.” He nuzzled into Castiel’s neck and Castiel almost had a heart attack. “But then sometimes you’re a great pillow. S’why I like you so much. So so much.” He let out a sigh. “I’m sorry I stole your Brandenburgs. But they make me think of you. That’s why it’s hard to give ‘em back.”
Castiel smirked at him. “What can I say? I’m kind of a perfectionist.”
Two hours later, Hael reappeared in Castiel’s doorway, looking very smug. He was about to ask her where Dean was, but then the man in question came in behind her, his sleeves rolled up, his shirt unbuttoned and his tie loosened, a vague sheen of sweat and oil smeared across his skin. “Guess what, Cas?” Dean asked, gleeful. “They’re buildin’ robots!”
also: yes, i know that cas is a little young to be a full-out professor. BUT, as you'll find out later (wink), his credentials and status in his field are crazy good, and oberlin (at least, in this universe...) offered him both the departmental chair and professor positions to make their offer the most lucrative out there, especially because they wanted to reinvent their theology dept and make it a lot better. cas's popularity is also why his course was suddenly so full.... ;)
“Yeah, I do, because something tells me you won’t eat unless someone shoves a plate of food in front of you. Listen, you can’t order anything from the kitchen now, but I’d be more than happy to grab you something when I go down.”
Castiel had been stuck in the snow at least twice a year for his entire life, but he had never tired of the different ways it aged. As he stepped out onto his front porch, perched on the edge of Gabe’s crudely-dug path, he couldn’t help but grin at the way the world sparkled around him.
, he grumbled internally, briefly pausing to wonder what would’ve happened if Gabriel hadn’t chosen that exact moment to knock on his front door.
had done that.
Castiel stared at Dean, whose jaw was set and determined. It was… adorable. And hard to argue with. “Fine.” He pushed his ungraded papers to one side, turned off the lanterns, and clambered up onto the couch, pulling another blanket along with him. Castiel sat down and gently nudged Bastet so that she was resting on his stomach, quickly making himself comfortable on the end opposite Dean. “Happy?”
Castiel: um
“Isn’t this great?!” Dean spun on the spot, grinning up at the heavens before he refocused on Castiel, his eyes shining merrily. “Don’t you just love the first snow?”
yes sweet moses is a real thing in cleveland and if any of you are in the general vicinity i 100% recommend it looks so amazing and i feel daily pain about the fact that i can't go there and get a turtle sundae
Dean nodded feebly, too exhausted to bother putting up a fight. He stood up slowly, looking as if every little movement hurt in some way. Castiel clucked his tongue and guided Dean up the stairs, fervently trying to ignore the way the chaps gave him a ridiculously enhanced view. When they reached his bedroom, he gently nudged Dean to sit down on his bed before turning to his chest of drawers and pulling out a pair of sweatpants, a t-shirt that advertised Harvard’s Philosophy Club, and a thick pair of socks.
Castiel nodded. Dr. Barnes gave him half a smile before she said, “Stay put, get some rest, and eat something, okay? I’ll be back in a little while.” She left the room at a brisk pace, silence falling in her wake.
Castiel blinked at the white containers sitting on top of his kitchen table. “Did you bring me food?”
, and Dean making a fuss about whether Castiel had enough pillows), ate a huge stack of pancakes (“The chef downstairs thinks I’m cute,” Dean explained with a wink), and was dissected by a slightly alarming number of doctors. Most of them were involved in some form of psychology, and they wanted to know every detail of Castiel’s childhood, no matter how painful, as well as the coping mechanisms he’d begun to form as early as twelve years old. Dean reappeared around five in the afternoon to sit with Castiel before his shift started (ignoring Castiel’s protests) and would occasionally throw in an unhelpful comment about Castiel’s “intellectual stardom” or to brag about what an awesome teacher Castiel was the
The next morning passed in much the same way it had the day before, but this time, Castiel made breakfast as Dean smiled at him from the couch, Castiel desperately wondering how he was going to make it through the end of the snowstorm without doing something stupid. He tried to keep his distance from Dean as the day continued, grading papers at the dining table instead of the couch and spending too much time puttering around in his basement organizing supplies that didn’t need to be reorganized.
“Yes,” Castiel replied, going around his desk, opening his briefcase, and pulling out the stack of syllabi. “Fifteen copies, right? That’s the last number I got for registration.”
Over a very simple breakfast, Gabe had looked at his phone and started laughing. “Three—thousand—likes,” he choked, his eyes starting to water. “Holy shit!”
“Yeah.”
He frowned at her, fumbling in his pocket for the keys to his car. “Haven’t you been drinking?”
“Don’t bother, Cas,” Gabe replied, coming into the room behind him and pulling the door almost-closed behind him.
Castiel exhaled slowly, feeling the stress and adrenaline start to bleed out of his system.
Castiel’s bed was big, but it wasn’t colossal. He was very much aware of Dean’s weight and the warmth he exuded, and it was making sleep even harder to chase. More to break the silence than anything, he murmured, “You weren’t drinking tonight.”
, Castiel thought,
As they made their way through the dark, quiet house, Castiel was aware of little else besides Dean’s mouth and hands, which seemed to constantly be attached to at least one part of Castiel’s body. Castiel had to work hard to swallow all the sounds he wanted to make as he hungrily kissed Dean back, one hand gripping Dean’s shoulder as they slowly stumbled up the stairs and into Dean’s old bedroom, all too aware that Bobby and Sam were asleep down the hall.
Castiel chuckled. “I’m injured. I have a right to bitch about it.”
, there’s no way you—”
Bastet meowed again, nudging at Castiel’s leg with an insistent paw. “All right,” he replied, reaching into the cabinet for the container of her dry food. “A little more lunch it is.” He splashed a handful of the dry food into her bowl, smiling as she pounced on it like she hadn’t eaten in days. As he was closing the cabinet, an uneaten grilled cheese sitting on the table caught his eye, and he set off in the direction of his laptop.
“Very much,” she admitted, her blush lessening somewhat. “I especially enjoyed the way Tennent argued that—” And she was off, deconstructing her favorite pieces of
“Had a bit of trouble, huh, sweetie?” Dean was kneeling in front of the couch, delicately running his fingers up and down Bastet’s side, careful to avoid her stitches. “But don’t worry about it. It’s just a couple of bruises. You’ll be up and about before you know it.” He smiled and leaned forward, nearly nose to nose with her: Bastet sniffed his nose with interest before giving his bearded cheek a small lick. “Yeah, I missed you too.” Dean pressed a soft (and, Castiel imagined, whiskery) kiss to her head.
“What d’you think?” Dean shot back, throwing another log onto the fire for good measure. This was what he got for calling his brother to confirm that he hadn’t died in the snow. “I was stuck in a house with him for four days, Sammy,
“No way.” Dean flipped through the book as he went down the stairs, letting out a cry of triumph when he found the correct page. “Hey! I do remember this!” He paused at the foot of the first flight, putting on his James-Bond pout and best Sean Connery impression: “I’ll take my martini Sutra, not stirred.” Dean cracked up, his nose wrinkling and his teeth shining as he laughed.
He smiled back. “Let’s just say that I’m very ready to get out of here.”
Castiel reached for another fry. “He sounds excellent.”
“Yeah, except that we could all fall out of the sky and
Dean cracked a grin. “Yeah, I am.” He seemed to roll something over in his mind before clearing his throat and continuing. “It’s always been just me and him. Kind of a dynamic duo thing, y’know?”
Castiel shook himself a little to bring himself back to reality and followed Dean, jogging down the small hill and looking up at the sky. Just as Dean had said, little white flurries were swirling down from the thick clouds above, melting into raindrops as they hit his forehead, nose, chin. He lost himself in it for a moment, in the sensation of staring into the falling snow, his breath billowing in a cloud in front of him, until Dean’s laughter brought him back to the present.
Castiel sighed a little. “Because that’s what friends do. I’m not about to let you leave in a state like this. Besides, you spent all of August nursing me back to health. It’s the least I can do.”
Between the four of them, they demolished the pie, Gabe taking shots of them at intervals to make another Vine. The dining room echoed with the cacophony of groans, chewing, and forks on plates, and soon, they were all too full to move.
“Okay, I think that’s enough,” Castiel said gently, disentangling himself from Meg’s octopus-like arms. “It’s time for you to go home now. Garth is waiting and everything.”
“I, uh.” Castiel attempted to swallow. “Someone on his phone. He wasn’t paying attention, and he ran a red light.”
“There isn’t any pain, if that’s what you mean.” Castiel gently shifted around, remembering Dean’s advice about taking it easy.
Castiel nearly choked on his next sip of beer. “Pardon?”
“Hael.” Castiel took a steadying breath and deeply regretted the amount of alcohol in his system. He really didn’t have much of a tolerance. “I can’t just—”
The creases in Dean’s forehead deepened. “I already put batteries in.”
Castiel shrugged back. “I’m useless at poker.”
“No, but it’s still important for me to know, as your… friend.”
Dean accepted the redirection with a grim frown. “Yeah. I think Gabe punched him, though.”
“Awesome,” Dean replied, trying to be very sneaky about cataloguing Castiel’s house. It was slightly messy, mostly because he still hadn’t bothered to finish unpacking from the move, but also because he was often a tad disorganized. Castiel found the sight of sloppy piles of books and empty forgotten mugs of coffee somehow comforting.
The past week-or-so had been in equal parts wonderful and tortuous. Castiel was becoming so used to Dean’s presence that Monday had been somewhat of a shock, when Dean was back at work and only stopping by on his way home to make sure Castiel was still eating on a somewhat-normal basis and taking his meds. Once again, Castiel was forced tofully come to terms with his solitude within the big city, and every time he had an inkling to maybe pound the streets and seek out the most hipster coffee shop he could find, he would remember the bruises under his arms and how he tried to use his crutches as little as possible. But, today was Sunday, and it was Dean’s day off, and, for some unfathomable reason, he’d chosen to spend it by making lunch for Castiel and wait with him until Castiel’s new Rambler came up the street. Castiel thunked his head against the cabinet twice more for good measure.
Warm, insistent hands grabbed Castiel’s arms and shook him gently but purposefully and a voice was saying, “Cas. Cas. Wake up. C’mon, Cas, you gotta wake up.”
“I know, I know.” Dean stepped a little closer. “And I will apologize for that as many times as you want me to. Just, y’know…” A smile ghosted across his face. “Can we go back to, y’know, the way we were before?”
Dean nodded to himself before reaching for another hunk.
“So did you always believe?” Dean asked of him. “Did you have faith in the man upstairs?”
Dean nodded. “I get ya, man. Broke my collarbone snowboardin’ last winter. The docs kept me on the heavy stuff for way too long. Always felt like I was swimmin’ in soup.”
“We are
Castiel held open the exit door and grinned. “Oh, you’re a comedian all right.”
They stayed like that for the rest of the evening; Gabe didn’t even bother to ask them to help with the dishes, and soon Bastet was hopping up onto the couch next to Dean, lying down against his leg with a purr. Castiel didn’t try to read into their closeness, but he was dimly aware of the fact that he hadn’t been the one closing the distance, and then began to wonder if maybe Dean’s feelings weren’t all that platonic, either. Regardless, he settled sleepily into Dean’s side, awash in the way Dean smelled and felt against him, his cheek leaning against Dean’s shoulder, and when Dean didn’t move, he shut his eyes, utterly content.
“2154 Fulton Road.”
Dean: dude its the witching hour shift. everyones asleep.
Castiel chuckled as he covered her with attention. “She doesn’t like my beard.”
Castiel stood up as well, unsure of what to do with his hands and nervously seeking out Dean’s gaze. “Are— are you sure?”
Dean shrugged, dabbed the Neosporin onto a little square of cotton, and set everything aside. “Pretty standard. No one puked on me, which is always nice. Can I?” He gestured for Castiel’s head.
Then, a deep, rough voice sailed into his room atop a pair of bowlegs. “Lucky Charms, a cheeseburger, and
Gabe slid a hand around Castiel’s arm, his face twisted with worry. “Cas? I need you to take a deep breath, okay? In-out.” He performed the motion himself, and a few tense moments later, Castiel took a deep, uneven breath, his body shaking. “Another,” Gabe coached him, and Castiel obeyed, gradually beginning to calm down. Castiel pulled in another breath, blinking his eyes open, his gaze full of fear. “Okay,” he managed to say a moment later, rubbing his eyes with a sigh.
Dean struggled between grinning and looking stern. “Really? Go Fish? That’s your game?”
Dean scoffed. “Be surprised if you weren’t.” He grabbed his clipboard again on his way out of the room. “I’ll tell the Doc you’re awake.”
“Blizzard,” Castiel confirmed. “Where’s Bastet?”
“Yes, but Gabe, you’re a pastry chef. You aren’t exactly Gordon Ramsay.” Castiel set about chopping the apples, taking painstaking care to make sure that each slice was even.
Bastet surfaced, popping her head out from underneath the duvet and chirping at Castiel, who went around the bed to stroke her.
“Nothin’,” Dean replied. “It’s just nice to see someone enjoy my cookin’. Really enjoy it, I mean.”
Dean stared at Castiel, his expression flat, before he burst into laughter, the tension leaking out of his frame. “God, I love you,” he choked out; a second later, he realized what he’d said, and froze, a blush creeping up his neck. “I, I mean,” he stuttered, not looking at Castiel. “I mean that I love what you, uh, what you—”
Castiel looked after him in confusion. “What’s it?” A second later, his sheepskin overcoat and his knitted beanie (one of Gabe’s high school hobbies) hit him in the face.
Christmas Eve morning arrived sleepily, and Castiel woke early enough to catch Bobby nudging a few presents under the brightly-lit tree. The couch was empty, meaning that Dean was presumably in the bathroom upstairs. Castiel leaned against the doorway to the living room, carefully keeping his arms behind his back, and smiled. “Good morning, Santa.”
Time carried on, and Castiel began to enjoy himself more and more as the days passed. Not only was his department (mostly) made up of talented individuals who came to their first departmental meeting with positive attitudes, but his students were vocal, passionate, and very good workers. Soon, Castiel was swamped, and he had to schedule his days down to the half-hour to allow for enough time to work on his book, grade his class’ assignments, outline his next paper, and flesh out lesson plans for the coming week.
“Shhhh,” Castiel shushed him, fighting off a grin.
The walls were pale green and the other side of the room held a small sink and a door that Castiel guessed led to a bathroom. The window displayed a dark skyline sprinkled with lights and the moving beams of main road traffic; below it lay a plush couch with a truly horrific fabric pattern. He heard the faint hum and beep of a heart monitor, and it was with a sinking feeling that he realized that he was lying in a hospital bed with electrodes attached across his chest, and that the registered nurse standing not four feet away from him looked very unamused.
Castiel had to politely shove past a number of people on his way back to Dean, fingers damp from the sub-par hand dryers in the bathroom. He found Dean staring nervously up at the board that gave their departure time, his leg jiggling up and down. “You okay?” Castiel asked him as he sat in the chair next to Dean.
“Yes,” Castiel replied from where he was peering at a selection of potatoes. “Don’t you see my massive ears and fluffy white tail?”
“Sammy?” Castiel asked, hoping that he wasn’t being too forward.
, Castiel realized with surprise. “I just got home from my shift, and I was on my front porch when I heard a car hit the brakes—” He swallowed thickly. “And then there was this howlin’, and the first thing I thought of was—” Dean paused to take another breath. “She’s hurt, Cas. She’s hurt real bad.”
A comfortable silence opened between them and remained until Dean spoke again. “You know, I’ve been living in Cleveland for goin’ on three years now, and this is the first time I’ve been to this park.” He cast his gaze around them, taking in the trees and grass and nearby bed of flowers. “It’s actually not half bad.”
“Ass.” Castiel threw a noodle at him. “But do you actually?”
“Jeez, Cas,” Jo cut in, “he’s already here. Just go with him already.”
Dean choked on a laugh. “Someone’s optimistic.”
“What?” Castiel managed to ask.
Dean quickly flashed him an easy smile. “Yeah, just a little, I dunno, starstruck.” When Castiel started to huff in annoyance, Dean added, “No, it’s just that I’m friends with a celebrity nerd. It’s… it’s awesome.” His smile stretched into a genuine, blazing grin, and soon enough, Castiel found himself grinning back.
Castiel gaped. “But you talked about girls—”
“Good.” Dean turned to look at Castiel again, his smirk friendly instead of sharp.
> Dean Winchester: i’ll take care of him tonight
(See the end of the chapter for
Just as the clock struck five and the light began to fade, Dean reappeared, his cheeks rosy and his expression exhilarated. Castiel had to remind himself not to stare and put twice the amount of focus into his book, which suddenly seemed to have been written in Ancient Sumerian.
did someone say something about.... kissing?
“Mornin’, sunshine.” Dean watched him for a moment before going back to writing something down on what Castiel guessed was his chart. “How’re you feelin’?” He went around Castiel’s bed to the computer that was sitting by the heart monitor.
The nurse grinned. “That’s good. I didn’t think there would be — you healed really well.” She swept the remaining bits and pieces of his cast into her hand and likewise tossed them into the garbage. “You got a ride home?”
“Don’t worry,” Castiel whispered back, covering Dean’s cheeks, forehead, eyes with soft kisses. “I’ve got you.”
“Would you like to turn on the TV?” she was asking him, grabbing the remote from his bedside table.
Gabe hummed and swallowed half his mug. “How’s the pie going?”
“Well,
Castiel glanced at the forms, barely processing the legal jargon but able to understand enough that he knew how much stock he was going to lose, not that he particularly cared. He slid them onto his desk and reached for a pen, signing and initialing in all the right places. When he’d finished, he clicked the pen closed and tried to swallow, Gabe appearing at his shoulder and taking the papers, handing them back to Michael.
“Open,” Dean said gruffly, and Castiel obeyed, feeling the straw slide between his lips. He sucked eagerly, nearly draining the cup before he broke for air. Dean transferred the straw to the other cup and as Castiel drank, he said, “You scared the shit outta me, Cas.” He shifted on the spot with a little sigh. “Don’t you dare faint on me like that again.”
His office was still a little in progress — some of his books were still at his house, and two of his posters had yet to be hung. But his desk, couch, bookcases, and small table and chairs were just the way he’d left them back in June, oaken and shining in the sun streaming in from his windows. His windows lined the back and far walls (mimicking the design of Hael’s own office area) and gave him a full, almost-panoramic view of the quad and immediate campus. Surveying everything with an uncontrollably wide smile, he put down his briefcase and glanced at his posters. As if she’d read his mind, Hael appeared at his doorway.
“Dean, your family, I—”
“Hey,” Dean said, raising his voice slightly over the rain, which was catching in his hair and collecting over his eyelashes. It was altogether very distracting. “Will you tell me when she comes home? I’d like to see her, if that’s cool.”
“I don’t know how he’s going to react to this, or how he’s going to handle it.” Gabe transferred the frozen peas to his cheekbone and winced. “But it definitely isn’t going to be pretty, if the past is anything to go off of.”
Dean grinned down at his cards. “Oh, do I?”
, he thought.
With a final wave, Garth tucked himself into his car and designated-drove Meg and Kevin away. Castiel watched them go with an easy complacent smile, wondering if he would see them again. A foreign part of him wanted it to happen sooner rather than later.
Dean gave himself a little shake and seemed to refocus on Castiel before he was crowding up against Castiel and kissing him on the mouth, pressing a little more urgently as Castiel’s scrambled brains tried to make sense of what just happened and then Castiel was falling into Dean with a groan, kissing him back and shuddering when Dean’s tongue slid along his bottom lip, gently teasing Castiel’s mouth open and suddenly the kiss was hot and deep and needy, Dean plunging into Castiel’s mouth like it was his sole mission in life, Castiel nibbling the corner of Dean’s lip and Dean letting out a noise that Castiel was sure was illegal in at least thirty states and a second later they broke away, panting, their foreheads touching, needing the oxygen but not wanting it.
“What can I say?” Dean replied, following Castiel down the stairs. “I’m a comic genius.”
Castiel had never liked pain medicine. He didn’t like the way it knocked him out and made him groggy.
Castiel watched him for a moment, trying to figure out what
He’d taken a shallow, wide oval basket that he’d had since he’d found out about his acceptance to Harvard's grad program (Gabe had had an especially eccentric taste in celebratory gift baskets), and lined it with an old duvet folded thrice. When he popped open the latch on her carrier, Bastet tried to crawl out, her ears perking up in excitement. He gently slid a hand under her stomach and lifted her up, laying her in the basket and making sure her cone was properly fastened. Pulling off his trench, undoing the top button of his shirt, and tugging his tie a little looser (he’d gone to the vet straight from school), Castiel sat down on the floor in front of her.
.” Castiel twisted away from Dean’s grip before letting out another breath and leaning his head against the window. Gabe and Dean made eye contact over Castiel’s shoulder, and Dean saw his own panic reflected in Gabe’s features.
“What?  Am I wrong?”
Still kneeling on the floor, Dean caught Charlie rolling her eyes dramatically.
He grunted fully awake, his body tensing and stretching before quickly loosening again.  Cas’ fingers stilled, his body stirring slightly under Dean.
A bright shade of pink was overcoming Dean’s face, but he recovered quickly.  Who the hell cared who heard him? He didn’t regret a damn thing. “God, Benny, I tell ya,” he said, dragging his palm down his face.  “I think I went blind for a second there. If I thought it was in any way possible, I’d take a damn pregnancy test!” He’d probably have to marry the guy.
Whatever it was, Cas’ gaze swept to the floor before Dean could figure it out.  Next to him, the down-arrow light above one of the elevators lit up. Both Cas and Sam glanced at the doors sliding open.
Something in the back of his head told him Zachariah wasn’t lying, after all. That Dean had left him.
“But what d’you say, Cas?” Dean asked, holding up his hand in offering. “Can I have this dance?”
Instead, Benny walked through, smiling and wiping his hand on his apron. “Alright, then. Chicken’s in the oven so I got a little time. Where are we?”
Dean hummed, and Castiel felt his eyes on him. Felt the tiny smile on his face, like he was happy Castiel was still there, and hadn’t left in the night. “Mornin’,” he greeted, voice rough.
Settling against the car again, Sam said thoughtfully, “Actually, I didn’t.”
He sighed, resigning himself to his fate.  He’d rather not be sociable, especially now that he’d finally gotten Jack settled, but he didn’t know how to politely get rid of her.  His eyes flickered to the entrance, hoping Dean would come through.  He didn’t.
He'd given up on trying to get Jack to stop.  His eyes were dry and sore, his shoulders ached from the sling, his legs were spent of energy, and his feet were likely bleeding with how tender they felt.  Behind him, Lincoln was bowing his head as he trudged along.  They both needed refreshing—and Castiel sincerely hoped a night indoors would settle Jack down.  They could head for the Chisholm tomorrow.
Charlie dropped Dean off outside the chain-bound gate in the tall, ivy-covered stone wall that enclosed the property. He disregarded the “private property: keep out” and “condemned structure” signs that the cops had put up and hopped the gate. He trekked up the driveway leading up the hill, hands fisted inside of the pockets of his leather jacket and shoulders haunched to protect himself -
“Dad. Pops,” Claire pleaded, eyes turning to Cas. “You gotta trust me. I have to… I can do this. Let me do this. For Jack.” She took in a breath and then held it, hesitating. Tilting her head, she added, softly, “For us.”
“Executive Director of Marketing,” Cas read aloud.  “I suppose that means I’ll get to know him well.”
Castiel ran his hands down Dean’s sides and tugged at the bottom of his t-shirt before shucking it up Dean’s back, and Dean seemed to get the message.  He broke the kiss long enough to grab his shirt by the back collar and pull it over his head. Once it was gone, Castiel trailed his fingertips up and down the freckles of Dean’s back.  He couldn’t see any of them, but he didn’t need to. He knew them well enough to map their constellations, well enough to find his way home by them.
“Be quiet,” Dean told him, jerking both Cas’ arms forward.  Cas resisted, and Dean had to grab his free wrist to put the shackle on.
Dread was crawling under his skin like a thousand insects.  They scurried down his spine, burrowed into bones.
“Cas!  Cas! Dammit, it’s me!”
He chanced a look over at Cas, just to judge whether or not he was regretting coming over, but then his eyes stayed on him, fingers hovering over the keyboard. He was
He looked up at Michael, fire in his eyes.  He did his best to keep his voice from shaking with rage and offense.  "I'm gonna say this once, you understand me?  I'm not taking your money.  I don't want anything to do with you.  I don't want anything to do with Cas.  You get the fuck out of my bar, and you leave me and my brother alone.  Got it?"
Dean thinned his lips and raised his brows to show that he wouldn’t even dream of it. He’d done that once before to one of Ash’s inventions and got himself practically electrocuted. Never again.
Castiel nodded, still working on getting himself in check.  It was difficult to do with Dean looking right at him, but he pulled his shoulders back, and it schooled him enough to let him look at Dean head-on.  "Yes.  And I'll keep looking for evidence within the company.  Perhaps it's somewhere else."
“Stop right there!” the other called.  “I’ll shoot!”
He leaned back slightly and wrapped his mouth around the tip, flicking a slow circle around it with his tongue. “
Cas probably wouldn’t see it that way.
She didn’t make conversation after that, which he was glad for. Quickly, she walked back down the hall. Castiel tried not to watch her go, but his thoughts followed after her as far as the elevator bank. He wondered why she’d been meeting with Michael.
He looked down at himself—just a t-shirt and a plaid shirt.  His usual get-up. And Cas was in a white button-up, sans a tie today.  Dean didn’t get it, even though his mind was conjuring up all kinds of images of Cas in casual wear.  “Why?”
He wished he wasn’t so awkward when he handed the bag to Cas, who tentatively took it with both hands like he was handling porcelain.  He set the bag between his knees and frowned in confusion down into it. He reached in and pulled out a DVD—
He remembered Sam offering to take Jack for the night, stating that Castiel was in no condition and needed rest.  Castiel hadn’t argued.  He crawled into bed, and the last thing he remembered was Dean blowing out the candle and wrapping his arms around him.  He’d counted only one of Dean’s breaths before his thoughts dropped off.
Like usual, he waited until Cas ate the first bite, enjoying the way he melted around it at first.  Dean grinned shyly down at his bowl as he mixed the pasta around. He collected himself enough to take a bite, and said into it, “So, you think that the names on Meg’s list’ll match up to Charlie’s?”
He wasn’t in bed.  He wasn’t asleep.
Dean gestured around vaguely.  He wasn’t really sure what he was trying to indicate.  Perhaps his entire life.  “Obviously.”
“Um. Yes?” Cas said, and it sounded like he was afraid they’d been caught red-handed, too.
This was stupid.
Castiel felt himself light up again. “Yeah.”
“Sure,” she said.  “Gotta say, I kinda thought you fell off the face of the earth.  What’s the matter, Clarence. We’re not friends anymore?” She was teasing him, but it still made him feel guilty.
They went to eat at Benny’s before heading back to Dean’s apartment for the night.  Through the entire dinner and drive over, Dean could still feel Cas’ hands burning into his skin.  The phantom touch of Cas’ mouth against his was searing.
“Yes,” Castiel agreed, grateful. Dean always said he and Sam would get along. Castiel took solace in the fact that, so far, they did.
Besides that, Dean literally just couldn’t tell him. Because it would only lead to questions that he couldn’t answer.
“—and then get the kid back later!”
Dean let out a bark of laughter.  “Yeah, okay,
About a half hour after Cas left the room, Sam came in.  He stayed silent for a while, just looking down at Jo like he was trying to decide for himself whether or not she’d live.  He didn’t say his verdict aloud, but Sam had always been the hopeful brother.  Dean tried to live with his feet planted firmly in the real world, ugly as it was.
“Relax,” she said, like that was an option.  She propped her elbow on the bar, and rested her head on her fist.  “I’m pretty sure no one else saw. But even if they didn’t, you two aren’t exactly subtle.  I don’t think I’ve ever stared at someone for as long as you guys stare at each other in my life.”
Cas pressed his lips together, eyes falling back down to the ledger.
It didn’t exactly sound promising, but it was hopeful. Dean clapped his hands together. “Alright, tell me what to do.”
There was no way she was Crowley’s new partner.  No way she was Dean’s new boss. There had to be another explanation as to why she was out here, taking a walk at two in the morning.
No one ever bothered to ask him what he thought was in his best interest for his own life. Zachariah, Chuck, they were both only doing what was best for them.
He left his door open halfway, hoping it would help with the airflow, and stripped his twin-sized bed of the coverlet. The day had left his eyes stinging with exhaustion, and an ice pick headache was poking at his temple, but the sticky heat made him feel wide awake. No harm trying to sleep. He was settling in bed when, across the room, his phone chirped with a notification sound he’d never heard before. The bright blue light lit up the bare wall over the dresser, casting muddy shadows in the far corner of the room.
Wordlessly, they paced towards the door, and Cas opened it just wide enough to peer outside.  Dean watched his head turn from one side to the other.  He said, "It's clear," and leaned back to open the door further.
. Whatever Dean wanted, Castiel’s answer would always be a
She laughed lightly, and took the mug out from under the drip once it was done.  But, instead of sipping it, she walked over and offered him the drink. He pressed his lips together, but took it from her.  The scent alone made him feel more coherent.
He’d tried busying himself by reading the book on childcare he’d found in one of the shops earlier that day.  When that got old, he reorganized the medical satchel.  It was almost a blessing when Jack started crying, because at least it had given him something to do.  But now Jack was bundled up, asleep on the bed.
When Dean reached the bottom of the stairs, he wasn’t sure where to go. He headed for the music room. It was a stupid thing to think, but something about that room made him feel like he could have the advantage.
“Leave me alone,” he said.  He’d wanted it to sound like thunder, rolling and deadly.  It had sounded instead like the dying of the world before winter.
Dean could feel his walls building back up again.  Too bad Cas could see right through them. They must have been made of glass.
"You are," Naomi answered for him.  "These are just a list of company approved vendors."
ride,” he corrected.
Yellow Eyes stared ahead, the humor not leaving his expression, even when he dropped his shoulders with a sigh and set down his knife.  He picked up another, larger one—this blade serrated—and began cutting into the deer's belly with a wet sound like ripping fabric.  Dean wanted to barf, but he settled for grinding his teeth.
As they drove through town, Castiel squinted at the masses of people going about their day. There were men and women in embroidered suits and satiny, flowing dresses. Children in pointed hats scampered around, their hands full of caramel apples and chocolate. One family with a young daughter was coming out of the familiar’s shop, the girl nuzzling her cheek against her new black kitten. Small jack-o-lanterns were in every window and, in the grassy square just outside the town hall, a giant version sat proudly.
He wanted to slide down the wall. His knees were giving out on him, and there were pins and needles in his fingers and toes. He grunted, every movement an effort as he reached into his suit jacket and pulled out his gun. He aimed it at Dead Girl and squeezed the trigger. He didn’t even know if he’d hit her, his arms were so unsteady. But half a dozen pops sounded off, the banging too big for the confined space, until his empty clip clicked.
Castiel couldn’t say that he prayed for that exact scenario. Because he didn’t want to live in a world devoid of Dean, not even for a moment.
Dean wanted to snort—because that was a very good question.  His only plan was to hide out for a while to get Henriksen off their trail.  Maybe once it was safe, they could somehow get a message back to Lawrence to tell Mary where to meet them.  From there, he had no idea.  Maybe head to Mexico?  He hadn’t gotten that far in his planning yet.
Cas shook his head, lips pinched.
Cas turned away.  He busied himself wrapping up the rest of his food to throw out, apparently having lost his appetite.  The wrappers crinkled under his stiff movements. “Fine. You’re entitled to your personal life. I apologize for asking.”
“I don’t need glasses,” he maintained.
Sam took a deep breath in, looking at Dean levelly.  "I wouldn't have to," he said, so quiet that Dean almost didn't hear it over the whoosh of a passing car.
There was already a line of cars, sirens off but strobe lights flashing blue and red across the grass, around the sound stage. A crowd had formed. People had started drifting over pretty much the second Cas’ mic boomed over the speakers, with all chatter and laughter and music slowly ceasing as people realized what was going on. The protestors that had been lined up on the sidewalk had found their way in, and it seemed like everyone converged right in front of the stage. Uniformed officers were doing their best to keep order, but the angry mob was a few loud voices away from becoming a riot.
Castiel’s gut squirmed a little at that smile.  It was feral, that of a wild animal’s at the moment it knew its prey was ripe for the catch.  It was a kneejerk reaction for Castiel to be wary of it, because he’d only ever seen it before Lucifer pushed him down the stairs or stole his ice cream or cut off one of Anna’s pigtails.  But he tried to smile back, no matter how weakly. He didn’t think it reached his eyes—or even his lips, for that matter. He kept frowning as Lucifer came to rest at the opposite side of the table.
The furrow of Dean’s brows had deepened with every word.  Cas seemed sincere enough, and Dean’s gut was telling him it was the truth.  But a voice in the back of his head that sounded like his father told him not to listen.
Dean scoffed.  "
“How’d it go?” Mary asked after a moment.
For a moment, Cas was frozen, not knowing what to do. His mind was suddenly devoid of all thought. But muscle memory returned to him easily. Gently, he placed his arm over Dean’s, aligning his palm to the back of Dean’s hand. He settled against him, leaning back into the warmth of Dean’s body.
Either way, Charlie must have realized there was a baby held between them, because she leaned back a little and looked down.  “Oh,” she said softly.  And then, “Uh?  Why do you have a baby?”
“‘Mornin’,” Dean mumbled, a tipsy smile coming to his face.
He didn’t have much time to stand around, however, because the door opened up behind him, and Sam stepped out.
Dean didn’t have to stand around and listen to that kind of talk.  “You ladies done yapping?  Because I’d like to get my stage off the road before someone decides it’s up for grabs.”  He turned on his heels and threw the security door open.  Sam was chuckling as he followed him out, but Dean let it slide.
The music seemed even louder than before when they went back through the doors, and there were less bodies ebbing like ocean waves on the dance floor.  Castiel bee-lined to the drinks table, where the jungle juice sat half-empty at the bottom of the punch bowl. Overturned Solo cups littered the table.
,” he said between his teeth. “You say I’m not coping, but you can’t even accept that you
But good luck with what?  With the day? With everyone whispering about him?  Was it a
Dean almost bit clean through his cheek then. Because, no, Charlie and Dorothy definitely didn’t still talk. That break up had been pretty messy. But that wasn’t his biggest concern at the moment. Currently, he had about a week and a half’s worth of over a hundred unanswered texts from Charlie and at least half that amount of missed calls. She’d tear him a new one the next time he talked to her.
Castiel didn’t care what that meant at the moment.
“Pathetic,” Raphael told him.  “Everyone always expected better from you, and each and every time, you proved them wrong.  And yet, Michael wants
"Hi."
At the door, Sam shot him a determined look. He tensed his shoulders, preparing himself for a fight. Dean
He kept busy with work, mostly.  And with making runs for Crowley.  He even managed to get back into the poker games, but avoided any high stakes tables to keep away from Gordon and his mooks.
he wanted to say, but held his tongue.
. Okay, so it wasn’t too early for this bullshit.
But he had to know.
“Relax,” Gabe told her, gesturing an upturned palm at Castiel.  “He’s got a baby!  What, do you think he’s some kind of outlaw?”  Gabe laughed.  Castiel, remembering the wanted poster folded in his pocket, tried to smile.  If they were on the caravan long, it was likely they weren’t up on the latest news.
No. No, Cas couldn’t think like that. That wasn’t the guy Dean knew. The stubborn, willful, sometimes downright stupid guy the Dean knew and loved. The second Cas stopped dragging his heels was the second all hope would be lost for them. And maybe Dean wasn’t ready to let that go yet.
With it held between his hands for safekeeping, he started towards the house, not bothering to use the stone walkway and instead cutting right across the fresh, dewy lawn.  When he got closer, a bright floodlight lit him up in white, blinding him momentarily.
Castiel lifted his brows in question.
Sam let out a breath that almost sounded like a laugh. “That’s not what’s weird about it.”
Sam wanted to say yes.  He shrugged, forlorn.  “Only if he wins.”
Castiel didn't know what came over him when he narrowed his eyes and said, "You're right.  But, then again, not many of us share your passion for the company, to make house calls to our employees in the middle of the night.  How very hands on of you."
Benny put his legs under him and picked himself up.  He wiped his mouth again, getting the egg that time, and balled the paper up before tossing it on his plate.  Carefully, he reached over the coffee table and lifted Dean’s plate, too. He went to the sink, put the plates down, and then walked back over.  He didn’t sit again.
The outlaw outside the tent had reached the flap.  Dean saw the shadow raise its hand slowly.  His finger rested on his trigger and he watched as the flap was pulled back.
Dean grabbed him tighter. His fingers constricted over Castiel’s hand. He gripped at Castiel’s shirt. “Cas—Don’t… Just… Stay.” His voice was shaky and wet, and he withdrew his hand from Castiel’s shirt to skate his fingertips across Castiel’s jaw. His hands were colder than Castiel had ever known them to be; they left blood in a trail on Castiel’s skin. Dean smiled weakly up at him, dull eyes gaining back a fraction of their luster. And Castiel knew he was afraid. He reached up, smoothed his thumb down the lines between Castiel’s eyes.
Cas cocked his head to the side and raised a skeptical brow.  Dean rolled his eyes and looked away.  "Don't gimme the look."  He just didn't have the faith in Meg that Cas, for whatever reason, did.
High above, a bird was giving off a grunting, garbled call that echoed off the gray trunks.  It sounded faintly like laughter.
.  Dean stopped himself from saying them.  They were ugly and unfair and jealous, and it was just his natural defenses building up, telling him to shut Cas out before he got too close.
“She wasn’t . . .” Dean paused, grunted.  “It just wasn’t right.”
"Is there something we can help you with?" she asked innocently.
It felt like he’d dreamed all of this up; and, at the same time, it was like nothing else was real.
Dean hummed. There was dirt on his chin. His eyes lit over Castiel, expression shifting when he caught sight of something. Despite Castiel’s confusion, Dean reached forward and prodded at his temple with the pad of his thumb. It caused a jolt of pain. Castiel gritted his teeth.
Something like steel passed over Cas' eyes, and the rest of him tensed with calm.  His voice was steady, too, low and rumbling beneath the music coming from the house.  "You're the one who disappeared, Dean."
Furniture was furniture.  He really didn’t give a crap about it.  He just wouldn’t have expected anyone living in one of these apartments to have the same attitude.  But he guessed he should have known better from Cas by now.
“Let’s take him inside,” the man said.
“Just sit down, would ya?” Dean ordered, yanking out the chair between himself and Mary. By the time Cas settled into it, the serving bowl of pasta was already being passed around.
“How?” Castiel demanded vehemently. “How can I when you pick and choose the information you think I should know?” Dean’s brows knitted together, confusion mixing with anger. Castiel could smell burning now. He powered through it. “Because, apparently, you had this entire secret life before me and you kept it hidden.”
head over heels, he guessed. But he never thought he’d have to go through this again, the whole coming out thing. It took a year before he actually told anyone upstairs—even Charlie;
.  Another little voice said,
Dean feigned ignorance by pulling a frown and shaking his head.  After a second, he made his eyes light up in fake recognition, snapped, and pointed at Duke.  "We didn't used to date, did we?" he laughed.
Castiel lost his shirt on the way into bed. He lay down on the mattress, propping himself up with one elbow as Dean crawled on top of him. He folded his hand around the back of Dean’s neck and brought him back in for a kiss. He could feel Dean’s panting breaths between kisses, could feel fire burning in his own lungs and a flush on his skin, could feel another kind of flame light in his veins and spread to his groin.
Gradually, other sensations ebbed into his consciousness.  He could feel the softness of a bed beneath him, and the light weight of a blanket.  He could feel his fingers twitching and he was aware of the tips of his toes.  There was some kind of pressure on his pointer finger of his right hand, and it kind of felt like a chip bag clip had been closed over it.  There was something light tickling his nostrils and cheeks, too, some alien thing that brushed down his neck.  It made a hissing sound as it gently forced slightly chilled air up his nose, making him feel congested with a cold.
No, it wasn’t enough.  Castiel needed him to say it.  He needed Michael to admit it.
“Who’s winning?” he asked, handing Cas the second beer.
“Again?” Cas had complained about it before. And maybe “expansion” wasn’t the right word for it, but it’s what Dean had called it at first when Cas went on about how “recalibrating the very fabric of heaven’s metaphysical plane from the individual paradises of trillions of souls into a singular entity is more complex than any terminology that human beings can comprehend.”
Castiel blinked. “Why do you keep calling me ‘buddy?’” Gabe blushed. “How long was I—”
hEY LOOK AT THAT A SUPER-LONG CHAPTER
Sam blushed to the roots of his hair. “Jessica, Dean. And… yes. Shut up,” he added as Dean opened his mouth to gloat. “We’re being rude to Castiel.” He turned to Castiel with a small, almost shy smile. “You are Castiel, I presume?”
He snorted. “Not for the past six weeks. But I usually run. Or swim.”
Castiel tore his gaze from Dean. “Yes.”
Now, though, Bastet was in the kennel, they were stuck in Cleveland airport during one of the busiest traveling seasons of the year, and Dean was still very reluctant about getting on the plane.
“There aren’t ten books,” Castiel grumbled. “Maybe two at most.”
“She stayed,” Dean marveled, seemingly touched by the gesture. He propped himself up on one elbow and tugged the covers away from her, managing to reach her back and give her a gentle rub.
if that hadn’t sounded like something completely different.
Castiel ignored him and grinned happily at his sister. “You didn’t have to come—”
“Sorry?” Dean repeated, blindsided. “What on earth are you sorry for?”
“Hosing?” Castiel asked with a frown. “Cars have hosing?”
“Cas?”
ready. For now, just be his best friend. Can you do that?”
“Yeah, from the hotel!”
Dean gave Castiel a knowing look. “That was one awful cover-up. I’m embarrassed for you.”
“Oh.” Castiel’s breathing evened out. “I woke you. I’m so sorry.”
“It’s… a triumph, Dean. You’re a fantastic cook.” Castiel slumped back in his seat, trying to get as far away from his plate as possible, feeling even worse than he had before Dean had knocked on his door. He took a sip of his lukewarm coffee, shoving down the reminder that it was his least-favorite thing to drink.
“You fell asleep.”
Dean grinned. “For bein’ a little shit.” He reached forward and flicked Castiel again, on the same spot but harder.
“I, uh.” He licked his lips and recovered. “You’re not taking advantage. I hardly ever use this TV, especially during the school year. Although being injured has definitely switched things up.”
< Hael: He’s here. In a cowboy costume. With the flu.
Dean’s cock was heavy and leaking across his stomach as Castiel said, “Ready?”
“I’m always gentle,” Dean assured him, his smile getting cockier. He stepped into the entryway, peeking into the living room as he pulled off his jacket and hung it on the coatstand. “Hi, Princess,” Dean called to Bastet as he went into the living room, leaving Castiel dying internally and taking longer than he needed to close the front door.
But, he had to admit, it did make the abominable wallpaper of his hospital room a little softer on the eye.
Castiel couldn’t restrain his own smile. “Yes.”
Castiel sighed as he followed her. “Good thing I wasn’t in a different building altogether.”
Dean chuckled under his breath and snuggled a little closer to Castiel, who was pretty sure that something small exploded in his brain as Dean did so. “That’s my Cas.”
Castiel stared at him. “You’ve been—?”
“Yes,” Castiel wheezed, trying to shuck his brother. “Yes, I know, but what are you doing here?!”
Michael looked at him for a moment. “I haven’t done anything, Gabriel. He’s the one living in foul, aberrant sin.” His gaze snapped to Castiel. “How’s Dean, Cassie? You taken it up the ass yet? Has he made you
< Dean: Do you want to come over?
“Dean, I—” Castiel struggled for the words. “I can’t accept that offer. That’s asking far too much of you. You just worked a twelve-hour shift, for crying out loud!”
“Fine,” said Castiel, nice and short. He turned towards the kitchen. “I have to feed her.” He walked away, the back of his neck and his ears burning. When he reached the kitchen, he gripped the edge of the counter and leaned over it, closing his eyes and wondering what the hell he was going to do.
He was standing near terminal twenty-two in Cleveland’s airport, barely able to glimpse the edge of Dean’s light-brown hair over the wide sea of heads. Their flight to Chicago would be boarding in ten minutes; from there they would transfer to another flight for Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Although it had taken at least three days of hardcore convincing on Castiel’s end, he’d managed to get Dean to agree to flying to Bobby’s place instead of driving, which, Castiel had insisted, was too dangerous with the possibility of ice on the roads and all manner of freak snowstorms.
and the only thing he wanted to do was spit it out. Guilt leaked into his stomach as he swallowed, almost crying with how badly he wanted to attack the plate of food until it was empty but knowing that he wouldn’t be able to enjoy it as much as it deserved to be enjoyed and that he’d probably end up throwing it up at some point, and he didn’t want to hurt Dean’s feelings but knew that he probably would.
Castiel scowled. “Yeah, right.” He pressed the back of his hand to Dean’s forehead and flinched at the heat. “Shit, Dean, you’re burning up.”
Castiel hummed and nodded, already having one in mind, but knowing his choice would garner some loud protesting from Dean.
“I’ll make it up to you,” Dean replied, almost as if he’d ignored Castiel. “I promise.”
Dean chuckled. “Thanks, Cas, really feelin’ the love.”
They stayed like that for a while, alternately groaning whenever the Bachelorette made a stupid decision or one of the guys said something really cliché. Then, Dean’s phone started to ring, a muffled blast of “Back in Black.” Dean made a face of slight annoyance and answered: “Hello?”
> Dean: happened
The drive back to their neighborhood was… awkward, to say the least. The moment he started the car, Castiel plugged in a cassette tape of Beethoven’s fifth symphony and cranked up the volume loud enough to discourage any kind of conversation. Castiel could feel Dean’s gaze burning a hole in the side of his head. It took all his willpower not to stare right back. By the time he pulled up in front of Dean’s house, the rain still coming down in sheets. He lowered the volume enough to speak.
Bobby was grumbling under his breath as he pulled out his wallet. “Damn kid…” He fished out a rumpled twenty and handed it over to a smirking Sam, who said, “Easy money, old man!”
Dean was scrutinizing Castiel’s torso, as if he wasn’t entirely convinced that Castiel was unscatched. “Well, I’m not thrilled about you fallin’ like that, but at least it happened while I was here.”
Castiel waved him off. “Dean, you basically nursed me back to health. It’s the least I can do.” He cleared his throat. “Now, for some reason—” probably the alcohol “—I’m super sleepy, so I’m going to be going upstairs now. Do you need anything?”
expression. “What the hell is whist? It sounds like the noise an old mouse would make when it dies.”
“What, like I can’t read an injury report?” Dean grabbed Castiel’s chart again and scribbled something. He glanced up, noticed the way Castiel was holding his breath, and frowned a little. “I know, bruised ribs hurt like hell, and your four hours are up. Means you can really feel ‘em. I was just waitin’ for you to show it.”
Dean went very still. “D’you . . . um. D’you make pie?”
“Mmm,” was the last thing Castiel heard as he drifted off to sleep, Dean’s lips pressed to the back of his neck.
“—screamin’,” Dean finished for him, his face nearly invisible in the dark. “You were screamin’.”
As autumn approached, the weather grew chillier, and soon Castiel was digging his favorite trench coat out of the closet. Gabriel had always hissed whenever the trench appeared (“It’s khaki and your worst fashion choice
“Go fish.”
Castiel smiled. “Yes. I can imagine that must’ve been a little confusing.”
There was a bit of an awkward pause, the unsaid hanging between them like falling snowflakes, and Castiel wondered if they would ever address what had happened or what had almost-maybe-kind-of happened.
“Undeniably.” Hael patted his hand. “You really should tell him what you overheard and see what he has to say. It isn’t fair to keep him in the dark, and he’s probably really hurt at the way you’ve been ignoring him.”
Dean nodded, his attention on the computer. “You were asleep for two days, some stiffness is to be expected.” He swallowed once, hard, his Adam’s apple bobbing jerkily, his eyes closing. “Full mobility is… uh… probably not far off, but just take it easy, if you want me to stretch you out a little, I can—”
Dean was cheerfully unwrapping the plates, which were piled high with spaghetti and meatballs. “Come and get it,” Dean told him, grabbing two sets of cutlery. Castiel obeyed with reluctance, a reluctance that wasn’t obvious until they were sitting at Castiel’s dining table and Dean was halfway through his meal while Castiel had barely taken a bite.
Surprise flickered across Hael’s face, rapidly followed by appreciation, wariness, and, eventually, slyness. She took his hand and shook it. “Hello, Dean. I’m Hael, Castiel’s assistant.” Her gaze locked on Castiel and she smirked. “I’m glad we finally get to meet. Castiel has told me so much about you.”
“Just that you eat like a bulldozer and are secretly married to my cat,” Castiel covered smoothly, shooting Hael a death glare over Dean’s shoulder; her smirk widened in reply.
Castiel didn’t trust himself to reply as he pulled the blanket further over his chest.
. I’m sick. You have to do what I say.”
Castiel met the RN’s muddy-green gaze. “You’re the first person in this hospital to address me as ‘doctor.’”
“Make ‘em laugh, make ‘em laugh,” Dean mumbled along to the film, tracing an outline of what looked like Bugs Bunny onto Castiel’s cast. “Dontcha know everyone wants to laugh—”
, Cassie. We have to watch the game.
“Watch yourself, man,” Garth said as he reached for his own drawing pad. “She’s got a mean left cross.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well,” he said into the silence. “Looks like it’s just you and me again, Bastet.”
Castiel huffed and kissed the corner of Dean’s mouth. “Why are you—would you—stop it, you’re making this difficult—”
“I was raised by profoundly religious parents,” Castiel began, “and I was the youngest of four children, so I was expected to follow as they followed, behave as they behaved. Everything was centered around church and faith — my father would read scripture to us at the dinner table, or for an hour after dinner on Sundays. I know,” he added, in response to Dean’s expression. “It was a lot to handle.”
Castiel smiled with some relief. “Yeah. She’s lovely. I think you’d really like Oberlin, Dean. It’s beautiful.”
“Of course,” he replied. “I’ll see you later.” She left the classroom with a last wave, leaving him and Dean alone in the lecture hall.
“I’m …” Dean gasped. The flush across his skin deepened, becoming a deep crimson. “Cas!” he squeaked, writhing underneath him. Then Dean shot between them, Castiel close behind as he bit Dean’s shoulder to stop from screaming out, Dean pulling a pillow over his face.
Castiel rolled his eyes and obeyed. Dean nodded once, taking both of the empty cups. “You’re good. Now you can return to La-La Land.”
Dean stared at him, wide-eyed. “Kay.” He tossed back the pills and took a quick swallow of water. He grimaced, presumably because of his sore throat, but finished off the glass at meeting Castiel’s stern look.
Something raw flickered in Dean’s face before he switched back to his huge grin. “All right. Just gimme one sec.” He turned and left Castiel’s room.
“I have a refined taste."
“That’s ‘cause you are, Cas.” Dean finished the last line on Marvin’s hat before capping the Sharpie and lifting his expectant gaze to Castiel’s. “All right. Where’re the bandages?”
“Well…” Sam took a breath, and Dean knew he was going to say— “Why don’t you try talkin’ to him?”
Castiel eyed the crutches with distaste.
“No, really,” Dean insisted. “I should get back. See if my pipes are okay, see if I got power, all that… stuff.” He inhaled quickly and dropped his gaze. “I’ll, uh, just grab my things and—”
“Dean?” Castiel murmured, caught off-guard by the sudden emotion choking both of them. “What—”
Dean hummed and stepped inside, closing the door behind him. “He’s like a peacock, only not as pretty.”
“Of all the ridiculous—” Dean shook his head. “You didn’t disturb me. This is my job, Cas. I’m not exactly meant to be catchin’ forty winks out there at the nurses’ station.”
“All right.” Dean turned, a plate in each hand. “Where do we eat?”
he recognized. “Oh, just a car accident. I’m fine now.”
Dean glanced down at his hand of cards and shrugged. “I’m not about to win anytime soon.” He smiled at Castiel. “We’ve got some time.”
“Dean.” He tried to scowl but wasn’t sure he succeeded. “I thought I told you—”
Dean shook his head and shoved his hand into the bucket of popcorn. “Only Jimmy Stewart could ignore Grace Kelly.”
Castiel felt his jaw drop and the next moment he was pouncing on the sofa and trying to rip the photo album out of Dean’s hands. “DEAN NO—”
Dean chewed on his lip before making eye contact with Gabe and nodding. They both glanced at Castiel again, who displayed no change, before turning their attention back to the phone. Gabe started typing:
“I’ll decide if it’s somethin’ worth mentionin’.” Dean’s tone was sharp.
“Are you seein’ anyone?” was Dean’s next question, so abrupt that Castiel, having almost recovered, fell into another coughing fit.
nothing to worry about?”
. “Thank God you’re here!” He pulled Castiel into a bone-crushing hug. “I hate the snow!”
“Oh.” Castiel was almost relieved. “Do you know what time it is?”
Castiel winced as the tape pulled at his skin and bits of his eyebrow, and Dean let out a low, “Sorry. Know it twinges a bit.”
Dean frowned. “What’s happened before?”
Castiel pulled Dean away from the pillar, nearly taking a hit in the chest from Dean’s army duffel but ducking away just in time. “We were on the ground in Chicago. Or did you forget?”
Castiel almost chuckled, reaching for Dean’s hand and squeezing it. “Stop freaking out, Dean.” He leaned forward and pressed a quick kiss to Dean’s surprised mouth. They’d only been ‘together’ for a few weeks now, but given everything, it didn’t feel scary, and it didn’t feel wrong. “I love you, too.”
Dean sat back into the squeaky cushions, silent. “I… dunno,” he eventually said.
Dean shot Castiel a grin and opened one of his cabinets. “Kinda. That okay?”
“Of course. That’s the way of the Universe, as dictated by the holy texts transcribed by the angel of Thursday.” Castiel side-eyed Dean. “It’s fate.”
, Castiel reasoned.
“Y’know, I can’t believe you’re eatin’ that whole thing. Aren’t you full to burstin’?”
Gabriel’s visit punched a massive but enjoyable hole in Castiel’s life. Soon, the hours he didn’t spend at school were filled with trips to Cleveland’s best restaurants and farmer’s markets, where Gabe nearly cried with happiness every time he saw something like fresh organic kale or a green and yellow heirloom tomato. Castiel would never fully understand his brother, but dutifully took mental notes for all of Gabe’s cooking advice. After all, he wouldn’t be nearly as good at cooking without his big brother walking him through the complex simplicities of his favorite recipes. As each day passed, Castiel remembered how fond he really was of his brother, and how much he’d missed having Gabe (and Anna) around.
“Yes.” Castiel turned and pulled the front door closed, locking it quickly but carefully.
“Yes, I—” He turned, saw who the speaker was, and smiled in relief. “Hael. Thank God. I don’t know what happened—”
Dean considered this before shrugging. “I s’pose that’s true.”
“Why?”
“Awesome.”
Dean was staring at him. “Um…” he finally managed. “Yeah. Let’s do that. Let’s get lunch.” He stood up, looking a little dazed.
Castiel raised his eyebrows. “Wow.”
Castiel rolled the condom on, his face flushing even darker at the way Dean was watching him. Bending to cover Dean’s chest with kisses, he slid a pillow under Dean’s hips, and then he lined himself up, staring down at Dean before he went any further. “Ready?” Castiel asked again, his voice a tremor.
Gabe’s expression turned serious. “Look, Dean. I don’t know what your feelings might be for my brother, but going off of what I’ve noticed, I think you’re definitely a little more than interested. And he definitely feels the same way about you.”
you probably want to punch me again (or worse) but i promise that the next chapter will be everything you want it to be!
“Had her in your thoughts,” Dean finished for him. “Dammit, Cas. Why haven’t you ever told me about her? It’s good for you to talk about stuff like this.”
Castiel reached for Dean’s corduroys, his fingers fumbling against the zipper in his eagerness. Dean huffed a breathless chuckle and slid his hands over Castiel’s, popping open the button and pulling down the zipper; they exchanged sheepish, almost bashful grins as Dean hoisted himself ungracefully off the mattress to tug off his pants. Castiel went quiet at the sight of Dean’s tented boxers, forgetting to draw breath and his focus becoming a lot sharper. Moments later, all of their other clothes were in a pile on the floor, Castiel fervently admiring Dean’s golden skin in the milky half-light, his hands skimming over Dean’s shoulders and arms and chest almost of their own accord.
Castiel had to stuff his arm into his mouth to keep himself from crying out, because
“Me too,” Dean said, and for some reason, Castiel wasn’t entirely surprised. “I get antsy if I don’t take a big drive every coupl’a months or so.”
Friday, October 2nd, was the first day it rained. Castiel discovered that his right foot did in fact hurt — a quite surprising amount — when it rained; Hael burst into laughter when he appeared at his office door soaked down to his suit (he’d forgotten his umbrella) and wearing the expression of a bad-tempered elderly bulldog. He took off his poor trench coat, hung it on the coat stand to dry, and stumped into his office, favoring his left foot. “Yes,” he said to Hael, fighting down his own laughter. “My foot hurts when it rains. It’s very unhelpful.”
“Good?” Castiel repeated, holding out Dean’s bowl. “Since when is
Then, with some amusement:
talk to me.”
> Dean: doctor thing
“Nuh-uh.” Dean had sucked his lips into his mouth. “Nuh-
“Very funny, Dean,” said the tallest person Castiel had ever met, rolling his eyes. He was lanky and broad, but still somehow gave off the air of an enthusiastic puppy, aided by his floppy brown hair and soft hazel eyes. He smiled as Dean pulled him into a hug and clapped Dean on the shoulder.
“I still don’t understand why you won’t let me drive.”
sorry for the late update but finals are awful~~~
Castiel gave up on his salad and reached for his apple instead; they were eating lunch in his office, since their conversation had taken them dangerously close to the beginning of Castiel’s office hours. “I stay in my office for a certain number of hours and students come in with questions about the course or assignments or exams or reading recommendations. It’s very casual.” He took a bite of his apple and quickly licked away the juice that ran down the side of his hand. When he looked up, he caught Dean staring at him, supposedly having watched the entire movement. “What?” he asked. “I washed my hands.”
and yes, 2153 and 2154 fulton road in cleveland, ohio actually exist. as does dave's supermarket. you can google maps the addresses and actually see the houses i've made to be dean's and castiel's :D if any of you actually live in cleveland, i'm sorry if any of this is inaccurate and for cyber-stalking your city <3
“Why,” Castiel demanded of him, but Dean dodged the question and told Castiel to sleep well, a note of urgency in his voice that made Castiel blink a few times. Surely Dean—
Castiel bit through the crunchy, buttery toast and into the warm, gooey cheese. He moaned rather embarrassingly and squeezed his eyes shut as he chewed. “Dean, this is—”
Castiel thought numbly. After a few moments, Gabe handed them to Castiel, still carefully watching him.
Castiel made it to Wednesday with two hours of dreamless sleep sometime between four and seven A.M., Thursday without sleeping at all, and Friday with a nightmare that had apparently made him scream so loudly that he didn’t have his voice for most of the morning, and almost late for work because it had reduced him to a quivering, Migraine-ridden mess.
The nurse’s face broke into a grin. “I do know him. He’s lovely.” She held open the door for Castiel. “How’d you meet him?”
“Of course, of course,” Gabriel assured him, one eye still locked on Castiel.
Now it was Dean’s turn to raise his eyebrows. “Balthazar?”
“Suprabhaat, shikshak,” they all chanted in reply (well, everyone except Dean, who was looking thoroughly bemused).
“... that’s your nightmare,” Dean finished for him. “Cas, I’m…” He seemed unable to find the words. Then, a warm arm wrapped around Castiel from behind and help him tightly. Dean pressed his face into Castiel’s back.
Castiel nodded.
Castiel took the plate back from him with a smile and put it on the coffee table. “Then maybe that’s where you should start.”
“Fine,” Castiel replied, hoping he was better at lying. “The pain meds helped.”
Castiel refrained from shuddering at both the nickname
Dean, though, was a different story. He was obstinate to a tee, calling Castiel at least once a day and showing up on his porch almost every night with food in hand before he went off to his shift. Castiel took extreme precautions, ignoring his phone and pretending that he couldn’t hear Dean’s knocks and eventually, his pleading. Gabe started to call more frequently, Anna too, and soon, he could feel Hael’s wary gaze even when his door was closed. It made him so frustrated that he wanted to sob, because he couldn’t explain this to them, he couldn’t make them understand that he had to be left alone, that he had to wait out this ‘spell’ like a drought.
Dean scooped out the last of his oatmeal. “We certainly did.” He finished it off in one big bite, hardly a moment passing before he was sending Castiel’s mug covetous looks. Smiling, Castiel handed over his half-finished oatmeal without a word. Dean grinned at him before polishing off the oatmeal in three large bites.
Dean grinned. “And that’s what I thought you’d say.” He turned onto West 25th. “Let’s get you to Dave’s.”
RN Sally glanced at her watch and bit her lip. “Listen, my shift’s almost up, but I’d be pretty pissed at myself if I didn’t at least get you something for dinner.”
Dean’s expression was a complex mixture of shock and sadness, his eyes wide and shining as he stared at Castiel. Castiel felt an undefinable pang and tried to think of something, anything, to say, but then Gabe cut in:
, Castiel fuzzily remembered.
“Apparently, it didn’t become a thing until last night. There were midnight runs on all the grocery stores because families didn’t find out until they got home from trick-or-treating. They’re calling it All-Snows’ Eve on the radio.” Castiel shrugged. “And somehow, we both managed to miss the warning.”
Dean: that youve never seen star wars?????
Dean’s gaze seemed hesitant. “Can I ask what your realization was? The thing that made you realize you didn’t believe what your parents believed?”
Someone passing by on the way to their seat hissed, “Faggots.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow at the website. “Craigslist? Really?”
, you fucking idiot!” came Gabriel’s instant reply. “Open the door!”
“One,” Castiel replied, “your welcome can never be overstayed. Two: tomorrow night, at the earliest. But probably more like Monday, Tuesday if it really sets in.”
content warning for mentions of past abuse and anxiety treatment (i guess?). and honestly i just tried my best with the medical stuff i'm really sorry if i got anything horrifically wrong!
“Severe dehydration and chronic exhaustion, paired nicely with an almost nonexistent blood sugar,” Dean reeled off. “And you fainted on the sidewalk before I could get to you.” He leaned a little closer, his Nurse Face on. “How’s that concussion treatin’ you?”
“Please join me, by all means,” Castiel said. “It’s the least I can do for someone who’s getting me dinner.”
wow i'm so sorry for the late update but my parents are apparently having pre-separation anxiety and i've barely had any time to write these past couple of days.
Dean shook his head. “My mom, uh . . . There was a fire. I was four.” He cleared his throat quickly. “My dad kind of lost it after that. He kept on chasin’ jobs, draggin’ me and Sammy across the country. And he drank.” Dean chewed on his bottom lip. “Everythin’ finally caught up to him when I was about fourteen. Wrapped his car around a tree.” Dean seemed to brighten a little. “That’s when Bobby took us in. He was an old friend of our dad’s, and he’d known us since we were kids.” He smiled. “Taught me everythin’ I know about cars, helped me put my dad’s Impala back together.” Ah, Castiel noted, that must be Baby. “And we sent Sammy off to Stanford. And now he’s gettin’ his law degree.”
“We’re here,” Sam and Dean announced simultaneously, giving each other a look after doing so. “C’mon, Cas,” Dean said as he popped open his door. “Bobby’s not gettin’ any younger.”
“Eh.” Dean shrugged, reaching for his glass of water. “It’s just a doodle.”
Castiel lifted one shoulder in a half-shrug. “It’s the stuff of a soap opera—”
“Yes,” he replied. “But you haven’t told me about your summer yet.”
Dean: r u telling me
Dean looked at the medicine and sighed. “Cas, I can’t— you’re already bein’ so nice, and I think it would just be better if—”
“It’s the only vintage drive-in left in Cleveland. They have an old-fashioned diner and everything — burgers, shakes, fries. And tonight they’re playing an old Hitchcock…” Castiel paused, looking at Dean with real sincerity. “I want to thank you for all your help with the car and, well, everything else. It means a lot to me.”
Dean pulled out a pink iPod with earbuds attached and Castiel raised an eyebrow. “Is that your coping mechanism?”
Castiel smiled and took the bottles. “That would be Gabe. He always shows off for company.”
“I also know that the next time I see Michael, he’ll be eatin’ a knuckle sandwich with a side of a kick to the balls.”
“Say no more.”
“No, that’s
Dean nodded again and Gabe continued:
Castiel swallowed too quickly and experienced the odd sensation of a crippling brain freeze mixed with a doubling heart rate. Dean immediately noticed his blush and laughed.
“I know.” Dean scrabbled for Castiel’s hands, both of them trembling. “This is it. This is happening. This is really happening.”
Dean glanced down at the CD, his mouth twitching into a smile. “No way.”
“At least you have your pants,” Kevin said with remarkable eloquence for someone at his level of intoxication. He was sitting in just his boxers, arms pressed up against his sides.
Dean snorted. The size of the coat made him look a decade younger. “I did, up until about a month ago, when I lost my original and just started usin’ my spare. S’what I get for bein’ lazy.”
“Wanna…?” Dean hissed, and Castiel knew what he meant.
“All right.” Gabe let go of Bastet with a sigh. “Guess that means I’m the one shoveling the front walk.”
“All quiet,” she replied, sliding Castiel’s satchel off her shoulder and handing it to Dean. “I wouldn’t let him carry it,” she explained at Dean’s questioning look. “There are about ten books in there and he had his new crutches to worry about.”
Castiel stepped back as well, closer to the snow. “And let me know if everything’s okay over here, no burst pipes or anything.”
Dean’s eyebrows flickered up in surprise. “Oh. Okay.”
, he thought,
“Concussion?” Castiel croaked, his head starting to reel. Now that he was looking for it, he could definitely feel an ache that started in his forehead and migrated all the way to the back of his skull.
Castiel handed the papers back to her. “Now that we’ve established that you and Dean are, in fact, the same soul in different bodies, I think I’ll go get us some iced tea.”
Dean gently bumped Castiel’s knee with his  knuckles. “So how’re you feelin’, Cas?”
? Drowning your sorrows?”
She was staring at him, her blue eyes wide. She warily approached him and leaned on the bar. “What are you doing here?”
. “Interesting,” he finally settled on. “I actually did some time in the ER.”
> Dean: this can go 1 of 2 ways
“Damn straight.”
Castiel met Dean’s open green gaze with his own attempt at a smile and realized that he was absolutely fucked.
because Castiel was still technically injured.
(and i'm sorry i'm just really proud of the "French girls" line)
again, thank you so much for reading! reviews are highly appreciated :3 i love talking to you guys!!! <3
Castiel leaned his head back against the standard-hospital-white wall and continued his internal and systematic cursing of the many deities he was familiar with. Here he was, waiting for news of Bastet’s condition, his stomach a roiling mess of emotions thanks to the presence of a very damp and sleepy Dean, who was sitting not two feet away. Castiel knew that he still had feelings for Dean, and that they were somehow still friends, but everything was thrown off by the pangs of hurt and insult that overrode his thoughts every time he looked at Dean. Now, when they were the only occupants of the vet’s waiting room, the tension between them was thick enough to slice and serve up with a side of fries, and it didn’t help that Dean would glance at him every minute or so with this look of worry, like he was waiting for Castiel to blow up.
“Hence the scrubs.”
“That’s the magic of vintage.” Dean snorted to himself. “Nash Rambler, man. Who’d’ve thunk it?”
Castiel blinked, the face in front of him coming further into focus as he fully woke up. He belatedly realized that Dean probably thought he was an idiot and tried to refocus on what Dean was saying.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
“So tell me,” Dean was saying, his voice low as he shifted his attention from Castiel’s knee to Castiel’s calf. “If you’re all alone in Cleveland, where’s your family?”
At the foot of the stairs, he paused to slip on and lace up his shoes and perform a mental double-check of the contents of his briefcase. Laptop - check. Fifteen copies of his syllabus - check. His planner, favorite pen, and course schedule - check. His phone - check. His new set of business cards and office hours - check.
and i don't think i ever mentioned this, but feel free to reach out to me (or, y'know, yell at me) on tumblr - if i have enough of you guys following me, i'll post when i put in a chapter update :) arspondency.tumblr.com!
“No, Cas,” Dean said through a laugh, “I think I’m good.”
“He doesn’t care.”
Castiel spluttered, trapped in semi-consciousness. “I was—what?”
Castiel reached for one of two mugs sitting next to the fireplace. “Here’s your oatmeal. I managed to boil some water before I started the bacon.” He stuck a spoon into the oatmeal and handed the mug to Dean, grabbing a plate that he filled with bacon and eggs before giving it to Dean’s other hand.
“No. And yeah, you do snore.” Dean pressed a button on the side of Castiel’s bed and a light immediately above the bed came on. “Good?”
Castiel: what were you arguing about?
, Cas?”
Dean smirked as the elevator arrived and the doors slid open. “I hear ya. Time’s a bitch.”
, Castiel thought to himself with a slight grumble,
Jodie Mills was a middle-aged woman who had short hair, was quietly tough, favoured plaid, and had a bossy mothering side. Castiel liked her instantly.
He’d kept in avid touch with Gabe and Anna after they’d left, mostly via Skype. Gabe was swamped in holiday orders from his bakery, so he wasn’t around much, but when he was, he’d regale Castiel with stories of malfunctioning ovens and pastry bags gone awry, barely staying awake but powered by his manic fascination nonetheless. Castiel had spoken most with Anna; they’d video-chatted while he put together his final exam and she slogged through her illustrations. Every time Castiel signed off, he’d realize how lucky he was to have such amazing siblings.
Blushing, Castiel slid the handouts in next to his laptop. “Thank you, Hael. How much time do I have?”
3: give all llamas and hugs to hubrisandwax cuz she's just a beta goddess ok? ok.
“My sister’s in Massachusetts and my brother’s in California.” Castiel shook his head. “My other brother… I’m not sure where he is.”
“My hero,” Castiel deadpanned, using his crutches to take a small step away from Dean.
Castiel smiled without humor. “I only speak with two of my siblings. Anna, who lives in Boston, and Gabe, who’s making pastry out in Los Angeles. My eldest brother, Michael, I haven’t heard from in…” He shook his head. “It’s not important.”
Bastet’s reply was swallowed in the snap of his back door as he made his way out of the house and down the garden path. A moment later, he was pushing the button to open the automatic door of his garage and settling himself behind the wheel of his Rambler before he started the engine.
Dean hummed. “Wasn’t it? You were kinda, y’know, upset.”
Castiel shrugged, his hand buried in Bastet’s tummy fur. “In my house, it was more Brandenburg Concertos than pop culture.”
Castiel went back into his bedroom, carrying the cold medicine. Dean had carefully folded all of the components of his costume and left them in a neat pile on one of Castiel’s chairs. Dean was sitting on the bed, still looking as if he didn’t quite know what to do with himself.
“Yeah.” He blinked, turning his gaze to the window. His room was on an upper floor, so his view consisted of the top halves of trees and some of the Cleveland skyline. The city glittered under the inky sky, winking at him through the humid air. If nothing else, he could be grateful for the air conditioning.
“No problem,” Dean replied, his voice unsteady. “I’m just glad I got to her in time, that she’s okay.” He blinked. “I don’t know what I would’ve done if she… y’know.”
Castiel turned to his friend, who was leaning against the first row of seats. “So, what’d you think?”
“Dean, I—”
marathon.”
Dean grinned. “‘Cause it’s a freakin’ rabbit hole. You eat one bite of ice cream and suddenly you gotta eat the whole store. But today was a good day to come. It’s best to save these things for celebrations.”
Dean: meg and i just got into a 30 min argument about star wars
Dean huffed around a smirk and took the book from him. “
“Don’t worry, Kev,” Meg crooned, her hand curled around her fourth bottle of beer. She, unlike the rest of them, was fully clothed. Castiel was one hand away from proclaiming her a cheat. “Garth and Cas are having a tough time of it, too.”
“All right,” Castiel said expectantly, gesturing to the bed. “Get in. Get snuggly. Under the covers, under the pillows if you really want to.”
Castiel turned at the request and immediately regretted it. “Hael.”
> Dean Winchester: ask the cloud
Increasingly, Castiel would suddenly come out of a blackout to find himself standing at the top of the stairs with no recollection of what he’d come upstairs for, or in a shower that was rapidly turning cold with no memory of even getting undressed. As Monday approached, he realized that driving probably wouldn’t be the best idea, and called to reserve a car to take him to and from Oberlin for the duration of the week before falling into a semi-conscious stupor, barely remembering to feed Bastet her dinner and (unsuccessfully) trying to read a new book about gender roles in the Qu’ran.
Dean grinned around the bread. “That’s ‘cause you are.” He looked at Castiel for a moment before saying, “So how’d you sleep?”
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean shouldered into the house and hugged Bobby. When Bobby pulled away, his beard twitched in what Castiel assumed was a smile as he glanced Dean over.
“I don’t know, Dean,” Castiel replied, reaching into the front pocket and pulling out a small box. “That depends on whether you’re any good at Go Fish.”
,” Dean replied pointedly, and Castiel made a mental note to see if he had some Claritin in the medicine cabinet. “I just can’t believe you named your cat after a—”
Meg snorted. “Did you just talk to your cat?”
“Charming, Gabriel, thank you,” Castiel snarked. “And would you shut up about the sexual tension? Dean doesn’t even—”
Dean choked a little.
A stress x-ray may be done to see if the fracture and ankle are stable.
