“You need sleep more than you need caffeine and sugar.”
Something inside her that she’s not quite ready to identify unclenches at Tasha’s admission, which makes absolutely no sense.  She keeps her tone neutral as she answers.
“Somehow I’m getting the feeling that’s an understatement.”
“I’m at the top of the stares.  I get a clear shot, and I’ll take it.  Let’s see if this thing can block from two different directions.”
. I’ll never live it down."
“You sure you’re ready for this?” Natasha asks, sipping her drink.
“No, I mean I
“Hey!” Tony cuts in.  “You two are not allowed to collude.  It’s bad enough when Pepper does it!”
“So that’s what this is about?  Since I’m not invulnerable, I’m not allowed to take risks?" he asks, somewhat pissed off.  "Hate to burst your bubble, Steve, but not all of us can be invincible.  We have to do the best with what we’ve got.”
He starts slowly, but the words begin to tumble out as he gets going.  “It started out as a means to an end.  There was a cave, I needed out of the cave, and I had a fixed amount of time to figure something out.  The thing is, the problems didn’t stop when I landed; if anything they got clearer.  Tony Stark had spent his whole life profiting off the world’s vice, but Iron Man...Iron Man could actually make a difference.  So when I got back I went into mechanic mode – upgraded the suit,  streamlined the systems, and, well, you know the rest.  I found someone foolish enough to pilot the suit, and the rest is history.”
“And it’s just the suit?”
“Since when do you take Steve’s side on everything?” he asks, somewhat disgruntled at his AI’s extreme unhelpfulness.
and more
“ – but it’s painfully clear you need to be brought up to speed.  So I figure the best way to do that is to set a baseline for what you do and don’t know.”
“I assume you’re already in?”
Two can play this game.
"But it doesn't make any sense,” Tony responds, his voice caught between laughter and confusion.  “You're so graceful.”  Seriously, the man throws backflips into his sparring sessions and swan dives off airplanes.  "I've seen you work out. I've seen you fight. You're breathtaking. And... you can't dance?"
And how exactly is she supposed to answer that?  She can feel her cheeks heating up, and dammit, the serum’s supposed to regulate her systems, not throw her body into havoc when some socialite CEO inventor gets cheeky.
“It’s bad luck.”
Thor perks up at the mention of his name and somehow manages to look smug despite his towel hat and the bag of potato chips in his hands.  “Does not one of your planet’s creation stories include a talking snake and magic fruit?”
“I was trying to find a way to tell you, but – ”
“Do you have something to say?!” she rejoins, her voice sharp.
“Well,” Steve answers, gripping onto Tony’s forearms and dragging himself into a sitting position.  “That settles it then.”
He doesn’t look too thrilled about it, though.  The residual stress from today’s events and the leftover maybe-we-shouldn’t-do-this vibes still have Tony looking relatively downcast.  More than that, Tony seems
“Did they hit anything major?” he continues. “We need to make sure that you don’t have…” His voice trails off as he lifts the shirt past her ribcage.
“Tony…”  Natasha’s voice answers back hesitantly, and he’s never heard Black Widow sound that soft before.  “You’d better get down here.”
to mean clarity.
(He’s mentally labored to get that scenario to work out in his favor, but, let’s face it, between the two of them, Steve will always end up as Prince Charming.  Oh well.  If he’s going to work that metaphor, at least he’ll end up with some really advanced, custom fit, repulsor-propelled thrusters as a consolation prize.  Which he will immediately reverse engineer and upgrade.)
True to form, Tony’s made a beeline for his tech haven, not every bothering to change out of his suit.  Steve can vaguely make out his jacket thrown over the back of a chair and the loosened bow tie around Tony’s neck; it looks as if comfort comes second to Tony's need to occupy his hands.  He’s currently bent over some extremely complex piece of equipment with a soldering tool clasped in his left fist.
He moves, placing one of his hands behind Steve’s neck and threads the other through his hair.  Their combined momentum drives them back against the door, and Steve is trapped between Tony’s chest and the hands cradling his head.  Before Steve can finish his utterly pointless apology, Tony presses their mouths together.
than pulled my weight so — ”
primarily roses cut with some other flower that he can’t quite identify –
Within moments, he’s got an answer.
And there it is.  Trust a computer program to hone in on his deepest insecurity.  Despite the fact that the answer may not be to his liking, he can’t stop himself from asking –
Maybe it’s a sign.  The guy’s got to be bored out of his mind sitting day in and day out in Tony’s hallway.  No matter what time he gets down here or what time he goes to bed, Rogers is always here, waiting with his infuriating questions.  This type of pigheadedness is simply not sustainable.  At least, Tony hopes it’s not.  He doesn’t know how much more of this he can take.
“Blame the Irish in me.” He kisses her cheek again and backs up. “See you in about ten hours.”
Then again, the open invitation into his private domain really doesn’t matter if the invitee never shows.  He never knew Agent Stalker could be just as annoying when he wasn’t stalking!
It’s not until Natasha shifts that he catches sight of the blue uniform.  Steve’s form is almost indiscernible against the pavement, and it certainly doesn’t help that he’s lying down...
She winces and casts her eyes down toward where their hands rest at her bloodied waist. The light from the arc reactor makes her blood look black on their skins.
“Say it a little louder, why don’t you?”  Tony’s head rotates quickly toward the line of squad cars behind them, which luckily are maintaining their distance.  “Obviously, Birdbrain.”
“Not directly, it seems.” JARVIS answers.  “However, power does seem to be out throughout the greater part of New York City?”
As far as Steve knows, the last time Tony Stark and Steve Rogers spoke, they were having a moment, or at least what would have been a moment if the alien could have waited five fucking minutes.  Even though Tony’s been on a mental rollercoaster over the past few hours, Steve doesn’t know that.
That’s slightly unfair.  He’s not exactly working in the lab
It takes JARVIS a moment to respond, but when he does, his typically moderate British voice emerges clipped and reserved.  “I am loyal to sir in all things.  My protocols forbid me from engaging in any form of deception.”
None of this feels like luck to Steve.
The encouraging look disappears from Tony’s face and gives way to puzzlement.  He shifts, his body rearing slightly backwards as he looks at Steve in confusion.  “What?”
“What?” Natasha answers, her voice still raised.
“I believe Agent Rogers’ explicitly instructed you to rest.”
“He said he wanted to fix it?”  Natasha’s voice rings amazingly clear out of the speakers of Steve’s new phone, which is currently cradled between his ear and his shoulder and he darts around the room.
He smirks at Clint.  “Well, I used to punch Hitler on a regular basis, so I think I’m still in the green.”
“Are you suggesting that I provide you with relevant gifs to exchange with Sir?  Forgive me, Agent Rogers, but that does seem a bit trivial.”
“Damn it, Tony, I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to freak out on you like that.”  Tony assumes the anger in Steve’s voice is indicative some pretty intense self-loathing, and that’s not going to fly.  As someone intimately familiar with the concept of self-hatred, he’s pretty good and gauging when it’s justified, and there’s no way that Steve deserves the loathing embedded within his voice.
She has absolutely no idea where Tasha is going with this.  Texting has always been a somewhat off-putting experience, a strange combination between a phone call and letter writing.  She’s not really used to the luxury of either, so having an instant means of communication so readily at her fingertips is still somewhat bizarre.  Moreover, Tasha’s texts seem to follow no logical rhyme or reason.  Sometimes she’ll send a link to something she thinks Steph would find interesting, whereas other times she’ll just forward emoticons and a string of random letters.  It’s mildly infuriating.  The woman’s hard enough to read when Steph can see her face.  Give her a technological shield, and it cuts off half of Steph’s evaluative criteria.  Still, this is the first contact she’s had with Tasha in almost forty-eight hours, so she’ll take what she can get.
Jesus.  No wonder Steve started freaking out;
Because
Iron Man shifts at that, punching out a rebuttal in a baffled staccato. “You. Are. Captain. America. You fought Nazis. You
JARVIS neglects to add his usual snark, but the viewing screen appears in its usual place in front of the sofa.  Steve can see the poster from whatever movie’s next on the list, but he honestly couldn’t care less.  He’s far too concerned with the man sitting next to him.
“I’m sorry?” Steve asks, once more turning to face Stark.  The inventor looks somewhat wary, but he keeps talking, and Steve allows himself to hope that they might finally be getting somewhere.
Steve stares at him blankly, as if he doesn’t grasp the implications of that last statement.  “I don’t follow you.”
Meanwhile, Natasha seems to have all of the steam sucked out of her. “Oh,” she answers and her face finally goes still.
.  She doesn’t know
“Me too,” she answers, her tone wistful. “But I’m pretty sure that’s not possible without you in his life.” Her eyes bore into him as if she could print the words on his brain with the intensity of her stare. She beaks after a few seconds and extends her hand toward him. “So friends?”
told so many people.
instead of swiping one of Steph’s protein bars on the way to her next meeting.  (She’s started buying those bars in bulk, because Tasha’s tiny enough as it is without missing meals.  And it’s her job to see to her teammates’ wellbeing.)  And Tasha has every right to walk around her own home wearing whatever she wants, because it is not Steph’s place to judge.  (Although she’s pretty sure cotton tanks were thicker in her day.  With higher necklines.)  Tasha is a grown woman and so is Steph.  They can get along like reasonable adults.  Colleagues.  Friendly acquaintances and coincidental roommates.  It’s fine.
Never ceasing his movement, the god of thunder hoists his hammer above his shoulder and throws, as if he were throwing out the first pitch at a baseball game instead of an awe-inspiring weapon from another world.
Steve paused, trying to find a way to sum up the past few weeks. Somehow, he doesn’t think there are adequate words in the English language.
It takes him a surprisingly short amount of time to make his way back to Market Street.  It probably only seemed like forever when he was carrying around a giant shocky thing, but you know what people say; perspective makes all the difference.  He fully expects everyone to be waiting for him on that rooftop, and yet, to his infinite surprise, the space is empty.
“It’s sort of a big deal when someone just gives you a phone that expensive,” Clint retorts.  “Previous StarkPhones with that type of processing speed and storage typically run over a grand.  I can’t even think of how much this one will cost when it hits the market.”
“What if I don’t know how?” he asks, his voice the most vulnerable it’s been since the interview started.
Natasha crosses arms and shifts her weight back to her hips. After a long pause, she says, “You’re a good friend, Steve. I'm pretty busy, though. I’ve got some things coming up this week that I’m not nearly prepared for. ”
Now with original art!
“Probably not, but I’m kind of going out of my mind just sitting in that apartment,” Steve answers. “Something’s better than nothing, right?”
“Yup, that’s Hitchcock for you.  So what’s next on the agenda?”  Tony waves his hand, and his Steve’s movie list appears on one of the floating projections in front of him.  So far, there seems to be no rhyme or reason to the movies Tony’s chosen, but he definitely feels more in tune with people now that he can understand the subtext of what they’re saying. He’d actually laughed at Clint’s heavily accented
,” he insists, trying to draw on Tony’s incredulity.  The more Tony speaks, the less he has to lie about.  “But growing up I didn’t know anything different.”
Fury promised to think about putting him in the field. But as of yet, nothing’s happened. Steve needs that to change as soon as possible.  Despite his qualms about working without his shield and alter ego, he’s still a soldier, and one desperately in need of a mission.
Not that you care, but I made it to the elevator past the SHIELD agent staging a sit-in.
And Steve is responding more enthusiastically than he ever could have wished for.  His hands have curled around Tony’s back, pulling him tight to his chest as if he’s never going to let him go.  Everywhere their bodies touch feels like it’s on fire, each point of contact a tiny flame that builds the longer they maintain contact.
He swings by that ratty little taco stand that they both like and grabs an obscenely large amount of food.  The smell of grease and cheese wafts through the service elevator as the metal doors shut behind him.
“You know, usually I’d deflect that question, but your spot-on cultural reference deserves a reward.” He waits a moment before continuing. “I don’t need the helmet.”
“Yes, I did,” Fury replies extending his hand for a handshake. The two men shake hands, and Fury gestures to one of the visitor’s chairs, stating, “Sit down Captain.”
She draws him to her by the collar of his shirt for one last kiss, and then she pushes him up. “All right, fine. Out! Gotta try for those last bits of beauty sleep before the cameras start rolling, and I can’t guarantee that I won’t ravish you if you keep standing there.”
“Yeah, I think we get the idea,” Tony butts in.  His face is rueful for a moment, but it quickly transforms into a look of semi-incredulous grin.  Steve’s not entirely sure the same looks not plastered over his own face.
“Correct.”
“What about them?”
He’s going to assume the blonde man is Captain America; even though he’s never actually seen the man without the cowl and uniform, he looks about the right size and shape to fill out the Captain America spandex.  Still, it’s hard to see the stuck-up World War II vet he fought with nearly a year ago with the person in front of him.  Not only is the guy so incredibly young, but he looks far too at ease draped over Stark’s knees with the other man’s fingers running through his damp hair.
Steve stutters, not sure if he can explain this.  He remembers Natasha’s advice – keep it as close to the truth as possible – and tries to choke out an answer.
“Not really,” Natasha answers. “D.C. never is.”
“Sure, anything,” Steve replies, blissfully unaware of the mayhem currently going on inside Tony’s head.
“It means,” he answers back, the ends of the tape unfurling from around his palm, “that we decided to take things slow.”
“You could have been hurt!”
Most telling of all, though, is the way Steve is currently holding himself stock still, as if he’s the one whose entire universe is hanging on the outcome of their conversation.   Tony is intimately familiar with that sensation.
JARVIS takes a moment before responding.  “That’s a bit harder to classify.  According to what I can gather, some users construct their own files, through somewhat questionably legal means.  Others pull their reactions from hosted websites, but the labeling system is somewhat sporadic.  Most usages of the gif rely on the ingenuity of the user and ability of the recipient to interpret the humorous juxtaposition.”
“The whole
No, not really. He just really didn’t want to hear another word about his theoretical leaving, because as confused as he is, the thought of staying away permanently, from the team and his life and
“What are you doing in my living room?  You don’t even go here!”
Electricity?  Steve immediately picks up his pace, taking the stairs two and three at a time.  He has no idea how that’s going to affect Thor, considering he uses lighting as one of his weapons of choice, but Tony wears a suit made of metal, and he has no idea how the gold-titanium alloy will withstand an electrical charge.
“I’m sorry, what was that?”
If Iron Man meant his disclosure to be comforting, he’s widely missed the mark. The whole time? In the four years they’ve known each other, Iron Man has been seeing the same woman
“Forget about it.”  Steve forces himself to grin.  “Sparring tomorrow at eight?”
It’s not until later that Steph realizes just how much Stark’s media circus has shaped public record.  Even with the wealth of news crews in New York City and a seemingly-endless array of cell phone cameras, there’s not that much direct footage of the actual fighting.  They'd all moved around too quickly, and most of the people who got close to the action had more pressing concerns than filming events for posterity.  Not that Steph really understands the need to document every single moment of life, but the world seems to lap up Natasha’s exuberance.  And her footage.
The moment Steve walks through the door, Tony makes a beeline for the man holding the oh-so-promising brown paper sack.  He’s glad to see Steve, but he is particularly happy at the prospect of eating for the first time in twelve hours.
It’s telling because these thoughts should not be the first thing on his mind. Iron Man is a woman. And injured. And Natasha fucking Stark. But his traitor brain has conveniently bypassed all of these more pressing concerns and zeroed in on the more intimate ones. Because if he’s being honest with himself, that's what this entire thing has always been about. From the moment he found Natasha asleep in his best friend’s bed, his unconscious has forcefully reacted against the idea of that friend being with anyone else. Because if anyone belonged there, it should be him.
Tony looks at him strangely, and Steve immediately wonders where he’s gone wrong.  “As much as I’d like to take credit for digital news,” he begins slowly, “that’s not really my doing.  That’s been around for...well, forever.”
“Okay, I’m going in.  Let’s keep this calm, and hopefully we’ll get out of here without things escalating.  Widow, you copy?”
Tony shrugs.  “It’s taking the city a while to recover from the intergalactic wrecking ball.  Construction crews are hauling away things bit by bit, but I don’t think cleanup’s a priority at the moment.”
It’s fine though.  If he can deal with being resurrected in a new century, he can deal with the aftermath of one misguided crush.  At least that’s what he thinks until he looks down at his sketchpad.
Whether the creature has some form of consciousness or just an animalistic preservation instinct, Tony doesn’t know, but it immediately senses that the flying red thing is a serious threat.  It bucks, trying desperately to break his hold, and for a moment the suit bobs in mid-air.  Oh, no.  That’s not happening.  He kicks the thrusters into maximum overdrive, and he bursts into the air, captive in hand.
In the absence of any concrete facts, his brain fills in the missing information with what little it did know. He’s seen the armor lift tanks; it would be the work of a moment to lift Natasha, to guide her legs around the armor’s waist and settle gauntleted hands beneath her hips. To lift her high enough to meet an unmasked faced, since apparently, Iron Man didn’t need the helmet all the time. Or would he take the gauntlet off and run his bared fingers up and down her body, the skin-to-skin contact made all the more intimate by prolonged sensory deprivation?
“Stark needs someone to light a fire under him, and that someone is you.”
“If it ain’t broke,” Steve says.
To:  Stark, Tony
, he wants to insist,
century artists engaged with geometry to improve their understanding of composition.  Steve gets to explain all of the reasons why math helped change modes of artistic representation, and he gets to talk about a NASA colleague who's implementing origami into satellite design.  As they leave the museum, he mentally contemplates having Pepper contact the museum curators about buying that Durer print.  He can’t wait to see the look on her face when he approaches her about buying art.  On
“Steve, no, I’m sorry that’s just wrong.  And crazy.  Like the moon landing was faked, Elvis walks among us, dingo ate my baby crazy.  We’re talking
“Yes and no.  They started out that way, but they’ve bought Pixar and Lucasfilm and ABC, so they’ve got tentacles everywhere.  Not to mention that fact that they’ve discovered the moneymaking machines that are reboots.  Since they’ve tapped into our overwhelming cultural nostalgia with great success, they’re pretty much just going to keep churning out remakes and sequels for time immemorial.  In fact, I’m pretty much convinced they secretly rule the world.  We’re all living in a fantasy of Disney’s making, and they’re slowly sucking our lifeblood to power their all-encompassing corporate structure.  We probably won’t escape until we die, age out, or collapse from exhaustion.”  He mentally adds
It’s possible that his frustration has more to do with his own issues than with Stark himself.  He finally gets assigned something to do – admittedly not the most exciting thing, but a
“Uh huh.  So what does that mean?  Are you and Stark, like, a thing?”
for him, as if his prolonged abstinence is a good thing.  “He must be really special, if you’re dating a SHIELD agent without any of your usual incentives.”
“Yes,” he rejoins.  “We’re taking it slow.”
“That’s his name!” Steve insists. Honestly, this is getting to be a bit ridiculous.
“Nothing.  Forget I said anything.”
Captain America smiles and turns to face Fury.  “We’ll have the report on your desk tomorrow, Sir.”
Once outside the door to the mansion, he lays a hand on Steve’s arm, if only to extend the night a bit longer.
She keeps this thought firmly in mind as she grasps Tasha’s cheek and finally answers the woman’s question.  “Yes,” she says, as earnest as she knows how to be.
He’s never been so glad Iron Man hasn’t yet developed the technology to read minds. He takes a swig of his drink and tries to pretend that he hasn’t just spaced out in an incredibly inappropriate way.
“So?” Natasha queries.
, but he’s also
“Yup.  Congrats, Cap.  Looks like you’re off the hook.”
Tony is a scientist, and as such, he has always placed his faith in facts.  Facts aggregate to form specific systems of knowledge, and those knowledge systems make sense of the physical world.  Up until this point, all the facts at his disposal have suggested Steve views him solely as a friend – a close one, obviously, but one who has no desire for their relationship to turn into something more.  Now, though, he can’t be sure, and the paradigm under which he’s operated for so long comes crashing down around his ears.
“I think you need to leave now, Rogers.”
“Aah aah ah, shush,” Tony replies not listening to Steve in the slightest.  “Tell them it’s a rush, please.”  Just then, a thought crosses his mind, and he turns again to Steve.  “On second thought, we might have a bigger problem.  What make and model of laptop did they give you?”
“Sir?”
“Just checking – you’re really you right? No candid cameras, you’re not, for example, fucking Barton in a disguise, are you?” And good God, Tony starts
He can’t leave. The thumping of his heart in his ear – the gush of blood accompanying it drowns the cacophony of him making confetti out of the Helicarrier’s falling carcass. He screams as he labours in the sky, saving lives, one after another as he neutralises debris. He wishes so bad to
“Do you want to order anything else?”
. He fumes in silence as something murky crosses Tony’s visage, and he doesn’t care. It has to be said, and he’s saying it. “I’ll let you know when we need you.”
Tony rotates his tyre iron with enough force it zings as it cuts through the air, and he helps himself to
“Initiate.”
The face of one James Barnes, or so Steve said.
Resigned to his predestined, impromptu matchmaking, Tony leans forward as Milos freezes where he sits – perhaps he too doesn’t anticipate such forthcomingness from someone of Tony’s stature, in full view of Captain America no less. That is, until Steve stops Tony midway by a firm grip around his elbow.
“Oh God, I am so, so sorry – I’ll get the… the bandages and stuff from the… yeah.”
Rollins kicks Steve in the knees, forcing him to the ground. The newly conjured fireball stays in his palm, and disperses to hot air when the barrel of Rollins’ pistol digs into Steve’s temple. “It’s over, Mr Stark. One wrong move and Rogers get it.”
“Steve.
maybe you’re packing C4’s in your trunk, I’m not surprised. Maybe someone’s planning to blow up your house on national TV and I can’t
“You couldn’t have called?” Clint says instead, and hangs his head in disappointment.
Steve wishes for his friendship. And it’s what Tony is offering to the Avengers. No matter how much he tries to mask his sincere generosity with sarcasm and humour as dry as the vodka martinis he often has for nightcaps. Today, Tony’s gifting Clint a quiver of exploding arrows he’s been tinkering with the past week – nice to finally know what has stolen so much of Tony’s attention lately – and offers to run a demo at the gym. They make to leave, barstools scrapping against the tiled floor, and Steve’s butt stays glued to his seat. He’s only halfway through his cereal.
Tony doesn’t think even Steve can stand up to an Iron Man suit, and Steve has the super-soldier serum coursing his veins. Metal arms are cool, but for
Steve will wield the pleasure of the body, to subjugate his will.
“No, we’re not.” Round and round they go, just chasing tails. “You know what I mean. Anyway, can we – can we not do this now? We deserve a moment’s peace, huh?” That cup of jello sitting in Steve’s hospital food tray looks super fine. “Just you and me, kicking back and hanging out.”
To that, Tony crams the last bite of bread into his mouth, and says nothing.
Barnes falls to his knees, and he bows over Steve. Their noses are almost touching, and Tony stops swimming against the current. He raises a fist above the water surface, and squeezes out his last ounce of strength. Whatever he can get out of Extremis – a flaming cannonball, a firecracker, a cluster of hot steam – he wills into existence.
The fucking resumes, and Steve only realises how white his knuckles have become on his steering wheel. Yeah, no. He concedes. He
Steve smirks frozenly. “The twelfth of the Thirty-Six Strategems.”
“How much longer?”
A testimony to the perfection that is Stark Tech, the drawing app on the tablet is impeccable. There’s virtually no lagging between the touch of his finger pad on the glossy screen and the creation of a dot. Sketching is intuitive.
“JARVIS is. I’m sipping on a virtual Pina Colada in here.”
The whole world is wrong about Steve. There is nothing wholesome about America’s favourite son. All of this, the lewd little sounds lacing Steve’s breath, the way his fist is pumping in his pants – all his. All Tony’s.
wants this, and that’s enough to hurl Tony off that he rides his climax with his teeth sunk into his bottom lip, his body curled into Steve with the force. He’s making a mess between them and he doesn’t fucking care, and it dazzles when Steve goes on to jack himself to completion.
“Sir, a three-tonne support beam is breaking off from the hull. Trajectory projection indicates a straight dive into the National Mall. Civilians evacuation is still in progress.”
The gaping hole in his chest is closing. He’s lighting up again, his mouth wide open in a silent plea.
much depth in.
“… Why not?”
He pays them no heed and runs forward, bullets following him like flies to fire, and for
“There are too many uncertainties on the drawing board, Mr Stark.”
“I know of the atrocities the Soldier had done in the name of HYDRA. What he did to Howard and Maria. It kills me, too, Tony. So, God help us…” he chokes, and breathes in shakily.
“It’s interesting, watching you,” Tony starts, and he casually rests his arm on the back of the bench. “Not so long ago you were cool with SHIELD putting blinkers on you. Would do whetever they tell you to. They ask you to jump, you ask how high.”
“Special?” Ross barks, amused. Tony smirks, but dread quickly fills up the recesses of his skull when Ross dangles an unassuming remote control from the end of his finger. “We’ve seen the videos. We know what you can do. You have all been under surveillance from the moment you left the Potomac. Consider your next word and action
Steve has already taken the passenger seat by the time he returns to the car. One good glance at his grocery bags and Steve frowns. “No water? We’re down to our last two bottles.”
“I admit I’m many things, but I don’t make promises I can’t keep.”
In that case, wherever he is, there’s a good chance he’s hopelessly stranded. And he has no idea where in pluperfect hell he is.
“Yeah. No casualties.”
And then, Steve’s hand cups him gently by his jaw, and a thumb ghosts along the edge of his somewhat unkempt beard. “Come here,” Steve whispers, and Tony freely obeys. There’s teeth, lots of teeth – because they’re both grinning like idiots as their lips keep missing each other, but they just kept going. Tony runs his hand through Steve’s hair and finds it grainy, and the back of Steve’s neck is sticky with dried sweat. If he’s lucky. With Steve, “sticky” can mean anything from semen to alien blood.
boring, and nauseating, and dammit, he’ll bite. This must be hell. His version of hell. Figures.
, the one Steve is currently leaning against. If Tony wants his caffeine, he has to go through Steve. Literally.
“My weapons. My designs. My fault.”
He’s objectifying Steve again.
Steve looks up from the screen, and narrows his eyes at Tony’s foxy grin. “No, Tony.”
people will listen?”
“Workaholic.”
“It won’t.”
Then, he hangs up.
In the stillness, he collects himself, his
“… I’ve seen plenty of things in my experience,” he purrs, and slides a hand between Tony’s thighs, cupping at the mass there. “Oh. You have nothing to be embarrassed about.”
“How many arrows did you make him?”
And then, the holograph between them shrinks to thin air, replaced by Bambi’s head. She takes one long, hard look at Tony before breaking into the hugest grin. “Oh, Mr Stark! I thought Captain Rogers was mistaken! You
“By the way, is Steve gonna be in tomorrow?”
Steve’s voice is deep and hypnotising. Tony closes his eyes as the fingers slip past the waistband of his flimsy paper pants. Naughty, but they ease upward again and don’t trespass anymore. Steve drizzles more oil over the thighs, and he works on them. Up and down, up and down, and the oil burns as it did over his sides.
A door is being closed upstairs. And another.
“Nothing much I could do when a killer machine popped by my house, almost took my lungs out, stripped me naked and strapped me to a table and loaded me chockful of this gunk.” Tony yanks his shirt in place, and cradles his helmet in his lap again. “I thought that was it, Steve. All I cared about was uploading my tech into my suits, and dispersed them around the planet for good. So, when the time comes,
He leaves his window open a fraction, and sleep finally claims him.
“You can only imagine what it’s like being in this industry. Much worse has been… presumed of me. A common misunderstanding. I’ve learned not to take things too personally.”
Tony catches himself before he could yank Steve back by his wrist. “Hey, want to drop in for coffee?” He blinks intelligently. “
Drive?
It’s time to take the fight to HYDRA’s doorsteps.
“No.” Tony hikes his pants up and squats. He starts picking up dried leaves scattered around the grave. “Sounds like one of SHIELD’s super-secret programmes.”
“Yeah, well, you need to do better than that next time. Pick up your damn phone when we call, for instance.”
Ego be damned.
Someone is trying the door again, and the entire truck wobbles with their effort.
The buffering bar on his screen flashes green.
“– ticket, I know. And that’s good. Then, nobody can manipulate the truth and pull wool over the people’s eyes.”
! It’s been a long day, all right?”
“I don’t have much going on, but that’s only because I’m toeing the line. I’m sorry about Nick, and I understand that you’re upset. Angry.” Steve opens his mouth, ready to rebut but Tony quickly talks over him, “I’m saying, you and your men will want to hunt down that metal-armed hitman, sure, but
“They got Nick.”
Tony obviously heard the question, betrayed by the slight upward curve on his lips. He helpfully ignores it, and leaves Steve the honour of responding to Gary’s tactful query. Shall he answer that with that promised chokehold after all?
He sees the mouth moving, forming words he still can’t hear.
Apparently, SHIELD’s enthusiasm at meeting them tops even Pepper’s – and that’s a feat. They have a black SUV idling by the hangar to pick Steve up. Poor Tony has to drive his fluffy ass down to the Tower himself. Now companionless, he drives all forty-five minutes of it in silence. He finally pulls up at the vacated CEO parking spot – he’s not being a dick, if Pepper Potts is pointing at said spot and mouthing “park there!”, he obeys.
want those Helicarriers in the air.
stands before him?
“This is Tony Stark we’re talking about…” Steve mutters, eyes tracking the signage around the corner. He’s only one-hour drive away from Tony’s last-known location, that is, until Tony has the bright idea of driving in the
Pepper glances down at the piece of paper Tony has taken some time preparing over lunch. His chicken scratch-handwriting fills up a good portion of the first page, and nothing on the back. She folds it in half, and says, “You want us to stop selling these items to SHIELD?”
Fury’s office is located on the Main Tower some fifty floors up. The journey will take a while, and Tony has taken to swallowing saliva every other second to equalise the pressure in his ears. Seems troublesome.
Threatening people so they bow to his commands isn’t quite his MO, but there’s something about Tony that’s
“They’re pieces of Iron Man! I made it modular, so the suit latches on to you no matter what you’re doing at the time!”
Steve’s arms wrap around his form, his scruffy chin digging into the crook of Tony’s neck. “Thank God.”
Steve finds it odd having to glance back every so often to make sure Tony is keeping up with him. He realises how Tony is constantly lagging half a step, which is odd, because even on off-days – and Tony has as many as a non-enhanced superhero would – he has no problem keeping up with Captain America’s stride, with or without the suit. Take it from everybody who’s worked slash lived with Tony,
“The best accusation of things I – never am! God!”
? Open the door!”
“Don’t bother, they really answer to me.”
And Tony watches Steve curiously, his own shoulders suddenly tense at the sound of the name. Though Steve’s back is against him, he suspects Steve has him in his thoughts. For that alone, he thinks he can make peace with his decision – what
This is him calming down. He tugs his arm away from Steve’s consoling grasp, and wrenches his tyre iron from the heart of the monitor. He does not swing it again.
“Double nope. He’s been up waiting for you,” the last word emphasised to invoke guilt – and it’s working. “He found your note and freaked out. Went to your bedroom, made sure that all your stuff was still here. He called SHIELD, and they told him only Nat is on active duty. You were just
“This can sure come in handy,” he eventually concurs. A compliment from Captain America? That’s worth a couple of honorary medals at least. “What model of the suit is it again?”
The game has gone on for a while that Tony is probably so close to the edge he’s
Steve grabs hold of Tony by his knee and raises a leg. He’s
“Best guess? Triskelion.”
just be enough to bring the reign of HYDRA to an end. Maybe. “There’s no system I can’t hack into, Steve. I’ll take care of Insight and the ships’ launching. Jam it, scatter the signals. So many ways to keep those birds on the ground. But, you know that’s just a stopgap. ‘Cut off one head, two more shall take its place’. If it’s not Insight this time, they’ll just think of something else. We got to dismantle the organisation itself. And how are we gonna do that? SHIELD and HYDRA just don’t belong in the same breath, pretty sure your words and mine alone aren’t going to cut it.”
“… Bucky did this to you?”
Out of the corner of his eyes, Mark III and IV form rank and flank him mid-air. Boy, he’s never felt so much joy working with two of his most obsolete models. More are coming.
– and steadies the pendulum of a bag before him.
He’s gonna come.
as Steve stops and spits his cock out of a bruised mouth. Still holding his gaze, Tony loses himself in the blueness of Steve’s eyes as more clothes join the pool on the floor. Steve’s. Bare from the waist-down, Steve swipes excess saliva and precum coating the length of Tony’s cock and slaps them over his own. That can’t be too hygienic – Tony still has
Clint has started showering, his out-of-tune humming drowning their hissing spits. Steve steps back from the entryway. “We don’t have to do this.”
“… Unbelievable.”
“You’re holding the knife wrong,” Steve frowns at the way Tony deftly slay that poor piece of fruit. “Be careful – hey!”
“Secretary of World Security Council, Alexander Pierce, and Director of SHIELD, Nick Fury.”
Steve turns back to the TV screen, but the news anchor has moved on to Sports.
“That was just one time, and it was unintentional. You were skulking in a dark corner, and neither of us have super-sight.”
. Tony grapples for last of lights before he goes under.
“That’s uh…” Thoughtful. “I’m fine. Please, go on.”
There, that flinch. That sinking feeling and suspicion that Tony is about to give Nick hell for using his tech for Insight.
calls. Weird.
“… Aspirins don’t work on me.”
“God – Tony –”
“No. Turn around.”
Tony finds it first. He pulls at a hatch beside a desk and hops right in. Steve fetches his shield, leaps in after Tony and closes the door above their head, the shield a second barrier –
“The Helicarriers are taking off!”
“You’re saying we need governance?”
A heavy thud echoes in the distance and Tony sees the unmistakeable reflection of sunlight on vibranium steel on the tarmac. Where’s Steve?
He towels himself dry and almost walks out half-naked, when regret prickles at his consciousness and he puts on his old clothes. He almost…
When the back of Steve’s seat rattles rhythmically with Tony’s pounding, it takes every fibre of self-control to not ram the car into the curb. He can’t complain, can’t tell them to keep the fucking to themselves because the constant smacks and moans and slapping of balls on balls are killing him. He wants to give up the charade.
them. And they work, Steve, they
Sunlight floods the interior.
Until the next adventure, then! Cheerio!
“… Hello, Steve.” There, that tinge of hesitation there, and no follow ups after the full stop.
“Holographic camouflage.”
It’s the crack of dawn, and the sun splits the sky.
For a guy who just demolished a Bugatti sofa like it was made of foam, a plywood door is toothpick. Tony scoots towards the wall as much as he could, taking care to not detach his chest from the generator. It’s incessant, and the ruckus a death rattle in his skull. Here he is, trapped like a mouse, chained. His life should be flashing before him, anytime now.
“You make it sound like we’re married.”
He calmly packs his laptop into his bag, fully ignoring the intensity of four pair of eyes glued onto him. Then, he steps away from his corner, and makes a beeline for the
“What are you planning?”
He was careful about that palladium poisoning episode. Imagine if word gets out about the ailing then-CEO. Short sellers will be dumping their stocks like hot coal, driving down company’s worth, and forcing Pepper to either pump more money into the market to save it, or turn it over to some conniving assholes with the dough. And that’s probably the best-case-scenario. If word gets out that
“Is that sarcasm? I can’t tell.”
A grimy pickup truck eventually emerges from the horizon, and he patiently waits for it to rumble to a halt. The driver kills the engines. A door opens and gravels crunch under his bare foot. That’s dangerous, isn’t it – this
“I can’t
. Steve fishes out a remote from his pocket. What can it be indeed, this nefarious-looking black piece of plastic the size of a car beeper with a shiny red button on top?
“… Initiating voice calling with Mark 35. Please hold.”
“Yeah, I mean, it’s Captain America,” Steve hears the booming voice before the man himself strolls into the canteen. “Saying no must amount to treason!”
“If I take this?”
It was. Harking back to 1914, it was first built as a base for the US Army. By 1943, it was repurposed into a screening facility for candidates deemed suitable for Project Rebirth. It was as much of a home to the scientists and consulting physicians as it was to the soldiers. To Steve, it was where it all started. His beginning.
Tony hums and takes a particularly huge bite off his sandwich. It’s not difficult to read in between the lines, and pray tell why would clients mistake Steve for something else – sarcasm fully implied. Perhaps keeping his fucking hands to himself would help stay away the scandalous assumptions. And right on cue, Tony’s dick does a little stir, so he shoves the last of his sandwich into his mouth.
Tony loses all sense of time as he stirs awake for what must be the nth time. It’s familiar, flexing his fingers and toes and blinking rapidly to
“Guess we have all the incentives we need to keep the Helicarriers grounded, haven’t we?”
“… SHIELD.”
“It’s the
with the force of that punch.
“Don’t go down that road. It doesn’t lead us anywhere.”
? He would’ve remembered smooching Tony if they ever did, but he
The scowling helmet is accelerating for him. He stretches his arms and keeps his feet apart, welcoming the brace of metal on his body. The faceplate lifts and his grin widens, before gold titanium alloy wraps snugly around his head and the OS recalibrates itself to return control to its rightful owner.
“Tetrodotoxin B. Slows the pulse to one beat a minute. A… rather talented scientist developed it for stress. Didn’t work so great for him, but we found a use for it.”
His free hand gropes about Tony’s front, over the cotton shirt he wears to his sleep. It too carries a whiff of vodka and overnight sweat. It drives Steve insane, and he needs to… needs this heat in his core to dissipate. It’s hardly pleasurable though he’s harder than ever – Tony is back to pumping their shafts in long, measured strokes – and he needs to…
“I said, don’t baby me.”
The shape of the eye, the curve of his nose… the resemblance is
He dashes to Mark 30 and checks the connection – dead. Wireless transfer just got terminated, and the scowls on each Iron Man face appear more pronounced in the shadows. Is it an electric trip?
It’s the generic pitch when he approaches potential investors for money. He’s got a few to systematically rendezvous with on his appointment list. He’s got one tomorrow, actually. He’ll work his charm, make them believe in this as much as he does, and the game’s in the bag, yes?
It’s all Steve can do to herd Tony back into the safety of the Tower’s foyer, using his glorious super-soldier physique as a physical barrier between them and the clawing crowd. Vision phasing through the ceiling is most welcomed – at the nick of time – and he hovers six feet off the ground. He has a smile on, so warm it could melt the snow, and Steve blinks in amusement when the crowd starts
, or I’ll torch the front seat.”
Smooth.
And why is he not surprised to find Tony loitering by the reception counter at the grand foyer, flirting with the twenty-something red-head wearing a tight pencil skirt?
“That title makes a great addition to my company’s name card, under ‘Chief Scientific Officer’.”
Tony would’ve sympathised. Hiding from a near-ubiquitous outfit specialising in covert operations must be tough. Really, he would. “You don’t trust us enough to tell us.” He could relate. Up to thirty minutes ago, he was supposed to be lost to Davy Jones’ locker. What a relief not having a bullseye on the back of his skull for a change. Can’t kill him if he was already dead.
“The side you’re on is HYDRA! You know better!”
“Doesn’t explain how this gets onto CNN.”
“Get away from him!”
“What is real the last couple of week? SHIELD? HYDRA? Your powers?
Tony slides to the tarmac and rests against the rim of the front wheel. Charging up the helmet will take a while – half an hour, he guestimates – and with nothing else to do with his hands, he’s close to freaking out again. He glances up at the driver’s seat, checks if the coast is clear, and glances up again.
That’s the last one of a legion.
“I’m not.” Between wrestling Tony to the tarp and forcing him to sleep, and launching into another exhausting debate about personal care – or lack of – Steve sets himself a new task. “I’ll tell you what. I’ll make us a fire. It’s going to be freezing out here. You rest up.”
“That’s only an hour drive.” Tony sounds amused. “Aren’t you in DC?”
Tony replaces the knife and his apple on the side table. “What do you want me to say, huh? My condolences? That I’m sorry?”
The caption reads:
“Dude, a
“I don’t think savin’ his ass is what Steve’s planning to do, Bucky!” Clint shout-adds helpfully.
“When SI was still all about the weapons, I couldn’t get much past the board that didn’t involve big bangs,” Tony says. “But there has always been something about the Icarus story that really pisses me off, so I worked on wings in my spare time.  Turned all my work over to Rhodey and he took it from there.”
Steve had phoned ahead and talked to Mae and she’d agreed to lock the doors once they are inside. Any diner patron can leave, but no one else will get in until Tony and Steve are finished eating. Mae offered to do more, but Steve turned her down.
He’s not going to tell Steve that, though. He keeps it to himself like he keeps so much to himself these days. Instead he shoots Steve his most charming smile.
“It doesn’t?” Steve asks, like it might be a question.
“It’s not that,” Steve says.  “Or okay, it was a little bit that.  I like feeling financially secure.  But the bigger part of it is that I don’t know what else I’d do with myself.”
Tony laughs until he’s gasping for breath. “These are amazing,” he says. “I can do all of this and so much more.”
*** 2 Years Later***
“Very mature,” Steve muses. “And sure. Why not? We can make it an Avengers channel. Everyone can take a turn.”
“Lemmeeeegoooo,” Tony whines as he pretends to struggles against the pillow.
“We’re friends,” Tony repeats.  He’s known for a long time how much he likes Steve.  He’s always been a little unsure about how Steve feels about him.
“No,” Steve says, giving Clint a light shove. “I don’t share.”
That thing will probably be Clint Barton.
The pieces of the Tony puzzle snap into place. Panic Attack.  Steve’s had similar episodes since waking up from the ice.  He suffers through them alone.  That doesn’t mean Tony should have to.
“JARVIS, queue up Encounter at Farpoint,” Tony says instead, before turning to face Steve with a serious expression.  “I will give you that Dog Cops is not for everyone, but if you don’t like Star Trek, all hope is lost.”
“I want to,” Tony says. “He’s the best goalie in the league. No offense.”
“You don’t-- he’s not--” Tony starts.  “You aren’t
“That was nearly a year ago,” Tony says, drawing back so he can look Steve properly in the eyes.  “Why didn’t you say something?”
This is why Tony is going to hell.  This is why Tony hates himself nearly as much as he hates the Winter Soldier.  This is why Tony isn’t sure he hates the Winter Soldier at all.
“Except you don’t get hangovers, apparently,” Tony directs toward Natasha.
“Like I don’t know you drew those hearts,” Tony challenges.
“But you’re worried,” James observes.
Clint nods. “Did Nat bring in Stark’s good ones?”
“Forever sounds good.”
Rhodey laughs. Pepper leans in to give Tony a side hug. “We would never do anything to hurt you,” she says.
. You know what that means?”
“Would a selfie with me count?” Tony asks.
Finally James is stable enough for Bruce and Sam to step away to change into clean shirts, stamped with SI across the chest, and to use the sink and the soap to wash up. Bruce figures he’ll be smelling blood for days.
“Rhodey’s crap on ice,” Tony says simply. “Jenny’s got potential though. Sounds like I’ll be back on the team in a few days, but I’d already decided if I was out for the rest of the season I was going to see about coaching her team. Don’t know if anyone wants to let me around kids but I think she’d have liked it.”
"I know a little something about rebirth," Steve says, a sad smile at his own bad joke. "Whoever you are now doesn't deserve any of what HYDRA did to you, and any friend of Bruce and Clint’s could be a friend of mine. You know that, don't you?"
Now it’s Tony’s turn to roll his eyes.  “Yes, you’re taller.  Howard never got around to spiking my Frosted Flakes with Super Soldier Serum.  It was a huge oversight on his part.”
“Good.”
The look the guard gives him is almost comical in its mix of pity and contempt.
“Dude, you’re smiling again,” Rhodey teases, as he comes to sit by Tony. “What’s up with that? You only smile like this when you’re--” Rhodey drops his voice “getting laid. And I thought we talked about you working on
hurt him.  Tony just hates this kind of confrontation.  Usually it means an end to a friendship.  Tony’s been through lots of endings.  But usually he sees them coming.
“I’m not going to say something hurts like a bitch,” Steve shoots back.
“I’m hanging up now,” Bruce says, chuckling at Clint’s observations. “Do me a favor: keep where I am and who I’m with under wraps until we can talk about it all of us together.”
Tony looks up at the ceiling.  Does the math. Two years is nothing.  Hell, it’s been 6 years since he’s seen Yinsen as impossible as that seems.  Two dozen years since...
“You’re important to us,” Pepper insists.
“He’s sticking close,” Bruce says.
Steve nods and walks over to sit on the rolling chair nearest Tony’s workbench.
“He’s taking them to school,” Bruce says, once Tony turns back around to write a few more calculations on the board. “Ten years ahead of our time is still twenty years behind Tony...”
They stand and Steve carries the box of shards with him as they walk toward the entrance of the penthouse to wait.  The silence is much less awkward now than it’s been in weeks.  Probably because it’s no longer full of things that need to be said.
Steve, who was tying himself in knots over a thousand things out of his control.
“In a healthy relationship, both partners experience an equal sense of worth, value and contribution.  How does this look in our relationship?”
“Wait,” Steve says.  “You’re telling me we’re in Brooklyn.  At lunchtime.  And you want us to eat salad?”
“They’re two sizes too tight, and they say Property of Tony Stark on the ass,” Steve reminds him. “Not exactly work appropriate.”
Steve looks up.  “Seriously?”
“You are Iron Man, Mr. Stark,” Mae says seriously. “Don’t you ever doubt that. Steve sure doesn’t.”
“It won’t take Tony long to get back to me.  It never does.”
“Good talk,” Steve says to himself.  “Nice to see you, too.”
“Whatever you’re comfortable with,” Steve says. “I’m not ashamed of you, but I’m not going to put us out there if you’d rather me not. It can be all about me. I don’t mind.”
“You want to take it for a drive?” Tony asks.
“Can I buy you a coffee downstairs before I see you out?” she asks.
Bucky Barnes is alive. Bucky Barnes is the Winter Soldier. The Winter Soldier killed mom and dad. The Winter Soldier... went down in the helicarrier? Is assumed dead? Steve said is not dead?
“It’s not like tonight could get any worse,” Tony says.
Tony pauses. It takes a few seconds for all that to sink in. Tony’s eyes give away his surprise.
Natasha looks contemplative.  “You might be onto something there.”
“Fuuuuuuck,” Tony complains.
Bruce is right there with them.
“Won’t stay down,” the soldier replies. He sounds weary in a way Bruce understands. Life on the run is a bitch. Doubly so, if you’re sick or injured.
“That was yesterday,” Steve admits. “I had a good night last night though. It helped.”
“What about you?” Natasha asked.  “Ever miss your old place?”
She slides the forms he’s signed into a folder and lays it off to the side.
“It’s not the pain,” James says.
For a man Bruce has never met, Sam proves himself quickly. Bruce doesn’t miss the obvious military training and most days that would set him on edge. In the middle of a crisis, Sam’s discipline is appreciated. The work on James is too much for one person. Clamps are needed, and suction. A scope. Pliers. Some industrial wire cutters. Bruce can’t imagine trying to make this happen on any other plane in the world. Tony, bless his mechanic’s heart, has enough random tools on the Quinjet they could open an Auto Supply store and it looks like they’re going to need every last one of them.
“For a kid,” Clint rags.
Steve turns to look at Tony.
“Fuck you, man,” Sean growls.
It’s a different kind of catching up on the world.  Steve looks forward to it every time.
“Fine,” Tony sighs.  “I’m not sure if I’m more irritated someone wants me dead or that this has turned into the ultimate cockblock situation, but whatever.  Let’s find this fucker so we can get on with our lives.”
“You’re right,” Tony says.  “Because she was too good for me from the start.  And when she couldn’t figure that out on her own, I did the one thing I knew would hurt her badly enough that she’d get a clue.  I’m fucked up.  I don’t work right.”
“It’s not because SHIELD asked you to keep an eye on him?” Tony asks.
“Did Ten Rings burn it off or something?  Inquiring minds want to know, Stark!”
“Be quick about it,” James says.
It turns out, the tough love approach isn’t a bad thing.  Some of what they talk about is difficult to hear, and some of it is downright painful, but as the weeks go on they’re better off for it.
“I have a crush on you,” Steve says.  “I have for a while now.”
Friends.  The novelty still hasn’t worn off.
Maybe Howard had gotten his head in the wrong place and ended up valuing collectables more than he valued time with Tony; Steve won’t make that same mistake.
“These server towers are all self-contained,” Bucky says.  He sends new info to Tony’s screen.  “Even if one of us could get inside it’d take at least an hour to copy them all.  Depending on accessibility, maybe even longer.”
“Fourteen-year-old-me would have been so into that,” Tony says.
“It doesn’t matter,” Tony says.  “Yes, I might know more about art than I let on.  Enough to contribute to a conversation.  But I’d just be embarrassing myself.  My legacy.  So I leave it to my friends.”
Tony grabs Steve by the arm and tugs him into the nearest store, and without asking for permission reaches over to flip the open sign on the window to closed.  There are only a couple of people inside, thankfully.  If nothing else it’s quiet.
It’d been a thirty minute ride through traffic.
Tony makes a helpless sort of huff. Steve can see he’s trying, so he waits it out. Stays quiet.
“Hello, Tony,” Tony mimics.
Steve ran until he was out of breath, and then walked the rest of the way to get himself back to his apartment. He showered and had just dressed and stepped out when he heard the front door. Two sets of footsteps.
“You think I’m going to create an Artificial Intelligence that can go behind my back to break laws without me? Give me a little credit. Anytime Jarvis does something outside of his ordinary protocols I have a subroutine that sends me a notification. Accessing Hammer’s servers was pretty far out of the ordinary.”
“Maybe no one ever asked you about your pain,” Bruce says. “Or asked about your body apart from malfunctions. Other people's disregard for your comfort doesn’t invalidate that your body is your own.”
They greet Steve politely.  The glances they keep giving each other as Steve hugs Pepper seem ominous.
“He’s a keeper,” Tony declares. “Aren’t I always saying not enough people are willing to harass you, Banner?”
He leans against the kitchen counter to text Tony ‘thank you.’  He doesn’t type any more than that just yet because Tony’s generosity-- his attention to all these small things-- is overwhelming to Bruce.  No one, for years, has cared so much.
“The computer can look,” James says.  He gets up and walks inside, a clear indicator that he's lost interest in the conversation.
Bucky Barnes. There’s no one for him to meet.”
With that settled, they talk about other, more cheerful, things.  Artificial Intelligence mostly, since Steve has a lot of questions.
“There’s a time and a place for frugality; a first date isn’t one of them. I’m trying to woo you, here, so order what you want. Order everything.”
That’s where Clint finds him ten minutes later.
He sounds confident but he looks unsure.  Tony gives his hand a tight squeeze and Steve looks down at him gratefully.  This is definitely a story Bruce wants to hear.  Later.
“Because we’re both supposed to feel safe here? I should have asked you if Clint was going to make you feel uncomfortable. I’m sorry I didn’t.”
Tony stands and offers Steve his hand to pull him to his feet.  He leans in and kisses Steve sweetly on his lips and when he pulls away it’s only a few inches.
His skepticism makes Bruce laugh. “I’m sure my degree in Nuclear Physics is valid. I’m not nearly as sure I’m qualified to be looking at scans and assessing your health. Thankfully, Tony has an AI that can help me, with your permission. Tony also suggested we get a scan of your arm so we can tell if there’s anything concerning in there. Things like a tracker, or a self-destruct button they could detonate remotely if they ever figure out you’re alive. But that is entirely up to you.”
“It’s not as big of a deal as it sounds,” Clint consoles.  “I’ve tried to kill her; Bruce has tried to kill her. We’ve all pretty much tried to kill each other once or twice. It’s practically an initiation into the Avengers at this point.”
Except Tony’s not with Bruce, he’s right here, right now.  Waiting.
“Excuse me?” Sean asks.
Bruce smiles. He’s done right by James, so thank god for small favors. “No,” Bruce says. “Not now I don’t. So that’s it? You’re okay with all this?”
Steve just stares at him. His mouth opens and closes a few times. “What?”
“I think that’s enough,” Steve says abruptly, interrupting Sean as he starts in again with some new lurid detail.
It figures, really. The Starks are a Hockey Dynasty. And the Stark family owns everything from a skate factory all the way up to a professional hockey team, and a piece of the pie everywhere in between. Plus they’d had money even before hockey was in the picture. That’s why they have a fancy skyscraper named after them in downtown Manhattan.
“Do not shoot,” Hammer spits into the mic.
This AMAZING art was created by
“Tell me anyway,” Tony insists.
“Then thanks, definitely,” Steve amends. “I saw you were suspended, too. Didn’t expect anyone else from the league to be here tonight. And then I thought maybe you were avoiding me.”
If you have ideas of things to add to the points list, leave them in the comments!
Once they have James in a bed, Clint stays with him. He needs the rest and he won’t be any help moving things from the quinjet into the house with his arm in a sling. Sam and Natasha come as close as the doorway of James’s room but never any closer. Even though the soldier is asleep, they respect his wishes. It’s one of a dozen reasons why Bruce finds himself grateful for their help.
When the talk is over (and thank God it is over because Steve’s ass had gone numb about thirty minutes back) Tony practically bounces down the steps to meet the guy. Bruce hangs back, and Steve stands with him.
“Not on purpose,” Clint says.
Pepper is Not Impressed with the KICK ME post-it note, but Tony really has no one else to tag.  He’d have to be a giant asshole to pick on anyone else, because any other employee would feel like they needed to suffer his shit with a smile.  That’s never going to be an issue with Pep.  She gives as good as she gets, and when a scientist down in the lab nervously points out to Tony that he’s got a post-it note on his own back that reads DOES NOT PLAY WELL WITH OTHERS, Tony leaves it there all afternoon.
The video goes to black as Dum-E tries to mimic the peace sign action and the camera drops one last time.
“If Stark knows you’re running around with the Winter Soldier he’s probably halfway over the Atlantic right now. It won’t be pretty.”
As an artist, he’s struck by the image of Howard standing at a desk, hands splayed wide over rocket designs, in full science mode.  And there across from him, a dark-haired child, no taller than the desk, trying to get his attention.  In Steve’s mind’s eye, Howard can’t see Tony over all the Captain America memorabilia stacked between them.  It’d make for a gorgeous painting, but a lonely childhood.
The screens around Tony fill with images, that he realizes immediately are scans of Barnes.  The metal arm and shoulder are kind of a dead give away.  Emphasis on
“If you and James understand this stuff, maybe you should practice scanning on me first,” Clint offers. “It doesn’t look too likely to bake me or blow me up.”
Bruce lifts his too and they clink them together.
“Like a drinking game but with more tongue?” Steve asks.
“Well, shit. Then it’s exactly how it looks," Clint admits. "But, I’m not aiming an arrow at you or anything.”
“I’m not mad at you,” Steve says.  “At all.  I’m not even upset.  I just don’t want to continue a conversation that I think is making you doubt why I want to be here because I’m bad at words.  Dr. Gerber might have some ideas.  We can figure this out together.”
“Ugh, nerd squad,
He kisses Tony everywhere he can reach.  His neck, his arms, his chest, his stomach.  He lets his fingers ghost over Tony’s skin.  He can feel what this is doing to Tony, and Steve’s body is definitely mirroring that.  He doesn’t want to rush, though.
In here I leave poems,
So of course, Howard ruins it.
“Protect Natasha. I’ve got this,” Steve replies.
“How are you going to know if someone switches out their egg?” Clint asks.  “You’ve got some master pickpockets in here.”
Reading about himself is mistake. He thought he could handle this one. Sam had texted and said it wasn’t that bad. He was wrong.
Tony doesn’t say anything which means Steve has to physically turn to look at him, just to confirm that it’s Tony.  It is.  And Stark’s looking a lot like he wishes he hadn’t bothered making the trip back up the elevator.
Tony glances at the edge of the roof.  If he calls for the suit
Only back then, Bucky was there to pour some water down his throat or to remind him he needed to eat dinner, and oh yeah-- duck punk, they’re shooting at you! That last line was usually delivered with a slap to the back of the head.
He’d been eating mostly BannerBars ever since, and that night he’d sworn off the spy game.
“You are in so much trouble,” she begins.
His open admiration seems to catch Tony’s attention.
“If I’d known you were going to be this impressed by my old essays, I’d have dug some up sooner.  If I tell you I won a prize for my translation of parts of The Divine Comedy, would that turn an after-dinner walk into ice cream?”
Rehab is Tony’s idea.  He tells Steve that’s where he wants to go, once he emerges from his bedroom, dressed in a pair of dark blue pajama bottoms and a Stark Industries t shirt.  Pepper hadn’t touched Tony’s clothes.  Everything he owns is right where it belongs.
“And that's not me?” Tony asks.
“Accessing now.”
“Don’t think any of the rest of us could afford 100 shots big guy,” Bucky says, giving Tony a playful pat on the arm. “Tonight it’s all on you.”
Steve’s so choked up he can only get out one word.
With the decision made to stick around, something changes in him. Bruce watches the man’s posture relax a little as he leans back against the wall of the barn.
Steve reaches up to rub at the back of his neck, which is now aching from the strain of trying to wrap his brain around all this.
Bruce laughs. “Yes. Yes, you do. Give me a second to grab the supplies and then I’ll get you set up.”
Logically, Tony’s known for hours this was going to happen.  The reality of the risk hadn’t hit him with full force until now though.  Until there was no going back.  His chest tightens and it’s a little harder to breathe.  Steve puts his hand on Tony’s knee and squeezes.
“If you want me there, I’ll be there,” Steve says. “And with your permission everything I own will be there too. Every ugly armchair. Every thrifted quilt. All my old records. You sure you want that?”
Still, for the most part, Tony is calm.  The taco-death-ride to Nanna’s had been far, far worse.
Bruce sees James tense from the corner of his eye and adds “We’re not going to use the scanner until you’re ready, James. And before that happens we’ll do a scan on me first so you can see how it works. If you don’t like the looks of it we’ll figure something else out.”
“Why are you smiling like that?” Rhodey asks. “I’m feeling suspicious already.” Rhodey glances around like some kind of secret agent.
Tony doesn’t have the benefit of super hearing so he’s got no clue what was going on in there.  Yeah, he could’ve asked J, but now that he and Steve are kind of a thing it makes being a creeper seem a lot more wrong than before, so he’s just got to pace around and wait it out.
“And we’ll take him off the list,” Bucky adds.  He reaches for a pen so he can draw a line through Bruce’s point value.  “Now that we know his name it seems like kind of a dick move.”
“Can I be of some assistance, Doctor Banner?” JARVIS’s voice speaks at high volume through the phone in Bruce’s pocket. Bruce digs it out while Clint uses his good hand to pull a knife from his boot.
“He’s a looker,” Steve says with a shrug. “And he was nice to me. It doesn’t take a lot more than that these days.”
“JARVIS, put it on.  Have the pizza delivered to the workshop and Dummy can bring it up.”
There’s no hesitation there. No struggle for the words.
That’s not actually what Steve had come to ask.  He’d wanted to ask for some time alone with his stuff and that was all, but Tony’s attitude has him feeling honest.  It reminds him of long-lost friends, and how they took no shit from anyone, and it gives him strength.  And, more importantly, thinking of Bucky, Howard and Peggy gives him patience, because Lord knows they had infinite patience with him.
“I owe you,” Tony says.
Tony leans against the car and let’s his forehead drop so his face is hidden.
“How the hell would I know?” James complains.
“And title of your sex tape,” Clint says, which gets him an eye roll from Tony.
Tony nods. “Bruce is smart. Listen to Bruce.”
Both parties shall comply with Stark Industries discrimination, harassment and behavioral workplace policies, which they both acknowledge having read and understood.
“Could use some friends inside Stark Industries right now,” Pepper cuts him off.  “If you want to do him a favor, sign.”
(See the end of the chapter for
They do eventually move to a bedroom. And when hunger drives them to order pizza, Tony gets all the way to the front door to pay for it, and all the way back to the kitchen, before they’re touching again. This time it’s Tony playfully bumping Steve as he walks past him.
“Some of us don’t get to set our own hours,” Steve says.  “I thought you’d be in Malibu by now.”
Tony closes his eyes.  There’s too much light and noise to get it right unless he cuts himself off from the outside world.
Steve laughs, and it’s a nice sound.  “Delinquents.  God, I haven’t been called that in ages.”
It took me a year
Steve looks up so the man can get a better look at his face.  “I go by Steve when I’m not in uniform.”
Tony’s not sure why Steve’s conceding. Tony’s really not sure about anything that has to do with Steve anymore.
“He walked away, Steve,” Bruce says after a pause.
“Getting more creeped out by the second here,” Tony complains as he listens to Steve chew.
“Or you and Steve can go sit on the back porch and talk,” Bucky says, without looking up.  “That’s probably a thing that should happen.”
He dabs at the stain with his tie and then looks up at Tony again, finally recognizing the man behind him and practically jumps out of his chair.
You can also find me on Tumblr @
As much as he isn’t sure how he feels about James Barnes he absolutely does not want the man dead. Not after everything he’s suffered already.  The universe can
It takes a full week of sleeping together before Tony agrees to let Steve call the points. They’ve just woken up in Tony’s bed, and he’s warm and he’s happy, and it’s about damn time to share that joy with their friends.
Clint sighs and looks to James, who gives half a shrug as if asking ‘what the hell does this have to do with me?’
Steve grabs his phone from the nightstand and they tilt in close, their bare shoulders just visible at the bottom of the frame, as Steve snaps the selfie. Both of them have mussed up hair, and sleepy smiles, and there is no mistaking the content and relaxed way they lean into each others' touch.
as it is,” Sam says.
“I was putting together weapons while most kids my age were still playing with baby rattles,” Tony affirms. “I won’t shoot anyone I don’t intend to shoot.”
The raw eggs show up at breakfast the next morning.  Seven of them, laid out carefully, with glitter and glue and feathers and markers.
“Thank fuck you went to Steve’s last night,” Bucky says over the speaker of the burner phone. “We’ve got security alerts set up on your name and someone put out a hit on you around 1 AM.”
Bruce nods and heads out to the living room.  Steve’s sitting on the couch, flipping through a Time Magazine from the late 90s.
Steve pulls out a paintball shield that Tony has stealthily painted to look like an arc reactor and snuck into Steve’s stash.  Steve’s got guns, too.  So many guns.
“Suck it up, buttercup,” she mutters to herself.
“There are worse things in life than dating a winner,” Steve shrugs.
“Can’t keep Tony away from bad women,” Pepper rants.  “Can’t keep him away from bad men.  Can’t get him to make them sign the damn non-disclosure ‘greements.”
Tony leans in to kiss Steve, like he’s trying to prove a point.  And yeah-- no hesitance there.  Just want and need and relief and desire.  All things that aren’t going to cause a problem.
Giving Bruce his own text tone was a stroke of genius since Bruce is the one and only person Tony cares to text with at the moment.  Bruce’s cheerful ping differentiates him from all the annoying gongs of work and duty and life outside the tower.  Usually when a text comes through from Bruce Tony’s on it like lightning, but this time he’s distracted.  He’s... well... for lack of a better word... he’s spying.  On Steve.
When it gets close to eleven, Clint begins to pack up his things.
“He’s alive and stable,” Bruce says. “The worst of it is that we had to cut a lot of the wires between his nervous system and his arm. It won’t work when he wakes up.”
“There’s no rush,” Steve says. “While you’re in here, focus on being in here. When you’re ready to come home, Clint’s not going to know what hit him.”
Steve hopes his smile says everything he’s thinking because he’s too choked up to speak for a second. Instead he just grabs Tony and pulls him close and hugs him tight.
Tony sniffs a few more times then reaches up to dry his eyes with the cuff of his sleeves.  He grimaces at the blood that wipes away along with the tears.  “Science is my thing.  You can’t steal my thing and then use it against me.  That’s un-American.”
Fingers crossed!
“It will be a few weeks before they’ll let me have visitors,” Tony says quietly.  His voice is muffled into Steve’s shoulder.  “Jarvis will know the rules.  If you still want to see me.”
“Fine.  I know a little about art.  I liked that stupid painting with the stupid people eating their stupid potatoes.  I wrote the essay.  It won an award, did the professor tell you that?” Tony asks.  “And you know what my dad said when I invited him to the awards dinner?  That the ten minutes it took me to write that paper was time I was never going to get back.  That he’d be embarrassed to show up.  That art’s a waste, and I wasn’t going to get anywhere in life if I didn’t focus on what was important.  He wouldn’t even read it.”
“What d’you got to be sorry about?” James asks.
Bruce is torn between asking questions to dig deeper into this and backing off because he doesn’t want to introduce thoughts into James’s head that aren’t already there. It turns out, this time, James continues all on his own.
“But I wouldn’t,” Nanna chimes in.  “If they’ve got employees, someone has to come around to clean the toilets”
“Do what you always do, cover my tracks. Don’t let them have a whiff of my badass trespassing. I won’t be long here.” His screen divides into five separate windows, each reporting different aspects of Insight. “Finance, admin, R&D. Everything’s so neatly bundled. Who are these people? Taxidermists?”
“No. Did you?”
He can only meekly tense his muscles where the syringe pierces the underside of his forearm. He might just break the needle.
Thirty seconds, only thirty seconds – that’s not even enough time to go back to the car. Where are they going to run to?
is reduced to ash. He vaguely wonders if Fury’s killer is still in there somewhere, and if he would survive the wrath of a battalion of Iron Man suits.
He doesn’t know what sort of sounds he’s making. There’s tremendous pressure in his chest, and his vocal cord is raw. He smells something charring and coppery around him, and there’s no stopping. His very flesh boils. The table creaks when his back arches, splinters burning immediately into coal.
“I swear, if you get in my way, I’ll run through you.” He presses into Steve, his body melding with Steve’s form. The complement is faultless, and his arousal rises to the occasion. His forbidden desires are intoxicating, and Steve must have known it, too. His breathing quickens as he backs into the closet, but Tony is relentless. He keeps Steve prisoned. “I will, Steve.”
“I’ve studied the blueprints, Tony.” She turns on the tablet and magnifies the holograph big enough that Steve’s old notes on the periphery are legible. “There are no red flags. It’s an integrated visual and audio monitoring system with enhanced target or threat detection and identification –”
“Are you asking?”
It’s not like Steve is keeping scores, but that’s one more favour he did for Tony, putting in some good words so Fury doesn’t kick him off the Avengers roster permanently. Even as the meeting proceeds, Steve sits through it semi-distracted, wondering if Tony will join them. He doesn’t, just to be clear, but Fury doesn’t question his absence, so Steve is more than happy to play along. When Steve finally excuses himself, now toting a non-descript package the size of a soap bar, the first question on his mind was where in pluperfect hell is Tony Stark.
“OK, we’ll see what we can do.”
“We’re heading there. You’re all geared up. Another assignment?”
“I’m expecting you to engage with the Mandarin in Kuwait, and I propose this suit to be most expedient for the cause.”
“We’re here to offer our assistance in fixing those radars,” Steve speaks up, peering at Tony icily before stepping into Fury’s office. “Earth is open to interplanetary threats while security is down. The skies have been quiet for a while, but it’s a chance we should not have to take.”
“Fucking hell!” The door slams so hard in their face it bounces and doesn’t close fully. “Definitely not Rogers. Let’s go!” Steve didn’t even get to see a face. No matter. Their hurried footsteps
“I thought I heard something.”
“… And then, he got better.”
“That guy back there? He’s an escort. Haven’t done him before, so I don’t know if he’s any good for sure.” Steve’s ears burn with the details, and he’s
– has been bidding their time. They’ll want to strike when fear has seeped deep enough into the community. And with fear, comes acceptance and gratitude when a saviour shows up at the nick of time. HYDRA means to play that role. Be the planet’s knight in a shining armour.
“Lady –”
A stainless-steel mug appears on his table, and Steve looks up. Maria gestures at the untaken seat across him, and he nods at it. “I’ll feel much better once we retake SHIELD, expose HYDRA to the world and remove Pierce from control.”
“… That sounds like him.”
“Yeah,” he replies quickly at Steve’s prompting eyebrows. “I can use a shower myself.”
The arm not clutching his helmet is wrapped around his stomach. “Yeah,” he wheezes, “I was wondering about that.”
“Exactly
“No, I do not,” Fury replies himself, and brandishes a frighteningly thick ring folder from inside his trench coat. There’s a fourth dimension in there, Steve suspects. “Captain Rogers, a word please. I’ve a message from the WSC.”
The monitor to their right, by far the largest in the room, projects a ghastly digital semblance of a man’s face. Two eyes, a nose… is all Tony can make sense of. It speaks with an accent, one Steve seems familiar with, his lips already pressing to a thin line. “Rogers, Steve. Born 1918. Anthony, Stark. Born 1970.”
“Fair enough. I need you to take a chest X-ray for me.”
“Either way, I’m calling bullshit on all of them. You say you owe this to me. So, say it. Tell me why you’re leaving.”
One down, two to go. The next item on his list?
“… Hey.”
“What do we do about the firewalls, Sir?”
He pulls his phone out, and slides to the floor –
“Jesus Christ.”
“Put your hoodie up. Act chill. Stop panicking!”
He chooses to serve the country the way he knows best. He follows orders.
And then, and then, and then, he screws up bigtime at the next pitch, by virtue of
Steve heeds his call, but he doesn’t
“I’ll get Tony to come.”
“SHIELD uses them on their jets and cars. Cleaner energy. Efficient.”
“JARVIS?” His voice is like fingernails on a blackboard. Weakly, he kicks out with his left leg, but his suit won’t give. It’s not interfaced with his body. So, it’s dead. Why is it dead? “J, please. You here? Let me out! God –”
“Sir, there is something you might want to see.”
Stark, Stark, Stark.
Tony gets up from his chair so quickly he almost upsets it. “Mark 17? ‘Heartbreaker’. Artillery Level RT Suit
crossed a line. Almost hurt Steve in ways he would never forgive himself. It’s the urge to apologise that nudges him to push that door and walk out into their shared quarter – only, Steve is long gone.
than fine. Stark Industries is yours to run as you see fit. I’m very happy where I am now.”
“And you checked because you needed to fill up paperwork to bill my company.”
“Not having headaches and cold for the rest of my life? I can get behind that, believe
“It’s fine, not a problem. Look, it’s probably only four thirty or something, wake me up in a couple of hours. We can have dinner, catch up. It’s not nice to leave my guest alone at night, is it? Maybe we can arrange a slot or two for your first scientific seminar at the Expo about energy conservation, OK?”
“And your company pays your one-week stay here a month in advance, with spa packages. You have a generous employer.”
– and chirps. Tony will recognise that high-pitched, pathetic whining anywhere.
in the backseat. He sees Tony bearing most of Milos’ weight, angling Milos in a way that looks accommodating. All of that and Tony is
“What do you expect me to do with it, J?”
“Mr Stark! A word please!”
“Mr Stark, I did not expect to see you today.”
“Homophobia has no place in this century, Steve. I thought you’d watched enough news to know that by now –”
“Really?”
That night, Tony requests for an emergency leave from Avengers duty, citing “Board members being childish” as the reason. A request he channels through JARVIS and the Avengers secured intranet. Not face to face, no. It’s formal, it’s
That’s it?
about him – what becomes of the living legend, invincible, ruggedly handsome Anthony Edward Stark?
“Miss me?” And Tony launches the half-melted pistol at his head. A wan smirk graces his lips when the assassin
Barely able to roll out of harm’s way, Tony lands ungracefully against the TV set with a thud, the back of his couch
“You’re not dead, Tony,” Steve laughs with relief. “Just lie down. Rest up.”
her. Steve never needed to grieve his old friend. Tony probably did half his lifetime.
“… Is this punishment for uh, something I did that I can’t recall at the moment?”
body bags to the morgue tonight.
order. And you weren’t informed about it.” Steve huffs indignantly, and applies toothpaste on a spare new toothbrush he finds in the cabinet above. “Sounds like you’ve been had.”
Tony does not comment, but asks to exit the highway and do a pitstop at a gas station. They find one quickly around a junction.
“No more weapons,” Pepper agrees, and she tucks a stray strand of strawberry blonde hair behind her ear. “How are you really, Tony?”
“This.” Tony points at a headpiece clipped to his forehead. It has a ocular lens hanging over his left eye, hooked to a metal band that wraps around his brows like a high-tech crown. “I call it the Binarily Augmented Retro Framing, otherwise known as BARF. In my defence, I was too busy debugging it, so I didn’t put in enough effort into uh, naming it.”
“Doesn’t add up,” Tony wonders aloud, and glances at the sidemirror in case another bomb comes their way.
It stops.
Tony starts swimming. It’s one broad stroke of his arm after another, relentless, towards where Steve was last caught on JARVIS’ radar.
Tony’s arm
“That’s
“You’re
Tony kicks down the door and commandeers the atrocity that is Pentium Four sitting on the counter and sends out his Bat signal equivalent. He’s knocking his forehead against the doorframe as every second trickles away, when he hears the tell-tale
“We have to stop them.”
“Listen, I have a crawler I want to let go. I can use it to index SHIELD’s databases, even make copies of them for our own perusal later. I don’t mean to brag, but I’ve the best optimised crawling strategy and architecture for a hit-and-run. I uh,” he flips the ID hanging from his lanyard and squints, “the lady’s ID says she’s in Accounting, Jesus Christ. You don’t think accountants do database indexing and archiving, do they?”
A muscle in Steve’s cheek twitch. Bingo?
“Oh, the meeting is over? Goodness. I was thinking of inviting Audrey here for tea –”
, crossed out haphazardly with thick paint. A newspaper article shows up next, bearing the headline “Howard and Maria Stark Die in Car Accident –” dated December 17, 1991.
Who cares if these are meant for drag racing? God bless whoever is getting their hands on his handiwork, for the Angel of Everything Mechanics is smiling down on them.
A most dangerous adversary.
“Messier than what’s going on currently, you mean?”
Steve’s fist clenches about the corner of his blanket. “Where is he?”
“Fuckin’
“– World Security Council. I know the name. Don’t know him personally.” Tony winces again, and Steve pretends the spider web up the ceiling is rather interesting. “Go on. What about this Veech guy?”
Steve bites down on his own lips when Tony’s
idea how good it is to hear from you again.”
“Your invention.”
his home. Where else would he rather be?
“I’m asking.”
Tony fists the back of Steve’s collar, perhaps a tad too sloppily as he tries to gain a foothold. And with immaculate precision and strength, he suddenly jerks Steve bodily to the left – then rides the momentum to pin Steve fully to the ground. He sits firmly about Steve’s stomach, and presses his calves into Steve’s flanks.
“It’s him. On my life, Maria, it’s really him.”
Steve reaches around his neck and undoes his dog tags. His few mementos from the bygone. His anchor to the living and dead. A reminder of why he’s still fighting, seventy years after the War, and what hope feels like.
Tony frisks himself and turns his pockets inside out, and his chin goes slack.
“Right back at you, cowboy. I heard you yodelling last Thursday.”
“I’m talking to you.”
this!”
“You and your gang have been hiding out here since?”
A drawer slams shut from the kitchen. Heavy footsteps begin to prowl the floors, and Tony swallows thickly. His heart flutters in his throat. It’s as if the intruder has no more regards for inconspicuousness. In the stark stillness, every step echoes. A distinct mark of threat, and challenge.
“He doesn’t know.  Not about that.”
Hearing his name must trigger something in Steve, because his head lifts sharply.  Steve’s normally calm blue eyes are wide and panicked, and Tony absolutely hates the desperation he sees there.  He needs to make that go away.
, since his first lab-confrontation with Rogers, and neither have them have accomplished anything.  He’s still trying to hammer out the fine points of portable cold fusion devices and Rogers is – good Lord, the man is doing burpees.  Apparently, Steve Rogers hasn’t gotten the memo that those things are Satan’s hiccups, because he’s jumping around the hallway like that level of physical activity is remotely enjoyable.  The man is seriously disturbed.
JARVIS is silent for a disturbingly long time, leaving only the faint hum of the machines for Steve to focus on.  He’s just about to tell JARVIS to forget the whole thing, when the AI starts speaking in a soft, measured tone.
Tasha saves her the trouble when another text pops in.
is the first solid piece of information he has about his friend’s appearance sans suit, and it’s a bit pathetic how eager he is for that information. It’s ironic because it really doesn’t matter; given his reliance on the suit, Steve’s always half-expected his friend to be heavily scarred or otherwise disfigured under the mask. That’s never made a difference in who he is. Shellhead is Shellhead and he could be green and purple for all Steve cares, but the not knowing, the absence of any concrete information, chafes.
“Not obvious enough,” Clint murmurs back.  Steve’s going to have to sympathize with Clint on this once, considering it took Tony literally showing him the arc reactor for him to connect all of the pieces.
If he hadn’t expressly forbidden JARVIS from sighing in his presence, Tony had no doubt that his favorite AI would have let out an audible indication of his disapproval.  J will get over it.  It’s not like they haven’t done this whole dog and pony show before.  Besides, JARVIS’ code is backed up on external servers, so he really doesn’t see with he’s making such a fuss.  As it stands, the slight delay in the power uptake is the only clue he has of JARVIS’ displeasure.
The faint
He takes a moment.  “Water,” he finally offers back.  Simplistic, but it’ll get the job done.
Steve seems to be thinking along those same lines.  “So,” he starts awkwardly, “what happens now?  Should I go wait outside?”
“Hey, boy,” he says as he reaches out and runs a hand over his pincer.  He doesn’t care what Tony says; his robot
Tony raises one gauntlet hand and wraps it firmly around Steve’s waist.  His armor assisted strength pulls Steve forward so that their chests are nearly touching.  As Steve stumbles forward, Tony slides one mental boot underneath his foot, so it functions sort of like a platform.
what Steve means.
“Be my guest,” Tony bit off sharply and stormed his way into the lab.  It was only he after he’d gone back inside that he finally stopped to realize the significance of Rogers’ lunchbox.  Glaring out through the darkened glass, he’d turn to see just exactly what else Rogers brought with him.  He couldn’t make out much, as the other man’s massive bulk was still blocking his view, but after a moment the agent turned and sat down against the wall, and Tony caught a glimpse of Rogers’ provisions: a frighteningly large lunchbox, a lumpy messenger bag, and some sort of notepad lay propped along the wall.  The implications of those objects were irritating, particularly when Rogers pulled a book out of his bag and slouched against the wall like he belonged there.
is one of New York’s finest heroes.
has never crossed his mind. With the lack of anything of substance to say, he blurts out the first thing that comes to his head. “Could you please sit down? You’ll pull your stitches.”
“I think we can work something out,” that strange yet familiar voice croons.
It’s okay. They still have time to figure things out, if he hasn’t completely blown everything.
“Take things slow?”  Tony chews over the words, as if he’s digesting something incomprehensible in a foreign language.  “What does that even mean?”
getting ready that he’s late for his very first non-date with Steve.  Mentally cursing, he makes his way to the door.  He is nowhere near prepared for what’s on the other side.
“Why not?” he demands, his voice growing angry. He’s more than proved his value in the field, both in his own time and this one. If Fury’s trying to keep him from working, he has a right to know why!
“I know that.  It still doesn’t explain why you bid on
“Leave this lab right now, or I’m calling security.”  Stark’s voice is deadly serious, Steve’s heard enough ultimatums in his day to know when someone means business.  Nonetheless, he’s not giving up so easily.  He turns, walks out of the lab doors, and then spins back to face Stark.
Steve looks utterly miserable, as if he regrets ever speaking.  "I'm sorry," he apologizes, trying to pull away.
“I reinforced it after our little Shakespeare in the Park episode.  It basically acts as a Faraday Cage, so long as the charge remains reasonable.  For that short of a distance, if I move quickly enough, I’ll be fine.”
“So he bought the story.”
Tony has no frame of reference for this, and thus it’s not entirely his fault that his brain can’t send a viable message to his mouth.   His thoughts are still buffering.
His aim is true; unless there are extenuating circumstances, it usually is.  However, instead of careening into the creature as it should, the shield stops just a few feet in front of it, dropping to the ground with a useless clatter.
"Oh," he says, quietly. "Oh. Shit. I'm sorry."
created two manips for this story, which you can find
Clint allows himself a brief snort.  “Mark it down in the history books, people.  I expect a commemorative plaque when this is all over.”
Stark continues talking, unaware of the memories his words have just inspired.
thinking about Steve riding a motorcycle.
?”  Natasha’s voice rises an octave.
“I admire your optimism.  It’s nice.  Stupid, but nice.”
“Yeah, there’s no reason it should explode twice,” Stark answers.  “Probably.”
“About a week ago.”
He has no idea how that’s supposed to incentivize him to leave. He must stand there looking at her long enough that Tasha gets suspicious because she raises her head slightly from the pillow to meet his eyes. “You’re cutting it pretty close to midnight for someone who insisted on this whole shebang. Problems?”
Even Pepper has to stop and think about that one.  “It’s...unusual, I’ll admit.  But for being part-time superheroes, the two of you are surprisingly domestic.”
“You gave Tony Stark a lecture on
“Tasha shrugs.  “You’re Captain America.  You’re brave and patriotic and a genuine hero.  The public loves you.”
Damnit, Jarvis!  He had plans for Steve…
Turns out, he won’t have to.  One moment, he catches a brief flash of blue in the corner of his eye, and the next he feels a rough pair of hands pushing him to the side.  He rotates as he hits the ground, both to mediate the impact and to look back at whatever’s going on behind him.
she’d always said.
“Come on, let’s just…we’ll talk about this in private.”  He quickly jerks his head toward the edge of the park, where there’s bound to be some taxis waiting.  The sooner they get everything out in the open, the better.
“Dammit.”  The tension is palpable within Tony’s shoulders.  He runs his fingers through his already tousled hair and glances at the ceiling with nervous energy.  “Hurry J.”
“JARVIS, how long ago was this?!”
“How so?”  The automated voice sounds interested, which Steve chooses to take as a good sign.
It’d taken him a couple of days to get used to the disembodied voice coming out of the ceiling, but he’d quickly come to appreciate the value of having JARVIS around.  Only Tony would create an artificial intelligence that is capable of not only sassing him back but occasionally getting the better of him.  Plus, there’s the added bonus that JARVIS is a seemingly endless fount of knowledge about all of the things that Steve needs to know.  While that AI is more than capable of giving Tony sass, he’s unerringly kind about answering Steve’s unending stream of questions.  Speaking of…
At first, he thinks it’s his imagination, but after an interminable length of time, he finally catches sight of the river.  The blue-black waters are easily one of the most beautiful things he’s ever seen, all the more so for the promise they hold.  Just a little bit further.  Just a little bit more and it’s all over.
He tries to work out the logic of that backstory.  It’s far-fetched to be certain, but it’s so crazy that it just might work.  It would certainly account for the way cultural details pass right over his head.
It takes a moment to process what Stark’s just said, but the implications of his findings are almost too overwhelming to believe.  He can’t even think of what that would mean – for the environment, the economy, employment – if Stark’s proposal actually works.  Judging from the near-manic look in the inventor’s eyes, it’s only a matter of time before it shifts from a possibility to a certainty.
Natasha shakes her head. “JARVIS pilots the suit remotely when Iron Man and Natasha Stark need to be in the same place at the same time. Saved my ass a few times too. He wasn’t
“I don’t think I'm ready for that yet.  Let’s at least get in one date first.”  At least, if that’s something Tony’s still interested in.  Gosh, he’s confused.
That in mind, he’s constantly thinking about the possibilities of what happens when Steve figures out the truth.  It’s bound to happen sooner or later, but he’s not at all certain how it will all play out.  Yes, Steve’s implicitly lying to him by not coming clean about the whole super-powered World War II vet thing, but Tony’s hardly an innocent party here.  He’s got his own little repulsor-propelled secret, which admittedly, is not the best foundation on which to build a relationship.  His only saving grace is that Steve is doing the
“If you will step inside, I have instructions to convey you to the communal floor.”
Steve’s about to snap back when a large black sedan comes barreling around the corner.  Judging strictly from the maniacal driving pattern, he thinks it’s a safe bet to assume it’s Natasha.
Clint quickly catches sight of them and motions for the group to follow, and Thor’s deep bass opens the conversation.
“No!” Tony insists.  “There’s no reason for you to sit on the floor when there are perfectly good chairs in here.”  He waves his hand in the direction of a table and chair that he rarely uses.  “Have a seat.  Do whatever you need to do.”
Shit.  Looks like negotiations are over.  He glances quickly to his left, where the Central Park Pilgrim is ramming a tamping rod down the barrel of his musket.  He figures he’s got about fifteen seconds before the statue can get off another shot, so decides to deal with the source of the problem first.
Tony’s head tilts downward, and he mumbles something softly under his breath.  Without his enhanced hearing, he probably wouldn’t have been able to make out Tony’s muttered words:
“Like what?”
It takes a shorter amount of time than Steve expects for Iron Man to make his way back down to the room, but his speed soothes a petty part of Steve’s soul.
Fortunately, Thor seems like he is sticking around.  “I shall accompany you to your base camp.  If my brother’s actions have brought strife upon your realm, the least I can do is provide your leaders with the knowledge they require.”
“Over here.”  Tony walks toward the couch he generally crashes naps on in between work sessions, and Steve follows.  “JARVIS, queue the screen.”
“You seem to have a pretty good grasp of humor and sarcasm.”  Steve has learned his lesson; after his first, extremely misguided comparison of JARVIS to Dum-E, he’s grasped the value of a well-timed compliment.  Despite being a compilation of code and circuit board, JARVIS is acutely prone to flattery.
“No, no, it’s nothing like that.”  Pepper glares at him as if she expects him to continue speaking, and he knows that he’s not going to be able to dodge this one.  In lieu of lying to Pepper - the woman
It’s the same shpiel that she gave him before, back when he still thought she was two discrete people. His response is still the same. Things
Steve believes it. He may not know Stark personally, but that Iron Man armor is like nothing he’s ever seen before. He’s still missing something, though.
“What about the thing with the lightning?”  Somehow, he has the feeling he’s not going to like the answer.
It’s about ten o’clock when JARVIS finally announces that Steve is entering the building, and it’s all Tony can do from demanding an explanation.  He keeps his cool, though, pointedly ignoring as Steve walks down the steps and approaches the lab.  Steve taps gingerly on the left side of the door – the one that he didn’t break into pieces – and Tony gives the appropriate command for the doors to open.
Steve might not understand the science, but he can definitely grasp the sincerity in Stark’s words.  He’s serious.  This arc reactor thing is something that could actually work and, potentially, help a lot of people.
This time it’s Natasha that speaks.  “Stark just gave you a new phone?”
“Steve, I can’t tell you I’m not going to take risks.  I’m as much Iron Man as you are Captain America, and I can’t just watch while things go wrong.”
.  True, they provide backstory, but at what cost?”  Steve looks confused and perhaps rightfully so.  He’s yet to encounter the floppy eared monstrosity.  Then again, without suffering through the Gungan, Steve won’t get to encounter the joy that is Mace Windu.  It’s a quandary.  He’s going to call it the Jar Jar Paradox.
After over a decade of pining over Steve, he’s about to do the unthinkable and ask him out.  Well, not
“The one and only.”
It’s nearly seven o’clock by the time Steve makes it back to Stark Tower.  As team leader, it’s his responsibility to brief the SHIELD, the press, the National Defense Council, and every other concerned party that wants to know each and every detail of the latest alien invasion.  He understands – it hasn’t been all that long since the Chitauri – but he’s told the exact same story what seems like a hundred times.  There’s only so many times he can regurgitate the exact same details over and over, and all he wants to do is go home and go to sleep.
, well, they’re holding each other, really.   It's a good thing that his face is overlooking Steve’s shoulder, since it probably gives away far more than he can ever say.
, but he has no way of saying that without blowing his cover.  “I told you I wasn’t really good with tech stuff,” he mumbles.
Not to mention, he’s tired.  Tired of running, tired of constantly looking over his shoulder, tired of…well, a lot.  So he’d taken the plane ticket Stark had offered, met the driver he’d sent at JFK, and was currently standing in front of the garage elevator of the newly rechristened Avengers Tower.
Their first kiss is not technically perfect, but what it lacks in form it makes up for in intensity.  Tony fuses their lips, trying to convey years of want and need and love in a single moment.  His tongue runs along the seam of Steve’s lips, at last daring to hope that he and Steve are finally on the same page.
He’s back!  Seriously, does this guy have nothing better to do?
“My phone,” Steve answers.  “I thought we’d just established that.”
“That’s the endgame. But, I need to know what to do with you in the meantime.”
He was still here when I left the lab.
He arrives at the little group just in time to keep a ten-foot granite statue in knee britches from backhanding Clint.  Using his shield as a club, he drives the edge into the sculpture’s neck, and the head breaks off with an almost comic crack.
“So Tasha needs to fight off extraterrestrial invaders to be worthy of your attention?”
“In a sense.  JARVIS in far more intelligent than Ana was ever intended to be, but she’s modeled along the same lines.  The best thing is, Ana communicates between all of your Stark devices, so once you set up one system, you shouldn’t have to repeat the process over and over again.  And everything’s hooked up to SI satellite internet, so you should get data pretty much anywhere.”  Tony looks ridiculously pleased with himself, and Steve’s sure he has a right to be.  The problem is, he has absolutely no idea what he’s supposed to be appreciating.
“That’s not it at all!  I can take a hit a lot easier than you can.”
“I'm sorry I didn't do this ten years ago. I'm a goddamn idiot. And I-- I thought that we had to pretend, I thought that this was all I could have--"
“We should be back in a couple of days, though,” she continues.  “A week tops.  I can’t really see these guys holding out much longer.”
Steve is mildly impressed by Fury’s deductions. In a very short amount of time, the director has drawn a surprisingly accurate conclusion about his willingness to modify the rules if they impede his ability to do what’s right. He’s impressed by Fury’s insight, but he’s not sure if he’s comfortable with him knowing that much information.
“Natasha — “ Her first name still feels wrong in his mouth. He’s mentally called her “Ms. Stark” for so long that the shape of her given name feels odd in his mouth.
He doesn’t really understand the question; Tony’s never had an issue with self-esteem before, so his train of thought makes no sense.  Still, if he needs to hear it...
“Good,” Pepper says, and straightens back up.  “And while you’re at it, you’d better tell him that if he breaks your heart, I’ll kick his ass.”
Okay, Tony can imagine quite a few things better than a substandard charity gala chocked full of political sycophants and bad food.  He’s personally fought several alien species that are more likeable than some members of the House Oversight Committee.  Yet in spite of everything, Steve seems to have enjoyed the evening – no, more than that – he
It’s over before Steph really has a chance to appreciate the experience.  New York’s really not that big of a city and the suit is fast, so the trip doesn’t last all that long.  Still, that night when she’s thinking back through events of the day, she can still feel a lingering arm around her waist and the surprisingly warm press of metal against her cheek.
Instead, he allows himself one last foolish and emotive act.  Ever so slowly, he leans down, bringing his face parallel with Steve’s and presses his lips one last time to Steve’s.
.  None of that matters though, because it’s not true.
Tony spins, and sure enough, Dum-E has gradually snuck up behind him as he and Steve have been talking.  He’s not quite sure if what his robot’s doing can be called eavesdropping, since Dum-E doesn’t have ears, but the bot’s definitely picking up stalkerish tendencies from Steve.
a date but admittedly had date-like components.
With no time to spare, their lonely little team of three speed quickly toward the alien’s last known location, which, according to Clint, is the Alice in Wonderland at the head of the Conservatory Water.  The same statute which is now, apparently, alive.
I’m sure there’s a perfectly good reason that you let some random SHIELD agent down into my lab.   Thinking…thinking…Nope, my mind’s a blank.  In future, please forbid the G-men from invading my personal space.
She’s mindlessly flipping through channels when her phone buzzes.
“Very well, Sir.”  JARVIS’ voice rings from the speakers spaced throughout the room, and Steve tenses.  “My name is JARVIS.  I am Mr. Stark’s Artificial Intelligence system, and I am responsible for aiding Sir in his endeavors and ensuring the day to day functioning of the premises.”
Tony was going to die.  His heart, never his best organ since the whole terrorist, shrapnel, car battery thing, was beating a mile and minute and was due to burst out of his chest any moment now.  What had made him think this was even a remotely good idea?
“If you would like,” JARVIS intercedes, “I can queue up the 1938 Flynn
Steve grips one of Tony’s forearms, not wanting to miss a single touch now that he finally has permission.  “How did you figure it out, anyway?  Did Iron Man clue you off?”
The offer takes him by surprise; he’s never really deviated from the list of movies that Tony has deemed, by some inexplicable Tony-logic, imperative to his cultural assimilation.  This though, this sounds like it might be a good idea.
It takes a moment for Tony to snap back.  He seems...spaced out or something, like he’s contemplating about a million different things at once.  “That’s a bit fatalistic, you know.”
Tony said
He shakes himself out of that train of thought to avoid sounding like a total hypocrite.  “Right,” he nods.  “I’ll meet you there?”
Steve calls Natasha the moment he leaves Fury’s office, fearful that if he waited too long, the director would change his mind and rescind his offer.
Steve internally bristles at that; he absolutely loathes it when Tony tries to put himself down, but he can’t exactly react to something he’s not supposed to hear.  He’s going to break Tony out of that self-depreciating mindset if it’s the last thing he does.
To be fair, his love life’s been predominantly theoretical up to this point, albeit not by choice.  Before the serum, he didn’t exactly have people lining up around the street to date him, and afterwards the shield and mask had served as their own deterrents.  Call him old fashioned, but he kind of found it hard to establish an emotional connection with someone when you couldn’t even tell them your name.  Granted, it was endlessly frustrating having a body that people were finally willing to take a second look at but being unable to do anything about it, but he handled it.  When things got too bad, he just threw his shield around a little harder than was strictly necessary.
No.  That is not the way this works anymore.  Just because he’s slightly out of touch with modern vernacular doesn’t mean he has to put up with people talking in circles around him.  Without breaking eye contact, he brings his phone parallel to his mouth and speaks directly into the audio receiver.  “Ana, what’s a sugar daddy?”  He can see Clint wince and start to blush, while the tiniest smirk hovers around Natasha’s mouth.
like to spend time with you without pretending that I’m doing it for work-related purposes, because, in all honesty, that hasn’t been the case for a while now.”  He takes a breath and keeps going.  “We don’t have to jump into anything.  We can take things slow if you’d like, but I have to at least acknowledge that there’s something going on here.”
He can distantly hear Natasha’s voice offering explanations in the background.
He can remember seeing this movie either five or seventy-four years ago, depending on the frame of reference.  He and Bucky had shelled out twenty-five cents apiece for a midnight showing and even splurged on a ten cent bag of popcorn.  A week later they’d done the same thing all over again; it was that good.  There was just something really inspiring about watching Flynn’s Robin Hood jump off that drawbridge, muster his men, and speak out against a tyrannical regime.
“Thank you, Tony,” he says on an exhale, and his voice is surprisingly sincere.
“Aside from Dum-E.”  The robot in question offers a series of offended sounding beeps from his charging station across the lab, and Tony offers him one sardonic eyebrow in response.  Steve allows himself a brief moment of amusement, before rubbing the sleep crust out of his eyes.  “I thought you weren’t due back until tomorrow.”
“Captain,” JARVIS says from the ceiling with an uncharacteristic urgency, “there’s something you need to see. Without waiting for his response, JARVIS turns on the suite’s television.
“He’s intense,” Steve answers.  “You’d think a man sitting in an apartment would make for a really boring story, but it was strangely compelling.  And a bit voyeuristic, to tell you the truth.”  Not to mention, Jimmy Stewart had aged well.
“Exactly.”  When he doesn’t respond right away, Nat keeps on talking.  “Steve, Tony Stark is the chief stockholder and lead developer for a Fortune 500 company, not to mention the exclusive mind behind the Iron Man armor.  It’s nearly impossible to make a dent in his schedule.  He’s thrown out each and every SHIELD agent that Fury has tried to send him over the years, yet you get pretty much unfettered access to him on a daily basis and, for all intents and purposes, have somehow managed to insinuate yourself into his personal life.”
“No, it’s just…um…I’m not great at being diplomatic.  Or schmoozing.”  And isn’t that the understatement of the century?  She
“Believe me, I know,” he answers.  “I’m catching up with things.  Kind of,” he adds with a glance toward his stack of library books.
“Yes,” Tony adds begrudgingly.
Okay, she meant it.  It still sounds like an absolutely horrible idea.  “Umm, have you been listening to anything I’ve said?  Avoiding the truth is sort of what’s been allowing the relationship to work.”
who he came so close to losing.
She turns back to her partner.  “Your point?”
She walks into the center of the room bold as anything and immediately begins surveying the room through her tinted glasses. “So, this place is still as pathetic as I remember it. Hasn’t changed much in the, what…two years since I’ve set foot in this place. Oh, right, my bad. I’d forgotten. It must be because you don’t actually live here.”
“Tony, we are not destroying my old phone.  It’s unnecessary.  Besides, aren’t you supposed to recycle the battery anyway?”
He’s just about to open his book to the marked page when a soft
As soon as the bronze breaks apart to reveal the hollow inner shell, the figure stops moving, and Steve breathes a sigh of relief.  They can be stopped.
“No ma’am, I can’t.  They’re just pieces of art.  They’re beautiful, but they’re not...alive.”
“I like you too?”  Steve wishes he sounded more confident about that.
“I needed to make sure you were all right.”
Dum-E inches forward, soothed by the soft tone of Steve’s voice, and it’s all Tony can do not to stare.  The bot slowly approaches Steve’s outstretched hand but stops just a few inches short of making contact.  Steve waits.  He wiggles his fist, as if to draw attention to it, but otherwise stays still, as if not to spook Dum-E.  After a moment, Dum-E lifts himself slightly by straightening his top hinge, and his pincer briefly brushes the underside of Steve’s hand.
“None taken.”
“Which is why I have to leave before we hit midnight. The way our lives work, I’m not gonna risk fate.”
“JARVIS?”
He doesn’t know how this entire conversation shifted from talking care of Steve to an exploration of his inward double consciousness, but he can’t bring himself to regret it.  He can count the number of people who know his biggest secret on one hand, and none of them are exactly comfortable ruminating on the complexities of maintaining an alter ego; they’re more concerned with the danger he places himself in every time he locks into the suit.  Steve, though, it’s like he gets it.
To: Potts, Pepper
house, Mad Eye.”  Stark’s eyes take on a mischievous glint, and despite not having interacted with the man all that much, Bruce just knows he’s going to say something outrageous.  “Besides, I didn’t even mention Steve’s and my efforts to conserve water – ”
“What do we got?” he asks without any preliminaries.
“JARVIS, you
Steve has absolutely no idea what the little video clip means or even how Tony got it to play on his phone, so it takes him a moment to think of a response.  He’s just about to start typing when a voice interrupts his thought process.
“All what about?” he parrots, his eyes still not quite connecting with Steve’s.
It takes Tony a moment to answer.  “A scrawny farm boy gets captured by pirates, but he somehow beats all odds and ends up leader of the fleet.  Years later, he comes back in disguise to reclaim his true love and right the wrongs of the kingdom.”  He smirks, a slightly manic glint in his eye.  “I just really like this movie.”  He burrows into the couch cushions, the left side of his body just barely touching Steve’s.  “Nothing like a little escapism to take your mind off the present.”
Tony’s got all of the requisite security clearance anyway; if this all works out – and Steve’s praying that it will – there’s no reason that Tony can’t know he’s Captain America.  After all, he already knows Iron Man’s identity.  What’s one more name added into the mix?
He forces himself to start speaking, slowly excavating the memories he thought he’d entombed in rock and sand.  “You know about Afghanistan, right?  I’m assuming that was in whatever briefing packet they gave you?”  At Steve’s sharp nod, he continues.  “The guys who kidnapped me were bound and determined on getting me to make weapons to fuel their terrorist operations.  They had the raw materials, but they wanted something more advanced, something that I’d stupidly bragged about my sole ability to manufacture.  I said no, but they weren’t willing to accept that answer.”  He pauses for a moment and contemplates how to get the next part out.
The silence is deafening.  Now that Steve is here, Tony doesn't exactly know what they’re supposed to be doing.  Letting Steve join him in the lab sounded all well and good, but it’s somewhat awkward now that he’s standing here.
“That’s one way to look at it.  But that argument assumes that the decision you're making is an impulse move that hasn’t been fully thought out.  And I’ve thought about this.”  Slowly, so that Tony has the opportunity to pull away, he reaches out and grabs the back of Tony’s hand in a mirror image of what they were doing earlier this morning.  “I’ve thought about it a lot.  And I’m tired of time running away.  I’d like to get out ahead of it for once.”
Tony built Dum-E primarily as a thought experiment, to prove once and for all that artificial intelligence
He’s not an idiot.  He’d known even before he’d crashed into the Atlantic that his eyes lingered over men’s hips just as frequently as they did over women’s curves.  At some point he’d had to admit to himself that, no, it wasn’t just an artist thing, and that he really did like to look at both sexes.  And by
“I see.  Might want to stick a bookmark in it, Cap.  We need you bright-eyed and bushy-tailed just in case of any early morning catastrophes.”
Steph says none of this out loud.  Instead, she proceeds in an extremely neutral voice.  “You can’t have been paying much attention to your date if you’re off…socializing with government officials.”
“Nice,” he manages to choke out quickly moving on from the Thing That Must Not Be Named.  “Wait, what else did you bring?  Not another stack of history books?”
“The only disadvantage I can see to such improvements is the threat of reversion.  While Mr. Stark has show remarkable improvements within the brief period of your interactions, I am concerned that he might revert to his prior behavior – or worse – overexert himself should your...relationship sour.”
The noise prompts the figure to turn his way.  A pair of solid black eyes regard him with a nasty expression, and the creature raises one of its arms.  Steve barely has time to see the faint crackles of energy before a strong arm pushes him to the ground.
.  I simply cannot have you running around town with a flip phone.  It offends me.  Like, on a spiritual level.”  Steve has a feeling Tony is not going to let this thing go.  “Besides,” he continues, “these models would all be going out for beta testing anyway.
When he doesn’t join in on the ribbing, she tones down the sarcasm. “Soooo…I owe you an explanation.”
Pathetic?  Yes.  Illuminating?  Maybe.
“You first.”
Tasha grunts in acknowledgment. “And the gunman?”
“And that’s a problem?”  Honestly, he can’t see why Clint is making such a big deal of this, or why he’s implying and Tony are remotely inappropriate with one another.
“Most of the people I grew up idolizing are dead.”
He secretly loves and hates that Steve can see through that bluff.  Rather than give an honest answer, he changes the subject.  Kind of. “There’ve been talks of commissioning a statue of the Avengers.  I think they’re planning on calling it ‘Guardians of the Park,’ or something equally cheesy.”
This.
“Forwarding suggestions now.”
Steve cocks an eyebrow.  Even nearly dead and lying on the ground, he still manages to keep that eyebrow.  “How do you figure that?”
.  But over time I started think about how hard that must be, living with all of those secrets, never being able to tell anyone who or what you really are.”
On second thought, that last one’s a bit hypocritical.
Clint looks chagrin.  “Yeah, man.  I’m sorry about that.  It was out of line.”
Steve waits, unsure if it’s a rhetorical question or not. When Fury doesn’t respond, he finally answers. “Put me to work.”
Tony steps off of the elevator and heads straight towards the bar, where he proceeds to pour out two glasses of an amber looking liquid.  Tumblers in hand, extends one to Steve and gestures towards the large, glass window, where all of New York is laid out below.
She types out an answer before Tasha can text-vomit any further.
It stands to reason that the one time he’s actually enjoying being Steve, everything goes to hell in a handbasket and Captain America has to suit up.  It’s nice to be needed, he guesses, but someone really needs to talk to criminals about their timing.  If Loki has somehow made his way off Asgard, he’s done, no matter what Thor has to say about it.
"It's in the past."
Tony drags his hands out of the air and crosses them over his chest.  His weight shifts backwards onto his heels, and he starts regarding Steve with a long, drawn out silence.  Steve has absolutely no idea what he’s done (par for the course regarding his interactions with Stark), but judging from the other man’s reaction, he’s pretty sure he’s misstepped in some crucial way.
“That’s the one.  When the Chitauri attacked New York, Mount Sinai was one of the hundreds of businesses that lost power.  Like most hospitals, they have a backup generator, but as luck would have it one of our helpful alien robots crashed into the auxiliary power supply.  The hospital lost 85 percent of its power at a time when they had patients rushing in by the dozens.  Doctors...had to make choices.”
“Yeah, that’s something she tends to do.”  Tony stays silent for a few moments before adding on softly, “I talked to her about you.”
“What have we got?” he asks Natasha through the slightly cracked door.
Steve can’t for the life of him follow Fury’s logic.  “Director, I’m not exactly sure I’m the man for the job. We just got through talking about how much I don’t know this century. Now you want me to talk to Tony Stark? I’m probably the least qualified person for the job!”
“Take us up, please," he intones, hoping he's making the right choice.
“I don’t know,” Tony pipes up.  “A large metal Frisbee sort of stands out in a corporate setting.”
Steve looks up in the direction of the voice that’s just spoken to him.   The secretary’s soft tones have startled him out of his reverie, but he tries to cover his surprise by standing quickly to his feet.
Something inside Steve thrills at the word.  “Yes,” he answers back softly.  “Yes, it is.”  He starts to make his way outside of the lab, but the conversation seems…unfinished somehow.  Quickly, before he can rethink anything, he turns and places one, brief kiss on Tony’s cheek.  He then turns and makes his way out of the lab at the upper threshold of human speed, his face turning bright red all the while.
Turns out, Tony may not be the only one with an appreciation for a uniform.
Steve braces himself, but when it comes the flash of light originates from behind, not in front of him.  When the flash is immediately succeeded by a deafening crack of thunder, he can’t help the smile that breaks over his face.
“You’re dating?”
It’s the perfect excuse. Better than an excuse, because it’s technically true. The three of them have avoided interacting for years, all content to operate in their little groupings of two. It would be so easy to continue on with the way things were before. But things aren’t the way that they are before, and they probably haven’t been for a long time if this morning’s little display is anything to go by. It’s probably his ignorance that’s sent him into such a visceral tailspin. He just needs time to wrap his head around the idea, and the gut-wrenching feeling deep in his core will quiet down.
Bruce can’t shake the feeling he ought to call his friends.  He won’t, because James clearly isn’t ready for it, but it’s a thought that itches in his brain while they walk.  It feels a lot like guilt.
“Who sat with you?” Tony asks.
“M’not running,” James says.
“Let me get this,” Tony insists.
Clint reaches down to help with one hand and Bruce digs through his bag for the scanner. Not that he’s sure it will help. Not that he even knows what he’s looking for, but it’s the best they’ve got.
“Basically? They fucked with your head so much there’s no rhyme or reason to what you’d remember and you definitely weren’t in any shape to be making calls on your own. It makes sense. Torture can break just about anyone so how do you make sure your super soldier doesn’t give up all your secrets? Wipe him after every mission.”
And once they’ve grown bored with their zamboni games, there’s still some hockey to be played. It’s been years, maybe, since Steve’s laughed this hard. His sides ache as he collapses at center ice. He stares up at the roof and wishes life could always be this easy. Effortless happiness. He could get used to this.
She nods and Tony beams.
"Dr. Stane assigned him there."
Steve holds the stick with reverence. “Do you mind if I take a picture of this so I can text it to the guys?”
Tony thinks about the past, while Bruce, Clint and James work out the science of the future.
"Will you let him know I'm on my way?"
Tony shrugs. “It’s better than some stupid fundraiser where some asshole reporter is going to ask me about my new DWI.”
When Steve looks up at him he’s smiling the sort of genuine, relaxed smile Tony thought only existed in photos taken 70 years before.
“It’s for my sort-of-niece. Rhodey’s kid, Jenny. She calls me Uncle Tony like I’m something important to her and she’s a big fan of Barnes. His biggest fan, maybe.”
Steve pulls his hand away and Tony catches it, in the universal signal for ‘don’t go.’
“Sir has initiated the manual override on the elevator so it will not rise to his suite.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“JARVIS-- play me the video feed from last night.  Whatever happened after I fell asleep.”
“Yeahhhh,” Bucky says. “About that. You and Steve need to get in the trunk.”
Tony nods.  He’s concentrating hard enough that Steve expects it’ll be a quiet hour or two, which is why it’s all the more surprising when Tony sits the nest down and turns to look at Steve.
“When’s the last time you changed your sheets?” Sam asks. He’s leaning against a lamppost for support.
But all of this happiness doesn’t translate to smiles when Tony’s alone.  He’s so depressed, he doesn’t even realize Pepper’s walked into his office until she coughs to get his attention.  She’s already seen his screen, so there’s no point denying he’s sitting around in the middle of the afternoon, watching a live security feed of Steve at his desk.  Like a creeper.
He turns away entirely, but that only manages to reveal his back, which is worse than what Steve had already seen.  The bruises are darker there, and there are more of them.  Other injuries, too.  Belt marks.  Cigarette burns.  What the actual fuck?
He yanks away from Steve, and since he’s in the suit, he can add a little shove of warning, too.
Bruce takes the opportunity to send his request to Tony, keeping the details as vague as possible.
He holds his taco toward Tony, and Tony takes a bite, because Bruce is right and also the trunk taco was (and still is) fantastic.
According to her introduction, Shayla and Tony dated for a little less than three months.
A moment later Tony’s lab appears as a projection on the bedroom wall. Steve is visible in the background, looking intently at a paper file on a desk.
In addition to being an ass, Sean is loud.  His tone is unpleasant and he’s rude to the waitstaff who stop by to refill the water and change out their dirty plates for clean ones.
Bruce glances back at James, and then up at the screen. His pulse quickens as he remembers all the ways he’s failed friends in the past. And yet these people-- these strong, brave, intelligent people-- know an awful lot about him and yet they’re looking to him for the guidance here. Maybe good intentions do count for something. Maybe he doesn’t ruin everything he touches.
“You can see for yourself when he comes out,” Bruce says, not really wanting to say much about James behind his back. “I think I’d rather talk about why you’ve been following me around Austria, but didn’t stop by to say hello. I wouldn’t have minded the company.”
It’s either jealousy or protectiveness, and Steve doesn’t know which.  Jealous Steve spends time with Bruce?  Jealous Bruce spends time with Steve?  Worried either of them might hurt the other?  There’s no telling.  He could ask, but he doesn’t want to argue.  Not when Tony’s dropped the polite hostility for the first time in ages.
“Don’t you have a whole warehouse full of boxes to dust off?” Tony deflects.
“That you had just told me there were pictures of you on the internet from when you were barely legal. I assumed they weren’t there with your permission. I didn’t-- It had nothing to do with you not wearing clothes. That is something I am absolutely looking forward to seeing,” Steve says emphatically. “I didn’t want to see photos of you in a position where you’d been hurt or taken advantage of. I’d end up breaking into the Pentagon and shutting off the world internet or something, to protect you.”
The head athletic trainer frowns, but keeps his mouth shut until Howard walks away.
He really has no choice but to rely on James’s opinion, since he has no idea what Clint’s seeing that’s worrying him.
Steve nods. “Then I think we’re good here. I know a lot of you will have questions. If you put them in the comments, we’ll have a friend sift through them for us, and answer what we can. Thank you for watching. Have a good day.”
“I reallllly don’t think you’re going to like it.  And my ma always said it’s harder to say no to someone who put in some effort. ‘Course she was telling me that for my art school interviews but it stuck.”
“That’s the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard and I’ve sat through multiple congressional hearings.  Why really?”
James looks at Steve. “You ever think the future is weird? Like most stuff got better but a few things got turned around?”
“That’s up to you,” Bruce says, assuming the him in this context is Steve. “Steve will probably be upset with me when he finds out I kept you a secret, but your right to privacy trumps his right to know.”
“--never let Dummy babysit, we’ll do just fine.”
Tony doesn’t reply.  Steve checks to make sure Tony’s still breathing then drives on to a private airport.  Pepper may be angry and frustrated, but she’d still helped arrange a StarkJet to get them back to New York.  Steve had tried to contact Jarvis for help first, but he’d gotten no reply.
For someone like Tony, who has spent a lifetime feeling like an outsider even within his own company, it’s the epitome of what he’s always wanted: Friends as family.
“You’re not even mad at me,” Tony says incredulously.  His body is practically vibrating with frustration.  “Why are you being so decent about this?  And I swear to God if you tell me you’re doing it for America I’m jumping out of this car.”
“You can keep it,” Bruce says. “Or burn it. I really don’t care.”
The fic is finished! Hammer and Obie get everything that's coming to them, and Tony and Steve get the ending they deserve! Getting there is a wild ride.
“JARVIS, show me mine.  Let’s see if they got my good side.  Actually-- let’s face it, there’s really no bad side.”
“I went ahead and ordered for us,” Bruce explains. “I figured no one would mind the usuals.”
“I’ll talk to him,” Clint agrees.  He shifts up a little and takes out his wallet before pulling out a five dollar bill and handing it to Steve.  “Go buy yourself a milkshake, kid.  I hear the Hawkeye is a best seller.  Uncle Clint will make it all better.”
“Do you ever think about-- I-- mean...” Tony trails off because he knows logically Jarvis doesn’t ever think about Mr. Jarvis or Ana and that’s what he was going to ask.  His AI doesn’t connect to those events or emotions.  In terms of fond memories, Tony is entirely alone.  “Nothing.”
This is not a romantic admission.  It feels more like something Steve would say in a confessional booth before mass.
“Oh my god, I am going to die from sugar overload if you keep looking at me like I’m made of cotton candy. Stop,” Tony complains.
The television shuts off, and the lights in the room dim slightly as Steve walks to the window.  The windows had been slightly clouded before but now they are clear, and Steve can’t help but think that Bucky would think this was incredible.  The future.  Now.
Steve looks up in surprise. Like he’s been caught sneaking into a movie without paying or cutting through a lawn with a KEEP OFF sign guarding the grass.
“It’s not,” Steve says, handing over his phone.
“You too.”
Tony shakes his head as he sniffs.  “M’not worth it.”
The look on Clint’s face is so absolutely sincere, Bruce’s irritation can't hang on. Clint’s a good friend. Clint’s trying to help. Bruce is thanking him by being an ass. He sits up a little straighter and fluffs the pillow he’d mangled.
“I think the IT team got the message loud and clear,” Steve says. “Thank you.”
Mae’s gaze is exceedingly patient.  “I don’t doubt that.”
“Might as well get it over with all at once,” James says. “I don’t expect friendly from people I tried to kill.”
Steve does as he’s told.
He walks inside as reverently as if it was the Tardis.  The room isn’t bright or gleaming or teched out, but it’s clean and well-organized and full of both useful looking weapons and displayed antiques and geeeeeeezus...
“If that’s what you want,” Tony agrees.
“Fuuuuuck,” Tony groans.  “J, can you get in the systems?”
A few days later, Ms. Potts asks Steve to stop by the tower to sign for the ownership of some shares in Stark Industries that Howard had left behind for him in case Steve ever returned.  Even after all those years, Howard had never given up hope.  Steve really doesn’t know what to make of that.
“Can you elaborate on that?” a reporter in the front row calls out.
“We’ll never get rid of Barton that easily,” Tony agrees.
“Mine,” Tony says.
“The Smithsonian.  There’s an exhibit.”  Steve pauses, and makes the mistake of nervously taking a drink of the smoothie, since it’s right there in his hands, and it sends him into a coughing fit.
Steve trails off. Tony’s got tears at the edges of his eyes and Steve’s not sure if they’re good tears or bad tears. If he got this wrong.
They’re sitting on one of the porch swings in front of the giant rehab house (mostly) alone. The receptionist can see them from inside, and the guard can see them from the gate, but no one is listening. After Pepper left, Steve walked inside and the receptionist asked him to wait on the porch. When Tony had walked out a minute ago, looking unbruised and well-rested, Steve’s face had broken into a smile that he could not suppress. The huge, awful weight he’d been carrying around for the last month had lifted.
“And we’ve got a budget of whatever it takes to get you out of the office,” Sam adds.
“Well that’s fucked up,” Tony says.  “SHIELD needs to find you a therapist. Tell them I’ll pay.”
Steve looks at him with apology in his eyes.  “So you understand why I’ve got to do this? Why it has to be me?”
James’s eyes turn to Bruce. He’s got that look he gets when he runs out of words and rather than make him explain, Bruce steps in.
“You got a lock on Nanna and Kate?” Steve calls up to the front.
And that’s how after breakfast a two hour game of “What Shit Can We Scan?” starts.
Tony’s nervous again and this time it has nothing to do with a dark trunk. He’s not the best with old people under good circumstances. And these circumstances are not good.
“Well, that’s good?” Bruce says, realizing then what an obvious mistake he’s made. “I can call him back and tell him I can meet him down the road. I should have asked for your permission before I invited him to the house.”
“I am an acceptable witness for any Stark Industries paperwork, this form included,” Jarvis confirms.
The nutrition doesn’t take long, and James is drowsy when it’s over. His body is back to healing mode again, and he’s nodding off when Bruce leaves. He’s not too far gone to speak up, though.
“You didn’t have to do that,” Tony says.  “You aren’t my employee.”
“If you’re with Rhodey that means no other man can swoop in and steal you away, Pep,” Tony says. “This works out great for me. I’ve always figured some day you’d have to drop me when you found someone to put a ring on it. Now that’s not going to happen.”
“There’s a lot to this,” Steve says.  “And if... if it’s too much, that’s okay.  I don’t expect...”  Steve swallows.  “I just wanted a little more time before we had this conversation.”
He’s incredibly glad Bucky and Clint and Sam don’t know this is happening or he’d never live it down.
The barn is absolutely silent as Bruce ever so carefully thumbs over James’s knee. The kneecap feels structurally intact, though the swelling could be misleading. They need an x-ray machine or similar. Bruce would like to think if the knee is truly jacked up, James wouldn’t have been getting around so well, but that seems optimistic. No doubt he’s got a pain tolerance that’s off the charts.
James watches them with skepticism. “Sounds familiar.  Tell me he didn’t make that up himself.”
A flash of silver whips toward Bruce as blood begins to gush from James’s wound. Clint throws himself between James’s arm and Bruce’s body, knocking Bruce backward as Clint’s side takes the full force of impact. He lands heavily on Bruce’s legs, barely missing the blade Bruce drops in surprise. A foot away, James rolls to all fours, coughing and choking, and scrambles for the weapon. He picks it up and lunges for Clint, who manages a sharp kick to James’s injured side.
It's Clint who answers.  “The only thing Tony likes more than making things is seeing what they look like once they’ve gotten the shit beat out of them,” Clint assures him. “I swear he’s like a kid in a candy store every time I bring him back a jacked-up arrow.”
“I don’t think Tony would do that,” Bruce says gently. “I really don’t.  You’re safe here, James.  Or at least as safe as any of us can ever be.”
“The future’s weird,” Steve says but he doesn’t object.  He rises to his feet, pulls on his jacket and follows after Clint.
“Bucky, no,” Steve groans.
Mission accomplished.  Plus I found my new best friend.  So long suckers.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay, well maybe not
“It’s either be okay or kill every one of you,” James says with a hint of mischief in his eyes.
“Bruce would come back if you told him that you need him.” Steve’s voice is firm, like he’s speaking something he knows to be true.
Tony can’t help the skepticism he knows is written all over his face.  “The old Barnes, sure.  The only thing that’s going to give the Winter Soldier any pause is whether to shoot you in the chest or the back.”
“So you can ramble.  Good to know,” Tony says.  “Glad it’s not just me.  Beer and normalcy, coming right up.”
Witness: _______________________________________________ (Stark Industries New York Employees may use the Automated HR AI, or any other Artificial Intelligence available to staff, as a digital witness.  Instructions can be found in the Employee Handbook, Page 72.)
“I’m serious, Steve,” Tony says.  “So far the press has been good to you.  You don't want them to turn.”
“Mop Man?” Pepper asks skeptically.
Steve turns to give Bruce an indignant look.
The whole ‘that’s what I want’ thing works great for them most of the time.  It’s pretty much the only set of therapy words they can both consistently use without a lot of stress.  And Steve’s got a choice.  Because either he wants the same, or he’s got to tell Tony that no, he doesn’t want that.  That he doesn’t want Tony taking care of him.
Steve must be thinking the same thing, because he backs them up against the mattress and they topple down on top of it.  The wooden floor under the bed creaks with a loud groan that no doubt reaches downstairs.  They both go perfectly still, wondering if they’ve been caught.
“Every time you say you want to help me, I wonder if I should kill you,” James says.
“JARVIS was keeping him informed,” Natasha assures him.
For all intents and purposes, Steve and Tony were alone for the first time in months.  When they got up to the penthouse in a few minutes they were
Bruce flinches a little from the sorrow in Steve’s voice. It’s raw pain.
“James, this is Clint Barton. Clint, this is James,” Bruce introduces for lack of anything more enlightening to say.
Tony takes a screenshot of the picture and the commentary and forwards it on to Steve.
He leans in, kisses Tony on the forehead, and then moves as fast as he can to shove a pillow over Tony’s face.  He is
“Get some rest,” Natasha insists. “You don’t have to sneak out like you did something wrong. Steve wants you here, and so do we.”
So instead Bruce watches James carefully and really, everything seems to be okay. James is responding fine to questions, he sits calmly on the bench that Clint drags over, and he’s looking up at Clint when Clint speaks to him. James fidgets a little as Clint pulls out the scissors and holds them out for James to inspect but Bruce can’t say that fidgeting has ever been a bad sign. He does it himself, when he’s feeling uncomfortable and needs to remember which skin he’s in.
“Does it have anything to do to with Stark joining the team?”
“Come in,” Tony says, stepping aside. “Did you find your way back okay?”
“Happfy?” Steve mumbles.
Steve’s found that one of the easiest ways to keep up with the modern world is to watch the morning talk shows on the television.  He’s already awake when they’re on, and most days he’s run, showered and dressed before they start.  So once he’s finished with his pre-dawn routine he sits in his apartment with a cup of coffee and a bagel and lets the television provide background noise as he reads the The Daily Bugle.
If this made you happy,
If you die I will find you and I will kill you.
“I’m going to roll this up,” he says, gesturing to the material at James’s ankle. “If you need me to stop what I’m doing at any time, say so.”
“And you think instead of me talking to someone who cares, I should talk to someone who doesn’t.”
Tony Stark Surprises With Post-Game Retirement Announcement
Is going to hurt like hell if everything with Steve has been a set up. When it comes down to it, that’s what is causing the awful, tight feeling in Tony’s chest. Not mistrust. Not leftover betrayal-feels from Obie. It’s the knowledge that his relationship with Steve might be nothing but a lie. Tony’s really not sure how he’ll handle that. If there’s even enough alcohol in the world to dull that hurt.
“Oh thank God,” Tony mumbles, finally finding his voice again.  “Sorry-- just-- wow.  I was running on spite and adrenaline and tacos and now I think maybe I need a second.”
It did seem like a prank that could be played.  Ditch Captain America.  Tony and Bruce laughing their way down the elevator.
“I was,” Tony admits. “I’m not in the mood for another lecture and everyone knows you’re a Boy Scout.”
For a split second Tony’s mouth drops open aghast and then he retaliates for the snark by tossing one of the throw pillows at Steve.
“I’m sorry-- if bringing up Coulson--”
“Yeah, but I love you,” Rhodey says. “You’re there till tomorrow morning?”
This may be the first time Steve’s opened up without prompting, and Tony doesn’t miss what a big step that is.  But he does try to lighten the mood a little to get the look of sadness back off Steve’s face.
“You’re not a shitty person,” Steve says.  “I happen to know you’re a very non-shitty person.”
Bruce, Clint and Bucky are on the move.  Tony and Steve try to keep busy in New York.  It's not a great day for anyone.
“And you’ve got me in Switzerland,” Natasha consoles.  “I’ll do everything I can to bring him home.  To bring
Neither party will request, apply for, or in any way accept a direct supervisory relationship with the other.
“Bucky’s driving us to his nanna’s house,” Steve explains. “I lived there for a while, after my mom died. It’s the safest place we know.”
He lets go, looking reluctant as hell, as he moves back to his computer.
“You might want to consider Winter-Soldier-Proofing them,” Natasha suggests.
“You don’t have to stop.  You can talk about him,” Tony says with a shrug.  “I’m not going to stay up all night crying over it.”
You might even see them happen in the next fic in this universe!
He stands, and this time carries his duffel bag back to the center of the barn. He pulls out a gray hooded sweatshirt and holds it up.
Perfect.
It takes everything in Bruce to dig his fingers into his palm and concentrate on all the very valid reasons he doesn’t need to go green to protect Clint. Clint’s got this, even as the Other Guy is pointing out how Clint is small, and squishy and made of meat.
There’s a pause.  If Natasha and Clint are waiting for Steve to remind them that Avengers don’t target civilians they're going to be waiting for a long damn time.
“I’ll do that,” Steve promises.
“Decide to join the party?” Natasha asks.
“Since when has that ever stopped me?” Tony asks in return.
Pepper and Rhodey both look surprised.
And since he will never fess up to Tony that he’s been walking the mountainside humming Edelweiss for the last six weeks, it doesn’t matter.
Tony gets up off the couch to go freshen up.  He changes into more comfortable clothes, returns to the living room, wraps the blanket around himself like a burrito, and sits down at the table to wait.  The elevator dings and Steve walks in, carrying two cups of coffee and a giant grocery bag weighed heavy with food.
“I want to go,” Tony says.  “Now.”
him to his mansion. Basically, mansions did not factor into Steve’s thinking, ever.
“You murdered Tony’s parents,” Clint says.   “Brutally murdered.”
“You are way cooler than you should be,” Clint says.
“I suppose so. But for what it’s worth,” Bruce says, “When Dr. Wilkes posits that X-395 is fissionable by the introduction of ultra-fast proniating neutrons, he’s not accounting for the inelastic scattering of the proton energy field and
“Are you competitive enough for this to be a problem?” Steve asks.  He’s smiling, so Tony isn’t worried he’s annoyed.
Steve’s sat on the bed, doodling in his notebook.
“So where are we going?” Tony asks.
I know that this chapter is a rough one for Steve and Tony, and I just want to reassure y'all (if you're traumatized by all the Tony or Steve hate that floats around) that I love BOTH these characters, and I will take good care of them.  So in case you read the painful parts here and are wondering if I'll trash one of your boys, I won't!
“What? How?” He knows he’s babbling, but his brain refuses to make sense at the moment.
“It’s a bit too late for that.”
Natasha’s contribution quickly sets him straight.  “Whatever the hell that was just brought the rest of the statues to life, and they’re not friendly!”
Subject: PEPPER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
“Not to mention I literally broke you out of ice.”
“No,” he answers. He certainly hasn’t that shared much personal information with anyone since he’s woken up. “That makes a lot of sense.”
Fury nods, as if he expected this answer. “Good. Talk to Romanov. She worked for Stark a couple of years ago, so she should be able to tell you what to expect from him. She’ll also help you to set up your back story.”
“The two of you are headed to D.C., right?”
thing.  More to the point, how did Steve go about finding this particular image so quickly and placing it in context?  The man just saw
He spends a restless night trying to come up with potential lines of attack, but he’s no closer the following morning when a sharp rap sounds on his door and startles him out of his musings. He prays for it to be anyone else: a sales rep, a nosy neighbor, takeout delivered to the wrong house. But the universe is not that kind, and when he peers through the peephole, he’s greeted by the very face that, despite his best efforts, has never managed to clear his mind's eye.
“Usually? Yes. With Stark...maybe.”
Tony reaches for a pair of headphones that he’d set on the couch before Steve got here.  “Fair warning, it gets sort of loud in here.  You should be able to hear the audio through these.  You can also hear JARVIS through the earpieces, so if you have any questions feel free to ask him.  As for me, I’ve got to work.”
“I think the term they used was
“I’m glad to be of service, Agent Rogers.  That is, so long as your actions are in Sir’s best interest.”
And that…doesn’t make sense.  “Tony?”
He’d spent far too much time staring at that jawline to not recognize it, not to mention the fact that it’s Steve.  He knows how Steve moves.  He knows how he sounds.  He know how he thinks...or at least he thought he did.
When he lets go, Tony seems dazed and the slightest bit confused, but at least his confusion has stemmed from a more positive source this time around.  Steve takes advantage of Tony’s disorientation and snakes his arm around the back of the couch.  His hand is currently dangling a couple of inches beyond Tony’s right shoulder, but, if he’s lucky, he should be able to inch it closer over the course of the movie.  Slowly, though.  He’s pretty much used up his quota of luck for the night, and he doesn’t want to risk anything.
“Umm, because you’re smart and funny and great to be around?”  He tries to keep the flush out of his face, but he’s pretty sure he’s only partially successful.
“More than you think,” he answers back fondly.
“Go ahead and bring them both up on separate screens.   And show me the simulation results while you’re at it.”
“That’s not true.”
She’s died once — or as good as —  and she has absolutely no intention of repeating the experience.  The serum’s great, but she doubts that it can reconstitute ashes, so that means she going to have to jump.  She’s not really looking forward to the experience, but she’ll make it out okay.  Probably.  At any rate, it’s her best option.
“And how exactly do you suggest I do that?”
Stark into doing what’s right, not by beating him over the head with his responsibilities.  You pretty much just regurgitated the same lecture that’s Stark’s gotten over and over again for the past twenty years.  How did you think he’d react?”
“And it’s okay for me to go down?  Iron Man’s gone, right?”
“Okay, so I admittedly have limited experience with recovering technophobes, no offense – “
“It didn’t sound like it to me!”
Wow.  That’s…bold.  For lack of a better option, he decides to keep the response short.
After a brief pause, Steve gets his answer.  ”The thought is...not unpleasant.”
The image catches him off guard.  It’s Tony, but a much younger Tony than he’s ever seen.  The man in the picture can’t be older than 20, but he’s still got Tony’s signature smirk and cocky eyebrows.
but he does set the image as his phone’s lock screen.  It stays that way for a very long time.
“So, to recap,” he starts, “watch movies, note the weird things, talk to me.  Got it?”
CEO, Stark Industries (aka, the woman who’s technically your boss)
“I…” Steve starts, and Tony can hear the hesitation in his voice.  A week ago, he would’ve just told Steve to spit it out, get the word jumble out of his head; now, Tony can’t even begin to imagine what’s going on inside of that brain.
“I’m...adjusting.”
“JARVIS,” he yells, “force release,” and, to his ever-lasting relief, the leaden figure falls from his hands.
Somehow, Steve doubts that would go across well. He’s starting to get the impression that Stark has a bit of an attitude problem.
“Yeah, um, sure. JARVIS,” Natasha asks as she casts her eyes upwards, “how far out is my better half? He should
“Hop on.”
“Indeed,” JARVIS’ voice announces from speakers in the ceiling, “I am more than capable of responding to any inquiries you direct my way.”
He has absolutely no idea how to process that.
“No?” Fury queries. “Alright, what’s the name of one movie playing in theatres right now? Who won the Super Bowl last year? Who the fuck are the Kardashians and what the hell do they do?” After a few more moment of silence, Fury goes on. “Rogers, you wouldn’t last five minutes on an undercover op. A kid could probably make you in five minutes. You’re a good man and a hell of a soldier, but I can’t risk putting you to work until I know you won’t put anyone else in danger.”
“I don’t know,” Nat shoots back.  “But it’s freaking people out.  Our operatives can’t figure out how to stop these things, and we really don’t want whoever’s doing this getting to the war memorials.”
Something inside Tony cringes just a bit.  It’s true, but it’s not the
“But I do.  I really, really do.”  Funny thing is, she looks
“No!” he blurts, automatically.  No matter the crazy stunts he’s pulled in the past, he’d never stoop to using Steve as a publicity stunt, and it honestly kind of hurts that Steve would think it of him.  He mentally gathers himself and tries to explain.  "It's like this. I'm not looking forward to this one. People think they know me, and it's all games and gossip and little backstabbing remarks, and I just-- I'm sick of it. And you're my friend, and if I have to do this, I'd rather not go it alone. I'd rather have someone I actually like at my side. That's all. But I understand if you don't want to."
He turns to leave, and Tony gives him a slight nod before closing his door.  Once there’s a barrier between them again, he immediately slumps back against the door, his head softly banging against the wood.
And that, that’s rich, because Steph has many thoughts about
“We don’t know,” Maria responds over the line.  “Again, I want to stress that all of this information is very preliminary.  Reports for the fire department say it looks like the basement was some kind of makeshift lab, so it could be an enhanced human.  Alien or human, this thing’s powerful.”
she’s joking, but she’s just not sure.  She debates with herself for a moment, but she lets herself send off another text.
“I’m good at waiting,” he assures her, but her answering look is insultingly skeptical.
He lets go of Steve’s hand and starts wandering toward the statues along the side of the street.  Keeping his voice buoyant, he starts joking.  “Either way, I still don’t want a giant bronze Black Widow chasing me around.  Although, this guy seems to have done his fair share of damage.”  He gestures toward the rearing horse along the side of the path.  Why is a horse doing in Central Park?  What did the horse do to deserve a statue?  Did it buck off a rider?  Is there some general somewhere on the other side of the park sans horse? He grabs hold of the yellow caution tape enclosing the figure and hoists it over his head.
“And isn’t that lucky for you?!
“Excuse me?” Steve starts.
“Easy for you to say,” Clint answers.  “Not all of us have super strength!”
For a moment, he doesn’t understand exactly what’s going on, since he’s pretty sure the Iron Man suit are housed in the basement, but after a few seconds he hears the noise that sounds awfully like repulsor blasts.  The next moment, a section of the floor slides aside to reveal some sort of tunnel, and a flash of red whizzes by him and latches firmly onto Tony’s. Various other crimson and gold pieces follow, all buzzing by and attaching to some part of Tony; within seconds the other man is encased in the Iron Man suit, although he this one has a few upgrades he hasn’t seen before.
“JARVIS,” he calls, “have one of the interns bring down one of the StarkPhones that are about to go out for beta testing.”
“Nothing?”
, sending him sprawling back against the dark red duvet.  He fully expects Tony to follow him, to continue on the path that they were both so thoroughly enjoying, but he doesn’t.  Instead, he braces one hand on either side of his body, and stares down at Steve with an openness that he’s never seen from Tony before.
Steve pauses, thoughts whirling around inside of his head.  After a moment, he turns to look to Natasha.
“What?”
Stark smiles, but cautiously.  “If this works the way I think it will, the arc reactor could completely replace the hospital’s source of electricity.  If the power lines ever get cut off, they won’t have to rely on an external source of energy.  The hospital would be able to generate all of their electricity on site, in-house through an environmentally sustainable source.  And if it works for Mount Sinai, arc reactor technology could power other high-energy establishments.”
“Calling him Iron Man. Instead of his name.”
The casing surrounding the reactor is far too strong to shatter on overload, but the reinforced polymer doesn’t stop the sudden harsh glare from nearly blinding his eyes.  For a few seconds, the reactor burns white-hot, until it at last sputters out with a few last flickers.
Steve hates to deny the obvious, but he needs to hear her say it. “You’re him? He’s...This whole time, it’s been you?”
, Tony.  No power napping, no phone calls, and no secretly working on your StarkPad when you’re supposed to be resting.”
in it.”
Despite the complicated array of feelings that have passed through his head throughout the morning, Steve knows he still has to make amends with one more person, no matter how much his stomach churns at the thought.
Steve can’t help but answer honestly. “She’s easier to talk to then I imagined.”
Still, even the thought of asking Steve on this definitely-not-a-date is still fucking terrifying.  If Steve says no, he’s not exactly sure he can compartmentalize the rejection.  Worse still, what if Steve says yes out of some misplaced sense of duty, and he gets to taunt himself with the parody of what he’ll never have?
Tony snorts.  “Of course you were.”
The familiar voice rings from the ceiling.“I’m so sorry Ms. Stark, but Iron Man has been delayed. He’s asked me to tell you that he won’t be able to make it and you and the Captain should start without him.
Their adversary, though, seems to have one last surprise left in him.  He feels a brief hum of electricity, the precursor to a lord knows what, before the creature lets loose a giant wave of electric energy.
“How?”
“It’s a distinct possibility.”
“You’re…” Tasha pauses, struggling for the word, before finally shaking a stiletto in her direction.  “You.”
“That’s not what I – ” Tony starts, but he cuts himself off.  “Mmmmm.”
The answer pops in quickly.
“I’m not going to lie,” Stark continues.  “The technology’s expensive and it’s experimental, which is why most companies won’t take the risk.  It’s too much money to lay out for something that’s not a guaranteed certainty, even if they would save millions down the road.  But Mount Sinai’s unique in that it
“Thank you.  We think it’s beautiful as well.”  Still determined to proceed delicately, he continues speaking in a calm, rational tone.  “Ma’am, could you please stop making the statues move?  They don’t usually do that, and it’s making certain people very uncomfortable.”
his robot.
“Very well, Sir.”  Within a couple of seconds, JARVIS has the test results on the screen, but they still don’t make any sense!  How does the A-16, which has a higher electric load, still manage to underperform the A-9?  Maybe if he adjusted the…
Captain America perks at that.  “I understood that reference!”  Tony smiles back at him and looks almost…proud?  Bruce would really appreciate it if someone would explain what’s going on.
“Be that as it may,” Steve replies, “SHIELD is still our best deterrent if something like this occurs again.  Are you really going to leave them unequipped when the next catastrophe occurs?”
“I wasn’t.  We’d just done all that needed to be done, and there didn’t seem like a good reason to stay.”  Tony  maintains eye contact for a moment, looking like he’s on the verge of saying something, before turning away abruptly.  “So...pizza?  I’m feeling pizza right about now.”
“Iron Man should be here in just a second,” she assures him, apparently sensing his surprise. “He’s just finishing up some last-minute security checks for a meeting we have tomorrow.”
It’s immediately apparent when he hits 58th that something is wrong.  If the relentless flash of red and blue police lights didn’t make it clear enough, the parade of taxis zooming in the opposite direction makes the chaos waiting ahead self-evident.  Even the horse draw carriages that traditionally haunt the park are fleeing in the other way, the horses wide-eyed in fear.  He weaves through the onslaught of incoming traffic and speeds onward.
