He wanted everything. He wanted to flip Sherlock over and slide into him, fuck into him long and slow and deep; he wanted to swallow Sherlock’s cock until he couldn’t breathe, and let him come down his throat; he wanted to ride Sherlock until they were both breathless and dizzy and he came with a shout, clenching around Sherlock’s cock.
Despite his best efforts, John felt himself surfacing from the world of dreams. He sighed, blinking his eyes open and staring at the wall. He felt slightly queasy, as if the bed were shifting underneath him, so it took him a moment to realize why something seemed off. He wasn't staring at the slate blue wall of his room; rather, the wall was a vibrant shade of green.
“No, I didn’t mean...” Sherlock reached up and tugged one of the knots that had formed during the night out of his hair. For some reason, it felt important to get this out. “It never mattered to me in any… I never cared about this day before, because I never had any reason to celebrate it before.”
“Not in the slightest,” Sherlock huffed, not looking him in the eye.
John ached, for the thousandth time in his life, to cross over and run his hand through those messy curls, to tuck his nose into the back of Sherlock’s neck and just inhale, the way he did with Rosie when he needed to ground himself, to make himself feel like he was back home.
“A bit not good, yeah,” John said, glancing toward the others.
Mr. Hatayama nodded at John, and they both emptied box after box of cranes on top of the casket. There were nine hundred and forty-three.
The anxious feeling in Sherlock’s chest tightened. “Now that you know how limited my sexual experience is, and given your high sex drive, I’m sure that you realize I can’t be a fulfilling partner to you.”
Instead, he just stood there, hands on the side of the crib, watching her sleep.
They followed the flow of foot traffic over a bridge toward the park, passing dozens of restaurants and bars along the way. The park itself was smaller than John had imagined, but was just as he would have an imagined an old-time baseball park to look. It was old, very old, but seemed to have a lot of character to it.
“Erm…” he cleared his throat. “Why are you making the cranes? For decoration?”
“I hear there’s a lot of history in this area. Some kind of Path of Liberty, or something. I believe there’s even some kind of massacre involved.”
“And yet I said ‘could be dangerous,’ and here you are.”
Sherlock shifted slightly, and John bit his bottom lip, his heart starting to beat faster. Sherlock groaned, cracking one eye open and meeting John’s gaze.
The scene that greeted him was worse than he had feared. A rather burly man was standing over the limp form of Sherlock Holmes, whose hair was flung over his face. John could see that he’d been hit enough times to draw blood. The other man, who was slighter, shorter, and darker, yet somehow seemed like the more powerful of the two, was leaning against the wall and watching them with clinical disinterest.
for Sherlock in a way he’d never ached for anyone before.
Relief flooded through him, and John softened. “I know. Me either.” They’d both spent so long pretending, so long ignoring how they felt, that it was a tidal wave of emotion when they had finally set it free.
John frowned, not entirely sure how to respond to that.
As the door slammed behind him, John let out a huge breath he hadn’t realised he’d been holding. He pulled out his phone and dialed Sherlock’s number as he walked out of the classroom. It rang through to voicemail, so John dialed again, but Sherlock didn’t pick up.
After waiting a few more seconds, Sherlock opened the door to the pool, striding out and crossing the deck quickly. He paused at the door to the locker room, listening, before pushing it inward.
“John,” Sherlock said quietly.
The final piece of paper was still in his pocket.
Sherlock’s cock, now leaking slightly, was rubbing against John’s stomach. He pushed both palms against the headboard to allow John to thrust up harder.
John walked down the hallway, pausing at Sherlock’s door. It was cracked open, but there were no signs of life within. John glanced back down the hallway, wondering if Sherlock had gone out without him noticing, but his Belstaff was still hanging on its hook.
There was a kind of sickening lurch in John’s stomach. Mary. She’d let him think the child was his, but she had disappeared with the child once it had been born. All that he had left of her was a DNA test she’d left on his pillow, telling him that the baby wasn’t his.
He helped Sherlock sit down and draped his coat around him. He looked triumphant, despite the fact that his lips were tinged blue.
Sherlock took out his lock pick. It was midday on a Friday, and there were plenty of passersby on the busier streets on either side, but there were no people on their street.
They arrived on their floor and Sherlock led the way once again, opening the door to the room with customary flourish. Once inside, he didn’t even look around, dropping his carry-on bag and immediately taking out his phone, texting furiously.
“Donovan, go and see if the coroners are ready,” Lestrade said.
A man in a hazmat suit who’d been eavesdropping slinked back over. “Open and shut, then. Her beau died, so she killed herself.”
“Blast,” Sherlock said under his breath, his sharp eyes flicking over the man. “Welcome to London, sorry for the bother.”
After a few seconds, Sherlock looked up at him, apparently oblivious to John’s thoughts. “You do realize that the kettle is ready?” he prompted.
John went back into the kitchen and ladled some soup into one of the only clean mugs they had left, taking it back into the room.
,” he breathed.
…” Sherlock gasped.
“Mmph,” Sherlock said, a noise of ambivalence.
“John.” The tone of this ‘John,’ in comparison with the others, was soft, tender, his mouth curling around the word like a caress.
“How’re you feeling?” John ventured.
“So she did.” Sherlock grabbed his messenger bag from the seat next to him, holding his Belstaff over one arm. “That will make the ride a bit more enjoyable, to be sure.”
John drained his glass, tapping it once. “Another.”
, and you’re still pretending that there’s nothing? After you being dead, after Mary? After the tarmac, your overdose?"
“Anderson, don’t talk out loud, you lower the IQ of the entire street.” Sherlock was still examining the body, now with a small magnifying glass. “She didn’t die in the water. In fact, I don’t think she was ever in the river itself, as her coat isn’t drenched on the inside. The tide may have lapped around her body, but she was dumped here on the riverbank. John, are there any other causes of pulmonary edema other than drowning?”
The notes twirled downward from the swirling curtains, swelling and fading in turns. It was a plaintive piece, achingly beautiful, and it twisted deep in John’s gut. He suddenly felt lonelier than he’d ever felt in his life, just listening from afar.
Mrs. Hudson reappeared, holding her Christmas pudding.
He raked his hand through his hair, trying to shake off the strange feeling he’d had about the entire encounter. Why was the man asking people to spy on Sherlock? Was he somehow involved in a case Sherlock had been investigating?
“I, god, Sherlock...”
“Right, I just...I need a moment to, um, figure out what I’m going to do.” Sherlock turned, walking away from the camera.
“When you weren’t here, I wished I had actually jumped off the roof,” he said, his voice quiet, careful, incongruous with the violence of the statement.
Sherlock’s lifeless body on the ground in Magnussen’s office, his lifeblood seeping out onto his white shirt.
, even for only two nights–with a living room, a fireplace, floor to ceiling windows on one side… and a California king-sized bed.
John pressed his thumb and forefinger to his eyes, trying to stop the spinning in his head.
“Hey, you can’t do that,” Larry said, trying to grab the papers back.
“Bugger off,” John muttered, squeezing his eyes more tightly shut.
“Oh,” John said, hesitating slightly before he followed. “I am studying law on scholarship. Dad did want Harry to be a barrister. Dropped out, though. The drinking didn’t help.”
With a surety he hadn’t known he possessed, John had curled his hands into the lapels of Sherlock’s coat, pushing him back into the door and kissing him deeply. Sherlock had melted into his embrace, and it had felt like something had clicked into place. They’d ended up in bed together, Sherlock begging for all of John, and John giving everything of himself gladly.
John exhaled, feeling a stab of relief. “Sherlock, you need to wake up." He cupped Sherlock’s face and looked into his eyes to check the pupils. Sherlock looked up at him sleepily, and John froze, realizing that he was hovering only inches from his face—close enough that they could easily kiss.
“No, I,” Sherlock cleared his throat, leaning back a bit so that he could see John's face. “I usually only care about this day because there’s always a lot of murders. Jilted lovers, envious ex-mistresses,
, maybe multiple someones. And you’re under some kind of ridiculous presumption that you will become a barrister and be able to get his sentence reduced? Is that it?”
Sherlock looked like, for once in his life, he had no idea what to think or say. Instead, he reached up and ran his thumb over John’s bottom lip.
“A-anything?” Sherlock stuttered.
“How should I… initiate sex, then? If not verbally?”
“Turn over,” John ordered. “Hands and knees.” Sherlock did as he was told immediately.
Sherlock opened his eye as requested, but John immediately regretted the suggestion. For a moment, Sherlock simply looked at him, his lips pressed together. “You’re a doctor,” he said simply.
“Sorry?” John said, sitting up straighter in his chair as the entire class tittered amusedly. The professor must have made more than one attempt to get his attention.
Finally, some of you might remember that John originally thought Moriarty was a student. I decided to change that detail for plot purposes. Sorry for the confusion.
“I extended the reservation for an extra day,” Sherlock said breathlessly.
“Thanks, that clears it all up,” John rubbed his eyes, standing up. “Unlike
Sherlock shrugged again. “It’s possible that she’s hoping Molly and Greg will finally have the nerve to…you know.”
Sherlock whined, his fingers digging harder into John’s chest, and John felt like there was no oxygen left in his brain because he was kissing Sherlock.
The mistletoe appeared a few days before Christmas.
The stranger held out a gloved hand. “Sherlock Holmes. I study chemistry, though possibly not for long.”
Sherlock just moved faster, eyes boring into John, and John came, shouting Sherlock’s name, clenching his fist in his hair.
John was starting to drift off when the clock in the hall clanged twelve times.
the one who had been leaning against the wall
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “About how Carl died,” he said, as if they had been having a full conversation about this and John hadn’t been able to keep up.
John forced himself to meet Sherlock’s eyes again, because watching that mouth was too dangerous. “Okay, rule one about friendship—just because you can deduce all of those things about someone doesn’t mean you have to say them aloud. Friends don’t pick at their friends’ wounds until they bleed, Sherlock.”
“John.” This ‘John’ was a more derisive one.
“Well, hello,” she said, her eyes falling on John.
John took the long way home from the surgery, walking through Regent’s Park. Halfway there, the rain began to fall, leaves dipping toward the ground as they grew heavy with drops. John shook out his umbrella and put it up, sliding his other hand in his jacket pocket.
Sherlock simply raised his eyebrows, and John’s frown deepened. “Guessing that’s a ‘no’ then. Can I still
Sherlock’s lips, which he’d imagined tasting a thousand times, were as plush as they looked, parting underneath John’s tongue easily. John sipped at his bottom lip, losing himself more second by second.
“You want?” John asked, his voice soft.
Making a sound of encouragement, John pulled him closer, nipping Sherlock’s bottom lip as he trailed his hand down Sherlock’s sternum. Sherlock threw his leg over John’s hip, and John groaned, sliding his hand down Sherlock’s stomach, pushing Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms down to free his cock.
Sherlock swallowed hard, trying to keep his eyes shut, but he couldn’t help but peek. He looked down to see John bobbing up and down on his cock with relish, which had to be one of the most fantastic things he had ever seen.
“It’s all right,” John said, unable to think of anything else to say. He rested his forehead against Sherlock’s, and Sherlock sighed.
“What?” Molly frowned, her Christmas jumper slightly off one shoulder.
Sherlock frowned. “I—”
Sherlock sighed, starting to focus the microscope. “Pity, we could have split the fee. Think it through next time.”
“What about my shoes?” John felt completely exposed, and he didn’t like it. He crossed his arms over his chest.
“Wow.” John’s eyes danced with mirth. “You’re such a sap. I had no idea.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll never let you leave me again,” he whispered into his skin.
Sherlock furrowed his brow. “They are obviously going to destroy the trainers, and they have erased all other traces of the murder. They need another method of
After a moment, John realized that Sherlock was truly worried about not living up to John’s expectations. The notion that Sherlock could be anything other than exactly what John wanted was so ridiculous that John felt the last of his own reservations melting away, and affection bloomed in his chest anew.
“Well, that’s getting a bit scary now,” Sherlock said, his mouth twitching.
He’d never told anyone, not even Harry, that he was bisexual. In his teens he’d had a few fumbling encounters with his mate Pete from his rugby team, but by tacit agreement, both of them had kept it a secret. John hadn’t been sure whether it was just a phase (it wasn’t) and because Pete had been dating the most beautiful girl in the school (officially, anyway), John had never really thought about trying to test the waters thoroughly in that area, mostly because he knew exactly how his family would react. When Harry came out as gay around the time she had dropped out of uni, he’d become the golden child: the one who would be a barrister, then get married and provide grandchildren. There had always been plenty of girls, too, which had been…easier.
Sherlock raised his eyebrow. “Most young female suicides occur in the home, slit wrists or pills. Or even carbon monoxide poisoning. No one kills themselves by inhaling chlorine gas. It was murder, and it's definitely connected with Carl Powers. A serial killer, and an arrogant one, it’s like Christmas,” he said, almost gleefully.
John felt his cheeks burn, just a bit. “Ulterior motive?” he managed.
He felt John peel the waistband of his pants down, just enough that he could free his cock, which was a huge relief. For a moment, nothing else happened, and Sherlock squirmed a little, and then John blew directly on the tip. Sherlock moaned, and when John enveloped the head with his mouth, he arched upward, just a bit, but John held him down with his forearm over his hips. He slid all the way down once, twice, before finding a faster rhythm.
He shrugged and stood up to put the kettle on. As he waited for it to boil he looked out the window at the lightening sky. Nothing had changed, yet for some reason, for the first time in over a year, he didn’t hate seeing the sun rise.
“Which is it?” Sherlock said, his voice reaching a lower register. John realized was having trouble breathing.
“John,” he gasped.
“Bee.” He took it out of the crib and handed it to her.
.” Sherlock worried his lip again, looking up at him with eyes like the sea after a storm.
bumped into
“Well. There’s one thing
By now, they were starting to cause quite a stir. Security personnel were coming down the aisles to meet them as Sherlock hauled Larry up to where John and the two men were standing.
“Everything all right, dears?” Mrs. Hudson’s voice called up the stairs. “Having a domestic?”
“That was truly brilliant, what you did today. Figuring out what really killed her. Alexia, she…” John cleared his throat, unable to find the words to finish the sentence.
“He must have gone another way. I was so certain he’d take a cab so as to be harder to follow…” Sherlock muttered to himself, running his hand through his hair and pacing back and forth.
“Maybe he just felt like treating us.” Sherlock shrugged as they walked in, his face inscrutable.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” John managed to say.
“Do I…what?” John said, trying to keep his composure.
John cleared his throat, looking up at her over the chart. “Who made the cranes?” he asked.
Sighing in exasperation, he looked down the street just as the sedan turned around the corner.
But they weren’t like that. Even after all this time, after seven years, they still weren’t
John felt as though he’d stopped breathing, and his head was spinning.
This was the part where one was supposed to lose oneself, wasn’t it? This was the part where he was supposed to give in to sensation, according to everything he had ever heard. But he couldn’t. He was too focused on every single movement, every brush of lips, of fingers; too focused on John’s beating heart. John Watson was on top of him,
“John,” Sherlock gasped again. “I–I need…”
When John got back into the flat, it appeared as though Sherlock hadn't moved. Rolling his eyes, John headed into the loo and turned on the shower. He took a little more time getting ready than usual, shaving closely, putting on aftershave and a little product in his hair. He went upstairs and put on the jeans that Sherlock had made him wear once to “distract” a bartender at a gay club for a case, and had been sitting in the back of his closet ever since. He also pulled on is nicest white button down, with a dark green jumper over it.
As soon as the thought crossed his mind, Sherlock shifted slightly against him, and John froze.
“Better?” John said once the last of the tremors subsided.
A few days went by. John had the cashmere jumper cleaned and left it next to his door, and every time he walked by, he paused momentarily but didn’t take it with him.
John reached out to card his hand through Sherlock’s hair, massaging his head, as he’d wanted to do so badly the other day.
“Hey, hey,” John pulled him closer so that Sherlock was nestled into his neck, and Sherlock wrapped himself around John completely. For a while, they just lay there, holding each other, and Sherlock listened to John’s heart beating in his chest.
“Bugger off,” Sherlock muttered without opening his eyes.
Mycroft tilted his head, his eyes sweeping down John’s body.
John had essentially resigned himself to having “everything but”— that is, everything he would want in a relationship, other than kissing and sex. In every other way, Sherlock was his partner. He had come so close to losing him three different times that he was afraid to ask for more. He’d watched Sherlock die, he’d married someone else, he'd watched him march off to certain death. The thought of not having Sherlock in his life made him ache deep down, like the chasm of grief he’d felt after Sherlock had jumped. That fear was illogical, he knew, yet he couldn’t risk losing Sherlock again.
Sherlock blinked at him a few times. “What?” he asked.
“Or I could lick your arse with my tongue,” John whispered, stroking up and rubbing his thumb over the head of Sherlock’s cock. “Until your cock is so hard that you beg me to touch it, to let you come."
“It might take some getting used to, for both of us, but…” John trailed off, licking his lips. “That’s something I’m willing to do, with you."
“Shhh,” Sherlock hushed him, for the second time that day, but this time was so different that it was as if lifetimes had separated them, because this time, he leaned in to kiss John as he did it.
John felt his jaw clench slightly. “Someone you don't want to mess with.”
“I was the one who made the reservations, not Mycroft.”
“Why?”
John’s mouth twitched in derision. “What, then?”
“And what’s that?”
... they were eye to eye.
“I meant that I can’t take…”
They were waiting to board the plane at Heathrow less than four hours later, and Sherlock was… well… chipper. There was no other word for it. He had an honest-to-god bounce to his step.
John’s eyes had adjusted to the dark enough that he could see Sherlock’s wide eyes, his hair tumbling over his forehead.
“Do you have a date this evening, John?” Mycroft interrupted.
Sherlock met his gaze, and the intensity of feeling he saw there—the love, he knew now—almost knocked John backwards.
Without all the colored cranes, it was just the same as all the other rooms in the hospital. Harry’s cajoling had done nothing, and neither had Mr. Hatayama’s pleading. But being in this room made him feel ashamed of giving up, and of the drinking. Everything.
Sherlock looked sheepish. “I… um.”
He set his drink down, pausing the recording as he stood up and walked over to the foyer. John closed his eyes with his hand on the door, then opened it.
, John. For god’s sake, please try to keep up.”
“I didn’t even realize I was doing it. You have to understand, John. My brain is like a rocket trapped on the launchpad, constantly straining for challenge, and with the murderer still missing...” he trailed off, biting his lip again. John wanted nothing more than to taste that lip, to feel it between his own teeth.
Sherlock brought John’s hand to his lips, kissing his palm, a gesture so tender that John couldn’t quite breathe.
After contemplating the paper for a moment longer, Sherlock sighed, pocketing it.
John clenched his teeth. “Sherlock, they’re murderers.”
He wasn’t afraid anymore, not even a little bit. It was time to jump off the edge, to finally just go all in. “I want you, Sherlock. I…”—
He’d seen Sherlock’s body before, of course, but it was nothing like this. This time, he was allowed to look as long as he wanted, to let the lust show through in his expression, unguarded.
John blinked his eyes open to sunlight streaming into the bedroom and his head resting against the headboard at an awkward angle. He glanced down to see that Sherlock’s head was half-resting on his chest, and he was breathing evenly, his arm flung over John’s waist.
“Do I ejaculate when I masturbate? Yes, John, I do,” Sherlock snapped, and it came out sounding waspish.
“Okay.” John paused, licking his bottom lip quickly. “Do you… did you enjoy it, though? The kissing and… everything?”
“Don’t go to sleep,” John said, poking him gently.
“I love you, John Watson,” Sherlock whispered against his lips. “I will love you until the day I close my eyes forever. I want to be with you, in mind, in body, in whatever way you want to be with me. I’m tired of pretending otherwise.”
John raised an eyebrow at him. “The Freedom Trail? You mean the Freedom Trail.”
“S—Stop,” John managed to choke out.
, Donovan,” Lestrade snapped. “Coroner. Now."
Sherlock sighed, settling into the warm water, while John grabbed a washcloth and some soap. He sat on the side of the tub, soaping the cloth, but when he saw Sherlock’s back, he froze.
The softness of Sherlock’s skin against his as they shook hands on tarmac next to a learjet, his body still and calm, his mind screaming
"Instead of Chinese and whatever inane programme you were planning on subjecting me to tomorrow night, I would like for us to go out to dinner. Together."
He squeezed the lube into his hand, and leaned down to stroke their cocks at the same time, coating them both. Then he held them together as he started thrusting. Sherlock moaned loudly, wrapping his legs around John’s hips, his thin body holding surprising power.
“Anthea booked us in first class, apparently,” he said instead, looking at the ticket.
He felt John turn his head slightly to look over at the window. “So it is,” he said, his voice soft.
It was incredibly endearing, and John simultaneously wanted to kiss Sherlock awake, and also punch him. He couldn’t help wondering how had he gone this long without knowing that Sherlock snored. Though, to be fair, he hardly ever saw Sherlock sleeping. When Sherlock slept in his room, he always had the door closed, so it was possible that John had just never heard him. And that time in Baskerville… Sherlock had hardly slept, and when he had, it had been in the comfy chair in the room, sitting up.
This was really not the time to get a hard-on.
That day, he had been wandering the city, finding any excuse not to go back to the small bedsit, avoiding the gun in his desk drawer. There had been nothing, no one, waiting for him...only grey, endless days stretching toward the horizon.
Sherlock would never describe himself as a romantic.
After Greg left, John walked straight over to his cabinet and poured himself three fingers of scotch. He drank it all in one gulp, then poured another.
John’s eyebrows shot up. “Now?”
Eventually he straightened up, turned on his heel, and walked back down the hall and into her room.
John smiled, stroking him as he asked, and kissed him deeply, with purpose, the way he imagined he’d kiss him every day for the rest of their lives.
,” Sherlock said, looking back at the building as if it had personally offended him. “All this time, he was hiding in plain sight.”
“Yeah.”
John brought one of the chairs from the kitchen into the room, sitting next to Sherlock’s bedside. Sherlock seemed to drop into a doze almost immediately. John brought a book into the room so that he could read as he sat vigil.
Sherlock seemed undeterred. He grabbed a fire escape ladder on the building behind them and pulled it down, scrambling up it nimbly.
Eventually, the first pitch was thrown, and the game started in earnest.
John pressed his lips together. He nodded, once.
He grinned, turning over to look at Sherlock, who was still naked from their activities the night before–and in the middle of the night–and was smiling in his sleep.
“I know
John flushed, realizing that must have been part of the reading that he’d been unable to finish the night before, as he was taking care of a certain posh chemistry student. “I, er… I think it was… good?”
“A bloody Casanova, this one,” John chuckled, standing up.
“So, Mr. Watson,” Moriarty said, gathering up his papers as he spoke. “I sincerely hope that you will not be late again. Otherwise, there may be repercussions.”
John bit his lip and averted his eyes, hoping that Sherlock hadn’t noticed him staring.
Sherlock nudged John’s shirt up his chest, and John sat up a bit to help him take it off. Sherlock started kissing down his torso, a bit at a time, teasing each of his nipples with his tongue. He nipped at the vee of John’s hip, leading downward until John’s whole body was on fire.
“Hmm?” John made himself meet Sherlock’s gaze, realizing how close together they were standing. Sherlock’s eyes were wide, and just a bit darker than usual.
At first John thought it had all been a dream.
Sherlock tugged his scarf a bit, loosening it. “Erm. I suppose we could… see the… sights?”
But there was time for all that. There would be time, in the future.
There should be fireworks or a national parade for this sort of revelation instead of this: two people having a conversation in the dying light of an April evening, prompted by almost nothing, but almost a decade too late.
Sherlock was unbelievably overwhelmed with sensation, but he still couldn’t seem to come.
and return to him again. He hadn’t known that Sherlock was going willingly to his death.
“I don’t, it’s all for me,” John said, smiling, though it felt more like a grimace.
More than an hour went by this way, until eventually Sherlock turned to look at him. “Why do you do it?” he asked.
“The nurse says it’s the end,” Mr. Hatayama said, his eyes deadened.
Sherlock tucked his head into John’s neck, and John wrapped his arms and legs around Sherlock’s cold body. Sherlock was still shivering uncontrollably, and it was a long while before he stopped shaking.
John had said the word love. He hadn’t imagined it, had he?
, John,” Sherlock said in exasperation. “Where is it? Did she eat it?”
“Squeeze your thighs together,” John gasped, starting to thrust forward. He was kissing Sherlock’s shoulders and neck all the while, his scruffy beard surely leaving marks on Sherlock’s body.
“Told you the scotch was a bad idea,” Sherlock said.
The whole Magnussen ordeal had changed that. The way Sherlock had looked at him right before he’d pulled the trigger had given him a glimmer of hope, despite the fact that it was paired with deep despair. On the tarmac, John had held Sherlock’s bare hand for what felt like the last time, and he’d had to physically stop himself from pulling Sherlock into a kiss right then and there.
There were criss-crossed white lines up and down his back, dozens of them. There was no mistaking what they were. John hadn’t seen someone being tortured firsthand, but he knew what whip marks looked like.
John poked his head in. “Client?” he asked.
During the eighth inning, Sherlock watched the section with more fervor than before. John tried to watch too, though again, he had no idea what he was looking for.
He reached down to bring both their cocks together, and started to thrust upward harder, leaning down to kiss John again.
“What changed your mind?”
“Are you fucking kidding me?” John blurted out, grabbing his phone. “
John walked back into the room, having disposed of the towel, and stood by the bed, carding his hand through Sherlock’s hair.
“Oh my god,” John breathed.
“I deserved that reaction,” Sherlock said simply.
, holding it out as if it were an extreme inconvenience. “I accept your apology,” he said imperiously.
0 cranes
“Oh.” Greg had had his eye on Molly for what felt like eons, but he still hadn’t asked her out, despite the fact that his divorce had been final for some time.
Neither of them moved for a long moment. Sherlock wanted it to last as long as possible: this feeling of John inside of him, the feeling of being joined, John’s breath hot against his neck.
“Oh, thank you, John, I need a couple more things,” she said, grabbing a pad and scribbling a few items down. “Here,” she said, handing it to him with a wink.
Sherlock leaned back, his eyes dark, hair disheveled, and John was overwhelmed with arousal, deeper than he’d felt in about twenty years.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock said, appearing in the doorway to the kitchen, scowling. “What are you doing here?”
There was a ringing in John’s ears. Sherlock was looking at him in surprise, his mouth opening and closing like a fish. His normal bravado had been punctured like a balloon.
“No,” he lied.
Sherlock looked at him sharply, a note of concern in his eyes.
“Getting drunk on a six hour red eye flight is highly inadvisable,” Sherlock muttered, his eyes already closed.
“I…” Sherlock pressed his lips together, looking off-kilter, the way he did when he wasn’t sure what he should do in a particular situation.
Sherlock opened his eyes, but he kept his gaze forward. “It happened not long before I returned, and once I was back, it didn’t seem… relevant.”
“Yeah,” John admitted, feeling his face flush a little.
“Thank you for your medical diagnosis. Now you know everything. You can leave.”
Sherlock sunk his teeth into his bottom lip, his gaze dipping to John’s mouth. “Maybe we can try that next. But not here.”
Sherlock watched the snowflakes fluttering down, the blissful silence of a winter’s day interrupted only by the sound of John breathing. He didn’t shy away from any of it. The only thing he felt was an overwhelming sense of contentment.
John, on the other hand, was a romantic through and through. Despite the fact that they had become a couple in the early fall, John had decided that the day that they had met was their “true” anniversary. On January 29th he had filled the lab in St. Bart’s with candles, and he’d brought takeout from their favorite Chinese restaurant. Later, he’d “given” Sherlock a corpse who had died of a mysterious illness as an anniversary gift (it had really been a murder by the ex-wife, of course). Then he’d proceeded to shag Sherlock senseless when they’d come home. It had been… acceptable.
Smiling broadly, John closed his eyes as he pressed his lips to Sherlock’s once more.
“Sherlock?” John whispered, nudging Sherlock’s shoulder gently, but not enough to worsen the concussion. Sherlock didn’t budge.
John blew all the air out of his lungs, pressing his hands to his eyes so hard that he saw stars.
Sherlock’s face was still full of anxiety, so John pushed himself up and stood, holding out his hand.
“In a minute,” Sherlock said.
“Don’t know.” Sherlock struggled to sit up against the wall. Purplish bruises were already coloring the pale skin on his cheeks.
John’s stomach clenched. Shock surged through him, then anger followed close on its coattails, then grief so deep that it felt like his head was being split in half. Suddenly he was in the parking lot of Bart’s all over again, watching Sherlock fall to his death, seeing the glassy, deadened look in his eyes. Pale skin stained with blood, and no pulse in his wrist.
Sherlock’s expression was one of faint hope and tight anxiety, his hands stuffed in his pockets. Otherwise, he looked just as he always had, right down to the tailored suit under his Belstaff.
“I’ve deleted extraneous details such as the ones you were inquiring about because they are inconsequential. It’s not because of a concussion.” Sherlock opened his eyes and looked up at him in annoyance. Those sharp and inquisitive eyes were slightly dulled and he was squinting up at him as if the dark light in the alley were too bright.
“What?” Sherlock asked.
He turned over, and was immediately greeted with the sight of John’s relaxed face, his blond eyelashes fluttering over his cheeks. Sherlock watched him for a few minutes, enjoying the rare peacefulness that never lasted for them. Eventually, trying not to wake John, he carefully slid down the bed so that he could nestle his head under John’s chin, sliding his arm over John’s waist. He tangled their feet together for good measure.
At first, that’s all it was; a press of lips, John’s heart pounding, and then Sherlock cupped John’s cheek in his hand, tilting his head and parting his mouth to let John in.
John sighed, rubbing his eyes with one hand. He had put up so many carefully constructed barriers, had divided his life up into so many tiny pieces and put them all in boxes and stuffed them far back in his mind, that he hardly remembered anything anymore. This one little girl was ripping all of his wounds open again, but instead of running in the opposite direction, he stayed and let it happen.
John narrowed his eyes at the slur, his hands clenching into fists. “And has the lesson been delivered to your satisfaction?”
“I, um.” Sherlock panted.
“Well, then.” Lestrade stood up from his seat, straightening his tweed coat with mock-flourish.
Sherlock huffed a laugh, and John giggled along with him, until they were both giggling as if they were teenagers snogging on the couch for the first time.
, this time for good.
“I-implicitly,” Sherlock said, his breaths coming shorter, more quickly.
John chuckled, moving his hips a bit to brush their cocks against each other, making Sherlock inhale sharply. “You bad, bad man,” John said happily.
For a long, unbearable moment, John simply looked stunned. But after an interminable several seconds, his face morphed into a softer, less defined emotion, one that was still a little hard for Sherlock to place. John reached out and took his hand, so gently that Sherlock felt his heart was going to burst.
“Not,” Sherlock slurred, his eyes closed.
“Oh come off it,” John said, jogging to catch up with him. “Let’s do it. It sounds fun, actually.” He took out his phone, googling a map of the Trail.
Once their gazes met, John took a long breath. “Do you… do you want to have sex? Because we don’t have to. You were so enthusiastic… I mean, you were the one who kissed me first… and then… I mean. I just thought. I thought you wanted to, but some people don’t like having sex. I don’t want to do anything you don’t want to do.”
“Thanks.” John was sure that his smile was a little tighter, and Sherlock must have noticed.
Sherlock still didn’t say anything, so John sighed. Taking a long sip of his own tea, he put it down and walked toward the door.
“Oh you have got to be
John let out a deep sigh, but tried not to move too much in case Sherlock could feel the fledgling erection in his jeans.
“Okay, you’re officially talking nonsense. How many fingers am I holding up?"
,” Sherlock breathed, feeling a flush rise on his face. It was almost embarrassing, how much he wanted John, but he didn’t care.
John rubbed the back of his neck. That wasn’t untrue; he had been working for about thirty hours straight and hadn’t been off his feet the entire time. He still had to do that consult, but it would keep for another ten minutes.
John’s heart felt like it was going to burst, so he kissed Sherlock again, lightly. It felt like a promise for the future, a wish fulfilled.
“I just…I had completely forgotten about the bloody party,” John grumbled.
“I can’t stay long,” Mycroft added. “Pressing affairs of state. The president-elect of America is about to announce his chief of staff, who is definitely being paid off by Putin. They aren’t even trying to hide it. This, of course, after his first three picks, who were far worse, turned him down. The man is like a plague.”
“We’re fine, Mrs. Hudson,” John called back, forcing his tone to be light. “Sherlock’s just being... Sherlock. You know how it is.”
“I’ll wash myself,” Sherlock interrupted, breaking the gaze and holding out his hand for the soap and cloth.
John moved a little closer. “Sherlock,” he said more loudly, shaking Sherlock’s shoulder a bit.
“Of course it was. It was extraordinary, quite extraordinary.”
“You’re not dying, Sherlock. That happened months ago.”
.” Sherlock’s voice was so quiet, so unsure.
John bit his lip, trying to change the subject. “I’ll make some tea. Milk?”
Then he’d run into Mike, and Sherlock had swept into his life, a hurricane of wool coat and dark hair and quick words that cut deep, and John had been smitten within the first two hours.
“Sherlock?”
John just grinned, and the smile lit up his entire face, his entire being. Sherlock wanted to file that smile in his mind palace and remember it forever, because he had never seen John Watson smile like that.
This went on for what felt like an age, John rubbing their cocks together and nipping and sucking along Sherlock’s neck. It was torturous pleasure, and Sherlock was getting dizzy again.
A shiver ran down Sherlock’s spine. “I…”
John had moved back into his room upstairs with Rosie, and everything fell back into a predictable pattern. Cases, John, Rosie, cases. Sherlock felt more content, more whole, than he had in years. If he was being honest with himself, what he was feeling was happiness; a happiness he hadn't known since before the Fall.
Trying to keep some semblance of composure, John walked out of the bathroom. He closed the door behind himself, leaning back against it and closing his eyes. There was a tightness in his chest, not that different than what he’d felt on the day Sherlock had left him standing on the tarmac. Back then he’d had a tiny sliver of hope that Sherlock would pull a
“Let me know when you’re done, I’ll help you out. I’ll go change your sheets,” he said, standing up.
Sherlock shook his head, once. He looked so young, so hopeful, and John took the one step toward him that he had been waiting six years to take.
Sherlock’s mouth twisted slightly as he leaned against the kitchen table, which seemed to serve as more of a labtop and desk than an eating space. “Something of that nature. Victor would probably prefer some other tiresome delineation, however.”
“I just… I want to warn you. I’ve… never done this before. You must know that, or at least you have suspected.”
“No,” Sherlock interrupted. “No, I… want to. I just… I had given up hope. That I could have that with you. I didn’t…” he cut himself off, pressing his lips to John’s again, and John could feel his yearning through his kiss.
Sherlock laughed, and John grinned, leaning down to kiss him deeply, wondering if he could possibly get any happier than he was in that moment.
John's heart pounded in his ears. “I meant figuratively, but…let's come back to that.”
“Morning breath,” Sherlock murmured, eyes opening.
“Come for me, c’mon,” John panted, reaching down to stroke Sherlock’s cock in time with his thrusts.
(See the end of the chapter for
Once Sherlock collapsed back onto the bed, panting, eyes half closed, John thrust into his fist a few more times, and then he was coming too, biting down on the crook of Sherlock’s neck, his vision whiting out with the force of it.
“No,” John said, his lips curling upward again.
John stared him down, trying to decide what to say. “I don’t have one. I barely know him.”
“John,” he heard from behind him.
John’s mouth was dry, and he couldn’t seem to find any words. He blinked, then blinked again, trying to process this information, but it didn’t seem to be sticking in his brain.
John blinked once in surprise, watching him warily. So it was a threat, then; Moriarty knew he had been at the pool.
“Professor Jim Moriarty. Hi,” the man said, in the same singsong voice, waving at John with just his fingers. “Your name please?”
“Ahhh.” Sherlock arched upward, curling all his limbs around John. It was truly incomparable, the feeling of being filled with John. It would never be enough, he’d always want more.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m right here,” John said. “I’m not going anywhere.”
“Who said I want one?” Sherlock said as John handed over the money and his ID.
“L-look,” Sherlock chattered, refusing to let go of the object in his grasp. “Case.”
Sherlock shrugged, just a subtle roll of his shoulders. “Did he offer you money to spy on me?”
Sherlock didn’t move or otherwise acknowledge the fact that John had been sleeping on him.
“Did you take it?”
“S’fine,” John said, pulling Sherlock closer and kissing his temple.
“Wait, wait stop,” John said, pushing him back gently
At first the kiss was close-lipped, but Sherlock tilted his head, leaning into it. There was a surprising click of teeth, but then John took control, licking into Sherlock’s mouth. He tasted of spices and wine, his lips lush and soft. Sherlock kissed him eagerly, as though he were out of practice (which he probably was), and with a hunger John shared on a visceral, primal level. He felt like he was hyperventilating, because waiting to kiss the love of your life for seven years was far too long.
135 cranes
One day in early summer, John was walking through the ward on his way to a consult when he passed by a private room. The walls were the same sterile shade of grey as the rest of the patient rooms in the hospital, but this room was vibrant with color despite that. The afternoon sunlight filtered in through hundreds of pieces of colored paper that were strung up on the ceiling. John stepped in, looking up, and when he was directly underneath them, he could see that they were origami paper cranes.
The man’s smile widened impossibly further. “John Watson. I won’t be forgetting that name anytime soon.”
, it wasn’t as if he had never done this before.
The silence lengthened as John’s gaze slid down to Sherlock’s lips.
John opened his mouth to say something else, but it wasn’t worth it. Instead, he clenched his fists, turning around and starting back down the steps.
? He was a champion swimmer, and he trained here with the local team three times a week despite the rigorous course load he was taking. He was getting top marks, and was on track to graduate in the top of the class.”
John was about to ask what that meant when there was a knock on the door, and an older woman—Mrs. Hudson, presumably—came in holding a tea tray.
Sherlock sunk all the way down again, swallowing around him.
Shaking his head in mock chagrin, Lestrade released John’s hand and lead them toward the riverbank. “Female, early twenties. No phone or ID found on the body, so for now she’s Jane Doe. It appears to be a suicide, and Anderson has already ruled the cause of death to be drowning.”
John winced, feeling dry-mouthed and jet-lagged, and extremely annoyed. He pulled the pillow more soundly over his head.
“Bags here yet?” John asked.
“An enemy,” John clarified.
“I’m going to the shops to pick up some more wine,” he called over his shoulder.
, let alone spoken to. And Sherlock had just made it clear that he dated men, and that he was single.
He was looking at John with such unaffectedly earnest expression that John felt a tug in his chest. Sherlock cared enough about John to remember extraneous details about his life, enough to apologize when it obviously didn’t come naturally to him, enough to be worried that John wouldn’t forgive him.
Sherlock glared at him, but John just raised his eyebrows.
“Hot dogs are also required at baseball games, according to Virginia,” John interrupted, handing one to Sherlock.
“You seemed to be pretty good at it last night,” John said, cracking a smile. “In fact, I seem to remember us both coming in our pants, not all the way in the door. I haven’t done that since I was a teenager.”
Sherlock closed his eyes again. “John, you have an oral argument this morning which you still have to finish preparing for. You should go.”
Lestrade nodded, taking out his phone and walking a short distance away to place a call.
Harry didn’t say anything for a long moment, looking at the crane. “What does it mean?”
“What,” he said hoarsely. His head was pounding, his throat was parched, and his neck was unbelievably stiff. It took him a moment to realize that he was sitting against his front door. He apparently hadn’t even made it inside his flat the night before, but he couldn’t remember why. His gaze fell on a paper bag next to him, which seemed to contain a mostly empty bottle of something.
The front door was unlocked, as it usually was when Sherlock was home, and John took the steps up to the flat two-time. “Sherlock,” he called out, putting his jacket up on its hook. He could hear Sherlock talking to someone in the next room.
“Please, call me Ken,” Mr. Hatayama interrupted.
Sherlock pulled the back door open quickly, but the taxi didn’t hold the burly-looking man from the alley. Instead, it was a middle-aged man who looked utterly confused.
Sherlock rolled over and pressed himself into John, tucking his head into John’s neck. John trailed his fingertips down Sherlock's back, letting his eyes drift closed.
“So... you want me to seduce you, Sherlock Holmes?” John asked, whispering directly in his ear.
John blew out a deep breath, looking away, and took a deep drink of scotch.
“Insider trading,” Sherlock said triumphantly.
They had already waited for far too long, and wasted too much time.
“And would you like anything else at the moment?” the attendant asked, her eyes flicking downward flirtatiously.
, John thought, but didn’t say.
“There’s...lube...in the drawer,” he said after a minute.
“Well, you don’t have pneumonia yet, so that’s good,” John said, replacing his stethoscope in his kit. “It seems like you’ve got the flu. I’m not even going to bother asking whether you got your flu jab this year.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “It’s not a difficult deduction. How did it happen? Did his liver give out?”
The taxi screeched to a halt. The driver started yelling obscenities at Sherlock, but Sherlock paid him no mind, running around to open the door to the passenger side.
After a while, John realized that Sherlock was trembling. He pulled back a bit to make sure he was all right.
“Sorry, sorry!” John said, turning into the alley.
But John knew him so well that he was able to stop right before Sherlock reached the point of no return, pulling his fingers out and stopping the suction on his cock. Sherlock cried out at the loss, but John quickly divested himself of his boxers, settling himself once more in between Sherlock’s thighs, their chests pressed together.
John frowned. “You know we don’t have a king, right?”
Trying to appear more confident than he felt, John slid forward. “C’mere, it’s pointless if we’re not touching.” He pulled Sherlock toward him until they were pressed together, chest to chest.
Sherlock met his gaze, tilting his head to the side. It wasn’t in a self-deprecating way, nor was it a dismissal; it was more...considering.
Sitting on the bedside again, he grasped Sherlock by the shoulders and pulled him gently onto his back. Sherlock didn’t protest, but he did wince slightly as if his joints and muscles ached at the movement.
“So why are you making these?” John prompted again.
Sherlock shook his head, trying to push John away. “I had the situation quite under control."
“The girl was not far from where the horrible thing fell, but somehow she and her family survived. Many years later, she became very sick.”
Not trusting his voice at that moment, John nodded.
Yet, he couldn’t ever seem to refuse him either, could he?
He sat on the bed, listening to the silence for a long time, looking at the tiny folded crane in his hands.
“No, thanks.” John opened his laptop as a way to end the conversation, and she took the hint, leaving to get his drink.
Sherlock raised Alexia’s hand and sniffed her fingernails, which were also painted pink. “This was not a suicide. Or a drowning, for that matter,” he said, replacing her hand carefully.
Sherlock’s eyes were just inches from his, his whole body trembling.
Sherlock smiled, and his eyes lit up, in that way that meant he had solved it. John’s heart did a little flip-flop, seeing it. “And he’s doing it again this inning.”
“About what?” John asked, startled.
“Tree,” John said, tilting his head over toward the living room.
“John,” Sherlock’s voice was so gentle that John’s heart fissured from the quiet intensity of it.
“Holy shit,” John gasped.
John swallowed deeply, gathering himself before he spoke. “I’m not… I’m not leaving again, Sherlock, not unless you want me to. I was a total and complete idiot, for so long, I know, but… you’re it for me, don’t you see? I was about to tell you that first night when you pushed me against the wall and snogged me, so I never got the chance, but… you’re
John chuckled sleepily. “God, yes.”
,” Sherlock said impatiently.
“These trousers have been torturing me all night,” Sherlock said, unbuttoning John’s fly.
–back down, not
His flat was rather far, and it would save him time, if nothing else.
Sherlock licked his lips, but then, slowly, he nodded again. Unable to hold himself back for one more second John leaned in again, pressing his lips to Sherlock’s.
John’s legs were about to give out underneath him. The one thing that seemed to be anchoring him to the earth was the fact that Sherlock was trembling, his breath coming in short bursts.
“I love you, too, John.” Sherlock reached up to brush his fingers over John’s cheek.
“Sure,” Lestrade said.
Sherlock flinched again. “Well. There was... really only one,” he said quietly.
“Fuck,” John gasped.
Sherlock looked down at John, his hair glinting in the morning light, and he was smiling up at Sherlock.
Standing up quickly, he walked toward the exit to the building and out into the open air, looking around.
He got up, pulling on his blue silk robe and marching into the sitting room.
He set her up in her high chair and was halfway through fixing her oatmeal when Sherlock draped himself over John’s back. John grinned, letting his eyes fall closed, leaning his head back to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“John,” he whispered into John’s skin, reaching down to palm John’s cock through his trousers.
John was looking at him with a kind of awe, an awe Sherlock felt reflected in himself… and his mind finally let go, his body finally gave in, and he came.
Rosie was fast asleep, her bumblebee stuffed animal tucked in next to her—she’d called it “beh” the other day, Sherlock had been convinced it was her first word, but John thought she was just making sounds. Sherlock had bought it for her, and John was certain that was the reason she loved it so much.
Sherlock’s curly head popped over the railing of the stairwell. “Shhh,” he chastised. “I just got her to sleep.”
Sherlock chewed his bottom lip contemplatively, his eyes darting over the water. “Yes, but
“You look like you need it,” she said without looking up.
Smiling again–had John ever smiled this much?–John climbed over him and spooned up behind him, hugging him closely.
When he was finished, he looked up again, at the roof. He sat there for a long time, giving his final goodbye.
His life felt like a nightmare from which he would never wake. A year passed, but he wouldn’t be able to recall what had happened if someone had asked. The colour had been drained from everything—the danger, the laughter, the promise of a future. It all had died along with Sherlock. He lived day to day, wondering sometimes if he would have the courage to kiss his gun and find out if there really was an afterlife. He didn’t really believe in heaven or hell, but at least he’d either be with Sherlock again, or he’d be nothing.
John raised an eyebrow at him. “Well, to your credit, I couldn’t tell.”
“The Ritz? Seriously?” John looked up in awe as they got out of the cab. It was very late because they had flown through the night but had arrived in a time zone that was five hours behind.
John squeezed the cheeks of Sherlock’s ass hard, and Sherlock’s eyes fluttered shut as he leaned in to kiss John again, slipping his tongue into his mouth.
you want.” John waggled his eyebrows flirtatiously.
“John,” Sherlock groaned, unable to say anything more, letting himself melt into John’s embrace.
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered closed, and for one paralyzing, heart-wrenching moment, John thought he was about to be rejected.
, Sherlock had said all those years ago.
John smoothed his hands up Sherlock’s legs as he bent down to kiss and bite along the inside of Sherlock’s inner thigh, working upward toward his groin. When he had almost reached it, he moved to the other side, repeating the same torturous process.
“Almost certainly. Your professor must be involved again. But what’s the link? The pattern?” Sherlock said, not bothering to lower his voice.
John watched Sherlock’s relaxed face, trying to suppress the happiness threatening to burst from his chest.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow questioningly. John shook his head, breaking the gaze. ”Never mind. Let’s go.” He walked past Sherlock and started down the stairs.
Chi’s father was leaning against the doorframe, looking completely exhausted.
“Is there anything I can do to help?”
“No,” Sherlock snapped automatically. “
Ella’s voice popped into his head.
“Hey,” John moved up the bed so that he was lying next to him, plopping down. “Sherlock.”
“Like what?”
Sherlock licked his lips, his eyes darting down to John’s mouth. “Yes.” His voice was deep, quiet, and powerful.
“What—”
John clenched his left hand once, pressing his lips together. He was looking at the crane, but what he was seeing instead were Chi’s tiny hands around his one bigger one, and her dark, serious eyes looking up at him.
“What’s your theory?”
“She wanted you to have it,” Mr. Hatayama continued. He put the crane on the bar next to John’s hand. “She told me—that last day, before she—” he broke off, his voice wavering.
Sherlock shifted slightly next to him. “John?”
He untucked Sherlock’s shirt so that he could skim his fingernails up his spine. Sherlock cupped John’s face with both hands, sipping from his mouth, grinding downward with his hips, and John arched upwards unconsciously. Their clothed cocks brushed against each other, and John felt Sherlock gasp into his mouth.
“Bed?” Sherlock perked up a little, looking hopeful.
Pause. “I...I don’t know what you’re talking about right now.”
“What about him?”
“I’ll be off, then,” Mycroft said. “I’ll just leave the scotch.”
He hurried from the law building, starting to type out a text as quickly as possible, but just as he exited the main door he almost ran into Sherlock himself.
John resisted the urge to swear under his breath and stuck his hands in his pockets as he walked back toward the front of the classroom.
“We should shower,” John said, unhurriedly wiping them both off with his shirt, then lying back down.
“You heard someone being beaten and you ran down a dark alley toward the sound instead of calling for help.”
“You’ll see.”
John licked his lips. “I always figured I’d be the one saying that to you, if...this...ever happened.”
“Whatever gave you that impression?” John set the forks down on the counter with a clatter.
“Think it over, Mr. Watson,” the man said. “I’ll be around to see if you’ve changed your mind.”
“I said
Sherlock clapped his hand over John’s mouth. They were close enough that John could see the outline of Sherlock’s face in the darkness, but not his expression.
The late spring air was heavy with the promise of rain.
“That's why you have been in such a sulk,” John said with dawning comprehension.
"He's the most dangerous man you’ll ever meet, but not my problem right now.”
“Good morning,” John whispered, the apprehension he’d been feeling a moment earlier fluttering away like a leaf in the wind.
Sherlock was still blinking at him, his stare one of complete disbelief.
Sherlock smiled, despite the chattering of his teeth, as he cleaned off some of the river mud and gunk from the top of the case. “It’s
“John,” Sherlock gasped. “Please.”
He blinked his eyes open and turned over, pushing the pillow off. The sound was coming from Sherlock, who was in the fetal position on the other side of the bed, clutching a pillow, hugging it to his torso. He was snoring extremely loudly and drooling a little bit.
!” John yelled, kicking the chair nearest him. It hit the wall with a crash.
“I met a friend of yours,” John said eventually.
John suddenly felt very uncomfortable.
His thoughts drifted further, into more dangerous territory. He imagined what Sherlock’s lush lips tasted like, or how that pale, delicate skin would feel beneath his own. John longed to twist the dark curly hair between his fingers, and see how Sherlock’s face would look, lips parted, as he…
The man on the screen shifted in his seat. “A couple of weeks. Their office is closed, I went yesterday to see. There was a sign saying ‘The Red Sox Red-Hatted League is officially disbanded.’ When I called Spaulding on the number he gave me, he said there was a minor delay, but that I would still be getting my checks in the mail.” John raised an eyebrow, noting that the man had an American accent.
Sherlock slowly turned his head back to look at John, who sat on the side of the bed, and held Sherlock’s face with both hands.
The next night, John spent a bit longer than usual in the shower and he had obviously shaved as well. He came down in his good jeans, a dry cleaned shirt and jacket—his date night outfit. Sherlock was in the salon, shrugging on his jacket, and he froze, looking at John.
Greg came over without calling first. He seemed to have realised that John was avoiding him.
John banged his own head against the door. He needed to snap out of it; going down that road, even in his imagination, was pointless. He could manage to avoid going through the kitchen into the living room until after Christmas Eve.
bed. Which, obviously, they were going to have to share, unless one of them slept on the couch.
“Please,” Sherlock coughed again, his eyes shifting behind his eyelids. “Mycroft.”
John started to lean in, but Sherlock’s fingers pressed into John’s chest just a bit harder, and John stopped.
When they reached the bed, Sherlock pushed him down to a sitting position.
When it was finally time to go to the game, they took the T to save their feet. They came up from Kenmore station to see droves of people in Red Sox paraphernalia all walking in the same direction.
“What?” Sherlock looked over his shoulder.
“Sherlock,” he said, his voice not quite even. He reached over and touched one of the scars with his fingertips.
John gritted his teeth. “Fine. Your flat, then?”
“Who’s that?” John whispered.
“W—What?” he stuttered.
,” John swore, fighting against the natural urge to let his eyes slide closed, because he wanted to watch his cock disappearing into that gorgeous mouth.
“I really need to oil that thing,” John muttered, closing his eyes.
John had no idea what Sherlock was looking for in terms of the case, so he let himself just enjoy the taste of the beer, the feeling of the early fall breeze, and the slow cadence of the game. It was oddly soothing, though he’d never watched a baseball game before in person. There were only two or three people moving at a time, and most of the players were simply standing there. Overall, the sport was much less violent or exhausting-looking than, say, rugby or football.
“I need everyone away from the scene so I can work,” Sherlock said loudly.
John couldn’t breathe; otherwise, he would have laughed uproariously. He’d never expected Sherlock to say something like
John dropped his hand, but his face was jovial, not angry. “You just… you have to catch me up sometimes, you know? Your brain skips steps and you expect me to know all of them.”
Sherlock threw his head back, rocking harder into Johns thrusts, holding onto the headboard with one hand for more stability and John could tell he was close. He leaned down to suck at Sherlock’s throat, and Sherlock cried out, his cock hardened even further as he came over his stomach. John swallowed his cries with a hard kiss, thrusting harder, holding him through it.
Sherlock shook his head, arm still covering his face. He felt mortified, and he didn’t want John to see his expression.
John knew he should feel like one of them, going home to the person he loved, even if it wasn’t exactly how he’d imagined. The problem was he couldn’t stop thinking about the mistletoe. He kept returning to his daydream about Sherlock underneath it, kissing him soundly, his lean body pressed up against John’s. It crowded his thoughts, made the happiness he felt bittersweet.
“I insist.” The greenish-grey eyes were boring into him again, and John felt momentarily like the air had been sucked out of his lungs.
John cleared his throat. “Er…Watson. John Watson.”
“Started without me?” Mr. Hatayama said, signaling to the bartender. “Pint of lager, please.”
There was a long silence on the other end, and John waited, pressing his lips together.
“I...I’d be honored,” Sherlock said, formally, but John heard the slight tremble in his voice.
John exhaled, his breath hot. “Okay, just wait a second, I’ll be right back, okay?”
They never talked about this—about her. Not once since John had moved back in with Rosie.
The man didn’t even look up, still typing furiously on his phone as he held up a finger on his free hand.
Sherlock kissed down John’s throat, sucking on his pulse point, and John whined.
They sat like that for a while. Nothing had changed, but everything had.
John sighed in exasperation. “Sherlock.”
“Here.” Harry thrust a water bottle under his nose. “I bet you want some of this.”
John reached over with his free hand to feel Sherlock’s forehead, gently. He sighed in relief, as Sherlock’s fever seemed to have broken. He was still warm, but not burning up anymore.
spoke up for the first time. “Who are you?”
He gave John a DVD that he and Sherlock had made for John’s birthday one year. John tried to seem lighthearted, making jokes, but all he could concentrate on was the feeling of the plastic case under his fingers.
Sherlock chuckled, the vibrations around his cock sending lightning bolts down John’s spine.
“Right. Er. Right. What was I doing, again?” she asked, still a bit wobbly.
“It’s because she doesn’t like the formula. Tastes terrible. She told me.”
“Really.”
“Happy Christmas!” Molly’s singsong voice broke the spell. Lestrade walked into the room with her, carrying two bottles of wine.
And then he’d hated himself for it.
He took John to Angelo’s, and they were led to their normal table. After the waiter took their wine order and left, Sherlock pretended to look at his menu, but he really took the opportunity to sneak a glance at John.
The man smiled, looking like the cat that got the cream. “Information. Nothing indiscreet.”
Swallowing thickly, Sherlock walked over to him. “You don’t want to do this,” he said.
John traced along Sherlock’s jaw, trailing his fingers down his throat to Sherlock’s torso, and started to stroke him harder.
Sherlock licked his lips and finally spoke. “Do what?” he asked, his voice low.
“God, yes, Sherlock, we should—we should go.” But he didn’t make any movements to get off the bed.
John fished around blindly until he found the plastic bottle, pulling it out. It was three quarters empty. He raised an eyebrow at Sherlock, who shrugged. John huffed a laugh, seven years’ worth of assumptions flying out the window.
John took the paper, sitting down again and taking one of the other trays on her nightstand.
The Sexual Offences Act of 1967 decriminalized homosexual relationships in the United Kingdom.
After a moment, he nodded.
“Thank god
"So?" John prompted finally.
“I wouldn’t trade it for the world,” Sherlock murmured. The naked honesty in his expression, the passion, was almost too much; it was like staring into the sun.
“Sherlock–” John tried to interrupt, but Sherlock barreled on.
Sherlock mumbled something against his lips.
John fell into a routine. He would work his shift at the hospital, and at the end of each shift he would take a new stack of origami paper, grab a couple of sandwiches, and walk to the cancer ward.
Sherlock realized he had his hands fisted in the back of John’s vest, and he was making little half-hiccuping noises. Taking a deep breath, he made himself loosen his grip a little.
They stared at each other for a moment, and Sherlock’s mouth twitched upward as he moved forward, stepping between John’s legs. He reached out to trace John’s bottom lip with just the tip of his finger, his eyes glowing in the slight city light from the window.
He stopped, hovering over John’s cock, which was straining against the fabric of his pants and trousers, and bit his lower lip.
“I want… I want…” Sherlock leaned his forehead against John’s, panting into John’s mouth. “Ahhh. I
John raised his eyebrow back. "Of course not." He put the chart back in its place and walked around the bed, putting his stethoscope in his ears then leaning in to listen to her chest.
John thought
“Not your housekeeper,” an older woman’s voice called out.
John started taking off his vest and jeans, so Sherlock could finally see his body.
“As I told you before, we didn’t think that he could possibly win,” Mycroft huffed.
Class finally ended an eternity later, and the girl whose head he’d been staring at smiled at him flirtatiously as he walked out. He managed a curt nod, trying not to flush even more, as he fled the scene.
Mr. Hatayama nodded grimly. “Can you come? Chi asked for you.”
“Donovan—” Lestrade started in a warning tone.
“I want whatever you’ll give me,” Sherlock said. His voice was so vulnerable, honest, the shock of it like a bullet to the abdomen.
“Please, do get in,” the man’s voice said silkily. The door opened a crack.
“John.” He said it in the same exact tone he’d used downstairs—the one that made John’s heart squeeze in his chest.
“Goodnight, Sherlock,” Lestrade called back into the living room, but Sherlock seemed lost in his own thoughts.
Sherlock’s eyes were still boring into him, but he simply tilted his head toward the hall. John felt himself flushing deeply as he walked to the loo, shutting the door quickly and leaning over the sink. He turned on the faucet and splashed some water on his face.
For Sherlock’s entire life, he’d felt like there was something missing, some kind of emptiness that he had searched to fill; first through the drugs, then through cases, but it had never really been enough. It had been a stopgap measure. But now with John here—John in his arms, in his life, filling him with his body and his mind and everything else… for the first time he could remember, Sherlock felt completely, utterly,
When he’d learned that Mary had been Moriarty’s second all along, and that the baby hadn’t been his… he had expected to feel grief, or soul-crushing guilt. Instead he’d been consumed by the anger he felt toward Mary for her deception, and toward himself for falling for it. It wasn’t until long after it all, after several months, that he’d felt relief.
Realizing that he was referring to him, John narrowed his eyes.
John shook his head, stepping back slightly. “I’d better—”
“Tell me why,” John said softly. “Deduce me.”
“Um.” John furrowed his brow. “No, I’m not. I’m starting to rethink not taking you to hospital.”
“Just ten minutes, Sherlock.”
But they were changed men, the both of them.
The woman—Donovan— looked from Sherlock to John. “You should stay away from him if you know what’s good for you,” she said to John. “He’s a psychopath.”
“Um,” John said slowly, his brow creasing. “Okay. Why don’t you do an experiment or something?”
“Wait, what?” John shook his head to clear it as he stepped backward. It was as if they’d been having a whole conversation that John wasn’t privy to.
John sighed into it, sealing their words with the promise of more. He slid his hand around Sherlock’s back under his robe, teasing at the waistband of his pyjamas with his finger tips.
John made the face he always did when he was confused, tucking in his chin and tilting his head at the same time. “What the hell are you
He didn’t blame Sherlock for it, not anymore, and yet he’d chosen to bring it up, twist the knife. He’d broken the delicate balance they’d struck for so long.
Locked in his gaze, like a cold chill, Sherlock felt that part of himself, the pre-John self, the lonely man he’d been before. The part that had been separated from John, achingly empty, while he was with Mary. He never wanted to feel like that again.
Sherlock frowned. “Mary shooting me wasn’t your fault.”
He heard John pour lube on his fingers, and he held the base of Sherlock’s cock with the other. Then he paused. “Sherlock, look at me.”
She simply raised her eyebrows. “I asked you to explain the enactment of the Sexual Offences Act of 1967 and discuss its effect on popular opinion regarding homosexual conduct.”
She licked her lips, her tiny pink tongue sticking out just a little bit, like a cat. Then she closed her eyes, and after a few seconds of silence John thought she had fallen asleep. He was just about to get up and leave her to her rest when she spoke again.
“He has the trainers,” Sherlock muttered, almost as if to himself.
It took a couple of hours to wrap up the case, talking to the Boston Police and giving their statements. It turned out that Larry had been the go-between for members of investment firms who had previously been flagged for white collar crime, so they couldn’t so much as meet in a coffee shop without the FBI trying to bug their conversations. The way they had devised to divulge which stocks their underground buyers should purchase was to hand them to Larry as they bought their hot dog, and he would hand it to the buyer as he gave them their hot dog. They had invented the Red-Hatted League, hiring Wilson alone, so that he would be distracted by keeping score of the game while they were transferring the papers. Sherlock had to explain this to at least five different people, in detail, and John was starting to feel sleepy, wondering why he had gotten that third beer. Finally, they were allowed to leave.
for?”
Eventually he put Molly back on her feet, and she looked flushed, but happy.
Without a word, John flipped him over, and settled between his legs again. He grasped their cocks together, thrusting upward, but this time…
At first, it was just closed lips, pressed together, and John couldn’t quite believe what he’d just done. But then, gloriously, beautifully,
“Your shoes,” Mycroft said, the corners of his mouth curving upward.
“Again, she’s a
“I just need to check something,” Sherlock said cheerfully, and dug a hand in Larry’s left pocket, where there were several papers.
“I’m warning you, Sherlock. Shut up.”
“Are you going to keep it?”
“Or what?” John snapped.
The burly man continued to stare John down, but he stepped back. “Tell the fairy he’d better lay off, or it’ll be worse next time."
Molly got up, wobbling a bit on her feet as she walked toward the kitchen.
John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s forehead, briefly. “Well that,” he said softly, “you will always have.”
“I’ll be right back,” John said. Sherlock just closed his eyes again, and concern spiked in John’s chest. Sherlock was obviously very sick; he wasn’t even making any of his normal sarcastic remarks.
“Hmph,” he heard as he went down the stairs. He poked his head into Mrs. Hudson’s flat.
John slowly turned over onto his other side, wincing slightly at the protest from his aching limbs. His eyes widened slightly when he saw Sherlock sleeping peacefully next to him, his face half turned toward John. The sheet was bunched around his waist and an arm was thrown over his head.
“It’s going to require us to get out of the rest of these clothes,” John said, pushing Sherlock’s pyjamas down.
, Sherlock sighed, and tilted his head, and parted his lips to kiss John back.
“Sherlock,” John said in a warning tone, moving toward him.
Sherlock blinked at him, and blinked again. “What?”
“She didn’t want you to give up,” Mr. Hatayama said.
John looked up at him, and the earnestness he saw in Sherlock’s eyes, the slight pinkish hue on his cheeks and nose from the early fall breeze... his heart just couldn’t take it anymore.
“I’m feeling self-indulgent; want any room service?” he asked.
“I p-promise I won’t d-do anything un-t-toward,” Sherlock said, grinning despite the chattering of his teeth.
“I love him,” Sherlock he said, his breath a puff of warm air.
“Thanks.” John draped his wet jumper over one of the kitchen chairs.
“Really?”
John didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of a response, but he couldn’t help it. “Bugger off.”
“John, perhaps we should get off the street.”
Sherlock faltered. “Not good?”
“Harry, I don’t want to hear it.”
Sherlock bit his lip, watching John with apprehension.
John, who had already eaten half of his, was about to point out that the hot dogs were bloody delicious. When he looked up, however, he saw that Sherlock had a glob of mustard on his upper lip, and the words caught in his throat. Sherlock lowered his gaze and took another bite, a bigger one this time. His plush lips wrapped around the hot dog, his eyelashes fanning out on his cheeks.
They broke apart, but not far, resting their foreheads against each other and just panting, inhaling each other’s air.
He couldn’t help it. He felt the mirth bubbling up in his chest, and before he knew it he was laughing uproariously.
“Sherlock Holmes!” Wilson said, shaking Sherlock’s hand enthusiastically. “Thank you so much for coming. I would never have thought you’d take a little case like mine.”
“I want you to listen to me very carefully.”
“It’s not… I don’t…” John stuttered, caught off guard. He tucked his chin into his chest as he stuffed his hands in his pockets. He rocked back on his heels, trying to regain composure.
“Saw?"
“Oh.”
Sherlock’s eyes opened again, and their gazes met, the force of it hitting John in the solar plexus.
Sherlock worried his lower lip between his teeth. “I don’t know how to do this, John.”
“Where are you going?” the rude bloke called after him.
"I—" John began, but before he could say more, Sherlock leaned down and pressed his lips to John’s.
Sherlock sighed, letting John help him sit up enough to drink some of the broth. After a few sips, he shook his head, and John helped him lay back down.
John grabbed his hand, squeezing it gently. “Sorry, it’s just. I’ve never had to give lessons on initiating sex before,” John said, eyes dancing.
As he stood there, completely immobile, the figure on the porch walked forward, out of the darkness. Once the figure moved under the light of a streetlamp, he could see dark curly hair.
“Yes?” John said, his amusement creeping into his voice as he continued to torture Sherlock with deft fingers.
“You.” It was so simple, when it came down to it.
Ten minutes later they were at Sherlock’s flat on Baker Street.
Sherlock gave him one of his withering
“Seriously? That’s it, we are going to hospital, right now.”
“I think,” John said between kisses, “we should go to the bedroom so I can do this properly.”
John didn’t walk through, however. He just stepped closer to Sherlock, his eyes lingering on Sherlock’s throat over his collar.
“Yes, that was…” Sherlock trailed off. “That was something.”
“How will I know if I’m doing it?”
John put his head in his hands, trying not to think about how massively he had fucked everything up. Sherlock could have died, and it would have been his fault. He would have ruined both their lives.
Sherlock must have looked like he was going to protest, but all John had to do was raise his eyebrows, and he acquiesced.
“Happy Valentine’s Day, love,” John said, scooting down so their heads were even. His eyes were the deepest blue Sherlock had ever seen them, and his silvery hair was mussed from sleep in an endearingly boyish way. “I didn’t think you’d want to celebrate it.”
“What are you looking for?” John asked.
“Oh come off it,” John said, taking his hand again, and stepping closer. “I love that I’m the one to teach all of this to you. I thought our ‘first’ time was just, well, sloppy, because we had both been wanting each other for so long. At least, that’s how it was for me. I wanted everything, all of you, so much that I couldn’t stop myself long enough to even take off our clothes. But now we have all the time in the world. Like I said before, we can do this slowly. Everything you have told me so far has been good news.” John stepped closer again, into his space, and brushed his lips under Sherlock’s jaw. Sherlock shivered involuntarily.
John sighed, pocketing the crane again. He pushed himself up off the ground and struggled to his feet. “I have to shower and make myself some coffee, then get to the hospital.” He didn’t look at her as he took his keys out and unlocked the door.
“Before I teach you… are you sure you want to make yourself hope?” Chi asked.
“Sights?”
“Okay, but—”
“It’s rather hard to cock up cuddling.”
“What are you doing here?”
, do you want to move in?” Sherlock asked.
John chuckled. “Good,” he said, fingers brushing over Sherlock’s still-clothed cock, which was starting to show some interest.
Sherlock blinked his eyes open, looking down at Rosie, who was still eating her oatmeal with gusto, before he met John’s gaze. “Now, we live.”
John chewed his bottom lip. “You need to open up your sinuses and get some of the congestion out. Bath or shower, you choose.” Sherlock groaned and tried to turn over again.
John’s eyes snapped open, and his heart raced as he looked up at Sherlock again. Sherlock shook his head slightly, but John had no idea what that was supposed to mean.
“That’s it, you’re so amazing, god,” John said, starting to pick up the pace. He pressed forward until Sherlock was practically bent in half, kissing him deeply as he drove his cock inward, again and again.
“What do you want, John?” he panted, continuing to rock against John.
“No, no, I just, don’t want to come that way, not the first time.” Sherlock relaxed visibly, and John pulled him up to kiss him, tasting his own precome on Sherlock’s lips, dizzy with want.
“Oh, god,” John gasped. “Going-- going to--”
John pulled Sherlock’s pants off the rest of the way. “Finally,” he said, kneading Sherlock’s arse with both hands.
hospital.”
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was pleading, almost like a whimper.
’ way that John was already becoming accustomed to. “You
John rolled his eyes. “You’re going to be the death of me.”
“What the fuck, Sherlock,” he finally choked out.
“What about the coffee?” Sherlock’s voice was no longer as deep nor as nonchalant as it had been moments before.
John felt a slice of panic. “Okay, how many planets are there in the solar system?”
999 cranes
“What are you doing?” John breathed. The air between them was thick with unsaid words, with want, the visceral, aching
“Good morning to you too,” John said, grinning so widely that his face almost hurt. He kissed Sherlock again, just for good measure, then kissed down Sherlock’s throat.
The shorter man watched John a bit longer, then finally pushed off the wall and followed.
John rolled his eyes. “She drinks different amounts at different times, Sherlock. She’s a baby, not a robot."
“I…” Sherlock turned his head into the pillow, unable to look at him anymore. He felt completely raw, vulnerable, in a way he’d never felt before, and he
“Er. Yes,” John said.
"No. No, it’s...perfect," Sherlock said, turning to adjust his collar in the mirror to hide the slight flush of his face. He was wearing his aubergine shirt, because John had always loved it.
John frowned. “Yes, but–”
“So you thought about this.” It was a statement, not a question.
John felt his heart softening at the look. “Well, you can start by not ripping open their deepest and most painful secrets. It tends to rub people the wrong way.”
Sherlock sighed, dropping his phone and ruffling his hair. “Our client, Wilson, is one of the section ticket takers for the Red Sox, but he needed some extra income to care for his sick wife. At the hot dog vendor’s urging, he applied for and was employed by the Red Sox Red-Hatted League to ‘keep score’ for two innings every game, the fourth and eighth. After several months they mysteriously disappeared and haven’t paid him for the last several games.”
Sherlock sniffled slightly, shaking his head, as if he didn’t quite believe it. “John…”
John felt his breath catch; he’d never heard Sherlock say something like that, never imagined it would be directed toward him.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, still watching him with that unnerving gaze. Glad to escape, John shuffled out to the kitchen to make them tea. As the water was boiling, he hunted some more in the cabinets until he found an ancient-looking bottle of paracetamol.
Sherlock’s lips quirked upward. “Shot in the dark. Good one, though. Power connection on your phone: tiny little scuff marks around the edge of it. Every night he goes to plug it in, but his hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man’s phone, never see a drunk’s without them.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes, putting the scotch on the table before he swept off.
Sherlock smiled. “Boston.”
“Alright,” John acquiesced, and he thought he saw the corner of Sherlock’s mouth turn upward just a bit, but then it was gone.
When John met his eyes, he knew instantly. “How bad?” he asked, bile rising in his throat.
The security guard looked at Sherlock like he was insane. “What? Arrest them? What the hell for?”
“Your Valentine’s day present.”
I am trying to stay true to a lot of aspects of English university life (especially how students go through A levels and such, which will be more relevant later), but in terms of the courses John is taking as a first year law student, I'm taking some liberties. Since I'm a 1L in an American university law school, I'm just putting in the kinds of classes I am taking. If there's a huge difference from what first year law students in England learn, please forgive me.
Moriarty’s mouth twitched, then he let out a barking laugh, sending a chill down John’s body.
Now that his vision had adjusted to the lack of light, John could see Sherlock’s face. His eyes were dark and dilated in the scant light, and his excitement was crackling in the air.
After so long, after hundreds of fantasies and too many years apart, it didn’t feel real.
The seconds stretched out, John’s heart beating so hard that he could feel it in his ears. The only sound was the distant wail of a siren in the distance. They lay in silence for a solid minute before Sherlock spoke again.
John felt himself flush bright red. “Of course we’ll be needing two.”
On a particularly chilly night, John was in the sitting room, trying to get through all his Property law notes for his midterm which was only a few days away. Between rugby practice starting and all the time he now spent investigating with Sherlock, his grades were suffering. He’d been below the median in the first exam for the course, and in order to keep his scholarship he had to ace the midterm.
John swallowed, after the silence had already stretched on too long, trying to muster up a bit of courage.
John stopped in his tracks, his anger boiling over. “How the
Sherlock kept at it, picking up the pace, stroking the base of his cock with one hand at the same time.
“I love you too,” he whispered hoarsely. “God, Sherlock I—”
He opened his mouth, shutting it again, teeth clenched. “I can’t,” John said, his voice cracking.
“This is my flatmate, John Watson,” Sherlock said before John could answer.
“I...I need...you to...say it first,” Sherlock whispered.
, not after everything they had been through over the past six years.
“You okay?” he asked, glancing up at Sherlock, who nodded, but Sherlock’s heart started beating much faster in anticipation of what John was going to do next.
John’s hand stilled, and he looked shocked for a moment.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed, unhelpfully, bouncing on the balls of his feet.
The class tittered, and John froze, his heart pounding. That voice sounded eerily familiar.
“She wouldn’t kill herself over a bloke. She was too—I don’t know, pragmatic,” John said. He stood, crossing his arms across his chest and trying to breathe deeply, filling his lungs with the abnormally brisk air.
“I mean it. No sleeping. Here, take these, please.” He handed Sherlock the paracetamol and his tea.
John bit his lip, trying to decide what to do. He knew empirically that he should ignore the text, go study for the next several hours, then get some sleep for class the next day, like a good student.
snore,” he repeated.
The man looked at him curiously, much like an interesting insect to be squashed. The other man
The wine, the light from the Chinese lanterns, and the high from solving a case bathed everything in rosiness, and for the first time in a long time he’d forgotten about Mary and her betrayal. They had stayed until the waiter had started giving them the side-eye. After swaying their way back to the flat, Sherlock had closed the door behind them, and had turned back to lean against it. Both of them had stared at each other for a long time, until Sherlock had stepped forward and cupped John’s face, leaning down to kiss him with a forcefulness that John hadn’t expected. But then Sherlock had leaned back, his eyes wide, as if he couldn’t quite believe what he had just done.
“There’s nothing else of use here,” he declared, stalking back out toward the street, and John followed at a trot.
“This,” Sherlock said, finally. “You.”
.” Sherlock ran his hand through his hair. “Sleeping in the same bed with someone, waking up next to them the next morning… this.” He gestured between their intertwined bodies.
The next few innings went by quickly, especially since John had to go to the loo, and the seventh inning was interrupted by a “stretch,” which consisted of the fans standing up to sing some ridiculous song. Sherlock didn’t stand, looking around at all the fans with something akin to incredulous distaste.
John broke off the kiss, his eyes widening as he pulled back. “Shit,” he cursed, his breath ragged. His lips were pink from the snogging, and his eyes were much darker than usual, trained intensely on Sherlock. He was still holding Sherlock up, which was good, as Sherlock’s whole frame was trembling and his legs seemed to be made of gelatin. The warmth that had started in his chest had now spread to his entire body, more concentrated in particular areas than in others. The sensation was so strong that he couldn’t really breathe.
“No,” John said, softly. He slid downward a bit so that their heads were level.
“It will help,” John said. “Your body is weak, it’s fighting a battle internally right now. It needs some sustenance.”
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” John whispered.
John Watson had never believed in luck.
, John thought. That had not been the way he’d meant to say it. He was used to hearing it in his own thoughts, but he hadn’t meant to actually
The voices stopped and he heard the crunching noise again, accompanied by the muffled sound of someone trying not to cry out in pain.
“Thanks,” she said, lying back after a few sips.
“Water, please,” John croaked, sitting up and rubbing his eyes.
A mass of exhausted limbs, Sherlock just held on as John thrust hard into him, again and again. John dropped his forehead to Sherlock’s neck, biting down just as he came, and Sherlock moaned again at the feeling of John’s cock pulsing, his come filling him.
He’d always believed that someday...but then Sherlock had been dead, and he’d met Mary, and Mary had been safer in so many ways. Until it turned out she was the most dangerous of all. And now she was gone.
Sherlock obeyed, opening his eyes, his mouth half open with gasping breaths.
“How do you know it has to do with the Red-Hatted thing?”
“Of course, of course love, if that’s what you want.” John leaned in to kiss each of his eyes, a motion so tender that Sherlock almost couldn’t stand it.
“No. People don’t do that.” Sherlock’s eye slid shut again. John was about to protest but Sherlock mumbled, “Not sleeping. Just resting.”
Sherlock’s lips twitched. “You have me.”
“We’ll be back,” John said over his shoulder. “What was that, then?”
Sherlock chuckled, but didn’t stop.
“Sherlock.” John poked him, gently, but Sherlock just let out an even louder snore.
He heard Sherlock pad over softly and lay down gingerly on the bed next to him.
“Okay, now bottoms,” John said. “You’ll have to stand up to get in the tub anyway.”
“You want to ask something else,” Sherlock prompted.
John moaned into his mouth, reaching up to slide his fingers into Sherlock’s hair, tugging it just enough not to cause actual pain, as they started moving in sync.
“Goodnight, Sherlock,” John said, closing the door firmly behind himself.
Sherlock’s eyes widened, and for a moment John wasn’t sure if he had gone too far.
“What? Did you figure it out?” John stood up too, trying to follow his gaze.
“Sherlock, if you play dumb right now, I swear to god.”
He frowned, moving toward the living room, pausing just before he reached the dividing line between the two rooms. There was no mistaking it: a large sprig of mistletoe—
Sherlock pursed his lips, considering this. “I’ve never done that before with you.”
“What do you think?” Sherlock asked, abruptly breaking the silence.
Sherlock looked at the hot dog a bit dubiously, but after a moment, he bit into it. “Interesting,” he said around his mouthful, sounding unconvinced.
“No,” Sherlock moaned. “Please.”
His phone pinged once more.
He felt Sherlock’s sharp intake of breath in surprise, as if after all that had happened it was still unlikely that this was the inevitable outcome of all the events leading up to this, after what felt like a lifetime of wondering what could be and what might have been.
“It’s a yes. The real question is...are you sure you want
John cracked his eyes open. “You remembered that? You don’t even care about whether the earth revolves around the sun, but you remember that I have a new professor?”
“We should get some sleep, I want to check out the Red-Hatted League Office before we go to the game at seven,” Sherlock said.
John had to swallow a couple of times before he could manage to croak, “Yes, please.”
“I’m making it strong,” Sherlock said over his shoulder.
“Then shut up,” John said. He slid his hands around Sherlock’s waist, just as he had imagined, and before he could lose his nerve, kissed him.
John glanced at Anderson. “I’m not a doctor, or a forensics expert, Sherlock. I—”
“I think he just did,” John said, holding him back. “What is it?”
with such nonchalance.
At one point, Sherlock got in an argument with an eight year old girl (who was wearing an American Flag hat) about whether Paul Revere should be considered an Englishman or an American. The girl argued that he was was born on American soil and was part of the Revolution, and was therefore an American; Sherlock argued that technically had been born an English citizen as Massachusetts was still part of the colonies back then. John had to hide his face with his hand because he was grinning idiotically, dizzy with affection.
The ache in his chest was a familiar comfort to him now.
John scratched the two-day stubble under his jaw which was… distracting. “And you want me to try and get your brain to turn off so you can enjoy sex?”
John grinned back.
“That.” Sherlock, waved his bow at the piles of notes and law books on the table.
Slowly, what had happened the night before started to filter back into his addled brain. They’d finished a case and had immediately gone to their favourite Chinese restaurant where one bottle of wine had turned into two, and John felt the same kind of kinetic energy flowing between them that he’d felt on his stag night.
“Nothing back there,” he said, returning to the main room.
“Relax,” John said into his ear. “We have all day. Breathe.”
John put the kettle on, then walked into the living room and leaned against the doorframe, watching them.
“It’s…er…nice.” He wasn’t exactly sure why his opinion was of consequence. “Much nicer than my flat.”
He led John toward the stairs to the first floor, not pausing to wait for a response.
Realization dawned. Sherlock wouldn’t ask for more than what they had, because he was afraid. He was afraid John would leave again, that this room would be empty again. Emptiness was the thing they both feared the most; an empty needle, an empty bottle waited for them, always. Empty bedsit. Empty hearse, empty grave.
The minutes inched tortuously by, until Professor Moriarty finally ended the lecture. John immediately bounded from his seat and bolted for the door.
He was vaguely aware that John was rubbing against his hip until he came too, a couple of minutes later, shouting Sherlock’s name, and then he was in a daze as John cleaned him up.
“Sherlock--”
“It’s this one.” Sherlock stopped in front of a dingy storefront which had once been a barber shop.
Lestrade went right over to Sherlock and gave him a hug. “Happy Christmas, Sherlock.” He shook John’s hand. “John.”
“Go on,” John said, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he took the pills and sipped the tea before he set it on the side table. He leaned his head back and closed his eye again, sighing.
Sherlock barreled forward, as if he were incapable of listening to John’s protests. “No. Let me guess…smashed into something while driving drunk. Skull fracture, dead instantly.”
Sherlock kissed him for a long time, then leaned his forehead against John’s. “I don’t know if I’m cut out for this,” he said.
If he
“Do you trust me?” John’s fingers trailed down over his stomach.
As John walked down the stairs, he glanced over at Sherlock, whose head poked up to look at him briefly.
Sherlock’s eyes were glittering, and he pressed his lips to John’s again. The kiss was even more passionate than before, and Sherlock eventually swung his leg around so that he was sitting on John's lap, which was much better.
Eventually, he heard Rosie fussing on the monitor. He disentangled himself from Sherlock without waking him—a feat, truly—relieved himself, and pulled on his old striped bathrobe before walking quietly up the stairs.
“John,” Sherlock panted. “Take your trousers off. Please.”
“Don’t know,” Sherlock said, chewing his bottom lip. “I don’t like not knowing.”
Sherlock’s back was to him and he was under all the blankets, which were pulled up to his ears.
“I had a dream that you said…” Sherlock said thickly, as if his mouth was dry. He paused, swallowing.
He wrapped a towel around his waist before walking out of the bathroom. Sherlock was still lying on the couch in the exact same position he’d been in before.
John was content to keep kissing Sherlock for hours, but Sherlock stopped suddenly, panting. John licked his lips, feeling giddy.
John rolled his eyes. “How do you know he would be called back in time? He might have already been undercover when—”
Sherlock obeyed, his eyes widening when he saw where John was standing. The blinking light from the mantelpiece lit up his face in green, pink and purple, and his eyes seemed even more luminescent than usual.
he thought.
“Of course I did.”
Sherlock didn’t move or open his eyes. “If you want me to sleep here on the couch, I will,” he said.
Yet he’d never said anything.
Sherlock looked like he was going to object again, but thought better of it, and took a sip from the cold beverage. John smiled, sipping his own beer.
Nervous, maybe, but happy.
Sherlock chewed his bottom lip. “I didn't think…I couldn’t tell if you wanted this. You hadn’t dated anyone since you moved back in, but I still couldn’t tell if you wanted...I thought maybe I could force the issue, so to speak, by putting it up.” Sherlock paused. “You avoided it judiciously for days, so I thought I had my answer.”
“As I was just saying—” Mycroft began.
“Me mum always told me never to get in the car with strangers.”
In a haze of adrenalin and hope, John walked forward until he was under the light of the same street lamp, close enough to see the outlines of Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock turned to look at him, his pale face in shadow, eyes dark. “What took us so long?” he asked, his voice soft.
Sherlock didn’t look at him, but he pursed his lips slightly. “I didn’t know, I saw.”
He turned around slowly, adrenalin pumping through his system.
John glared at him, anger starting to overtake his exhaustion. “You don’t know the
“I’m going to go up and check on Rosie,” John said. He turned and marched up the stairs as fast as possible.
! We’re losing him!” Sherlock shouted. “Just don’t look down!”
Another long pause. But this time, instead of breaking the silence with words, Sherlock pressed his thigh against John’s, and John felt the air gush out of his lungs.
People always thought there was an overhanging stench, or a harbinger, of death in hospitals. But the cancer ward wasn’t like that. Most of the time that wing was quiet, a place of peace. It was like a deep breath before plunging underwater.
Before John could ask more, the sound of the heavy outer door opening cut him short. As footsteps echoed down the hall, John could hear two men arguing. Their voices sounded oddly familiar. Before John could react, Sherlock grabbed him and pushed him toward an open broom cupboard, closing it behind them as quietly as possible. The interior was rather small, and because of all the cleaning detritus behind them, John was pressed front-to-front directly up against Sherlock.
“She told you.” John raised his eyebrows.
“Sherlock,” he said slowly.
“So not a really difficult case, in the end,” John said eventually.
“Starving.”
“I tricked you into it, I—”
They lay there in silence, watching the colored lights paint the grey walls purple and pink.
He looked out the window. “I worry about him. Constantly.”
“It’s called
“We don’t even know each other. I just met you ten minutes ago, and now you want me to move in with you?”
“Beh,” she said, reaching for her stuffed bee.
“Don’t talk about him,” John said through his teeth. “I mean it.” He turned to leave the room again.
“Sherlock, we will never be able to catch them,” he panted.
“Just checking,” John said, kissing down Sherlock’s neck again, and starting to suck over Sherlock’s pulse point,
“I don’t want-” Sherlock started.
Everyone looked at John, and he felt himself flush, taking another big gulp of his scotch to hide his face.
Sherlock felt tears stinging his eyes, and he nodded one more time.
“What, dear?” Mrs. Hudson patted John’s hand.
Sherlock let his eyes close for a moment and tilted back into the caress, as if he were luxuriating in the feeling.
The warmth in his chest bloomed again, deeper, more permanently than it ever had before. It was a strangely satisfying feeling, like he’d found the last piece of a puzzle, or had come home from a long and arduous journey. Holding Sherlock in his arms felt more like being home than any place John had ever been before. John had never depended on anyone but himself, and the fact that this was starting to change scared him more than anything.
John stared at the text for a moment, his heart pounding. Before he could respond, another text popped up.
Sherlock wouldn’t have come back. He would have died there, all alone, surrounded by enemies.
John frowned. He’d completely forgotten about the oral argument, and he did need to go over his notes again before class. “But I—”
John let his eyes fall shut again, feeling the edges his awareness, beyond the dark chasm behind his eyelids. He was aware of every part of Sherlock’s being, right next to his—so, so close, and yet so far away.
“What does that have to do with it?”
When the tea was ready, he poured himself a cup and walked back out of the kitchen toward the hallway, avoiding the mistletoe altogether.
Sherlock nodded, licking his lips.
John felt his breath catch in his throat. Sherlock looked overwhelmed, but his eyes were fixed on John.
Sherlock sighed, as if relieved, and John smoothed his hair back again a few times. He thought Sherlock had fallen asleep again, but then he spoke once more.
Sherlock thought. Love. He loved John. He loved John so much that his whole body was screaming with it, his mind, his very being. Everything in him loved John.
“I’ll see you tomorrow then,” John said over his shoulder as he grabbed his coat.
“What happened to her? The girl?” he asked quietly.
John listened to the lecture with half an ear, his phone burning a hole in his pocket. Sherlock had been searching for this man for weeks, unable to find a trace of him, and here he was, discussing the
Their lips just barely brushed against each other, and that single point of contact was like a lightning bolt down his spine. John’s toes actually curled inwards with the force of it.
“You’re it for me too,” Sherlock said, realizing he hadn’t actually said the words aloud.
“Yes.”
John rubbed his chin, ducking his head to hide his own resulting smile.
“Want some spiced wine?” John asked, ignoring the look and picking up the ladle.
They weren’t like that. And that was the problem.
Sherlock tried not to roll his eyes again, but didn’t quite manage it. “Obviously.”
As the hours and then days crawled by, John couldn’t decide which was worse: the fact that he hadn’t heard from Sherlock, or that he’d programmed his own number into Sherlock’s phone and Sherlock had ignored it. The fact was, this time, he’d wanted to stay, and Sherlock had practically thrown him out.
“Okay.” John ran his hand through his hair, as if he was thinking. “Can I ask you something else?”
Sherlock’s gaze swept down John’s body as he sipped from his glass, and John couldn’t help noticing how his lips were wine-slick, just a bit reddened. He bit his bottom lip, trying not to imagine what it would feel like to sweep his tongue over those lips.
Sherlock huffed a bit, and John couldn’t help grinning a little. They spent the remainder of the flight in companionable silence.
The night before, they’d had the excuse of one too many glasses of wine, and the accompanying uncertainty and nervousness about their first time had been cloaked in nighttime darkness. But they hadn’t talked about what it all meant.
John bit his lip. “I can think of three off the top of my head. High altitude is one of them.”
John sucked on Sherlock’s lower lip, palming his cock through his thin pajama pants, and Sherlock let out a little keening sound. John chuckled, sinking both hands into Sherlock’s hair, kissing him with abandon, and Sherlock kissed back, hard, rocking hard down onto John’s cock.
now, like a ten-year-old. “I’m serious.”
Sherlock sighed again, as if John were being slow on purpose. “I don’t know if I’m doing it wrong. You’ve done all this before, I haven’t. You’ll have to tell me if I cock it up.”
” The hand shook him more forcefully.
Sherlock stiffened immediately. John felt his heart pounding in his ears, waiting. Waiting for Sherlock to finally acknowledge that there was something between them, something that had been buried so deep and had so many scars that even thinking about it was like prodding at a wound that had never quite healed.
John did a bit of a double take, realizing what Sherlock was saying. “Wait…
"Now you," Sherlock managed to say, dazed.
“We’ll fix that,” John said, the corner of his mouth twitching upward as he carded a hand through Sherlock’s hair.
He gave in, sliding into the car and closing the door behind him.
“Good morning my darling,” John cooed, kissing the top of her head. “Are you hungry? Papa is starving.”
He felt the air in his lungs rush out as he read what it said: the girl had a brain tumor. She had been through two prior operations, and chemotherapy seemed to have been ineffective. She was already stage four, and mets had been found in her liver. Even though she was ten years old, she looked much younger. The cancer treatments must have stunted her growth.
Sherlock pushed him down onto the bed, and John moved back a little so that he could fully recline.
“What?” Sherlock faltered, uncertain.
“Right, right. Well. Enjoy the game.” Wilson nodded at them, turning to the next two people with their tickets.
“It’s on their letterhead.”
“John,” he said, nodding. “I wanted to give you something.”
John didn’t say anything, instead letting his forehead fall to Sherlock’s chest. His hands fisted in Sherlock’s coat, and he felt the tears starting to prick his eyes. He didn’t believe in fate or luck, but somehow, Sherlock had come back to him.
“My father has told me this story since I was very little.”
Afterward, he walked down the familiar hallway toward the main wing, and he passed by what was once her room, willing himself not to look inside. A few steps after he passed the threshold, he stopped, closing his eyes and clenching his left fist.
“Sorry,” John backpedaled, feeling himself flush as he averted his gaze.
John kissed down Sherlock’s throat to his naked torso, which was already flushed.
“Okay,” John nodded. “And when you… do you, um.” John shook his head, laughing. “For god’s sake, I’m a bloody doctor, this shouldn’t be hard to ask about.”
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock batted away John’s hand. “My mind is like a hard drive, John. Details such as
John shook his head, but he could see Sherlock watching him through the slits of his eyes. John opened his mouth to say something else, but as they did, the taxi pulled to a stop in front of Sherlock’s flat and he clicked his jaw shut again.
John hunched his shoulders more, feeling exhaustion creeping into his very bones.
known it then, deep down. He’d tried to keep dating in spite of it, because he’d just been too damned scared to do anything about it. Once Sherlock had come back, he’d been too hurt... and there had been Mary. He’d essentially convinced himself that Sherlock could never love him back, at least not the way John loved him.
Sherlock swung his leg off of John and stood up, albeit a bit unsteadily. John took his outstretched hand, stood up and immediately pulled Sherlock into another deep kiss.
Sherlock arched as John enveloped the head of his cock with his mouth, swirling his tongue around and licking the most sensitive part as he stroked the base.
Sherlock blinked at him. “Obviously.”
“I’m going to kiss you now,” he said, and Sherlock did nothing other than nod again, more vigorously this time.
John blinked at him, his gaze refocusing on Sherlock’s face. “No, no, it’s okay. I mean, christ.” John scrubbed his hand over his face again.
John tilted his head to the side. “No, but we weren’t having sex before. This is different.”
John frowned slightly. “Is this—is what I’m wearing okay? I wasn’t sure where we were going—”
It had been so long. All they had been through, all the loss, the pain...it had all been worth it, because John was with him again. But Sherlock had to know if John wanted more. John had to know by now...he must know how Sherlock felt. But there was only one way to find out.
John just rolled his eyes, helping him sit on the side of the tub. Sherlock leaned his head against the wall, breathing heavily, as if those few steps had exhausted him. John leaned over and ran the bath, turning it up hot enough that the room started filling with steam.
He got up, throwing some notes on the bar, and turned to leave.
“How so?” John arched upward as Sherlock licked a stripe up the front of his pants.
“Material?” John asked.
The lights overhead were off, and the gradient light from the water was oscillating over the walls in strange dancing waves. There was something about the room that sent a shiver down John’s spine, and he didn’t think it was just the fact that Carl had died there.
The two voices got louder.
“Sherlock.”
John glanced up, his eyebrows rising to his hairline. “What?”
Sherlock turned his head to look up at him, his eyes still glassy, as if he were having trouble focusing. He tried to take a deep breath through his nose and coughed again. Instead of talking, he squeezed his eyes shut, nodding again.
! That was four pounds’ worth of coffee!”
“Sorry, I meant not to wake you,” Sherlock muttered, but he nuzzled his nose into John’s neck, just breathing him in.
“This, just this. A little tighter and slower strokes,” Sherlock breathed. “And kiss me.”
They did this somewhat often, especially in the middle of the night, when Rosie woke up. Sherlock was often up anyway, so he always came up and helped soothe her back to sleep, telling her a story—usually a gruesome murder—though it was probably was just the sound of his voice that lulled her into slumber.
“Getting there,” Sherlock said quietly. “How is it that you keep having to bring me to bed under less than ideal circumstances?” he asked, his breath unfurling against John’s skin.
John pulled back for a moment. “God, you have no idea what this is doing to me,” he groaned, then bent to his work again. Sherlock made a noise between a whine and a moan, and one of John’s hands reached down to stroke Sherlock’s cock at the same time.
“Hey,” John said, pulling a chair up to sit next to the bed. “Deduce something if you have to, but please stay awake.”
want right now,” Sherlock said, hint of amusement in his tone.
, his brow furrowed in concentration. The cover boasted that it included
"Hey," John said, pulling him to a stop. "Don’t you think we should…”
He’d always loved watching Sherlock, ever since that first day, when he’d first been caught up in the whirling maelstrom of brilliance that was Sherlock’s mind. He’d wanted to push Sherlock up against the wall in that dingy room in Brixton and snog him senseless, despite the dead body only feet away on the dusty floor.
“This is unnecessary,” Sherlock said. He sniffled slightly, but his nose was so congested that he couldn’t really get any air through the passage.
“Oh no, you don’t—” Molly started to say, her eyes wide.
John nodded, his hand still moving maddeningly slowly. “Anything. I could tie you down, suck your cock until you come down my throat.”
John pressed his lips together.
John felt his brow furrow, but he didn’t protest. He did have something to wish for, but it was impossible. John felt tears pricking his eyes, but he fought them back, blinking quickly.
John nipped his bottom lip, and Sherlock felt his knees buckle, a small groan escaping his lips. John’s lips curled upward slightly, and he held Sherlock up as he continued to snog him so thoroughly that Sherlock completely forgot that they were in a public place.That is, until someone wolf-whistled at them from across the street.
John helped Sherlock over to the bed, taking off his coat, then his shoes. “Th-this is un-n-necessary,” Sherlock said, shivering even more.
The man from the pool seemed to be abnormally skilled at covering his tracks, and he had disappeared without a trace. All they had to go on was a first name, “Jim,” which may have been a pseudonym anyway. After searching fruitlessly for two weeks, Sherlock had settled into a dark mood, which in turn put a dark cloud over Baker Street.
“I know, I'm still a student. As I said when we met, it might be a fleeting venture.”
John put a palm to his face. “Christ,” he said, the word muffled.
“I’ll get you some water,” he said, starting to get up.
John paused a second longer, but then he reached up to brush his fingertips over Sherlock's cheek.
“How do you want to come, then?” Sherlock whispered against his lips.
“And I hoped… it’s a case, like old times, but also getting away from everything, where we could escape all the memories. Erm. Not that you
After about ten minutes, Sherlock spoke again, as if they had been having a conversation the whole time. “You still have a passport, don’t you? Mycroft can get you one pretty quickly, if not, but it would be better if yours were still valid.”
John cleared his throat slightly, realizing the kettle had been whistling. He turned back to the kitchen and poured the water.
“Peculiar.”
“I should think that was obvious.” Sherlock rolled his hips enough that John could feel his arousal, and John groaned, his eyes fluttering closed.
“Going to come,” John managed.
She had oxygen tubes in her nose, but she seemed to be sitting up without too much aid, and she had a canteen tray on her lap, but no food. Instead, there were several brightly colored pieces of paper in front of her, as well as several carefully folded cranes.
Sherlock nodded, looking back at the paper in front of him, resting his chin on his bent knee. The dust-moted winter sunlight filtered into the room, glinting off his dark hair, and he looked very young. The years that had been added to his face, the tiny crow’s feet and worry lines, seemed to melt away. John felt his heart squeeze, just a little, and he wished he had the nerve to walk over and brush his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, to massage his scalp.
, John thought. “You were never the heartless bastard you thought yourself to be,” was all he said aloud. “Not even close.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Murder.”
Was he allowed to move closer? The morning after was one of John’s favourite parts of being with someone, but maybe Sherlock wouldn’t want this. He’d always seemed to eschew romantic relationships, after all.
