“… and just what are the children supposed to do, while you and I are getting shot at in Norway?”
Something passed between father and Tony, their eyes speaking without words as they so often did. It was yet another look Ian couldn't decipher, though he always tried his hardest. Then father was nodding and handing Sara down into Natacha’s arms.
*None of these images belong to me, they have been shared graciously with the public by numerous photo and touristy blogs.
She sat, knees curled up to her chin in the dark with the door cracked open just enough for the voices of those who came and went from her father’s room to filter in. She heard it all. Heard it when the doctor ordered everybody out and when Frau Hogan refused. Heard it when father struggled with the doctor and ran out of strength – had to clamp a hand over her mouth to keep from making a sound, like screaming at the man to leave him alone. Stop making him make that horrible sound. But she knew it wasn’t really the doctor’s fault. It was hers.
He looked around at each of them, to impress his point and when his eyes landed on Artur, the little boy nodded with all the severity of a judge.
Tony looked between Harry’s disappearing back and Péter’s tortured expression with worry.
"No, no. Of course not." Playing a much changed tune, the officer quickly handed back their papers with an apologetic half smile toward Anamarie. "it's just that we can't be too careful with these anarchists on the loose Fraulein, I'm sure you understand."
He'd caught it the first time just at the tail end of the civil war, before the country managed to stabilize. He'd survived when many others had succumbed, but he’d come home before he was fully restored for Peggy to nurse him. Then the mother had fallen ill, and Peggy had nursed her, only Sara Rogers had not been as young or hardy as her son and the family buried her not long after.
“So what did you find?” he asked and Pavlok nodded, beginning with the first document in the folder and sliding it across the desk for Tony’s review as he spoke.
“We’re here! Péter was dead wrong. Father did send for us, just like he promised, and the trip took ages! The girls kept having to go to the bathroom even though Tony told them to go before we left and Tony says I have to share a bed with Ian but I don’t want to. Tell him I don’t have to! Ian takes all the covers and he smells bad – ”
"Oh yes, he's a pretty one, but while you're gawking like a ninny the loaves for lunch have gone to ruin. Justin will have both our heads!"
He’d work the lean lines of Tony onto the paper. The bend of his legs, the smooth dips and plains of his arms, the way his shirt hung open and his eyes caught the shimmer of the water.
“Yes?” he answered belatedly, and Tony took a breath, paused and then swallowed whatever it was he had been going to say. It didn't happen often but Ian knew what it looked like now. Tony had smudges of oil at the corner of his jaw, like he’d tried to wipe his face clean and missed a spot.
He swallowed another mouthful of soup and tried to ignore the bitterness that brought him.
“Good, keep that with you. Fire only when I tell you to. Understand?”
“Can Cameron come too?! He’s never been to the festival either," Artur asked sweetly and Tony shook his head regretfully.
I did not hate it. But I hated how easy they made it look, as if all it took for our father to heal was a song or two.
“Billy makes his living these days penning adventure stories.” Stefen revealed, and it came together suddenly in Tony’s mind. Captain Adventure. Discovering that Stefen was the artist had been enough for Tony to suspect that the publication was used somehow to trade messages among members of his network. Tony was certain that half the reason the rag hadn’t come under suspicion was the loving detail with which it was created.
“Say no more Captain,” Susann said, taking pity on him. She seemed to remember her customer then because she hastily steered them over to a section filled with children’s sized clothing and saying, “Just let me finish up with Frau Neumann and I’ll be right over to help with measurements.”
Don't hate us but...
"Hold him still!" he barked as the man groaned and twisted beneath his hands.
“You should be.” Steve had never wanted to shake someone so badly, but he shut out the rage and the fear – the whole storm of emotions – shut out everything but how to get Péter back.  He turned away sharply, striding from the room as he pulled the whistle from his pocket and whistled sharply for Virginia.
“Time tables moved up Buck.”
It was a lie, and they all knew it, but no one refuted the words.
“T'as pas de coquilles!”  Clinton laughed down at him, expression so unbearably smug as he reached for the bag of pebbles tied at his waist that Tony wasn’t sure if he was tempted to throw something at the little monkey or laugh.
All three of the monks had turned at the sound to find Antony paused in the cloister beside an overladen wheelbarrow that looked in danger of spilling more of its contents on the next push. It was clear that Antony had already seen them, and that he had been attempting to sneak by unnoticed (no doubt down to his workshop where he liked to disappear for hours) and as soon as Nik's eyes met his the man rolled them heavenward, turning his back on the three staring at him from across the garth and bending to collect the spilled scraps and bits of metal that were now littering the cloister.
He heard her shift closer and pried his squeezed eyes open, struggling to keep sucking in air.
Stefen hadn’t moved his hand or even looked away, only said, “I don’t know if I’ll ever see you this way again.”
“Herr Hammer, is everything alright?”
“Artur wants to go to the lake tonight,” he answered offhandedly.
, and it had never seemed to bother him too much that his wife Maria was in hearing distance.
“I’ve been died on Stefen, remember? My parents left me alone in the middle of a war. I hated my father for sending me to the monastery.”
, a first edition at that, and in quite good condition besides its age. Still, the spine creaked as Tony opened her, the soft old pages smelling strongly of some sort of perfume and – no, not perfume Tony realized as he discovered the dried flowers tucked between the pages. Edelweiss.
that Tony’s impulsive behavior would be their end, but it was Steve himself in the end who had signed their death certificates.
“So bring Charlotte” he allowed, reaching out to mess up Steve’s hair. “God knows you owe the poor woman. You’re a miserable date.”
Steve shifted, SS Captain Khalmmer’s hand sliding off his shoulder for the second time in minutes. The captain had been glued to Steve’s side all evening. Khalmmer was a tall man with light hair a shade too dark to truly be called blond, who exuded the easy sort of charm that the Führer liked to cultivate in his followers, pleasant company if Charlotte’s gay smiles and easy laughter was anything to go by. He had a surprisingly gentle touch for a soldier, but his presence was unwanted all the same. Steve was in the last place he wanted to be, surrounded by the most dangerous people in the world.
If they’d met sooner. After the war. Before he’d married. If Tony could have met him back when he was fresh and broken from the war… he’d not have let Stefen get away with hiding so many wounds. He’d not have allowed him to think he must carry them all alone. He wouldn’t have left him alone in his head, with only ideals to keep him standing.
“Come, I’ll show you where the musicians and I are getting ready.” Frauline Van Dyne gestured, smiling broadly, and Herr Stark and the children eagerly followed her.
Right then.
And Because monasteries are segregated by gender we set our favorite monk in St. Peter's Abbey, across the way. Pictures below.
Tony had been certain that James would cave long before he and Péter returned, but he should have learned by now, not to bet against the Rogers stubbornness. The sun had already dipped behind the other side of the mountain, the sky darkened to dusk, when the cabin came into view.
Steve could see the appeal in the architecture but he found how it shouted to be looked at edging toward stupid. No thank you. He’d take the house he’d built with Peggy in Salzburg any day.
Stefen had the scarlet fever once already. He'd caught it and survived it, only to bring it home with him.  Only to infect his family and kill his wife –STOP! Not important! Tony aborted the thought quickly. No one's fault either. Just bad luck and overworked army physicians overlooking the possibility that his belongings might be contaminated. The important thing was that once beaten, the likelihood that the disease would come back was exceedingly rare. Not impossible, but Tony was familiar with the look of scarlet fever. Had watched Bruce treat it hundreds of times. No rash. This was not it. He knew it in his gut. So what was it?!
"No, please don't bother yourselves on my account. I just found myself thirsty."
Steve was about to answer when one of the magazine’s slipped from her stack and fell to the floor. He moved just when she did to pick up the fallen object. He was faster.
Of course, their Captain was too busy to deal with the matter himself, but that didn't mean the task wasn't of the most critical importance. The complaint had been registered, the army properly notified, and an investigation imminent. If there was a question of Major Rogers loyalty then it must be answered, and answered with swiftness, but a man of his reputation and influence must be handled delicately. Given Hammer’s unsavory record, they needed evidence to support his claims before they brought their report to Herr General Schmitt. Stevens hadn't failed his captain in a task he'd been set out yet. He wouldn't start with this one.
“Magda.” She finally declared, and Steve knew it was her name though she didn't elaborate on a sur-name. It would be harder to kill her now that she had a name.
“What for?” he asked, though he thought he had some idea already.
“After throwing up your weight in bodily fluids, it stands to reason you would be a far less heavy man.” Tony mumbled. He shifted again, rubbing a soothing hand up and down Stefen’s chest, not at all ashamed that he was tucking Stefen into his arms as if the man was one of the children's lovies despite his grumblings. “I assure you that is not the case.”
“We’d like you to kill Hitler.”
Tony had no idea what to say to that and no intention of touching that statement with a ten-foot pole. He knew Farkas was making his decision so he just waited.
"Alright back, give it room!" Tony warned, making sure that Péter had scrambled back as the trunk finally gave way. They watched, panting for breath as the tree toppled over with a shower of snow. From the other side of the fallen pine Péter grinned at Tony, his cheeks bright with exertion. Tony flashed him a brief smile, sharing the momentary high of accomplishment. But there was a ways to go yet and they needed to move quickly.
“- surely did not intend for me to spend the rest of my days here without a chance to visit with friends. Sounds barbaric. What would my dear friends at the abbey think?”
It was safe at the cabin. God at least he hoped. He had to get there. Had to find his children. Schmidt was looking. He’d drown them. Butcher them.
Göring considered himself a man of high taste who liked to surround himself with all sorts of luxuries, and his private estate was no different. Built in the style of an alpine hunting lodge it sprawled like a fortress in the middle of the forest, guarded by bronze statues and iron gates.
They lay like that until Stefen’s body made other demands of them, and sadly not the pleasant kind he was certain they both missed. Tony helped Stefen limp to the washroom and back to the bed and prop himself up slumped against the headboard and set about cleaning up the super ware. Tony wanted to stay. He was very good at coming up with a million and one reasons to do so, and to ignore the part of him that insisted on reminding him how damn unhealthy it was to feel a sense of panic every time you left someone’s side. He should go. There was plenty of work to be done. Helping Péter for one in the workshop turned laboratory. It was a lot of pressure to put on the boy’s shoulders, making sure the formula for the binding agent was mixed correctly. By rights it should be Péter here, propping Stefen up and offering comfort. Just because Stefen refused to allow his children to see him this way and bear the brunt of his journey to recovery didn’t mean Tony shouldn’t be in the workshop more. His hands shouldn’t shake at the thought of leaving the captain alone for five minutes.
No one on board had turned on any lights and yet there were shapes moving about on the deck. His eyes narrowed as a gangplank lowered from the ship and he watched speculatively as several bodies (hard to tell just how many in the darkness) came to meet the woman as she reached the end of the dock.
“He was a professor of mine, briefly, and one of the greatest Physicists of our time,” Tony replied sadly, old memories he’d not thought to dust off in years trickling through the back of his mind like whispers.
“I’m sorry, Captain, but I didn't hear them over the storm.”
"But I suppose..." he pondered slowly until even Péter had looked up from his plate, cautious but undoubtedly curious. "… I suppose if it drags out, like it did last time. You'll just have to come stay with me."
"Nightcap for you Cap?" Tony offered the steaming mug in his hands with a cheeky grin. Stefen gave him a peevish glance, no doubt because of Tony's continued insistence on using the nickname, but reached to take the mug just the same.
“A woman like Frau Stark wasn’t making social with the PO’s, Bakhuizen.”
Five ducklings accounted for Tony continued his search, finding Péter once more in a group with the older children from the youth programs. He was talking to a pretty brunette and there was a faint blush on his cheeks that might have been blamed on the cold, if not for the way Harry and Bobby were standing behind him, snickering and trading all sorts of looks between them.
Tony remembered laughing at the Chauffer’s teasing grin. He did not remember Stefen watching, either that time or any of the others. He swallowed thickly as he discovered more and more sketches of himself, usually alone but sometimes with the children or mid chat with one of the staff.
“That’s because it was wrong before.” She insisted. “We were not being taught the correct things. There were bad people who poisoned our country and the minds of its young people and the Führer put a stop to it!”
Stefen broke out into the first real smile Tony had seen all day, blindingly bright.
Steve didn’t move, his eyes flicking between the drink and the man offering it with unbanked suspicion. The captain’s lips tilted toward a smile.
The house wasn't tomb like now, Steve mused quietly to himself, listening to Ian telling Natacha about the bookstore they'd visited in town and the other scattered bits of conversation floating around the table.
Stefen had left the house in full uniform, but now he was hatless, hair filthy with soot and curling around his temples sticky with dried sweat. His jacket was torn in several places and his skin was littered with small cuts and bruises.
In proper German this time Steve gentled his voice and tried to ask after the old man’s welfare.
Is that him? Stark’s son? I didn’t know he had a son. Oh yes, I heard he’s mad and that old Hughard sent him to an institution. If he can build like his father he can be as mad as he likes.
A state of fear blanketed everything. It was inevitable that people were beginning to talk about pushing back. It was human nature after all to cast one’s eyes about, looking for weapons, when they were afraid.
Baroness Schrader stood beside him now, somehow managing to look just as elegant and formidable as she had at the start of the evening despite games, races, and dances. She was watching the Captain dance just as avidly as Tony was, but there was something in her eyes that made Tony nervous. It was both soft with the familiar agony of longing, and sharp with hidden daggers.
“Vati! What are you doing?” he heard one of the children cry, couldn’t quite tell which one with his back turned and his pulse loud in his ears.
~*~*~*~
“As you know I'm leaving for Vienna in the morning,” he reminded the man and Stark nodded, his eyes flicking behind Steve, most likely to Frau Hogan.
Pepper probably would have had a heart attack at his recklessness when he was carrying such a precious load, but it was such a refreshing change from moodiness and grim stoic faces to see Sara so delighted. She was laughing so uproariously he wasn't sure if he should be concerned for her health or laugh along with her.
"Goodbye Charlotte."
Only, Péter knew he wasn’t.
Still,
"The baroness will be with you soon, Major." Charlotte's butler had said when he’d left Steve sitting in the parlor, so here he sat, waiting with all the foreboding of a tenant at their lord’s doorstep. He shifted uncomfortably in his seat, feeling at once too big for the sofa and as if it were too big for him. The urge to stand and pace ate at him and he bit the inside of his cheek to keep himself still. The clock above the mantle clicked on.
“Damn it! Are you crazy?” Tony yelled, throat stinging as he grabbed the man’s shirt one handed and attempted to pull him back inside the safety of the truck. After a moment of resistance, Bucky slid back inside.
Tony raised his eyebrows in surprise. He hadn’t expected that. It was on the tip of his tongue to voice to deny it, when Stefen continued. “I dream about the children, Peggy... sometimes my Ma and Grandda.” Stefen’s voice rumbled and cracked, still healing, and he cleared his throat a little and pressed Tony's arm more securely around himself. He turned slightly toward Tony, until their faces were within inches and his breath ghosted over Tony's neck, sending little pin pricks of sensation down his spine. “About the caravan too. My uncles… back when me and Rachol used to wait for the day’s work to be done for Bucky to come home.”
They were all of them thin and worn, carrying the fatigue brought on by weeks of hard labor with little food to support them.
Lt. Stevens quietly observed the tense faces in the room from where he stood at attention beside his captain's desk. Agent Neuman stood across from them, his mouth clamped tight in a tense frown.
Tony stayed lost in his troubled thoughts as he drifted through the house and down to the kitchens.
“Stark I’d like- that is…” Stefen opened and closed his mouth again, swallowing visibly before he seemed to pluck up his courage. “Tony, I’d like it if you came with us tonight.”
Tony had asked, wondering how they were going to keep seven growing children fed, who were not at all accustomed to rationing.
“Stop.”
*~*~*
"Even if it's their job?" Péter challenged, a hard edge to his tone that made Tony wince, suddenly terrified of the consequences behind all their words. As if he expected the S.S. to come pouring out of the trees.
A match had been struck and all of Salzburg was holding its breath again, to see if this time the flame would catch.
“I dream about you.” Stefen answered slowly, with familiar decisiveness.  Slow to trust, but once decided, firm in his resolution.
He'd well and truly damned himself now. Damned them both, but he couldn't bring himself to care and the pressure against his hip told him no tales of regret either.
He finished his food and was loading his bowl with more when Stark interjected into the silence once more.
"Really?" Tony scoffed, "you're going to hold your future hostage over some pipe dreams I scribbled in a journal when I couldn't sleep once?"
“I knew you’d come. We’re loyal dogs you and I. Let’s hope it does you better than it did me.” Dvorak began to chuckle over some private joke and Bucky narrowed his eyes at him, quickly calculating his options. There wasn’t time, and Bucky refused to leave without getting what he came for.  Grabbing him by the back of the collar Bucky hauled the other man up, ignoring the way he tripped and stumbled over his own feet as Bucky dragged him toward the wash basin sitting atop the wardrobe, where a rag and a razor had been set out. Unceremoniously he shoved Dvorak’s face down into the cold water, holding him down just long enough for the man to thrash once or twice before pulling him back up by the dark strands of his hair. Bucky repeated the process once or twice before letting the man go with a shove and stepping back, while Dvorak gasped and sputtered for breath.
“I was thinking of taking the children on another excursion.”
“Bucky she could be anywhere.” Steve still held on to hope because it was easy for him to do.
But they wouldn’t, he reminded himself, forcing continued calm. Because they didn’t suspect anything between them. Still, he couldn’t help the prickle of shame he felt whenever the subject of Tony came up and Bucky would look at him that way. It wasn’t disgust necessarily, and fear didn’t quite cover it either. Just a sense of otherness. Like Bucky’d opened his eyes one day and discovered Steve was some other type of creature entirely.
“It wasn’t true,” Tony denied vehemently, fury burning in his mouth as he clenched his teeth until they ached. He’d wanted them. He’d wanted them so badly. “Hughard he… he sent me to a monastery in Salzburg. I-I tried to write you but…”
Bucky leaned in close, tired of the woman’s lies, hissing dangerously in her face.
“We won’t go back!” the boy cried. Tony noticed that he had a small butter knife clutched tightly in his fist. He didn’t stop to wonder when Pietro had snatched it from the table or why he was carrying it on his person. He strode across the room towards the covered table where the radio he and Péter had built still sat. It would be a tight fit but Wanda and Pietro were both slight.
Tony’s heart hadn’t beat so hard even when he’d stood up in front of the children to speak treason. There was no stopping it now it seemed as he and Captain Rogers slipped from the room and quietly shut the door behind them.
“It was treasonous talk. Why didn’t you report it?”
The way Vankov said the word study set Steve’s nerves on edge.
Henry Reynold Osborne (Harry to his friends) had been Péter’s playmate since they were small boys. Their mothers had been good friends, but their fathers less so. Harry’s father Norman was an important business man from old money who had married into even older piles of it. Norman Osborne was the sort who looked down on people born into the wrong class. Péter had once overheard Harry’s father remarking to a fellow party guest that it was a shame for high born ladies to serve as nurses, because then just about any low born soldier could get ideas. He’d known Harry’s father was talking about his parents and the fact that Péter’s father had been born on a farm to nobody of account. It had made him angry and Péter had shouted at him and kicked him in front of everybody. Mother had been embarrassed and had sent him away without supper when he refused to apologize, but later when he’d told them what Harry’s father had said she’d told him that people like Norman Osborne were fools who didn’t know any better, but that he still had to mind his elders.
“Historically Great Brittan has had the naval advantage in sheer numbers. Hitler intends to overthrow that balance and having been on a Stark made vessel, I can assure you that this is something that you do not want. The Navy suffered after the untimely death of their master ship builder during the great war. Had he lived perhaps that war would have ended differently. All the information I’ve received indicates that the company has stabilized and is eager to meet these new demands.”
A few quiet months, and then poor Margrit had fallen ill.
“A School? What School?”
Captain Rogers was a very closed man before he befriended Mr. Stark?
“You bring Peg back here and I'll hurt you.” Bucky growled. “Don't put her face on your guilt. It’s bad enough you’re using me.”
~*~*~
“You’re very brave, you’re gonna have to be braver still and it's not fair.” Da’s voice scratched and he cleared it before going on. “But I know you can be. You hear me? Everything will be fine.”
“May I be excused Father? I have an important morning ahead.”
“To make money for the familia she told fortunes to the gadje wherever they went. She said it was easy to tell a gadje their fortune because they all want to hear the same thing. 'They will be loved one day, they will be admired and respected, and grow rich as Mitus.’ Most importantly, they want it to be easy."
“Bronze if you have four children. Silver if you have six and gold if you have more than eight.” Natacha recited in a very controlled tone. She was staring out the window at the rain that had not let up, looking very small and girlish still in Steve’s eyes, in her coat and stockings. He didn’t understand how anyone could look at her and see anything but a child.
“I know you don’t want me to know but I do. The wolves are real but there is no huntsman coming to cut us out of the belly of the beast. I know life isn’t a fairytale, but I thought if I had a choice, I’d rather be the man with the axe than the girl in the red hood.” She finished with conviction, her eyes narrowed on him with defiance, daring him to challenge her justifications.
“Captain Rogers, sent all this? The same man who accuses me of spoiling his children every chance he gets?”
The drinking had been a good idea. A pleasant relief from the barrage of his senses. Every day it was like… it was like water. Yes.
Stefen held still for his touch, staring down intently at Tony with eyes so dark a blue in the dim light they could rival a night sky. Tony licked his lip, chasing the taste of Stefen that still lingered there and took a deep shaking breath as the need deep within his gut intensified. It was the need to taste, to take Stefen in his mouth and render him undone. As undone as Tony felt inside himself.
“Aye aye, Captain.”
They were listening to one of their parent’s old records, he realized somewhere in the middle of his storm of thoughts as he and Pepper burst into the room.  The children were so wrapped up in their merriment that for a moment they continued, laughing gaily as they spun and danced about. Wanda was holding the hands of the two younger girls and spinning them in a wide circle, and somehow, Pietro had pulled Natacha from her gloomy mood enough to convince her to dance, the two of them grinning at each other as she showed him the popular swing steps she wasn’t supposed to know.
It was exactly the wrong thing to do though because Bucky’s eyes snapped to him as soon as he moved and Tony knew in an instant what would happen. If Bucky was a cornered dog, then he was about to bite.
Without warning he stepped toward Steve, and a moment later there was a sharp sting against his side followed by a numbing sensation. He was very familiar by know with the feeling of injection. He could only gape at Dvorak in horrified confusion as the other man grabbed him by the shirt collar and began to drag him toward the door.
Steve's face drained of what little color was left. "What?"
But then again why would he? He was probably still just on edge after his talk with Hammer, Steve reasoned to himself. He could only imagine what Bucky might have had to say to the butler to assure the man kept what had happened with the flag to himself.
Gathering his wits, Tony hurried after them. There was no sight or sound of alarm down at the worksite, and with the train yet to pull away they weren’t visible from the station but there was no time to lose. The police would finish searching the train soon enough and find the door of the luggage car open. It was like waiting in a powder keg. Any second from now the alarm could raise, the combined forces of the S.S. and the state police raining down on them. Tony helped Bucky secure the children in the back, double and triple checking that they were well hidden before running to get in the passenger side – Bucky so intent on getting them out of there that he started the automobile before Tony had even managed to sit and close the door behind himself.
“It’s all the rage in Budapest. Is that from the children?”
Tony did not judge him for that fear. How could he? To lose one’s wife was bad enough. But then to face the possibility of losing your children on top of it? It would have driven Tony mad. He didn’t quite know how Stefen could be standing there as straight backed and outwardly put together as he was when he was so clearly at his wits end because were Tony in his shoes he certainly wouldn’t be.
"Why can't we go on tour with Uncle Bucky?"
Tony scoffed at him but didn’t say anything further. If he was going to learn to keep his mouth shut he supposed there was no time to practice like the present.
“Ian, come on, you ought to rest.” Tony tried to keep his voice gentle but he was quickly losing patience. What was it about the Rogers that made them act like mules? You couldn't perfect anything in a day.
"I suppose she will." He grunted in reply hopeful that Bucky would just let the matter drop. He wasn’t so lucky.
Tony nodded opening his mouth to elaborate but Natacha smoothly interrupted before he could get a word out.
“Buck.”
“It is a niche magazine but it has a strong following. I can have Pip take down your information if you’d like to be put on the waiting list for when subscriptions open up?”
They watched as he turned gracefully in the water and came back toward them, popping back up beside Ian who started, nearly tumbling.
Péter’s voice suddenly loud in his ears pulled him from the old memories.
Artur frowned and butted Steve's leg with his head. Even from his vantage point Steve could see the deep frown on Artur's little face.
"You'll be quick I hope? The smell here is unpleasant." Tony wrinkled his nose, and it wasn't all for show. A distinct odor of sickness and unwashed bodies surrounded them. "What are those poor wretches over there building?"
“You ought to stop by and see me, to get your official ancestry credentials. You need them to marry, and it would be a shame to waste genes like yours. Hughard was a man of genius and I can see by your enlarged -” Tony’s eyes widened, wondering what on earth was going to come out of the woman’s mouth next, but thankfully that moment another voice intruded.
“I wanted to kiss you earlier in the kitchen. Just like this.” He murmured, brushing his lips over the sensitive skin with one last parting touch before he pulled away, his breathing likely as roughened from continued exertion as it was arousal, but he set his jaw stubbornly and reached for the necklace in Tony’s lap.
While his siblings were happily twisted in their seats to press their faces close to the windows and watch the scenery go by he was sitting hunched, staring blindly out the window as if he didn’t see any of it. Oblivious to the excited chatter going on around him.
“Hey Stevie?” Steve grunted in acknowledgment and Bucky turned to him. “What did Stark say to you, that day at breakfast?”
“Hammer, if you hadn’t noticed-” Tony began loudly but a door burst open down in the hall below, startling him enough that he almost sent a heavy text toppling to the floor.
“Why was the Major not informed?” she asked, her brow wrinkling with deep thought. “If you've truly arrested Dr. Erskine on suspicion of malpractice, why did you wait till now to tell him?”
They were allowed to take nothing with them or put any of their affairs in order. Understand. In a single night, their lives as they knew them were over.
They’d made it back to their hotel room and Steve had closed the door firmly behind them. When Tony strode towards the bedroom like he was on a mission, Steve followed, feeling the beginnings of a fight coming on and resenting it when all he’d wanted since they’d left was to have Tony in his arms again.
Ahead at the break in the wall a man stood at the open gate clearing mud and grime from the path with a broom. He paused warily as Steve approached and when he asked what was going on, the fellow gave him a queer look, clearly wondered if Steve had been living under a rock.
“You know they are Tony.” It had been months since they had gotten in touch with Jann, who had gotten in touch with The Castle, and it was now February, going into March. Rescue was not coming quickly, but it would come because they needed Steve for the mission.
“Can you stand?” he asked, and the girl shook her head with a sob.
~*~*~*
He couldn’t quite remember how he’d gotten there. He’d been in the garden? Or had he been back in the study? He’d woken up with a headache. Natacha had brought him coffee and cake again. He’d gone outside to patrol the ground’s but then what? All he could remember was the dull throbbing pain in his head getting worse and worse. Waves of heavy terror engulfing his body like he was sinking in black water. And then he was here, clinging to the sink for dear life, his chauffeur's concerned face filling his vision.
Listening, Tony thought back to that day so long ago in the music room. She’d told him the reason she called Bucky by his given name was because there was no one else who did. Tony had thought it insightful for a girl of twelve. But it was more than that he realized now. Natacha was someone who observed the world and everything around her with keen eyes.
"Well you're a poor guard dog, because we're both here and from where I'm standing he looks pretty damn alone."
“Quite right. When the dragon was as big as the house itself it said to the boy ‘You took mercy on me. You saved me and fed me when I was smaller and weaker than even you; but I am big now, and I must go home.’ But the boy was sad to lose his friend, and did not know where the dragon’s home was to take him there. ‘Climb on my back and I’ll fly you over there’ the dragon said.
Bucky, healthy, loud and presumably endeared with the way Steve followed him around their camp like a puppy, had taken the task to heart. The uncles had laughed and asked Bucky who his little gajo friend was and he’d declared that Steve wasn’t a gajo but his prala.
” Bucky, leaning up against the mantel scoffed with a wink.
“Would you listen to that?” Hammer scoffed, eyes on the ceiling. “The Captain never would have stood for that before.”
Steve was gearing up to remind him why it mattered to him that his children had the opportunities they’d never had growing up when Bucky reappeared holding his letter in front of him with such a subdued expression that the thought fled Steve’s mind.
They’d been closer back then.
"It's going to be useless if we sit around in the open talking about it." Bucky snatched the little canister from Tony’s hand before he could stop him, his heart lurching in his chest as the other man tossed it unceremoniously back into the case and shut it with an angry click.
“Can we sing about our favorite things?” he asked hopefully and Tony smiled as Natacha nodded, reaching for his hand as they began to walk toward where Maria waited.
“That’s what they’re saying, Captain. I could drive you two tonight but it would be hard going. I wouldn't do it on your own.” He nodded at his wife.
He was beginning to see why the Father Abbot had so readily rid himself of the man.
“Why, what’s so special about it?” Péter asked curiously and Tony tapped one finger against the page of his personal journal, laying open in his own lap, where he’d detailed notes on the atomic makeup of uranium.
He didn't really expect Stefen to answer. Stefen had that hollow look in his eye again and had sunk into a telling quietness that, while not quite stirring Tony’s worry, had them all glancing his ways more often than not. There seemed to be an unspoken agreement between Bakhuizen and the children that for now, Stefen was not to be engaged. He was like a giant stone that they rippled around without disturbing.
“Tony.”  Tony blinked up at him and immediately got lost in the blue of Stefen’s eyes, because he’d stepped closer and was looking at him again as if Tony was the last real thing in the world. “I want you to come. Say you will.”
Charlotte frowned, her fingers tightening slightly around her glass.
As Captain Rogers brushed past him to head back into the music room Tony stared after him, something wild beginning to flutter within his chest. It felt like hope; because Tony had always been smarter than most and his mind put together quickly the things not said. Stefen had not expressly forbidden him to take the children out again.
“Thank you children, but I have something important to discuss with Uncle Bucky today.” Steve answered, disappointing everyone it seemed but Bucky.
Steve lifted his brows in question and Khalmmer shook his head a small grin softening his mouth.
“Emile Costa, I think his names was, school playmate for years, fell down dead at the start of fall term.”
Or the way Rogers he'd looked at Péter and the boys as Ian had all but sworn his life away for a scrap of approval from his father.
“It was the one thing I could never tell Bucky.” Stefen admitted gruffly, seemingly apropos of nothing, after another long moment had passed with neither of them speaking and Tony nodded slowly in understanding.
Magda grabbed Steve’s flailing arms and he blinked into the too bright light, trying to bring her looming face into focus. She looked ill, white as a sheet and terrified.
Steve bit into his bread, staunchly ignoring the man. His stomach turning, whether from his injuries or from what felt strangely like guilt.
It took a quick casing of the house to realize that Tony must have retreated to his own room, the locked door a giveaway despite his refusal to answer any of Steve’s knocks.
“It’s okay Tony, we don’t need anything. We know things are -” Ian began, but Tony cut him off with a glare and a decisive swing of his ax. He left the tool embedded in the trunk of the toppled tree and caught his breath as he looked around them, taking in the quiet forest for the first time with new eyes. Concentrated not on the task at hand, not on survival for the moment, but taking it
~*~~*~
Her mother. Natacha's boots crunched in the snow as she walked, slow and steady around the house toward the sitting room window she'd left cracked open for her return. The answer had come to her.
“Because they have to try and find their family.” Péter filled in when the silence had stretched too painfully, sparing either Cameron or Daniel from either having to defend their action or beg pardon for it.
He was angry, and even though it was unfair to be angry with Stefen when he had done his best to keep the children away from Nazi indoctrination as long as he could, when it had been Tony himself who had pushed them out into the world; there was no helping the quiet rage that simmered inside of him with nowhere to go.
Also fun fact about Leopoldstadt, the district that he and Bucky lived in as young men is a sister city of Brooklyn. It officially gained “twin-city” status with Brooklyn in 2007 due to its high percentage of Jewish inhabitants before the war and similar social and cultural development. :) we did that on purpose (obviously) because we wanted to maintain some of their MCU "Brooklyn boy" aesthetic.
There. He’d said it. The words echoed in the quiet study like a gun shot and the captain went very still. It was a long moment before he spoke again, his voice tight and controlled, but somehow sounding small in Tony’s ears. Ashamed.
“Péter will be a man before you can blink and you’ll have lost the opportunity to know him! The children are the god damn
Steve’s body went tight, faced with the clear suspicion in the prince’s dark eyes but he calmly accepted the drink though he made no move to drink it. He noticed Bucky didn’t either which told him that the other man wanted a clear head in case of confrontation.
He’d been struggling with the decision to send the children away. He'd heard of people in the countryside taking in children. England, France, Switzerland , they were even making a profit out of it. While he knew it was perhaps bitterness that caused him to think so ungraciously, he could not think on the prospect with anything but.
“You’re late,” he said. He licked over his cut lip, letting it sting.
There might be an infinite number of reasons Schmidt could wish to move him. The two most important were, one: either Schmidt had caught some whiff of their plans and was looking to deter them because he had no real proof. Or two: it was just another power play, fielded by Schmidt's disgust of him to remind him who had the control here.
, before Steve’s mouth was swallowing him whole.  “
Tony snapped out of his days and reached for the captain again. He managed to get an armful of frightened soldier before he was thrown back with surprising ease. He snatched at him again pulling at Stefen’s swinging arms, trying to restrain him the way he’d seen Bruce do on so many occasions. It was like trying to ride a bucking horse. There was another loud crack in his ears and then a bright burst of pain and Tony went down dragging Stefen with him.
He’d just decided to turn away and return to his bed when the woman turn down a dock not far from his window, heading toward the dark silhouette of an anchored ship. He perked to attention.
“She loved Jarvis as much as I did. I trust that. She may not help me, but she won’t betray me.” Tony’s free hand squeezed his arm, a gesture of comfort, and for a moment Steve wondered at the way warmth traveled up the appendage and into his chest, before he blinked away the distraction. That was all it could be, until they were safe.
“Then send him to school in Switzerland where it’s safe!” Tony snapped back.
He’d gone immediately to his chair in the sitting room, the one he’d only started using again when Tony had come to stay, and lowered himself into it like an old man, to stare at the flames in the fireplace. Artur had plucked up the courage after a while to go sit with him, and everyone supposed it was a good thing that Father had wrapped an arm around Artur’s thin waist and pulled him into his lap without a hint of resistance. Only Natacha seemed to see it for what it was: an admission of defeat.
“I know that! Your father knows that. You know that! Fuck everybody else.”
Natacha looked less than impressed as she shook her head at Bakhuizen disapprovingly, a soft smile tugging at her lips.
By the time that Brother Bruce came to relieve him Tony had been scrubbing the floors of the infirmary for so long that the light from the candles had become little more than stubs. Although it was dim they cast a stubborn glow over the stone walls and mostly empty beds like the most resolute of soldiers. Looking at them reminded Tony of too many things he didn’t want to think about (too many bodies burnt through like cheap wax and just as carelessly tossed away). Tony had seen more than a few soldiers in his time, having lived through the Great War.
"I have nothing more to say on it Tony." Steve overrode his objection with a stern stare until the monk had closed his mouth again with a frustrated snap, understanding that the subject was closed. But of course, the monk wasn't finished. Tony never was.
"Good luck soldier. You're going to need it," Tony shot back over his shoulder as he got into the car.
The officer looked uncomfortable now.
That snap had come from outside and not from within. He’d broken the rope tying him to the post, he realized dizzily. For all the good it did him. Steve was too weak to move so much as a muscle. He couldn’t even lift his own neck enough to breathe free of dirt and mud. He lay there on the ground, gasping and huffing desperately for air as he waited for the woman to strike.
"Uncle Bucky caught a rabbit Tony! Only, he broke it's neck and Maria’s crying." Artur looked only half as guilty about this as he seemed to think he should, the gleam of excitement still in his eyes even as he shifted his weight bashfully and cast worried looks in his sister’s direction.
"They were sweet on you Stefen." Bakhuizen winked at him roguishly explaining to their eager audience, "Only reason they let us stay at the inn with no money and fed us up is because they thought your Da was cuter than a button."
“I can cannibalize most of the parts I need and build it in the attic. I can design it to be unobtrusive.” Tony assured him, his heart pumping hard with the thrill of newfound purpose. His thoughts were racing because in truth, he had no idea how he was going to accomplish that but he wasn’t about to back down from the challenge.
“Ian!” Ian froze as his father stalked toward him. Tony felt the hair on his arms raise and fought the urge to lean away, faced with the sheer intensity of Stefen’s gaze as he bore down on them. When he was toe to toe with Ian he spoke again, very lowly.
“What is this?” he asked in awe as he flipped through the pages, eyes widening as he took in Tony’s work.
Tony opened his mouth.
“That is so.” The warden acknowledged through clenched teeth.
“I imagined being a doctor and restoring my patients to glory for Germany and countless other daydreams children have. I didn't quite imagine this…” For a moment the doctor looked horribly wistful as if he might start sniveling, but the strange moment passed as quickly as it came. The man blinked rapidly and straightened his spine as if were coming awake and cleared his throat.
“It’s ambitious,” Steve summarized, straightening up as he drummed his fingers against the top of the desk. “I can see why Hasenkamp is worried. There isn’t enough man power for this.”
“Should have seen how the silly girl fell all over this one. Completely ignored the fact that I was there.” Zimmerman grumbled good naturedly.
Was he buried?  Under, under... No, he was cold but there were walls. He was in a room, but the room was rocking. He was on a ship? He hadn’t been on a ship since the war. Where was the enemy? Had he fallen asleep in the snow? He had to get up, before he froze. Before it buried him alive.  No, no, no. He had to get up.
Bucky's eyes flickered toward the nearest armed officer, who was looking admittedly very bored watching the people hustle around him, each of them giving him a noticeably wide berth. Clinton laughed, all white teeth and wide smirk.
“Herr Sark!” Tony paused at the sound of his name. He was halfway up the staircase, the books and manuscripts in his arms balanced precariously. He shifted them impatiently as Hammer took his time sauntering slowly towards him, three small parcels under his arm.
“Stay,” Stefen instructed in a low rumble and Tony’s throat was too dry to so much as get out a word, though he doubted he’d have had the breath for it even if he’d had a mind to try. He nodded instead, eyes squeezed tightly shut as Stefen kissed the side of his jaw.  And then down his neck. And then Stefen’s teeth were tugging at the tender lobe of Tony’s ear as he reached between their bodies and wrapped one calloused hand around Tony’s aching cock.
"What is it?" Captain Arnold barked and the door opened, the police secretary sticking his head in a moment later.
“My ankle.” She whimpered and Tony gingerly grasped her foot, noting the puffy swollen flesh he could feel beneath her stockings.
The man who had brought him to the study didn’t leave when Stanislov waved Tony further into the room from the highbacked chair sat beside the fireplace. Instead he went and poured two glasses from the decanter on the edge of the desk, handing Obi a glass and failing to offer Tony any as he settled himself to watch the two of them, smirking all the while.
~*~*~*
“He was breaking into the house Herr Stark!” Natacha informed him, not taking her eyes off the other child as he righted himself and got gingerly to his feet, one hand pressed to the side of his head.
Stefen still looked hesitant, obviously torn over the idea and Tony knew why a moment later.
He didn’t know details but Tony didn’t need specifics to know that Rogers was up to his neck and sinking fast. He knew what type of man Captain Rogers was supposed to be, as surely as he knew that he’d never be that man. Rogers wore the uniform of a Nazi officer because necessity demanded it but it was as much a sham as the robes that Tony had worn at the abbey. Maybe Stefen could never be at home in that uniform because that boy that Tony had heard about, the soldier boy who defended the meek and stood up to tanks, was still alive in him. Or maybe that was just Tony’s foolish heart, getting dangerously mushy again.
Stefen didn’t sound as if he could finish, but Tony wasn’t going to let him regardless. He didn’t need to know where those words could have lead if he’d managed to get his tongue around them. Tony knew what he wanted, and what the damn concrete floor beneath their feet said about what Stefen wanted and he didn't want to spend another moment thinking about their fears!
"Stop pretending you don't understand what I'm trying to tell you. I'm not here to save my own skin, Stefen!" Tony practically shouted at his back, standing abruptly from the piano bench. His hands were twitching as if he wanted to ball them into fists, or slam them against the piano. Steve wished he would, wished Tony would give him any reason to put his hands on him. Anything was better than the wounded expression that Tony was pinning him down with. As if he was the one with any right to be hurt.
The thing about that was... Tony had no idea.
“It’s about standing up on my own."
Every mile that stretched between home and Munich seemed to crawl by. Tony found himself emptying his head of all thought the only way he knew how, which was to focus on his memories.
“Artur Tony has his own bed.” He reminded as gently as he was able but Artur began to tear up, his little face screwing up miserably as he pressed his running nose and teary eyes to Steve’s thigh.
"Yes?"
“So you just felt like barging in here because you had something on your mind?” Bakhuizen barked and feeling the man’s dark glower Tony turned toward him and met him with a frank stare.
Péter, he knew, was still blaming himself for telling Harry of their plans – and yes, Tony couldn’t say he hadn’t had his moments of wanting to lay blame at his feet. But what good would it do? Péter was still so young. He still believed in the inherent goodness of others. He’d believed, wrongly, that his friendship with Harry Osborne was impenetrable to betrayal.
He was distracted from the feeling when Maria skipped back to present them both with bracelets she’d weaved together out of edelweiss. His throat clenched tight at the site of the little white flowers but he let her slip it on his wrist anyway and tried not to blush when Tony beamed at him. The world didn’t end and the memories thankfully stayed at bay as they walked in the summer air. They were from his daughter and there was something precious about that in itself- but he couldn’t seem to keep his eyes from flicking back to where their match sat on Tony’s wrist and thinking he liked the way the petals looked against his olive skin.
Damn him, but Stark was right. One could even call him intuitive, at least where the children were concerned, and if Steve could just rein him in, make the rest of his behavior align with some sense of reason, then he might just pass Schmidt's inspection and Steve’s plans to keep the children out of harms way might just actually work.
“Sorry, father.”
Steve told Charlotte he’d changed his mind about the party that evening at dinner. He’d come down to the dining room for it, which he insisted be held in the dining room that evening. Tony fretted he'd overextend himself, but Steve firmly believed the best medicine for a body was simply to get back to it as soon as possible. Besides, they both knew good and well they couldn't afford to let his body heal as much as they might want to. They were leaving before the new year, and the sooner Steve could spend a full day on his feet the better.
He was too old to be scared. He
Fear jolted suddenly down’ Steve’s spine, and he parted his lips gasping quietly for breath. He couldn't see her!
Bucky needed to do the same, but for the first time he hesitated, watching as Schmidt and Dvorak traded fire. Bucky knew what Steve would do; what Steve would say a good man
“We deserve a better world,” he rasped through the tightness in his throat, and she paused taking him in in silence. He swallowed thickly, too aware of her eyes on him as he burned with the conflicting need to hide his face in shame and to hold her tight and make her
They were gone.
9:15 PM
him to. Not if he could help it, and as long as there was still a chance that he could, Steve was determined to keep him as far away from it as he could.
“I think I understand now.” Tony said softly and he leaned up pressing a dry chaste kiss to his lips. Steve held on tight.
He winked at Maria who beamed up at him and felt something in his chest clench when James barked a startled laugh which quickly turned into an embarrassed cough.
She led them all the way downstairs, past the ballroom and into the back near the kitchens. As they approached the kitchen doors Péter thought he heard movement from within, the shuffling of feet and the sound of whispered voices.
Coulson paused, and Steve got the sense that this time he really was a little taken aback. Many people made the mistake of thinking that he and Bucky were just two dull witted soldiers, only good for shooting their way through things. When would these people get it through their heads that it took brains to lead men through a war zone and get them home?
“Who does?” Charlotte asked, confused.
“One nation, one empire one leader! But a man’s got to stop and have drink and enjoy himself now and again yes? You ought to bring the children next time, they’ll love-”
It was far past time they got another of their electives underway and Tony thought that a little engineering lesson wouldn’t go amiss what with the puppets and boats in their future, but to get the right materials he’d need to go into town and since Hammer had already made it clear Tony wasn’t to use up Harold’s time with ‘frivolous nonsense’ he supposed he was going to have to hike it. Town wasn’t far by automobile but it was too far otherwise not to make a day of it. For that he’d have to take the children with; which in turn meant they were going on an outing. Tony had grand plans for the bikes he’d seen in the garage gathering dust (and for the ride along seat they were going to have to make for Sara) and by god they were going to have some clothes they were free to ruin if it killed him!
"Yes, we are!"  Steve roared and Tony sucked in a harsh breath as if Steve had struck him and sat down heavily on the piano bench.
At that moment the frog Tony had spent his entire evening trapping for a life of capture (poor bastard) chose that moment to croak and Artur shot up like a rocket.
Something bright opened in his chest and he snatched the letter up eagerly.
With a single blow, in the eyes of the public Tony would go from a man fighting for his rightful inheritance to a nasty tempered Jew trying to steal the jewel of the German Navy.
“Misconceptions all around. But, now that we’re all better acquainted how about showing me to my room?”
The thin man moved showed Steve to his usual spot, in the back near the east facing the windows. Even though it had been years since he’d occupied it something in Steve was relieved to see it unchanged. Kurt clasped his hands in front of him, leaning on the balls of his feet as if ready to take flight and asked with a painted smile if Herr Bakhuizen was to join him. The smile didn’t falter, when Steve gave a curt nod.
"I’m here. You're not alone."
“Stefen… oh Stefen… oh Christ.”
Fowler's Solution. Of course.
"Stark, I wanted to thank you. Yesterday was... well the children quite enjoyed themselves."
His family taken care of; Steve went back to watching Bucky eat.
And it was a man, not a wall, a certainly tall and well-formed man, but just a man all the same. A man with smart dress and a wicked mouth. A mouth that was dipping deeper into an annoyed frown the longer Tony stood their gaping at him like a witless fool.
We sincerely hope you enjoy this chapter and want to take this moment to thank all of you. We couldn't have asked to be having a better time with this or be 'meeting' so many great people.
By the woman's own admission, the doctor had not treated anyone in over half a year. So surely any fool could reason he was not responsible for whatever illness had struck down the major?
“No, they won’t. I won’t let them. Tony stop. Look at me!” Tony stilled beneath his hands, eyes fixing on Steve like he was the only thing solid in the room, his breathes coming in hitched gulps.
She'd found him bent over the sink, blood smeared on the porcelain, shirt off and skin mottled with deep purple bruises. For what seemed like an age she’d stared at him, eyes wide with horror, then she’d seemed to come out of it in a split moment. She’d pursed her lips, turned on her heel and left him. Steve's stomach had dropped but she’d returned a moment later with a medical kit and had silently seen to him.
It was all he could manage to get out as he threw himself against the doors and pushed his way outside into the seething mob.
Bakhuizen cleared his throat and added, “What could it hurt Stefen?”
“I presume this is something you taught them?”
Steve bit his tongue, willing the thought away not to invite more pain.
.” The girl insisted again with a pout.
"The captain has given the rest of the staff the night off. It's just Harold and I." she explained succinctly, seemingly unaffected by Tony’s unusual dark mood. She seemed distracted by something, her mind deep in thought even as her body continued about its work, moving to open the back door for him so he could empty out the bucket.
“I received orders only this morning to escort the major to his post.” Dvorak announced firmly, watching the doctor's blank expression carefully. " My orders were also to give a full report on his condition when I found him. I am curious to know when this threat to Major Rogers life was discovered and why I was not informed?"
Stark did not heed authority. He said what he pleased, went where he pleased, did what he pleased, based on his own judgment and (scarily) encouraged the children to follow the same principle.
Steve sat heavily, wrapping his arms around Artur’s middle. Artur rested his head against Steve's chest, fingers playing with the hand wrapped around his middle. Six months ago he wouldn’t have been able to handle sitting like this, everything in his body telling him to move, muscles unable to stay still. If this were six months ago Artur wouldn’t be anywhere near him. Grip tightening around him Steve sighed and shifted Artur so that he could sit next to him more comfortably, but something about Stefen’s mood must have rubbed off on him because Artur whined softly and clamped onto him with surprising strength.
"No, please I -" Tony, still catching his breath from that rather vicious kick he'd received and trying to understand what was going on, reached plaintively for the pair and halted when they flinched away from his hand. They were so terrified he felt cruel just looking at them. In the harsh shadows of the candle glow they looked ghastly thin, like a pair of ghouls with the whites of their eyes swallowing their faces.
Flushed with shame and swallowing the sudden urge he had to burst into tears like a useless baby, Péter bit out through his clenched teeth, “He was just a Jew.”
“I had thought to share them with the maids but there wasn’t time,” he drawled in response and Steve gave him a stern look.
Tony let the bundle in his arms fall, allowing his weight to sink down on the bed once more as he took Stefen’s face between his hands and rested their brows together.
Seeing the way that Artur wilted Tony clucked his tongue.
"He won't cook Herr Rabbit?"
"It's what a real man would do." Péter answered with bite but Tony didn't seem to be effected by it.
“It paid the best, when you could find someone willing to give you a shift or two,” Bakhuizen filled in, waving the cigarette he held precisely between two fingers. “Stefen’s right, it was miserable. I prefer not to think about it. Let’s change the subject.”
"I know the stance on sanctuary
"A real prince?" She sighed wistfully, eyes round and dreamlike. "I wish I could sing like Frauline Van Dyne."
“Take this,” Bakhuizen said gruffly, shoving their basket of food into Tony's chest. Tony wobbled backward with the force of it.
Steve nodded his head, swallowing down his fear. Enough now. He could do this for his son.
He remembered Nona begging him to come home to them, to people who loved him, his people, and her assurances that things were different in Pola now that it was Italian again. She’d told him to bring his children. He wondered how she’d known him so well after so long apart.
Tony glanced back at him as if pulled by a magnet. Stefen had tucked one leg up underneath him and was gazing off somewhere above Tony's shoulder. Taking himself to task, Tony shuffled the plates under one arm and walked over to his side of the bed, perhaps tellingly, also the side closest to the door. Stefen blinked up at him as Tony clasped the back of his neck, and as if reading his thoughts Stefen let out a little sigh and leaned into him.
Péter’s mouth fell open slightly but he quickly closed it. He shifted uncomfortably, glancing at her speculatively out of the corner of his eye.  He wondered how she’d been able to tell he hadn’t just been watching the fireworks in the dark.
“Natacha, your brothers are out back. Go fetch them and join Pepper in the schoolroom.”
’ gypsies. He had only a hunch, but he would put money on it that the true culprits had nothing to do with the unlucky people who had picked the wrong city to camp outside of.
NARRATOR: Tonight, hour after hour, by short-wave wireless through the ether and along the cables undersea, Europe looks to the Third Reich with awe and trepidation as Nationalists shake loose the grip of Jewish financiers. As the headlines record every flying fact and rumor, the citizens of a captive Europe watch and wait and try to understand, even as the brave among them begin to muster support for similar action within their own governments. In Berlin...
“The war in France is not going well.” She announced before she’d shrugging out of her coat. “Talk is, they’re on the retreat from the German forces. Of course, now they’re refusing to take refugees, feh! The Americas are still accepting some, but oy vey they are stingy with their limits. Shanghai opened its doors just in time. China. Can you imagine? I tell you, the lord in his wisdom.” She breezed through with a shake of her head, only stopping to drape her coat over the back of a kitchen chair. The next thing Tony knew she was squeezing him in a hug with impressive vigor for a woman of her years.
“Governess really.” Tony drawled shaking the woman’s hand. Susann barked a startled laugh even as the grey haired woman still standing at the counter, watching them unabashedly made a shocked noise. Steve glanced at her and she paled when their eyes met, flinching and looking away. He frowned, realizing that she looked frightened.
“They’ll be subdued.” Tony pointed out, without looking up from his work carefully beginning to assemble the materials of the explosive.
“The mail isn’t secure. We could blow our cover here Tony.”
"Ignore her." Stefen heard Harry crow as he slung an arm around Péter's shoulder.
Rogers was a thorn. One he’d do well to be rid of. It was no surprise to Dvorak to hear of him questioning the mass deportations and the decision to build more camps in Czechoslovakia, in front of the Führer no less! Rogers had always had that insufferable gall, along with that unbending moral code that made him so nauseatingly righteous.
“It would keep my mother at bay.” Her laugh was strained with little joy behind it. Her eyes skidding past him to someplace over his shoulder. “She’s so adamant to know when we’ll have children of our own, not that I think she thinks less of your children.“
In front the path continued winding upward into the trees, the top of the peak obscured through their canopy. An impossible climb his weakened body insisted, but Tony and the children were up there.
And all the while he was carrying this secret that would have made him very unpopular in Austria at that time, and later would have seen you all possibly sent to the camps.
A tour? Tony thought. Right in the middle of everything? But he supposed Hitler couldn’t let the so-called victory in Czechoslovakia pass without making the most of it.
That, and with the city's eyes on them, eager to see more and know more about the famous Captain Rogers and his family, Charlotte wanted them to appear as much like a happy and cohesive family as possible. She understood what the Germans wanted from all of them, perhaps better than Stefen did. People wanted to believe that all was well, and that the country would continue to prosper under its new leadership and nothing calmed that anxiety so much as the picture of a happy family. A proud man in uniform with a dutiful woman by his side, and strong healthy happy children. All of them proud to do their part for their nation.
Harold stomped his boots clear of snow and scraped his feet on the doormat before carrying the pile of wet wood in his arm over to dry by the kitchen stove. When he was done, he came over by the sink where Tony and Pepper were washing up from lunch in order to wash his hands.
) every time he attempted to close his eyes.
Despite the struggle it had been to organize them the first go around not a word of protest was given to this plan. Ian abandoned the one-man boat in favor of switching with Péter without so much as a word of complaint and James didn’t even revitalize his complaint that Ian had been thought old enough to handle the one-man boat on his own.
“What else do you know about him?”
Bucky didn’t look appeased. Pursing his lips in a resigned manner he sighed.  As Stefen pushed past him to head for the door he heard Bucky shift behind him and entreat his back, “Be careful Stefen. He might be more dangerous than you realize.”
"You don't know me as well as you think you do Frau Hogan." Charlotte replied evenly, smoothing her hair into place. She turned and brushed past the other woman to open the door and walk into the hall, calling for her maid. Virginia followed her with a frustrated huff, and Charlotte could feel her gearing up to launch into another tirade, or perhaps another round of pleading, but Charlotte had no time for either. They'd have to move very quickly if her plan was still going to work. She didn't have the time she'd thought she'd have to convince Sophie and Georg to interfere. Now, she'd have to rely on her parents and they were going to be much harder to sway.
Their tutor’s strange behavior had unnerved Péter almost as much as seeing the old man beaten. It wasn’t like Herr Stark to be so cold, especially where the girls were concerned. He hadn’t even looked at Sara, who had clung to him the entire ride with tears streaming down her face.
“It’s real hope Stefen!” Tony insisted, beginning to lose patience. It was clear that Stefen was dismissing the idea, without even really considering it. “Certainly, more than he’ll find in the damn Reich. They’re going to break him. You can’t just –”
Next to him Sam took a breath, pausing for the first time in a while and Steve caught sight of a familiar cafe, the same one he had met Virginia in all those years ago. The Rembrandt was closed now, boarded up with a large yellow Star of David painted over its windows.
“What the hell is a crustacean?”
“My family is at stake!” Dvořák thundered and the cool air of calm around Rogers broke, as the man slammed a hand down hard on Dvořák’s desk.
It was just like last time. They would make do, and then Da would come home. It was just like last time.
“We are not done with this conversation.” Tony hissed lowly, turning sharply on his heel. If he slammed the door on his way out, it was only as good as the idiot deserved.
And there it was indeed, in plain ink, signed by his father’s hand.
But the problem with being this angry at his best friend and last remaining family, was that when he wasn’t consumed with a frightening amount of rage at the prick, he was twisted up with a cocktail of misery and loneliness.
Only, he’d have to leave the children and stubborn lot that they were he’d likely miss them. And god knew they needed someone to help alleviate the demands on their shoulders. Little Sara barely reached the table.
"Just...they're people, start with that first." He said slowly. "Like you’re talking to Peter or Tacha. Or one of your friends, you can talk to them can't you?"
When the show wrapped, Natacha was one of the first out of her seat and Tony hid a grin as he stood and clapped with all the rest. The dancers took their bows, and the spell that had hung over the room for two hours began to break as the master of ceremony came on to remind them all of the curfew and urged them to get home safely. Even so, the feeling of walking within a dream lingered, hanging on like a sweet perfume in the air as they left with the crowd and began to make their way home. The streetlamps lit their way, illuminating the snowflakes drifting down lazily from the sky.
“It’s alright,” Steve assured the trembling man in Polish, and the trembling fellow’s eyes snapped away from Captain Altera and back to Steve. “You’re sure it was this man you saw, walking away from the pub?”
“The little French boy outside, he was a nice touch.” Steve grunted and for the first-time Coulson’s lips stretched into a visible smile.
Tony felt rather than heard Stefen move, the skin on the back of his neck prickling with heat a moment before the captain breathed his name lowly in the quiet room.
"As long as I am able.”
A trip into town offers Tony the opportunity to finally bring the Rogers children out of seclusion (never mind their father's rules) but an incident in town might just be the very reason Captain Rogers would prefer to keep his children at home.
“Now!” he shouted, continuing to ignore the flustered soldier as he circled around the left of the car, eyes trained on the rear doors as Scott and Jons popped up from the back of the truck and opened fire behind him. Through the rear windows Bucky could see there was still one left in there with Stark. It looked like the guy had tried to pull his gun, but Stark was wrestling him for it. Bucky let out an annoyed huff of breath but didn’t move, watching and waiting for their bodies to shift just the right way and offer him a clean shot.
~*~~*~
“He wants to see you in his office. Give that here.”
“Father is the bravest man in Austria.” Ian declared. Though his voice was soft in the quiet room there was a firmness to it and the stare he leveled at Péter. “He won’t let us down. If he says he means to talk to Herr Stark then he will.
Natacha nodded wordlessly, and Tony could not tell by her expression whether it was a simple truth or the baldest of lies. No matter. Werner blinked slowly and the moment passed, her expression chilly once more as her gaze turned to the only unfamiliar face in the lineup.
“More like I want to visit an old family friend.”
?” Tony couldn't help the sarcasm. “Why is that, Tacha? Did he lose a fight with a mandolin.”
“What song is that, that you are playing?” One of the prisoners asked from a few cots down, pale eyes staring out at Steve from a face, offputtingly puffy over skin and bones, and Steve glanced up, fingers freezing mid tap.
He'd had to go he reminded himself. And soon he'd be back. Then he and Stefen could come up with a plan to help track down Péter, and then they could all leave. To London, Tony thought, pieces of a plan coming together in his mind. None of this ‘sending Tony and the children ahead and meeting them later’ nonsense. Stefen had purchased a home in Switzerland but he had ignored every chance to send them there. Tony was as sure now as it was possible to be, that the reason was because a retreat across the Swiss border represented a surrender, and Captain Rogers would never surrender to the Third Reich.
The trip cable had worked exactly the way they hoped it would. The first vehicle in the motorcade hit it at high speed, its wheels spinning and squealing on slick ice as it slammed into the wire and over ended like a child’s toy, the whole wood gone silent but for the screams of the men inside.
"It's our only shot."
The union simply made sense. Stefen’s conditions were strange but not overly difficult to comply with. She had no issues with retreating to Switzerland for a time, and keeping the tutor employed only made sense if they were not going to send the children off to schools. Making sure the children were always cared for was nothing she wouldn’t have done in any event. They were Margrit’s children after all, and regardless of what the rest of the family thought of their father the children were blood.
It was too easy to think of slapping that sneering grin off Emil’s face. She thought of his hand squeezing her shoulder, and the shock that would be on his face if she turned and jabbed his belly. He’d never call her little girl again. She’d make him pay. She’d make them all pay.
She was right in all that she'd said. He was putting the family at risk. He could only hope that one day she would understand why he’d had to go.
“No, thank you.” he said as politely as he could manage but his voice sounded clipped even in his own ears.
In truth Tony probably felt fine besides the lack of sleep, but waking him up to eat breakfast with the children wasn’t going to fix that particular problem.
He was determined to find real answers now, and no longer willing to believe that Stanislov had been completely forthcoming with him regarding their fate. It was more than time that Tony take his life back into his own hands. Farkas had admitted that Tony’s father had put things away for his future, and Tony wanted to know the full details (because he wasn’t about to leave his fate in the one eyed Abbots hands either).
“Ah,” Jan nodded again with a soft sigh. “I’d like to see it.”
“Spring’s around the corner, I know, but it’s not so very warm yet-” She was placating now, head tilted up and looking out of one of the few gray windows in the barn.
. Breathe a word to your pig brother and I’ll kill him, before I kill you.” He let go and the girl bolted, weeping and squealing like a frightened piglet. He spat after her, cursing silently.
Pepper, as it turned out, could be rather threatening when she was displeased. Tony did not feel it wise to cross her.
The thought of closing his eyes to sleep with Artur ill terrified him, unable to shake the fear that he’d slip away while Steve slept the way so many of his comrads had done in the mountains, that he’d wake to shake Arturawake only to realize his body had gone cold in the night that the sleep that gripped him was final. He tensed up, clenching his teeth tightly together prepared to shake his head adamantly before Tony’s hand slipped over his.
Good man? He didn’t think so. But these days he thought that if he could somehow get back some of that skinny Roma boy he’d once been, he might not land somewhere half bad.
“We’d be stopped and taken in. The whole family moving at once when I’m supposed to be recovering will tip them off.” Stefen immediately refuted with a tired sigh. “And it would put Charlotte in a dangerous position.”
Informing the head of the German Youth that his daughter was showing significant improvement, enough to allow her involvement in the BDM, had been sound strategy. Natacha was sharp and intelligent, smarter in some ways than even Péter, and Steve trusted her to know what to say and how she must behave to keep their family safe… but she was a child still, and he her father. Moving her about like a pawn in this deadly game left his gut twisting sickly. He couldn’t relax. What sort of a father was he, to do this to his child?
“If you want me to put my crew at risk transporting wanted goods you’ll tell me what the hell this is about Bakhuizen.” Kirk demanded, white teeth flashing in the lamplight as he leaned forward in his chair.
~*~*~
Beautiful or not, it was a strange gift to give another man, and despite his earlier teasing Tony didn’t really count wearing feminine items high on his list of vices; but he resolved himself not to get upset until Stefen gave him an explanation. What he held was full of meaning for Stefen, Tony didn’t have to understand it to see it writ in every line of his face.
Tony couldn’t fault the boy’s logic. He rather thought he would to.
Pepper glanced to Hortense who quickly nodded and scurried out, no doubt to inform Willamina.
was the one who could have been hurt. Steve’s spine snapped straight. His head came up and a moment later his hands were roaming over her body, checking for injuries.
“With you as a teacher Stark I’m sure she’ll manage both,” he turned slightly, leaning close to Tony to murmur. He could see the amusement glinting in his eyes even in the dark.
“Owe! God damn it enough!” Tony shook the boy loose, grateful that he was already layered for the outdoors and the boy hadn’t gotten much more than a mouthful of wool. Even so, the shock of it, the boldness of this little
She had no doubt that at heart Captain Rogers was a very passionate man, but she would never apply that word to his regard for her. Their evening at the prince’s welcoming ball was a prime example if ever she’d needed one. He’d spent most of it either holding up the wall or talking about the military with Prince Thor, hardly paying any attention to her at all.
“You gave them today Antony. We wouldn’t be here if not for you.”
“Stefen?” Charlotte's voice cut through the sudden shock of silence, her eyes wide with concern.
“How's he doing?” Tony asked, leaning on the door frame. His dark eyes settled on Steve, all the intense and worried.
"What are we dad?" It was phrased innocently but Steve knew him better. He had a clever boy.
Steve frowned darkly but found he didn't have much to combat that with. Though he wasn't always comfortable with it, people trusted him. They believed that when he said something was right or good that it must be true.
, otherwise known as the German Youth Movement; the League of German Girls and Hitler’s Youth was born from their structure. The Führer must have admired their accomplishments greatly.”
“Tony taught us to sing that song,” one of the little girls piped up, obviously forgetting the golden rule when attending adult parties that children should do their very best to be seen and not heard. Frauline Van Dyne smiled sweetly at her however and her eyes flickered to Herr Stark who was standing beside the captain. She did not seem at all shocked to hear this child address an adult by his first name but perhaps she was just good at hiding it.
Péter's jaw clicked shut. Tony knew that sound. The conversation was done, at least for now.
Steve really should have known better than to ignore his instincts. Tony had seemed so sure that the Navy had given up the idea of recruiting him, but Steve had damn well known better. He knew how armies worked and Stark Industries was too valuable and too heavily depended upon for the success of Plan Z for the matter to die so easily.
The boys had gotten progressively more vocal throughout the lesson, eager to try the moves themselves. Steve pushed Bucky by the shoulders and sent him stumbling backward.
Dagmar opened the door, letting in a blast of cold air and spoke to whoever was on the other side.
Tony was pushing his luck, he knew it, but in all honesty the man was kidding himself. No constant supervision, hah. That was exactly what the Captain wanted. Tony couldn't wait to see what the curriculum guides looked like. With a father so unabashedly militant it was no doubt little better than Führer propaganda signed and stamped with tiny swastikas.
“Absolutely. If you think I’m eccentric now, at seventeen with something to prove I was downright heathen. If it had a chance of angering my Father I probably did it. Twice. He’d about given up hope that I would ever amount to anything, not that he’d ever had much to begin with. Trust me, I deserved it.”
“There’s no more room!” The man whose auto they’d accosted yelled, jerking the car forward and tearing off down the street before Artur had even managed to wriggle far enough to drag the door shut behind Steve. The strangers’ eyes were wide as dinner plates, the little hair he had falling into his face.
But he couldn't fix that one anytime soon and the other he was working on, so in the meanwhile there were letters to be written. Tony resettled himself in his seat and flipped on the radio, using up the fountain pen ink just to be a brat and concentrated on detailing the mundane existence of the Rogers household for his two overly demanding masters.
Steve is not okay, poor duck, and now there's this crazy monk running around.
Ignore the terrified faces of the deported as they marched past your windows, on their way to anywhere but here.
One shouldn’t be out done after all but it wasn't the order of things. Officers were meant to be separate for a reason. Outside of uniform was one thing but despite Major Rogers thoughts on the matter, the soldiers respected them because they were worlds apart. Like gods really, all knowing and ever present. They weren't meant to be shacking up with the troops over cards for God’s sake.
The fun of it helped clear away some of the cobwebs in Tony’s head, the frustrated exhaustion that had begun to cloud his mind. Eventually however they were forced to slow, the children not used to such exertion. He felt a stab of regret watching James struggling in the back. He was only eight, his legs considerably shorter than Péter's. Even with Péter's questionably weak heart, James still had to carry thirteen or so kilos of excitable little boy behind him.
Tony had just gotten the children settled into their rooms for a few quiet hours of play and was looking for Harold for a ride into town when he spotted the baroness sitting alone in the sitting room. The radio played a news report in the background. She had paper an and pen in her lap, clearly meant to be writing a letter but her eyes were focused somewhere distant. She looked deceptively small in the big backed chair, a delicate flower in an elegant day dress, plucked from the vine and deposited into the cold lonely room. Tony's steps faltered as he passed the parlor door, hating himself a little for the moment of empathy when she looked up, startled by the sound of his footsteps and locked eyes with him.
And to the amazement of all they complied with near perfect obedience (Sara refused to end her goodbye hug and sniffled when Frau Hogan finally pried her away). Hammer did not look at all pleased, though Tony didn’t know whether that had more to do with his behavior, the children’s, or the likelihood that one day Weiss would have to return and the house would celebrate it (he suspected the latter). The butler gave Tony a sour look before departing a stiff farewell to the captain and marching even more stiffly after Frau Hogan and the children.
What was he to make of a man like Stefen Rogers? On the one hand he was everything Tony had expected from a vaunted military hero and on the other… the man who’d stood before Weiss did not fit the portrait of Captain Rogers, hardened office of the Reich.
Tony leaned back and took a deep breath, filling his lungs with air, and then released it in a long practiced yodel. He felt a little silly at first but it had the desired effect as one by one the children sat up, their interest piqued, looking to one another for permission to join in. The captain had stated for a fact that yelling was not allowed in the household and he was banking on the children’s natural bent towards the mischievous to be on his side here.
Steve couldn't bring himself to peak any interest in following them. Ian had gone soft in his arms and whether that was from trust in the water or trust in Steve’s ability to hold him he didn’t really care.
Steve woke with a jerk, sitting up off the floor. He felt something laying over his legs, and panicked, grabbing the thing twisted around his legs and shoving it off of himself. He dragged in a breath, but the taste of blood was sharp in his mouth. He jerked his head around, wild eyes scanning for danger.
The captain’s door was first a few paces down the hall, from the top of the stairs Tony could see the telltale flicker of light beneath the door that spoke of a lit fireplace. It was warmer on the second floor and more lights were lit in general, but Tony couldn’t keep his brain from imagining the worst as he crept toward the closed door. Thieves had come and had murdered the family in their beds and were now burning the evidence. The SS had figured out his identity and traced him back to Stefen and the family. Or maybe they’d come for Stefen due to any one of the numerous pots full of treason the captain had his fingers stuck in. Tony didn’t know how he and Péter were going to take on armed men with just a kitchen knife and their wits but –
"But the poster... I thought they were gypsies." Like you seemed to scream in the silence but said once before, Tony did not tempt fate by saying the words aloud a second time. Stefen huffed a disparaging breath.
He was turning to go when a thump came from behind the door and then another cry, this one sharper.
He could change the world. The war. He couldn’t save those poor people, but he could sure as hell avenge them.
“Your father will hardly know the difference-” Tony began, but to his shock the girl bristled like she’d been jabbed and dropped the jumper she held to the floor as if Tony hadn’t spent the greater part of the morning slaving away on it.
"Come on Stevie, don't tell me you can't make it through two repetitions of ten." Bucky's hand slapped down on the floor in front of his face, commanding Steve's attention and he glared at the offending hand, then up at the smirking face of his best friend, who was sitting cross legged on the floor in front of him, chewing on a licorice stick.
Peter thought he saw something shadowed pass over Tony’s expression at the question. His tutor nodded in reply and said with a sobering amount of gravity.
From the moment rumors of Plan Z had filtered down through the network, Steve had known they would come knocking. If the Führer was asking for the impossible, the only solution was to cast their hope on the name that had gotten famous for making the impossible possible.
“With the children,” Virginia chimed. “In the dining room”
"You're not a cardinal, are you?" Brother Albrecht asked in a somewhat hysterical tone and Tony found the adrenaline leaving his body in a rush, leaving nothing behind but bone deep exhaustion and the hysterical urge to laugh. Bruce started first, giggling lowly as a he dragged a tired hand down his face.
to force an old man to clean up his own blood? Blood they spilt!” Tony barked and Péter winced.
Days without word. It was beginning to wreak havoc on Tony's equilibrium. He knew that there had not been enough time for Stefen to have gotten his letters and replied to them, but he could not help his anxiousness. The last broadcast from British Intelligence had not struck him as favorable. What did it mean that Wendy was home alone? It could mean anything, but Tony could not shake the cold feeling of dread that lay heavy in his stomach or the foreboding sense that something had gone terribly wrong.
The door had a lock, but the knob moved smoothly. Still the door didn’t budge when he pushed. Blocked from inside, he realized.
Why hadn’t he
“Don’t you ever sleep?” He grumbled taking the empty seat beside Steve and pulling the one across the table close enough to prop his feet up. “You’re going to lose your eyesight drawing in the dark.”
Steve gritted his teeth with frustration, seething.
Steve grit his teeth. There was a tone to the way Hammer spoke his title now, a subtle jeer as if he were smirking behind his teeth.
The coffee house was understaffed. It didn't take a genius to see the way the staff scrambled to accommodate the size of crowd. The clusters of university students who had apparently made the café their headquarters for the morning instead of attending class were nothing compared to how busy the place could get in the height of summer, but the neighborhood had suffered heavy losses after the Nuremburg laws went into effect and the few waiters left on staff were struggling to keep up. Steve took another glance out of the window, eyes flickering over the dreary street. The buildings all looked gray and washed out. Winter's slow approach draining all the color from the city. Or maybe it was in the air, the residue of tragedies running through all their veins.
“What makes you think we won’t go get him?” Natacha was challenging him, and Péter could see Daniel tense like he was ready to run, but Cameron just shrugged.
“Of course.”
"I could be a squad Leader!” Péter groused and Steve ground to a halt. There was an unfamiliar challenge gleaming in Péter's eyes, but the defiant set of his jaw was all too easy to recognize.
“Goodness.” Bethany chuckled lowly, her blue eyes dancing with amusement. “Your employer is incredibly generous. What is it you do?”
“Don’t even joke about that,” he warned, snapping the journal closed. He took a step toward Tony, catching him by the collar and tugging him into the kiss he’d been aching for all night. Tony’s resistance if it was there at all was gone in a blink as he moaned and sank against him, his body fitting perfectly against Steve’s.
“No teacher to recommend him. Got it. Who taught him, if you don’t mind my asking?”
Tony smiled. It looked like the gloves were finally off.
“After then. Come to me after, when everyone is gone and the children are in bed.”
Da’s room still looked as if he might come in at any moment. His jacket was still thrown against the dresser and the dressing kit he’d used to fix Ian’s blouse lay open on his desk.
"Yes." It was easy to admit it out loud somehow, far simpler than he’d ever imagined, and contrary to all of his built-up fears, the children seemed to take it in stride. The younger ones took their que from the oldest two. Péter sat calmly through it and Natacha might as well have been a stone staring at her plate.
When you were so far away
Bucky straightened in his chair, his eyes narrowing as he took his first good look at Tony. He was in his everyday clothes, not the dirty shirt and wrinkled trousers he usually worked in when he disappeared to the garage or his workshop for hours on end. Bucky’s hackles rose. Stark had clearly changed before coming to breakfast, and he wasn’t carrying the tell-tale scent of motor oil, so a wash must have been had followed by fresh clothing. Definitely not something in his pocket.
There was something off about Stark. He was dangerous to Steve. Bucky was sure of it.
“You apologize-” the monk’s expression was the same blank canvas his voice drawling slowly. Steve immediately tensed.
~*~~*~
“Why are you so curious about Antony?”
"You’re probably right." Bucky agreed, swerving the truck so violently Tony was thrown against the passenger door. Christ! When he could right himself, he glanced quickly into the back of the truck, relieved to see that nobody had fallen out. The men in the back were all hunkered down, trying to make themselves as small as possible, but the soldiers chasing them were gaining ground and soon it wouldn't matter. They'd be sitting targets.
He should be better than this. Combining sex and carnage was a line he felt should not be crossed, and yet look at him.
Tony didn’t run from it like he had before. Without breaking stare, he let his fingers trail softly over Stefen’s skin, let the fine hair dusting his arm tickle the pads of his fingers. He watched as Stefen’s eyes lowered to watch their progress, drawing Tony’s attention to the impossible length of honeyed lashes – and Tony gulped, heat pooling low in his belly.
"Basht, Stevie." Bucky called as Steve's  form disappeared into the crowed.
“Where did you learn to swim like that?” Stefen asked when he and Ian had reached them and it took Tony’s brain way too long for a genius to make sense of the unexpected question.
Close up the windows, bring the sun to my room,
"Can I be frank with you Antony?"
“It is my job to help you become the best versions of yourselves that you possibly can be, so there will be no shirking of either your intellect or your artistry in my classroom; and to have a real chance at either you must be given the freedom to question. The Führer may very well be an exception, but Antony Stark is just a man…” Tony took a breath and then went on with more gravity than he’d ever given any speech in his life.
fuss.
In the space of a minutes he’d eliminated all his options. He was a realist, and realistically there was no going back from this.
. He hung there, panting desperately for breath, suspended on the rung of a rickety wooden gate before spots danced in front of his eyes. It was so hard to breathe. He couldn’t... he couldn’t....
“I’ve not seen anything that would make me feel Herr Stark should be out of a job, just yet. His manners are lacking, clearly, but I see no reason to dismiss him.”
Then again, why wouldn’t he? He’d done it before.
“See, he’s giddy just thinking about it. It’s very important, and it’s our job to see it done right.”
“So I have heard.” Tony responded politely. If he was honest, Captain Adventure sounded like just the sort of brainless drivel he usually liked to avoid.
“I can be a gracious man, fair, as I see it.” he rested one hip against the desk and picked up the glass of stout, sipping it gently.
He needed to think with his head and not his cock. He’d say there was merit in trusting ones heart, but his was damnably flawed and past the point of corruption where the Captain was concerned.
Ian's head whipped back around to meet Tony’s eyes with a startled expression. He blushed a humiliated red, ducking his head and trying to appear as small as possible.
No, Bucky thought, a cold kind of anger creeping into his chest. You certainly didn’t.
“I don’t know if I can risk that, Virginia,” he finally answered her worries.
“What? You think this fine house and that uniform you wear means nothing? It means you are a Nazi!” Pietro snarled and Péter was sure they would have come to blows until Wanda's hand shot out and gripped his in a death grip. Péter and Pietro both froze, staring at her.
Except… it was difficult for Tony to imagine now, that Stefen would have done such a thing.
As the subtle notes of olive and iris tickled his nostrils Steve realized too slowly that it wasn’t a phantom of his imagination. He must have lost time again, because Tony was there just behind him with the children crowded around him and his uncle’s hand upon his shoulder. Tony was saying something to James who had taken his hand and didn’t look prepared to let it go; but his eyes looked over the children’s heads and found Steve’s again, full of worry and question.
“I'll leave with you. Countries that I’ve never seen or shared, with you now I’ll go. On ships over seas, that I’ll now know. But they don’t exist anymore, and would I have to brave them alone? Without true light of my own. I’ll leave with you, my love, I’ll leave with you...”
“Why?"
While Tony could hear a certain similarity to the Russian language in the words that Steve was speaking lowly and urgently to their unexpected visitors, they were definitely not close enough to be Ukrainian. He kept that knowledge to himself for the time being as Steve got back to his feet and gently nudged the young pair towards Pepper.
The silence that followed was full of expectation, and nervous tension. Tony could see them both thinking but could tell that they had not yet fully grasped the potential set before them.
Rogers had shown up at his doorstep feigning camaraderie out of uniform neither of them had ever felt for the other, and armed with that damnable earnest voice of reason. If they did not act, things would get worse. People would suffer.
“Right as usual Natacha.” He nodded at the young woman in acknowledgment before smiling down at the others. “But I’m afraid we’ll have to call it quits for this afternoon-” a chorus of groans rose up and quickly quieted at Tony’s stern frown.
"I don't know Buck," Steve sighed. "But a way will present itself. It always does."
The man had barely finished speaking before James was hurtling at him. He knew that voice! He knew who it was!
It was as he’d suspected.
That was new.  The man’s conduct toward Tony had never been exactly warm but lately it was downright chilly. He watched Bakhuizen’s retreating back and the easy language of his body as he sidled up to Ian and Péter.
Tony scrubbed at the soup pot with Pepper beside him at the sink, half his attention on the kitchen door and the other half devoted to deep consideration.  The house had become a prison for all those who inhabited it. They couldn’t just sit around and wait for the Nazi’s to decide what their fate would be. The Abwehr questioned them all daily and there was no telling when one of the children would slip up and say something too revealing. It was bound to happen and he wouldn’t blame them for it when it did.
“Besides we’re leaving. They’ll be after us either way.”
Tony shoved his hands in his pockets, careful to keep his nerves in check.
Slowly Magda tore her eyes away from the injured man and looked back at her sister. “We’ll get...we’ll get some blankets and then we will call the police.”
She should have been on top of the world and yet Natacha behaved as if she were just going through the motions; as if none of it held real meaning for her any more.
"What is the meaning of this?" he heard Stefen bark in the hall and the cold reply of an anonymous officer.
Bucky shivered and Steve moved closer, the lamp post light catching his hair, making it bright and staining it gold as he ducked his head. Hard to imagine the man in front of him had blossomed from the runt Bucky’s mother had given him to watch over. It was no wonder to Bucky that the Germans tripped all over themselves to adore him, but Bucky would be lying if he said he’d never felt a curl of envy about it.
And it said something, that James did not even put up a word of protest. His children were all watching him silently, waiting on him.
Glancing over at Ian, who was swishing his hands in the water and trying his best to avoid looking at Tony or his father (as if they might forget he was there and escape the lesson) Tony couldn’t help but feel that might just be a Rogers family trait.
“My brother says, that over there the Slavs force the men into hard labor and the women into prostitution if you’re German.” Julia shared on a whisper, and Hortense paled as if she feared there were a band of hulking Slavs right outside the kitchen window.
“I mean somewhere else. I need-” Steve grimaced in frustration. He wasn't cut out to be a spy, had never been trained in this sort of warfare. He felt as obvious as an elephant in the parlor. To add to his embarrassment he could feel his cheeks starting to burn, as if he were a child caught in a lie. His gaze drifted to Kurt who had gone back to his position up from but was clearly still watching them.
“We’ll find them.” Daniel insisted with the kind of will born of desperation. “We can do more on the ground than your father can do. People may feel better talking to us than a man in uniform.”
“Schliersee.” he named the little town in the mountain valley. As close as he dared to let her get. It was a long moment where they both stared off at the mountains on the distant horizon before she answered.
Grabbing him by the back of the neck Tony pulled him down into a kiss, halting Stefen’s stuttered speech as he crushed their mouths together, swallowing the gasp of surprised breath Stefen took.
“It's fine, Tony can fix it, can't you Tony?” James was saying and a flare of rage surged through Ian. He wrench himself free of James hands with a snarl.
. Don’t be stupid Péter. I know what that means.”
Holmes didn’t wait for their reply as he laid his hand on a folder full of documents resting in front of him on the table and pushed it toward Stefen. The captain took it and opened it slowly.  Tony peered over his shoulder to get a look inside, uncaring that it was unmistakably marked classified. It was a mission debriefing for something called ‘Operation Thunder’. Tony snickered, and Stefen shot him a disapproving glare before resuming his careful perusal of the documents.
“Father, Tony- ” Péter blanched at the glower that Rogers sent in his direction and amended quickly. “Herr Stark took us into town and we were fine. Weren’t we?” He glanced around at his siblings who all nodded eagerly, continuing to plead silently with their eyes.
Bucky flicked his knife closed a final time and sighed.
"If you wouldn't mind Herr Stark?" Stefen finally broke the silence, putting down the little girl in his arms and giving her bottom a pat to send her skipping happily toward her tutor.
“What is this about, gentleman?” Tony asked slowly, watching Obi as carefully as the man was no doubt watching him.
In which everyone just tries to survive. Except Bucky. He doesn't try that hard, but that's because he's got priorities.
It was hard to see in the dark but Tony would recognize that accent and that cocky attitude anywhere. Though the boy had shot up a few inches since they’d last seen each other, and looked to have procured a haircut. It was a wonder Bruce had been able to pin him down long enough.
“Péter!” the boy, the one Natacha had called Johann, hailed with a hearty wave. “Your father finally let you out of bed? Come join us! We’re cleaning the streets. That is if this old dog can still get back up.”
“Why not?” Stefan asked, that playful little smile creeping back into play. James perked up, abandoning his place at Ian's side to watch his favorite sport.
“Goodness, Herr Stark, is there anything you can’t do?” Charlotte quipped with a winsome smile in the man’s direction and he twitched, clearly startled to be addressed by her. His conversation with the captain had been rather exclusive.
"Are you sure?" Harold hedged, Tony glared at the back of his head. "I've heard some of the stories their telling now, but my folks used the stuff for years. You don't really think it could hurt -"
Virginia didn’t bother to wipe the tears streaming down her cheeks as she held Tacha’s face, fingers stroking over the girl’s grubby skin like it was precious porcelain. Steve didn’t try to hear what words the exchanged. His eyes moving methodically from one child to the next even as he carefully scrutinized their surroundings.
“Did it not occur to you how crushed they will be when your wild claims turn out to be nothing but daydreams?” Pepper berated and Tony couldn’t keep his silence any longer.
"Papers?" Péter blinked guilelessly at the officer as if the concept were new before smacking himself lightly on the forehead and digging around in his pockets for his identification. Anamarie handed hers over silently and watched Péter as he pretended to struggle to find his. "Oh yes of course.  Here you go."
"No. No he's not."
“Prudent.” It came to him suddenly and the word just popped out. Natacha looked confused but she waited for him to explain. Tony licked dry lips and jumped to explain.
, how could Steve ask Tony not to fight for them?
~*~*~
For the first time Steve was thankful as the monk continued to chat away to the children and left Steve to his thoughts.
Becker watched, perplexed. He was used to the way Rogers hounded and demanded the best at all times from the men, but whatever hell fire had been lit under Major Rogers ass had to be burning strong because the fever fervor the man had subjugated them too this last week was inconvenient to say the least.
“Excuse me?”
Except… Tony’s brow furrowed as the puzzle pieced together sluggishly in his mind. It was October, and the birds had already migrated for the season.
“They could ask!” Natacha insisted after a beat, though she sounded as if she only half believed the words herself. “Father would help them.”
Steve slowed, unable keep his pace, his ribs screaming at him to stop jogging.
Bones creaking with age and weariness Tony rose from his chair, Stefen’s words to him in the dream echoing in his skull, and reached for the radio sitting at top the shelf carved next to the bed. He heard a rustle as one of the children rolled over in the bed but he didn’t take his eyes off the bulky machine he held between his hands.
“Did you sleep?” Ian asked, with worry. “You need to sleep, Tony.”
Steve didn't know what he’d do if this was another trick of his mind.
Hell had a wider mouth than either of them had ever expected and it was only getting wider.
“I don’t know if that’s frightening or attractive.” he grumbled.
He and Anamarie hurried on their way after that, fighting to keep from breaking into a run or letting the jubilant smiles of relief take over their faces until they were out of sight of the police. But as soon as they were well enough away, Anamarie threw back her head and cackled.
Friday night, trains and trucks all over the country carried men and women to the border of Poland near the cities of Zbaszyn and Beuthen – and still more came across German land on foot, urged on by the beating of German police.
It wasn't worth it.
"Heaven forbid." His eyes dropped to Stefen's full plate and his mouth pulled back into a slight frown. "Wouldn't want you to starve either Cap."
Arms going numb or otherwise, Tony wasn't going to move him until he’d gotten the sleep he needed. But even as he thought it, Stefen flinched, the calm planes of his face contorting in pain as his eyes roved back and forth behind his closed lids. Tony kissed the side of his neck just as Stefen’s body spasmed and he let out a whimper. Tony's eyes flickered to the door, ready to assume a more platonic position at the first sign of movement. Until then, Stefen was trembling, tiny little shivers, and there was goose flesh pebbling his arms.
“Well then you’re in luck. I might have to be an overnight chemist but I am without a doubt the best boat maker in the world.”
“You think they’re bad even though you don’t know them. You don’t care what happens to them either.”
Stark thought poorly of the Reich (a stupid and dangerous thing to let anyone catch onto).
“Captain you know I can’t give you names.”
Sara squeaked in fright and Stefen attempted a soothing sound, even as he rose from his chair, gaze intent on Bucky, snapping commands at him.
“It was a risk to bring it here Tony.” Coulson reminded him with an air of reluctance. “I’m certain I was followed. I can find an excuse for one visit, but if I come back they’ll know.”
"I don't think so. But we're Austrian. We'll all keep on without him just the same."
But it couldn’t be helped, and now he had his own part to play. He’d anticipated the arrival of his order from Fabel’s Metals the entire journey home. It was due for delivery days ago. Cameron’s father Joshua had agreed to come from the village to lay a new floor and assist Tony with making the space work ready. They would need to work quickly, because if Tony was going to do as he’d promised and build the captain a get-away vessel for his rescue mission he didn’t have a lot of time.
“Perhaps he’s nervous about having a new mistress.” She mused. “I shall have to make an effort to get to know him and the rest of your staff better.”
Tony resisted the urge to roll his eyes, but only just.
“We have the party, we tell everyone you’re getting married in the spring to throw them off. We can have a priest here by the end of the week and be on the road the next day. By the time Schmidt catches wind, we may be able to slip the net.”
Once more the conversation halted, the others going silent as they turned to him for an answer, the good mood that had prevailed over the meal slowly draining in the prospect of his departure.
Tony sighed. No rest for the wicked. Not today it would seem.
When the key was finished he waited for the children to go to their afternoon programs with the HJ and arranged for the laundry maids Vreni and Sacha to give the youngest girls a lesson in laundering, which he assured them was a skill that every sensible woman no matter what her class should know.
An obvious lie. Tony knew exactly what they wanted, but they weren’t going to get it.
“That is impossible. It has to be rigged.” He glowered at the operator who was laughing heartily and he turned a sour look on Steve and the children who weren’t bothering to suppress their laughter either.
“Remember what?” Steve snapped, anxiety building steadily in the center of his chest.
Tony did not sleep well his first night with the Rogers family. After the children had been ordered back to their rooms and the Captain had practically slammed the door shut on his face leaving Tony alone for the night, he’d tried but the room was too big, smelled too stale, and he couldn’t help but remember the press of seven smaller bodies around his and think that it had been better: if only not to be alone.
Tony's last morning of freedom dawned bright, but clouded, the sun casting the sky in delicate pink and gold. It promised to be another beautiful summers day. An auspicious beginning for any man's last morning, regardless of its deceptive promises.
“Now the soup.” He commanded, pointing at the little clay pot and Tony snapped a salute, grateful for the return of his smile.
It wasn’t goodbye. It wasn’t. It wasn’t. It – Stefen tore himself away, shoving Tony backward until he stumbled against the bed, his whole body aching like he'd been stabbed.
"Filip - " Steve began but he faltered at the sharp shake of Coulson's head and the hard look in his eye.
“I’ve got a boy too and I’m positive Nina got all the brains.” He paused his gaze floating away in memory. “She takes after her mother. Lisbet was smarter than anyone I know.”
Bucky smiled through his teeth.
"It's brother Simone," brother Vogel exclaimed in an excited whisper that was instantly and harshly shushed by Richter.
“No. It’s enough! Herr Stark is my friend and my guest. You insult him, you insult me!”
, but then I realized that even if he answered me, that there wasn’t anything for James to come back to.” When she answered her voice was low and poignant with meaning, her gaze locked on where her feet stepped in the snow. “Father can never be that boy he saved again, and the little girl who needed a hero is gone now too. I can’t bring her back.”
Tony was right. Péter was going to be a man in a few short years and Steve would barely know him.
Christmas comes to salzburg as Steve recovers and the future of his family hangs in the balance. Also known as, Steve nearly died and everything's a mess, but hey it's Christmas.
“The Captain Rogers I knew was always proud to serve his country.” Hammer snapped back, a disquieting sort of disgust bubbling along with anger beneath his tone. “I don’t expect a nanny to understand that.”
One might think that having attained such wealth Stefen would covet luxuries for himself, but instead he thought of others. A man of few words and yet his actions spoke clearly; love expressed in full bellies and soft flesh.
“Who is that?” Ian asked, eyebrows scrunching in question.
The hand disappeared and Steve choked in a lungful of air, coughing violently, the room and the voices in it dipping in and out like a wave.
Steve’s hand tightened on the receiver; Bucky’s low voice was slightly tiny in his ear, but he could still hear every note of regret that weighed it down. He knew that he should be angry on some level, but he couldn’t manage anything more than a tired sense of relief. It was a relief in its own way, not to have to pretend, at least with one more person. It was a relief, after the risk he’d taken giving Tony his mother’s coins and the way he and Bucky had fought, to have Bucky back in his corner. Neither of them was perfect and the road was hard, but he didn’t want to walk it without Bucky. He knew Bucky felt the same.
“Is that so?” Bakhuizen laughed. “Way I heard it you all came back with heat exhaustion. Hammer says you were in hysterics.”
“Father?” he tried again. “I need my buttons sewn on. They’ve come off.” His father cocked an eyebrow at him. Ian’s face heated. This was a stupid plan. Da would see right through him. He could have gone to any one of the maids, he could even have gone to Tony.
And so, for the first time since Peggy had died, there was to be a birthday party at the Rogers family villa. Willamina and the others understood he consoled himself. Some sacrifices had to be made.
“Niky,” Tony picked up playing again, refusing to allow Nik’s presence to disturb his peace. Niklas did not react to the pet name, not even to give Tony one of his famous glowers. He didn’t know what it meant that he was almost put out by that.
Péter approached her hesitantly, not wishing to startle her, but also eager to take the chance to speak with her in a rare moment when her twin was occupied and not glued to her side.
She was staunchly ignoring Hammer’s pinched look. Tony could practically hear the butler’s internal screech, aghast at the impropriety. It was not at all the done thing.
“And you climbed up here?!” he demanded disbelievingly as he rushed into the bathroom to collect towels for the shivering adolescent. Boy Péter might not have looked like much what with the skinniness and the spectacles but the child must have had incredible strength and dexterity to manage that in a rainstorm. He might even have rivaled Clinton in climbing ability, though Tony almost didn’t dare to think it. His heart was palpating enough as it was.
Phillips never considered them even, because Steve had saved his life the day he’d rescued his unit and held back the advance of the enemy. The same day he’d become known as the lion of Austria. Philips liked to grumble that he’d be a hundred and ten, still waiting for the opportunity to save Steve’s life so he could go out with a clean slate.
Bakhuizen was murmuring something, face pressed close to Stefen’s which was still turned toward Tony. A string of low urgent words left Bakhuizen’s lips: neither in German or Polish. Tony strained to understand it but he couldn't. Whatever language it was it wasn't one he was familiar with.
“Don’t worry about him.”
“Because the caterpillars give off a scent that confuses the ants.” Péter answered and Tony nodded. He opened his mouth to add something to the boy’s answer but Natacha beat him to it.
James couldn’t just tell Ian to ask for help like a normal person though. No, he had to go jumping into the lake like a damsel in distress, expecting that what? The sight of him drowning would cure Ian of his fears and do something
He’d heard the words but his brain was having trouble processing them, because he kept hearing Stefen say he hadn’t been wrong to want what he’d wanted, and that just didn’t compute. Tony couldn’t think of a single person who hadn’t at least been shocked by his lack of patriotism before this moment.
“I need the master key.”
Why on earth should he be so miffed at such a simple request? She wondered, feeling a bit peevish herself. She understood that Stark was not a servant, and not a nanny either, but frankly she did not know how the captain expected anyone to understand just what Stark’s role in his household was supposed to be.
care? He was as irresponsible as they came. Just ask every last monk there! Never on time for anything, irreverent as they came. Flibbertigibbet wasn’t the worst thing he’d heard one of his brother monks calling him under the breath. Tony was
Kurt bobbed on the balls of his feet and lowered his head to whisper somewhat dramatically, “I thought you’d be on tour. Otherwise I can’t see why you haven't come for a cup, Captain.”
He'd not taken them on a swim since before he'd contracted the fever. That summer had been unusually cold and Peggy had been having trouble with the pregnancy.
Tony had almost stumbled over a stone on the path at the unexpected sight of another black man outside of the abbey. Niklas was not the only man of African descent he had encountered in his life - he’d known another boy years ago, an Afro-Hungarian like Nik whom Hughard in a rare moment of compassion had offered lodging to in exchange for household labor - but they had never been popular, and these days they were about as welcome as Jews, gypsies, tramps and thieves had ever been. He did not know what it meant that a man like Captain Rogers had such a fellow in his employ. Perhaps the fellow had been employed there for years and the captain was unaware of the ever growing liability he had tilling his soil beds. Tony hoped for the gardener’s sake that the captain didn’t figure it out any time soon.
Dear Tony,
Bucky went still, the sudden silence in the hall as deafening as the roaring it had replaced in his ears.
“I’m going to talk. You listen. Then when I ask a question you’ll answer. Yes?”
The senior SS officer turned as Steve entered. Someone had set out refreshments for their illustrious guest: stout, Tilsit cheese, black bread and the good coffee. Or so he was told, Steve never touched it, preferring to partake in whatever the NCO’s drank. Schmidt had a glass of stout next to him on the desk half full of the amber liquid, though to Steve’s eyes it was clear Schmidt hadn't touched it.
“The Gestapo have taken Cameron’s family.” Stefen answered in a tone much too quiet and calm for the words that sent shock like a wave through the room.
No ocean. No grey mountains covered in snow. No ship beneath his feet. Just gray walls and unending pain. He tried to turn his head and choked on the spit in his mouth, too weak even to swallow. His legs were covered with a sheet, heavy as led against his skin.
“Germany.” Natacha corrected her gently on a low whisper. “You must remember that this is Germany now.”
A burp of static from the radio finally roused him, and he leaned forward staring intently at it. His body ached, heavy and weak with hunger. When the hell had he last ate? For days he and the children had been in a stupor. He’d let that happen. They could all get sick, and there was no help for them up here. Tony was all the help they had. All the father they had now. He had to get up. Pull them all up.
Movement from the master bedroom pulled at his attention and he glanced up as Stefen slipped from the room, quietly shutting the bedroom door behind himself. He didn’t seem surprised to see Tony curled up on the couch, but then again there were few places he could be this early in the morning.
“We’re taking full control of Czechoslovakia? Won’t Poland retaliate?” It wasn't really a question. Of course they were taking Czechoslovakia. It had only been a matter of time once they’d been given a footing into the country. And of course Poland would protest, behind hemmed in on both sides by German forces. There would be fighting on the borders, and the Germans would use that as an excuse to retaliate with an invasion.
Reaching the Abbott’s door he paused only momentarily to turn and watch the stranger’s retreat down the hall. His stride was long, his steps efficient and brisk in a way that screamed military. His clothing was expensive but not showy, his jacket framing a set of broad shoulders that had no doubt seen their share of burdens and still he walked proudly like a king in court. Tony remembered the flash of sea blue eyes and the golden glint of dark blond hair peaking from beneath the hat the man had worn and he shivered.
Herr Klein ran a small masonry business that serviced mainly the local villages and a few larger contracts within the city. He and his family had immigrated from Poland when he was a young boy, but they’d lived in Salzburg for most his life. They’d been friends and neighbors of the Rogers family ever since Stefen had employed him to help build the villa. Tony had yet to meet him, but Pepper assured him he wouldn’t find better company or better-quality work.
*What Steve says to Patroche (Romany) Come here you. Stay with god aka Good luck. Thank you.
Péter ought to be pleased, Tony thought as Bakhuizen took the small envelope and excused himself, following Hammer back inside. Beside him Stefen sighed and muttered under his breath.
“You’re alright Stark.” She pressed another kiss to his cheek. “If no one has told you, that suit is a dream on you.”
Tony had worn the fine white jacket and matching slacks that had come in one of the many boxes Stefen had delivered, along with a fine eye popping red vest he’d fallen in love with the moment he’d laid eyes on it.
And the war is finally here! We will be following Steve and Tony through the war to the conclusion of their tale but it won't take another thirteen years in Azkaban, I promise.
"Cameron's not sick," Sara interjected and Stefen fell silent, staring down at her curiously. "He's napping by the shed."
“Soldiers are the first on the line and it's not just you this time” Sam hollered over the noise of the slowly moving train and Steve felt suspended, light headed in an unfamiliar way.
Once the bags had been packed onto bikes and everyone situated, Tony led the children towards the south of town and up into a hill clearing that Frou Hogan had suggested over supper for a picnic lunch.
“Are you going to give me my parcel?”
“I’d say the men likely to receive an education are the ones most deserving. At least in a just system.” He sat forwards and scooped up Rogers report. “At least once we’re done clearing out the dead weight.”
“The kid just dropped right in front of me. Convulsing, rigid with the shakes, he was so swollen you could have burst him like a tick-”
His attendant blinked at him and then slowly turned on his heel, gliding towards the waiting staff.
Tony didn’t know how long he watched him until a sharp squeal from Artur pulled his attention away.
"Oh dear... you'd better come inside then.  We've not seen the Gestapo since the arrests, but I'm sure they won't be long." Brother Simone beckoned. And Tony wasn't at all sure if they could trust it, but there was little choice and what choice there was, was immediately taken out of their hands as the brothers Vogel and Albrecht leaned over the edge of the boat to reach for an old frayed rope tied to the end of the dock in order to pull the boat close enough to exit.
They all wanted their moment after that and Steve was happy to give it to them, even if he found their chatter slightly overwhelming as he traded clumsy hugs and pressed even clumsier kisses on cheeks and foreheads but they were all so happy, so obviously blooming with it, that Steve couldn’t bring himself to care. This was right.
Péter flinched again and cursed under his breath as the tin can wobbled but failed to fall over.
“You need to see your little rattling's strung up. One by one. By their necks.”
"Wait here!" He commanded. "Keep guard Wolfe. If anything happens to them it’ll be on your head!”
He needed a key. In and out quick as anything and on the off chance he was caught, nothing gave someone the appearance of authority so much as a key.
“Torture and death? Perhaps not.” Tony drawled in reply and Stefen chuckled.
“I did.” Tony waved the thought away almost before Stefen had finished voicing it. “But if it makes you feel better, I didn’t buy this. I made it.”
She blinked away the threat of tears, rallying herself once more. The staff would have to be sent home, but before then they must settle the children.
“What is –” the young man began but he was interrupted by the sound of a sharp girlish scream, and an alarming chorus of thuds as something (or someone) fell down the stairs. Tony’s heart had jumped so high into his throat that it took him a moment to pull himself together, panic twisting through him as he imagined Maria or Sara taking a fall and lying broken at the bottom of the narrow stairwell. They knew they weren’t supposed to play up here, but maybe they’d come looking for him. Why? Oh why, when Pepper was supposed to have been watching them!
“That’s enough!” Steve’s hands landed against the surface of the table, rattling the dishes and the hall went deathly quiet as he pushed up from his seat.
“I'll make sure the men get it." Jann snatched the offering with a nod, quickly tucking it out of sight. "You just make sure they stop and they’ll handle the rest." She stepped back, and nodded once more, before turning and melting back into the crowd. Charlotte watched until she could no longer see her, anxiety continuing to twist inside her. It was out of her hands now. There was nothing to do but hope.
"Tacha?" he questioned, alarm growing as she curled into an even tighter ball, lowering her head until he could no longer see her face, dark or no dark. When she spoke again her voice was so weak he barely heard it.
Bucky jerked his gaze away, trying not to stare, his stomach dropping somewhere near his feet.
As Maria shrank Bucky sighed, sensing an argument on the horizon. Really it had been brewing for days.
“But there are too many variables, too much chance you’ll miss or get taken down before you can take the shot. You’ll be dead and that will be it. There will be no chance left for your girls.” he pressed, holding Dvorak’s stare. “The Reich won’t be stopped by one man, Dvorak, but hundreds. The same people whose morale will take a brutal blow when the symbol of their hope is crushed right before their eyes. You think Hitler isn’t afraid of those people? He wants them broken.”
But for once, words just simply failed him.
“What are you singing?”
“Maybe he hit his head?” Artur suggested helpfully. “Remember, we learned about head injuries.”
"Come now Stefen. They don't want any part of
~*~*~T~*~*~
When Tony looked up at him again there was a new resolve. When he spoke it was in slow low Italian, likely fearful that someone passing by might overhear them.
Natacha shook her head, her mouth twisting in contempt, and then she turned away continuing toward the gate.
The one small bit of luck they had was that they were unable to break into his workshop. Tony had the only key, its location he had conveniently forgotten, and it was reinforced with his own steel. For two days now they’d been trying to break that door down without so much as putting a dent in it. They’d even gone so far as to try and cut through the wall of the neighboring room, only to discover of course that Tony and Joseph had enclosed the room with more of Tony’s special steel.
“There is fighting in the Sudentenland Péter! You’ll all be shot and killed.” Natacha growled in reply as it went dark once more and Péter blinked the spots from his eyes.
“I’m sorry. He’s a fool if he let them take away something so precious.” Tony couldn’t help but think back to earlier in the study with Stefen, and how terribly betrayed the captain had looked when Tony tried to give his gift back.
Releasing a breath of smoke Bucky shook his head and knocked Steve’s shoulder with his. “Well don’t you think we ought to teach them a thing or two before we just toss them out of the frying pan?”
They had to know, Chamberlin, Mussolini and Daladier, what they’d done. They’d sold Czechoslovakia in the hopes that the beast would be satiated, and so they would turn a blind eye as Germany devoured her.
That was what Steve was afraid of. He was operating blindly, only knowing that Kirk’s ship made a stop in Pola on the way to the Gibraltar strait. He did not know for what clients or how often. The strait being the only entry point from the Mediterranean to the Atlantic made Gibraltar crucial fighting ground for the allied powers. They had been quick to take control and enforce a naval blockade. It was a galling thing to know that the British were so close, but that very blockade may be the thing keeping the Enterprise from reaching Pola’s shores.
"Shut up!" Tony hissed with his fists balled. The simmering rage inside of him threatened to boil. It was only Artur's tearful whimpers and the panicked breathing of his terrified siblings gathered outside the doors of their rooms that kept him from trying to pummel the man.
~*~*~*~
Stefen closed his eyes as Tony claimed his mouth tilting his head to grant him better access, and Tony wished with every frantic beat of his heart that it was possible to live inside a kiss.
Kuraf'te mulo kokalom (Romany) Fuck your dead bones.
"Willamina's got some jars of tomato preserved in the pantry." Bucky instructed. "It aint what we grew back home but it does in a pinch." He finally seemed to get on board with the program because he came around the other side of the bed and slid his hands underneath Stefen, helping to prop him up. Stefen let out a pained moan and Tony's gut churned.
Sijana forest in fall.
"I'm afraid this one's been sitting out for a while, Captain, for me and the maids, but it's fresh." She apologized and Stefen looked uncomfortable and guilty all at once as he nodded shortly in reply.
They were all too tense to sleep and it was boring being cooped up. Natacha had found herself agreeing with James' frequent complaint that he wished Tony would come back (though of course he didn't have to make himself such a pill whining about it). All had been as calm as she could expect to hope for, and then father had come storming through the door of the room like someone possessed.
“I’ll get my coat.”
Right. Because their man inside was only able to buy them just enough time to get in and out. And they expected to be pursued after the fact... but what if they weren't? What if there was a way to get in and out with no one the wiser?
“Natacha is doing well.” Tony replied stiffly as Clint’s grin widened and he arched his neck to stare up at the upstairs windows.
“When their studies are complete. As I said, they will not waste away their summer,” Rogers answered stiffly. Then he held the whistle to his lips and blew four sharp shot trills. Almost immediately footsteps could be heard pounding throughout the upstairs rooms.
“Ian, you can learn whatever-”
was wrong – but no, he had to focus. Because Tony needed him, and something was wrong with
“No.” Sara immediately latched onto Tony’s arm, shaking her blond head profusely. “You.”
“Because it matters.” She answered slowly, staring out at the water with her chin propped up on her knees. “I’m not as little as you think. You don’t have to hide it from me.”
Péter bit his lip, clearly torn, but when he looked around at his brothers and saw his own yearning echoed on their faces she stiffened up his shoulders and nodded.
She let him be, though she did notice that there was jam pooled in the corner of his mouth, and she leaned over to hold out her napkin to him. He looked up at her in surprise, blinking his wide blue eyes, startled enough to drop his half-eaten roll right into his lap. Charlotte chuckled, warmth spreading through her at the sight of his fumbling. Clucking her tongue, she delicately wiped off his cheek and then, placing the napkin in his palm, guided his hand to see to his trousers.
“I have something for you,” he announced, deciding right in the moment that now was the time. Grinning sheepishly, he leaned back on his heels, regrettably losing the warmth of Stefen’s hands on his skin, to dig into the pocket of his trousers for the little wrapped box he’d been carrying around with him for days.
hit him like a speeding car, a shuddering breath eeking out of his chest as slowly every tight muscle in his body eased, leaving him feeling weak and drained.
“Number Thirteen, Judengasse. Tell them you’re a friend of Rogue.”
“Did they teach you that at the monastery?” he asked and Stark paused, tapping his fingers against his glass thoughtfully.
He’d never know. He’d not been allowed to see him. The officer in charge of the investigation had no time to listen to any of Tony’s pleas or demands, and only disdain for the spoiled little Italian boy screaming at him in a garbled mix of German and Italian, who had not even the sense to know when he’d been rescued and how to show proper gratitude.
“Stefen, will you wait a minute! You’re gonna frighten the kids half to death-”
“Natacha!” Steve snapped, demanding an answer and she flinched. Charlotte jumped, shocked at his loud bark and Ian felt the eyes of the other children all turning to them, the tension palpable in the room.
Enough was enough.
“A couple of boys in the market square got rowdy is all. Unseemly business. Good thing we won’t have to worry about that way up here in the hills. It will be just us and the children. We’ll bring plenty of water this time and there will be a whole lake to cool off in.” And Tony, because he’d always press an advantage when he had it, decided to play his best card.
“His father was a convert.” Stefen supplied in that same very quiet way. It was too damn calm, when all of Tony’s nerves were rattling like there was gunfire going off in the next room. “Under the Nuremberg Laws Joshua could still be considered Jewish.”
Nais tuke mush: (Romany) Thanks Buddy.
What kept him up most was he couldn’t stop thinking about how unfair it was, that he got to go someplace magical and make new friends and get everything he’d ever wanted – just because he was rich. Meanwhile that little girl was likely carrying everything she owned, while her parents prayed they’d be let into the country at all.
Getting the children to bed that night was easy after such an eventful day. Sara had crashed during the cab ride and the others weren’t far behind. While Tony got the other little ones settled in the bed (shoes off being the only requirement that night) Steve slipped into the room that Péter and Ian were sharing, and watched as the boys sleepily got ready for bed.
Tony was happy to see Péter so involved in the lesson, truly challenged in a way that he couldn’t be when they had his younger siblings to consider.
Tony, burdened with teaching him the error of his ways, ended up in a unit with Maria and Péter. Natacha and James quickly teamed up with Bucky which left Stefen with Ian and Artur. Little Sara preferred to pretend that she didn’t understand the concept of being on a team, darting about to smash snowballs against the legs of anyone who let her close enough with riotous giggles.
Steve blinked slowly and let the words pass over him. He was watching the two of them from somewhere above everything. The sound muddling in ears as if he were sinking below water. He had the vague thought that it should scare him, that Khalmmer had clearly guessed the state of his mind.
“They’re the only one’s worth remembering”.
“You need to calm down. You’re scaring Patroche.”
“He seems eccentric to be sure.” She continued “He seemed more than ready to teach the children the curriculum you selected for them, and even more important he did not question it. Besides, I think the children like him.”
"When he said the rest of his family had moved on. Was this recent?” Tony asked, though the pieces were already coming together in his mind. “Because I was under the impression that you had to be a citizen for your travel papers to be valid."
She stared long and hard at him, her honey brown eyes taking him in. The only sound between them the wind creaking the walls and the damn goat occasionally bleating.
He smiled inwardly. If she was anything like Peggy she would not find this endeavor enjoyable.
“So, Clinton,” Tony dragged out the full name he knew the boy hated. “It’s mine. Remember our rules ‘we don’t touch Tony’s things or he’ll find horribly creative ways to engineer our death’, remember that one?”
Péter clenched his jaw and he might have been the picture of defiance if it weren't for the way his eyes darted back to the window and he squirmed in his seat.
Tony glanced into the back of the truck where he could just barely make out Péter’s wool cap bobbing among the water barrels with the heat lamp, while the rest of his siblings remained hidden inside the empty barrels under burlap sacks for warmth. Péter kept watch on the road behind them, legs up to his chin one arm wrapped around the barrel that held James. Tony imagined that it must be very dark and damp in there. Frightening for anyone, let alone a small boy of eight. Péter looked very still, as if he had not moved for hours, but Tony noticed the slight movement coming from his hand tapping out a little tune on the side of the barrel.
"The telephone was ringing in your study, Captain.” She revealed anxiously. “I hope you don't mind, I just thought with everything going on it might be important."
They wanted people to believe in the Reich, to believe that the heart of Austria was untouched and that every citizen should be proud to give their lives for their new German masters. It said too much if the Rogers family did not play the part.
Charlotte’s face had gone horribly white, but Bucky was already swinging back around. Where were those damn fags? That was right, he was out again, but Stefen would have some. Before. No telling about now. The music room. Stefen. The steps it took to get to the door felt like miles, the distance between him and Stefen stretching hateful and wide.
“Course he is. Come on Stark, whatcha waiting for summer?”
The other boys in his unit respected Ian and the girls in the league didn't have to ask if he was really Captain Rogers son, because nothing could have been more obvious.
"Put the bread in the oven? Why yes I did." She'd turned to Tony then and grumbled with a good natured wink, "It's a wonder I remembered how to wipe my own ass this morning, the way this one carries on."
The window across from him was cracked to let in the afternoon breeze. A bird squawked somewhere in a tree, the sound of panicked flaps filtering through the window. He could hear Herr Hogan clunking around underneath the family car as sounds drifted over from the garage. If he strained his ears enough he could even hear Pepper’s heels in the hallway as she paused to speak to one of the staff.
“How is James?” he asked, in order to distract her as Ian hopped down from the sled and hastily began unpacking their new supplies.
The moment was strangely reminiscent of their boyhood, of Bucky squinting down at him after landing his ass in the grass from yet another fight. He’d wipe the sometimes dirt, and sometimes blood, off his face and tell Steve what a fool he was. Always dragging out his name, doing something funny with the ‘f’ until it dragged like a ‘v’. He’d missed it Steve realized.
Steve waved him away, stepping back and putting some much needed distance between them, afraid he might do something he’d regret. His skin was practically crawling off him as he struggled to rein his temper back in.
