“Guys! Please…” Peter wore a look of shock and -was that fear?- on his face.
“I’m pretty sure that’s what made Peter a target in the first place, dumbass,” MJ intervened.
. Because of Peter. He did not need be reminded of that with every conversation he had. “I’ll walk.”
his uncle Bruce when Peter had introduced Ned to him— he was a science geek just like Peter himself. MJ had kept her cool mostly, but Peter could see that she was having a minor freak-out on the inside when she had met Aunt Natasha. Something about girlpower and feminism and all that stuff. Surprisingly, she got along best with his pops. Steve liking how sober and no-nonsense she was, and a shared love for drawing of course.
Steve didn't know how long it was before the plane started to descend, but with that the fear in him started to rise exponentially.
.” JARVIS responded dutifully.
Tony looked at him pleadingly as he was suddenly being dragged backwards. The hand is his hair used his locks as leverage to pull his head down and push him into the backseat of the still-running car.
“It means for your information, FYI. I’m a genius, I can use big brain words.”
They were charging after him fast and the next thing he felt was his arms being drawn back painfully and a hand slapped over his mouth,
There was also physical proof; running from the top of his hairline down into his right eyebrow diagonally, stitched up ever so neatly by Doctor Cho. It proved that Peter had hit his head after the car had driven into them at an ungodly speed and Happy had lost control of the steering wheel. It wasn’t just rumours anymore, now. And as Peter was so painfully aware of everyone gaping at him and his head wound, he felt it throbbing a tattoo against the inside of his skull manically. It hurt.
He noticed that he was on the floor. He tried to calm himself but was unable to catch up on his breath. He curled himself up in a ball with his arms covering his face and found, to his surprise, that he actually could.
“Not to worry, Captain Rogers.” He addresses Steve as his hand snakes around Tony’s arm, up and across his shoulder. “No harm will come to him.” Yet at the same time, he slowly draws a knife from the inside of his pocket and swiftly flips it open, dancing it around Tony daringly. “What we want is not of importance yet,” he continues disinterestedly, “but for now, you, Captain, are going to go with them,” he gestured lazily with the knife into the direction of the other men that awaited them upon arrival, “And Tony is going to come with me, right, handsome?” A shiver ran down Tony’s spine as the man behind him got even further into his personal space, his mouth hovering closely next to Tony’s ear. Tony could feel him press his nose into his hair and he tugged against his hold. The man snaked his arm around Tony’s neck and let the edge of the knife press against his pulse point. His other hand twisted Tony’s arm behind his back, trapping him effectively. Tony whimpered.
“That’s not what I meant,” Peter groaned, making himself small. Trust his dad to embarrass him in front of his entire class.
“What do you want?” Steve asks, placing himself emphatically between his husband and the man approaching. Before he could react, the pilot that flew them comes up from behind and tears Tony from Steve’s grip.
down, and shut up.”
who were able to get to you on time before anything really bad happened.”
“Don’t even think about it, Captain,” the pilot said, "Sit. Down.” He ordered. Steve only made a move to charge forward and rip this man the fuck off his husband. But the pilot punctuated his words with a jab of the gun into Tony’s side and that made Steve go over his options once again. Under no circumstance was Tony allowed to get hurt. Steve would oblige now, and once Tony was out of the direct path of a
— Peter, just freaking deal! This is your coach. Not a—
“Oh god,” sighed Ned.
his tone completely failed to inflect an actual apology. “
“Jesus, Peter,” Ned said to him as Peter and MJ broke apart and Ned was swinging an arm around his shoulders. “You really scared us, man.”
“We don’t actually know yet what-“ Peter tried.
that he felt like he was entitled to because he was his fathers’ son? He couldn’t deal with this right now. He was on a quest for fresh air. A very pressing quest, that is. He tried to shake his arm loose and turn away but to no avail. If anything, his coach only held onto him tighter. This wasn’t good. He needed be let go of
Peter was silent. Fuck this stupid fucking shit. He didn’t ask for this.
“I aim to please, Captain.” Tony smiled against Steve’s lips.
“Yeah, I know,” Peter recalled painfully. As where he only got off with a small injury to his head, Happy had taken a bullet to the shoulder. He had been
“Oh boy,” noted MJ.
“What the f–, J?” Tony spoke agitatedly.
“Tony! Sweetheart, are you alright?” Steve asked worriedly, standing up and extending an arm to help Tony off the floor.
their fault Peter. I mean, they didn’t
“Okay, okay,” Tony agreed hurriedly, “Please, Steve, just listen, you’re bleeding.” Steve took a deep breath, either calming his nerves or gathering his wit—or both—he didn’t know. Eventually, he turned around, and felt the cold barrel pressed into his back until he started walking forward, taking Tony with him. “It’s gonna be okay, darlin’, I won’t let him hurt you.” Tony nodded to him in response and gave him a slight smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. They walked to the back of the plane and the guy gestured again with his gun.
, he thought. But he didn’t add that.
, uh… pretty scary,” he admitted to his friends.
Luckily Ned and MJ knew. They had known already, also before it had happened. They had actually come to be quite well acquainted with his dads, and the rest of the family for that matter. Ned had nearly gotten down on his knees and straight out
“Armor, open faceplate!”
“He’s got a point though,” Tony said, after the rest of the two teams had cleared out. “We did good today. We should be proud.”
He supposed Rogers hadn't had to bail Tony out of the armor yet. He wouldn't for years, not until after Tony's identity was known to him and Tony finally confided all of his armor troubles instead of waiting for Rhodes to come get him out.
“It doesn't only happen once,” Steve warned, at complete contrast to the way his heart warmed.
“And your shield,” Sam punctuated, “I didn't want to inherit your crazy Nazis, too.”
Steve raises his arm instead, finger over the button of his GPS. “Here we go.”
Steve wondered if God tired of him, always asking him why things had to be this way. Maybe that was the way He had intended. That Steve was only meant to be loyal to the cause.
“Can you take these all up by yourself?” one of them asks him as she pushes a cardboard box full of the cookies toward Tony.
“Tony?” Rogers echoed blankly, before glancing over at Steve. “You know his name?”
“Oh no, the armor is much more fun.” Tony winked at him. “If you're sleepy, you could always go.”
“I don't think there's anything you can do to help, anyway.”
“I know. I put it there.”
“Yes.” The answer was immediate, and after a pause, Steve continued. “This world isn't so bad. But it's not home.”
But more than that, Steve sobs with relief, and it shouldn’t feel so momentous.
“There's footage. They're a group of reformed super-villains, led by a familiar old face,” Thor said, a hint of amusement in her voice. “They call themselves the Thunderbolts. But I think it's safer to call them heroes by this point.”
“Haven’t you had enough to drink already?”
It’s not just food though. Natasha’s hand on his back turns into a tight grip as petal after petal splatters with the red of the tomato sauce.
“I got my second chance right here, Cap,” Tony says. His daughter clings to him, but Tony doesn’t look away from Steve. Addressing him. Knowing him.
Steve reached the monster at the same time as Tony. They shared a look before Steve took a step forward.
Tony doesn’t want to risk not being there for his family. Scott’s getting more and more agitated, and Natasha’s careful to hide the resignation in her voice. But Tony’s obstinate, and nothing they say can get him to change his mind. And can Steve really blame him? Tony had told him once, that this is what he wanted. A farm with Pepper, and Steve had honestly thought he’d meant it as a joke back then. There were so many ways he couldn’t read Tony back then, but that part hadn’t really changed. But here Tony is, a farm with his wife and daughter. He didn’t have that before the Avengers. He probably couldn’t have done that on the Avengers. Isn’t that why Clint had kept retiring from the team?
“Morgan, honey, are you there? Can you come here and say hi to our guest?”
He tugged away, darting backwards into the shadows of the bare room, seized with a sense of impending danger.
Steve accepts the water in the end, but it goes down the wrong pipe and he spits it all over the ground. He’s heaving now, and he can feel the roots taking shape in his chest, the petals opening, eager to bask in Tony’s proximity, his body that’s so close to Steve that every single part of the flower reaches toward him, like they’re growing toward the light.
Well, Steve’s actual husband was in the hospital, so he couldn’t really bring himself to sympathize.
When Tony's fingers touched the wall, the window to the other side was gone. The room was deathly silent on this side.
“My dear brother Baldr is a noble man. I trust his word if he says that this would bring harm to Midgard.”
Gail finally set the coffee on the table, taking a seat on the chair diagonal to Steve. She quirked an eyebrow at him, and it worked just as well as it had in her youth. It must have done similarly, to all the people she’d investigated and interviewed over the years.
“Um, Don’t tell Thor?” Steve asked. Tony snorted loudly, and that set Steve off into a fit of laughter.
She asks like she assumes Steve doesn’t want to see Tony. Well, it’s not like Steve has done anything to discourage that belief. He’s spent the last five years hiding from Tony. Steve’s never heard of a case of hanahaki disease disappearing because the afflicted fell out of love. Maybe he was the first to try. He doubts he’s the first to fail.
“The future isn't the future for you anymore,” Rogers sighed. “It's your home.”
Steve kicked up, catching the vampire in the gut. It let out an unholy scream as it was thrown back against the TV, cutting off Ricky Ricardo mid-line as the screen toppled over.
“Out of everyone that could have met her, I'm glad it was you.”
“The data from your armor seemed quite conclusive. To gather that much evidence for a ruse, and picking a story of that magnitude. It's counter-intuitive.” Reed shook his head. “And I may not have met you before today, but you feel like the type of person I could. I think Johnny would call it intuition.”
Carol had confirmed once as she wiped tears of mirth from her eyes.
“Would you have rather,” Steve began, “if you didn’t know about the cancer. Would that have been better?”
Steve's smile was pinched. “That obvious?”
“Doorbells? Darling, if you haven’t noticed, the front door is ninety stories down. Anyone who needs to knock isn’t getting in.”
“Getting into that victory pose a bit early, don't you think?” Steve said, pulling back his cowl and revealing a headful of sweaty, mussed hair.
“You know how much woo-ing it takes to get a contract?” Tony had never used that tone of voice with Steve before, not even when Steve had made the mistake of mentioning Natasha to him. “I’ve gotten much more done at parties than any board meeting.”
“Yes?” Steve responded automatically, tapped his ear. “That took long enough. I sent out an alert minutes ago – ”
Natasha doesn’t respond, and Steve doesn’t know how she feels about him not telling her. But he knows how she feels about herself.
Steve's skin tingled, and the hairs on the back of his neck were on end. He considered the situation.
. For everything Steve feels for Tony, and how charged their words always come across, their conversational topics are perfectly ordinary. He wants to sigh. Maybe what he really doesn’t get is him and Tony.
Half an hour later, after Natasha makes a comment about Tony’s wedding, the one that Steve hadn’t even bothered checking if he’d been invited to, he’s heaving mouthfuls of spaghetti into the trash can.
“You were also first out in poker, you should work on your intuition there, Janet,” Tony added.
“Stark?” Every room he peeked into was empty and untouched, thin films of dust covering side tables and kitchen counters. In his previous visits, he hadn’t ventured further than the living room, dining room, and kitchen. After a moment’s hesitation, headed to Tony’s bedroom.
Steve suspected he said it to scare him off, and it might have worked, once. Now, seeing how far Tony would go to keep up appearances, it just exhausted him.
Tony grumbled. “The last guy who did that to me didn’t get to play in the orgy. You’re lucky I like you.”
“What the hell?” Tony said, rubbing his fingers over Steve’s crotch again. “You were packing that and you didn’t jump my bones before this?”
Steve put his own hands over Tony’s, and through their shared touch, could feel the smile that wanted to split open his own face.
“Dumber than usual, you mean? I did.” Tony went silent for a moment, before speaking up again. “One just called me a time traveling murder bot. Right before I blasted him in the face. Have to say, the first bit is new.”
“What's with all this racket back here!?” The door next to them opened, and a middle-aged man in an apron glared at them.
Tony got up, dusting off his pants, before hightailing it out of the room.
Steve's eyes jumped up to Tony's when he joined him on the couch. Tony brought his hand, slowly, making sure Steve could track it, until it settled around the back of Steve's neck. Steve's eyes were wide, like he couldn't believe what was happening. Tony craned his neck back, and that was enough invitation for Steve to move. It was lightning fast, his hands gripping Tony's shoulders, face buried in his neck as he took several deep, shuddering breaths.
“Shit, I’m sorry, Peter,” Ned apologised quickly once he realised what he had said.
“Dad…,” Peter sounded a little broken and a lot… tired. God, he was tired. He was so not fit to deal with this right now. His head was throbbing. Going back to school this soon had been a mistake. Did he mention everyone was staring at him again? Classic.
“Peter, I’m not sure you’re listening. If you just up and leave whenever you feel like it it will set a bad example for the other students and they will start to question my authority.”
“Let go of me, please,” Peter pleaded desperately, he didn’t even know to who anymore.
“Peter you can’t blame them. They love you. They want to protect you,” MJ sympathised.
there talking to them.
Wait, he did recognise that voice. It was the principle. He took a few more deep breaths and found that breathing was actually becoming easier. He unclenched his muscles and opened his eyes- when had he closed them?
how this going to go down.” The man’s voice had taken a very dark, stern inflection. The hand that he had disentangled from Tony’s arm moved upwards and latched itself into Tony’s brown locks, pulling his head back forcibly and pressing the knife even deeper into Tony’s skin. “You are going to comply, and you can consider your husband as my token for your motivation.” Steve felt sick to his stomach as the rest of the men came up behind, latching onto him. He could have easily shaken them off, but he didn’t. He felt powerless and he hated it.
They worked in silence for a while. Ned and MJ desperately wanting to get rid of this awkward tension but couldn’t really find a suitable topic to break the silence with. Peter was just concentrating really hard on willing his headache to go down. Eventually MJ was the first to speak up again.
“What do you want?” Steve snarled after a beat of silence.
“Peter, uhm, should I say Peter? Peter, I’m sorry, I realise that the situation just now was not, eh-
“Oh thank god,” Tony said, and Steve went when he rolled them over, and this was a hell of a vantage point. Steve's chest rose and fell as he watched him, and his hair was in danger of falling into his eyes.
Steve's sigh turned into a moan as Tony picked up the pace.
weren't a bad guy, were you?” Rogers retorted.
“Whatever he would have done, it doesn’t matter. Couldn’t have been cured from the moment it began,” Steve whispers.
Obviously it had, but Tony's readings gave him pause. He would have thought hat the orb had fried his systems, somehow, but his sensors still worked. But the uplink to any Stark satellites were down, endless pings disappearing into the ether. Even his not entirely legal backdoors into SHIELD systems weren't giving him any responses.
Steve never panicked, but Tony's words nearly did it. Tony had painted a bullseye on his back, and some Hydra agents aimed upwards. Metal pieces flew out in all directions before a loud blast rattled the street, hurtling a loud shock through the air. It was a invisible explosion except how it rippled through the Iron Man armor.
“Yeah,” he whispers. The tightness in his chest subsides briefly with the confession.
“Not anything,” Steve says quickly, and then feels like a small, horrible person. How could he complain about not being loved enough, when he’s talking to the love of Tony’s life? “I’m sorry,” he tries again, sounding like a broken record.
“What now, then?” Pepper asks as she ushers him in. “Are you going to help with reconstruction, or I think I heard Tony talking about you doing counseling before?”
Rogers huffed. “If that’s how you want to be about it. I suppose that is one thing I have over you then, that I love him more than you.”
“Steve! Get back!”
When Steve came back, he seemed more cheerful than Tony had seen in a long time.
Wow. He lays his palm on his chest. Is this how Yinsen felt, all those years ago? Tony doesn’t think he’s ever found a calm like this before.
It was especially late this evening, late enough that Steve didn’t think that Tony would want anything more than a bath and his bed. Yet here Steve had waited, waiting for the last few hours. Steve jumped, twisting around when he heard the ding of the elevator as it approached. His heart rate picked up against common sense.
Was that it? Had he pleased Tony by getting mad? Was that a turn-on for Tony, and one of those—those kinks that Jan had wanted so hard to try out with him. Thinking about being nothing but—but an unwitting source of sexual satisfaction for Tony made Steve's inner valve go to red, set to explode.
A shield is lifted in front of Steve’s face. “You drop this again, I’m keeping it,” Tony tells him.
“We all have our own ways of dealing with the superhero-civilian identity divide.” Tony aimed a dazzling smile at Rogers, the sort of which Steve hadn't seen in a while. It didn't work on him anymore was why, Steve thought. He'd gotten too used to Tony and how he could make everything seem so easy.  He was like a breeze of fresh air, soaring without looking down. Once, the thought had taken his breath away. Now, Steve prepared himself to be taken along for the ride.
“I…Yeah. That would be a good idea. But—” Steve’s face was growing hot, and he didn’t know how many excuses he could come up with. He fought off aliens and international terrorists, and here he was, cowed by Tony Stark. It had been a stupid idea in the first place, and what type of strategist was he to think it could have worked? Just because characters on television could live on the same floor in the same apartment building and see each other everyday. What had he been thinking—he’d hated bunking with others back in the war. Tony would laugh at him. Tony should laugh at him. “You’d still walk all over them.”
“I—” He doesn’t know what to say. He’s met her, but always with Tony as a buffer. She’s always been careful with her gestures. Then again, she’s the CEO of a billion-dollar company. Still, she’s simpler to interact with than Tony was. Most everyone is.
Jan’s eyes and voice went soft, which wasn’t a much better alternative. “I heard you’ve been in here all day. I thought I would ask if you wanted to get something to eat.”
There’s a prickle at the back of his neck from being watched. When Steve looks over at the kitchen, he can still see fingers gripping the doorframe even if she’d ducked her head fast enough to avoid detection.
“Steve.” Tony didn't know what about him, behind the mask of the armor and years of well-trained duplicity, signaled anything to Steve, but Steve came over and laid a hand on his shoulder.
“And I’m not?”
“Maybe it wasn’t the right time for this,” Jan said. “You must be scared out of your mind. I know what it’s like to lash out when you’re like that.”
“Listen. Thank you for the serum. But the rest of this is on me.”
Steve kneels down. “Not anymore,” he says. “It’s nice to meet you, Morgan. My name is Steve.”
“So—” Rogers wouldn’t back down—“then you’re just lying to yourself.”
“It's not your fault.” Steve scowled. “And I ended up making you lose even more sleep with my patrols, and trying to keep out of sight.”
Steve himself still didn't understand the viability of one's own life support also powering their weapons.
“Her family evacuated without their cat, so she snuck back into town to find him when Hydra started dropping in. Couldn’t just leave her there.”
Tony looked down at him, his hand running through Steve’s hair. Steve turned his head toward Tony’s stomach, and Tony shifted his lap to accommodate him. There was the barest smile on his lips, and Steve found he wanted to reach out and make it wider.
“Mistletoe,” he said when they parted, and Rhodey had definitely had his own share of drinks, Mr. Off-Duty and all, because he grinned at Tony.
Steve helped him to his bed, taking a seat on the edge. Tony laid himself out spread-eagle on it, eyes closed, and his robe was just a formality at this point for keeping him covered. “Oh, that’s wonderful.”
Steve coughed. “We were trying to keep it on the down-low, not make it a big deal. Act just like friends, like teammates. I guess...we...weren't convincing?”
Tony looked up from underneath his eyelashes, and Steve thought he could melt into the floor right here. He licked his lips. Tony wasn't letting up, even if they both knew Steve could put on a burst of super-strength to throw him off if he really wanted.
“So am I.” Tony smiled again. Steve looked away, putting two fingers to his earpiece.
Steve’s stomach dropped, and his palms started to go clammy.
“They shouldn’t be harassing people who are minding their own business,” Steve said shortly as Jan turned the screen at him. He saw himself straddling the kid from the diner, and grunted.
“Good. That's not letting you off of our discussion about you about jumping on mysterious objects of unknown origin.” Steve stepped back and looked around. “But first things first. Did that orb teleport us?”
Tony stilled. “You watched those tapes?”
. But we figured it out, and I was so happy I kissed him?”
Tony rose his hands in surrender. “Hey, I won't deny it. I'd love to sleep, too! It's just that—”
When Tony finished his story, he set his set of tools on his lap, unable to continue.
“Right. Status update, Vision?” asked Sam.
“You could have mentioned who our guest was,” Sam told Steve, who couldn't find it in himself to care.
Whatever victory they attain, it has to be worth it. For her sake.
he was taken aback. Steve could just imagine how the grin would spread across Tony's face behind the faceplate. “You're just as I remember you, Winghead.”
“The shipments didn’t start coming until a few weeks after--” Natasha doesn’t need to point out what. “Every Thursday. There used to be more, but I made a note that most of it, especially the perishables, would be better directed to other sources. Even after that, it’s still way too much for me, though.”
He didn’t know at what point he decided it was easier to pretend to be out of love, to let his feelings linger as a vague longing to be with him. That was how their friendship had always worked. Even just having Tony's friendship back was more than enough, after everything they'd been through.
“Stay here,” he said firmly, and got a whimper in answer.
Carol's first tip-off came the Wednesday after the new charter had been signed and the new team had been branded. Enter the Mighty Avengers, with the new digs to match. T'Challa's people had done a thorough job tidying up their new HQ—Carol could mostly forget that they were currently operating out of a corpse. The corpse of a Celestial whose left ventricle was larger than your average New York walk-up apartment, but a corpse nonetheless.
“Right, back to their original times, to protect against forces of darkness, whatever that chick said.” Tony waves his hand around and breaks eye contact when he starts pacing. “I remember. But how’d that get you to end up here?”
He hadn't meant to meet her alone, but after being ejected out of the hospital ward for shouting at a doctor, then bursting into tears in the middle of the room, he hadn't thought there was anywhere else he could go. Just because Tony was reacting to stimuli again, the doctors told him, didn't mean that recovery was guaranteed. But Steve knew better than them, what Tony was capable of fighting through.
The other Steve Rogers – scale-mail and head wings but loudest of all the blazing, wholesome determination, narrowed his eyes. “Is Hydra that desperate now, recruiting geriatrics?”
“Have you never had contact with other universes before now?” Tony asked.
“I never said anything about that,” Steve said. “This is—it’s our home.” No, that was the wrong answer, and more words spilled out trying to correct his error. “Letting strangers in is...disruptive.”
Carol, who always put in a terrible show at poker and most board games except Yahtzee, tapped her glass of cider on the table with a wicked grin on her face. “Alright, cut it out with the crying. I think it’s time to make things more interesting.”
“So I did. That's where you all came in. I knew you could handle it.” He turned around, looking at the Thunderbolts. “We saved the day. We saved the girl. Hmm, I could get used to this.”
The room’s energy, which had been in the relaxed, easy stages of an inevitable end to an enjoyable evening, shifted to curious, anticipatory.
“Hold on for a second, Steve,” Tony said, and with a blast, shot up into the air. “And
Even though there was an entire moon's worth of Worldkillers whose blood would be on his shoulders, even though there was a reminder in his palm of exactly how the fate of their Earth rested on his shoulders, it didn't matter.
“No worries,” Tony said breezily, scrambling up. “Please tell me you haven't come yet.”
And it wasn't just Carol's decidedly untrained sense of self-preservation speaking here. After everything those two had been through, it was plain as day what their friendship meant to each other. Hell, they'd come and started a new team together. Again, because there was something about those founding Avengers who could never let go of Avenging. Carol had been witness to how much they tore themselves apart whenever that something was threatened.
“Some Jotun beasts have found their way into this realm. My brother has called upon us for aid.”
The thought of someone knowing their place and turning tail and running sounded like exactly what Steve needed. Steve got off the couch.
Tony ducked his head down from where he'd been watching Steve. He was similarly chained to the wall, about ten feet away. “It's for authenticity! Any real supervillain worth their salt would strip us bare if they managed to knock us out.”
“You’re one to talk.”
There was no other explanation he could find. This was one of those—what Luke and Peter referred to as a—
“You learned it?” Kamala sounded incredulous. “Isn't it obvious?”
As awful as it was, Tony hadn't wanted to accept it, either. A different timeline without a trace of the incursions. A world without an Avengers world, and without a Tony Stark.
“You have to wake up,” Steve said, and his own voice made him jump in the silence of the room. He reached out, grasping Tony’s hand, ignoring how his own hand trembled. “You wouldn’t go down without a fight, would you? How would you like people to remember you like that?” The beeping of the heart monitor would never leave his mind as long as he lived.
Time to take a different tack. “Are you two all right?”
Steve didn't answer. He would have a lot of answers for Tony, soon, later.
“I got to see
Thor rested a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “I would offer my congratulations.”
“I'm—” Steve paused. “Captain Steve Rogers.” He doubted there was any point in withholding the truth.
He lifts his other hand, uncurling his fingers to look at the arc reactor again. The light hasn’t given out.
They both sat up, and Steve helped Tony to his feet. Tony sent his armor away, before turning to Steve.
“I didn't feel like myself,” Steve mumbled. They'd found him some clothes, and he was sitting on the couch, hands clasped before him. “I don't know how to describe it. I wouldn't remember or care about the same things I would as a human. But I think part of me knew, it wasn't any less real than what I have now. But I lied and took the easy way out, saying they were dreams. I'd wake up properly, and I'd be surrounded with.” His nose wrinkled. “Mostly food, or blankets, or whatever it is I cared about while I'd transformed.”
“She hasn't outdone me at the age of eight yet, and we still used the mansion for our party. Stark holiday gala: the place to be for the fifty-and-older billionaire crowd.”
“Does Pepper know you’re doing this?”
There was a long silence. Steve squeezed his eyes shut, not ready to open them to see tears.
“No clue. They have these back in your day, Cap?”
There was still one person...
“Why the long face? Let me guess, he turned into a baby.”
“So, you didn't feel the need to bite anyone? Turn us into one of you?” Tony's attempt at humor landed a little, with Steve exchanging a small smirk with him.
Steve could spend the rest of his life holding hands with Tony, but people’s interests weren’t held by things that lasted. Which would just make their story even more riveting, wouldn’t it?
“Well, it is when you're trying to hide it from
“You ready?” Tony said to Rogers, his voice soft. “As far as the calculations tell us, it'll be painless.”
“A lot of things have happened. You wouldn't understand. Tony is...it's not just the Avengers you've known for a decade. We're not always on the same team. We're not on the same team right now.”
It's a stupid, simple, impossible solution. In another world, he was lovable. The failure he is, he'd never achieved that in this lifetime.
Steve's cheeks grew hot. Would he? Did Tony notice how Rogers looked around him? Had he noticed, back then, how Steve had been?
That fact’s never clearer to Steve than when there’s a video call from Tony to Natasha, of him at the hospital at Pepper’s bedside, a bright red face with its squinted eyes peeking out from the bundle of swaddled cloth. Tony’s beaming. Pepper’s smiling too, a gentler, exhausted one, but Tony is the proudest man in the world. The world’s still capable of beauty, and that’s why Steve’s still here. To protect that.
Steve breathed out. “You wanted them to think that we’re the ones who are married.” The words left a bitter taste on his tongue, and to think that the idea would have brought him so much joy not so long ago.
“You really dragged me away from Tony to tell me this?” Steve saw how Jan sat up straight, her attention on him. He should have felt like garbage, knowing he was scaring her, but he hadn’t felt much better to begin with today.
There's nothing left to hide anymore. There's no mask to wear, and it only confirms what Tony'd known from the moment Steve had woken up the first time. There was never any part of Tony Stark worthy of being seen by Steve Rogers.
“Ugh! Fine.” Tony looked down at his toes. “Computer. Override
Tony brought Rhodey in for a hug, clapping him on the back and kissing him on the cheek.
“What's the situation, Thor?” he asked into his comm.
Steve dove underneath her, and that was the worst thing about sparring indoors. There was only so much maneuverability you had in an enclosed space when you were in the air, and that meant that the blind spot beneath Carol was even more pronounced.
“What’s this about?”
“Well, there's one shared experience we have there,” Sue said with a laugh, as she went over next to her husband.
Rogers was staring at Tony, dumbstruck. The voice modulation had vastly changed over the years. Tony's voice was now clearer and distinctly
Steve doesn’t know what to say to her. He thinks any words he has will only make things worse.
Steve's eyes sharpened. “Don't say that about yourself, Tony. How long has this been going on?”
“I miss him,” he confessed.
It was even more awkward for Steve than it was for Tony, Tony was sure. No one else they knew really understand what Steve Rogers's mother meant to him. In the moment on the street, Steve had eyes for no one else other than her, but after the fact...Tony should have excused himself and left them alone.
“No.” Tony shakes his head. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry, for trying to tell you no the first time you tried asking. No wonder you were so hellbent on solving this, telling me about time travel crap. Whatever it takes. You stubborn bastard, you’d never—is it Barnes? Or Wilson? And of course you wouldn’t get the goddamned surgery. You couldn’t move on.”
It was times like these Steve missed his shield.
“Are you finished?”
Steve didn't nod. You couldn't make promises like that, not in their business. Sarah had sensed it too, and she let her fingers trail down Steve's face before stepping back.
And this Reed couldn't be blamed. The Reed of Tony's world couldn't be blamed either. He had his family to think of, and a world to protect.
” Steve’s voice shakes
There were, after all, plenty of framed photographs for display along the walls and across shelves. Most of them were of Sarah and her son. Not snooping, but definitely an invasion of privacy.
“Were you right?”
“I have a sanitary bag in the car,” she tells him. “Or there’s a whole forest around here, if you need a moment.”
“Which part do you think I should be surprised at?”
In this world, Sarah Rogers was still alive, and even though both her and Steve would bristle at the thought, she was alone. In this world, the Avengers were just a fancy in someone's eye, but without someone with the drive to begin and lead them.
you here? The whole point of our time heist was that we went in groups. You need someone. That’s how we do it. Together.” Tony stops in his tracks. His gaze drifts toward the unending horizon for several heartbeats, before he’s inevitably drawn back to Steve. “But we can’t even do that anymore. Because I’m dead.”
Whatever they thought of each other, the fact remained that Steve had few places, if any, to escape his own mind but here. There weren't many who were allowed into the top floor of Stark Tower without prior appointment, and enigmatic as Tony was, their bond had been forged into something that resembled trust.
“You sure about that?” Tony asked. “Your right flank is open now.” He blasted someone away from Steve as he spoke.
Tony wasn't sure how much time had passed the next time he glanced over to Steve. Steve had forgone the tablet in favor of studying Tony. When he noticed, he startled, glancing back at his tablet that was face-down on his lap.
“They are.” In a sense.
“I’ll think about it,” Steve conceded, and Tony finally smiled back at him, making Steve’s heart flutter.
Steve snorted. The others didn't understand, how Steve's future was divided into a time before and after Tony.
After they'd finished their stretches and checked the wraps on their hands, Steve stood in front of Tony, crossing his arms. “We're going to go through all the basics, but now that I know more of what you're capable of and how often you're actually fighting, I'm not going easy on you like last time.”
shocked when Iron Man had been revealed to be Tony Stark. It had made a lot of sense, in retrospect.
“Hmm? Oh, hey Steve. What’s up? Are you already done cleaning up?”
“Wait!” Steve barked. “Not yet.”
“It doesn't feel like a win, sometimes,” Steve admitted.
“It won't be as entertaining without you,” Tony quoted into their private comm, and then Steve was grinning so hard his cheeks hurt. He squeezed off a few more shots, watching the targets crumble over. The gun still felt like it didn't fit right, but by now Steve knew it never would. No reason to complain when they were being swarmed.
Steve tried to think of the Tony Stark from back then. What he knew of him: the distant Avengers benefactor, always kind to Steve, but rarely seen despite owning the mansion he resided in.
Sam shouted.
Steve felt like he’d been dropped on the floor with how his head spun. He mashed his nose below Tony’s belly button and pressed closer, although it was likely physically possible by now.
The person who was with him swore softly, turning to see who their interruption had been.
“It can get tempting,” Tony added. “Sure, by changing the past you're messing with the future, but the change has to be for the better, doesn't it? There are a lot of people we could save. Should have saved.” Tony paused, and no one interrupted. “Anyway, you tell yourself that, it's suddenly much harder to remember, and then we’re all Kang the Conquerors. But no worries, we'll keep a eye on him, Cap.”
“I'm not calling you Master, just so you know.”
“Good, good,” Tony said, thoughtless praise spilling out, and he didn't know if it was instinct or practice that made Steve a natural. He wasn't sure he wanted to know, and he jerked his hips a bit, to watch his cock slip between Steve's lips. Steve moaned in surprise around his mouth, and he squeezed his eyes. Steve's hand came back around Steve's cock but this time the pace he set was hard and fast.
“It’s good for you. You’ll be fine. You know, I wrestled a bear once.”
“Believe me, I am, and I think it’s bullshit. It’s just sex,” Tony told him, and smiled at Steve’s expression. “Am I offending your delicate sensibilities? Would have thought that someone who lived during a war would be the last one to judge me. Then again, you weren't a typical soldier, were you?”
"I cheated.”
A tear runs down Pepper’s cheek, and her hand covers her mouth.
“Because you'd worry, love, and retreat inside your beautiful head. But you know, I had to get the legal team together, so why shouldn't you know? It’s progressed,” Tony told him flatly, tapping the side of his head. “The tumor. Faster than the doctors expected, even. They told me to update my will, although of course I did that before we were even married, and again after we signed the papers. Started the process of doing it again, this afternoon.”
“That's a thought,” Reed agreed when Tony told him his suspicions. “Perhaps we're not a parallel universe, but a parallel timestream, where the Avengers never existed.”
Doc Ock fizzled away with a small flash of rainbow light. The rough dungeon walls shifted into smooth metal, and the air turned sterile. Steve's arms were suddenly freed, and he tested his wrists.
Tony looked around despite himself, but they were assuredly alone in the room.
Steve's takedown hadn't been the most basic, and they couldn't start with it. Steve told him so, trying to ignore how aware he was of his own skin and how it might not just be Tony who wouldn't be able to stand hours of intense grappling practice.
“I don't understand this universe. Even if it has to do with time bullshit, you've never had encounters with the multiverse, nor have you even noticed any strange readings. And they're not easy readings to ignore.”
There was an abrupt spasm, and when he'd found the breath, Tony coughed again. Steve was quick to guide his face with his hand so that he was blinking up at him.
Steve knew his words couldn't mean much, but there was no cure but time for what ailed Rogers.
The new nurse should have been Steve’s first clue. By the time he heard the sound of boots, heels, and harsh whispering out in the hallway and realized the shift change also came with the beginning of hospital visiting hours, he found he didn’t care much to move.
Peter started shaking slightly. This guy was completely missing the point. He needed to be released. This was not about Peter’s behaviour in class or Coach Wilson’s questionable authority; it was about Peter trying very hard to not freak the fuck out. And boy, was he failing at that because Coach Wilson had still not let go of his arm and he was still talking to Peter as if he wasn’t listening. And frankly, he wasn’t. Because he could hear gunshots and a sharp ringing in his ears from something that had exploded not so far away from him. He wanted to bring a hand up because he felt blood drip down the side of his head and he needed to check, but found himself unable to do so because he was still being held tightly.
Peter started to walk away; he needed some air. A feeling of nausea was washing over him. This day couldn’t possibly have gone much worse. The aftermath of the whole thing was nearly worse than when it actually happened.
His nearly-composed plan fell short as the pilot’s patience (was he even a real pilot?) wore thin and he approached Tony. In a lightning fast movement the man went for his throat and pushed him back up against the lavatory door will a dull thud. Tony chocked, hands clawing at the vice like grip latched around his throat. That’s the moment when Steve rounded the corner.
“Park- uh…, Peter!” that sounded like Coach Wilson. Poor bastard didn’t even know how to address him anymore after this holy calamity, screaming insanity. Except Peter didn’t feel sorry for him at all. He wanted to be left alone. He needed some fresh air. Was it warm in here? A hand clamped itself firmly around Peter’s upper arm and spun him around.
“Peter, be sensible, please,” MJ cut him off. “They rammed your car.” There was that no-nonsense his pops loved.
“Okay, Peter, that’s it. You’re coming with me.”
“How are your dads holding up?” MJ never meant to pry or make Peter feel uncomfortable. She was genuinely asking if they were okay. Peter really appreciated this about her.
That tad bit of normality that Peter had thought to have preserved for himself went out the window only a few seconds later when the intercoms in the gym made a static noise, followed by a “
” Tony shouted as Steve reached one arm onto the side wall of the plane for support, breathing heavily. Steve flung his other hand backwards pacifically, telling Tony to stay put.
a kidnapping if you don’t even know who you’re going to abduct.” Ned thought out loud, matter of factly.
Peter still heard his dad shout from a distance before another static noise indicated that the connection had been broken. Great.
Tony closed his eyes and complained softly as fear filled him again. Steve was livid. The situation had him stripped to a primitive. There was nothing he could do because they were outnumbered. Even if Steve managed to make his escape, he had no idea where they were and no means of getting anywhere at all. And as their pilot so aptly pointed out: Tony was vulnerable. He couldn’t risk it. He had the serum to protect him, Tony had nothing. That’s not true– Tony had Steve. Steve would do everything in his power—bend hell or high water—to make sure Tony was safe. One scratch on his husband was already one far too many. Steve, feeling utterly useless in this situation, could still make himself useful by making sure Tony was left unscathed. But even that last sense of usefulness was being denied Steve as it became clear they were going to separate Tony from him.
“Yes, Coach Wilson, I’m sorry. I wasn’t— Wait, what?” Peter exclaimed in disbelief. Was he seriously suggesting that Peter was fleeing because he was a bit flustered
“Yeah, but MJ-“
“Dad you can’t just do stuff like this!”
“What is going on?” He heard a voice from a third party he didn’t particularly recognise. It didn’t matter who they were. He was no longer being held. He could move. He could breathe. He heard shuffling around him and then a low voice that came a little too close for his liking but didn’t sound hostile, “Peter, can you hear me?”
He let his hand run down the wall and let go, but there was nothing behind it, turning back to the empty lab.
What would make him feel better, Steve decided as he pulled up a chair, was for Tony to open his eyes already.
“He’ll be fine,” Steve added curtly.
It was nothing like this, wasting away in a hospital bed while his husband fretted over him, like those soap operas that Tony was full of disdain for, yet always up-to-date on the latest developments.
“Of course he did,” Steve said stiffly.
The Hydra agents were gone. The three of them were the only people in the street. And Tony wasn't responding.
“As long as they have an Avengers, we'll be fine.”
Now that they weren't kissing anymore, Steve felt eerily cold, like he'd been dunked in ice water. The warm, pleasant, hypnotizing feeling of the past few minutes was gone. When he looked up, he froze. Tony was panting, and his eyes were so wide Steve felt even more uneasy. Tony looked more...savage than he should, and it was hard to explain it away as just lust.
“Welcome to the big leagues, kids,” said Thor, followed by a crack of thunder overhead.
It was like a pinprick against his chest, and he hated feeling like this, small and pitiable. His throat burned, and he resisted the urge to wipe at his eyes again. “Just because I was skinny and needed a cane to walk properly didn’t mean that—”
They lose it in the gulf when they destroy a Roxxon oil rig, where the pro-Registration
After a few minutes of spirited argument, Hank and Sam reluctantly took gulps of their beer.
Tony put his hands behind his head, blinking up at the ceiling. “I figured we need a bit of a cooling off period after a guy loses his family, a wife gets nearly beaten to death, and the romantic gets his heart broken. Negotiations with the government are such a slog, and military is even worse. Really now, no need for any of you to concern yourself with it.”
“Well, I'd prefer to jump out of the way of the deserum beam or magic spell.”
“Shut up,” Steve said, mouthing at his neck, pressing him into the bed and pushing his hips against Tony’s long, dexterous fingers, making sure Tony was securely beneath him.
“Where do you want me to drop you?” Tony asked. Steve took a moment to respond, light-headed at the speed. They couldn't move slowly, not when he was a ready target up here. Rogers was doing his job of holding their attention, though. Steve found himself entranced by his younger self. He spent most of his time around superpowered heroes, but none of them moved like that.
“Because it matters to me.” Once, Tony had told Steve he needed him. Now, Tony realizes that Steve needed him just as much in return. That the depth of their feelings had always been equal and opposite, and right here, right now, Steve still needs him. Before, that would have terrified Tony. Now, it’s a discovery. A paradox he’d deemed unsolvable, until he saw it in a different light.
Steve smiled at him. “For better or worse, right?”
“Don't be shy,” Tony said, “I know you don't touch yourself like this. Mm, that'd be a sight, wouldn't it? Do it a bit tighter, squeeze it, right, right, you got it. See, just pretend I'm not here.”
easy, Cap. You can’t have thought that. It took me my whole life to find my answer: I am Iron Man. Who are you?”
“Do we know who ordered the evacuation, yet?” Sam asked.
The faceplate is ripped off now, but there are noises in his ears, warnings of critical failure, and he doesn't know if it's referring to his armor, his body, or his heart. His brain goes dull, because there's nowhere for the oxygen to go, now that his blood is spilling out.
Natasha elbows him in the side, and Steve grins. There’s been no shortage of speculation from within SHIELD or the Avengers, but he and Natasha have never been like that. He wouldn’t give up what he has with her for anything.
In the hospital bed, Tony didn’t look much better than he had before his three surgeries. His heart rate was weak, and his breathing was shallow. If there was a change in either, Steve would be the first to know.
It wasn’t like Tony didn’t already know how he’d changed Steve.
“Iron Man?” Sam didn't sound happy about that.
“Sorry,” he says, smiling weakly at Natasha. “I really shouldn’t have offered to cook for us.”
This was no time to joke. Steve tried to sit up, only for Tony to put his hands on his shoulders to keep him down.
Carol drummed her fingers on the table, and Tony didn't see fit to comment on what had just happened. Carol didn't find herself in the mood for conversation either, mind already at work.
Their faces were inches away. One forearm was across Tony's neck and shoulder, and the other was holding an elbow down, rendering Tony's arms useless. His knees were secure against Tony's thighs, spreading Tony underneath him. His skin dug against Tony's. He'd never given much thought to how much skin pressed against skin to keep a hold.
“Oof!” But she'd managed to make it in time, the rush of air above her ruffling her hair but otherwise unscathed.
“They're responsible for...the creation of the universe. Of a sort.” Steve's eyebrows knitted. “Of our universe.”
Of the rare cases of hanahaki, Steve’s aware he’s an outlier. The life expectancy for those who were diagnosed and refused the surgery was typically four to six months. The longest had been just over a year. But, they also weren’t scientifically enhanced to human perfection. And the people who’d died had been in close proximity with the target of their misplaced love. Co-workers, or close friends. They hadn’t run away like Steve. After all, what type of person would run away from the person they were in love with?
Every word Tony speaks pushes needles through Steve’s heart.
“Intriguing,” Reed said. “Anthony Edward Stark. Iron Man? And none of my records indicate any Howard Starks.”
Tony laughed. “There’s a mansion, over on Fifth Avenue. I was going to give it up for Ultimates use. You’d like it. Right across the street from Central Park, great place for runs or dates with your rebounds. Rooftop pool. Not much of a training gym there, but that can be arranged. It’s much more your idea of a rich person than the guy living a thousand feet above the rest of New York.”
“Really? You’re not talking to them before you leave?” Steve says. He’s surprised Tony is still here, to be honest, and not with his family.
“You obviously thought it was a good idea since you have the Avengers.” Sue nodded at Reed. “We'll just need a leader. If either of you could have stuck around for longer, I'd ask you for advice, to help us out.”
children.”
hearing noises at night, when I'm working. Even if I was, I could live with that!” Tony threw his hands up. “But what I can't explain away is how my things are going missing.”
“Well, congratulations. I didn’t think it’d be possible, for you to be with someone who eclipsed even your popularity.”
“I loved you.” Tony shakes his head, laughing at something unseen, and the air is knocked out of Steve.
“Today, we're going to focus on something that uses more of your strength in spatial awareness.”
Shit, shit,
He wasn’t as sentimental to believe that his presence would hasten Tony’s recovery. But being next to Tony made something in him, flighty and panicked, settle. Steve had gotten through the fight with a few cuts and bruises that didn’t even warrant a field medic, but coming here was worth it just for the worry to subside.
“It’s not about thinking about it. You deserve to be happy.”
“We’re not going back to the hospital?” Steve asked at the door held ajar.
“It reminded me of home; we had a poster of you on the wall,” Tony said, and okay, bad move, dropping that fact.
Tony helps Steve to his feet. The moment’s passed, Steve thinks. The first time he’d kept a secret from him, it’d blown up. It’d ruined them, the team, the world. Steve can’t do it again, no matter how much it’d make Tony hate him. Tony deserves to know all of Steve, after Steve spent so long hiding himself away.
“Stark?” Bucky asks.
There's secrets. There's the manifestation of Reality in an glowing yellow gem, but even that doesn't feel so much of a betrayal as the room of shield prototypes and armors painted red, white and blue next door.
There’s a car engine revving in the distance. Steve grinds his teeth as the sound gets closer. Too close, the compound’s security measures should have kicked in by now.
Halfway through it, he heard the shuffling of feet and froze. Apparently, he still hadn’t managed to wait out Tony, who walked in with a robe that he’d only taken the most passing gesture to tie, the V of the robe drawing the eye to his ample chest hair. Before the serum injections, Steve had never been able to grow any of his own, and the serum hadn’t changed that. Although, according to the SHIELD publicist, that made him more marketable to the American people.
“Well, darling, while you manfully protect me from rampaging beasts, I’ll work for our livelihood. So that Captain America can live in the lap of luxury.”
The wolf whined gently, making to back up. The closer Tony came, the lower it sank to the floor. Tony reached out to touch it, and the whine rose in pitch. But the wolf didn't run, tracking his hand with its sharp blue eyes.
“RT?” Rogers asked, but there was no response. The all too familiar dread was already settling over Steve, and he saw it reflected in Rogers's eyes.
The tablet tilted, and Tony squinted down at him. He jiggled a leg, and Steve snorted, wrapping one arm around Tony's waist. He felt Tony inhale, and watched him.
The poor bastard, and oh, Tony would be actually ruffled at Steve for even thinking that.
So he’s here, handling the arc reactor with more care than he’s ever afforded Tony Stark. He thinks of words he wrote once to Tony, about how Steve’s always placed his faith in people. Individuals. In Steve’s mind, Tony’s diametrically opposed to him in so many ways, so why not here? Tony’s someone who’s smart and capable. He can trust himself. He doesn’t need to place trust in individuals. Tony doesn’t need to place trust in Steve.
“Marry me.”
“Vision usually doesn’t bluff,” Wanda added.
Tony sniffed. “I’ll have you know, I ran out of everything, including the crap, two days ago and was too busy vegetating in old underwear to get more.”
Steve's arms were suspended above his head, wrists locked in place by metal rings bolted to the wall. He tested the give, and nothing gave way.
“I figured that—we never really worked out the details of how the Ultimates were going to operate. After we broke with SHIELD.”
In conclusion, Rhodey would not approve, from the fraternization angle, even if Tony was a consultant, and even if he was consistently pro-Tony being with people who weren't cowed by him. Usually, they connected on some level.
Tony slides the shield onto his hand, and Steve’s heart swells.
It would be great if superheroes could always be optimistic, but part of saving the world every other week was preparing for the worst-case scenario. Most of the time? It was justified. When it wasn't, that was the time for self-derisive laughter and maybe some apologies.
Even Hank seemed sufficiently deflated, and he didn’t care about romance other than what Jan made him care about. Steve’s cheeks grew even hotter.
“To the contrary—”
Steve opened his mouth to answer, but didn't know what he could say that wouldn't give him away, and left it hanging. Tony's eyes dipped down to Steve's mouth. Oh god, Steve hoped he hadn't looked like that when he'd been staring at Tony's mouth earlier because it was pouring oil on the fire.
“What a crime that'd be." Tony nods. “Well, then our best bet is to get them to a safe place where they're not in danger of being blown up.”
There was a lump in Tony's throat, and Steve was looking at him like—like something he'd only seen in dreams, with wonder and disbelief. Like he couldn't believe of what Tony was capable of, just like Tony felt for him.
“You’re the one who—who—” Steve can’t even say it. “So why does it matter what I think?” Steve’s not angry. He’s not questioning the unfairness of never being asked about his feelings. It’s honest, earnest, and whole-hearted. Tony finally understands the truth between them.
“It’s just, kind of a boner killer, to think you’re about to get murdered by Captain America.”
Tony shrugged. “I'm not embarrassed.”
Tony groaned, pulling away from the other person. His frustration and desire was something Steve had never seen before. His face was flushed and his collar was skewed, the top few buttons unbuttoned, revealing the curls of chest hair. Steve felt something in his stomach twist with the knowledge that this was what desire looked like on Tony Stark—nothing like the humor in his eyes when he teased Steve.
The door to the room was shut. Steve readied himself, fist raised to knock, and heard a noise. The muffled sound came again, putting Steve on edge. His hands went to his belt as he crouched down, keen for any sign of struggle as he double-checked for the gun strapped to his back.
“I'll be right here. I won't move.”
change that. But you’re not going to be beholden to it forever, okay? You have your own choices to make from here on. What will you do?”
Tony let out a sound like a tea kettle going off, which was quickly cut off by the creak of a rusty door opening. An inhuman silhouette stood in the doorway, obscured by the light, and stepped forward.
“What is that thing?” Rogers said shakily.
If Steve had been scared once, then Tony had cured him of that. He shook his head, hoping Tony was watching.
A few minutes later, staring at a blank wall in an empty hallway, Tony heard him. Sure-footed and steady, and Tony brought a hand up to his eyes, wiping away the tears there. Pathetic.
Steve didn't stop staring.
A decade ago, Tony would have found that unsettling. Now, he tries to tell himself that really, it’s sort of peaceful.
“Who put this in here? ” Steve suddenly asked. He frowned at the sprig of mistletoe, twirling it around like he was trying to reconcile it with everything else in there.
Hearing his name from Tony, whose eyes are sparkling, and whose face is so close… Steve swallows, and brings a fist to cover his mouth.
“Did I do the right thing?” The instant Tony says it, he’s afraid. But Steve has to know the answer. He’s seen the aftermath. He has to tell Tony that…
throw his head back and come. His regrets at coming too quickly were washed away by the orgasm, his mind riding the waves.
If Steve had thought that touching Tony before, through layers of clothing, had been a shock, then this is. This is being hit with the full force of Thor’s lightning. The person he’d been for the past five years, the person who’d been in love hopelessly, endlessly. Whoever that Steve was no longer exists, with the force of their newly formed bond. He can’t take his eyes off Tony when their hands clasp together, and even though Tony’s eyes are hidden behind his sunglasses, he knows Tony is doing the same.
Steve freezes. His expression is blank, hollow, sunken, and Tony never sees that face outside of the mirror.
He debates waking Tony and the others up. In theory, they can take their time. But it’s been five years already. The instant they work out the final kinks in their plan, they’re going right for it. It’ll be a few more days at most, and they need their proper rest.
“You let me stay here,” Steve said. Tony ignored him, but Steve didn’t stop. “If you weren’t even serious, then you shouldn’t have--” Tony shouldn’t bring strange men back here. It was his tower, his property, but still, the thought, the idea of it rankled at Steve, made him itch for a solid punching bag. That’s what whorehouses were for, although Tony was a fancy man. He could afford a night, or several, in a nice hotel, and then Steve wouldn't have to stick around waiting for him to come home.
“I'm hot, you're hot, we're lonely. So, maybe?”
“I can save the congratulations for him, too,” Clint finally said. “I don’t know what was going on in your head, but for once, and I don’t know how the hell he did it, Tony made a good choice.”
“I think, uh.” Steve coughed loudly. “There's nothing to discuss about me and Tony. We're fine as always. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to discuss some SHIELD matters. Duty calls.”
She found Tony rearranging his lab the next evening. He was having a hell of a time doing it, too, humming and nearly twirling through the place with his energy. She allowed herself a moment of laughing into her fist before she cleared her throat.
“It's fine, I want to finish this before I lose where I'm at.”
“You notice how these goons are all over the place?”
“After Brucie?” Tony scoffed. “We’ll be lucky if they don’t have our heads on a pike for letting another one of our team free.”
The man’s shirt was untucked and half-open, and the zipper on his pants was similarly undone. Steve averted his eyes quickly, but he hadn’t missed the prominent bulge there, or the reddening marks on his neck and chest, or how how Tony’s hand hadn’t left the man’s waist. Tony’s hand had pushed up his shirt and rested on his hipbone, and it was obscene, how Steve knew exactly how Tony had left the man this way.
He felt Tony shift, but the other man didn’t offer any words up. What was Tony going to tell him? Even money couldn’t buy his life away from cancer. Steve had known the first time he’d kissed Tony back that he was falling into something he couldn’t handle. But there was a reason that Tony lived like he did, to the fullest. Back then, it’d made Steve envious. Back then, he never would have imagined ending up here. That was just like Tony, to turn his views upside-down and make him realize there was so much room for life to change for the better.
“Was that—Iron Man, come in!”
Rogers stood in the middle of the street, chest heaving, and wiped an arm across his face. Tony, floating over the scene, looked over in Steve's direction and raised an arm.
Steve frowned at his drink. Really, it shouldn’t have surprised him. Depending on the team, they either got to this point within two questions or ten, but it always ended up at relationships and sex. Tony joked that Steve would have to make a proposal to add a clause to the Avengers charter if he really didn’t want the Avengers to talk about their love lives, and that when your team membership had a statistically unlikely ratio of preternaturally attractive people, these discussions was inevitable. And apparently these very attractive people had more…options for adventure.
Steve sat down in the chair previously occupied by him and Tony in what couldn’t have been more than 15 minutes ago, but felt like a lifetime. Tony reached for the chair across from him and made to sit down as the man’s hand clutched painfully tight around Tony’s upper arm and yanked backward. Steve leaned forward-
“Alright,” the man said, slackening his grip. Tony’s knees buckled and he sucked in quick quiet breaths of air, desperate to catch up on the much needed oxygen. “Both of you are going to sit down, and stay down, until we reach our destination-“
Peter was pretty sure that his mouth had turned into an actual ‘O’ shape. His dad could not be serious right now. The whole gym had turned silent again and was watching the ceiling as if Tony Stark was actually
worse, who knew that was possible?). Peter told him so.
“That actually sounds wonderful, Tony. I think we can afford to reward ourselves a little vacation.” Steve sealed the promise with a kiss on Tony’s lips. That certainly shut him up. Tony moved his head forward pliantly and pressed his bottom further into Steve’s crotch area. Steve moaned.
So he cleared his throat as he worked up the courage to embark on a journey, filled with wide orbs and soft whispers directed his way, to the other side of the gym. When he reached the far corner, after what couldn’t have been more than 7 seconds but felt like an eternity nonetheless, he let out a slow and steadying breath, calming himself.
“Geez, MJ, save some for you friends,” Ned interrupted.
“Peter, take a few deep breaths, okay? We’re gonna get you to the nurse.” He made eye contact with the principle who was looking at him sympathetically. He shuddered again and nodded at him shakily. Coach Wilson stepped forward to help Peter up but the principle held up his hand, “Maybe it’s best if I do that.” The coach looked a little taken aback but stepped back nonetheless. A look of shame washed over his face when he realised he caused Peter to have a panic attack, even if he hadn’t meant to.
fucking touch him.” Steve snarled dangerously.
“What?”
“I know that, I do. Honestly. But it’s just- I need my space. I feel like I can’t breathe. I don’t need them to mollycoddle me. It’s not their fault that this happened and they can’t protect me from everything.”
“-proves that you haven’t been listening to a wo-“ his coach kept rambling on.
, Steve, and right around this time of year is the best…” Steve wasn’t really listening anymore, just watching Tony in adoration as he used his hands emphasise his story—the Italian part of him already slipping up—and spoke with so much enthusiasm that Steve couldn’t help but get excited with him. Maybe a little break is what they’d deserved. At least it’s something he knew they really
“See! Three months, two days, and 8 hours! That must be a personal record of some sort, right?” The glee in Tony’s voice was adorable, thought Steve.
“Dad!” Peter accused him angrily. He wanted to sink through the floor. Was that a possibility?
Steve
it actually took a little pause for Tony to add that plea at the end. Peter was thankful for it, though. He sighed again. He was’t angry with his dad– okay, no, scratch that. He
“-me to take you to the principal’s office? Because I-“ he was shaking him now slightly, too. Trying to get his attention. But Peter was too far gone. Flashes of armed men in black stalking towards him danced before his eyes. Happy was on the ground only a few feet away, still shooting at them from where he was lying. But that didn’t stop them.
angry with him for this funky little stunt, but he didn’t want to make this whole situation harder on him than it already was. He knew this was at least as hard on his dads, if not harder, than it was on him. Hell, he’d seen how they acted when Peter had stumbled out of the totalled car, panicked and concussed, trying to find purchase on various debris, before two strong arms grabbed him and—
——————————
“Peter, don’t apologise. Seriously!” Ned told him sternly. “We were just lucky that your dads are freaking
“Hey darlin’,” Steve smiled and nuzzled his nose into Tony’s hair as Tony had opted for Steve’s lap to sit down on rather than the ridiculously comfortable chair across from him.
“Tsk tsk, Captain. I know how badly you want to play the hero and save your damsel, but that is
"Ahem, alright guys," Coach Wilson cleared his voice, "Come on, chop chop, these movement compositions don't finish themselves!" he directed at the class, still a little flustered himself.
." He mentally cursed himself for reconfirming his weakness to their foe.
“Mr. Stark, please return to your seat.” He said, not exactly unkindly but he didn’t exactly leave much room for argument either. Tony didn’t respond. He just stared at the man across from him, his mind racing on the possibilities of how this could have happened, but more importantly, how he was going to get them out of this.
God, he hated the staring. If he thought it was bad when he was just the ‘new kid’, well then, let him reevaluate. For someone who appreciated his privacy and didn’t enjoy being the center of attention, this could be considered their own personal hell. He couldn’t even be mad about it, really. He probably would’ve done the same if he was in their position. It was not something you’d take lightly, even if Peter
“Peter!” MJ whispered hurriedly, and she hugged him. He had only missed two days of school and the kidnappers had never
“Well, actually it is.”
for you, but it wasn’t for me, either. And I know that your f- uh, Mr Stark is known to, well, you know, ‘do what he wants’, quote, unquote, but that doesn’t mean I can have you skipping class every time a minor inconvenience occurs,” his coach finished stumbling. That was fine. That was cool. Okay, he just needed to make clear to him that he was not running off simply because his dad embarrassed him.
“And successfully so.” Steve responded warmly. They stayed like that for a while, huddled in each other’s embrace, stealing kisses from the other every once in a while because that’s the lovey-dovey crap they we’re still eagerly committing to even after so many years of being together— before they were rudely interrupted by the plane suddenly jerking left and Tony falling out of Steve’s lap onto the airplane floor with a thud.
gotten very far with him, but he still hugged back. Because it felt good. Peter was sure MJ was giving the rest of the class her Medusa Death Glare™ over his shoulder because he could hear people slowly starting to shuffle about and the room beginning to fill up with mindless chatter again.
, before this whole thing took a turn for the worse (
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep, Captain Rogers.” The man answered as he seated himself next to Tony in the back of the car, still thightly holding onto him, before the door was slammed shut.
to make smart and fast tactical decisions under pressure, but somehow right now, the pressure was too much to think clearly under. Scratch 'somehow'– he knew exactly why he was unable to think straight. The fucker still had a gun pointed in his husband's general direction and it was making the sweat break out with Steve. He could also hear Tony's ragged breaths, the raspiness caused by the pilot's earlier stunt cutting off his airways, painfully evident to his super hearing and it made him want to drag the man with his teeth across the pavement. How dare he lay a hand on him?  For once, Steve really wished he'd just humored Tony when he was pestering Steve to not go to this conference and do literally anything except for that. The situation would have been infinite times better had Tony not been here. Steve could take them, but not with Tony right there next to him, imperilled. He started tapping his foot nervously at the thought.
his dads voice snapped him out of it. And this time he actually did sound apologetic, even though he didn’t vocalise an excuse.
"Could you just..." he hesitated, "Could you just not point the gun at him...
“Let me go!”
“That’s like a 20 minute detour! That’s not necessary, I can just-“
“She’s got a point, actually,” Ned responded thoughtfully. “All the stuff they had with them, the chloroform, duct tape— this was clearly planned. And you don’t
They were actually planning on taking him. And undoubtedly by force if they had to, seeing from the amount of guns they brought and the complete lackadaisical manner in which they wasted their bullets on the car and on Happy. He doesn’t even want to think about where he would be right now if his dads hadn’t showed up in time. He hadn’t let himself think about this for the past weekend and Monday he had spent cooped up on the sofa, safely wrapped in a blanket, one dad on either side. But now they were gone and he felt oddly alone and vulnerable walking down this long, empty hallway when both his sides were unflanked. Were those footsteps he heard chasing after him?
“It’s fine, Ned. Can we just please finish this movement composition so we can get a B and go home?” Peter sighed. This was gonna be a long day. Maybe he should’ve listened to his dad when he insisted he’d stay home for at least a few more days or so. But he was just as stubborn as his old man. And just as restless, for that matter. So he insisted on going. But now he could feel the beginning of a booming headache flourishing behind his eyes. Hindsight’s a bitch.
“Where are we going?” Tony demanded. The back of the gun hit Tony over his temple faster than he could blink. Black spots danced in front of his eyes and he could feel a little trail of blood trickling down the side of his face. And that was it. Steve stormed forward to rip the pilot off Tony with one swift, forceful movement and managed to rain down two well-placed punches in the guy’s face before a loud
“I didn’t say anything!” Steve raised his hands in innocence and grinned.
“You don’t get it Peter. Listen, Tony is a genius; the smartest man in the world. Steve is probably the strongest- if you don’t count your Uncle Bruce when he’s Hulked out, or your Uncle Thor -though he’s technically a God-"
Peter sighed, “I would just like to feel normal.” He didn’t want to be stared at, rumoured about, and for once he didn’t want to have to hide the truth about who he really was without people thinking differently of him and
“Peter,” he heard vaguely, because his ears were still ringing. It sounded like it was far away. However, he knew that it couldn’t be because the owner of the voice was still holding onto him. His breathing picked up. Hadn’t he repeatedly told them to let him go? It’s not as if kidnappers would actually listen to him if he asked nicely. He thrashed and squirmed in the hold but it only seemed to be counterproductive.
sounded and Steve felt a sudden sharp pain right above his kneecap. He stumbled backwards, but refused to fall down, determined to keep his body placed between Tony and their attacker.
Tony looked at him worriedly when he grunted as he tightened the belt. Steve had no idea where they were going but he knew that once they arrived at their destination it would be that much harder to make an escape. He also knew that making an escape wasn't possible until they had reached their destination. Which meant they were fucked, royally so. He tried to think of a plan. He was a strategist, it was his
A kidnapping. Jesus. He swallowed hard. He picked up his pace and pushed through the double doors exiting the gym. He opted for the dressing rooms but they smelt of sweat and old sneakers and that wouldn’t do him much good right now. So he turned left into the direction of what he hoped resembled a more quiet part of the school.
“I’m alright, Steve. I’m okay,” Tony assured him. “JARVIS, what’s happening, buddy?”
“Color me impressed, sweetheart.” Steve just smiled, amused. “And for your edification, I’d love to explore Rome with you.”
The pilot only smiled in response, "No, I don't think I will."
, well, he would figure that out on the fly. Priorities. Steve took a step backward. “Let him go.” He gritted out.
“You know you could easily beat me, Captain,” the man began, “I know that, too. So you could try; overpower me and save the day, but none of that before I will be able to put a bullet in your husband as well. And even if you were to be successful, the jet is rigged to set course straight down into the ocean if you temper with the controls. I know you might survive a plane crash, but will he?” He gestured from his position on the floor with the gun in his hand to Tony. Steve weighed over his options. They were over 30.000 feet up in the air, he wasn’t actually going to shoot, was he? Then again, he just did. He didn’t know if he was speaking the truth about the jet setting course for the
“NO!” But as soon as Steve is turned, he is met with Tony’s fearful eyes as the pilot has yet again pressed his damned gun up against Tony. Steve hisses dangerously, not knowing where to look or what to do, his senses going haywire. The leader continues approaching and Steve feels himself nailed to the ground, even when he passes Steve and gently lowers the pilot’s gun from Tony’s face, releasing the pilot of his duties. Tony lets out a shaky breath.
