Bucky sighs “I tried. Have been subtly suggesting different dates since I figured it out but the picky bastard always weasels his way out of it.” Sam snorts in disbelief.
Peter wants to apologise for causing such a big blow out but can see that the boss has got dark circles under his eyes and thinks it probably isn’t the right time to bring it up. The intern twitches a little as Mr Stark waits for him to reply.
Maybe he should have texted ahead? Checked that it was okay to come by.
Steve’s eyes soften slightly. “Tony likes you Pete. Can’t shut up about you actually. You’ve impressed him over the last couple of weeks.”
Peter frowns, feeling confused. He knows he’s already created quite the mess though so he refrains from saying anything further. Jess blinks at him expectantly.
“And lets be honest” Steve adds “Fisk is lucky to have had this all go down before your promotion was announced because you are a much more dangerous enemy to go up against than Mr Softie over here.”
“So the animosity wasn’t just for show?”
Peter gapes at her, feeling a sharp pang of betrayal hearing the old nickname. He watches Luke’s head raise quickly and runs his hand through his hair.
Peter gets to the door but hesitates as he’s leaving, wanting to ask but knowing it was none of his business. He stands there willing his hand to turn the handle but his curiosity gets the better of him.
Bucky gives Peter a strange look “Yeah?”
“With all due respect STARK.”
“Not necessarily.” Luke says slowly. “It’s just he’s come by the office a lot in the past few weeks. With all the rumours about the positions higher up opening up it’s making people pretty jumpy.”
Pepper’s smile takes a shark like edge. “Not on your life Tony. I have plans for you.”
“Yeah, but this just got interesting.”
Jones and Luke both try to stare disapprovingly but the wrinkles by their eyes give away they think Peter is funnier than they let on.
Peter laughs in delight as he and Steve arrive at the entrance of Josie’s bar.
“Please. Peter has barely seen the man and he’s been working at Marvels for weeks now.”
Tony blanches from that reveal before sighing and pushing his face back into Steve’s side “I worry about the way information circulates in this company.”
“Thank god.” Sam shouts, shooting his arms out and causing his drink to slosh over the side of his glass a little. “No offence Tony, but none of us could understand how that man became the Artistic Manger in the first place. Especially when the company has somebody like Steve working there”
“Maybe not but he certainly was the root of yours.” Steve accuses lightly.
The game didn’t seem as fun as it originally had now.
“Huh? What did Steve say?” Luke asks, his forehead furrowing.
Weird, Peter thinks. He thought Mr Stark wasn’t insecure about anything. Especially his love life, which is what Rhodey is talking about right now.
“You’re a cocky guy for someone who hasn’t even been asked to be my best man yet. I have other options, Platypus. Thor could be back in town. Hell, Logan would at least provide a butt load of booze to my epic bachelor party.” Tony says, insecurities from before seem forgotten. “Now get out Honey Bear. I’ve got Underoos waiting outside and I’d like to introduce him to Mr Hello Kitty here before Fisk inevitably storms in with his next list of complaints and demands.”
“But I haven’t even made that many lame jokes yet!” He jokingly protests.
“Tony, you can’t let Wilson do this to Peter.” Steve demands. Great, it seems the Marvels rumour mill strikes again. Gossip really does spread like wildfire at this place.
“I do. I just think it’s unfair on Peter.” Steve says, a slight apology in his tone.
“Alright, how did you go? What’s the decision with the centre spread on Vanessa? “Fisk says in an authoritative tone. “I’ve already told her to put her full trust in us.”
It’s not until the end of the day that Peter hears the fruition of his matchmaking tactics.
Rhodey slams the door shut again and leans with his back against it while hitting his head into the panel behind him.
“If we are making this month all about the advances T’challa’s company has made, then it might not be a bad idea to do a throwback to a previous expose we have done on Panther Corporation.” Mr Stark suggests.
Jess’s face is now what Peter can only describe as unimpressed “Don’t be dense Parker. Stupid is not a good look on you.”
“Steve, I have so much to sort out right now. I really don’t need you yelling at me as well.” Tony sounds drained, clearly overwhelmed with the HR mess Fisk and Peter are about to cause.
Peter can tell they were all written by the same neat cursive handwriting. Until he read the last one he assumed they were from Pepper but there’s no way Pepper would refer to Fisk as a jackass, no matter how accurate that may be. She was too professional. Maybe they had been from Rhodey? Peter would have to try and catch him later and see if the man would share some others with him.
“And since you so graciously volunteered for an impossible task,” Sam continues “we knew you were the guy for this job. Unless you are just all talk Parker?” Sam’s face looking a little too smug for Peter’s liking.
Jess looks at Peter flatly “Your favourite movie when we were seniors was Ten Inch Hero”
Steve tries to join in “Mm. You do make things awfully hard on people sometimes.”
In fact, if this is a movie he would do the inevitable drunk WhY ArE We WhIsPhEring skit. But he doesn’t because Peter is not a cliché.
“No, wait Steve! You don’t have your bike remember?” Mr Stark whispers. “I’ll message Happy and he can take you both to your homes.”It seems to be directed to Steve privately but Peter’s head is a little too fuzzy now to really understand the meaning behind the secrecy.
“Um wow. Thanks” The tightness in Peter’s chest loosens slightly from the praise. Tchalla grins in return.
“Clint wanted one and said that if I was a true friend I’d get it for him” Tony responds “And for some reason, I like that asshole. So here we are.”
Luke punches him lightly “Does everything have to be a joke with you?”
“Pete, I’m not sure if anyone has told you this yet. But you were very brave the other day.” Peter looks up to see Steve staring at him with high regard. “Foolish, but brave. Thanks for helping Tony distract Fisk. Next time run like the wind when someone pulls a gun out.”
“Wait, why didn’t you take your bike in today?” Peter asks
“Leaving so soon? I just wanted to let you know that your final three images aren’t up to scratch. I need them redone.” Fisk says sourly.
Some of Steve’s stories still blow Peter away, especially the ones about protest activities and the work that goes into advocating for many social stances. The man has even had a couple of arrests.
Jess, having overheard their gossiping, squints at the group before flicking her long glossy hair at a them.
“Wilson said he wouldn’t be able to look at them for you until the end of the weekend. I just wanted to help.” Steve admits, a little small.
“You are a menace, Steven. You could at least ask if I’ll pay for it” Mr Stark grouches. He purses his lips as he moves back to the counter.
Peter went looking for Steve and presented him with banana muffins that, surprisingly, Logan had cooked up for Peter the night before.
“I’m fine.”
Steve raises an eyebrow “Hypothetically?”
“Peter, whatever it is I’m sure it’s not as bad as you think.” Bucky suggests, trying to calm the intern down.
“What the hell Stark?” Steve yells.
Steve shrinks back as noises of complaint are directed at him from his coworkers.
“This is no longer about the challenge, Sam.” Peter continues “Steve needs a distraction to pull him away from getting messed up further with dick face Willie. We are now talking about the greater good.”
“You are important too.” Steve is still trying to grunt out, all while Tony shushes and fusses over him “You give me a purpose, somewhere to belong…..” The blonde’s eyes are starting to droop now. Tony’s face becomes tighter but his voice stays steady and soft as he comforts Steve.
“Excuse me, I need to call my girlfriend.” Peter makes a dash for the smoker's area. Not looking anyone in the eye as he passes.
Fisk waves Steve off “I’ve had an extremely busy day with Vanessa sorting out Stark’s mess. She was utterly offended by the decision made this morning.”
“Just saving you from saying something offensive. No need to thank me.” not looking away from Tony to acknowledge the jib properly.
“Only a crazy person would not think Pepper is pretty, Peter. I used to ask if I could draw her a lot actually. She has an amazing profile. That doesn’t explain your sudden obsession though.”
“I wasn’t in Brooklyn this morning”
It’s a drawing of her in the middle of a board meeting, standing tall and impressive, looking over some photos T’challa is presenting and gracefully tucking her hair behind her ear.
“And so let’s all congratulate Ms Potts on officially becoming Marvels new editor-in-chief!”
Peter wants to scream but his throat seems to be incapable of making any noise. Many other guest scream for him though.
“Oh absolutely” Clint snorts.
Peter remembers back to the day with the drawing and shudders, searching for any reason to divert the conversation. His eyes fall on Steve, who isn’t looking as flustered as Peter had assumed he’d be, more specifically it falls on his hands.
“Steve, can we see the ring again?” Peter offers quickly.
“YOU’VE HAD SEX?” Peter yelps mockingly and accidentally knocks Clint’s drink out of his grasp in the process. Peter shuts his eyes tight waiting for the telling sound of crashing glass. It doesn’t come though so Peter opens his eyes to find Clint has managed to catch it just before it hit the floor, barely spilling a drop.
Steve frowns “Of course, I would consider her one of my friends.”
On Tuesday, Luke and Jones help Peter write the sappiest love letter possible. It is probably a bit much but Peter wants to make sure the picture is much clearer for Pepper to recieved this time after the disaster that was the drawing last week.
When Peter sees it’s Mr Stark he moans a little “Oh no. Not you too. Jones is in for a world of pain.” Peter is still feeling extremely overwhelmed and having a conversation with the boss does nothing to ease his emotions.
The man greets Peter and reaches out to shake his hand. Peter accepts and returns the greeting while taking in the man’s long blonde hair and eyebrow piercing. The gears in his brains scream to a halt. He points at the man and slowly turns back to the couple beside him.
“Pepper is a special woman to play the middle man between the two of you.”
Peter stands by the door, patiently waiting, and tries not to eavesdrop. The conversation is quite loud though and he can’t help but overhear a little of what is happening in the next room.
“Thanks” Steve replies and beams at Tony. “How is Carol, Jim?”
"Oh yeah? A meeting spent spinning around on a chair and an extra-long lunch break is clearly showing us that. Gold star for Peter Parker." Clint smirks
Luke unfortunately just moves his head aside, dodging it easily and causing it to hit Jones’ ear. Crap! Peter tries to put on his best I-Am-Innocent face and pretends to examine his nails as she looks up at him from her drink.
The other man in the room, that Peter hasn’t identified, sighs deeply “Stark, don’t be dramatic. I just need to know which one of these rings you like.”
“Well, saying that this plan backfired is an understatement.” Luke says slowly.
Happy with his hypothesis, Peter concludes who should get started straight away.
“Andddd I’m drinking whisky again even though I specifically said I was done drinking whisky.” Peter moans quietly.
“Tony! For once, stop being such a smart ass and listen to me!” Steve says mulishly, probably leveling the full weight of his disapproval on the boss.
He, Virginia “Call me Pepper” Potts his main editor and right-hand man, James “Just call me Rhodey” Rhodes the Social Media Manager and Steve Rogers, one of the Picture Editors, were all in a deep conversation about the direction the magazine currently, heads all pressed together as they look over some of the proposed boards. Peter truly believes he could spend all day watching the three debate where they should be taking Marvels this month and how to go about ironing out the kinks they could foresee occurring in the upcoming weeks.
“It’s not like I’m taking anything he says seriously but the man is still technically an employee. What more am I meant to do? I can’t force the man to like the interns. Just like I can’t force him to come to work or force him to care more about his department. You know Fisk said the only way he will start to commit more is if I take on more of his ideas and I refuse to be stronghold-ed in such a way Steve.”
“What sketch?” Steve enquires, tilting his head.
Bucky scoffs “The guy is a walking talking nightmare but a broken clock is right twice a day.”
“but I-“
Peter waves Clint off. “No. I think that ship may have sailed.” He turns over to Sam and Bucky and resigns himself to his fate, dramatically bringing the back of his hand to his forehead “You are right. Your boy is a hopeless case. Do your worst.”
Peter rolls his eyes at himself. Sooooo obvious.
“Oooohhh yes, gossip! Peter, Tell us all Steve’s juicy secrets.” Jones says smirking.
Peter scrunches his nose. “Anyone ever tell you you missed your calling in writing greeting cards?”
“Peter, how much have you had to drink?” Steve says, looking at Peter suspiciously.
The group say nothing and all take a sip of their drinks, a little lost in thought.
“Seriously Punk, stop being a stubborn idiot and lay off on Stark. I know you guys have your differences but you are really stepping on the guy’s toes. It’s coming across like you don’t think he can fill his father’s shoes and you know how well Stark takes opinions like that.”
“I actually didn’t know, but it makes sense now that I've seen it. You compliment each other. Steve slows Tony’s thoughts and settles him down and Tony loosens Steve up and prevents him from being too serious or fixated by work. It’s kinda adorable.” Luke dissects as he sips his beer.
“Make sure you get yourself something expensive.” Mr Stark yells after her sarcastically.
“Maps still playing up on your phone?” Steve asks
Peter turns to ask him if he had lost something when Rhodey subtly slides in next to Tony and hands him what looks like to be small velvet box.
Peter chuckles under his breath a little. Steve always tends to make sure everyone is being treated with a high level of respect so it's not surprising that not even the big boss isn’t above these subtle reminders. It is fairly amusing though.
Jones raises an eyebrow at Peter “Really? I take it you don’t know that I’m the one who takes Steve’s pens when he’s not looking”
Mr Stark doesn’t seem to get the humour though because he just stands there spluttering before he throws his hands into the air and stomps off to get another doughnut.
Peter flicks back over some of the other sketches. There were a few of Sam and Bucky. Quite a few of Mr Stark which was weir- OH!
Tony observes the painting with a scowl. Not shaken in the slightest by the shot that was aimed just beside his head.
“That’s just your fancy way to say you think my opinions are shit, ROGERS.” Mr Stark bites out. “For somebody who said they weren’t going to yell 5 minutes earlier, you seem to be doing quite a lot of it. I get it, everyone is inadequate when compared next to you. Especially me. But like it or not, Wilson is not your problem and I don’t have to run this magazine the way you want me to. Just like I didn’t have to run it the way my father or anyone else wanted me to!”
“Ughh, fine don’t tell us then. We all know it’s Pepper anyway.” Peter turns away from the conversation and back to his camera again, not seeing Steve cock his head before shaking it in dismay.
“Wait, really?” Luke seems caught off guard as Sam scuffs his partner on the back of the head.
“Hey! No. Pete that had nothing to do with you. We shouldn’t have kept this quiet as long as we did. That was all our own hang ups.” Tony reassures “I was keeping details about the situation to myself because I didn’t want extra stress on Steve’s shoulders. Then when he kept pushing to be more involved, I got all insecure and thought he didn’t trust me to be able to handle everything myself, like how my father never had. See nothing to do with you.”
Bucky makes a sound of disbelief. “Steve is wayyy too good a guy to get someone fired because they meddle a little with his love life, Small fry. Plus Logan’s right! It’ll be good for him to get back out there.”
Pepper laughs at this, putting a hand on Steve’s shoulder “I better be getting back to Tony. He has a heap more work he has to get through before he can even think about leaving tonight. T’challa is coming again tomorrow. Would you drop by to show him these?” Steve nods, the slight dismay badly hidden in his eyes as Pepper turns with a toss of her red hair.
“I’m going to wine and dine the fuck out of you now that I can. Get you all dressed up for the fanciest restaurant and spoil you rotten.” Tony continues, sitting his chin up on Steve’s shoulder and humming happily.
Feeling chuffed but still slightly ashamed that he ruined Tony and Jess’s moment, Peter heads over to where Luke is chatting to a few of the others.
“Nah, Steve went easy on him” Peter jumps in. “If he really wanted to annoy Mr Stark, he should have drunk his coffee.”
Peter scowls lightly at Logan as he pulls out his phone, watching Tony and Steve share a brief but tender kiss.
“Like you could have come up with something better Logan”
Unable to help himself, Peter bursts out laughing. He had never seen the rivals really “compare sizes”, as people around the office have started calling it, before. Now that it’s happening in front of him, he can hardly believe how childish it looks from two grown-ass men.
“It’s labeled with his name. I can see it right there.” Bucky points
“Don’t get ahead of yourself Stark. You cannot run that until you have received confirmation that T’challa is going to like the angle we are taking” Steve says in a stern tone.
“And how are you going to gain our respect if you only bring coffee and tasty treats to just Stevie? Especially when the punk refuses to share with us.” Bucky counters.
Peter takes another bite from the sesame seed bagel (which really is quite pleasant) and goes back to studying the man in front of him who seems to really be enjoying his own bagel. They’d finished discussing gift ideas a while ago and now we’re sitting in a comfortable silence.
“What!?” Peter pouts “Party Pooper.”
Peter Parker had discovered at the beginning of the summer that he’d recieved a photography internship at one of America’s most successful business magazines and well, to say he had been blown away would have been an understament. Aunt May struggled to get him to calm down for a much longer time than is probably acceptable.
Peter looks back over at the two lovebirds and observes the smile on both their faces. They don’t look smitten yet but they will soon be!
“Why would you be trying...? Wait-but what the?”
There were a lot of cute girls around the store. There’s a sweet looking blonde with a high pitched voice chatting on her phone, the beautiful dark-skinned women pushing her glasses up as she looked closer at her computer or the peppy tall brunette who was leaning against the counter chatting with the barista as she waited for her beverage. But Steve, the insufferable saint, hadn’t tried once to sneak a glance at any of them.
Steve squints at Peter. He seems about to dismiss the idea, very suspicious about Peter’s behaviour by now, but as he reaches for a muffin it is literally yanked out of his hand by Mr Stark.
“What’s causing such a dreamy look on your face?”
“I guess you can keep that one Rogers. Don’t say I’ve never done anything nice for you” Mr Stark says, the gleam still in his eye.
“Now scram minion. Make sure you get Rogers the sesame seed bagel, he probably won’t admit it but they are his favourite.” Tony finishes
“You know that company you have a lawsuit with right now have changed their name to Anti-Stark-Solutions...... Which means you can now shorten their name to ASS.......Oh and if they did a tie in with Hershey’s you could use candyass. Wow I’m seriously blabbing about ass right now. Ughh Why am I even -........You know this is like a nightmare I had once, only I’m not naked this time.”
“Exactly”
Peter twitches, knowing he may have gone too far. Why is he unable to keep to keep his big mouth shut? He resists putting his face in his hands as he waits for Steve to say something.
“What are you going to do? Shoot me?”
“That has to be the most civil conversation I’ve seen between you and the boss.” Peter observes. “You may learn how to communicate with him yet.”
“Not the golden boy anymore” Luke mumbles to Peter, looking quite pleased with himself.
“Did the kid pre-game without us?” Sam asks mockingly.
“Ha fuck you ha!” Mr Stark replies mildly, rubbing his hands on his jeans. He opens his mouth to prod back at the blonde again but is cut off.
On Wednesday, when Peter tries to rig up the elevator to trap Steve and Pepper in together for the morning, he realises there is such a thing as too desperate.
“Clint, lets be honest. Preschoolers could have come up with something better” Peter quips
“As time went on our feelings change and change some more as we both let go of our prejudices. But when we got together we didn’t tell anyone, well except Rhodey – Tony is incapable of keeping a secret from Rhodes. Once we had been dating for a while we decided we probably didn’t need to keep it a secret any longer but shockingly found that no one seemed to be able to tell the difference between us as frenemies and us in a relationship. Then it stupidly became a little bit of a game. How far we could get away with our behaviour before someone called us out on it?”
“I was running late so Happy offered to take me in” Steve says, distracted by another text message pinging.
“We’ve gotten a lot done but today we hit a snag, Steve. Taking a break might help give us some perspective later.” Jess puts a hand on his shoulder to assure him.
Peter’s gaze drifts a little to catch Steve struggling to keep a straight face at the bosses behaviour. Whether the blonde is trying not to crack a smile or whether he may be about to blow a fuse Peter can’t really tell however.
What he didn’t know was how long FRIDAY had been calling Tony’s name before she finally said his instead.
“I told you,” Steve said.  “I’m lonely.  And horny.  And it doesn’t help that you come in here looking like you do, and talking like you do.  I already jerked off once today.  I’m going to have to go three more times after you leave just to feel normal again.”
“Sure.”
Tony laughed again. He was sick to his stomach. Disgusted with Howard, disgusted with himself, disgusted with the whole situation. He hated that Howard still affected him. And the funny thing was, he hadn’t even really
Tony got to the deli at twelve-thirty.  He didn’t want to take any chances on missing him.  Strange had texted back a terse, “Fine.” an hour after Tony called, so he knew he’d gotten the message.  Now, he just had to wait for him.  And as a great man once said, The waiting is the hardest part.
And then there’d been Steve.  He’d come into Tony’s life like a cannonball, all solid and stubborn and passionate.  He’d been very little like the man Howard had spoken of when he was feeling nostalgic.  Of course, that man was
Dodger. They were just friends.
Steve held her solidly against him.  He pet her long red hair, then settled his palm against the back of her head, cradling it with great care.  “I should only be so lucky,” he murmured, and she nodded against his chest.
“Didn’t you ever get lonely?”
They stood out on the deck, all three looking down the green slope of the lawn to the sandy shore below.  Steve and Bruce were down there, wandering near the edge where the grass meets the sand.  They were far enough away that they could not make out what they were saying, but Steve’s posture was easy and relaxed, and when Bruce spoke, Steve laughed, shaking his head.
Tony nodded. “We talk to them enough. Don’t you think?”
“Wh-what
“So…”
Tony nodded. He didn’t trust himself to speak.
Tony let out a breath and tried again. “You can’t go outside looking like that, Steven Grant Rogers,” he said. “I’m sorry. It’s not a good idea. You’ll get yourself arrested.”
“Yeah, you did.”
He didn’t giggle, but he could feel one there inside his stomach. A happy little sound like one a kid would make. And he didn’t even care. He was glad. Glad that the thought of Steve still made him feel like a kid.
Steve nodded.  “And you leave James Buchanan Barnes alone.  Just forget he exists.”
, but Tony had to at least tell him. Had to let him know. He had to, just in case. Just in case there was even the slightest chance…
He let his eyes flick to the cup sitting by Steve’s hand. “That for me?” he asked, and Steve nodded.
“I know,” Sam said. “You’ve been on Team Steve for as long as I have. Longer. But I’m glad you
“I-” He cleared his throat again. Fixed his tie. “I don’t believe I’ve ever had it,” he said.
“Let’s do something,” Tony said. “Whatever you want. I can take you out. Best restaurant in town. The movies. Dancing. Fly to Tahoe. Anything you want, baby. You tell me, and I’ll make it happen.”
“Steve, I was all over you that night.”
As close as Tony and Steve were now, it was easy to forget that for two years, they had not seen or spoken to each other.  For two years, whatever feelings he’d had toward Steve had been not only hard, but hateful.  Tony had gone to sleep at night wishing he was there, not so he could hold him, but so he could punch him in his perfect teeth.  Some mornings, he’d woken up, that goddamn flip-phone already in his hand, so ready to call him just to tell him how much he hated him, how much Steve had hurt him, how often he wished Steve would make the world a better place, and just fucking
“Yeah,” he answered. “He’s okay. Just wanted a shower.”
, meaning
He let his tongue touch Tony’s, a slow, smooth slide, then pulled away. Not too far. Just enough to break the kiss. “Just treat me like normal, okay?” he asked. “Don’t kid-glove me. I’m fine.”
It was quick. Super-soldier quick. A matter of half a second, extricating himself from where he’d sat comfortably pressed against Tony’s side for the last hour.
"Baby? Are you okay?"
It was him.
He wasn’t an Avenger.  He couldn’t bring himself to go that far.  Without Captain America by his side, Iron Man could never be as good as he needed to be.  Tony could admit that freely.  It had nothing to do with the personal, feelings-y side of it.  It was all about the strength, strategy, effectiveness-y side.  Iron Man just wasn’t as good without Captain America.  Straight talk only here, right?
Tony put his phone back into his pocket, making sure the text was saved in his drafts.  “Fine,” he pouted.  “I’ll tell him later, spoilsport.”
And it must have flipped the right combination of switches, because suddenly he was very aware that he was just standing here staring at a very naked Steve Rogers. He did an abrupt about-face, turning his back with near military precision. “Fuck,” he said. “Steve. I’m sorry. I wasn’t staring. I wasn’t. I promise.” He heard the sound of water sloshing as Steve moved toward the edge of the pool, then the louder sound of him boosting himself up onto the tile. “I...um, at least, I didn’t
Steve ran his hands up Tony’s sides and gave him a heated look.  “Will you do that thing I like?” he whispered.
“Yes, boss.”
“I’ll come back tomorrow night.  I’ll have something figured out by then.”
Steve leaned against the railing, and folded his arms.  He looked tired, defeated as he bowed his head.  “What, then?” he said softly.  “What do you want from me, Tony?”
“Yes, it is.  Name one person who talks better than you.”
“Why are you here if you hate him so much?” she asked.
“Hello?” Tony said, and his voice was the same, amused, smooth like honey, silk in Steve’s ear. “Hello, hello, hello?” And then his laugh. Rich and sweet. “Okay. Doesn’t want to talk to me.”
“Let’s go,” Strange said, and created a portal.  Steve looked into it at the quiet dark of the Tower common room.  The moon shone through the windows, casting its pale light onto the sofas.  A lone blanket--an afghan Bruce had crocheted and given to Tony for Christmas--lay over the back of one.
Steve let his head fall to the side in amused exasperation.  His eyes were still closed, but he smiled.  “Okay.  Say it.”
had called
Tony answered on the first ring. “It’s midnight, young man,” he said sternly. “Past your curfew.”
Natasha watched Sam run down the hill.  He’d find Tony.  She knew it.  Sam would take care of it because Steve needed him to, and time was short.
Tony laughed and pressed his head into Steve’s shoulder. “I so love that your mind went exactly there.”
,” he finished, shuddering dramatically.
Silence.  No one spoke.  No one moved.  They just watched helplessly as he struggled, trying so hard to remember the name of the man who had been with him in either body, mind, spirit, or all three for over a century.  Trying to remember the name of his best friend.
He looked up suddenly, his eyes boring into Tony’s like diamond chips.  “What would you have done?” he asked.  “If Rhodey had--”
Steve could feel the blush climbing up his neck--sometimes he hated that pale Irish skin--and laughed weakly.  “I’d probably have a better shot with her.”
Tony nodded, but his eyes narrowed. Like he didn’t believe him. "That's good."
Steve nodded. “Oh. Right.”
“No. Well, maybe, but it’s okay. I needed to get up anyway.”
Steve looked down at his hands. They were long-fingered. Finely-made. Strong. He’d been looking at them his entire life. Watched them grow and change over the years, just like the rest of his body. He’d seen them holding pencils, pens, paintbrushes. Seen them folding laundry, and washing dishes. Seen them held inside his mother’s hands. Seen them caress the silken skin of Tony’s stomach. Funny, he’d never thought about them holding a gun before. Never thought of them as a
Tony couldn’t help the laughter that bubbled up out of him.  He was so close, so close to the edge, holding onto his control by his fingertips so Steve could come first, and Steve was asking if it was enough.  “I could have come ten times, Steve,” he laughed, arching his back, meeting Steve thrust for thrust.
, Nat!  I wanted to hear this.”
He slept most of the way around the clock.  His head felt huge when he sat up.  Huge and stuffed with wasps that buzzed and stung at will.  He moaned.  A drink would quiet them.  It usually did.
“Nat?” he said into his phone.  “Yeah.  No, he’s okay, but...Yes.  Yes, I know, listen...I’m going to tell him.  No...No, but I’m doing it...Okay.”  He glanced at Tonny.  “She’s on her way over.  FRIDAY, will you bring her to the lab when she gets here?”
He nodded against her. “Okay,” he said. “Okay. Thank you.”
so very well.  “And for making him happy.”
“No.”
“You are one kinky bastard, Rogers.”
“Promise?”
"Oh my god.  Steve."
Some of that charged, breathless feeling was dissipating.  Steve was glad to see it go.  This was better.  This banter and back-and-forth.  It was easier.  It was safer.
"You wanna maybe take over here?" he asked, raising an eyebrow.
lot.” She was quiet, and he let her be quiet, let her think. Gave her time to ask questions if she wanted to. Finally, he said, “Is that okay with you? If I like Steve a lot?”
Steve looked up at last. Looked up and met those gorgeous eyes that he had dreamed about for too many years. But maybe that was better. Maybe that was the way it was meant to be. Maybe someone like him was only meant to have someone like Tony in dreams. “I’ll always be yours, Tony,” he whispered in a voice husked with emotion.
When he got home, he climbed the stairs, putting one foot in front of the other until he was at the top. He opened the door and went in. Sarah wasn’t home again. Another night at the hospital. Another night alone. If Tony had been in town, he could have come over. If Tony had been in town, Howard would not have come to the store today. Would not have spoken to him. Would not have said those things. Would not have pointed out the fact of his
a very good idea.”
“Right.”
“No one wants to be reminded of that, Tony.  It was a dark time.  For all of us.”  He steepled his fingers.  “For Steve and yourself, most of all.  I’m not trying to be cruel.  I just want you to understand why it was wrong then and maybe less wrong now.”
“It’s okay.”
“Fuck the Compound.  You don’t want to go there, I don’t want to take you there.”
And then he was gone.
Steve slid out of Tony's hand and flopped down onto his pillow.  He was still hard, but the situation certainly wasn't as urgent as it had been a minute ago.  "So what?" he snapped. He wasn't sure why he was as irritated as he was right now.
The other end of the line grew very still. Steve waited, biting his lip, caressing his chest, his stomach. He brushed over his nipple and drew in a quiet breath at the little shiver that went through his body.
She nodded. “Yes.”
Tony shrugged.  Steve could have sworn a blush of his own stained Tony’s cheeks.  “You live here too, don’t you?”
the hardest part,
Behind him, Bruce’s voice: “Serving his time.”
--and then Tony was in his arms, his mouth on Steve’s mouth, his hands in Steve’s hair, kissing with a passion they had never before matched.
He glanced at his watch, saw it was only 3:03, and tried to relax. They’d be here. They’d be here when they got here, and not a minute before. His mom said that. He kind of wished she was here too. And yeah, he knew that was weird, wishing his mother was here on this pseudo-date, but it would be nice. Nice to have the company. If Tony didn’t show.
Steve laughed. “That’s not what I meant.”
Sarah kissed his cheek loudly, then nodded toward the dining room. “Go on. Take him his coffee. I’ll make breakfast.”
Tony nodded slowly.  “And what am I supposed to do?”
Tony pulled into an available space, and turned the car off. Steve turned his head, not moving it from the head-rest. He smiled at him. Soft. Sweet. Everything. Tony smiled back. “Let’s get you inside,” he said, and Steve just nodded.
But maybe it was a start.
Tony melted at the sight of it.  “God, you were really going to do it, weren’t you?  I half-thought you were just saying it to placate me.”
Tony held out his hand. “It’s just right, baby. Come here.”
“Good.  You don’t have any reason to be.”  He reached back and touched Tony’s hand.  “It’s only you.  It’s only
The heat was on inside the jet, and after the frigid air outside, it was as warm and soft as a cozy blanket by the fire.  Steve stopped in the doorway, letting the warmth envelope him.  Tony heard him sigh.  Saw the tension ease out of his back.  He let his bag fall from his shoulder.  It thumped to the ground, heedlessly.
“Yup.”
“Trying to kill you.  They said I almost did.  I’m sorry.”
Steve adjusted FRIDAY’s daisies and smiled a little.  He kind of thought she would.
“A year is a long time.”
no. He did not do it for them.
Tony held him for a while, then pulled away a little.  “Don’t get me wrong, baby, I’m loving this right now, but did you really ask me to stay just to cuddle?”
Steve shrugged a little.
A little hokey? Absolutely.
Tony found himself thinking about Pepper more and more.  Their relationship had not always been easy, but it had been safe.  A literal and figurative safety net for him whenever he stumbled.  He thought back to that first night here with Steve, wondering how he hadn’t fallen without Steve to hold him up, and the answer was Pepper.  He hadn’t been afraid to fall back then, because she was there to pick him up.  Always.  Every time.  He hadn’t needed Steve to lean on because Pepper caught him before he hit the ground.
Tony found himself nodding before Sam had even finished speaking. The thought of something happening to Steve--of Steve getting hurt...or worse--was too much for him. He would have agreed to anything. “Okay,” he said. “I’ll try.”
“Hey, you,” Tony said, coming out the back door.
want anybody el-”
“On one condition.”
“Then why are you here?”
“Observe,” he said.
Steve shrugged, gazing at him with a coy smile. “I kind of thought you were.”
like Steve. And Dodger,” he threw in before Morgan could ask again. “I kinda like you too,” he said, and kissed her again.
Faint worry threaded its way through his heat, but Tony let it go.  He squeezed Steve tight, then stood up.  “I’ll make you something since I forgot the pizza.”
“Is there something else on your mind?” Tony asked.
It was okay. He understood. Just because they had done this every Sunday for two months didn’t mean they were going to do it forever. He
time,” Tony insisted.
“I mean, I could strip down to ass-crack cut-off jeans and a wet t-shirt if you wanted to do a car wash or something like they do in the movies,” Tony offered, and both Ray and Jeff cackled.  “
“You’re
“I spent a semester at Cambridge.”
Steve shifted a little. He was sitting close--maddeningly close--and when he moved, his bicep brushed against Tony’s shoulder. And of course, he was wearing only a t-shirt. And of course, his t-shirt was just tight enough to cling lovingly to his chest and arms. And of course, when he brushed against Tony, he was reminded all too well of how large and firm those arms were. And of course, when he spoke, his voice carried that hint of humor that Tony noticed was there a lot more lately. But not
“But what does he want in return?”
Like an arrow through the heart.  Why was Cupid always shown with a bow and arrow?  It wasn’t cute or sweet when an arrow pierced that most vital organ.  It hurt like a motherfucker.
Tony took a deep breath, pressed against the wall outside the bedroom.  He’d lain in there with Steve just this afternoon.  Holding him, kissing him, talking, laughing, professing his love--again.
Tony kissed his mouth, thrilling at the feeling of so much Steve Rogers around him, with him, right in front of him, touching him with his large, steady hands, licking into his mouth with his soft, imaginative tongue.
Steve nodded. “Yeah,” he agreed. “Glacial.”
“-And pretty soon, you’d start thinking about them when you were with me. You’d start thinking about what you’d be doing back at school if you didn’t have to come home and hang out with me for the weekend, going to movies, and sitting in the park, and all that other stupid, basic shit that you could do with anybody. You’d think of something you could say to them that you can’t say to me. You’d think-"
Steve nodded.  “Yeah.  Yeah, Tony.  Please.”
“I don’t know,” he repeated, but the tone was faint, unconvincing.
Steve gasped, then exhaled a laugh.  He was blushing again, his cheeks a pale pink.  “My god, Tony, the mouth on you.”
“You don’t think so?” Steve said in a low voice.
“Where’d all this come from?” Steve said in his ear, and Tony shook his head and clung to Steve’s shoulders.
“You think so?” he asked, and took a drink of his own coffee.
Steve took another sip of his drink. It was almost gone. He’d ordered a double, but even a double only lasted so long. Then what was he supposed to do with his hands? His brain didn’t seem to care about that though. That was the body’s problem, not the brain’s. The brain just went on being cool and confident. Just kept on making his mouth say words. “I’m not sure if I’m supposed to apologize or not.”
“Wanted to look cool in front of your new friends?”
Bruce cleared his throat and took his glasses off to clean them with the tail of his shirt. He was like Steve another way, too--his cheeks turned a very intriguing shade of pink when he blushed. “I’ll be outside.”
“I thought you needed him.”
“Three.  Maybe four.”
“What is this place?” Steve asked, beside him.
He held her against him. “How’d it go, kiddo?"
you’d say.”
She shrugged. “Okay.”
“I meant dinner, smartass,” Tony said.  “But I can think of lots of uses for those thumbs, too.”
“I told you, I won’t talk about his treatment.”
Steve cast his mind back, trying to remember what he could have said or done that would leave Tony with the impression that he would not call. That he didn’t want to see him. “‘Cause I didn’t promise?” he asked anxiously. “Is that why?” He shook his head. “I’m sorry. I just-I have...trouble with that. You know I do. But that’s no excuse. It’s not. I’m sorry. I really will get better.”
Tony raised his free hand to Steve’s cheek. He rested his palm against it, ran his thumb across his cheekbone. Steve’s eyes fell closed, and beneath the hand still resting on his chest, Tony felt his heart speed up even more. “Okay,” Tony said. “We don’t have to, baby. We don’t have to talk about anything you don’t want to talk about.”
“Uh-oh.”
“Steve.  Don’t.”
He even thanked god for the divorce-threats.
Steve smiled, the tension already slipping out of his body just at the sight of the words on the screen. Warmth already prickling through his muscles. Banishing the cold.
Morgan seemed to think that was good enough. She didn’t seem to worry that he didn’t have those words. That he couldn’t make a promise, no matter how much he might want to. She didn’t know that the fear was still there. The fear that once he made a promise, he might someday have to break it, and he couldn’t do that. Especially not to a Stark.
They sat in silence for a bit, the pizza hot and good--not New York good, Steve thought, but good.  Some of that sexual charge had leached away, leaving a mix of sensuality and contentment in its wake.
Tony ran his hands over Steve’s chest down to his waist, then pulled him closer. Steve let out a breath, taking the chance to nuzzle into the crook of Tony’s neck while he rubbed up and down his back with long, firm strokes.
"No," Tony said, then considered.  "It might be about feminism, though."
“I love you too, baby.”
Helmut Zemo.
“What?”
He didn’t bother changing Nat, Clint, or Bruce’s status.  They could get in anyway.  It would have just made a lot of extra work for everyone.  He didn’t change Rhodey’s either.  He had a code for FRIDAY that could lock even Tony out.  There was literally no point.  Thor had never had an access code in the first place.  He came and went how and when he wanted.  Tony secretly thought FRIDAY was a little afraid of him and just overrode everything when she saw him coming.
He thought about the times he and Tony had been together. There had been quite a few of them, considering they were keeping it a secret. Quite a few afternoons spent tucked away in his bedroom on the fourth floor. They’d start out kissing, like most couples, then progress from there. Tony had liked it when Steve undressed him. Steve had liked that too. Slowly peeling Tony’s clothes away, kissing whatever skin he’d uncovered, licking his stomach, biting his nipples, sucking on his throat. He had never
from Clint, but this one might have been an accident.”  He tapped the screen.  “Oh,
“How’s it going, kiddo?”
Steve frowned again. That look of concentration was back, but now it was directed at Tony. It hurt his eyes looking at it. Like looking into an eclipse. “Does that mean you like it, or you hate it?” Steve asked.
“Nick.”
“Steve, come on.”
“I’m pretty sure it was seventy.”
“I do love to be stroked,” he said, and she smiled.  He knew she would.
“You should be spoiled
--stripping it off. “I just don’t think you have any fucking
Tony pulled Steve’s arm toward him, and pressed his face into the solid muscle of his shoulder.  “Yeah, what’s up with that?” he asked, the remnants of sleep softening his words.  Steve kept his face turned away, staring down at the lake.  The moon was new and there were no lights save the one at the end of their dock so far away from here, so Tony couldn’t read his eyes.  He could, however, read his posture.  The droop of his shoulders, the slight hanging of his head.  This was Steve defeated.  This was Steve hurting.  Alone.  Tony held his arm tighter, pressing his mouth onto Steve’s hard shoulder.  But he kept speaking.  Because he had to.  He needed to.  Steve needed him to.  “You’re scaring me,” he said.  “You’re scaring Sam.  You’re scaring Wanda.”  He laughed, but it was without much humor.  “I think the only person you’re
Steve shrugged, but he kept worrying the nail between his teeth.
Still nothing.
Steve took a step backward in the water, trying to keep the same distance between them. “I’ve been busy,” he said.
“And her prognosis?”
“We’re all older now.”
Tony listened to the door open and close, then took the box out of his pocket. It was silver, engraved with a scrolled TS and SR on the lid. He had made the box in the shop, working on it while Steve was at work. He’d finished it two days ago, and tucked the ring into it this morning. Nat had helped him pick out the ring. It was made from silver, mother of pearl, and the wood from a redwood tree. It wasn’t expensive, but it was
“I know it’s a little-”
Steve looked at his phone.
Tony laid his head against the back of the car seat as Steve’s voice filled his ear.
“How many times did he come?”
Her hand was a gentle weight on his back, her voice a soft whisper. “Steve?”
A surge of gratitude swept over him, and he felt himself sag with relief and...something else. Love? No. That was too weird. Too weird to think of love in connection with Howard Stark, the man he had hated and feared the most over the course of his lifetime. Especially when the bulk of his brain was concentrating on another man. The one he had loved and cherished the most.
--had stepped on a pressure plate buried in a bit of sand and snow and triggered it. He could see where the lower half of his body had been practically vaporized. He could also see that he was not moving. That he would never move again. At least not on his own.
“Yes, you do,” Steve said. “People do it all the time. Me and him are together. We’ve been together for almost a year.” He clenched his hands together, trying to keep his whirling mind from spinning completely out of control. He’d thought about this. For the past week, he’d thought of nothing but this. Ever since he and Pietro had fought about it.
“It’s relaxing,” Steve said.  His voice was soft, mellow, like molasses.  He looked at the cigarette again, took another long drag, and breathed out a plume of smoke.  “I don’t know if it’s the nicotine, or the repetitive motions.  Or maybe it’s just the deep breathing.”  He shrugged, just a slow lift of his shoulders, then chuckled a little in the darkness.  “It’s kind of like yoga.”
He erased that fast. It sounded fake.
“I shouldn’t have asked you to quit. I’m sorry.”
Steve lifted his head and gazed up at Tony’s face, eyes filled with a yearning adoration. Tony bent to kiss his mouth. It was just a brush of his lips, and while Steve wanted with all of his entire being to yank Tony into him and deepen it until they were both panting, he didn’t. Couldn’t. Because Tony wanted him like this. Soft. Serene. Still. He could do that. He could do whatever Tony desired.
Had his voice always held that note of condescension? Steve wondered. Surely not. He would have heard it before now, wouldn’t he?
Tony closed his eyes.  “Come on, FRI.  Please, sweetie, work with me.”
playboy, thank you very much.
kind of at me all the time.”
“He already has my attention, FRI,” Tony said against Steve’s throat.  “It’s you I’m ignoring.”
“What’s going on here, fellas?” Tony asked lightly.
“What the fuck is a pangolin?”
“I know what people say. What they think,” Tony said, then shook his head again. “But, none of it’s true. I mean, I’ve had a lot of
“Hi.”
The lights were off again, but he could still see Steve in the water. He was glorious in the water. Graceful. Elegant. Tony stood in the shadows for a moment just watching him. He didn’t feel any sense of anger this time, though, thank god, just awe. Just longing, and when he couldn’t stand it anymore--couldn’t stand to not be near him anymore--he stepped toward the pool.
“Oh, Tony,” Steve muttered, and pressed his forehead into Tony’s chest, chuckling under his breath.
. About his own mini break-down, so he erred on the side of caution. "Better," he added, and left it at that.
“Fuck you. Willie was one of the best outfielders to ever play the game, for Christ’s sake! He was an All Star twenty times, and he won the Golden Glove twelve consecutive-”
“Mm-hm.  All their top officials are freaking out.  I guess I don’t blame them.”
“Carol.”
know,” he said. “It’s going to be fine.”
“Hmm?”
Tony just stared at him.  He hadn’t even known there was a burger place across the lake.
“We’ll see.”
It seemed like he was waiting for some kind of response, but Tony wasn’t sure what it was.
"Hey," Tony said emphatically.  He shook him a little, and Steve stopped talking and just looked up at him, the question still there, still between them.
“It’s not that simple,” Tony said, and to his surprise, Steve laughed.
nothing else for a Stark, Steven. This is what I was born into. It’s what Tony was born into.” He cocked an eye at Steve. “And he needs a partner who can help him with that.”
He was sitting on the floor outside Tony’s door, curled up tightly into himself.
“Baby,” Tony murmured. “Come on. Let’s go inside.”
“Stop.”
Steve laughed, and started toward the dock. Tony matched him step-for-step, and when they reached the edge, they stood looking out at the water. There were a few houses on the other side, Steve saw. What might have been a market, judging from the cars parked around in front of it. He smiled, then looked down at the water. It was clear. He could see to the bottom, the little rocks and plants that were down there.
He called Jeff from his bowling team and asked him to keep an eye on the house.  “I got called away suddenly.  I’m sorry to leave you guys in the lurch, but it’s really unavoidable.”
Next chapter up in a week or so.
Natasha came to his room sometimes, but more often they met in the training room.  They didn’t talk about much while they sparred, but she was even more quiet today.  She seemed anxious.  She was more aggressive, but sloppy in her technique.  Steve took her down twice.
“Baby?”
Steve kissed his shoulder. “You’re quiet,” he said. “You’re never quiet when you’re good.”
Steve stood rigid, swallowed, turned his eyes upward. “That’s not me, Tony,” he said. “It’ll never be me. You and Mom. That...That’s what’s important.”
He pulled her against his chest, feeling almost absurdly touched by her words.  “I love you, too, Nat.”
. They were soldiers, for Christ’s sake.
“The one you’ve been staring at for ten minutes.”
It didn’t take long to get home, and it took even less time for him to get into the elevator and push the button for the top floor. He thought about stopping in his room and changing, but then thought again. It was his pool. If he wanted to go for a little midnight swim in naught but his skin, that was his business.
Tony shrugged.  “I’ve gotten a lot more self-reliant,” he said.  “Are you proud?”
“Where else did I have to go?”  Clint asked, and Steve nodded in perfect understanding.
Christmas...and would you like a little more salt for that wound?
Steve bit his lip.  He felt like crying again.  He'd thought he'd worked through all his feelings of being in The Raft a long time ago, but having Clint talk about it made him realize there were still things he couldn't get over.  And knowing he'd been thought about while he was gone made his heart simultaneously heavier and lighter. It was a strange feeling, but he welcomed it. Welcomed that heaviness. That lightness.  Because it meant love. It all meant love.
“You’re not going to.  You literally
She looked like she was about to say something else, but she didn’t. She just held him tighter and put her head against his chest, moving with him to the music. Steve was glad about that too. He didn’t really want to think about whatever else she might have said.
“Were you going to say something?”
“Depends on how you look at it.”
“I think it’s perfect.”
“Give him more thorazine.  Strange has some special ones coming.  They should be here within the hour.”
Tony shook his head again. “I’m not sure
Steve bent over her bed and pressed his lips to her soft cheek. “See you soon,” he said.
Tony adjusted the cloth on her head. “You sure you’re okay? You’re looking a little peaked,” he said, and he heard Jarvis in his voice. That made him smile.
“Is that okay?” he asked, his tone teasing, the question serious.
“That’d be okay?”
“I’m not going to do it
“What are you doing out here anyway?” Steve asked. “Shouldn’t you be in there with Josh? Dancing...or whatever it was you were doing?”
“Too late.”
“No.  I’m serious.  All of it.  Please.”
He jerked his arm out of Tony’s grip.  “Does your arrogance know no bounds?  What you’re suggesting is so far beyond unethical it’s almost criminal.”
Steve lifted his head and smiled his half-smile.  “Fuck you, Stark,” he said.
Steve leaned into him, pressing his cheek more fully into his palm. He looked up through his lashes. “It wasn’t all bad,” he said. “Over there. There was good stuff too. Good people. Some of the best people I ever met were over there.”
“No.  They’re gone.”
Strange raised an eyebrow and cocked his head slightly.  With his steepled fingers…
“If you know the initial point and the end point of a vector, you can use the Distance Formula to figure out its magnitude,” Tony said, then nudged Steve in the side, jolting him out of the mellow, happy place he had been existing in. “Right,
to keep him. For as long as Tony wanted him--until Tony saw fit to dismiss him--he would be here, and cherish every single second Tony allowed him to have. And when Tony
,” Steve said bitterly, gesturing to his own body.  “I was a mess.  Asthma, weak heart, brittle bones--I know you've read my file--I got picked on a lot.  Bucky, he always stood up for me.  Even when we got older and I did stupid stuff and got in fights…”  Hot tears began to prickle the backs of his eyes.  He wiped them and kept his head down.  He waited for Tony to say something, because of course, he would.  He hated Bucky and Steve understood that, but he needed to explain.  He needed Tony to see his side, not the whole picture maybe, but at least a piece of it.
Steve dipped his head, meaning to kiss him. He’d been wanting to kiss him all day. Every time he saw him, every time he thought about him, all through dinner, he had felt the low thrum of his want--his
“Do you really think it’s a good idea for you to go charging after him after the way you two left things?” She caressed the base of his throat with her thumb while keeping the rest of her hand firmly in place.  “Come on, Steve.”
“Yeah, peanut?” he said, glancing down at her, then back up at Steve, frowning.
Clint’s reply came back, at once.  “My bad.”
They passed through the different exhibits, stopping longest in a clear underwater tunnel where sea turtles, clownfish, and sharks sailed through the water all around them. Morgan stood with her face planted against the glass while Steve and Tony sat on a bench in the middle of the tunnel.
“Okay,” Steve agreed. “Okay.”
There was no real surprise.  An initial jolt at seeing someone--anyone--here in this once-public space that had, more recently, become much more private, but that was all.  He didn’t have drop-in visitors.  He invited people sometimes, but no one except Thor came here unannounced.  But there he was, his body outlined in wintry blue, the light turning his already pale skin unearthly white.  He had gained a little weight since Tony had seen him in the hospital, but he was still thin.  This afternoon, he’d been wearing a leather coat, but he’d tossed it onto the back of the couch, and standing there in just his sweater, he was definitely thinner than when he had shared his life with Tony.
“Colonel Rhodes,” FRIDAY said.  “Thank you for coming.”
okay, is it?”
He gave her a half-smile and she moved closer.  “Tell me what happened.”
looking. Tony huffed a little, and pulled Josh even closer. He stared at Steve. He couldn’t help it. He’d never been able to help it when it came to Steve.
Tony’s chest constricted again. As if the words Steve spoke carried their own weight, and each one was settled on his heart. But he could take it. He could take it. He’d been made to take it. He was convinced of that. Whatever Steve said, whatever burden, whatever...
“Anytime.”
existed. He was just a prop in a stage-play. No, what existed, what mattered, were those eyes. That curve of his lips.
“It’s over,” Steve said mildly.
“From Sam.  Two from Wanda.
Steve groaned, sinking into him. “You’re gonna spoil me tonight.”
“I do.”
“What? I can’t look good for the bagel-guy?”
“And you didn’t let me in on it?”
“I can’t believe that piece of shit Ross, calling them back.  They were supposed to be on leave until the tenth.”
“I don’t know, Sam,” he said.  “But, you’re right.  He’s been weird.  I’ve been trying to talk to him, but you know how he can be sometimes.  If I push too hard, he’ll shut down.”  Tony spun a pen on top of his desk, his fingers searching for something to do to keep themselves occupied.  “I don’t want him to shut down.  That’s never a good thing.”
here.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Steve--Sergeant Rogers. He was Sergeant Rogers now--saw a few of his men standing up, saw Gabe being supported by Manelli and Rebel Ralston. They looked shaken and dirty, and Gabe was holding his leg at a strange angle, but they looked okay. He didn’t see Bucky, though. Or Jonathan Juniper. Where the fuck were they? Bucky, his best friend here, and Juniper who was just a kid...not that any of them were really more than kids.
“I loved it,” she said simply, and his heart burst with love for her. And for Tony. For the fact that they loved each other so much. The fact that they had a bond that had nothing to do with him. Something they had forged themselves, and never let break even after all the years he and Tony had spent apart. If he hadn’t already been the happiest guy in the world, that would have clinched it for him.
His doze was starting to deepen, to become true sleep, when Tony’s voice came out of the quiet.
“I really want you to come with.”
“Don’t miss us.  Just come on home soon as you can.”
Before he could act on his impulse, though, Steve pulled back. He stayed close, stayed close enough so Tony could still feel the heat of his skin, and whispered, “Thank you for that.”
“I fucked up,” Steve said. “I fucked up so bad.”
before Steve even knew what that meant. It felt wrong to have those tables flipped.
Steve readjusted Morgan’s grip on his hand--she didn’t let go, but allowed him to twist his wrist just enough to hold it comfortably--and led them inside.
He didn’t let go as they went to pet the stingrays. Neither of them let go.
Tony nodded.  “‘Course, I did.  You think I’d miss this?”
“Rhodey,” she said.  “Bruce.  He had a woman with him, too.  An alien...or maybe a robot, I’m not one hundred percent sure, but Rocket knew her.  He said she was Gamora’s sister.”  She shrugged.  “I can’t keep all these names straight.”
, Rogers.  Have it your way.”  He typed in a few more keystrokes, then looked at Steve one last time.  “You’re sure?”
“Yup.  It’s all you, Cap.”
Six months at a glance: Tony
Tony shrugged, trying not to let Howard see how unsettled he was. “Nowhere. Out.”
“Yeah.”
“Hey, you.”
.  That weight was worth that five million dollars times a thousand.
Tony closed his eyes in brief, brilliant, blazing relief. “Right.” He squeezed Steve’s arm one more time, then instead of simply letting go, he trailed his hand down the length of his arm, past his elbow, the tantalizing curve of his inner arm, then down to his fingers. He clasped them briefly, then let his hand fall away. “Come on,” he said.
“I didn’t think anyone else would come up here this time of night,” Steve said stiffly, and now he wasn’t even
"I'm not being stupid," he said. "I have quite literally,
“Promise?”
Clint cocked an eyebrow at Tony.  He was smiling and seemed to be enjoying himself immensely.
Ross took his hand, patted it in a consoling way.  Tony’s own fingers tightened around it involuntarily, clamping down as the pain pulsed through his muscles.  Ross looked at him, his eyes cruel and cold, as they considered the dying man before him.  “But maybe this is better,” he said.  “If he’s as in love as you seem to think, maybe this is perfect.”  He chuckled.  The sound was huge, grating in Tony’s pounding ears.  “Or maybe not.  You weren’t his first choice, were you, Stark?  Not if what Mr. Zemo told me was true.  It’s actually
He took his jacket off and threw it over the back of the couch. He should paint for a while. He was almost done, and he should just power through and finish. But right now, he just couldn’t do it. Right now, all he wanted was to see Tony. Right now, that seemed like the most vital thing in the entire world.
“Or something,” Tony mused, then lifted Steve’s head again. He kissed him, just a tease of his lips. “I think I’m ready for that part now.”
He fidgeted with his napkin, drank his punch. It was just punch, nothing harder, but he could wait. He didn’t think about his drinking much. He didn’t
“Bullshit,” Tony said. “You know that’s not true, Rogers.”
see one dog off the leash. It was kind of a reddish-brown and white, not too big, but filled with an exuberant energy. It was romping around, snarfing through the underbrush, and looking like it was having as good a time as Morgan was. Tony watched it, tensing up just a bit when it saw Morgan and started bounding toward her. She saw it and a large, sunny grin broke out on her face.
It rang once--just once--and then a voice said, “Hello?” and his heart stopped. Because it wasn’t Tony. Not even close. It was a woman. “Hello?” she repeated.
“Oh, yeah, that’d be real great,” Steve said, folding his arms. “I could just stay home. Work on my
“Steve?”
, as long as the
They stepped out into the hall and went down the stairs. At Steve’s door, Tony hitched Morgan up a little, then looked up at Steve. “You’re not going to send me and this angel-child out into the cold, dark night alone, are you?”
Pepper wasn’t as obvious, but as Tony spoke to the knot of people surrounding them, her lips quirked into the same expression Steve had felt on his own face--half fond, half exasperated, and pulled Tony closer to her side. When he continued to speak, gesturing expansively and spilling his drink, she finally covered his mouth with her hand. Tony gazed at her, adoring and chastised, removed her hand and kissed the palm.
word, you remember.”
“Is it too much?” Tony asked apprehensively.
Steve shifted. He didn’t take his hand from Tony’s grasp, but he didn’t hold onto him either. He sighed. “Did they tell you what happened this morning?”
“Now say you love me.”
“It’s perfect,” Steve said. “It feels-” he stopped, shook his head.
Steve threaded his fingers through Tony’s, moving them restlessly against his palm. “I wish I’d been there when you called me,” he whispered.
“Oh, don’t mind daddy, Sir Purr.  He’s just grumpy because he hasn’t eaten yet,” Tony said, petting the cat’s sinewy back.
“Stark Industries is a multi-billion-dollar company, Steven. We employ thousands of people. Our affiliates employ tens of thousands more. So, either directly, or indirectly, we--
“No. You don’t have to go that far,” Steve said, and put something into Tony’s palm and closed his fingers over it. He knew what it was. He could feel the regular edge, the flat metal with the raised letters spelling out Steve Rogers’s vital information, the small round beads of the chain. “See?” Steve said, eyeing him. “I told you it was silly.”
She cocked an eyebrow, her arms folded over her chest.  “What did he say?”
Tony suggested flying them all to the Cayman Islands for a week, but Steve thought it would be better to stay close to home just in case, so that’s what they did. Clint raised an eyebrow in Tony’s direction when he conceded to Steve immediately, but Tony made it a point to not look his way. This was
?” he groaned, pawing a napkin out of the metallic holder sitting on the coffee stand’s little counter area.
“Are you hurt?”
“Even Howard?”
Good.
Nat put her hand flat on his chest, stopping him in his tracks.  It was all he could do to not lift her bodily and toss her aside.  He tensed.  She could feel it but kept her hand where it was.
Tony kissed him languidly. "Do you have somewhere else you need to be?"
Tony laughed helplessly, and turned his head until his lips found Steve’s smooth neck. “God, I love you,” he whispered. “You couldn’t take advantage of me, baby. You couldn’t if you tried.”
“It is,” Steve agreed. “They’re real nice.” He blushed a little, making Tony smile. “The ladies, though...they like to flirt.”
Steve ran his tongue along the soft skin of Tony’s stomach. He worked the button of his jeans with knowing, familiar fingers. Tony arched into his touch, his breath panting in and out of his lungs as Steve took him into his mouth.
“What type was it? If you don’t mind my asking.”
“Checking what?”
“Request for reassignment?”
Tony grinned, relieved in spite of himself.  “Fuck regrets, huh?” he said, and they sat smiling at each other while the birds sang, and the lake lapped at the sandy shore.  It was a good moment.  Quiet and good.
,” Steve explained with deadly patience.  “We were fighting over Debbie Reynolds.”
don’t have to wonder either. I just do it.”
“Hey,” Tony said, coming near.
one of the smartest people in the world.”
“Yeah?”
Steve flipped them over, moving with a strength and grace that Tony admired even in this heated moment. Tony got his knees under him, and ran his hands over Steve’s bare chest, caressing his abdominals, unable to believe how hard they still were, how perfectly they stood out under his skin. “Fuck, baby,” he whispered. “Look at you. How- I mean,
Steve ran his hands over Tony’s back, and slid one up under his shirt so he could touch the skin of his back. “I just want to be close to you, Tony,” he said. “That’s all I want. That’s all I’ve ever wanted.”
died.
Tony looked away from him, back down at his hands.
Would there be new marks? New and different callouses?
, if ever there had been one.
“Tony, you don’t have to--”
Wanda giggled, and Strange let out an exasperated groan.
“It’s kind of dainty,” he said, thinking of Steve’s wrist, and the hand below it. The forearm above it.
“So good.  So, so good.”
She smiled and walked away.  Tony watched.  He was not immune, even now, to the swish of a skirt, and hers swished pretty well.
Steve was in the kitchen when Tony got home. He was standing at the counter, holding a wooden spoon. The smell of red wine, and beef, and carmelized onions drifted through the room and wrapped Tony up like a warm hug. He hung his jacket up, groaning a little at how nice it was.
“No Gina tonight, huh?”
that's
Tony smiled at him and touched his forehead. “I meant yours. But yeah. It is.”
The corner of Tony’s mouth lifted slightly. “Thanks a lot. A back-handed compliment is better than none at all, I guess.”
“That’s kind of insulting.”
Gina shrugged prettily.  “It’s just a number, right?”
He picked up the prescription sheet Steve had tossed onto the table.
“Always with the wit, huh, Rogers?”
Steve’s mouth softened. He nodded. “Sure, Morgan,” he said, and squatted down to ruffle the dog’s fur. It’s tongue lolled out and it grinned at him in that way happy dogs had. Morgan knelt beside him and he immediately swiped her face with his tongue. “Dodger,” Steve admonished fondly, but Morgan just giggled and put all her energy into petting the dog with both hands. When Dodger licked her face again, she threw her arms around his neck and hugged him.
“I’m going to go change.  Think you can get a fire started, city boy?”
“The one who didn’t end up in a jail cell tonight.”
“Six months.”
“I know what I said this morning, Tony, but you should have just left me.”
Tony smoothed his hand along Steve’s brow.  There had been bruising there after Thanos, but it had faded now.  “Any more headaches?” he asked.
meant something to Tony. Meant everything to Tony.
“You ever burn down one of those buildings with your ‘kid stuff’?  Do I need to jack up the insurance on this place?”
“Did you hear what I said, Steve?” Thad snapped.
He didn’t really know. They’d tried watching it three times during movie night, but he’d never made it past the first thirty minutes. He’d heard there was a computer that went crazy, but he had never seen anything even resembling a computer. All he’d seen was some prehistoric guys running around doing whatever it was prehistoric guys did, and when he woke up however many hours later, the screen was dark and everyone else had gone to bed.
“No,” he said. “Not here. In the bedroom.”
, he thought.
Tony rubbed his eyes again.  “I do.  But there’s more room in the garage.  I’ll be able to pull it up larger and give you a better overall visual.”
Steve thought while Nat cried.
“Say it’s going to be alright.”
out of him.  Tony was fading.  He could feel it, the strength leaving his body.  Weakly, his hand scrabbled on the wooden floor and closed over something heavy.  He brought it around, using every ounce of muscle he had left, and brought the flashlight down against Steve’s temple.
“Was it the Stark Industries Howard Stark?”
Tony nodded again.
“Hey.  Steve, hey, come on, soldier.  Wake up.”
Around them were sounds of scuffle.  Voices shouting, running footsteps, but none of that mattered.  It was far away.  Unimportant.  Meaningless.  Right now, the only thing that meant anything was Steve’s arm holding him tightly against his body.  Steve’s tongue in his mouth.  Steve’s heart pounding against his own.  Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t know.”
Steve snapped immediately to attention, and clapped his hands together. “Okay, everybody," he said. “Dinnertime.”
He shook his head. “Nope. Not happening.”
“Does it taste the same?” he teased.
"I don't want you to be mad at me anymore," he said, and Steve looked up.
“Yes.”  Hunt reached over to his desk and picked up a framed photo.  He handed it to Steve.  It showed three young girls, all cute little brunettes, probably seven, nine, and twelve, if Steve guessed correctly.  “These are my daughters,” Hunt said.  “They were all taken from me during The Incident.”  Steve looked up quickly, catching Hunt’s damp eyes.  “You brought them back to me, Captain.”
“Not asleep,” he protested, but his breath was evening out, coming in longer, deeper pulls. “Not even tired.”
Steve kissed Tony thoroughly, their hands still moving along the cat’s smooth back.  “I’m not adorable.  That’s a terrible thing to call someone,” he whispered.
Tony and Sam cracked up, shouting laughter at the sky.  Steve rolled his eyes, and Natasha cast a small, cat-like smile in Bruce’s direction.  Bruce’s face grew alarmingly red and he downed the rest of his beer.
“I must.”
“Good.”
Tony ordered steaks through the butcher in town.  1 ½ inches thick, Kobe Wagyu rib eyes.  He read that in Japan, they rubbed the cows with sake or something.  Whatever the reason, he paid out the ass for them.  He hoped they were worth it.
The police station seemed fairly quiet for a Saturday night. He’d been in a few of them over the years, and usually they were a cacophony of cat-calls, strident voices, crying, laughing, a tv playing in the corner, phones ringing. It wasn’t that loud tonight. Just a few people sitting around, and they all seemed as morose as he and Sam did. Maybe it was still too early for drunk and belligerent, he thought. It wasn’t even eleven yet. The bars were still open and the night still in full-swing. At least for most people. Not them, though. Nope. Not them.
“Fuck you.”
The guy turned and stomped off, taking his entourage with him.
“You need to stay.  Mr. Stark needs you.  We all need you.”
it.  But look at me.  Even after the serum’s done its job, I’ll never have the mobility I had before.  Shuri and Doctor Strange were very kind but very honest.”  He blinked, but the tears still formed.  They shone like diamonds in the moon’s soft glow.  “It’s over.”
He watched her drive away, then got into his own car.  It was a Ferrari.  He’d retired the Bentley for the moment.  It didn’t feel right without Steve in the passenger seat.  He keyed the engine into loud, growling life and pulled out of the lot.  He drove home fast.  Not because there was anyone there to meet him, just because he wanted to.  There was something about the city that just made him want to go fast.
Tony used the hand on his cheek to pull him down to meet him. He kissed him high on one cheekbone. Very lightly. Very softly. But unhurried. Steve didn’t pull away. He just closed his eyes. “Well, we’ll just have to keep you here then, won’t we?”
Steve threw the rest of his drink back. “Rough year,” he said, and tapped his glass. The bartender filled it without a word.
“Yes, it is,” Ross agreed.  “Comfortable, that is.  Unfortunately, it’s not so lucky for me if that means you’re staying.”
“I’m not,” he said, locking the door behind him.  “I’m dying to know.”
I know I'm heaping a lot onto poor Steve. I know. I'm not a fan of hurting him--or anyone--but I need a conduit for pain, and for some reason, I just gravitate to him. I love him the most. And I hurt him the most. I don't know what that says about me, but it's probably nothing good.
“He’s got a free ride to NYU, but there’s always extras the scholarship won’t cover,” May said, squeezing Peter.  “Thank you.”
And he was wielding it now, even though he didn’t know it. Even though he had no idea of what he was doing to Tony. How his every word was tearing him open from the inside out. Tearing him open, and making him bleed not only from want and desire, but also from compassion.
“Ross’ men.  When do they come to take me away?”
turn to make sure Ross suffers for what he did to Steve.”
“There’s no hurry. You don’t have to-”
close to someone. It’s been a while.”
SEPTEMBER, SATURDAY 6:00 PM
Tony hadn’t said the “I love you” words either. He wanted to. He’d been pretty sure, even back when they were eleven-going-on-twelve that he was in love with Steve Rogers, and now he knew it for sure, but there was no way in hell he was going to say it. He’d seen his parents’ marriage before his mother died. He’d seen the way Howard treated her even while telling her he loved her, and he didn’t want that to happen to him and Steve. He never wanted that to happen.
Tony put the car in drive and pulled out. “Okay. Okay, I can do that.”
“Steve!”
“We said no questions.”
Steve ducked his head, smiling a little, a pink blush coloring his cheeks. And oh fuck, Tony had missed that so much. “Maybe that’s part of the reason it didn’t work out,” he said. “Maybe I was too old for him.”
branch. But maybe
Steve shook his head. “No,” he answered, and swiped at his eyes. “It wasn’t good, Tony.” He reverently took the ring out of the box, handed it to Tony, and held out his hand so Tony could slip it onto his finger. “It was perfect.”
Steve tapped the middle of his chest.  There was a faraway look in his eyes, a peacefulness that only came into view when he talked about Stark.  That’s why Strange kept asking.  He hated asking.  In his opinion, Stark was an arrogant prick, but Steve liked talking about him, and when he opened up about Stark, he would open up about everything else, too.  Health issues, mental issues, whatever else.  Strange grudgingly thanked Stark for that in his head.  The douchebag.
Steve laughed deep in his throat, and Tony’s heart beat just a bit harder at the sensation of Steve’s lips brushing against the sensitive skin of his palm. And his eyes--that impossible blue of the ocean--and who the
I'm sorry.
“I love you, too,” Steve sighed, eyes closed, arching into Tony’s touch. “I love you, too.
Steve stopped moving, his breath panting in and out of his lungs.  He'd been so close…
Steve sighed and ran a hand through his hair.  "No. I told you. No."
,” she said, curling into his side.
He could see the twist of her lips in his mind’s eye, see her trying to decide whether to smile or scream.  The irony was, Steve did the exact same thing.
“Nah, it’s okay.”
A chance meeting...
Tony kept his hand on it. “Before I tell you,” he said, “I’m just going to warn you. It might be scary.”
“Yeah?” Tony asked.  “I mean, it felt pretty good while I was doing it, but…”
(See the end of the chapter for
He counted to five inside his head.  One.  Two.  Three.  Four.  Five.  “Do you think that gives you the right to do this to him?” Tony asked.
, but I like it.”
Just a drop of angst in the sea that's to come.
Instead of answering, Steve reached into the pocket of his jacket and took out a folded piece of paper. He held it out. “Here.”
“Yes,” he answered.  “When you get home.”
But, he liked to stand out there and watch them sometimes. That was okay. That was enough. And after a while, he’d go back in, check his messages and e-mails one more time, check the locks, the security set-up, add anything he needed to the grocery list, shower, brush his teeth, then go to the bedroom and get into bed.
Steve’s lips moved against the back of his neck, leaving small tender kisses there.  Tony stroked his arm, running his fingers along the muscle, reached back and touched his hip, his thigh.
"Tony."
Tony fixed a bright smile on his mouth and turned around.  They were coming back up the lawn toward them, Bruce still pushing, struggling a little in the grass, Steve helping when they got bogged down.  Steve grinned as they got closer, warm eyes only for Tony.
--wasn’t something he could do. He couldn’t stay here, having Steve’s eyes on him while his guts were roiling, his heart shredding. He couldn’t do it. He didn’t have to do it.
Steve pushed Tony’s t-shirt up and bent to kiss his collarbone, nipping at it with his teeth.
“Are you sure? You’ve been acting kinda weird today.”
Tony cupped his cheek. “Do
She nodded.  “Yes.  Selfish.  As in, you’re thinking only about yourself.  As in, you’re not taking into account the fact that he
“So, that’s Howard Stark,” Sarah said.
life here. They’d only been here a month or two, and most of that had been spent either in the hospital therapy wing or planning a wedding. Life had been put slightly on hold for a while, but they could start working on it now. Tony had no doubt, seeing them together at the wedding, so much in love, that life would be first and foremost on their minds from here on out. He sighed, thinking about that. About life where none had existed before. He only stopped thinking about it when Steve crossed the room toward him. He didn’t think about new life then. He thought about an old one.
“‘Kay,” Steve said, and all of a sudden, he felt like he was standing on top of the world. “Good.”
“I know you wouldn’t. You never have.” He squeezed Tony tighter. “I don’t mean to get defensive, it’s just hard for me to explain.”
Breath.  Hot, panting breath.  His name, a hundred times on his lips, a litany of consonants and vowels that added up to more than it ever had before.  Mixing in with the name of god.  Carrying a weight it never had before.  Blasphemy to some, perhaps.  Truth to him.  Truth and love and beauty, spilling out of him at the cusp of it all.  And then the sharp gasp of breath, the stop of the heart, the clench of muscles.  All time stops.
Steve came to him. He didn’t touch him, just leaned against the bumper of the car. “‘Bout what?”
Steve stopped at the top and took his keys out of his pocket. Tony pressed up against his back and pressed his mouth against his shoulder, let his hands move over the washboard of his abdominals. Tony could feel them, hard and sharp beneath his fingers even through the fabric of his shirt. He couldn’t wait to see them. To put his tongue on them. His teeth.
“Rogers.  Steven, Grant.  Access Code 112-A.”
Steve must have been satisfied with it too, because he’d signed it.  He’d written a note at the bottom, and it was that note that was the last straw.
, he thought, and that relief he’d felt earlier washed over him again.
Thanks for reading! I will try and get the next chapter up next week. I'm just writing it now, so wish me luck!
“Steve?”
“Good. Tiring.”
“What
“It’s okay,” Steve said. “I’m a little shy too.”
?” Tony shouted, and then, like a miracle, there was Clint coming out the glass door.  Bruce trailed behind, cleaning his glasses on the tail of his shirt.
For a moment, Steve seemed on the verge of saying something, but then he shook his head. “I don’t really want to talk about that right now,” he said.
“Do-” Steve began, licked his lips, then tried again. “Do you wanna try?”
probably being stupid. But Tony was never late when they made plans. He’d only been late the one time, but
Steve shook his head and opened the pizza box.  “Google it,” he said.  “Should we warm this up?”
“And he doesn’t like bullies,” Sam went on.  “And that’s what Ross is, a big, fucking bully.”
They hadn’t made love.  They hadn’t done anything but lie together for the longest time after climbing the stairs hand-in-hand.  Tony lay in Steve’s arms, pressed fully against him, chest to chest, hip to hip, with his eyes closed.  After a while, he felt Steve’s breath on his cheek, then his lips, soft and sweet on his mouth.  Tony kissed him back, never pushing, just letting Steve dictate the pace and the pressure.  It didn’t go much further than gentle lips and a soft tongue, but it was perfect.  Absolutely perfect.
Tony was looking at him, though. He could feel it. Feel those deep, dark, bad eyes boring into him. “What do you mean ‘I’ll be okay’?”
“We’re still friends, right?” Tony asked, and Steve felt him place a kiss on his chest. Right over his heart.
She pressed her lips briefly against the top of his head and walked back to the front of the jet, leaving him alone. He curled into himself and closed his eyes, hearing her answer in his head as if she had spoken it aloud.
Steve bore up under his scrutiny as long as he could, then he turned to go.  Tony’s hand touched his arm and he halted immediately.
Tony’s smile deepened, and that tingly feeling exploded through his entire body. Tony leaned closer to him again, and laid his head on Steve’s shoulder. His hand slipped off Steve’s neck, and caught in the fabric of his shirt instead, curling into a fist and holding on. “Yeah, I’m okay.” He paused, listening to the birds overhead, then went on. “I still don’t want to go, though. To California. I’d rather stay here.”
Natasha hid her face in her hands.  He thought she might be trying to stifle a laugh and he was struck again by how young she looked.  “I know,” she said, emerging from behind her fingers.  “Clint thought it would be funny.”
Steve held out his hand and she took it. “Do you...want to dance?” he asked.
“By getting a kid fired?”
Tony shifted a little now, and Steve murmured something in his sleep, then was silent again.  Tony wished he knew what was going on inside that head.  He knew what the nightmares were about.  They’d talked about those.  Mostly of him falling, drowning, his heart stopping as the icy waters covered him.  No wonder he hated
he wrote instead.
“Goodnight, baby,” he whispered almost without realizing it, then turned over, away from the side that was not Steve’s and closed his eyes.
“Yeah?” he said, anxiously.  “You think it’s okay?”
Steve bristled. “Do I look drunk to you, son?” he growled.
“I meant what I said. You can stay here forever.”
“Do we have to go out?” Steve asked. “Can we stay in instead?”
Steve laughed.  They all did.  And in the distance, clouds began to build on the horizon.
“The Raft?” Tony asked, and Sam shook his head.
“I don’t think either of us had a birthday while we were together.”
Tony kissed the lobe of his ear again. “And we thought we never agreed on anything.” He tightened his legs around Steve’s midsection, grinding against him, swallowing his gasp with another kiss. “Come on,” he said. “Let’s go downstairs.”
Ross wiped his upper lip gingerly.  “Fine.  If you try to leave-”
“It’s beautiful.”
?” he gritted.  “He deserves it.”
“Hey. Whatcha doing?”
“So?” he asked, as he waved his hand and slid it all away.  “Are we good to go?  I can send these to Fury from here so he can have a peek, then put it into production next week.”
. “Oh, fuck you, you goddamn telemarketer.”
Steve didn’t see those aspects of himself when he looked through Tony’s eyes.  All he could see was the liar.  The condescender.  Through Tony’s eyes, he was weak.  He was a coward.  Through Tony’s eyes, he had been judged, and found wanting. Part of him knew it was wrong, that he was using Tony in some bitter, masochistic way, but he could no more stop it now than stop the Earth from spinning.
“Beauty
wearing one.
or something?"
. It’s time you started growing up a little. You’ll get over it.
He bit his lip.  “I don’t think I’d be welcome, do you?”
They were having coffee.  Just the two of them in a diner near her apartment.  Tony dumped sugar into his cup and stirred.  “I don’t know.  I don’t think so.”
Tony wove their fingers together, the silk of the tie still between them, and when he sunk into him, they both exhaled with combined passion and relief. Tony held Steve’s hand, clutching it tightly as they rocked together, slowly at first, then faster and faster, using it as his own tether to this new reality. A reality he prayed was something he would get to keep. That
Steve laughed. They all laughed. Steve could tell Tony’s laughter was forced, but he didn’t say anything.
“Hi--” he looked at Tony, distressed.  “I can’t say it, Tony.  In fact, maybe that’s part of the reason he hates me.  Because I let you name him such a dumb name.”
Steve’s heart took an unexpected jog in his chest, thumping harder than it had while he ran, that was for sure. He cleared his throat, trying desperately to look like he was not currently engaging in some kind of internal struggle to stop himself from staring at this
“Go on, man.”
“But Nat knows?”
The crack widened and became a tear, a hole, a portal large enough for a man to walk into .  Or walk out of.  “Come on, Stark,” Strange said, stepping into the cell.  “It’s time to go.”
That did not help matters.
Another short one.
Tony laughed bitterly.  “I don’t even think you realize how fucking crazy you sound, do you?  It’s okay for you to die, but not us?  I can’t even begin to fathom how that makes sense in your mind.”
fucked up.”
“Don’t say that.”
Steve didn’t need you.”
Tony let out a breath. “Steve-” he began, but Steve shook his head and gripped Tony’s wrists firmly in his hands.
“No. No, you were right. It was time.”
They sat out on the deck, each of them with a beer.  It wasn’t quite five o’clock yet, but hell, it was June and sunny, and Tony was on vacation.  You were supposed to drink on vacation.  He thought it might even be in the Constitution.
“They killed him,” Tony said.  “For being gay.  They killed him.”
“I’ll take care of it.”
Tony’s hand stopped and Steve whined in the back of his throat.  “Doctor Baxter your psychiatrist?”
“Said I would, didn’t I?”
“I want him too,” Steve said, resting his head in his hand. “That’s what’s scary.”
“We’ll see,” Steve said.
Tony trailed off and glanced up at her.  Steve followed his gaze, his eyes softening as he took her in, but he did not speak.
“What do you mean?” Tony whispered.  His steps were soft, silent as cat paws as he crossed the living room.
The loose community around the lake was sponsoring a firework display tonight before the big celebration in town tomorrow.  Tony had donated a couple hundred dollars after the area Girl Scouts came around asking with their big eyes and shy smiles.  Steve winked at them as they left, and Tony watched them dissolve into breathy giggles, clutching each other as they left.  “He’s
Tony sputtered, shocked--
But Steve didn’t answer. He held him though. For a long time. Held him in his gentle, rock-hard arms, and Tony felt it. Felt his love for him pouring out, wrapping around him, cocooning him. He felt its warmth, its sweetness, its steady, never-ending
Gina tugged Tony closer and put her head on his shoulder.  It was a quietly possessive gesture, one Tony wasn’t even sure she knew she was making.  “Oh.  That’s nice.  Are you in town for Christmas?”
“What do you think?” Tony asked, putting the bag with their sodas and sandwiches in the kitchen.
He wondered if it was thoughts like that that made Howard drink.  Made his mother cry.
Tony lay on the bed in the cabin, trying very hard to work.  He was going through the motions.  He had his tablet out.  He had the specs for Clint’s new arrows up.  He was even wearing his glasses.  He was putting on a good show, but every ounce of his concentration was actually focused on the closed door opposite him  The closed door and what was behind it.
Sam shook his head.  “No.  He wouldn’t like that.”  He drank some of his beer.  “Why not The Raft?  Isn’t that Ross’ thing?”
“Hold out your hand.”
“What if he says no?” Nat asked as Tony ended the call.
“You know we have.”
know so much?" he teased. "I thought you couldn't read those kinds of signals."
He winced and thrashed on the grass.  She held him down by the shoulders.  The wound in his gut spouted fresh blood and he cried out in pain.  “Don’t--Steve--don’t move.  You have to stay still, okay?  Please, Steve, don’t.”
Steve stood at the foot of the bed, just watching him sleep. His heart was so filled with love and need and want it almost staggered him. He had never, in all his life, loved anyone--including Nat, and that was saying something--the way that he loved Tony. He knew he would never love anyone else that way. Ever. It just would not be possible.
. And now here it was again. Finally. He breathed deeply as Tony stopped in front of him, smiled up at him, and it was all he could do to not just wrap him up in his arms right then and there.
, Steve. Why do you do this to me? Huh? Do you just delight in stomping on my heart?”
“Hey,” Steve said. “Where’ve you been?”
He said good-bye shortly after, and he and Dodger went home. It wasn’t far...just down the steps. Mrs. Perkins had left him her apartment when she died. Left him that, and he and Sarah the rest of her estate. She’d had no children of her own, no real family other than a few greedy cousins she said she wouldn’t leave a dime to. They had put the money in an account with both their names on it, but neither of them really touched it. They were both doing okay, money-wise. Steve’s education was paid for, and what bills he had, he covered with his pay from his monthly weekends with the National Guard and a job he got cooking at a diner three mornings a week before school. Steve had paid off Sarah’s medical bills, and she still worked at the hospital four nights a week. He’d tried to get her to quit, but she wouldn’t. She said she liked it. He understood.
“So, you just woke up to a big old hankering for a lungful of cancer?  Is that it?”
Steve shrugged.  “I’d go anywhere with you,” he said.  “But I’d kinda like to stay here for awhile, if that’s okay.”
He glanced to the left and looked at the spot where Thanos’ body had lain.
Tony reached into Steve’s ear and pulled out his com-set.  He shoved it into his own ear. “Rhodey?  Rhodey, where the hell are you, man, I need you!”
Bruce eyed him anxiously, and Tony shook his head.
. So what if he couldn’t stop thinking of home lately? So what if all he wanted was to go to the movies with Sam? Or listen to Mr. Barker tell his one stupid joke? So what if he would actually consider murder if it meant he could have one bite of his mother’s Sunday pot roast? Would contemplate slow, painful suicide to wake up in his own bed in New York just one last time?
“I want you to call around tomorrow and find me a doctor.”
Tony thought he’d seen earlier, more apparent than ever in the deep blue of his eyes. He didn’t say anything, but Tony didn’t need him to.
He’d never been inside. The lobby reminded him of the Stark’s penthouse apartment. It was very cold, very beautiful, all marble and glass and chrome. There were people milling around, gawking like he was, interspersed with people rushing from here to there with purpose, sheafs of paper in their hands, or cell phones pressed to their ears. He looked around, unsure what to do or where to go. There was a reception desk, and he made his way over to it.
Steve laughed again. “God, you have a one-track mind when we come here.”
Tony blinked away his own sudden tears. He hurt. He hurt for Steve, for the things he had said, for the way he was feeling. Tony gathered him in his arms and held him tight against his chest. Steve stiffened, then melted into the embrace. Tony sagged a little under his weight, but he straightened his back and bore him up.
Tony came and knelt in front of him again. He put his hands on Steve’s knees. Looked at him with a great patience. “Okay,” he said. “Okay. We’ll just make it work like that, then. We can write to each other. Every day. And call. And you’ll have leaves? Right? I mean, you’ll come home sometimes. Maybe I could even come over there a couple times. Maybe-”
Ross ignored the bait and allowed Tony to show him the blue-prints.  Tony threw them up in the air, making them almost life-size, so they could walk through them and see how they would work for the team.
Thaddeus Ross spit on him.
“You like that?”
Sam chuckled a little in his ear, and Tony felt his thundering heart slow a bit. If Sam could laugh--even just a little--then Steve was probably okay. Mostly okay, anyway. “The apartment below Sarah’s. Mrs. Perkins’s old place.”
“He insists he only took the medication his Dr. Baxter prescribed.  And you already know what Baxter said.”
clean, though, right, boss?”
“I’ll see you in a few days,” he said.
“I don’t mean sex-wise.  I’m not twenty-four anymore.”
Steve looked at him, his brow furrowed, thinking.  “Tony, give them Ross’ money,” he said finally.
“I can’t.  FRIDAY’s ignoring my requests, remember?”
Part of Steve’s mind had still been in the hallway concentrating on that salad, wondering if the romaine was crunchy, thinking about how those cherry tomatoes would pop when he bit down on them, and that bacon, that smoky, meaty, crispy bacon.  But now, he was all here.  All present.  He frowned.
“Okay,” Tony said.
“It’s okay.  Put them on the vanity.”
Steve looked up at him seriously.  “Will you have dinner with me, Tony?”
. It was funny.”
“I think we broke up.”
“Where are we going?”
Sarah sat up from where she’d been lying on the couch. “Right here, honey.”
"Yeah."  Tony used the hand in his hair to drag Steve's head over closer to the lamp.
"Quick as I can."
Steve said nothing. He just stood in the doorway. He was frowning. He couldn’t help it. He couldn’t help that he was scared, either. He had never been alone in a room with Howard before. He’d never been alone in a room with a shark before either. He thought they might feel about the same.
Suddenly, Tony cocked his head in Sam’s direction. He smiled what Steve thought was his most charming smile, and he was glad it wasn’t directed at him or he would have had to call his boss and tell him he was sick or something and couldn’t work tomorrow after all. As it was, Sam was put in the spotlight, and Steve just sat back to see how he was going to get out of this one--or if he’d even try.
“Tell me how he is.  Really.”
Tony watched him while he spoke, watched his fingers slowly kneading his head, watched his mouth move, the way his other hand scratched his elbow.  The prison jump-suit fit him fine, but he seemed to shrink inside it.  His hair, clipped short, but clean, shone with its own inner-light again.  At least he got outside a little here.  The sun was doing him good.  But that didn’t alleviate Tony’s worry over what he was saying.  He knew there were drugs in the prison system, but not at The Raft.  And Steve had been with him for a month after that.  He had barely left Tony’s side.  There was no way he could have gotten any even if Tony believed he’d been taking them before.  And he didn’t.  Because Steve said he hadn’t.  And Steve wouldn’t lie.
They were sitting at the table, his mother, still in her scrubs, and Tony, wearing Sam’s endearingly still-too-big t-shirt. They both had cups of coffee by their hands. A large book, Steve recognized with a deep internal groan as one of his mother’s scrapbooks, sat between them on the table. He shook his head and came into the room.
“Where’d this come from all of a sudden, huh?” Tony whispered, his lips against Steve’s cheek.  “We were getting along so well.”
He knew it was supposed to be one of the most brilliant films ever made. He knew it spoke volumes about man’s journey through birth, life, and death...or something?
“We always put ‘em out.”  He paused.  “After a while.”
Doctor Mickelsen led them down the hallway and pointed them to the doorway. Sam stayed outside while Steve slipped through the door. He went to his sleeping mother, and kissed her. He sat down and held her hand. He ignored how much he wanted to cry. How much he wanted a cigarette. How much he wanted a drink. He shoved it aside and just held her hand, wishing he could crawl up onto the bed and lie beside her the way he used to do when he was six years old and had a nightmare.
“Shh.  Just rest, Captain, alright?  Just rest.”
“No way.  And besides, coffee has antioxidants.”
“Yeah.”
“I let you win, old man.”
“I knew you would.  I knew you’d never stop looking.”
his name.”
He heard the door open and knew who it was.  The weight of his eyes was too familiar.
He hadn’t
“That shield belongs to Tony,” Steve said quietly.  “His father made it.  It was never mine.  I just borrowed it.”
“Was I being charming?” he asked, all sweetness and innocence.  “I wasn’t even trying yet.”
“Well,” Howard said and raised his eyebrows. “There’s always the New York office.” He nudged Tony with his elbow. “It would be nice to have Stark Industries’ brightest mind just an elevator ride away.”
Steve sighed, squeezed Tony’s hand. He kissed him one more time, quick and light. “See you in the morning,” he said, and left.
“I don’t need a medal,” Sam said, laughing. “Just keep letting me beat you at pool, and I’ll be happy.”
“Nobody
“I know, Mom.”
“You were,” Tony insisted.  “If I’d been around back in the day, I would have scooped you up like that,” he said, snapping his fingers.  It was the first time he’d done that since Thanos.  He was glad he’d done it here, lying secure in Steve’s arms.  It didn’t hurt as much as it could have if he’d done it anywhere else.
Her mouth dropped open.  She blinked, incredulous.  “Notice?  You
Steve shifted, his lashes fluttering against the skin of Tony’s neck. It was soft, almost as soft as his breath, and god, those tiny sensations were fast becoming the things Tony lived for. The things he would die for.
So, they didn't really have an "anniversary" in the traditional sense of the word, but that didn't mean they didn't acknowledge their relationship.
“Um,” he said, his eyes darting frantically around his apartment, searching for something,
“I won’t be doing that,” Strange said, shaking his head.
comfortably, thank you very much.
“You don’t need any.”
“Huh?” he said, and Clint shook his head. Popped another Dorito into his mouth.
Tony squeezed his hand one more time. “Let’s test that theory, okay?”
“I’ll get it.”
Tony cocked an eyebrow. “You need some help with that?”
, Steve thought, in almost a panic.
“Fast.”
“Make me forget,” Tony murmured, hands clenching into Steve’s hair as he trailed wet, open-mouthed kisses down Tony’s torso. “I don’t want to think about anything but you. Make me forget everything else.”
Steve caught himself on his elbow, and kept moving into the dust and barbecue scent of what was at least pain and danger and probably death.
Tony laughed, his breath a puff of sweet air against Steve’s palm, and pursed his lips to put a soft kiss there, his eyes never leaving Steve’s. They were lit with an impish light that made Steve’s stomach turn over again and again in a string of somersaults.
“Do you--” Tony whispered, but Strange cut him off with a curt wave of his hand.  Tony closed his mouth, but couldn’t shut off his worry.  Steve was moaning himself now, his body continuously shuddering.  Sweat gathered on his brow, at the hollows of his temples.  His breath was ragged, ripping in and out of his parted lips as though the very act of respiration itself was excruciating.
She was quiet for a moment.  He let her think, just holding her, taking in her scent.  Peaches and cream.  It was perfect.
“I didn’t say break
“Don’t get greedy,” Tony teased.  “I’m not that easy.”  He pulled Steve’s head down to kiss his forehead.  Steve’s laughter was a puff of breath against Tony’s throat.
Tony nodded, and now his grip was painful, extreme to the point of panic. He dropped his eyes, but Steve could see his jaw working, the muscle contracting with barely-checked emotion. “And I need you to tell me-” he stopped, breathed in, then exhaled jerkily, his eyes finally jumping back to Steve’s own, blazing. “I need you to tell me you’re
, if he didn’t know it already.  To Tony, this wasn’t just another voice on a phone linked to him only by the wire that stretched the thirty-two miles that separated them.  He was a man with a wife, four kids, a dog, a mortgage, a stack of bills.  A man worried about Jenny’s braces and Tom’s baseball camp.  Maybe this hadn’t always been the case with Tony.  “Philanthropist” hadn’t always been on his resumé, but it was now.  After Afghanistan, after Sokovia, and especially after Thanos.  They all had faces now.  They all had names and stories.  They weren’t just voices on the phone anymore.  They were people.
Tony jerked his head backward, and Steve looked at the door where Wanda stood.
Her hand was small, but hard and fast.  It connected with his cheek with a flat clap.  His head rocked to the side.
Especially since it hated him.
"Does he need motivation to be a lying fuck, Stephen?  Maybe he's just a bad guy."
“I mean Tony said the same thing."
“Boss?” FRIDAY said, “Are you seeing this?”
Howard took another sip of his drink. “Out?”
“I know.”
“You’ll see. Positions are my specialty.”
“He seems pretty decided, Steve,” she said.
Put that out of your head, Stark.  Focus.
“Hmm. If I'd known that I wouldn't have shaved,” he whispered.
“Okay.”
The sheriff steered him away.  Tony followed, walking as far as the edge of the door.  He was still barefoot.  And it was still January.
“No,” Bruce said.  He shook his head.  “I’m going to talk to Stephen.  I’ll bring him down when I come back tomorrow.  I want us to run some tests.  Blood work.  Tox screen.  Things like that.”
filled the room. Steve turned it up a little.
his mind asked incoherently. His face was hot, the whole right side of his body felt
Steve looked at him sharply, his face suddenly cloudy and hurt. “What? No.”
And then the other stuff. The stuff that came after that.
What if they
“You bet.”
“Rhodey’s suit.  Are you here to watch me?”
The cat growled at the sound of his voice.
“No.”
“Don’t you have anything a little more…” he waved his hand indistinctly, trying to think of the word that fit. “I don’t know. Utilitarian?” And as soon as the word was out of his mouth, he was kicking himself internally because it made him sound like an elitist dick. He wasn’t--at least, he hoped he wasn’t--but it sounded that way.
“Maybe it would be best if he just
“I’m fine,” Steve said, and rubbed his cheek into Tony’s palm.  “I’m just tired.  Finals and-and stuff.”
Tony turned on his side, pulled the blanket over his shoulder, and slept.  It was dreamless.  That was a relief.
“What about you?”
?” Tony asked in a razor-edged tone.
“We’d better get your memory checked, then, huh?” he said quietly, and grasped Tony’s fingers almost shyly.  He tugged them and Tony leaned down.  It didn’t take much--even seated, Steve was still a big guy--and pressed a kiss against his mouth.
“I don’t know.”
, Tony, I was.  I was happy that they did that for me, but it hurt too.  Seeing all those people around, just chattering and taking selfies and stuff.  I got so mad.”  He smiled around his thumb then took it out of his mouth.  “It sounds silly now, doesn’t it?  Getting so worked up over such a little thing?”
Tony raised an eyebrow.  “Meaning?”
“I get that there are feelings here, but this isn’t helping Steve.”
“Thanks, sweetheart.”
“Everything is running smoothly, and all systems are on-line.”
“Yeah.  Today’s all about the good things.”
Her eyes widened minutely. “Quite the potty-mouth tonight,” she mused. “I should try and get you drunk more often.”
Steve put his head in his hand.
Tony shook his head immediately. “No, Mrs. Rogers. I want you to stay.” He looked over his shoulder. “Steve? Stay?”
Steve picked it up, waited until Sarah’s back was turned, then dropped a quick, silent kiss to Tony’s lips. “Suck up,” he muttered, and Tony smiled at him with an evil glint in his eye.
“That’s good,” Sam said. “She needs to rest.”
Steve blinked, gazing up at him, then closed his eyes and rubbed them.  Actually rubbed them.  When they opened, they were as big, blue, and gorgeous as they’d ever been.
“Deactivation sequence initiated.”
Steve nodded against his chest.
“But you still love me, though, right?” Tony teased.  “Come on, Steve, let’s hear one of those rousing speeches about how much you love me.”
“Vintage Versace,” Strange said.  “I’d hate to ruin it, too.”  He nodded at her.  “Especially since it looks so beautiful on you.”
“Sure.”
He spied Steve’s sketchbook under the couch and hooked it out with his foot.  It was dusty, but there was a pencil sticking out of it around the midpoint.
Tony nodded.  “She doesn’t like Steve.”
Steve nodded.  “Right.  Assassination attempt.”
Tony hooked his finger into Steve’s belt loop and pulled him closer.  He reached up and ran his hand through soft, blond hair.  “You’re gonna be the death of me, baby, you know that?”
He didn’t get nervous much, but he was nervous now. He knew he had a reason to be. If there was any situation on earth that warranted a good, old-fashioned case of the butterflies, it was this one, but it still felt weird. He was Tony Stark, for Christ’s sake. He didn’t get nervous.
“Oh god,” Steve choked out.  “She called you ‘James’.”  He made another one of those harsh, garbled sounds and Bucky smiled.  It changed his face completely, lighting it from the inside.
Strange turned to leave, and Tony went to find Wanda.  He was already rehearsing his rendition of “Steve Versus the Revolving Door” in his head.
got worse.  So, enjoy what you have, because it really was like Mom said--if you don’t take care of what you have, you shouldn’t have it.  You don’t deserve to have it.
“Yeah, I noticed,” Sam said. “Ever since Stark came back to school here you’ve had a lot on your mind.”
She looked at him. Steve could feel her eyes, and he finally looked back. “He’ll be okay, honey,” she said. “He wasn’t afraid. I watched very closely. He was surprised, but not afraid.”
how to answer that question, because he was divorced. He was living here. Steve was living here. They were in the same city. At the same time. There wasn’t an ocean between them. There wasn’t an overbearing father between them either. At least, not one that mattered, because they were adults, and who gave a fuck what Howard would think about this anymore, anyway?
It was a Lexus, low-slung and sexy, but not as flashy as the Bentley even for all its fresh-off-the-lot newness.  It had D.C. plates.  Tony’s brow furrowed and he wished heartily for a gauntlet.
“That was mean,” he said. “Kiss me and make me feel better.”
Steve wiped his eyes. “Don’t ask me that. I’m not going anywhere near that one.”
And now, for the first time, nerves started to flutter through his stomach. But these weren’t bad nerves. They felt good. Familiar. Like the way he had always felt before showing a new piece to Ms. Carter in school. Or the way he felt when he’d called Tony to ask him and Morgan out for the first time. “I don’t know, Mr. Stark,” he said, rubbing the back of his neck. “I haven’t done any...
Steve took in a deep breath and sighed it out. Tony was nibbling his ear and kissing the sensitive place right beneath it, but when Steve didn’t say anything, he made a soft, inquisitive sound to prompt him.
“Good.”
He’d helped his mother through a battle with cancer. He’d stood as best man for his friend and comrade’s wedding--then stood up again with his best friend when it was
He could almost feel her mind working.  It was a strange, nearly magical thing to behold.
“A pom-pom
“Which one would I be more likely to get?”
He was nervous.
Tony shrugged again, and even though he was giving off an air of detachment, Steve could feel the tension in his muscles, could see the taut line of his shoulders. “You know. If you wanted.”
“You don’t.”
“Forever?”
they?  There had been
“You waited.”
Tony shrugged.  “A couple of weeks.  He’s been six times, I guess.”
“Yeah, that sounds more like me.”
Sam pointed toward a closed door. “There’s the bathroom. Take all the time you need. We’ll make sure Morgan’s okay.”
“A while.”
“Clean slates for every Avenger, right?” Steve said.
“Do you wanna study?” Steve asked against Tony’s neck, as they took a step back toward the bed.
. Trying to be discreet, they hadn’t really gotten too much of that since they’d become an item. An occasional, illicit peck like Steve gave him when he came in today. A short, tight squeeze when they found themselves alone in the school hallway. Twice, when Steve let Tony drive him home instead of riding the bus, they’d had a quick, fumbling make-out session in an empty parking lot. They didn’t have the chance to get too heated, though. Steve was always too conscious of the time, and Tony always too conscious of the surroundings to get too into it. The two times it had happened, Tony went home and directly to his room afterward. Lying on his bed, he thought of Steve’s hands running along his arms and resting on his thighs while he put his own hands to use in a way that Steve had never done, but Tony thought about probably much more often than was healthy.
“You’re killing me, Steve.”  Steve smiled his little half-smile, and Tony rolled his eyes.  “Fine.
“Good.”
“I am.”
“He was here.  He and Carol were circling, taking down Thanos’ army while Steve, Hulk, and Thor were fighting him on the ground.  They were surrounding him, hemming him in.  Thor and Hulk went for him and when Hulk grabbed him, Thor cut the gauntlet off.  Steve ran for it and threw it to Hulk.  He put it on and snapped.”  She paused, breathing hard.  “Thor  flew up into the air, and Steve was left there alone with Thanos.  There was lightning,” she said, “and thunder, and everything was dark.”  She grasped Sam’s hand.  “Thor threw the axe, and Steve caught it.  He caught it, Sam.  It was like they knew.  Like they both just
He sleepwalked  his way through the showers, dressed in his civvies, then left the Compound. Nat met him at the door and asked if he wanted a ride. Steve shook his head. Said he needed some air. Nat asked if he wanted company, but he said no.
Only two or three more chapters to go! Thank you all so much for the love you guys have shown for this story. I wasn't sure how it would be received, but you have all just made every chapter better by giving me your own perspectives on them, so seriously--thank you! I love you all!!
“You’re right,” Steve said, and stepped out of his grip, ignoring Tony’s “Hey!” of protest.  “No, you’re right.  I have something to say and if I keep touching you, it really will be mutual hand-jobs and I’ll forget what I wanted to tell you, and then you’ll be gone.”
“I thought you might,” Tony said. He snuggled deeper into Steve’s arms. “It was quite an adventure. You’re lucky Dodger’s still here. She insisted he was going with her.” He laughed humorlessly. “And thank god we have the S.I. jet. After all our collective shit, any commercial plane would have kicked us all out onto the runway.”
I love Sam Wilson. Just getting that out there.
"No.  No, it's okay.  I just need a minute."
“He wasn’t
SEPTEMBER, SATURDAY 10:50 PM
Huge relief and joy like he had never known barrelled through Steve’s entire being. If he hadn’t been lying down, he was positive he would have been blown cleanly back by the force of it. Like a leaf in a hurricane. “Yeah?”
“Don’t be sorry,” Tony said, and kissed his mouth.  “I’m excited, too.”
Tony didn’t know, was wild to find out, and torn because he desperately wanted both.
you sulk when I don’t just bow down and give you what you want.” He shook his head. “And this is all after I find out you spent the night with Stark a few days ago.”
Tony laughed.  Once again, Sam was scarily apt.
He forgot Bucky’s name.
“Steve?”
“You-you look good, too,” Steve stammered.  “Better.  You know.  Than you did.”  He sighed, frustrated with himself.
“You saved the world.”
. He was suddenly, painfully aware that his clothing had come from a discount store. That his jacket and shoes had come from a thrift shop downtown. That he and Tony, as well as they got along, really didn’t have much--or
“I know,” Steve assured him.  “It’s okay.”
. Okay? Don’t keep it in. That’s not good for you.”
“I wouldn’t go that far,” Steve said.
Steve hesitated, then kissed him long and hard, trying to give him some reassurance that everything would be okay. “Have a good day, okay?”
“Somebody’s got to be.”
He smiled, feeling lighter than he had for a long time. Between her and Tony, he felt almost light enough to float away. “Can I color with you?” he asked, and she nodded. She was smiling now too. And god, that made him even lighter. “How ‘bout the blue?” he asked. “Can I have the blue?”
The rest of the team had left earlier, so Steve and Tony were alone.  It was dark in the alley, mostly quiet.  A couple of kids on a date rolled an occasional ball down the far lane.  They threw gutter-balls almost exclusively, then groaned or high-fived at the worst ones.  The boy’s eyes were bright, the girl’s color high.  They laughed a lot.
“Huh?”
He was quiet, listening to the other guys bullshit back and forth while they walked. He was almost always quiet unless he was giving orders. It was one of the things they all liked about him. That they all admired. Steve wasn’t prone to a bunch of talk--which was why when he
Tony pressed his forehead against Steve’s chest, holding onto him for a moment, then said, “Get dressed.”
Sarah sat up immediately. Her eyes were sharp, the fingers she grasped him with were sharp too. “
Steve nodded, turned his head to nuzzle into Tony’s palm. “Okay,” he said. “If that’s the way it is, then that’s the way it is."
“I’d like to believe that,” Thad said, and his voice, while still cold, had warmed a little.
“Do you think people hate us now?”
On days like today when he couldn’t go into the treatment room with her, he’d sit out in the waiting room with his book and his headphones. He had almost given up the smoking--for Sarah--but around the three-hour mark, he would start to get a little antsy, and head down to the cafeteria for a cup of coffee and a muffin. He’d tried the almond poppyseed, but couldn’t get over the strange, oily feel of it in his mouth, so he went to the blueberry. That one was a little better, although he thought they were playing pretty fast and loose with the word “blueberry”. Sure, there were blue pieces in the muffin, but he was pretty fucking sure they weren’t blueberries. He still ate it though. Fake blueberries were better than none at all.
Steve shook his head.  “I don’t want
Steve drug his hand back down Tony’s back and settled it on his hip, his fingers rubbing softly.  “I’m sorry.”
“I can’t tell you that I’ve forgiven him,” Tony said, “but I am trying to understand.”
“Zoloft.  200 mg.”
“No,” Steve said bluntly.  “For this?  No.  He’s busy, Tony.  If Ross wants everybody in for a couple of days, I’m sure Doctor Strange is going too.”
She gripped his chin with her fingers and shook his head a little. “Stubborn,” she said in a sweet, warm tone. “Just like your father was.”
“Yeah,” he said. “I’m sorry. Mom just came in and told me he was here.”
“Did you and Steve have a fight?”  No greeting.  No preamble.  Just that.
Tony tipped his head up, saw him, waved. “Steve!”
memories about his father. He knew it was fucked up beyond belief. He knew it was something that he would never admit to anyone. Not even himself most days. But, when Howard stepped toward him when he was angry was the only time he ever came close to Tony at all, and part of him craved that. Part of him would always crave that. Part of him wanted Howard to step closer and be in the same space with him, and if it couldn’t be out of love or affection, Tony had gotten to a place where he was okay with it being out of anger. At least Howard came close to him then. At least Tony got to meet his eyes. At least Tony got to feel the warmth from his body. At least he got to smell him--a mixture of aftershave and alcohol that would always scream
Tony nodded. “Me too.”
Steve buried his face into Tony’s neck, his lips moving, teeth nipping just enough. “But…Morgan-” he began, but Tony cut him off with another searing kiss.
“Yeah,” Tony said dreamily.  “I’ll never forget our honeymoon.  A blowjob on a prison cell floor.”
“I can’t believe you have your mom babysit your dog.”
All alone.
“Been a little vampiric lately, haven’t I?”
“You bowled a 230,” Jeff said, and glanced darkly at one of the other guys.  “Dave only did a 180.  We’ve got to work on him.”
Steve swallowed and wet his lips with his tongue.  Tony sighed harshly at the sight, wishing it was on him, inside him.  “I want you, Tony, I really do, it’s just that I can’t--” he gestured at his legs helplessly.  “--I can’t have any weight.  On me.  I can’t--”
It was big inside and that was the reason he chose it.  Big and comfortable.  That was important.  That was essential.
love you.”
“Really?”
“Like
“It’s okay.  Really.”
The elevator started up again.  When it reached the common floor, Steve picked up his bag.  “Thanks again, Miss FRIDAY.”
Tony let out a short, shocked breath. His eyes crawled over Steve’s face, drinking him in. “Damn,” he said under his breath. “I didn’t even notice at first.” He closed the distance between them, then reached out a hand to touch Steve’s cheek. It was tentative, that hand. Almost shy. “My god,” he breathed. “You look just like when we were kids.”
Tony stood where he was, listening to the bathroom door open, then close. There was some movement, then the shower started up. He closed his eyes, forcing himself not to imagine what was going on in there. Only madness could be found going down that path tonight. So instead, he turned around and looked at the bed. It still looked big and dreamy. Inviting, with its soft sheets and smooth, white covers. He’d hoped he’d be sleeping beside Steve in it tonight, but Morgan looked so sweet lying there, the dark of her hair such a contrast to the sea of white surrounding her, he felt himself ease a little. Felt that knot in his stomach start to unravel.
Weak laughter bubbled out of Steve’s mouth.  “Probably not as many times as I’m going to.  If you ever let me.”
“Tell you what,” Tony said, then made a writing motion in the air.  “Pep, do you have a--?”
Steve turned the chair around and Tony gripped the handles.  Steve sighed, and Tony dropped a kiss on top of his head.
Steve just kind of wished a certain someone in this house was the same.
day.”
"Alive."
Steve felt like kicking himself, but Tony glanced up and lifted the corner of his mouth in a tiny smile.  “That’s your department, Cap.  I’m just a glorified mechanic.  You’re brains here.”
He looked at his watch.  Eight a.m.  8:02, to be exact.  Tony groaned.
Tony closed his eyes wearily, then opened them again, rolled them slightly, just so Steve could see, then said, “Okay, Dad.”
“Tony!”
a wedding.  And since I was out-voted on the tuxes--dick move, by the way, Bruce--you can at least give me this.”
“How pissed would you be?”
“Nothing,” she said, but he could see tears pooling in her lashes again. He thought they were okay, though. He was pretty positive they were happy tears. “I just thought someday you might be leaving Dodger
this 26 ¾ inches are yours.  This 26 ¾ inches are mine.  I’ll keep mine the way I want, and you keep yours the way you want.”
“Do you want-” Steve said, breaking away to speak, his eyes wild with greed.
.  It wasn’t fair, Tony decided, and added a good, old-fashioned lap-sitting to his list of things he was going to do when he got Steve home.  The list was growing at an alarming rate.  And Steve had just added to it, too.
He closed his eyes at the harsh glare of the sun, and raised his hand to protect them further.
“Come on,” Steve said abruptly, twitching at Sam’s shirt-sleeve. “We’re gonna miss the bus.”
“It’s not a good idea.”
When they got home, Steve unbuckled Morgan, and she clung wordlessly to his neck until he just lifted her up and carried her inside. Her soft, solid weight felt good in his arms, but there was a desperation in the way she held onto him that mirrored the dim cloud that had hung over the entire evening. He knew what it was. Knew it was for the same reason Tony had been so temperamental over the last few days, the same reason his mother’s eyes had leaked continuously all through dinner. He knew, and part of him loved it, but most of him just felt sad. He hated feeling like he was doing this to the people he loved. The people who meant more to him than anyone in the world.
“Yeah.  I mean, I
Steve glanced back at the hatch.  Tony frowned a little, then deliberately, and quickly schooled his features into something more friendly.
Thinking back, Tony didn’t see how the three things could possibly have happened simultaneously, but in that moment, it certainly seemed that way:
His foot moved against Tony’s ankle.  How could that be erotic?  That should not be erotic.
Steve looked over at the bus, then at Tony.
“Mom-” he began, but she shook her head. Her tears were flowing, mixing with the rain on her cheeks.
He stood looking up at them, seeing in his head how it would be--getting excited now--thinking how the paint would look on the canvas, how he would use Cerulean blue to get the exact color of the sky overhead. The mountains would be a little more difficult. Ultramarine blue? Maybe. But probably Cobalt. Yeah. Yeah. Cobalt. Mixed with a little white. That would be perfect. Fucking perfect. Where would he get the paints, though? He was sure he could. A lot of people had hobbies. Nobody would begrudge him a limited set of paints so he could--
He stewed instead. Reread Steve’s text a thousand times. Reread his own a thousand more. Tried to decipher some kind of meaning that he had not understood before, but it stayed stubbornly vague, no matter how much of his considerable brain power he put toward it.
“Hey. Sorry I’m late”
stuff without thinking? Why did he have to make everything so awkward? Why didn’t he just go apologize when Clint did?
“Because you’ll wait for me.”
,” Steve said, but he felt better. So much better. He moved his hand over Tony’s body again. Not using much pressure, just wanting to feel him. Just wanting to feel the way Tony moved against him.
“I don’t know what that is.”
Bruce sipped his beer.  “They, uh, didn’t seem too surprised, actually,” he said, and blushed.  “They just told me to let them know when I was finished and walked away.”
“Yes.”
Natasha moved closer until she was pressed against his side, her head on his chest.  He put his arms around her and kissed the top of her head, the sweet fragrance of her shampoo filling his nose.
“Steve?”
Steve smiled and pressed his lips to the curve of Tony’s neck.  “I’m not lost,” he said.  “I know exactly where I am.”
Steve smiled.  “What’s the other thing?”
“Both.  Either.  Probably simultaneous, don’t you think?”
He hadn’t said it enough when they’d been together.  He knew that.  He
So, the party wasn’t as fun as it could have been--should have been--but it was still a lot more fun than he’d had lately, so Tony couldn’t complain. He hung out in the shallow end with Bruce, watching Clint and Rhodey take turns doing cannonballs into the deep water, and when he got tired of that, he tipped over Happy’s unicorn-shaped pool float and spent the next fifteen minutes staying just out of his reach before finally letting himself get caught and dunked underwater while everybody laughed.
wrong.
He had to hand it to New York:  even though it was a toilet, it sure was pretty when it snowed.
But Steve wasn’t here.
“You too.”
pick your Legos up?” he said, trying hard to keep his voice under control. He’d stepped on one of them already, the little peg of death drilling into his bare foot like a rusty nail, and while he technically knew he could put some shoes on, he didn’t think he should have to do that. That wasn’t the way they did things on lazy Saturdays in
“Thank god.”
“Yeah, and look at you,” he found himself saying.  “All bi-pedal.”
Tony held out his hand. “He’s a prince,” he said, as she put the cup into it. He sat up and sipped. It was hot, black, sweet. Perfect. He groaned. “Never mind,” he said. “I meant he’s a
Last chapter!
staring. He couldn’t help it. He stared a lot. Whenever Tony was in the room, he couldn’t help but stare.
,” he said, waving a hand toward the plate of iceberg, tomatoes, and cucumbers in front of his friend. “The salad you make is a wet-dream come to life. This is…” He picked out a soggy crouton and ate it. “Yeah. Right the first time. Sad.”
“I will not.”
,” Steve said, taking his hand. “What you said...it means a lot, sir. Thanks. Really.”
he thought. What would it hurt really, to sit here with him? Listen to whatever it was he had to say? In fact, he couldn’t deny that he felt a little curious. What could Howard Stark possibly have to say to him that he had not already said?
“Hi.”
“Mm-hmm,” Tony said, and rolled his hips against Steve’s. He inhaled sharply. “I feel something else too.”
The thud of Steve’s heart was a comforting beat.  Slow, soft, steady.  As upsetting as they’d been, for the time being, Tony had forgotten the things Steve had said.  He’d forgotten they were in a prison cell.  They could be anywhere.  The cabin, the Tower, Hawaii, Peru, fucking Antarctica.  It didn’t matter.  Steve planted a kiss on the top of his head.  His hand stole under the hem of Tony’s shirt and caressed his skin.  Tony lifted Steve’s other hand and kissed the pad of each finger, then the middle of the palm.
“How’d you know how to start that?  Summer camp?”
Steve’s shoulders fell even more. He was right. God, he was
Tony huffed.  But it was affectionate.
“I’ll let you go, Doc.  Thanks.”
“Let me give it to Jen, then,” Steve said.  “She’ll take it.”
Steve knew what he’d been doing to cope.  “Did
He patted her arm.  “No, honey.  But, I need to talk to your,” Tony swallowed, “
He nodded again.
Tony pulled his hand back.
“Where are you?”
One more to go. I know for sure because it is 99.9% written!
, making love then kissing and talking so sweetly in each other’s arms on the floor of the cell.
“Well-”
That was the thought that kept running through his mind.
Steve looked at the kid still leaning casually against the door frame, and shook his head. “No, Mr. Stane. Not at all.”
But then she pulled away, and although she was a bit breathless, she was just Nat, and he was just Steve, and they were what they had been and would always be--just friends.
had. That much was so obvious it had smacked him in the face the entire time they had spent in each other’s presence tonight. Steve had been cold. Steve had been distant. Steve had all but told him in plain old English that he wished Tony would just leave him alone, and still...here he was. Standing on this stoop in the almost-fall chill, lifting his hand to knock on the door. Watching in fascination as it rose, knocked three times, and fell.
He wiped his eyes again. “Good-bye.”
Tony laughed softly. “You don’t have to, though. He just needs to cool down. So do I. Then it’ll be fine.”
“He’s out of town for the Fourth.”
“Yup. That’s me,” Tony agreed, running his fingers through Steve’s hair in a continuous, soothing motion. And it was working. Steve’s shoulders eased, his breath lost that hitch that meant he was either crying, or trying not to. Just because it was having the opposite effect on Tony himself didn’t really matter. That he was growing more tense--more fearful--the want in him battling with his sense of right and wrong. His sense of commitment and loyalty. No. None of that mattered.
“But your little stunt at the prison has now made it difficult for me to get in and examine him.”
“I’m glad you think so, Ross,” Steve countered.  “‘Cause I’m not doing it for free.”
“Seriously?” Tony said.  “Seriously, Steve?  That’s what you think of me?”  He laughed, the sound cruel in his own ears.  “Well, I guess I’m flattered that you think I have the stamina to fuck all of my ‘causes’ like I was planning on fucking you.”
Tony laughed a little and shook his head.  “I guess?”  He scrubbed a hand through his damp hair.  “Christ, Steve, I don’t know.  It’s been a long few weeks.  I’m tired.”
“Beautiful.”
“That’s not true,” Tony said.  He moved his hands up to Steve’s hair, massaging and scratching his scalp.  Steve was melting, the tension running out of him like water.  That was the plan.  He was tense.  He’d been tense for days.  Too fucking tense for Tony’s taste.  Ever since Ross’ letter had come, he’d been wound way too tight.  Tony had been trying to get him to relax.  He’d been doing everything he could think of.  He’d even made him tea.  He’d even...
“It was perfect, Tony,” Steve said, and Tony nodded, smiling a little.
Tony kept his hold on Steve’s hand as he looked around. A few things had changed. There was a new chair in the corner by the window. A newer, larger television. But it felt the same. Like family and home. His eyes moved to the wall, and he drug Steve over to it. Sarah had hung a few new pictures. Steve and Sam in their caps and gowns at graduation. Steve and Sarah at the Grand Canyon, her arm around him, Steve smiling down at her instead of into the camera, oblivious of the natural surroundings. Just a kid looking at his mom.
“Interesting,” Strange said, and hung up.
“Alright, alright, smartass,” Tony said, flapping a hand at him.  “I thought we’d established that you are not funny.”
Tony’s hand shifted in his a bit, his fingers grasping Steve’s tighter. “Maybe...maybe you could do it again?” he asked. “I wasn’t ready last time. I think I missed most of it.”
Tony nodded and kissed her again. “Yeah,” he agreed. “We would. Next time, ‘kay?”
“So, you want me to take you to Sam’s?”
He’d run into Stephen Strange only once.
“Does Laura know?”
Tony, on the other hand, fit right in. Steve watched as he made his way from person to person, a word here, a joke there. In his tailored tuxedo and impeccably-knotted tie, it was easy to see that Tony Stark had been made for this. Where Steve was stiff and shy, Tony was fluid grace and easy banter. He had a way of drawing a person in, and when his countenance fell on someone, they lit up from the inside. Steve had seen it happen--had been lucky enough to have it happen to him. Being seen by Tony Stark, was akin to being seen by god.
Tony laughed.  He wasn’t mad.  Had never really been mad.  How could anyone be mad at Steve?  How could anyone be mad at the one good thing in their life?  The one pure thing, the one thing that made their entire existence worthwhile?
Steve opened his eyes, terror in them.  “Cold.  It’s cold, Tony, help me, please.”
“What?” Steve murmured. He sounded almost drugged, and Tony kissed him again.
“Please?  I’ll be super-quiet.  I’ll be more than super-quiet, I’ll be super-silent.”
Hunt smiled at Steve.  Tears streamed down his face as he straightened his shoulders to attention.  His hand came up to his forehead in a crisp, perfect salute.
“Hey,” Steve said, giving him a squeeze. “Are you really worried about this?”
“Sure…?” she answered, and now the curiosity had shot up a few notches. “What for?”
Steve turned to look at it, surprise and a slight wariness filling him. No one knocked on their door past ten o’clock. No one really knocked on their door at all, except Mrs. Perkins every once in a while, or the landlord when there was a repair to be made. Not even Sam knocked. Steve had given him a key. He just used that when he came over.
“You sure?”
“Ugh,” Tony muttered, “you’re a terrible cuddler, Rogers.” He stood up and settled himself in Nat’s lap instead. She curled one arm around his waist and the other over his shoulder. “Oh, that’s better,” Tony said. “Take a lesson, Cap.”
hadn’t forced Ross to drug him, and use him, and torture him for over a fucking year.  That had been Thaddeus, himself.  Good, old fucking Thaddeus “Thunderbolt” Ross.  Whatever consequences he faced, he’d brought them on himself.
Steve took him to bed.
He kissed Tony’s hand one final time, lingering with his lips on the base of his thumb, then took it away from his mouth. He didn’t let go of it, though. He kept holding it in both of his own, and when Tony had to steal it back to down-shift on the turns, Steve took it back again when he was done, and when they stopped at a small country store to buy drinks and sandwiches, Steve held it in his as often as he could. He ignored the offended looks a couple of people in the store gave them. They didn’t matter. What mattered was that Tony didn’t let go either. What mattered was that Tony called him ‘baby’ when he asked him what kind of sandwich he wanted, and if he wanted mustard or mayo. What mattered was Tony. The light he gave off. The warmth. What mattered was that it belonged to him again.
Steve tried to cheer him up.
happy.
“‘Kay.”
He let out a breath. That relief, though...that felt good.
rotten on a regular basis. Just on special occasions and weeks like these. He also stopped at the art supply store. Morgan had a lot of stuff already, but Steve had promised her some glitter markers, and he wanted to get them for her before tomorrow. He stopped at a flower stand and bought his mom a bouquet. He always did. It was tradition.
“Hey.  You okay?”
to do with this.”
designed him.”
Steve left the house two and a half hours later. He was exhausted, but he felt like it was worth it. Tony had been right. It had been a very rewarding experience.
Sarah stood up suddenly and came to him. She put her hands on his shoulders. “Let’s go to a movie,” she said decisively. “It won’t do either of us any good to sit here all day thinking about it. Let’s go out.”
Steve squeezed his hand and let it go. “‘Kay.”
get back,
Realization dawned and he could not suppress a laugh.  “You don’t mean--?”
“What?”
He’d cried a little then. He wasn’t a baby--he was almost twelve now!--and he knew it was stupid and he shouldn’t cry over someone he had really only known for a year, but he couldn’t help it. For that year, that long, glorious, whirlwind year, Tony Stark had been the best thing he had. The brightest spot in an otherwise dark existence where his father was dead, his mother worked too much, and Steve himself had no other friends, and no desire to try and make friends. An existence where he was angry all the time. Hurting all the time. Confused all the time. An existence where he felt something inside himself crying out for someone, something--
Tony laughed.  “No.  Jeff...he’s not my...anything.  Well, I mean, he’s my friend.  He’s on my bowling team.”
Steve nodded, tilted Tony’s face up with one finger so he could kiss him once again. “I promise,” he said. “I promise, I promise, I promise.”
“But what?”
Steve tried to think about it. It was hard. Lying like this with Tony, sometimes his mind felt a little fuzzy, but this seemed important to Tony, so he tried to focus. “I know Rhodey doesn’t think I’m good enough for you,” he said slowly, “but I hope he doesn’t hate me.” He lifted his head finally, worry piercing the softness in his head. “He doesn’t, does he? Hate me? God, Tony, does he hate me?”
“What is it?  Talk to me?”
“Tell him he still has family.  And we need him back.”
Steve was quiet for a minute, his arms tightening again, then his voice, dark and soft, “I still remember the way to the lake house,” he said. “It’s still not too late to run away.”
“Bullshit,” Tony said, slipping his hand under Steve’s shirt.  His skin was so soft there.  How could his skin always be so damn soft there?  “I’ve seen your picture.  You were cute as a button.”
Tony put his arm around Wanda’s shoulders.  “No way, Rogers.  We’ve got way too much to talk about.”
Tony shook his head. He was tired. Flustered now, too, Steve’s disappointment, and the fact that he hadn’t slept in over thirty hours finally catching up with him. “I don’t even know what time it is,” he said.
“Cagey?  Was that a pun or just a coincidence?”
“I know, this economy’s hard on everyone,” Tony said solemnly into the phone.  “It’s the small businesses that get hit the hardest.”  He walked past Steve, prowling the room with his phone in his hand, his eyes far away.  He was, Steve was sure, conjuring a mental picture of his new-found confidante.  Giving him a face, a persona, hell, a
“Done.”
"You're not buying me a private island," Steve said. "You're not buying me anything. I have more than I know what to do with right now," he said, and gestured around the room as if it was stuffed with magnificent treasures instead of being filled with a whole lot of nothing.
Steve touched his face.  “Not for the last couple weeks, but usually, yeah.”
He tapped on the door. “Steve?” he called. “Here’s your clothes, okay?”
She wrote her number on a piece of paper and tore if off her pad.  “Call me,” she said.  “Easy or rough, I’ll take it either way.”
“You’re coming to the reception, aren’t you?”
Steve threw the last couple of t-shirts into the box on top of his text-books and taped it closed. It was hot in here. Really hot. It made sense, he supposed--it
was the one who belonged to Steve now.
"Honey, where are you going?"
She’s great. You’re doing great.”
“Yup.”
Thor pulled out the chair next to him and sat down.  He leaned Stormbreaker against the table between them.  “May I see?”
Steve glanced at him. “Really?”
“And I plead the Fifth.”
“The hardest part will be getting him out of them again.  He’s pretty proud of that ass,” he said, and he left on their laughter.
Tony jerked his hand out of Natasha’s.  Anger and hurt battled inside him, vying for dominance.  It didn’t really matter which won.  It all came down to the same thing.
Morgan pet Steve’s cheek, scrutinizing him. “That will look weird.”
. Hot and stuffy in his stupid, fucking office, wearing his stupid, fucking suit and tie, and shouldn’t there be a moratorium on jackets and ties in the summer? Even with the central air on and the sun hours down, it was still muggy and miserable.
Strange stood impassively by.  If he felt left out, he didn’t show it, but after a few seconds, he did seem to get impatient.  He cleared his throat and said, “We really do need to do this if we are going to.  It’s getting late and I don’t know how long it will take.”
That’s what he was doing now. Sitting in the cafeteria, reading his book, drinking his coffee--which actually wasn’t bad, considering it was a hospital--and eating his muffin. He had scanned the room and the other diners when he came in, clocking the exits and sizing people up, before settling in the corner, his back to the walls like he normally did. He didn’t think about that. It just happened anywhere he went. It drove Pietro crazy. He always got a little irritated when Steve insisted on a corner when they went out to dinner, or the back row in a movie theater, but Steve couldn’t help it. He didn’t like the thought of someone coming up behind him. Pietro said he was being “overly cautious”. Steve thought he might be right, but he couldn’t stop himself from doing it. He just didn’t like leaving his six open like that.
There was no answer.
The kid stepped back. He was young and skinny, his red uniform shirt billowing around him. The ghost of adolescent acne on his cheeks flamed even as the color drained from them. “Come on, man,” he pleaded gruffly.
No, instead he laid there with his friends around him, laughing and talking, and after a while, he stood up, said goodnight, and headed back down the stairs. He didn’t go to the lab this time. He didn’t detour to walk past Steve’s rooms like he’d done every night for the last couple weeks either, he just went straight to his own.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve looked at his hands.
He got up, ducked quickly into the bathroom where he took a quick pee, washed his hands, washed his face, and brushed his teeth. His mind whirled the entire time, but when he was finished, he felt a little more calm, a little more composed, and he followed the sound of soft voices and laughter into the dining room.
First Bucky, then Peggy, and now all these years later, here he was with a new team, new friends, and the cycle was starting again. Because after Sokovia, Bruce was gone, and no one had seen or heard from Thor since then either. Was it any wonder Steve had become so obsessive about keeping his eyes on the team?
“Anytime.”
“Absolutely not,” he said firmly.
Tony laughed.  That was a scarily apt assessment, but not an easily-answerable question.  Because,
“Come on, it wasn’t that bad.”
“You take care of me,” he said simply.  “And not just feeding me and clothing me and making sure I take a shower, although, Christ knows, you’ve done all those things.”
“Daddy’s grumpy again,” Tony told the cat.
“Way past.”
Bucky laughed a little, and it seemed like some of the tension between them dissipated.  They didn’t become friends in the moment, but Tony felt like they weren’t enemies anymore, and that was a good feeling.
“Oh, thank Christ,” Clint declared. “I was getting really tired of pretending to care about all that science-y shit.”
“Or maybe you just have a dirty mind.”
It was late when they got back to the Tower.  There had been no recurrence of that electrical feeling between them either at the diner or at the bar they’d went to for drinks afterward.  Instead there had been easy talk and laughter.  A couple of people stopped Tony for selfies, and he indulged each one.  Nobody asked Steve.  Without the shield, he was just another guy, but Tony Stark was Tony Stark with or without the armor.
He went into the kitchen and filled a bowl with water. Dodger lapped it up while Steve put his coat on and found Dodger’s leash in a basket by the front door.
together.
Natasha came next, then Clint, and the pair curled up together on the same chair, Clint’s head on her shoulder, Nat’s arm curled protectively around him.  Scott came in next and perched on the counter with a cup of coffee.  Nebula followed and sat at the table, her black eyes moving restlessly.  They only settled when Tony and Rhodey came into the room.  Tony sat next to her and nodded in response to her silent questions.  She squeezed his wrist with fingers made from Tony’s own nanotech and relaxed.  A little.
“I live to serve.”
“Yeah?”
probably wasn’t feeling anything.
“There’s something coming in from the Southeast quadrant.”
“Nothing,” Steve said quietly. “Just...I still think I need that break.”
“Me too.”
“Mandatory, huh?”
“No, I’m going to frame it and hang it in the living room.  Show that Chagall in there who’s boss.”
“Good memory,” Tony said softly.
“For a minute.”
“No.”
And it was hard. Harder than he would have ever thought possible. His breath came in shallow little gasps as Tony continued to touch him, continued to let his finger travel over his body. He never would have thought that not being able to watch what Tony was doing would have such an effect on him, but it did. His nerves felt frayed, his muscles tense to the trembling point under Tony’s light touch. He tried to control that too, but he couldn’t quite do it, and maybe that was okay. Maybe Tony needed to know that as hard as Steve tried, he was still affected.
Tony gave him a withering look over his shoulder, but slid off of Steve’s lap. He took his hand away from his mouth too. Tony had a feeling he might have overstepped a line here. A line that he was not one hundred percent sure who had drawn. And maybe he immediately missed the feeling of closeness between them, the way Steve’s chest had felt pressed up against his own, the beat of his heart, the heat of his breath, the sparkle in his eyes, but Tony would never tell anyone that. He’d just keep it to himself. Being with Steve--really being
They stood up together and before she could leave, Steve cupped the back of her head and kissed her mouth.  It was brief and soft and weighed his heart with loss, but he had to do it.  She returned his kiss.  Her lips tasted of good-bye.
Tony fell into her arms. Neither of them looked at Howard as they embraced. “Thanks, Mrs. Rogers,” he whispered.
“Yeah.”
And the ending was always the same.
“‘Nothing’ my ass. Come on, Steve. What’s going on with you?”
Sarah nodded, brushed away a stray tear. “Okay.”
She must have sent it to both of them, because all of a sudden, there were tiny tears in the corners of Clint’s eyes.
“Do I?” he asked.  “‘Cause I don’t think so.  I think if you’re not working, you go crazy.  There’s so much in your head, so much stuff in there, if you don’t have something to focus on you start to fall to pieces.”  He was talking faster now, the words spilling out of him.  “You’ve got the biggest heart of anybody I ever met,” Steve went on, “but I’m not an MIT grad student.  I’m not a small-town pizza man.  I’m not a-a
Tony moved next to him, but didn’t touch, just let his eyes move over him, drinking him in.  He had seen him shirtless before, but never without blood or bruises or bandages covering him.  Never lit only from the moon shining through the window and the ethereal blue glow of his own reactor.  Never so close that he could touch--or taste--him.
“My kind,” Steve answered simply. “Me.”
Tony melted back against him, clasping Steve’s hand in his, using it to hold him tight. “I hate that you’re right,” he whispered, and tipped his head back onto Steve’s shoulder, just enough that he could lick a little stripe along his throat.
She slanted him a smile.  “To deal with you.”
“Is he inside?”
Sam wiped his eyes and shook his head. “Don’t be a baby,
Steve curled tighter, tears falling.  He didn’t look at Tony.  He couldn’t.
in pink over a painted sun-set.  Ten bucks from a street-vendor.  Tony had bought it for her, had sucked her nipples through it that night while thinking of Steve rocking up against his knee.  Old dog, indeed.
from people when it got late.  When there’s no chance of actually sleeping near someone, there was really no point in going to bed at all.
He smiled and a blush rose up on his cheeks. That didn’t happen very often, but he kind of loved it. “I love you too.”
He looked for Tony, but both he and Dodger were gone, along with Dodger’s leash that usually hung beside the door. Tony must have taken him out. Steve went into the bathroom, showered, and finally shaved his beard away. It felt weird looking in the mirror afterward. Looked a little weird, too. Just like Morgan had said.
“I must have walked for a long time,” he said. “I kept thinking--except it wasn’t like thinking. It was like I was back there, you know? Back in the desert. It was warm today, but I remember I felt
he thought, then quashed it, feeling amused and guilty in equal measure.  “Thanks, Sam,” he said.
would die alone.
Morgan got over any shyness she felt as soon as they stepped into the main aquarium building and saw the giant replica of a pirate ship.
Cool hand.  Blue eyes over him.  Kind.  Worried.
“Sure.”
But Tony pulled away.
“Good-night.”
knew how clever Morgan was too.
He stared hard at Bruce, his eyes slitted, mouth turned down.  “Explain ‘freaky’.”
He couldn't hold on to happiness because he wasn't
“Yeah.”  He shrugged into his coat and picked up his ball.  “What do you think?  Chinese
It was nothing like war.  Nothing like a fight or a mission, but watching him use the razor, Tony was reminded forcibly of how he used the shield, not like it was a separate thing, but like it was a part of him, an extension of his own body.  There was an easy confidence to the way he used one hand to pull his skin taut before gliding the blade down it in smooth, unhurried strokes, his hands knowing exactly how much pressure to apply, exactly how to angle that shiny, deadly blade to the vulnerable skin of his throat.  And that was like the shield, too.  It was a peculiar magic, the way he used it, always taking its return as a matter of fact, always just knowing it would be in his hands when he wanted it.
“So what? So what does-”
“It sure felt like you won in Siberia.”
“Between you and I.” Clipped. Measured.
Tony struggled under Steve and sat him up against the wall.  He was still shaking, but his eyes were closed now.  His breath seemed to come a little easier.  Tony touched his face, caressed his cheek, his hair.  “Baby.  Hey, come on, big guy, come back to me.  Open your eyes.”
He felt better once Steve was there.
Tony reached out and grasped Steve’s arm. He slid his hand up his bicep, feeling it up beneath his jacket, feeling how hard it was, how big. “Yeah,” he mused, squeezing it experimentally. “You’re probably right. There’s nothing here worth writing home about.”
“Stop calling me ‘sir’,” Steve said sharply, and the guard snapped unconsciously to attention.  Like Tony, he knew a command when he heard it.
“Rough day?”
Steve. Steve Rogers.
Steve looked up, and for some reason, was totally unsurprised.  He hadn't really known why he'd come outside, why he'd come out the side door and not the front entrance, but he knew now.  He knew as soon as he saw Clint sitting on the railing a little way down from the door. He knew. "Hey, Clint."
“‘Kay,” Steve answered, but made no move to get out. The tears from earlier were back. He didn’t want to cry. He’d cried enough. He bit his lip, breathing through it, trying to keep them at bay. He brushed them away with one covert fist, and then unbuckled his seat-belt. “Guess I’ll see you at graduation,” he mumbled.
Steve put his arms around Tony’s shoulders, loving just how easily they fit around him. Like the way Tony’s hand had felt tucked into his own earlier. How it had felt so
Seventeen days.  Four hundred eight hours.  Dozens of forms to fill out.  Countless curse-words aimed at everyone from Doctor Strange, to Rhodey, to Bruce--but never the nurses.  Tony was infinitely sweet to them--for not letting him work remotely from his bed. Two threats of divorce when Steve refused to just pack him up and spirit him away from this fucking room.
, maybe, but basically the same.
“No, FRI,” he said.  “I’m alright.  Just tired, I guess.”
Sam shook his head.  “I know we were just saying he was like a tiger in a cage, but he’s not an animal.  He’s human.  He might be the most human out of all of us.  Maybe all of us combined.  Maybe that’s why Ross hates him so much.”
The blush got darker. “Yeah.”
Tony sighed, then picked his phone up to message Steve.
“Tell her hi for me?”
“It’s okay,” he said, nudging him back. “It’s nice of her, really.”
And that broke him. Not that he was really angry in the first place. Upset and nervous more than anything.
I'm thinking there's one more chapter left. I think i can squeeze it into one, anyway. Look for it next week. Love you all!!
“He did?”
There was no meanness in it, just a tinge of sadness.  Those Girl Scouts had been nice.
Right up until the precise moment he wasn’t, he was okay.
Steve struggled toward consciousness, shedding the nightmare like a snake shedding a skin, forcing his way up from those writhing, ebony depths.  Baby? Had he
“We've been through this. I don’t want you to wait, Tony,” Steve said. “That’s too much pressure. On both of us. It’s not-”
“Are you sure you’re not sad?” she asked, and Tony sighed, smiling a little. Sadly.
“From pouting to begging? I don’t know,” Steve said, but he did know. He’d known the second Tony asked. If it was what Tony wanted, he’d figure out a way to do it. Even if it meant encountering Howard Stark again after all this time, he’d figure it out. For Tony, he’d figure it out.
“You don’t wanna check for yourself?”
"They found him in Central Park," Strange said. "FRIDAY called in medical after he was shot, and they arrived on the scene, stabilised him as much as they could, then transported him here.  When they couldn't reach you, they called Pepper. She called Colonel Rhodes. Natasha found out somehow--I'm not exactly sure how--and met us here."
“Guess we will.”
Tony’s parents had never hung photos on the walls. They had a Picasso, and a Dali, and a painted portrait of Maria that Howard had commissioned after she died, but no family pictures. Tony stood in front of them, smiling a little at a tiny, three-year-old Steve sitting in a pile of green Christmas paper, Steve at eight standing astride a bicycle, him as a baby wrapped in a blanket, a dozen others.
“I’d be happy to talk to the Chamber of Commerce,” Tony offered, doing the head-tilt that usually sealed the deal, unconsciously.  “My friend and I will be here for at least a few months.  We should be involved in the town’s recovery.”
kisses...
“Hey,” Tony said from above him.
Bucky shook his head, still smiling a little, but Steve could see the lines around his eyes intensifying. “Would
Steve looked up, worry writ large on his face.  “Uh, I--it doesn’t matter.  Whichever, I guess.”
He nodded, his fingers curling into Steve’s arm. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m fine.” He leaned forward and touched Steve’s hair, cupped his cheek. “Are
Tony picked up a wrench and tapped it against the table.  She was right.  Steve liked the squirrel.  He thought it was funny.  “Probably not.”  He paused, still tapping the wrench restlessly.  “Where is Steve, FRI?  What’s he up to?”
“It’s okay,” Steve said.  “I’ll be okay.  I’m still going.”
Natasha laughed, softly.  “You’re such a tease.”
They stood in line and loaded their trays with food, then went to Steve and Sam’s usual table. Tony slid in easily beside Steve, edging a bit closer than perhaps was necessary, still lost in conversation with Sam.
“On your way now, kid,” he said.  “Be careful driving back in the dark, yeah?”
The corner of Steve’s mouth quirked up just the tiniest bit. He took his keys out of his pocket. “Then let’s go inside,” he said. “And you can put Morgan to bed. Then we can go to bed.”
Steve smiled his half-smile.  “I wanted to.  I
not a flower-man.”
“Indeed.”
“I will.”
“Distance yourself.”
Steve gave him a tiny smile, just a tilt of his lip and a shy eye, but it was enough to send Tony’s stomach up into his throat. “I already stay here all the time.”
“That was not your fault,” she flashed out.  “Don’t you ever say that.  You, and Carol, and Thor, and St-” she stopped, took a breath, and started again.  “You saved us all.  If not for you, half the universe would still be gone.  If not for you…” she looked down at her hands, into the dark depths of the cup between them.  When she met his eyes again, they were filled with steel.  “If not for you, Steve would be dead.”
Someone else was already in the pool.
“No,” Tony said, scattering tiny kisses across Steve’s neck.  “Please.  Just do it.”
He nodded in answer.
“Hey,” Peter laughed.  “Watch your language.”
“‘Kay. And I’ll meet you at Mom’s tonight?”
“I’m not sensing anything, boss, but be wary.  My assessment of the situation--and the man--suggests he probably has a firearm somewhere near him now.”
He nodded frantically.  Natasha didn’t look down at him, but she heard him, and she saw some of the tension go out of Clint’s shoulders.
“‘Cause she and I...kind of a package deal.” Tony squeezed Steve tight--very tight--then let him go. Except for his hand. He kept holding his hand. He looked down at it, plucked a little at the skin there. “I guess that’s why I was worried you wouldn’t call me,” he said softly. “We never talked about that. If that was okay with you.”
He didn’t do that again.
of him. He urged him closer and kissed his mouth. He didn’t move away afterward, just let their lips brush together as he spoke. “I’ve just been thinking about this for so long,” he said. “Wanting this for so long.”
With that in his head, he drug some sweats and a t-shirt on.  Sleep was over for a while.  He was too tired to change the sheets and not tired enough to sleep in there without changing them.  Thank god for the lab.
“Nice.  Soft.”
He turned it up the long dirt driveway and let it coast down toward the house.  It was small, but the lake was big and mirror-flat.  The dock was there, just like he remembered, and the tall grasses contained in the rock wall were lush and green.  There were wildflowers, a million of them painting the fields in real-life Monet watercolors.  He shut the engine off and the quiet pressed in.
“Well, it’s definitely quiet.”
“How old are you?” he asked.
“I know a place.  It’s an old-timey diner.  Right up your alley.  They have amazing fried chicken, and since Barton ate my KFC…”
Peter opened it and looked inside.  His eyes bulged comically.  “Holy
“Stephen--”
Tony kept one hand in his hair, tugging at the golden strands.  The other settled on a muscular thigh and slid along it, stopping just short of where he really wanted it, afraid, even with Steve’s arms around him and his tongue in his mouth, of pushing him farther than he was ready to go.
Steve hitched in a breath, let it out shakily.
?” Tony whispered, and his eyes shot to Steve’s face.  He didn’t meet Tony’s eyes.  His own had dropped to his hands, loosely clasped between his knees.  “Steve?” Tony said.  “What is this?”
seeing everything, translating it into color and shape and shade, and he hated himself for it. Hated himself for seeing everything as he would see it in a painting made by a meticulous, perfecting hand.
Steve nodded.  “I just...I wasn’t expecting to see you and I, um, I didn’t sleep very well in there.”  He tried to smile and strain-lines appeared instead.  “I want to make sure what I say is what I mean.  You know?”
“You put it there,” he said, pouting more. Doing it on purpose. Making it obvious. “Make it up to me,” Tony demanded, and grasped Steve’s cock again, felt it jump a bit in his hand.
He knocked on the door at exactly 6:59 pm.
“Uh-huh,” Tony said. “Can I come in?”
Tony nodded. Five minutes.
But he was here. He might suck, but he was here. Waiting. Watching for Tony, watching for Morgan, wishing to god he had brought Dodger, because even if Tony
Tony reached over and flipped the covers down on the left side of the bed.  “Come on,” he said.  “Come to bed.”
“Your feet still in there? Still got all your toes?”
Sam hugged him one more time, then left, closing the door softly behind him. Tony ran his hands through his hair and sighed. He glanced around at the room. The layout was similar to the Rogers apartment upstairs, and it felt just as comfortable as those rooms always had.
Howard grinned, and it made him look young. Even more like Tony. “He absolutely would. And just between you and I, that’s what I would prefer. But, it’s up to him. That will be his choice when the time comes.”
“Come on,” Tony coaxed, and shook his jacket again like a kid, making Steve smile a little. “I like you. I don’t care about any of this. I don’t want you to care about any of it either, okay?”
The contempt.
“It’s okay.”
Steve went rigid for a moment, then relaxed.  "It's okay."
“No, sir.”
Tony sighed harshly and raised his eyes to the ceiling.  They looked suspiciously bright.
He was standing in his old Captain America stance.  Big, bold, not giving an inch.  His head was high.  His face stony.  Even in jeans, battered old sneakers, and a simple black sweater, he cut an imposing figure.  It helped he’d put a little weight back on.  Ten pounds.  All solid muscle.
Steve took a deep breath, then sat down.  He exhaled, just sitting for a minute, then slowly brought his legs up onto the bed and settled against the headboard.  His eyes were closed.
“For what?”
“Mm-hmm,” Tony hummed, and mouthed at his earlobe. “And that cedar rose bath oil you like?”
“You saw Sam?” Tony asked as Rhodey started the coffee.  “How is he?  It’s been a few months since I saw him.”
Tony nodded. His mouth was still right there. Neither moved away. They just breathed together, lips brushing together as they spoke. “She loved it.”
Steve was silent for a long time.  Tony kept his arms around him, stayed as close to him as possible.  He was terrified of what Steve would say, terrified that he would turn him away, so he just gripped him harder, waiting to hear his fate.
Steve stood back up. His fingers went to his temples and he rubbed them, thumb on one side, middle finger on the other. His hands were big enough to do that comfortably. They’d always been big. Strong. “When?” he asked, he eyes closed, and Tony picked up the thread of the conversation as if they’d never dropped it in the first place.
“Yeah, you’re going to have to come with us next time,” Tony agreed. “We might need some adult supervision.”
“Younger than me!” Tony burst out, but his heart was starting to feel very light.
“Guess so.” He nodded at the pool. “You found time to swim, though. That’s good.”
“I won’t take anything--” Steve said plainly.
“You okay, baby?” Tony asked, but Steve didn’t answer.
it, so if you decide that just being friends is what you want, then that’s okay.  If I can just be near you, just see you and talk to you.  It doesn’t have to be every day, even, just sometimes.  If that’s what you decide you want, if that’s enough for you, I can make it be enough for me.  I’ve made it be enough for me for years.  I can keep doing it, I can.  As long as you let me be close to you, I can love you quietly.  No one will know.”
“At least tell me if it was good or bad news.”
Tony sighed.  “I was hacking some of Ross’ files.  I ran across it.”
The voice was Tony’s on top, but underneath, it was Natasha’s too. And Sam’s. And the kind, motherly waitress from the diner, and his boss from the factory a long time ago, who used to bring enough food for Steve to share when he noticed Steve never brought a lunch to work. And it was Steve’s voice too.
He grabbed his bag and headed away.
A kiss between his shoulder blades.
“Yeah,” Steve agreed. “Fast.”
“Maybe it is,” he agreed.
“I know, Steve,” he soothed, and put his hand on the back of Steve’s neck, guiding him again until his forehead was pressed against Tony’s flat stomach. “I know. We’ll get there, okay? In a minute. Just breathe for me right now, though, ‘kay? Breathe. Relax.” He smoothed his hand through Steve’s hair, petting him almost as if he was a cat sitting on his lap, and Steve felt himself responding in spite of himself. Felt coiled muscles begin to loosen. Tension he hadn’t even known he was carrying began to ease. His head felt heavier where it rested against Tony...but not in a bad way. Heavy the way his limbs felt heavy when Tony climbed into the bathtub behind him and washed his hair with sweet-smelling shampoo, or when he massaged his shoulders at the end of the day, or when he held him while they lay in bed together at night. The heavy that meant he was finally able to rest. Finally able to put things aside for a little while. Finally right where he was meant to be.
Pepper nodded almost imperceptibly, laid her cool hand against his cheek, then called, “Stephen?  Will you come here, please?”
"You know," Tony said, "some people think that's a symbol for racism.  The rabies? And that Atticus taking him down is a good thing."
“I love you.”
Ross said nothing, just sat stoic, looking at him.
Only Tony.
Steve sighed into his mouth. “Tony,” he said. “I’d better go make up the couch.”
“There.  That buckle thing.”
Tony took them and scrutinized the damage.  He peeled gauze off the roll.  “I don’t know why you won’t just let me make you gauntlets,” he muttered while he smoothed cream over the torn skin.
Tony flushed with shame.  “That’s not fair, Steve.  We didn’t even know each other.”
.  He
“Hi,” he said.
Thanks for reading and commenting! See you in a few days with the next chapter!
“Don’t you dare drag him down to your level, Stark,” she said.  “You don’t--”
“Did you see me trip when I was going up the stairs?  That wasn’t too embarrassing, right?”
“I know you do.”
“A break. You want to take a break.”
“I’m here.”
She shook her head.  “Good-bye, Tony.”
Ross’ mouth twisted with disgust.  “Will you kindly
Dugan nodded, and Steve started back the way they had come, carrying Bucky on his back. The other men in his unit were with him. He could hear them coming along behind him, could hear their hushed voices, their shuffling steps. Steve blocked them out. He didn’t want to hear. He didn’t want to see. He kept his eyes forward.
Bucky ran a quick hand over his face, his eyes.  “Anyway, I just wanted you to know that I don’t worry about him anymore.  At least not about him being happy.  I don’t have to.  ‘Cause you’re worrying about that now.  Right?”
“I mean come get you.  Pack your shit.  Take you home.  Come get you.”
Steve let out a breath, let more of the stress of the day out on that exhale. “I’ve been missing him too.”
Sam shook his head. “Stupid,” he muttered. But he was still smiling.
Tony thought, as he fell into her waiting arms.  It was his last coherent thought, Steve’s arms and his soft mouth, the last tangible things he felt.
“Yes,” Tony answered immediately. “I want you to.”
Steve nodded. “Yeah,” he answered. “Yeah, okay. If you don’t mind. That’d be great.”
“No, you were right,” Steve said.
Steve furrowed his brow. “Are you okay?” He touched the little cut in the corner of Tony’s mouth gingerly. “You’re not really hurt, are you?”
Steve sniffed a little, wiped his cheek with the cuff of his shirt. “Mom?”
Pietro grabbed his bag and headed for the door. “I will, honey. I promise. Love you.”
“Uh-huh.”
“Look, Tony,” he said, “no movies tonight, okay?”
Eyes still closed, Steve took the hand from his hair, held it in his, brought it to his mouth, kissed the fingers, the palm, the forearm.  He opened his eyes now, finally daring to look, and
“Hey,” Tony said, crossing the room. He gestured at the tub. “Room for me?”
Steve snaked his hand toward him and grasped his wrist.  He caressed the inner part with his thumb.  “Five minutes, Tony,” he mumbled.  “Then I want you back here.”
Steve cleared his throat and looked at his watch. “I’ve got seven-fifteen,” he said, and the kid rolled his eyes extravagantly.
is telling me everything.”
“Yeah, you are.”
“Pancakes are yucky,” she said, and yawned hugely.
I feel about it,” he said. “It’s exciting. And scary. And...I don’t know.” He reached up and cupped the back of Steve’s neck. “All I know is that you can’t stop. Ever, okay? This is-” his eyes strayed to the canvas again, “-this is not something you keep to yourself, Steve.”
And Steve felt it, too.
Tony looked around warily in the headlights’ glow.  Everything seemed to have taken a subtle, stealthy step, throwing the entire house off-kilter.  “Steve?” he said, and took a step into the living room.  The headlights only penetrated so far.  After a few steps, the entire cabin was lost in an abyss of shadows.
“Does he remember?  What happened?”
It was nice knowing he could just leave them to do their work. Nice knowing he didn’t have to be there to hold their hands. Especially when there was someone here who might need a hand to hold on to today.
that I want more than to be alone with you.  If it were up to me, we would be alone every minute of every day for the rest of our lives.”
“Oh, sweet Jesus,” he muttered. “You-” He stopped. Swallowed, as his eyes raked Steve over. His hair, combed perfectly back, glinted gold in the bright lights. Those eyes, blue and bright, high cheekbones, red lips. His shoulders--those ridiculous shoulders that Tony had never quite been able to fathom even now that he was allowed to touch them whenever he wanted--seemed somehow broader, his waist even trimmer underneath the close-fitting weave of the thin black sweater he had on. Steve’s jeans were dark too, not black, but a dark indigo that hung so easily from his body that Tony thought he put every single model he had ever seen walk the runway--or taken to bed--to shame.
Steve leaned down and kissed him again. It was soft, but long, as if he was imprinting it into his memory. Tony hoped that was what he was doing. He knew that’s what
