“Same. I’m glad as well.” He looked up at Sherlock. “Do you? Believe in ghosts, I mean?”
Once we arrived, I demanded to see Watson alone. This brought protests from Gregson, the other Inspector involved. “He’ll tell him what to say.”
“Hush. Did you really expect that you could walk out dressed like that and come home smelling of perfume? Did you not expect to find me waiting for you?”
No Major Character Death.
They had lunch, and then a few drinks. Soon he was pouring out all of his misadventures, bitterly confessing that he wished he’d never married, that he wouldn’t make that choice if he had it to do over, and that he was ready to move on, even if it meant starting over from scratch.
“All the people I might introduce you to already know about us. I’ve been open with everyone I know.”
He remembers his relief at passing the class, his shame at receiving the lowest possible passing mark. And he did learn a lesson from it all. But he certainly had never considered what he might have learned if he had just accepted Holmes’s offer.
He motions that I should sit down on the bed. “Somewhere. I forgot.”
“Fine.” He has no intention of doing this, but Harry isn’t really hearing him. Even so, it can’t hurt to talk to Ella. Or maybe there are therapists that specialise in whatever he is. A confused bisexual who might be in love with his gay flatmate.
Besides, he’s been thinking about the stuff he left behind when he went to Afghanistan. It isn’t much; he’s never accumulated a lot of possessions, and none of it meant anything, but he remembers putting it into a couple of boxes and asking Harry if she would keep it for him. He should have asked her when he returned, but he was in hospital for a while. And the bedsit doesn’t have room for much. And then he just forgot.
“I’m trying.” You’re crying too, the tears leaving tracks in the grime on your face. “I didn’t think it would take so long. I’m so tired, John. I couldn’t bring you with me, but every night I imagine you, and sometimes you’re here, like this, talking to me. These are the dreams that keep me going, that let me pretend I can come back to you someday, that you’ll open your arms and take me back. I want this to be real. I’ve loved you so long, John. But sometimes it’s so hard, I just want to lie down and not get up.”
“Hello, Harry.” He didn’t smile, but gave her a small nod. “I was just telling Clara—“
tell me.”
He gave her a bashful smile. “No, I have not had the privilege of music lessons. And you?”
The silence is longer this time. Watson has made questionable choices in his own life, done things he regretted. Would he do them again? Probably. At fifteen, sixteen, no one is mature enough to understand consequences. Survival is the strongest instinct. They’ve both survived, doing what they had to do. Regretting the past doesn’t change what happened.
(ii) Unrequited
And there’s the marriage certificate. Obviously bogus, but maybe it’s Sherlock’s way of saying,
“The lady is not wealthy. She can afford two thousand pounds, but seven is beyond her resources.”
He’s still thinking about Molly when he arrives at his cottage. He makes tea and takes the urn down from the mantel. Sitting in his chair, he sets it on the table in front of him.
isn’t a thing. Sex is what gives you both pleasure, whether it involves penetration or not. Every couple has a different way of making love.”
“Sit, Watson,” I said. “We will soon see who it is.”
“Any good?”
It’s been two months.
“No. It has chicken and… you know… things. Parsnips. Or carrots. Vegetable things. And you cook it in wine.”
He rolled his eyes, then turned his attention to his phone. “Thank you.” He smiled and rang off. “I was right. They wouldn’t give me his cab number, but they confirmed the name.”
He experiments a bit, inserting one finger and reaching for the prostate. John moans. He doesn’t intend to fully penetrate John tonight, though, just to open his mind a bit to the possibility.
“She’s been wonderful, actually. I think she likes my boyfriend more than she likes me.” This elicits a few chuckles.
Deciding not to address the fact that Harry is his sister, not his brother, or acknowledge that she has indeed left her girlfriend and started drinking again, he goes straight to the point. “Why are you here?”
But he and Holmes are nothing to one another, not even friends. They have their own, separate lives, even if the last couple of days have been spent together. And jealousy isn’t about love. If he loved Sherlock, he would know it. He would feel— well, it’s not. Jealousy is about wanting. Wanting to have. John doesn’t even know what he wants. And he certainly doesn’t
But the luck he once took for granted has left him.
As it happens, it’s just bag of eyeballs.
Rather than carry the boxes home on the train, he takes them to the post office and mails them to his flat in London. He leaves Harry a note on the kitchen counter.
unsure about
As he spoke, the audience began settling down again, listening.
“So, basically he made a porn cartoon. Did the actors know? Did John know?”
Pulling back, he gasped. “I… I
He still doesn’t know where Matt lives, but finds him at the cafe. When he sees Watson, he’s surprised, he’s embarrassed, he’s relieved. Maybe he thinks Watson blames him, that he doesn’t want to see him again.
“Dinner,” he says. “Seven o’clock tonight. The Landmark, in Marylebone.”
As the paralytic effects wore off, Brook was dramatically carried off stage by two beefy extras who looked rather like the Men in Black. His final, villainous moment was mostly scenery-chewing.
John laughs softly against his lips. “Bedroom. Just warning you, though: I barely slept last night, so I might fall asleep if I'm horizontal.”
They turn into another corridor. “I’m sorry,” he says. “I assumed—“
“Tell me about that.”
“I couldn’t deduce it,” says Holmes in a puzzled voice, as if he can hardly believe what he is admitting. “So much else is obvious— the wound in your shoulder that’s ended your surgical career, the psychosomatic limp—“
As I lay on the sofa smoking my pipe, dressing gown wrapped around my knees, I heard Watson bringing the mail up from the postbox, and prepared myself for more dullness. Watson was good at that sort of thing— paying the bills, noting important events on the calendar, answering mundane correspondence. I appreciated many things about him, and lifting the necessity of dull tasks from my own shoulders was one of them. At the moment, however, it left me with nothing to do.
“You always flirt with women. Even the ugly ones. I think you do it to provoke me.”
The others were looking excited and a bit wary. They saw the problem as clearly as he did, and knew it was a mistake to pretend it didn’t matter.
I saw hope lighting my horizon. “What? Did you not ask her?”
John walked in while I was explaining what a hoax is. He did not look pleased when I introduced him to his daughters.
“I’m fine, Mary— we’re both coping well, I think. I at least had the benefit of thinking about what was going to happen for a couple weeks before the reunion episode aired, and understanding what it would mean. Sherlock was blindsided, though.”
It did not take me long to pick the lock to Watson’s room. He appeared to be asleep, breathing deeply and regularly. I closed the door softly and turned the key in it.
“It may as well be,” I groused. “Watson is missing. He left from these rooms. When was that? At least that may give me a place to begin.”
She frowned. “You misunderstand me, Mr Holmes. There is nothing you can do to woo me. I will not change my mind, not in a month, not in a year. I do not wish to marry you.”
“I’m sorry, Mr Holmes,” she says. “This gentleman insists. He says it’s a matter of
, John!“
And Stamford told him about his friend.
The man didn’t die. The bleeding stopped and he went into a deep sleep. If Holmes hadn’t been able to see the heart inside the broken rib cage, he would have believed the man was dead. But every few minutes the heart pumped. And the man’s face, though pale, never took on the cast of death.
“I did not.”
Watson turned to me with a frown. “Why will you send her away? Surely you haven’t already solved it?”
“It’s the social instinct, Doctor. Birds of a feather. Us and them.” He gives Watson a weary smile. “You’re an idealist. You believe there could be a society without hatred, but I think you’re wrong. Wherever unity finds a foothold, people will invariably look for a way to create division.”
It shocked him, really, to be asked just like that. Was it written on his face? Was it something about his voice, or the way he glanced around the room?
But this is still your home, and I imagine you sitting in that chair now, regarding me. I’m holding the bottle Stamford gave me. Small, brown pills.
okay.” He doesn’t want to talk about it. “Hey, I was wondering. Do you know… whatever happened to Mum and Dad’s old LPs? Do you have them?”
Perhaps, I thought, it would be better if he left. I had made a mistake in thinking we could go on as we had. He was not mine, could never be mine. I should have turned him out years ago. My own attachment was the problem. Watson was genial, a man who made friends wherever he went. He did not need me.
“Dreams?”
He was never malicious, but quickly took a dislike to my cousins, especially when he saw them abuse me. After one such incident, where Edwin overturned my porridge onto the floor and I was punished for clumsiness by being sent to my room hungry, John came to me that night and bade me follow him. He entered Edwin’s room and glowered over the bed, making his spectre larger and more grotesque, and moaning in a breathy voice.
Holmes speaks up. “John Watson, my friend.”
I look around at the flat. Overflowing bookcases, papers and books and magazines piled on the floor. An experiment left out, microscope on the table. The refrigerator is not empty, but it has been cleaned out, body parts replaced with a pan of lasagna and half of a cake with white icing, blue flowers. There is milk, recent. I suppose Mrs Hudson is trying to look after me.
“Glad to hear it. It was a good decision, I think, for him to give up acting. He wasn’t a bad actor, but he has a greater gift for bringing people together and negotiating deals.”
But John Watson must not die. He had been a singular presence in my life. The day he stood in my bedroom, pretending to be a doctor, was the beginning of my fascination with him. Since that day I had drawn him to me and pushed him away, forever at war with myself. Long before we met, I had learned the hard lesson that caring is not an advantage. When one learns something at great personal cost, it is ingrained, and so it was with that lesson. I could never love, I thought. Liaisons there might be, but I must always remain apart, unbiased. I was not meant for what other men enjoyed, lovers and friends, family and home. I was meant to be alone. Selfishly, I did not want to leave him.
“Oh, Sherlock, you’re back!” she exclaims. “I was worried after you went dashing out of here last night.” She gives Watson a bright smile. “And you’ve brought a friend home! That’s lovely.”
“What do you need, love?”
“You never?”
He scoffed at Lestrade’s ideas about that, but has to admit that sometimes he wonders what it’s like for people who believe they’ve found that. Delusional, he’s always assumed. But maybe happier. Married people have longer lifespans, and while Sherlock has always assumed he would not survive to see his thirtieth birthday, that birthday and a couple more have passed, and here he is, looking at a flat, thinking about making it a home.
They both freeze for a moment. He stares into those grey eyes that haven’t changed, still seeing every detail.
“Watson’s divinity lies in other areas,” I replied.
Summer is turning into fall, almost two years since Sherlock left me. I’m anxious, but Mycroft promised he would tell me if there was any news— bad news, specifically— and he hasn’t said a word. I wonder if he even knows where his brother is. I wonder how often they’re in touch.
“Yes, the news covered all that. What do you think, that he found a body double and killed him in the forest, and now is living somewhere under an assumed identity?”
Work is boring, but fine. There’s a new nurse, pretty and blond and funny. Even Sherlock might like her. But she gives me a strange vibe.
Yes, that was John Watson!
“Not at all. Three years ago I successfully proved to Lestrade that at the time of a particularly vicious triple murder Angelo was in a completely different part of town, house-breaking. He went to prison for two years, but avoided the death penalty. He’s grateful, hence the free food.”
“Oh, that.” He gives Watson a rueful smile. “It’s an ongoing struggle, one addiction replacing another. The cigarettes were meant to replace more dangerous things. The patches replace the cigarettes. And if I have an interesting case, I don’t need anything.”
when it came out, used to watch. Sherlock is so good in that— it made me homesick to watch him.” He nudged Sherlock. “Yeah, I had a big crush on you. Sometime during the second season I started thinking about returning. I didn’t know if we could even be friends, but I wanted to see him. So I moved to London under an assumed name. I was driving a cab to make money, and one night he hopped into my cab.”
Now he has a flatmate. More than that, he has a
“Would you like… maybe we could…”
As he strides towards them with a purpose, John turns, smiling. He then seems to realise that a smile is not the expression he ought to be wearing. He clears his throat and puts on a more serious look. Chiselled Abs is still smiling.
John tries to think of a reply to this, but his mouth is dry. He should have asked for water.
John knows the emptiness in himself. He’s a social man, and for months he’s been alone. He remembers the moment that void appeared. He was lying in a bed in a field hospital, reading a letter from Mary.
He is a healer. Patients don’t always survive (god, how he knows that), but a healer will always try. He and Sherlock had something that began to limp and show distress, something that needs healing. That is what he must do. If it’s not recoverable, then he will mourn.
, but she just laughs. People would talk, she says. The name Sherlock Holmes is still remembered in London.
Lots of POV switches here, indicated by the horizontal lines.
A cheer goes up. Mike Stamford stands at the door, holding a Christmas pudding.
He shook his head. “You don’t know what you’re asking, Holmes.”
“What do you mean, she didn’t break it off?”
The cab pulls up in front of a Victorian terrace with a white face, black trim. It looks rather pleasant, he thinks. Homey.
Muttering and casting dark looks at his brother, he swirls his coat and leaves the room. John’s heart is racing, making all the monitors beep. He can feel his face flushing.
“Cocaine.” He sighs and looks out the window. “There was a time when everyone thought they would find me dead in a crackhouse. That’s why my brother is such a bore about keeping me busy. He’s seen the worst, threatened me into rehab more than once, and even now, keeps me under surveillance when he can manage it.”
“You know things haven’t been good,” John counters.
Those are certainly two identities, two ends of the continuum, but there are people who identify as
cake, but didn’t have a relationship with it, as Mycroft did. If he couldn’t have cake, there were always biscuits.
“I know where she keeps the photo.”
As he sits drinking his morning tea, Sherlock thinks about John Watson. Even without much prior experience, he knows that their date was a disaster.
This is real, you’re thinking. This man is going to kill me.
“More dangerous things?”
“I’m more than that, I believe.”
“You and I’ve done well. So has Sally. Molly’s had a few small roles as well. And advertising can provide a steady income. There are actors who make a living just doing that. Some of them are even famous.”
“I’m aware that this will be challenging. I trust you to carry it off, though. Please think about it.”
“That was decent of you.”
“That might describe a lot of people in a bar on a Wednesday night,” Lestrade says.
“I’m going to bed,” John says. His stiff neck bends a little. “Coming?”
I imagine Sherlock pretending to be the waiter, like in my dream, speaking with a French accent and waiting for me to notice, but when Dennis appears, he’s short, stocky, and definitely not French. With relief, I see that he already has a bottle of wine for the table, courtesy of Mr Holmes, no doubt. He waits for me to taste it, and when I give my approval, he murmurs
“Twenty-five, madam.”
“All right,” she said. “Ready?“ The door opened, revealing an average-looking blond bloke wearing a shapeless jumper. “Here’s Richard!”
And now he was crying over a fake relationship, his heart broken over the death of a boy he’d pined for, but never really known.
“Rosamund is in her room,” she says. “As always. I’m going out— a meeting with my agent. There’s leftovers in the fridge, or you can order something. I’ve left the car keys by the door if you want to go out. Rosamund will probably refuse to eat; that’s her latest control tactic.”
In the morning, I heard a scream and a crash. Hastily donning my dressing gown, I ran into the sitting room and saw my breakfast lying amidst shards of crockery and my landlady pointing at the mantel.
They’d had their most recent rehearsals at the theater where the episode would be performed and broadcast.
“You’re ridiculous,” Watson says and turns to Mycroft. “We’ll do it.”
He is late. He didn’t want to splurge on a cab, but Mike insisted that he take the cash he pressed into his hand.
Before retiring, we’d had a meal consisting of a thin oat cake and water, shared from a common cup. Though I wasn’t a great eater, my belly was not satisfied with this. I’d been traveling in a coach all day, my stomach in knots from the movement and unable to keep anything down.
I tried to fix the moment in my Mind Palace. The smell of John’s body, the feel of his ribs expanding as he breathed in, the sound of his heart…
“Is that what you’re trying to do, John? Prove you’re not gay?”
“I’m merely suggesting that you might live your own life and have the money as well. Principles are fine things, but they don’t pay the rent.”
. It this is a fight they need to have, so be it.
There’s no one to fight now. Maybe this is what life is meant to be, losing pieces of who you think you are so you can see what’s underneath. His dad would have said that it’s one fucking kick in the arse after another.
I began to work with Mr Lestrade of Scotland Yard after I was confronted by a very persistent ghost, impatient that his murder hadn’t been solved. He showed me his own murder scene, relating in a hollow voice how he’d been assaulted. Most ghosts are silent spectres, watching and perhaps feeling regret for things unsaid, but an angry ghost finds ways to communicate, if one has the ability to hear. Just as John had shown me his death scene, this unfortunate was able to let me see his murder through his eyes.
, John thinks. Sherlock is brilliant, beautiful, and—
“I wasn’t planning on it. Well, not soon, at any rate.”
He mourns the old John Watson, prepares to learn the new one, whose damaged brain makes him do irrational things.
Let them wonder.
“You went home. Said I should call tomorrow. Today. Whatever.”
“Are you getting along with her?”
“Because,” she says. “On the whole, our childhood was shite. Those songs provided some bright moments after things started going to hell. I wasn’t worried about anything when we were pretending we were in a heavy metal band.” She laughs. “I guess I’m getting sentimental in my old age.”
“She’s the one that found the body,” says Lestrade, indicating the weeping woman. “Don’t think you’ll get much useful out of her. Be nice.”
Though diminished by weeks of illness and pain, John’s body is compact and muscular. Sherlock runs his hand over the lovely curves of his arse, feels the flat belly with the dusting of gold hair that grows there. His own body he considers less beautiful, gangly and too skinny, pale and dotted with the freckles he has always hated.
“Now I do. What is the romantic significance of a spleen?”
“Someone needs to say something to her,” he told Lestrade as they waited to do some publicity shots for the airing of the final episode.
A small gasp. “Jesus— Sherlock?”
“Would you like that as well?” The clerk is looking at him, holding a package that he presumes is Sherlock’s order. He nods at the display. “Just came in this morning.”
man. He could feel his greatness poking against his thigh.
Second point. John let a man flirt with him.
She’s dyed her hair pink. That’s not the most disturbing thing, though. She’s cut it short, like a boy, shaved on one side, longish on top. Not disturbing so much as disappointing, perhaps. He remembers those golden plaits, the box of ribbons she used to choose from each morning, matching them to her outfit for the day. Now she’s wearing ripped jeans, a tiny t-shirt that doesn’t reach her belly, and an oversized hoodie.
“Not a random bloke. Me. Kiss me.”
): Think no more of it, my dearest. I love your violin. And I love you.
It was unfair, he suddenly realises, that she always had to take care of him when they were kids. Neither of them had a carefree childhood, but Harry, six years older, was given responsibility for him when Mum went to work. After Mum ran off with the cousin, Harry was the one who cooked and cleaned and kept John out of trouble. He’s always felt that he was deprived of something, but never really thought how Mum’s absence must have affected Harry. No wonder she left as soon as he could make his own meals and do the laundry. It wasn’t selfish, as he used to think. It was self-preservation.
I caught my breath and whispered back, “A kiss.”
“Are we partners, Holmes? I ask because very often it seems that you regard me as an employee, an errand boy, a clerk. I demanded full partnership with you, and you agreed. I am aware that you have specialised knowledge that gives you an advantage in many areas, but why will you not trust me to learn? Why did you agree to have me as your partner, if you do not trust me?”
Since he came home, every conversation has been about him. Maybe she doesn’t know how to help him without nagging and threatening. That was always her role, wasn’t it?
“Of course you do. I’m just saying, it’s not the best time. Not today.”
For a moment John stands holding the cane, looking at it as if it were some alien artefact. For months his leg has made it impossible to do more than painfully limp. His therapist has suggested that being shot in the shoulder, losing his ability to do surgery, has translated into a kind of body dysmorphia. He knows that she’s simply baffled. Therapy hasn’t helped, and all she can suggest is more therapy.
Flirting is harmless, but it does send a message. He hasn’t been trying to flirt, though that used to come naturally to him. Maybe he’s encouraging it without realising.
, as you are implying. I was not
He looks around the pub, sipping his scotch. How do you meet people when you never go anywhere? The people in his block are like him, out in the morning, back in the evening, returning to their little cells in the hive. The only other people he sees are his therapists, the guy who works at the cafe, and the same group of commuters staring at their phones while he waits for the bus.
“Where is the murder weapon?” I demanded, dropping into Lestrade’s chair and putting my feet up on the desk. “You know that I will get the best people to defend him, and they’re going to ask harder questions than this. You might as well share with me what you’ve found before your people muck everything up.”
“I hate shopping.” The fact that I was holding the Tesco bags sort of made me look like a hypocrite. “What would this
“Ah, yes. The Sex Holiday.” Sherlock grins. “When it comes to sex, John has a few
John is awake, but doesn’t say much. Sherlock continues to sit beside him, talking enough for the both of them. He deduces the nurses, both of whom are having boyfriend troubles. Kelsey doesn’t know his boyfriend is cheating on him, and Amber is beginning to think a dog would be less trouble than a man.
Hours later he woke in the dark and sat up, his heart pounding, cold sweat pouring down his sides. He flipped open his phone and saw that it was a few minutes after two.
This was sort of an experiment. It's more usual for me to write short stories, AU or ACD. My concept this time was to write something longer, a story centered around their growing relationship without any other main conflicts. No major cases, no demons, no alternate universes, no time travel, no Reichenbach. A first meeting, a rom-com story arc.
“You’ve killed people. Or have you forgotten that, Captain Watson? You carried a gun, and you used it.”
I observed that I would be quite happy to sleep in any room, even the maid’s cupboard, if doing so would keep me from having to share a room with such a fat, stupid boy.
Mike listened. He was a quiet man, perceptive and kinder than most people.
Maybe she did see it during those appointments. Maybe she wrote it down on that pad she always took notes on. He remembers reading
I smiled, surer of his feelings. “We’ll stay overnight in a hotel here, have dinner sent up to our room. Then we’ll take a train home in the morning.” I slung his bag over my shoulder, took his arm under mine.
After an indeterminate amount of time passes, the grogginess begins to lift. A doctor comes, checks him over, and says he can leave. Holmes helps him put his shoes on because every time Watson bends over to tie them, he loses his balance, pitching towards the floor. Once he’s properly shod and wearing his coat, Holmes walks him out of the hospital and flags down a cab.
“You went away.”
He writes up their first cases in the blog his therapist insisted he start and sees his number of followers grow steadily.
“True.” Holmes fiddles with the strap of his bag. “You didn’t choose to be shot. But you did join the army, knowing the odds of being shot were better than if you’d taken a job at a surgery in Westminster.”
When she goes back to London, he misses her company.
Once, many years earlier, we had talked about sailing to New York, seeing America. Then there was the war, and Watson’s last wife died, and I had not yet solved the puzzle. The crime, as Mycroft had called it.
“Yes, of course. You are quite remarkable, John. Impulsive, ridiculous, and remarkable.”
“I know you feel he deserves it.” Holmes lowers himself to the floor, sitting a few feet from Charles and the other boy. “But if you kill him, Adam will still be gone, and there won’t be anything you can do about people like him. You’ll be a murderer, just like the ones who killed Adam.”
Instead of replying, Moriarty aims his gun at Watson and fires.
This struck him as improbable, if not impossible. He was odd-looking, socially awkward, and not at all nice. He was the opposite of John Watson. So why was Molly crushing on
“Give it to me,” he finally said.
“You’re bringing him home.” This is not a question. If necessary, I will find him and rescue him myself.
And now he’s leaving.
“I will let you know when I have him, Doctor. He will get medical care, whatever is necessary. I will be in touch.”
But what if he found someone? What if there were a person who could put up with him, who wasn’t offended if he didn’t talk for days or mind if he played his violin at midnight?
It’s Friday evening. Just as he’s about to let himself into the house with his key, Mary opens the door. She’s wearing a taupe silk dress, rather low cut, embroidered with black, sequinned leaves. No necklace, just a pair of silver art-deco earrings. She’s always loved vintage dresses and jewellery, and he supposes that she can afford them now.
“And how do you plan on
“Did he help you understand yourself?”
“I know, I know. I’m glad I left, but I wish Dad hadn’t been such a dick about it. It was pretty hard to forgive him.”
“I believe so,” Sherlock replies. “Ghastly, isn’t it?”
you believe that?”
“My parents call me William. When I started school I decided to use one of my middle names because there were already lots of Williams.”
“Stubborn git,” John growls. “Do you love me?”
He keeps John at his side and talks to him, telling him every clue he’s picked up, and where blank spaces remain in the narrative. He’s talking rapidly, still angry, but now it’s mostly frustration as he tries to pull all the pieces together. For that he needs John, who will listen and say something that seems to having no relevance, but will inspire Sherlock to see the solution.
“No, that wasn’t the Device. It was actually a Matter Suspension Apparatus, my own invention. The real Device is in this box.” He showed the box Holly had given him. “He came after Jason because he knew I’d left the Device here, on Earth, and would come back and make a deal with him. He assumed I’d told Jason about it and he would know where it was, but I’d actually left it with Holly. She’s kept it safe all this time.”
forgiven my attempt at rousing his jealousy with the unfortunate Philip, but it had not been a proud moment for me. I had managed to work myself back into his good favour, but I sensed that there were limits to how much Watson could bear. Faking my death and not telling him for three years might be that limit.
Irene had prompted him.
“Oh.” She looks truly distraught, shakes her head. “No, John. He loved you. I’m sure he had a reason—“
The broadcast was scheduled for seven thirty p.m. The cast met at noon to go over some final instructions, and then Irene told them all to relax for a few hours.
“You’re coming home with me.” Holmes gives him a grim little smile.
“You always say such horrible things.” She gave a shuddering sigh. “Every time. Always. Maybe for you it was a horrible experience being Alex Tribble, but it was the best thing I’ve ever done, and all you do is sneer at it and make everyone feel like losers because we haven’t made movies or had our own series. I loved being Holly Martin. She might have been a stock character, but I played her like a real person. She was
“You might want to soften that a bit,” Mike said. “Just say he was great to work with and you miss him a lot. You wish he could have been here with us all tonight.”
Sighing, he smiled and closed his eyes. “It makes me think of… us. Years ago, before my marriage, I thought… you were such a beautiful man, Holmes. I never told you that. Well, all my wives are gone, no children to nurse me in my senescence. And yet here you are, still at my side.”
Mrs Holmes unveils her plan. Sherlock has a plan as well.
His thoughts went back to the cabbie, Jason Bradford. In general, Sherlock never paid much attention to people driving cabs. Usually he was texting or looking at a script or on the phone arguing with Mike about something. The person driving was just an anonymous functionary, interchangeable with any other cabbie.
“Disagreement is normal,” Jay says. “Arguing is normal. And getting angry happens. Physical violence is not normal.”
me well.”
I silently amused myself with observations about the company until the meal ended. We then retired to the room my mother grandly calls the
“Maybe she checked into a hotel,” John suggests. “The case could be there.”
She will then explain it to him in a way that makes him feel like it’s all his fault, like he was the one who blew up this marriage.
“I believe we do.” I held up the glass. “These are the prints of the man who was employed to fix the masonry of the garden wall. At my request, Mr Chadwick has summoned him to complain about a fault in the wall. While he was fixing it this morning, I had the kitchen maid offer him a glass of lemonade. His prints on this glass match those of the thief.”
“I’d rather live with you.”
They have a case, an odd one. A man named Garrideb, looking for two more Garridebs, a fortune to be shared by the men with that name. It’s about the money, he knows. People will kill for money, which only gets you more money— and less time. Time is the true currency, but no one gets more of that, and you can’t trade lives with anyone. By this measure, he and Watson are as rich as Croesus.
And Sarah asked him out. Maybe she was trying to settle the dispute, get a definitive answer, whether John Watson is gay or straight. Or maybe she really is interested.
“I’m sorry.”
Sherlock looked for a clue in those dark eyes, but couldn’t be sure. The audience was quieting down again, waiting to hear what he would say. They were entirely off script, and he had no idea what should come next, whether this was Alex and Jason talking, or Sherlock and John.
behaviours: the endearments, the hair-petting, and a few times when John has patted his shoulder in passing, and the time he smiled at him for no reason. He thanks Sherlock more than usual, it seems, but without any baseline data from before, it’s difficult to assess the
“I think so,” said Lestrade. “I hope he would. He was a trouper, and would do anything for the show.”
I have no energy for threats. “You must tell me.”
There was a moment where she felt a tiny bit smug.
“I made tea,” John says.
“Sherlock,” John says, and kisses him again.
“Just, erm… talking to the employees,” John says.
John puts his arms around him. “Look, I just want to be with you tonight, not think about all of that. Let’s turn on some crap telly and eat the food. After that…” He smiles up at Sherlock. “If you’re in the mood…”
The clergyman frowned. “Your age doesn’t matter. You are old enough to obtain your own salvation, but unless you accept that you have sinned and then repent, you will go to Hell.”
named Jason Bradford, also a common name. That means nothing.”
She hugs him. “Don’t worry. John will come around.”
“Hm. I thought all actors had therapists. The more successful, the greater need for
“I think I already did.” He has a vague recollection of puking on a sidewalk somewhere. Maybe it was a hallucination.
“If you want to see it, I can give you the info,” Anderson said. “I only saw a few parts, ones he showed me. Maybe that’s all that exists. The animation is impressive. You can tell it’s John, though. It was shot when he was seventeen. I don’t know why his manager let him do it. Maybe Magnussen was blackmailing him. Jesus, John was just a kid. He must have reached a point where he couldn’t do it anymore.”
At this point, the Yarders arranged an engagement party for them. Mycroft and Lestrade planned the stag do.
I was silent— smiling, but less sure of myself.
“I know what future I want,” John said.
“I just want to live with you.” Her voice is small; she glances at Sherlock. “Well, not all the time. But Sherlock doesn’t hate children and I really like him, so can I?”
Sherlock has just noticed John’s jumper and is glaring at it as if it is offending him. “Agreed. Except, perhaps, when it comes to clothing choices.”
“It’s your forfeit, for not having an answer.”
“I guess so. I mean, I’ve been with men before, but that was always… erm. Uncomplicated. Just sex. Don’t most men have gay experiences at some point? When they’re young, maybe?”
“Of course it is. Can’t you see the pancreas right there next to it?”
“I will continue my little holiday until he is taken.”
. And there isn’t any point in arguing with social niceties, either, even when they serve no purpose. A man willing to go on a blind date must have issues. He is aware of his own issues. This man he’s going to meet, John Watson, must have issues as well. He is either unable to find his own dates, or he’s on the rebound from a relationship, divorced, separated, something. He’s out of the game, like Sherlock, and his friends— Lestrade, Molly, and Mike Stamford— have decided that he needs someone in his life.
“I married too early,” he volunteers. “Before I knew who I was. Almost dying made me realise… a lot of things.” Immediately he wonders if this is too much information for a blind date. Well, he might as well say it; Sherlock has probably already deduced it.
, it wouldn’t have happened. But he
“He’s at work. His shift ends at five.” I wondered if I had enough biscuits to last that long.
. He was always ready to go somewhere, to meet new people, to try their food and hear their stories. Once he’d even sailed around the globe, he said. During one of the wars, he’d lived on a submarine. He’d thought about being an astronaut, seeing the world from miles in space. He loved the world.
In retrospect, it’s a bad idea.
I clapped a hand on Watson’s shoulder and smiled at the Bellamys and Mr Allen. “We should be taking our seats now.”
He looks at his phone. Eight minutes after the hour. Well, it’s not like an appointment. People get to the pub whenever they get there. Murray’s bound to be a bit late; he’s only just come home on leave. John can sit here enjoying his beer, settling into the atmosphere.
Even his relationship with Sherlock was founded on loyalty. He’d known Sherlock less than two days when he shot a man to save his life. He didn’t hesitate. He lined up his shot and took it, knowing there might be consequences.
Sherlock gives him a half-smile. “You didn’t know about the affair until you came back. She probably didn’t want to say because you’d been wounded, so she kept it from you, thinking she’d tell you when you’d healed. Meanwhile, she kept seeing the other man secretly. You found out accidentally and that was what precipitated the separation.”
“I don’t have a therapist.”
“You work for a data company. As I recall you once boasted that you could find out anything about anybody— police records, employment history, drug use, porn preferences, internet search history… Was that just a boast?”
Miss Chadwick was discussing watercolours with a serious-looking Watson. The sad little art works hanging on the wall were apparently her creations. She no doubt spoke a little French badly and played piano tolerably well. This was the fate of most nouveau riche, that they sought to recreate a society that no longer existed. They affected manners that were old-fashioned, and dressed expensively, but inelegantly. Watson, though of humble roots, looked suave by comparison.
The employees are standing in a small huddle, looking uncertain. One of the two women is crying, and the other one is comforting her.
Instead, he slips his hand into Sherlock’s and squeezes it. He holds on, silent, and waits.
. You and I are going to have a contentious relationship, apparently.”
Smiling, Mike shrugged. “Why not? It might be fun.”
“We’re working on a history of the place, a series of commemorative essays. You know, one of those anniversary things. You’re writing it, and I’m helping you do research. Part of our project will be to interview boys about their experiences. We can expand the parameters of our research as we uncover new clues. For example, we might say we’re looking at some of the clubs and societies that have existed there. We can suggest that secret societies have been part of the school’s history.”
“Perhaps you no longer wish me to be responsible for some of your needs.”
“Sherlock, I need you.”
“You’ll have a proper grave now,” I told him. “And one day I will lie beside you.”
He found a twenty-pound note in his pocket and handed it over the seat. “Keep the change.”
“Yeah.” Sounds about right. “Wasn’t a very good murderer, though, was he? Said cocaine was poetic. Din’ even tape my mouth shut.”
. Or that anyone might recognise him. Classic elements of a disguise— beard, glasses, hat pulled low. He even spoke in a voice below his natural range, saying as little as possible. Obviously hiding something.”
“He might be more emotional, even aggressive. He might cry, make inappropriate responses to things you say. He might say things that are uncharacteristic, even embarrassing. Disinhibition, increased sexual behaviour—”
He was wrong.
Watson can’t help but say, “Until now.”
Sherlock blushed. “The big reveal was done quite tastefully, I think.”
It’s Friday and his pension has been deposited. His rent is paid, he has milk in the fridge and tins of beans and soup in his pantry. Today, instead of eating lunch in his flat, he will splurge on the corner cafe, buy himself a sandwich and a cup of soup, and maybe a pastry as well. A real lunch.
“I have told you what I saw. You are an honest man, Lestrade. I have seen you bring justice for many victims. You believe in the law’s ability to find the criminal and bring a just sentence on him. But you would be the last one to condemn a man— or woman— without evidence.”
My aunt had not changed in essentials, but she did seem a bit less arrogant, perhaps chastened by the failed lives of her children. Even so, it was obvious that she still resented me. This was no surprise, and I found that I did not care. I had done well at Cambridge, and I had learned to be content with my own interests, however small my income. The lesson she was learning, to her sorrow, was that in the end, money could not buy happiness.
My brother didn’t come home for the funeral, or even afterwards. He was on the other side of the globe, I was told, and it would take months to get word to him.
He never planned on doctoring small children with runny noses, babies who won’t sleep through the night. And he’s never planned on having any of his own.
“John,” he says, laying down his fork. “You should know that this is new territory for me. Please tell me if I’m doing something wrong.”
“It’s all right, Watson,” I said. “No need for threats. Mr Milverton is leaving now. Please assist him with his coat.”
“I can stay here,” she said, not looking up from her phone. “She’s a nurse. Probably in surgery.”
“Yes, I think you are right. He is kind, but sees only the practical side of things. I don’t mean to sound ungrateful or critical. The world certainly needs men who balance the books, preserve tradition, and keep a steady hand on the rudder. But there must always be those who dream of more.”
my brother and me.
“I’m right here, Sherlock. I’m with you. You’re going to get out of here.”
“You’re new to this, aren’t you?” Smiling, he sits in the chair closest to Watson, crossing one long leg over the other.
As we were finishing up our tea, we heard a rattle in the street. Watson ran to the window and looked down. “Here he is now, in his carriage.” He laughed. “He looks like Mr Pickwick!”
He raises his head, looking at me with astonishment. Then a brief, sudden burst of laughter. “Welcome to my world.”
And as all words fled from Sherlock’s brain, John stepped up, put his arms around him, and kissed him.
“For what?”
being anything salacious she could dig up for her viewers. She drew the highest ratings in the genre, though, and interviews were hard to get. Mike had done well setting this up. Sherlock had turned down invitations to appear on
and Sherlock’s old
“Like, you mean… marry me?”
I swallowed the last of my port and set my glass down. “Read Mr Symond’s book. I think you’ll find all the enlightenment you need in his pages.” I walked towards the door without looking back. “Good night, Mr Hughes.”
Sherlock shook his head. “Still, you’re asking me to believe the word of a person I don’t know. Eyewitnesses are notoriously unreliable, likely to imagine details that never happened. Three years is a long time to keep a secret. No doubt your friend’s memories were enhanced by his guilt. He made assumptions, was told to forget what he’d seen, but couldn’t. The suicide made him reconsider what he saw, see it through a new lens. It provided an answer for the questions he couldn’t ask. Now it’s his word against Magnussen’s. Since I don’t know either of them—“
“‘M okay,” he slurs. “Jus’ fine.”
“Calm yourself,” I said. “When a man is hot-headed there is no possibility of him acting rationally. And reason is what is needed right now.” A disguise would be essential for the first part, which was reconnaissance. A young tradesman, I thought. Surely there were women in Milverton’s employ…
Shoving me aside, he opened the curtains and grabbed the book. “And who pays Miss Garvey to teach us? My father does. He paid for this book.”
He isn’t able to work, so he’s more or less pensioned off, waiting to see what he can make out of the shards of the life that a bullet shattered. He’s depressed, angry, and has a therapist who advises him to write blog posts about his nothing-ever-happens life. Whoever agrees to share a flat with him would have to be mad. He wouldn’t wish himself on anyone.
This stuns Sherlock into silence for a moment. “You’re…?”
1891, New Year’s Day
cliche), would live much longer than humans, which meant that Alex was just out of infancy, an innocent now finding his way in a complex society. Of course, he was much smarter than a human, and his race much more advanced in terms of technology. He would learn their language in one day, excel at all the subjects his school mates struggled with, and regularly spout information about astrophysics, at which everyone would goggle. His strangeness would attract the attention of bullies, which would provide a cliche conflict. When he pointed this out to the writers, they explained that young teens feel like aliens because of hormonal changes and sudden growth spurts, and would identify with Alex’s quest to understand his new world.
“I wasn’t
Her husband is dying of cancer; she talks about that long goodbye. She knows Death intimately; its victims have come through her morgue. It’s better to know you’re dying, she tells him, better for the people left behind to have that time to say goodbye.
“They were typewritten! If I were writing love letters to a lady—”
“By then I knew John was alive, but thought he wasn’t interested in returning to acting. I certainly had no idea he would make an appearance that night. What you saw was me, live, almost speechless. A rare occurrence, to say the least.”
“Bill Murray. You’ve met him,” Watson said.
It was the beginning of his third descent, his worst.
“Lestrade is investigating. If we’re gone for a few days, well— there are these things called phones—“
several times, never been picked up. And now this. It’s like he’s… stalking you.”
He kissed back. We’d known one another two weeks. From this I deduced that he was, in fact, (mostly) gay.
They’re at a house in Croydon. He stands, considering the room as a whole. For a few minutes he is still, imagining what took place here a few hours ago. He closes his eyes, doesn’t realise he’s moving his hands, muttering to himself rearranging data in his Mind Palace, until he hears a whispered
She smiled warmly. “Then you shall, Master William.”
The bed is chilly. Sherlock hasn’t come to bed, and John is pretty sure he won’t. He played his violin for an hour and is now sitting out there, sunk into his chair, brooding. Eyes closed, he did not acknowledge John when he said he was going to bed.
He turned to reply, but then seemed to catch sight of something and frowned. “Someone is coming, in a hurry.”
How did he ever consider this acceptable? He’s lived here for months, thinking it was good enough. Not great, but he didn’t have the funds for
“Ah, you’ve brought some friends,” I said graciously.
“I should never have let you go,” John said. “I think I always loved you, but didn’t know if you felt the same. When you left, I thought I’d never see you again. I told myself that if I ever had another chance, I’d tell you. So I’m telling you now: I love you, Alex.”
“What was that about?”
“I thought we’d share a bottle,” his date says. “Perhaps you’d like to look at the menu before we decide.”
“I do not
“But you already knew that part,” Holmes added. “And now you know the rest of the story.”
“I did see you,” Watson said quietly. “When I was dying. We were standing on the path at Reichenbach, and light was coming through the waterfall, making it look like prisms. You told me to stop being an idiot and go home. I told you that I would only go home if you were there to meet me. When I woke up in Zion’s rondavel—” He drew a shaky breath. “For a moment I thought that I had died, but you must still be alive, which was why you weren’t there.”
“God, you look great,” Matt says, hugging him. “How did you get chest hair? I’ve been trying for twenty-six years.”
Before we could begin discussing
He remembers fixing it in his mind, the moment when he was John Watson’s best friend, when that was all he ever thought he could be. He loved John, and didn’t ask for anything more. He always meant to save John, to keep him and Rosie safe. Protecting them, loving them, was all he wanted.
“Okay, right. Yeah, I get it.
“Okay, maybe later. Let’s talk.” He looks into her room, seeing no place to sit.
Miss Chadwick smiled vacantly at Watson. “Mr Hughes knows all about the poets, and yet has never written me a poem. Can you imagine?”
He is arrested, then acquitted.
This was one of the things I loved best about Watson, that mobile face which concealed nothing. At the moment, he was unable to hide his jealousy. This was something new, I thought. Even when I was courting Miss Ashton-Farbridge, I had not seen such a look on Watson’s face.
“Would you… want to see some more?” It isn’t the question he wants to ask, but he doesn’t know what that is yet, the question that will unlock John Watson for him, the question that will let him take this man out of this dismal bedsit and into a murder investigation, which is where he belongs. Sherlock is certain that he belongs there, but he isn’t sure how to ask.
My flat was on Baker Street, near the Regents Park. It was not spacious, and I was uncertain what to do with John’s bones. If I were a normal person, not obsessed with ghosts, I would have laid him in our family graveyard in Kent. Or I might have bought a plot in one of London’s many cemeteries and buried him there.
He understood that a first-name basis was assumed in interviews like this, and in the entertainment business in general, but disliked the intimacy it implied. The smile Morstan gave him meant mischief; she was known for her provocative interviews and probing questions.
The director told Sherlock that Alex should be sad, maybe even cry a little, and he’d remembered how John sometimes looked sad when he thought no one was watching. It made Sherlock feel sad, truly sad, that John had a horrible mother who bullied him and a jealous sister who hated him. A tear came to his eye.
“Sherlock, please.” Stamford put down his pastry. “This is morbid. We all felt terrible when it happened. I understand why this is on your mind now, with the reunion episode under consideration. You and he didn’t get along well, so maybe it’s guilt. I don’t know. I’m not a psychologist. But it’s morbid. Maybe you should talk to a therapist—“
I shift my gaze, taking in the sitting room. It looks as it always does, papers, clothing, files, dishes filling every available space. It feels like home.
“We’ll need another mug,” said Rosamund. “And more bread for the toast.”
Perhaps Watson was right about the smoking.
The polite smile disappears as he gestures at his guest. “My brother, Mycroft.”
The mental part is harder. For weeks, nightmares haunt us both, and when we wake, we have to remind ourselves what is real and what is a dream.
“Indeed, it is the foundation of the science of deduction. My observations are organised in a mansion of the mind, as it were, having rooms full of shelves and drawers and cabinets, all imagined in great detail. To retrieve the information, all I need do is visit the appropriate room.”
“No. You loved him— you know I’m right, Sherlock. I don’t mean that you’re gay, but love isn’t always about sex. You loved him. You just pretended not to like him because you were afraid. I can see that now. That’s what you do, you push people away so they can’t know you. You pretend you don’t care so they won’t hurt you. What bothers you most about this reunion is that John’s gone. That’s why you’re angry.”
“Hey, that’s our world. I’ve had some luck, so I can’t complain. Now that my hair has gone grey, at least I get more interesting offers.”
Mr Crawford says that there was no problem until their boy came home over the holidays. He’s fifteen, a reliable student who has always seemed happy and well-adjusted, who had no trouble at the local school where he went before coming to the Priory School a year earlier. He’d begun playing rugby this year, and seemed to be fitting in after a somewhat difficult first year.
After a moment so silent that you could literally hear a pin drop, the auditorium erupted. Fans stood, screamed, wept, embraced one another, and exploded with elation.
He grinned. “I suppose they are. And I suppose I do trust my instincts too much. But it all turned out well. Tell me, Holmes, how did you happen to invent the same story I gave them in my statement? I was more than a little nervous that you would tell them something different. I was relying on you saying nothing.”
“And cake,” I added.
Already Watson is sinking into a deep state of unconsciousness. His skin is growing pale and cold, and soon he will appear not to breathe as all his resources focus on fixing the damage. Holmes lays his head on the still chest, listening. Every minute or so he hears the heart beat, pumping a bit of blood through his body. Not dead, just as close to Death as any human can come.
At nine he heads over to Barts to pick up some liver samples from Molly. She’s texted him twice, reminding him that she can’t hang on to them forever, that if he wants them he’d better come by today. He knows that this is just a pretext for her real agenda: deconstructing his blind date with John.
“Do you prefer
Sherlock tried for a non-creepy smile. “Indeed.”
“There’ve only been three victims so far that we know of, so it’s hard to say,” Lestrade says. “We don’t have a profile.”
“When you achieve enlightenment, you will die,” the monk said. “You will see things as they are. Then you will not be reborn. You will be at peace then, in perfect balance with Nature.”
He asked whether my mother had actually
“Make an appointment, get a referral. Find somebody you can talk this through with. Figure it out— before you screw up someone else’s life.”
I pulled my hand out of the trousers. “What is it, Watson?”
he thinks, but Sherlock’s
Holmes towers over him. “Come on,” he says, extending a hand.
“Because,” she said, clearly enjoying the suspense, “they’ve hired someone to write it.”
Mycroft sends over provisions, the biscuits Sherlock likes and a special soup the chef at the Diogenes makes, and Mrs Hudson bakes something every day. There’s more food in the flat than two grown men can possibly eat, but we try our best. Sherlock’s appetite picks up as the days go by.
And guest appearances by Sherlock Holmes, the arsehole who’s stalking him. He won’t think about that now. He’s miserable and lonely and drunk, and he’s going to fucking enjoy it.
blood). It should have been Sherlock’s blood (Sherlock, who carried in his brain a map of London with every back alley and side street). He took the side street, motioning for John to take the alley, thinking that they would reunite on the next street over and corner the suspect. If they’d done that, Sherlock could have taken a pipe to the side of his head, a knife to his belly. And he would have been okay with that, if John were unhurt.
He caught the box and opened it, then looked alarmed. “You’re proposing? So soon?”
I take his hands in mine. “Open your eyes. Look at me, Sherlock.”
“Did he know you were gay?”
“When I keep my mouth shut, I am lying,” I replied. “That is a sin as well, perhaps greater than surliness.”
“Seventies? You mean, bellbottoms and lava lamps and everything’s groovy?”
A couple days a week working at a small surgery gives John the reassurance that he’s returned to real life. Sherlock hasn’t made any fuss about paying the rent or buying the groceries, but John wants to do his part. It isn’t just the money; it’s being useful. He’s a doctor with some serious medical problems of his own, but he can’t just settle into the role of invalid. He needs to be a doctor, even if he can’t be a surgeon.
“Why is everyone so worried about what I’m feeling?”
, and maybe Mike would have some movie scripts for him to read.
the girl to marry her. Miss Wickham will not expect romance.”
What happened when John went to Afghanistan, Sherlock can only speculate. She had an affair, John said. She was writing books, creating a future for herself that didn’t depend on John. When he returned, she was well on her way towards that. She didn’t need John, didn’t care about him. The affair may have been the thing that told John it was over, but he was already out of the picture before that happened.
He set his hand next to mine. It was translucent, like an old photograph that has faded. Laying my hand against his, palm to palm, I could feel only the wave of cold, nothing of his skin or the shape of his hand. His eyes, however, opened in surprise at the touch and then the corners of his mouth quirked up. He was laughing, silently. I laughed, too. How could I fear a spirit that felt mirth?
“People are talking about us,” he told his flatmate.
This has been fun ;-)
“He was distracting you, feeding you a story that he hoped you would repeat to me in order to throw us off.”
I preferred the passive role in love-making, but had never liked being penetrated by another. Tonight, however, I lay on my back, letting John ease himself down on my prick, entering him from below. He was gorgeous like this, so beautifully debauched. I loved seeing the effect I could have on him, making him shudder and moan.
“Things rarely are. I cannot predict what the next few years will bring. I will do what I can.”
“What sort of school is it?” I asked.
She get up from the chair, begins to gather up the dishes he’s left all over the room. “That’s for him to decide, whether he wants to see you. And you’ll never know if you don’t ask him.”
The long fingers are cooler than he expects. They trace the edges of the scar, the pale eyes seeming to see the bullet enter, travel through the shoulder, pulling flesh with it. One day it might fade to silver, smooth out, but now it is red, a physical map of the moment John almost died. The moment he lost whatever it was he thought he had.
I cleared my throat. “We shall most certainly go to meet this person, whoever he is. I shall go, of course. And Dr Watson is the very man to accompany us.”
Mycroft frowns at his brother and continues. “It is a paradox. We can with almost perfect accuracy predict great events which result from numerous small, unpredictable events. Randomness produces an outcome which, when looked at mathematically, seems inevitable.” He raises his glass to Sherlock and John. “As I say, you may have met in any number of ways, but I believe that the universe would always have brought you together. Any other outcome would have been impossible. Let us raise our glasses to inevitability.”
He gestures at Holmes, who lost his a-shirt during the encore. “What about you? You look like… like…”
The man is looking for a flatmate, obviously, and that is why he is here. This morning, when Sherlock said he must be a difficult person to find a flatmate for, Stamford smiled. And now here he is, potential flatmate in tow.
I probably should have asked which Rosamund was in a bit of trouble. When I arrived at the school office, a girl I’d never seen was waiting for me. She had blond hair with pink highlights.
“I will resume my duties if you promise that you won’t lie to me or deliberately deceive me ever again. Stop running off and being a hero. Let me protect you sometimes.”
But until now, he hadn’t been happy. Just surviving, really. And now that he’d stumbled into real happiness, he saw what he’d missed. It wasn’t something he could give up. But a relationship with John would change his life, and as much as he wanted it, it worried him a bit. Like Alex Tribble, he was an alien in an unfamiliar world, surrounded by a culture he didn’t understand, a language he didn’t speak.
“Where?” This was an even greater shock than marriage, which I had expected. It had never occurred to me that he might leave London. “Where did he go?”
“Tell me more about that.”
He likes Sarah. She’s pretty, intelligent, and doesn’t hesitate to say what she thinks. Her sense of humour is rather dark, like his own; he enjoys trading observations with her, laughing about the things that make their work interesting and difficult. Six months ago, he would have asked her out.
On the appointed day, I was waiting at the port, watching each person as they disembarked, looking for the only one who mattered.
“Obviously.” He sinks down on the sofa, staring at his hands.
This was funny because Alex had never heard of the concept of
Sherlock paused on the path, waiting for John to catch up. It wasn’t his shorter legs that were slowing John down. It was the ghosts.
She gave him a cheeky smile. “And do you examine patients as well?”
In an hour he knows. Moriarty is dead. Not an immortal, just a clever man who guessed what Holmes is and taunted him with what he can never have. Whatever the man knew about regeneration has died with him. Holmes must learn for himself.
Nodding, he reached out as if to touch me. As always, his hand went right through me. While it gave me a kind of thrill when that happened, I saw what he was trying to do. He wanted to touch me. He was drawn towards my warmth, my blood and breath. He missed what he once had and could never again experience.
“I guess I am a romantic. I haven’t been very successful, either, though.” He smiles back at Sherlock, who is studying him a bit uncertainly. “I am open to the experiment.”
“So…” He’s still trying to incorporate this information into his world view. All this time he’s been imagining Holmes with a beautiful woman on his arm, sauntering down the street with hordes of admiring females in his wake. “Do you have a boyfriend?”
And all at once he sees the flat through Sherlock’s eyes. It truly is awful. Depressing. Soul-killing. He sees the cracks in the ceiling that have never been patched, the stained carpet, the baseboard falling off in the kitchen, revealing mould. The walls haven’t been painted since 1969, he guesses. And whoever chose the colour palette back then, well, maybe it looked more pleasing when it was freshly done.
He goes on cases with Sherlock. If Lestrade is doing the summoning, it’s normally a murder, and John has learned his role at a scene. He’s a doctor, but Anderson is the forensic tech, and even though the man is an arse, he isn’t a complete idiot and can usually get the medical basics right— time of death, signs of violence, and anything else pertaining to the condition of the body. John has seen a lot of violent death, but the violence he’s seen has mostly been caused by artillery. These deaths are poisonings, stranglings, stabbings, drownings, and occasionally shootings. He knows this landscape too, having worked for a time in emergency medicine, but he tries not to overstep.
The next time, Sherlock described to Lestrade (rather tearfully) how John had promised to return in one piece when he left for Afghanistan.
When we arrived at the flat, my plan was to collapse on the sofa and take a nap while pretending to be in my Mind Palace. I was hoping John might join me and run his fingers through my hair. I would put on a shooting movie to lure him to the sofa.
From a distance, it all looks different. Harry had tried, several times, to quit drinking. This latest might be as doomed as the other attempts, but at least she recognises that she has a problem and is trying to do something about it. The last time, right before he’d shipped out, she’d asked him to have a little faith in her.
“He’s moving out.”
He blinks, squints, and the letters come into focus.
“This is just the first draft,” Irene interceded smoothly. “First drafts always need revision. Right now we’re just trying to get a feel for the characters. You’re all years older now, and need to find who your character is now—“
“Don’t you see? They didn’t even bother with a DNA analysis of the remains. They assumed simply because he’d been missing, and they’d found a body—“
I don’t dwell on my own grief; that has been solved, though like his wounds, it’s still tender. I tell him about Lestrade, who never gave up on him, and Molly, who kept his secret.
Ten years. He had become a worthy assistant — no, he was truly a partner now, in more than just name. He could practically read my mind, knew my methods and my moods. Perhaps it had been a mistake to let him become indispensable. That would make it much harder now to part ways. It was necessary, though, to keep him safe.
The two detectives finally agreed that we should all go to the scene, minus Watson, who should remain locked up.
It doesn’t matter. Watson knows him, can see what he is feeling. Anger, regret, and something else that Holmes himself hasn’t yet defined, doesn’t want to define.
“That’s… good. What will happen next?” He thought about how John might have to come forward, relive what had been done to him. That would be up to John, of course.
“Why not? You’re my dad.”
“Right now, yes. He’s doing the job Lestrade asked him to do.”
Did he ever mention Mary? No, he hasn’t said the word
Bursting through the door, he pauses, gasping at what he sees.
He hears the front door open and close, Mary calling out for them. He stands up and comes to meet her.
He remembers being in a bar, drinking with some people. Going home sounded like a good idea. But that wasn’t what he was doing. It was hot, loud, and close in the bar. Suffocating. Too much to drink. Needed some air.
“You bastard.” Holding on to me, he sobbed. “You utter bastard. Where have you been?”
“Hm?”
John doesn’t sleep in Sherlock’s bed, or sneak into it during the night. Now that he’s better, he sleeps upstairs in his own bed, and then comes downstairs and wakes up Sherlock, who has fallen asleep on the sofa.
of the space, no doubt.
So he didn't say anything. If it was important to Sherlock to have a childhood friend who still put up with him, didn’t mind living with him, John was all right with a little deception. He smiled at Greg, muttered something like,
Watson looked a bit startled. “Requested?”
I hate to see her like this. Standing from my chair, I cross to her, lean down and kiss her on the cheek.
“I think you need to lie down. Yes, there’s a good fellow. Now, I’ll perch here beside you and pretend I’m waking you up.” He sat and began to shake Watson. “Come, Watson, Come! The game is afoot! Not a word! Out of your clothes and come!”
“Because… you’re… you’re dressed like Freddy Mercury.”
But when they lie together like this, sated and still, he could almost renounce his decision not to love.
show runners have a few ideas for next season, if you’re open to them.”
.” He’s pronouncing words carefully, he notices, because his lips are not fully cooperating. Speech is such a complicated thing.
This brought him back to the new manager.
He drinks because he’s afraid he’ll always be alone and sometimes that’s more than he can bear.
“I don’t like to eat while I’m working. Slows me down.”
“No,” Sherlock said. “As I was passing Tesco, I remembered the milk. And that it’s your turn to buy.”
“Cut?” said Molly, finding her voice. “But we need all the backstory for new viewers. A lot of kids will be seeing this for the first time.”
Ms Morstan sounded like she was at the end of a very short rope. “If you give me your address, I’ll come and get her.”
He obeys. “You were there,” he says. “Stalking me again.”
“What about this woman— Mary?” He fidgets with his empty mug.
He laughed. “You are hard-headed, Will, and quite ridiculous. I hope you will keep your word, and not forget me while you are sailing around, plundering and looting.”
“I’m working,” he says. “Some research. I promised Lestrade I’d have something for him.”
For those of you dying for another glimpse of John Watson, that will happen in the next chapter. ;-)
. “Most relationships have things that need to be worked out, regardless of sexual identification or orientation. You’re two individuals with your own experiences and feelings. It’s unrealistic to expect that you will
Holmes doesn’t make a sound.
“Life.”
Holmes sat up, glaring at the salesman. “I don’t believe this one is going to fit in your room, Watson.”
“John. I know you thought he’d be fine, but he wasn’t.”
“Well, he wasn’t that great an actor,” Anderson said. “He had a look that our target audience liked, that’s all. Blond, cute. He’d probably be stout and bald now, if he were—”
intimate with you, in fact, and not just tonight. But we do need to talk about it.”
He will take John home to meet Mummy and Daddy, and they will love him. He and John will sleep in the room with the wallpaper, and Sherlock will show him all his collections— bones and bugs and fossils.
And yet his own heart seems to stop for a moment, contemplating what it would mean if Watson died and he lived. This is why people love, he thinks, because whatever we can lose becomes precious to us. To experience that moment of Death, he might finally be able to see the borders of that country. Only when he can see beyond will he let himself love.
Watson: I confess myself a bit stimulated as well. Home, then?
The gun isn’t of any use to me now, anyway. I’m not going to kill myself, and I no longer run after the criminal classes. I’m just an ex-blogger, ex-colleague of a consulting detective, somebody who had his picture in the paper a couple times. Few people recognised me then. Nobody recognises me now.
Watson laughed, a sound I would never tire of hearing. “If he did, I would not know him, Mr Holmes. I would wonder what had happened to my stroppy, impatient, completely unreasonable partner.”
I don’t fall asleep. I stare at the ceiling. Then I try closing my eyes. All I want is to drop into a deep, dreamless sleep so I can wake up in the morning and walk through my day like a normal person. I don’t want to be a person whose eyes fill with tears when he sees a long coat, or a pink phone, or a blue scarf. I don’t want to feel a dull ache in my chest when I open the door of 221B and look up the stairs, knowing that you’re not there.
Another cheer when the door opens. John turns and sees Freddy Mercury. Well, it’s actually Sherlock Holmes wearing a chevron moustache and the trademark a-shirt under a fake fur jacket.
, rather. She will refuse to be outlived by any of us, Mycroft, not even her own children, if she can help it.”
John was watching Sherlock and frowning a bit.
singular,” she says. “I know you’re going to text my dad.”
He sighs, remembering Mycroft’s warning. And he thinks about that night when they kissed in the stairwell. That tiny spark of hope is still there, flaring up every time he thinks he can do without John. Maybe he won’t have to. John hasn’t expressed any desire to leave, and Sherlock really hasn’t given him a chance to complain. Neither of them have drawn a line. He can simply pretend it’s all fine.
“You sure? You haven’t figured it out then.”
“Immensely.” I pulled his trousers down and pushed him into the chair where Miss Morstan had been sitting. “I don’t share, Watson.” I took his prick in my mouth, running my tongue around the head, already glistening with fluid.
“Oh, Edith,” said Miss Ashton-Farbridge. “You mustn’t ask such things. You embarrass him!”
“Just sleep with me. I want to touch you.”
He spends another hour pretending to do research for the non-existent case, while John eats spring rolls and offers him tea. Finally, it’s too much. John is either being devious or oblivious. Maybe he doesn’t know it yet, but he’s going back to his wife and daughter, and will give in to his sense of duty. He’ll be very sorry, and will tell Sherlock he didn’t mean to hurt him, but it will most definitely hurt.
“You’ll let me burn it later,” he replies. “Everyone will thank me.”
Again and again the whip flies, and I feel myself shredding. I’m crying, my tears watering his back, giving my sorrow to him, a poor sacrifice for all he’s given me. I give him all the grief I’ve felt for two years, my regret for letting him protect me when he didn’t see himself as worthy of my love and protection. I give myself to him, and know that if I have to die to save him, I will not hesitate. He made that decision two years ago for me, and I was angry. Now, I understand.
He sat up and looked down at me. “Please tell me, Sherlock, if you ever tire of me. I would rather part as friends than see you drift away.”
Mary Morstan.
Holmes falls in slow motion. By the time his reputation is in tatters, he has nothing more to lose. No puzzles, no friends, no Watson.
I shrugged. “Perhaps I’m mean-spirited. I could not think of any woman I’d want to imagine with you. I invented one who complained constantly.”
“I did.” He sets another plate of eggs in front of him.
We all took a seat in one of the interrogation rooms. I lit a cigarette, gathering my thoughts. This would be a test, I understood, of how well I knew my Watson.
“Is this cooking wine?” John takes another swallow and squints into his glass. “For dinner I was going to make that thing.”
When he finally calls Harry, he feels guilty. She should have been the first person he called. Not that there is anyone else to call. He told Ella, because almost getting murdered is the sort of thing you tell your therapist, even if you don’t feel like talking about it. And he told David, his physiotherapist, because he’s not sure what happened to his leg that he can walk normally now. No pain at all.
A deep sigh. “Put her on the line, please.”
After Philip left, I set the table up, sat in the chair and considered how to fix the mess I’d created. After several minutes, I shook my head, muttering, “Idiot.” Watson was an idiot, Philip was an idiot, and I was most certainly an idiot.
“If they have both married for love, you will quit smoking—”
Matt smiles. “Seems to have an emotional investment in the case. Or maybe it’s you he’s invested in.”
Holmes sighs, grabs his arm and pulls him out of the cab. “No, Watson, the cabbie has cleverly kidnapped us and brought us to his lair. Fortunately I have anticipated his fiendish plot.” He throws a few notes through the window. “Hurry now, we can escape before he catches on.”
I told him about my parents. Though it had only been a few years, it felt like a long time. I remembered my mother, her hair shorn, lying still in her casket. I did not tell him how my father died; no one had ever explained to me what happened, but I knew that it was no accident.
“Dammit, Holmes!”
“Indeed,” I said. Inasmuch as a ghost can look
“Because I need to see how the bed will accommodate two people.”
“The method of Loci,” Philip was saying. “Of course I have read of it. Cicero describes it primarily with reference to oratory, naturally. But for you it is more than a rhetorical tool, is it not?”
Something is out there in the water. A small boat, perhaps. No sail. The water can get choppy out there, even when it seems calm. He watches, wondering.
The tree under which he’d been buried must have been a mere sapling when he died. It was now the largest left in the grove, though I could see it had been damaged like the others and would be taken down just as soon as the graves were removed. I wondered how John would feel about that, whether he would find his new resting place or simply fade away.
“Somebody drugged me. I almost got killed.”
If Mycroft didn’t agree— well, Sherlock had some leverage there. He was done accepting Mycroft’s ridiculous explanations, his passive-aggressive manipulation. If he had to, he would call Mummy.
I know Greg pretty well. He’s sad too. And I haven’t seen him since the funeral. He texted me once, and I think I replied. I open my phone and check.
on John, things became even more embarrassing, and friendship was outside of the range of possibilities. John was friendly, but he was also
“About John.”
Sherlock, ever the strategist, responded by snaking a hand inside John’s shirt and grabbing his nipple.
. There was no
Almost at once Watson regrets denying that one word,
Lestrade takes it. “Jay Eccles. I’m seeing him too.”
Lestrade doesn’t remark on his swift recovery. Like most people, he is slow to notice things that are improbable, and never gives a moment’s thought to the impossible.
“I don’t care who their fathers are.” Holmes speaks quietly, but Watson can hear the contempt in his voice. “The police don’t care, either. I’m a detective. My work is putting bullies where they can’t hurt other people. A crime has been committed, and someone needs to be held accountable. You’re not a murderer, Charles. You’re a boy who sees injustice and wants to change that. Will you help us?”
“It has been a remarkable life,” said his companion. “You truly found your calling, I believe. Did you ever solve the case that started you off, the
“Jones will want to catalogue that,” I remarked. Inwardly, I rejoiced at his lost hopes. He was still mine, though he might wish he were hers. “I’ll send him a telegram asking him to come by.”
John has broken up with the boring teacher. Before her, there was the one with the spots, and the one with the nose before that. None of the women adored John Watson, but Sherlock doesn’t count any of these failed attempts as a victory. Even if he never finds another woman to date, John doesn’t see his flatmate as anything but a friend.
“Did anything seem odd to you about it?” I finally ask.
Sherlock turned to Irene, who was tearing the foil off a bottle of champagne. Molly was handing out glasses.
“Mr Allen is my research assistant,” Bellamy explained. “We’re looking into the creation of flexible plastic film in photography. If you’d like, come by our lab and he’ll explain it to you.”
Irene smiled tightly. “We have sixty minutes, maybe, to put this show on. If the producer thinks it’s too slow, he’ll cut our time. Let’s save our minutes for some of the later scenes.”
She never asks about anything John is doing. Except now.
He made a small scoff of irritation. “Your
“Pay no heed to my brother,” Mycroft said. “Our father died many years ago— of a
He’s reached the landing now. He stops and blinks a few times, trying to get his eyes to work. Feeling accomplished, he looks back down the stairway. That’s a lot of steps, and he has evidently climbed them all. Unless flying is a thing now.
"Holmes…” He frowned. “And who is the lucky lady?”
. Or 221B not being full of your things, the smell of your aftershave and your experiments, all the memories of you being there, sitting in your chair or pacing endlessly or sleeping on the sofa.
“What does marriage have to do with romance?” I said. “It is a business arrangement, pure and simple. You do not have to
“I did, once I realised John was in London. You’re not the only one who didn’t believe the suicide story. And you’re not the only one who’s been doing homework on John Watson. Fortunately your investigation didn’t end with you murdered at the hands of your former co-star. I paid him a visit a few days after yours, explained my idea to him, and he agreed.” She smirked. “I might also have mentioned that you’d been in love with him since you were twelve and have been pining for all these years.”
“Hm?”
She promises to send him the information; within minutes, he receives an email. He makes the call, sets up an appointment with Dr Eccles, and asks to be added to the support group.
He made a non-committal sound, unwilling to say just how much he was afraid Greg was right. “Irene’s got her eye on him. If he wants a career, he had better do as she says.” Sherlock glanced at his phone. “It’s about time to head back.”
Her eyes flutter open and she startles again. But she’s seen a lot of deaths, many of them odd in some way. Maybe she’s even seen a dead man come back to life.
Standing suddenly, Sherlock begins to pace angrily. “I don’t want to have that talk. I’d just as soon cut to the part where you move out and I don’t have to watch your indecision dragging out the inevitable. It’s painful. Leave
The door opens and Molly enters. To her credit, she doesn’t scream. She does faint, though, quietly dropping to the floor, her eyes rolling back. While he might flee now, be out of London before she calls Lestrade to report a missing corpse, Molly might also buy him some time. She always looks at him with affection, though he can hardly understand why. Her eyes are red now; she’s been crying, grieving for him. She won’t betray him. Really, he has no other choice.
. He had no reason or desire to share his sexual preferences or identity with the world. The idea of
He should have seen it coming. John isn’t perceptive enough to catch him in a lie, but he is friends with Lestrade. “Probably for the same reason you’ve been lying to me, John.”
John struggles with the side of himself that loves Sherlock. He stumbles over introductions, preferring words like
His phone buzzes. Hoping it might be Sherlock, he flips the screen open.
I doubted that Watson and I would have such a glad reunion. Emotional, yes. Possibly angry.
What an idiot he has been! If he’d just asked John to be his flatmate, he might have kept him. He could have had John, loved him silently. After such a cruel rejection, John must hate him. He’s a stubborn man, and even if Molly pleads with him, he’ll never say a word against Sherlock.
, the people who did all the things behind the scenes so that when viewers turned on the telly on Friday night, they would see their favourite alien and all his friends having another adventure. If all he could have was a few hours a week, a few weeks out of the year where John pretended to be his best friend, he would take that. The show would end, eventually, and they would both move on.
to her bosom and reassured him that he would keep his room, that
, I text back.
“Oh, but we must see you afterwards,” Mrs Bellamy said. “Perhaps we can take some refreshment together?”
Mike left me a bottle. Something herbal, to help me sleep. He’s a careful doctor, a cautious man, and knows me well enough to understand what kind of pain this is.
Rosamund/Ariel gave me a John Watson mini-scowl. “I don’t care about roses, and I don’t have a rosy mouth. Ariel is a better name. It’s a princess name in Disney, and it’s a fairy name in Shakespeare
Watson nodded. “Ah, yes. Moriarty.”
That time, maybe it was more about his wife. If he seemed uncomfortable, it could be because she made him uncomfortable, swanning over to the table with the man she’s left him for. She was showing off, looking for a reaction from him. He wanted to her leave, not provoke more questions from her.
I choose my words with care. “I believe… no, not a trick. But there were things happening that he didn’t tell me. At the end, I didn’t know what he was doing. If I’d had any idea— but I trusted him.”
I set out to adapt “The Adventure of Charles Augustus Milverton,” published in 1905. In that story, Holmes and Watson take the law into their own hands, breaking into Milverton’s house and stealing letters belonging to their client. They get away with it, and at the end, Lestrade comes to consult Holmes, who declines to be involved, stating, “No, Lestrade,  there are certain crimes which the law cannot touch, and which therefore, to some extent, justify private revenge.”
I’d never actually looked at my situation in this way. Once I saw my cousin’s taunting as jealousy, it was easier to bear.
Miss Wickham smiled, her eyebrows raised. “Do tell!”
had never been filmed before an audience, and though it had a huge fan base, he’d never felt their devotion like this before, as an almost physical force.
Mike smiled. “Take a couple days off. We’ll talk soon.”
The heavy-footed man who climbed the stairs and entered our rooms was about the size and shape of Mr Hosmer Angel, as Miss Sutherland had described him, but in every trivial respect entirely different. He was clean-shaven, wore no tinted spectacles, and had a decisive manner that was evident from the moment he removed his shiny top-hat, set it on the sideboard, and made a stiff bow.
Wickham and his wife seemed like people too ordinary for my mother to bother about, which told me that she had sought them out specifically with Watson in mind. Perhaps she had met them through one of her charities. My brother spent spent the fish course allowing Mrs Wickham to tell him about her sons, the main course interrogating Mr Wickham, the banker, about the minutiae of that business. He has a gift for making boring people talk because he is equally boring.
Sometimes I think all that was just an experiment. You know he loved pushing the limits.” He sighs deeply and shakes his head. “I guess it’s hard to know what’s going on in a person’s head. Especially Sherlock’s.”
“We’ve made a few adjustments, improved the pace.” Irene smiled at Molly. “And I think we’ve still managed to retain the best parts of the original.”
“You weren’t afraid of dying, then? I know I was.”
Rosie jumps up, bumping the table and shaking the teacups. “I’m going to go see.”
She shakes her head, still frowning. “That was two weeks ago, Sherlock. I had to get rid of it.”
I glanced around. None of the other travellers or their welcoming parties were paying us any heed. “This is neither the time nor the place for such a discussion,” I said quietly. “For now, I will only say that there is nothing you could do that would make me regret having you back. I hope you will not hold it against me too much that I did not tell you I was alive.” I leaned in close, whispering. “I will tell you all, and then hope you will forgive me, Watson.”
“That’s exactly what people say when they’re confused and delirious.”
” I helpfully supplied. “And possibly
So. Holmes would swirl in again. He’d deduce that this was Watson’s seventh scotch, not his sixth. Something about the size of his pupils or the shakiness of his hand as he raises the glass to his mouth.
“She doesn’t want to talk about it, not to anyone. It involves a boy.”
“I remember. It’s just—“ he breaks off, not sure how to say what he’s feeling.
“No, listen,” said Molly. “Richard is an actor. He can—“
“He wanted me,” he said. “On Xextar, he is a dangerous criminal who escaped confinement. He came here for me.”
The man who pushes the door open looks grimly determined. His greying hair is spiked, as if he’s been running a hand through it all night.
My heart had always been his, though he might doubt that now. He’d
“Such a pretty girl,” the mother said, touching her eyes with the edge of her apron. “We quarrelled, that morning. She’d been seeing a boy, and I said she was too young. The words we spoke to one another I will never forget. I only wish…” Her lips trembling, she bowed her head.
He wonders if Greg has told his wife, and what she said. Greg has several children, he thinks, probably Rose’s age or older.
“Then you’d best get to him before I do.”
Edith Wickham was twenty-four. The two girls were evidently friends, Lenore being the sweet, pretty one, and Edith her plain but witty companion. She had older brothers, all married. Her father was a bank clerk. She had auburn hair and a freckled face. Not ugly, but certainly no match in beauty for Watson. Her manners suggested that she had grown up a tomboy, romping with her brothers. She had a blunt way of saying things, a laugh that was occasionally too forward. She would marry Watson if her parents told her to, I deduced. Otherwise, she would end up serving as a governess for a wealthy family.
“I have one rule.” Sherlock is glaring at him, which makes him look rather deranged. “You’re not allowed to die.”
John read. “That’s… very thoughtful, Sherlock.” He turned the page. “Are buttocks also a symbol of love?”
He would open his eyes, but it’s too painful. And he already knows who it is. “Sherlock.”
His life is triage, assessing the hurt and putting his efforts where they are most needed. Right now, Rosie needs him more than Sherlock.
Molly’s lips trembled. She closed her eyes. “Why do you always say such horrible things?”
“I’m no longer a boy, Holmes, and neither are you. We’ve known one another for years. You’ve put me through medical school, given me everything you promised. Don’t ask me to leave you now, not when I owe you so much.” His eyes shone with tears. “If you fear something is going to happen to you, at least keep me at your side. I could not forgive myself if I went off and left you, not even if you order me to go.”
“I think we would get along,” he replies. “And no, I wasn’t looking for a flatmate. I wasn’t even looking for romance. And yet, here you are.”
“Because I have been careful. I have made sure he didn’t know. When I return—“
He’s angry, so angry— with Sherlock, with himself, with Mary. He should have refused Mary and stayed with Sherlock over the weekend. They might have been able to talk things out.
“Don’t worry, John. I’ve got a feeling that you two will click.”
“Odds. No recent casualties in Iraq. They’re getting ready to pull out. More troops are currently in Afghanistan.”
The movement of the train was lulling, and he was just beginning to relax a bit when a feeling came over him. He opened his eyes. Someone across the aisle was looking at him in a way that said he’d been spotted. It happened fairly often these days.
The restaurant is one he’s never tried, recommended by Mycroft. Angelo’s might feel more like home territory, but if it goes badly, he doesn’t want to spoil future dinners at his favourite restaurant with the memory of an evening gone wrong, or to have witnesses to the disaster. If it goes well, if there is
Over the years, Watson has felt a lot of anger towards his father. An impotent rage, seeing as the man died years ago. He and Harry have carried that anger for years, and what has it done for them? Maybe Harry has already learned that lesson, and that’s why she’s stopped drinking, moved on from Clara. But what has John done, other than cling to his anger and disappointment as if there were someone who could still answer to all that? There is no answer, in fact.
“I don’t remember leaving with him,” Watson says. “What did you see? Did he… was I…”
. They’ll tape tomorrow and it’ll be shown on Friday. Oh, and asked around about our co-star, Rich Brook.”
She handed the phone back to me. “What would you like me to do with her?” I asked.
Watson raises his teacup to his lips. “Oh? About what?”
Watson stood frozen for a moment, then took the coat off the chair, holding it so the man could slip his arms into the sleeves.
She turned to Watson, who was flushed and beginning to perspire. “Mr Watson will be introduced to the Wickhams and their daughter Edith this evening. It might be a stretch, but they are humble enough that having a doctor as a son-in-law will please them. In your case a long engagement would be sensible, allowing you time to build your practice. They are aware that you do not come from money, but by no means should you say that you were raised in poverty. You may tell them that your father was a physician who sent you to the best schools he could afford. In Edinburgh, I think. The culture there is more refined than that of Northumberland. It would be best not to mention your military service; your lack of decorations and distinction will not add anything to your character. Your accent is not a problem, since you have clearly moderated it, but try not to sound uneducated. I assume that Sherlock has taught you how to behave in polished society. A handsome face may go a long ways, but manners will tip the balance.” She scrutinised his face with intent. “The moustache lends you an appearance of more maturity than you possess. You may keep it.”
He looks at it. The screen says
Before the alien could reach him, Alex pointed the object at Fake Jason and pressed a button, instantly freezing him in a paroxysm of rage.
Stefan laughs. “Well, they had Clapton, didn’t they?”
Lestrade nods. “Okay, so someone moved him, for a reason unknown.”
“Noted. For what it’s worth, a monk’s life would seem like wild times when compared with mine.”
“I was only thinking of you.” Mycroft is not looking at Sherlock. He takes a biscuit and nibbles at it as if that were the thing he’s focused on. He doesn’t do apologies; those are for the losing side, and Mycroft will never admit that he’s lost. But he is feeling something. It shows in his studied avoidance. He raises his cup to his lips and takes a sip before speaking. “Emotions are not your area, and I did not want to see you relive things that we’d all rather forget.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “I can’t. He’s everything good in my life, and I will carry him with me. I’m doing this for him, remember, so he will live.”
John laughs. “Idiot.”
“No,” John said. “It’ll take a year to plan what you’re thinking of. I’m not going through that— picking out flowers and colours and photographers—“
“No.”
“Agreed.”
“Hand me your revolver.” I tucked it into my pocket with my own.
is the right word, but I’m with my flatmate. So not dating, living together. He’s… he’s gay, and I decided to be open… after Mary, I mean. I thought I’d try. See if I’m… really.”
I hurried back to the study, where Watson had just succeeded in getting the safe open. I knelt beside him and began shuffling through the papers, “Someone is up. You must go, and I will be directly behind you. Wait for me at the iron fence.”
“No, there’s no physical violence at all. Sherlock isn’t like that. And I could never hurt him.”
And Holmes will reply,
I dressed myself as a labourer, attaching a goatee and covering my hair with a tattered cap. Swaggering into the sitting room, I paused to see what affect my appearance would have on Watson.
Hands shaking, he fills the kettle and flicks it on. Tea will calm him.
had little appeal for him, except that he would no longer be concerned with hiding who he was.
I have no idea what time it is, but my heart is pounding and I’m on the phone, calling Mycroft’s number.
Richard Brook did not seem harmless. As they played the scene together, Sherlock felt an edginess he rarely experienced. It was as if the man were pushing the script into real life, giving it a double meaning, an unintended subtext. There was obsession there. When he exchanged lines with Brook, it no longer felt like a comedy for kids.
“I don’t know how open he would be. Maybe I should come alone a couple times before that.”
“You’re a criminal!” I cried. “A thief!” I felt that there were even worse things I might have accused him of, but I could not name them. Tears filled my eyes. “You’re a… a book murderer!” I flew at him, striking out.
If Sherlock hadn’t shown up at the party looking like
, of why it is important and why the alien wants it,” he said. “Otherwise it makes no sense.”
Dennis, who seems real enough, and hardly the waiter my dream brain would supply, returns to see if there is anything I need. “Mr Holmes will be here shortly,” he informs me.
It’s not crowded in the cafe because it’s early for lunch. Since he slept through breakfast, this is ideal. He takes a corner table, where he can watch the entrance while enjoying his meal.
“Mr Lestrade, how many cases have I solved for you? And for you, Mr Gregson?”
The words are right here, in his mouth, on his lips, and he wants to say them, give them to John as a last gift.
Well, his neighbour downstairs didn’t mind the violin, which was a point in her favour, but she was a woman. Not his area.
19 Gascoigne Place, Number 7
The music queues up. It’s mesmerising how Sherlock struts around the not-a-stage, posturing and using his hands to look both fastidious and precise. He’s obviously practiced. His hips— god, the man can dance! John grins, shaking his head. Sherlock Holmes doesn’t do anything halfway.
She shrugs. “Not sure. I’ve never been asked.”
They stare daggers at one another. Finally Sherlock huffs and looks away. “Then I’ll just have to move in with you.”
The reply is an unblinking stare.
Sherlock is still looking at him. “Sit, John. Daisy and I were just talking.”
As soon as Dennis vanishes, Sherlock says, “I dreamed of you. Sometimes. When I was… in a bad place.” He says this so quietly, I have to lean forward to catch his last words.
How to Recognise a Disguise 101: hair colour, eyewear, facial hair, blend-into-the-crowd clothing. I do remember a few things Sherlock taught me.
“You wish you hadn’t spent years hating me.” He kisses John’s forehead. “If it makes you feel any better, hate isn’t the opposite of love. Indifference is the absence of either, and therefore the opposite of both. Love and hate are strong emotions which can exist simultaneously.
“I need to call Mary,” he says when they break away.
Watson finds Holmes later. He’s cleaned and bandaged the boy’s neck and taken him to the Headmaster’s office to wait for his parents to arrive. He brings tea and a sandwich for Holmes, who hasn’t taken a break from questioning the boys, and insists that he take a few moments to bring Watson up to speed.
of Wednesday, but has decided that he just needs to get over himself, stop agonising about it.
And he will make up some lie that will distance him from this, the way he always lies about it. To be honest, most of those lies are just John talking to himself.
“They aren’t imaginary,” he says, chastened. “He’s seeing a counsellor.”
“Well?” Sherlock says. “Let’s get it over with, shall we?”
He takes his cane and exits the restroom. As he limps back to the table, he sees Sherlock handing his credit card to the waiter.
He opens the closet. There are some clothes hung here, old dresses and out of season coats in dry-cleaning bags. There are shoe boxes stacked on the shelf above. On the floor in the back he spots two boxes labeled
“A stranger attacked you without provocation?”
It’s the uncertainty that’s miserable. He simply doesn’t know what’s going on in Sherlock’s brain. He lies awake, trying to solve it. Eventually he must have drifted off because when he wakes, there’s light coming through the curtains.
I did as he asked, hating myself but seeing no alternative.
“Yeah, and his patients are almost exclusively men who are just coming out as gay or bi.”
“I see. But if I am to pretend to court Miss Wickham, I will not deceive her. You may think my moral qualities weak, but I stop at this, encouraging her affections when I have no intention of marrying her. She seems a fine girl, and I refuse to play the Lothario. Are you really going to propose to Miss Ashton-Farbridge?”
(See the end of the chapter for
The other Rosamund jumped to her feet. “I’ll run down to Speedy’s and see if they’ll give us some. They know my dads.”
kind of luck), but still good enough to give him a leg-up.
This was the sentence that most disturbed me. I only hoped that the ticket had found its way to his hands and that he was on board now, sailing home to me.
On the pavement, I stand, waiting. Patience isn’t always rewarded— not until it’s been tested. Maybe I’ll have to come back tomorrow, and the next day, and the day after that. I will become a fixture if I have to.
“Fourth attempt. Fortunately, the victim survived.”
. The maker?”
The man wore glasses, wire-rimmed. Behind them, familiar eyes were watching Sherlock, waiting.
, anyway? It’s not really an adult thing. Adults have bosses, spouses, friends, lovers… John has two therapists (talk and physio), a few mates he never sees (because they actually have lives, complete with spouses and children), neighbours he never sees (because they have jobs) — and Sherlock Holmes.
Emma frowned crossly. “I mean, he
For the next twenty minutes, Allen held forth on various cameras and the development of colour photography. Bellamy was silent, regarding his young assistant with a look I recognised. It had been a long time, but the man had not changed.
One could set a clock by Watson’s habits, I thought as I heard the feet pause at the door, a sudden intake of breath.
“Sorry,” he said as he reached Sherlock.
There’s music, but it’s not so deafening that they can’t hear each other. Sam is also a doctor-in-training, same specialisation as Christopher, which explains how they all met.
The flat, what he can see of it, is chaos. Boxes full of what look like files and old newspapers are piled next to the bookcases, which are overflowing with an eclectic assortment of books— history, biology, chemistry, forensics. Teacups without saucers sit on the mantelpiece, the windowsill, and the floor. Random items of clothing— a shirt, a dressing gown, a scarf, are draped over the chairs. Sherlock Holmes might have a tidy mind, but his flat is a tip. Without the clutter, the room might feel cozy, lived-in.
“We’re flying?” Which would be much nicer than walking when his legs can’t seem to find the floor, but it’s a rather stupid thing to say.
“You can stop by Daunt and pick up a book for me.”
They say nothing more to each other until their food arrives.
Fine. That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think?
“Said he was at the Rock Garden and that someone he’d been watching had just disappeared.”
“Why wouldn’t I? Alex Tribble was never me, but I know how to play a role. I don’t need ghosts to convince an audience that the emotions I’m feigning are real.”
“I know you will, love.”
They gazed out over acres of shiny, quilted surfaces, white and blue.
at the age of twenty-two. After a string of popular films where she played a news reporter (
“No, I mean, I’m not tall enough—“ He shakes the strand of fairy lights in Sherlock’s face.
“But you had no problem letting other people cheat. That was—“
Holmes glared for a moment, then burst out laughing. “Oh, your face!”
“Sherlock Holmes, jealous?” she says, laughing. “Is she like all the other girlfriends you scared off?”
There it is. “You must be Violet.”
“What the hell is going on?” he mumbled into the pillow.
