“‘Kay. I need the loo. Get those off you.”
The figure leaning over him was tall and behind him was a bright blue light that flared and flashed. As Sherlock opened his eyes fully, the figure unfurled wings of dark navy blue. The tip of each feather was silver and they shone and flickered in the light.
have ever known”. He wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulled him in tight, both men beaming.
“Go on.”
“Please do not make me say it again. I have had a trying morning”
“How is he?”
“That’s an interesting thing. It is listed in his contacts as ‘Do not answer this number’. We are still trying to identify the number though, it’s just ringing out. You know what the phone companies are like with their privacy and stuff”.
The pair of them laugh so hard, that Sherlock forgets about his erection completely. They drift off to sleep, wrapped around each other, one or the other occasionally breaking the peace with a giggle.
“You are stunning in that suit. I could have dragged you into the nearest cleaning cupboard when I first saw you.” John’s hands stroke over the warm planes of Sherlock’s chest and trace his collarbones before moving down to undo his trousers. “I was watching your arse in these every time you turned round. Did you have them tailored for just the perfect amount of tension?”
For the prompt 'gardening'. Sherlock and his Mother come to a new understanding.
“You self-obsessed, insufferable prick! I
John’s eyebrows flew up at this statement. This was Sherlock Holmes, who had mastered Hungarian in a weekend. Apparently, one challenge came in the fact that Irish, unlike most other European languages, was not rooted in Greek and Latin. As a result, familiar letters made completely different sounds to those Sherlock was accustomed to.
Greg laughed, “Jesus John, you of all people should know how dangerous any point of weakness can be to a Holmes. If you think Sherlock’s got enemies, you should see all the people Croftie has pissed off over the years. If they knew about me, well, that could be game over for either of us. It’s not ideal, but I knew what I was getting into. We shall have to maintain separate houses but we’ll make it work, we’ve managed for two years and done so under the nose of the world’s greatest consulting detective. Bet he’s mad, isn’t he?”
“Don’t tell me you are coming over all roman” The end of the sentence was stopped in John’s throat by Sherlock turning and softly kissing him, just once and by the time the lift doors reopened they were both facing forward again, although John had a faintly silly smile.
Sherlock is back home and John is treating him with kid gloves but Sherlock needs to remind them who they really are.
That brings this little story to an end. I would like to dedicate it to all the great Daddies who fight for and protect their children everyday, although hopefully not from murderous mothers, and to all those parents who are both Mother and Father to their children.
Bloody Hell Watson, what is wrong with you? John berated himself as he walked down the busy streets to the clinic. You utter coward. How long are you going to keep avoiding the subject, hmm? Stopping to wait for a pedestrian crossing to turn green, John sighed out loud. He had been coping with his feelings for Sherlock for months now and nothing was getting any better, any easier. He had come to the startling realisation that he fancied Sherlock one Saturday morning as the other man had leaned over his desk tapping at his lap top and moving from one set of papers to another. Sherlock had been dressed in one of his impeccable suits at the time and all John could do was look at his arse. That delectable arse that he now longed to reach out and squeeze.
“John, I had no way…”
“Exactly. Exactly. Physician heal thy self. Unlike you, I am
Sherlock stared. John was wearing his new suit. It was dark blue wool silk blend with a subtle, dark green sheen as he moved back to the mirror to check his plain dark blue tie and straighten his white shirt collar. Facing Sherlock again, he struck a playful pose, one hand on his hip, aping a male model.
Just as they begin the descent into Dublin airport, John texts Professor Eoin Fitzgerald to confirm their arrival. He had spoken to the Head of Forensic Anthropology and Archaeology at the University of Dublin twice from Lestrade’s office when he had first stumbled across the disappearance of the Ballytoohin Hoard, Professor Fitzgerald having written a number of papers on the subject. At  first John’s enquiries had been met first with surprise and later, distrust.
“You …. Retired?”
“Jealous that Mycroft has someone to love him back at last and someone else to think about other than you, you sanctimonious, patronising hypocrite”. Sherlock lowered his head suddenly, the truth of what John was saying hitting him with force. Of course John was right, he was jealous and had snatched that microphone and made the announcement out of spite. He was suddenly ashamed.
“Yes. Please, John, please.” Sherlock moans greedily.
Working his way up from the back of Sherlock’s knees to his inner thighs, John spread the long legs wider so he could see better. There were a few scars on the insides of the thighs but as John pressed his tongue into the sensitive spot where the top of Sherlock’s thighs met his balls and he began to lick and kiss, he was dismayed to see a few of the tiny scars here in that most delicate of places.
Sherlock had opened his eyes and found himself still on the sofa. It had all been a dream, he had fallen asleep in his Mind Palace. He sat at up and went to make tea.
“Oh, you are mine alright. No one else’s, ever again. Do you understand me?” Possessively, he rubs his hands up under the T-shirt to smooth the planes of Sherlock’s chest, rubbing and pinching both nipples. He lifts the T-shirt to lick and suck on each nipple in turn, making Sherlock keen.
God, thinks John, he really is loving this. Maybe all he has ever really wanted is for Sherlock to be happy after all. “We haven’t made any plans yet,” he smiles, “I think The Times might be a bit unnecessary though. What about you Sherlock?”
"John. I mean, please, call me John."
Here we are at the end of March and the end of the story. Thank you all for reading and your lovely comments. Now onto  the April Sherlock Challenge.
I want you to behave!” the grey figure responded “I want you to follow the rules and the structures, stay safe and play on the inside”. This angel’s wings, for Sherlock had decided that must be what they were, were extraordinarily long, reaching so far that Sherlock could not see either end of them. Behind the angel, the light was misty and grey, dark shapes easing in behind him but retreating again before they came properly into focus.
“Why? Why did you do all this? The experiments gone wrong, the pain, the pretence? Why didn’t you just tell me you wanted this? Wanted me?”
Sherlock sits back into his chair, lemon drizzle cake crumbs cascading down his shirt unseen as he reaches again for his champagne glass. He analyses John’s profile next to him as his husband animatedly finishes the story he is telling Lestrade across the table. Sherlock watches the creases at John’s eyes as he laughs, observes the minute changes in his skin tone, the way his hair falls around his ears, the length of his eyelashes, the jutting of John’s bottom lip as his mouth comes to rest. Sherlock has been obsessively cataloguing these details for so long now, it happens automatically, each stored with a date stamp in his Mind Palace.
John was momentarily flabbergasted, and grateful for Michael's subtle steer towards the bottom of the staircase. "Up we pop, Dr. Watson, the measuring room is at the top of the stairs."
“What do you want?”
“Go on. So what happened that you are so desperate not to tell me?”
“I need you to hold something that is all.” Sherlock turned to the cupboard where John had stored the fruit he had bought two days previously. Solemnly, he handed John a watermelon.
As John stomped off to get takeaway pizza, he remembered what Sue had said and laughed wryly to himself. Who in their right minds would bring a child into this?
It was a calculated risk leaving her alone with the baby, but he and Sherlock had practiced chasing after her down the stairs. Carrying a baby slowed you down considerably if you were taking care not to hurt it. He was gone from the room exactly 23 seconds, during which time he had grabbed his pistol, a baby blanket and a jumper. He shoved the pistol into his waistband and came out pulling the jumper over his head and expecting to see Charlotte in her mother’s arms. Mary hadn’t moved. He covered Charlotte with the blanket, loosely and only from the waist down and checked she was still fast asleep and in one move pulled out his Sig and walked over to Mary and pointed it at her head.
“God it’s good to have you back here with me where you belong.” John murmured into Sherlock’s shoulder, kissing his neck and cheek. He leaned over and turned off the bedside lamp and was settling himself in for sleep when Sherlock reached over a hand and stroked John’s back, tracing the lines of his shoulder blades, his spine and then down over the curve of his boxer-short covered backside.
“Apology accepted.”
Silently moving back under the covers, John also took a moment to admire the sleeping face of his glorious husband. The grey tinge to his skin had lifted, washed away by sleep. His long eyelashes fluttered and he was snoring slightly. Torn between the desire to touch him and let him carry on sleeping, John contented himself with just staring, mapping out every curve, line and sharp edge of that adored face.
“Now,” the registrar continues,”I believe Molly has a reading for us.”
Sherlock nods but frowns slightly, perfectly able to remember his short-lived foray into gardening but trying to pin down how old he had been at the time,
I make no apologies for being a bit of a romantic and so this is my favourite chapter so far. I hope you like it too. As a special treat, below is a pic I found of how I imagine John looks at Sherlock across the table.
is Molly Hooper waving at you?”
Atlin Merrick has launched a 31 Day Porn Challenge for May 2017 and I am rising to that challenge. I shall be using the daily prompts to write Sherlock and John exploring this new relationship. Each story will be a stand alone work that forms part of this Series, Tuesdays and Thursdays, so please subscribe to the series, or me, if you want to find out how things develop. The works will be short to be able to keep up with the Challenge (although I am not promising to post every single day!)
It was John that let go first, breathing hard and pulling back so he could look into Sherlock’s heavy-lidded eyes.
It’s not as if anyone else has ever referred to him as her Dada or Daddy. Also, it does not matter how many times John corrects her - “No, love, Sherlock. Sherr-lock. You say it.” - Rosie still calls him Dadalock.
It was one of his favourite journals, full of useful information such as the latest research into the signs of psychopathy or how the effects of trauma can be passed down from parent to child. The occasional high-functioning sociopath even turned up. Today’s email, however, fell into the category of relationship psychology and was entitled ‘How to Work at your Marriage: 5 Steps to a Successful Relationship’.
“Is that, um, for me? I mean, is that your way of trying to tell me you don’t think it’s too tight?” John gave a small smile.
John grunted and returned to his reading. Sherlock returned to his sulking. He really was at a loss as to what to do, which only compounded his frustration. The constant fluttering in his stomach every time John entered a room or, worse again, a crime scene was exhausting. As was the distraction he created. Sherlock had found himself staring at John at the most inopportune moments, captivated by the way the man stood or moved, or the way his nose twitched when he was cross. It was untenable and Sherlock had not the first idea what he was supposed to do about it.
“So I am told.”
She had been shot between the eyes.
“Everything okay?”
“No!” screamed back Sherlock.
Sherrinford turned and hiding behind the clothes airers was a bassinet. In it was a small baby.
Today, he headed for his favourite spot, the bandstand, glassed in now to protect users from the weather. He sat, looked out the window and thought. He had ruined it. Ruined everything, and, to top it off, had gone from fancying the annoying bastard to falling in love with him. Sherlock had sat and told him that he wasn’t good with feelings and what did he go and do? Yeah, pour out his scalded, needy heart. That will really help Watson. Bloody hell.
“Look, I’m sorry but I just can’t. I need some time”.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You are mine. No one else gets to kiss you now. Certainly not some tart in a red ‘fuck –me’ dress, aghhhh” Sherlock was sucking harder now, sweeping his tongue across John’s slit and caressing his tight balls.
touching you that it seems old habits die hard”. John opened his eyes and found himself looking at the sharp edges of Sherlock’s collar bone and gave in and licked it. His stomach lurched and he put down the glass and tablets and returned the hug. They stood together just holding one another for a long moment, until John pulled away and swallowed the paracetamol. His leg was still aching.
Mrs. Hudson held the baby firmly over her shoulder and rocked her, gently patting her back as she cooed and shushed the poor lamb. “John? John where
“You had your held tilted to one side, listening and assessing”.
A new handshake, another round of congratulations and another drink. More smiling and pretending while stealing glances over shoulders, between gaps in the growing crowd.
Neither man says a word, although John raises an enquiring eyebrow at Sherlock’s second demonstration of lust in 12 hours. Talking and touching at the same time do not work for Sherlock, as they had found out very early on. He loves the sound of John’s voice but only when spread out in isolation, eyes closed and able to focus on the words. Talking and touching simultaneously is overwhelming, make his brain take flight and panic rise in his chest.
“It would appear I have. After you left, I decided that it was still a bad idea, us having a relationship. I don’t want to lose what we have John, you are the best person I have ever known, the only one brave enough to be my friend. However, I was simply unable
“I grew up in America, yes. I have travelled widely and seen many spectacular things. Come, I need to show you something”.
Lifting his head and resting it on his bent elbow, from this angle he could see his navy suit and white shirt hanging from the curtain rail. It was the only place in the room high enough to hang Sherlock’s long trousers without crumpling on the floor.
This is for all those who wanted to see Sherlock's reaction to John's new suit. Written for RedPantsMonday prompts on Twitter for 2 prompts; red socks and violin.
John wasn’t sure what he minded. Sherlock was only millimetres away from the scar and no one else had ever been so close. The few women he had been with since returning from war had mostly ignored it.
John’s mouth slides down Sherlock’s cock, crown to root, with exquisite slowness. Sherlock can feel every minute change in pressure, every flicker of John’s tongue and puff of air from his nostrils. John pushes Sherlock’s wrists down onto the bed beside him, using his full weight to pin him in place.
“Your point, John?”
As Sherlock opened and closed cupboard doors looking for lunch ingredients, he opened one door in particular. John watched as the loose apricots he had bought himself rolled forwards out of their paper bag. One maintained its momentum and rolled forwards, off the shelf and towards a horrified Sherlock who stood back out of its path, visibly shuddering at the offensive fruit. They watched transfixed as the apricot fell down to the counter, bounced once, lifting slightly into the air before falling towards the kitchen table, where it hit against a leg, changed trajectory and with two more small bounces rolled towards the living room, coming to a gentle stop beside John’s chair.
The next morning, John’s head was fixed to the pillow. He blinked hard as the light filtered in through the curtains and he groaned as he tried to move. A wave of nausea hit him, rapidly followed by The Horrors – he wasn’t sure what he had done, but he knew it wasn’t good. It had been years since John Watson had been this hungover and he was regretting the last three pints and not drinking any water when he got home. He carefully felt his way down the stairs to the bathroom. It was only once he was safely enthroned that he wondered why he had been sleeping upstairs.
Eoin swings round on his chair and scrabbles through some papers on his desk. He hands Sherlock an A4 hard bound book.
“Nothing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Did I fool you? Really? Are you just pretending? Tell me the truth, Sherlock, did you really not know?”
“Our jobs are not so different. It’s just that the dead bodies I examine tend to be a lot older and there is a lot less of them. Mostly, its just bones and teeth. I am
"What? Tell me?"
“Oh no dear, you’re not going anywhere. Did you really think that now we have you that we are just going to let you go again?”
_____________________
“We have had the information back from the mobile phone company. They tell us that the last call Willis received was made from a phone using a sim card bought the day before. It was only used to make that one call and has not been used since. It was a pre-pay sim card bought in a supermarket. Untraceable”.
“Despite your shenanigans, Eloise Armitage was very forthcoming yesterday. She has an alibi for the time Willis was attacked and we have checked it out. She was in a board meeting at the time with 14 witnesses who have all said they saw her there. How did you get on with the murder weapon? Any luck?”
After the Fall, in a wet Autumnal Dublin.
” Disdain flowed from every pore. John took a turn to raise an eyebrow.
John ran his hand through his hair and stared at the closed gate, trying to figure out how it opened “I’d rather not talk about it right now”.
They are getting older but Sherlock is still getting into trouble and John is still getting him out of it.
Jealousy can be a terrible thing, and John knows its wrong but...
John paused just for moment. The last twenty two years had changed him, the past year in particular. John Watson no longer held back on what he wanted to do or say, it had only caused him pain and regret in the past. He had once again looked death squarely in the face and made himself a promise that day. He reached up and very gently stroked the face of his old friend, tracing the line of the scar.
“Say what?”
“Have you no sense of decency, no respect and no fucking
John squeezed in behind Sherlock. The shed was crammed with junk; an old lawn mower, rakes, spades, water cans hanging from hooks on the ceiling, old hockey sticks and balls, odds and ends of wood, boxes of nails, slug pellets and weed killer. Sherlock scanned what he could see.
“Where is my daughter?” he growled.
In a windowless room in the middle of a non-descript grey building, Anthea would have been unrecognisable to Sherlock or John. Hair pulled back into a severe bun, she was in her Army fatigues, with sand-coloured beret, the badge bearing the distinctive flame-wreathed Excalibur. Sat with her around the table were Mary Watson, Martha Hudson, Molly Hooper and Sargent Sally Donovan. None of the women were speaking and all turned as the door behind them opened. Anthea rose to her feet and saluted as Violet Holmes entered the room.
“I don’t like fruit.”
“It’s going to be just fine, Miss. Emelia. John and I are here now and we shall take the very best care of you. I promise”.
“I want to go home”
John slides a hand under the blanket and over Sherlock’s chest, fingertips gliding lightly over the individual ribs, the curve at the bottom of each pectoral muscle, the lines of his clavicle, up over the top of each shoulder. It’s like John is trying to draw him.
“Yes. Do you like the violin? I thought we could go to a concert?”
Sherlock looked at John, his eyes half closed, a deep grey-blue colour. They held each other’s gaze for a moment “I would like that” Sherlock whispered. “And what would you do next?” John gave him a small, slow smile.
Still no response. He made two cups of tea and handed one to Sherlock as he moved to sit in the empty chair,
My thanks, as always, to the inestimable Breath4Soul for her beta help
__________________
They stayed like that until it grew dark, exchanging pets and kisses, small words of love and affection and long stretches of just lying quietly together. Finally, John began to doze off and they agreed to retire to bed.
“Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of my husband and I,” a ripple of applause interrupts him and he grins at everyone, “I would like to say thank you. Thank you for coming; to Angelo for closing his restaurant just for us, for the delicious food and the champagne.” He nods to Angelo sat at the end of the table, persuaded just this once to eat with them.
Sherlock spun on his heel and pressed his face into Evan’s bloodied one.
This story is based on my own daughter's contact with meningitis not once, but twice aged 6 months and 5 years. I  will be forever grateful for our close escape. In both instances, the children infected not only survived but are doing well - I see them regularly. If you do not know the symptoms of this disease, please have a look
Sherlock surged forwards, crowding up into John, eyes roaming over his chest and shoulders. He slid his hands over John’s hips and down to his exquisitely tailored arse. Squeezing with both hands, he pulled them even more tightly together before placing a single, soft kiss on John’s lips.
“Mmm?”
More vignettes than chapters, these are in a vague chronological order. There is another chapter coming tomorrow, my own favourite. Enjoy and please feel free to comment on this version of John
“Who else’s boy would you have thought me to be?”
“I had no idea it was as large, had done as much damage. I’m sorry. It must have been excruciating for a long time”
“Do you remember when you insisted on having a garden bed all of your own? You had to be allowed to dig it over, plant it up and tend it all by yourself”.
“What are you doing in my flat?” Sherlock demanded “Who are you and where did you get my face?”
Mary suddenly found herself alone in a room with Violet Holmes and Martha Hudson. Her head was spinning with all the new information she was processing about these women and part of her wondered if it was all a joke.
“How high up?”
Sherlock removes himself from this cacophony of self-righteous condemnation of his drug use. Alone again, he starts to draw a bath then moves to the sink to begin the ritual of shaving. The morphine now wearing off, his face is sore from the slaps Molly gave him in the lab. Why had she been so surprised, he was a junkie? Why were they all so surprised? John had been gone for nearly a month, no word, no contact until today. What else did they expect him to do? How else would he fill this abysmal hole in his heart?
“Oi! What the hell is my shoe doing on the table? Those are my best ones, leather and cost a fortune! You utter wanker”.
“Come for me Sherlock. Come for me and let me see you. Show me.”
Mary and John looked on, doing their best to be a testing ground for ideas and theories. John would often accompany Sherlock to Barts or undertake leg work for Sherlock, while the increasingly large Mary acted as his online researcher. Some nights the pair would go home together to sleep, sometimes they would stay in Baker Street, taking Sherlock’s bed while he remained prostrate on the sofa. On the seventh day, there was another bomb, this time on Stamford Bridge in Yorkshire. Over a dozen drivers lost their lives. It was Greg Lestrade that received the grinning email this time.
“I love you John”
His head sprang up. This time Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered and just for a moment, he opened them.
Greg brought Emilia and Katy home. John wanted a few minutes by himself with Sherlock and Mycroft would have her dropped back to the flat to him. He had decided he really did need to get some sleep, in a bed. Their bed.
On the tenth day, another bomb exploded. This time it was a railway bridge in Cambridgeshire. No one was killed as the train travelling across the bridge was empty but all the trains from London to the north were halted until the bridge could be repaired. It was John’s turn to receive the email.
Then there was Greg. John stood from his bar stool for the first time and enfolded the man, finally glad to see an old friend in the melee. Greg leaned in and whispered “I didn’t know he was going to be here either, thought he was still in France. I would have warned you”. Greg kissed the beautiful young woman’s cheek “Hello my darling” and returned to John’s side.
John awoke with the light shining on his face and sat up in a panic, realising it was the morning and he had slept for at least six glorious, uninterrupted hours. He anxiously looked into the Moses basket at the end of the bed only to see that Emilia was still sleeping soundly, her tiny fists lying on either side of her head, her breath escaping in delicate puffs. He felt wonderful, like he had slept for days.
Sherlock whimpered and his knees began to go. John suddenly stood and half lifted, half pushed Sherlock onto the bad, pressing him flat and resuming the sucking and licking he had begun.
Sherlock spent the two days before their departure learning all he could about the case. He rapidly discovered that there was very little about it online which, apparently, was why John chose it as his case. He turned his attention instead to learning the Irish language.
Finally, an experiment goes very, very right.
“There is more than one way of having a child, Sherlock, “John frowned, “but yeah, I know what you mean. Our lifestyle is hardly conducive to raising a family.” He gave a half laugh.
“Sherlock, seriously, enough. You have just been released from hospital, you can barely walk from the door to you chair without getting exhausted.” John was adamant.
“Sherlock! What the bloody hell is going on?”
“Yes Evan, that’s him”.
“Worth following up anyway. Let me know how you get on. Any progress yet in getting the details of his phone calls?”
For the prompt Missing Home, an attempt at first person. It's hard!
“Come back to me Sherlock. I’m not done with you yet, my darling. So many things still to do together. I miss you. I miss you in the kitchen filling the fridge with biohazards, I miss you shouting at the TV, I miss you playing the violin and I miss you sulking on the sofa. I miss you in our bed” John climbed up and perched on the edge of the narrow hospital bed, lying on his side. He wrapped one arm lightly around Sherlock’s waist and propped his head up on the other hand, getting as close to Sherlock’s ear as he could.
Sherlock continued to stare. He was aware that he was staring. He was also aware that his breathing had become faster and a bit shallow. He stared.
Then all they could do was wait. Later, John would remember it as the longest forty eight hours of his life. He held Emelia on his lap all day until Sherlock gently prised her away so he could go to the bathroom. The three of them snuggled up on the sofa under a blanket, the men trying to distract themselves with silly Sunday movies. Every half an hour, John would check Emelia for the tell-tale sign of the distinctive rash, lethargy or an increase in temperature. In turn, Sherlock would check John for any signs of the rash. John felt fine but monitored his own temperature just in case.
That man is watching me, there's someone behind me. Military, moving quickly, shit,! Not the dogs. A third. No, don’t do that! Take your hand off….
John was far too hungover to be able to pursue this much further, although it was obvious even to him that there was something very wrong with the incommunicative Sherlock. He closed his eyes, wondering if he would be better off going back to bed. He was surprised when Sherlock spoke:
“No use of the duress code?”
Quickly moving from room to room he checked the kitchen, bathroom and their bedroom. Running upstairs he scanned Charlotte’s nursery. Although she had yet to sleep there, still being so small, it was full of the clothes and toys they had bought and been given as presents. Nothing was moved or missing from any of the rooms.
“How?”
Mary reaps the consequences of her actions and Sherlock makes a promise
“I never knew John. I’m so sorry. I didn’t know. I should have seen it, but you were my conductor of light. There were, and still are, things I cannot see unless you translate them for me. It seems your daughter may also have inherited that gift. After we met I reached a decision to come here today, to tell you what I should have said thirty years ago, with no expectations or restraint. I love you, John Watson.
The special pocket had been Sherlock’s idea, carefully designed by a talented tailor, inserted just above John’s hip at the back right hand side, partly concealed by the tailoring over John’s arse. It is no-one’s business but theirs that John brings her all sorts of places. There was no conceivable way he could leave her behind, alone, on this day.
“I’ll call you from the hospital”, he told Sherlock “He will need surgery, release the pressure from the intracranial bleed”. He leaned forward among the chaos of the Police officers swarming over the crime scene, the paramedics and the traumatised Eloise. He kissed Sherlock briefly on the lips and was gone.
They knew that the banker was here tonight, somewhere in the throng. Sherlock wanted to see him and observe his interactions to gauge if his suspicions that Sir Phillip was the head of a money laundering network were correct. Many of the heads of state requiring such services were here tonight, and Sherlock needed to know if Sir Phillip would make contact with any of them.
Sherlock is sat on their bed, staring out of the window, straight-backed, with his hands in his lap. They have never had this conversation. Events overtook them somewhat and there was never a right time. It seems that now is the time, right or not. John sits on the edge of the bed next to Sherlock, close but not touching him and lays his hand, palm up in the space between them. Sherlock looks at it, sighs and takes it. They sit in silence for a moment.
There is some gun violence in this chapter, so please be warned if that might be a trigger for you
or a fluffy version in
The amber glow of the street light tinged the top of Sherlock’s curls as John sat above him, turning some of them auburn in contrast to the black of the rest. Sherlock’s eyes were screwed up tight, his head thrown back as a long, deep moan escaped his plump lips. John was intoxicated by the sight, the contrast of rose lips and plum glans against pale skin and every muscle and sinew visible as Sherlock strained underneath him.  John wanted to brand that pale skin with his teeth.
“Much, much more for me too.”
Just beyond the arbour and out of site of the house, the garden opened up into a large plush manicured lawn. On it were a full set of crocket hoops. At the very end of the garden was a small wooden shed.
This is the story of how John and Sherlock became fathers to Emelia, who features in Chapter 22 and my work Blood Rising.
The dream is nothing more than a series of colours and shapes: a sense of heaviness in his arms, then the floating morphs into a tautness in every muscle. John wakes suddenly, the dream evaporating. He is flat on his back, the grip of guilt hitting him, the familiar pain and loss sitting in his stomach. His mind reaches for its cause until he begins to remember and automatically brings the riveted, steel shutters crashing down, hiding away the unwanted images.
“Exactly, John!” Sherlock forgets himself, delighted that John understands him so well.
Moving out to the landing, she called up the stairs in the hope that maybe John was upstairs in Charlotte’s room, but surely he would have heard her and answered by now.  Mrs. Hudson was by now very worried and decided to gather Charlotte’s things and bring her down to her own flat.
________________________________
With John keeping watch, the pair followed the garden fence down to the shed. The door was padlocked and it took Sherlock over a minute to pick the lock. Once inside, the shed was pitch black.
“You have been thinking about this a lot?”
Well that put paid to the Russian oligarch’s daughter, John thought, growing hard under his husbands wandering hands as they now lathered up his chest, arse, top of his thighs and balls. He could see Sherlock’s point of view,
John’s train of thought was derailed by Michael reaching in to measure his inside leg. He shifted his stance, came to attention and tried really hard not to think too much about Sherlock. He needed to clarify things a bit, though.
The crowd rose to their feet, clapping and shouting, whistling and stomping their feet as John and Eva made their way through the tables to the stage. The Mayor presented John with a large, ornate key, representing the freedom of the city of London he had been granted. He went to shake hands with the woman but was startled by a hug before being directed to the podium and its microphone.
“Bloody hell Mycroft, what are we doing here?” he asked under his breath.
“John, I’m here, I’m alive. I didn’t leave you. You know I wouldn’t do that to you, never again. I came back to you. I’m yours. Always yours.”
The friction wasn’t quite enough though and John looked around frantically. Grabbing a convenient pot of Vaseline from the coffee table he slicked up his hand and then wrapped it around both their dicks and stroked and teased until he picked up speed. Eyes screwed shut with the effort of staying silent, the only sound the slap of skin on skin, Sherlock clung to him until with a silent scream and his head buried in John’s neck he came, quickly followed by John who jerked and pulsed through his orgasm.
It was a small sigh and a shuffle in the Moses basket that brought their actions to a sudden halt. In unison, they lifted their heads from the pillows and listened, both holding their breath. Emilia merely turned her head and stayed asleep.
“Will we get a take away to celebrate your homecoming or shall I cook?”
Slumping to the grass, panting, Sherlock lay his head on his dog’s heaving flank, staring at the clouded sky and listening carefully for new incursions. Satisfied that none were coming, he turned onto his belly to bury his face in the luxurious, warm fur of his best friend, rubbing his ears and praising him for his courage in battle.
Sherlock’s eyes fly open, ranging back and forth over the grinning John, who is lying back down next to him again.
“Oh I get it! Operation Flower Garland. You all form a circle of female guard. Oh very good”. Having been made perfectly clear how both women really felt about her, Mary decided to address one matter head on:
“That’s what this is about? Love? You think this is love!” John was keeping one ear open for a helicopter. He needed to keep her talking.
Arriving on the second floor, everyone turns to them as they make their entrance. Molly beams at Sherlock, wrapping him in a tight hug. As soon as she lets go, Lestrade moves in to do the same. Sherlock blinks rapidly, processing the unexpected touch and accompanying emotion. Extricating himself, he finds Mummy waiting patiently for his attention. Knowing better than to hug him, she satisfies herself by fixing his already straight silvery-grey, silk tie; smoothing his creaseless navy-blue suit jacket and beckoning him down until she can press a kiss to his cheek. Daddy grins at him and they shake hands.
“Good morning, brother mine” Mycroft throws over his shoulder, “Is your doctor awake yet?”
At the harsh words Sherlock curled himself up into a ball “I’m s..sorry John. I know there’s work to be done, but I just can’t, I’ve tried and I..”
There is a gentle rustle of a suit jacket being put on and a deliberately muffled click of the living room door being closed.
Upstairs in 221b John is alone. He has showered and shaved and now stands in their bedroom looking at his reflection and smiles. He remembers doing the very same thing on the morning of his wedding to Mary. That day he had been filled with doubts; had wanted to shout ‘stop, it’s all going too fast, everything has changed, I just need to stop and think’. He doesn’t regret going through with it, though, it’s just that this morning is so different.
“No. These are the only good ones I have left”.
He finds he has to pull back, sometimes. He makes decisions about what she should wear, or play with, or which stories to read at bedtime. In these moments, Sherlock has to remind himself not to get too close but knows he will always be a part of her life. He had whispered that commitment in a tiny, sleepy ear when she was less than three weeks old. He will always watch over her, keep her safe and do whatever he can to make her happy.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock spent the next 24 hours locked in battle with himself. He was a fearsome adversary. He had dropped the suit box onto John’s lap without comment and retired to his bedroom to think. If he did ask John out, at least he would know. Would know if John reciprocated to even the smallest degree. And if he didn’t? Well, then at least Sherlock would know and could try and ignore these feelings and get on with the important things in life, like experiments and cases.
Dinner was tasty, eaten off laps in front of the telly and there was way too much so John froze the left-overs and persuaded Sherlock to dry up the clean dishes. John decided that if they never did anything else but kiss and live in this companionable bubble he would be happy for the rest of his life.
“Glorious”
“Yeah, alright. I suppose I was holding back a bit. I just wanted to make sure you were having a good time, you were alright. You know, safe and comfortable”
“Oh for fuck’s sake!”
For the two prompts Wedding/Family Gathering and Siblings, which is why this is a bit longer than usual.
It was nearly six months later that John ran into Sue again. He and Sherlock were leaving Court Room number five, having given evidence in the trial of a man who had steadily poisoned his boss in order to swindle his business from under him while the man was sick. Sherlock has identified both the motive and poison and there had been a short chase through the stalls of Camden Market before John had tackled the man and brought him to the ground. Sue, on the other hand was again leaving the Children’s Court. She was standing in the queue for coffee when John spotted her.
John woke gently to the sounds of music he couldn’t name but knew he had heard it before. It was a melodramatic piece, rising and falling at speed. John was enjoying it, liked the way it filled his head and eased him into the day. After five minutes he forced himself up out of the bed. He was going to have to see Sherlock, couldn’t keep putting off this conversation. He had spent a good while before going to sleep considering what he was going to say, how he would explain his actions and how Sherlock would react. He did consider refusing to talk about it at all, but knew Sherlock would find out one way or another. At least this way John could control what Sherlock found out and how.
Busily consulting his shopping list, John systematically worked his way through his ingredient list for the cauliflower dahl, spiced lentils, Bombay potato salad and poppadums. He had even decided to have a go at making his own lime and mango chutneys. Dessert would be an exotic fruit salad and yogurt. It had been the dessert that had led to the greatest debate.
need to be escorted up the aisle. Molly, this is for you,” Mycroft hands Molly a laminated sheet of paper. “Sherlock, John you can step in here. Harriet, if you would be so kind, may I have a brief word?”
When he emerged from the shower, Sherlock was still in his bedroom. John knocked on the door:
In case you are unfamiliar with the expression, Babygro, I believe they are known as Onesies in other parts of the world. They are cotton all-in-one stretchy baby clothes with poppers down the front and enclosed feet
--------------------------
What he can’t predict is the shape this will take. He and John have been blissfully happy for five months, but Sherlock is under no illusion this is guaranteed to last forever. He is a difficult man, who makes dangerous and infuriating choices. He is a drug addict, quick to bore and rude. No, Sherlock does not expect a forever.
__________________________
Years later, John and Sherlock would smile at their stroppy teenager, insisting she could not
He received no reply.
Experience has taught John that it is more productive to give Sherlock a few minutes alone to process his emotions at a time like this. Unlike other people that John has been in relationships with, this is not a cry for attention or an attempt at the melodramatic. Well, it is sometimes, but mostly John can tell the difference and he knows this is not one of those times. He silently dries a few dishes next to Mycroft before excusing himself, following Sherlock into their bedroom.
"Would you very much mind removing your socks?"
Sherlock shuddered “No. Not in my flat. Not
“Yeah, sounds nice. I could wear my new suit.”
Sue met them at the door:
Sherlock made a note to encourage John in this plan to cook more. He would have to find a way to deter him from this ridiculous fruit buying business though. Maybe blow up a banana and leave John to clear up the mess?
“I will be, when this job is done.”
Has transformed me into a bard.
“It’s been a very long day, boys” she sighed “I think I shall turn in”. She hesitated a moment and Sherlock offered to escort her downstairs. “Just this once, dear” she allowed.
“Hello Sherlock. I didn’t expect to see you, I thought you were living in France now. Thank you for coming. It’s all a bit overblown, don’t you think?”
As soon as Mary had relayed her idea to Commander Holmes, two units of the SAS plus the field team of Flower Garland were dispatched to Tower Bridge, travelling by speed boat up the River Thames as the fastest form of transport in the congested city.
“I need you Sherlock. You know how I can get. I need to see you under me, spread out on the bed. Oh my beautiful, I need to see you with your hard dick in your hand, stroking it slowly while you gaze up at me, other hand thrown behind your head. You are such a tease when you’re like that Sherlock, all languid and pliable. I need to be able to lick you, lick you from the back of your ear, down, down past your nipples, down past your cock and lick that glorious arse of yours, fill you with my tongue until you squirm and pant. I need to lie on top of you, holding your hands above your head, still and dazed until I slowly, slowly press my cock into yours and move backwards and forwards, that delicious slide, while I bite and lick your neck, shoulders and collar bone”.
“I really don’t think you should be wasting your time and mental energy like this. I am very cross with you Sherlock.” John had his hands on his hips, his tone stern.
“There is very much a move now for gentlemen to consider the appropriate undergarments to show off their suit to its best. The correct foundation affects how a jacket sits,” he raised an eyebrow at John, “how the trousers fit and drape, providing emphasis to our best features.”
Every other adult in her life makes the same distinction.
Sherlock stood and considered this. In the past he had felt pressured to keep his partner happy, had felt that he could only keep them if he did the things they asked of him, however difficult or uncomfortable it made him. He decided to trust John, take him at his word and say the things he truly wanted.
“I know. It’s just. Well, force of habit I suppose. I have spent so long
Why is that woman watching me? Those dogs of hers need muzzling. Yes, this pastry was good idea.
“Do you like that, love?” John interprets the sigh as one of pleasure, and continues to explore Sherlock’s singular bone structure as he gazes down adoringly at the man.
___________________________
Stomping around the garden in circles, Sherlock paused occasionally to rub behind Redbeard’s ears. The circles were drawing in, tighter and tighter and Sherlock began to pull at his curls, yanking at them in big handfuls.
“Still no change. They are talking about maybe moving him to a different part of the hospital, a less high support unit”.
Moments later, Harry pops her head through the door and gives Mycroft a sharp nod before hurrying to take her seat at the front next to Molly, who gives her a warm smile. The notes of
“Mine, mine, mine,” John mouths silently as he comes.
can’t have you either”.
“Mycroft. It was all Mycroft’s fault. He called over one day when you were at work. I was taking care of Rosie and we were on the floor, playing with her bricks. He waltzed in, as he does, and demanded to be allowed to play too. I was horrified, but he just sat down with ‘well, you said they are family now so…’ Then he asked an interesting question.”
His research had confirmed it; there were 208 people living in Dublin alone with the surname Moriarty. At least one of them must be connected to Jim Moriarty, why hadn’t he thought of it sooner? Three more months of painstaking research had brought him here to this day.
“More and more lately. Oh, don’t mind me love, I’m just getting old”
I lost my writing mojo for a while but I am now back with a vengence. I have also updated the Mycroft story that runs parallel to this. I make a brief reference to it here, so if you would like to know more about what is going on with Mycroft and Greg, you can read about it in
* * *
Affects me in a shocking way.
“You think?” John sighed.
“I love you too, Sherlock” John managed.
John squeaks with lust and flails around for lube, finding some hidden in a desk drawer. He rapidly slicks up his fingers and leans over Sherlock’s back sliding one finger gently inside. Sherlock grunts and presses back.
On their way home they stopped in at Barts to visit Greg. His head injury was healing well and although he would need some physiotherapy, would be back to work within six months according to the consultant. There had been an unexpected outcome from the whole disaster; upon hearing of his attack, Molly Hooper had flown to his bedside and declared her feelings for Lestrade, who it appeared, fully reciprocated. John had asked Sherlock if he had known about this development but Sherlock had merely shrugged. John suspected he had completely missed the signs and didn’t want to admit it.
They are interrupted by a knock on the door. Eoin bounds to his feet, opening the door. “Oh, tea. I’d almost forgotten. Thanks, Thomas.” He takes the tray of mismatched mugs from the young man.
“Well, keep trying” was all John could find the energy to say. He threw his picked at sandwich in the bin and they went back to the girls.
“I did.”
John found his feet moving without realising what he was doing. Reaching the pair he took Sherlock’s hand possessively.
“Well, what did the doctors say today?” Greg asked his brother-in-law.
“Occasionally, but only at a very long distance. Some code breaking, that kind of thing. I had to keep my boys all safe”. Sherlock studies her face intently, seeing that this is mostly, but not entirely, the truth.
“I think she probably just wants her, er, you”. Sherlock took Charlotte who immediately stopped crying. He arched an eyebrow at her while cradling her, lifting her high up into his chest. Undoing his jacket button so it wouldn’t dig into her he faced Charlotte’s small body into his and whispered into her delicate ear “Don’t worry. I know where he is and Daddy is
This argent ellipse with its swoop and bend,
The three women did as they were told, Sally quickly picking the door lock and only Anthea risking a step inside the room.
“To Mrs. Hudson for her miracle of a wedding cake, thank you. He raises his glass in a toast as Martha blushes at the round of applause.
By ten o’clock, Sherlock has used up all his reserves of will power. He has picked up his phone four different times to make up some emergency and text John to come home. If it hadn’t been for the huge row the last time Sherlock had interrupted one of John’s dates, he would have done it half an hour ago. God, this was worse than giving up smoking. At least they had patches for that. Sherlock paused to consider what a patch to treat his craving for John would be comprised of; a tea steeped woollen patch in a check pattern but a core of meshed steel. The idea entertained him for an entire microsecond before the compulsion to see John returned.
Michael? Michael. Why hadn’t Sherlock thought of him sooner. He sat upright for the first time in two hours.
“Yeah. Well, you know I’m not very good at this so I think it might be best if you just let me say it and then if you have questions I can answer them, alright?” Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock looked doubtful. “What if he says no? I shall have made a complete fool of myself. Then things will become embarrassingly untenable at home.”
“I think we had better call your Sherlock” Mrs. Hudson cooed at Charlotte “and maybe your Uncle Greg”.
I am happy to say that I have never used any illegal substance and have certainly never injected drugs. I also chose not to google that, because I didn't really need to see it. So any inaccuracies I will take full responsibility for.
“Oh, no, just a suit.” John smiled.
John was in the kitchen making tea and looking up greeted Sherlock with a cheery, “Good morning beautiful”. Sherlock merely grunted and launched himself at full speed at John, crowding in between him and the kitchen counter. He began just stroking his own lips over Johns before pressing in to a proper kiss, nibbling at John’s lower lip before slowly bringing his tongue in to slide and flutter against John’s. Sherlock slowly relaxed again, the desperate fiery craving cooling. He opened his eyes and gazed down at the slightly surprised John, smiled and without a word, headed for the bathroom.
“No John!”
Professor Eoin Fitzgerald
“Sherlock?” He waited and watched Sherlock’s face for any signs of movement. Nothing. He buried his head into the nape of Sherlock’s neck. He had imagined it.
“Brilliant!” ginned John
Here is Sherlock taking scientific marriage advice, as only Sherlock can.
John puffed out a sigh of relief, grabbed his discarded boxers and made an attempt at cleaning up Sherlock. He turned off the lamp and gathered Sherlock back into his arms who nuzzled into his chest and they drifted off to sleep.
Sherlock strides forward and plants a blistering kiss on John’s lips but has to pull back after a minute to giggle. John giggles in reply and they hold each other tight. This is the most ridiculous conversation and yet, Sherlock suspects, it’s the most beautiful, romantic, down right loveliest conversation he will ever have in his life.
“Do you like it? I had to get permission from very high up to use it.”
Unceremoniously, John dropped his and then Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms and pulled his husband to the sofa, lying him out flat and immediately covering him with his own body. John began the exquisite rubbing again, Sherlock holding him tightly and neither man letting a sound escape. They gazed into each other’s eyes as John pushed and rubbed into Sherlock’s taught belly.
John smirks. “We are going to Ireland for ten days. I knew you wouldn’t want to go anywhere sunny and, frankly, I had no interest in lying on a beach either. We’re following something called The Wild Atlantic Way, it’s a bit off the usual beaten tourist track. I spent ages booking the accommodation. Some of it is very unusual.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John badly needed to finish what they had started. He took Sherlock by the hand and pulled at him to get out of the bed. They snuck out of the bedroom, leaving the door just a fraction ajar and once in the safety of the living room. John lunged at Sherlock, kissing and stroking any part of him he could lay his hands on.
Finishing the last crumbs of Mrs. Hudson’s divine wedding cake, John sat back in his chair, replete. To his left Harry was deep in conversation with Molly and on his right was Sherlock’s vacated chair, his husband now sat opposite him, flicking at his phone and reading something to Lestrade. John hoped this wasn’t a sign of something to disrupt their impending ‘sex holiday’ as Sherlock so charmingly put it.
Sherlock didn’t have to wait for the stranger sprawled out in front of him to answer his question. A thin cry came from behind him and Sherlock spun around to find Charlotte, but there was no sign of her. She cried again, louder and more insistent this time and Sherlock realised the sound was coming from inside a zipped-up navy blue duffle bag lying on the ground just inside the front door. Clearly he had got these just in time.
Emelia glanced at her Papa as he recovered in the doorway. If it was her, she’d want to go straight to her room, surround herself with her stuff. She wondered would Papa head for the chair or the sofa. She attempted a few surreptitious deductions and predicted the chair, knowing her father’s determination and stubbornness. She was right and two minutes later she handed him a cup of tea there.
Lestrade was bemused “Apricot? Oh, never mind. So who’s our killer?”
“You need you to know I understand Sherlock,” intent sparking in her own bluer eyes, “that whatever you do, whatever the future brings to our door, I am here. That I love you, no matter what. That I understand what it is to make sacrifices for those you love, to give something precious up and what that does to you”.
Neither of them forgets the question.
“If you’ll have us?”
Sherlock considered that John had a point. It appears that John had meant it when he said he loved him. He is certainly taking all this far better than Sherlock had expected. If they were going to have a relationship, John may be inclined to kiss and stroke him without Sherlock being in pain first. The idea was very appealing. “I promise.”
“Hi Dad” Emilia burst into the room bringing life and joy with her. She threw down her school bag and moved to the other side of Sherlock’s hospital bed, leaned in and kissed his forehead.
The shop was a short walk from the Bond Street Tube station, itself only one stop down the Jubilee Line. The outside was traditional, windows frosted and etched with the proprietor’s names one side of the door and ‘Gentlemen’s Outfitter’ on the other side. A burgundy blind filled the top half of the window and the polished wooden door opened with the ring of a real metal bell, not an electronic facsimile.
Alone together outside in the hallway, John suddenly feels ridiculously shy.
“I would very much appreciate it if you would cook, John. Something simple, pasta maybe?”
Just a short story today. John and Sherlock simply haven't had the time for all this naughty business
“She said they would be here about five thirty, she was going to meet her Dad at work then come over. Is that alright?”
He dipped his head to Sherlock’s left pectoral and licked, then sucked and finally bit hard, leaving a blood red mark right over Sherlock’s heart.
“No.”
“Hmmm John” he murmured and John appeared, summoned by his name, naked and standing over Sherlock.
“Ah, Sherlock, please” John begged but Sherlock was unrelenting and began his exploration of John’s other arse cheek, repeating the tantalising kisses in towards John’s sac from the other side. This time Sherlock slid his hand underneath John and gripped his very hard, hot dick. There wasn’t enough room for him to move his hand, but it didn’t matter because at the first touch, John rutted and pushed into the hand, crying out in delight at the touch. Sherlock spread John’s thighs slightly, dipped his head and took John’s balls into his mouth, sucking and licking and pressing first his tongue firmly on the perineum.
The older lady was very reassuring as she stripped and checked every inch of the bawling Emelia, annoyed at being unceremoniously naked. Just as John had, she checked for a rash, change in temperature and any reduction in neck movement. Emelia passed all tests with flying colours. John and Sherlock gripped hands throughout the examination. John too was quizzed about any symptoms.
take hold. Violet Holmes to you hear me? Give me that code or watch your boys cook!”
Sherlock tore off his pyjama top and ran his hands over his chest, arching up to reveal as much of the ivory skin as he could. He dropped his hands to his nipples, hard with the breeze from the open window and groaned as he pinched them. One hand lay on his stomach and the other moved down, caressing his own balls but not touching his rock hard dick. He lifted his hips up slightly, bending his knees and ostentatiously flaunting himself at John, trying to tempt him.
John laid his forehead down on the back of Sherlock’s hand, warm and soft. He spent hours each day holding and stroking that hand and had noticed that the callouses on the fingers were beginning to soften. Last week he had brought clippers in and trimmed the nails. One of the nurses had offered to do it but he preferred to do that small thing for Sherlock.
Holding Sherlock up with one thigh, he rapidly undid Sherlock’s flies and yanked his trousers and underwear down, pushing the expensive fabric down to the floor with his other foot. He gripped Sherlock’s hard dick firmly and squeezed, making Sherlock groan. He moved his hand up and down rapidly, working Sherlock until pre come began to leak from his slit. Suddenly he moved away and Sherlock hit the floor in a debauched heap, his weeping dick ostentatiously displayed in his lap. John bent down and whispered “Will you do as you are told?” Sherlock gazed up and nodded vigorously.
“Back here in the bedroom. What’s wrong?”
They fall into a graceful waltz, carefully moving around the cluttered room. They gaze into each other’s eyes, individually remembering the times they had practiced this for John’s wedding to Mary. John remembers the waltz Sherlock had played for them and pulls Sherlock tight against his chest as he forces himself to remember watching him leave the wedding, alone, and how John had felt like he was screaming at him to stay, not to leave him.
John spun round to look her in the eye “When did you, I mean how do you - ?”
“A relationship with me. I told you it would lead to recriminations and disaster. Admittedly, this is a record, even for me”.
A minute later, Sherlock followed him in the door and John clutched at him, burying his face in Sherlock’s neck then kissing him all over his face, lifting Sherlock’s hands to kiss his fingers. Sherlock responded just as fervently, holding John’s face and kissing him in a deep, hard kiss until both had to draw breath. Not bothering to remove any clothing, John pushed his hand inside Sherlock’s trousers and groaned to find his husband already fully hard. His husband. The words swirled themselves around his brain again and John could do nothing but drop to his knees, unzip the morning suit and take Sherlock into his mouth, wholly and completely, sucking as if his life depended on it.
“John, please, I, I’m sorry but please John” Sherlock managed before clutching at John’s shoulder and pulling him in. This time John began to chuckle and was able to defend himself slightly before being devoured entirely, gently holding Sherlock’s face and pulling him down into a gentle, caressing kiss, covering Sherlock’s eyelids, ear tips, forehead and tip of his nose in tiny kisses before kissing him on the lips over and over until he had a melted, crooning mad genius in his arms.
“Molly, do you have the autopsy results?”
“Oh that’s it my beautiful boy, God you are so glorious, Sherlock spread out like this under my hands and my tongue, come for me now Sherlock, come for me love”.
He looked around, seeing the unnecessary cleaning John had done that morning, the new blanket draped over the back of the sofa for when he, inevitably, got tired, the kitchen table freshly cleared and scrubbed and his microscope, left carefully on the counter just visible from where he sat.
It was ludicrous. Pointless, unproductive and, at times, both physically and mentally uncomfortable. Even worse, he was proving Mycroft correct; something he went to extraordinary lengths to avoid. Sentiment. Definitely for the losing side, if only for the sheer amount of attention and energy it required.
“John”
The one fixed point in each day was the arrival of a black limousine at the door and a visit to Molly in Barts for a urine test, one of the conditions of his brother’s arrangement with ‘England’ for him to remain at liberty. Occasionally he also took up residence in the laboratory, responding to Molly’s enquiries with monosyllabic answers, or more often, a silencing look.
He stopped at the window of Montague's Mens Outfitter and Shoes, resting the bags for a moment and gazed in at the handmade, soft leather shoes in the window. These were well out of his league but maybe Sherlock would be able to advise him on where to get a nice pair for a good price. After all, the man was the epitome of style and someone probably owed him a favour. Yeah, John decided, he’d bring Sherlock shoe shopping with him.
“Shouldn’t we go and get Lestrade? Her brother is in the house, you know, he let me in and there could be others around. We should just let Greg follow procedure”.
“You are my fiancé. When Lestrade calls to offer us a case, I can say ‘just a moment, Chief Inspector, I must first ask my fiancé if he is available to assist’ and he will exclaim, ‘your what?’ and I shall respond ‘my fiancé, Lestrade. Do keep up!’” The bed shakes as Sherlock giggles.
*  *  *
Sherlock slinked into the room behind the incandescent John, trying to maintain his composure. He moved into the kitchen to make conciliatory tea only to feel John’s hand on his shoulder, spinning him back around.
Permanent.
Sherlock let out a long sigh. He was running his hands up and down John’s back and reached behind John, filling his palm with shower gel and began to soap up his husband’s broad shoulders, back and solid biceps. One of the countless ways being married to John had changed him, despite his own best efforts, was that he was getting better at understanding, naming and talking about his emotions. He had spent the night working through his anger before realising it was based in disappointment and then, finally, hurt:
A Kimberly biscuit
“I know it was you that killed Mark Willis and attacked Jade Elliot but why your sister? Why revenge her rejection by Willis and her replacement with Elliot by threatening her?”
*   *   *
An outraged Sherlock launched himself at Armitage, head butting him just above the nose, breaking it and causing it to bleed copiously, then pressed his advantage by kicking the his back legs, bringing Armitage down to his knees. A hefty kick to the middle of Evan’s spine pitched the heavy man to the ground where Sherlock forced his arm up behind him just in time for the uniformed police officers to swarm in the front and back doors, cuffing Armitage and forcing him to his feet.
Unexpectedly, Mary laughed,
Turning off the taps and stripping the filthy hoody and tracksuit bottoms, throwing them into the corner of the bathroom, Sherlock looked down at his own scarred body, the older marks on the inside of his arms and the newer ones on his feet. Sinking carefully into the hot water, enveloping him its soft gentleness, he thought again of John, of his bravery, friendship, care and loyalty. True gifts. If John knew what he was about to do, John would understand why Sherlock took the drugs, to hide from himself, from these so-called ‘gifts’.
Time to raise the stakes. The Game is on!
*      *      *
“The woman downstairs? Is she your wife?”
“What are you doing sitting …. I’ve lost by bloody glasses again, do you know where they are? I need them to be able to drive into Brighton to collect my new ones. Come
And suddenly someone was there, swooping in and picking her up, cooing and shushing her, rocking and holding her tightly
Sherlock was a little taken aback by the openness of his older brother. His exile had changed him. He was still a Holmes though and saw Sherlock’s surprise and beamed again.
Sherlock just gave a snort of laughter and the tension in the room eased. “I think that’s just you John, but I am deeply flattered. Now it’s your turn”.
Sherlock’s mother stares up into those narrowed, aquamarine eyes, so like her own.
“Yes, yes, you’re a genius blah, blah, blah.” Sherlock dismissed him with a wave.”Hmm. I was thinking of going to see Madeline Neresvsky. She is performing a violin concerto at the Royal Albert.”
“Take me home, John. Take me to bed.” Sherlock’s voice is hushed, low and demanding.
Sherlock threw himself down on the sofa in frustration. Clearly John was not going to explain his abrupt departure from yesterday’s crime scene or how he knew Mark Wallis. Why would John want to keep this from him? Since when did John have secrets? Maybe it was to do with the man’s work, had John taken out a policy with the company and something had gone wrong? Maybe he had been friends with this man in the past and had let the friendship slide and now was embarrassed considering how it had ended. Maybe he felt guilty about something? Sherlock’s train of thought was disturbed by the trilling of his mobile.
They sipped the coffee and watched the sun descend, swapping stories and reliving childhood memories. Sherlock told him all about his cases, John, Moriarty and his network and Sherrinford told the tale of how he met his wife and persuaded her to marry him.
She smiled at him, tipping her head slightly to the left, a wistful look on her face “You really don’t know do you? I never wanted that baby, I only went through with the pregnancy for you. And even that didn’t work”
“What time are Greg and Katy planning on visiting?”
John turned his attention to the insides of Sherlock’s arm, kissing his way down the biceps and then into the sensitive skin in the crook of his elbow. Sherlock suddenly twisted his arm in, away from John’s kisses and John looked up in surprise. Meeting Sherlock’s eyes he was surprised to see anger flashing in the grey eyes.
“Because for the last 6 months, I have been living in a near constant state of arousal because of that fuckwit of a flatmate of mine, who doesn’t have any interest in that kind of thing and when I closed my eyes I could pretend it was him”.
­­­­________________________
Sherlock’s brain fell into joyous freefall.
Standing now in front of the amazing display, John watched his own hand reach out for the plump, ripe apricots. He picked one up and sniffed it. They smelt delicious. He placed a punnet of them at the top of his basket and a few in a brown paper bag for eating on the way home. He knew Sherlock would have a hissy fit if he found them, but really, they were only fruit and Sherlock was a grown man. He could just get over himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cornering at the summer house they accelerated out over the lawn in pursuit of nefarious pirates, sword at the ready, battle cries filling the air. The fleet-footed Redbeard reached the battle ground first, woofing encouragement to his disadvantaged Captain on two legs. The trees were sliced and thrust into as the hoard of pirates were attacked, the battle won and the day saved.
“So, this John bloke. He seems nice.”
“I think they underestimate the man. Haven’t a clue who they are dealing with”.
When I was unsure of your ‘do.
"You are very, happy. You are both very, very, happy"
“Why are you doing this Mary”?
“How in God’s name was I supposed to know” Eloise screeched, tears rolling down her cheeks
Laying the tray down, Eoin offers round the pre-milked tea, pausing only to add three sugars to his own. John is struck by the injustice that all the skinny blokes he knows seem to be the ones with the sweetest tooth. His theory is only confirmed as he watches both Eoin and Sherlock grab not one, but two, biscuits each. The biscuits themselves are new to John; a rectangular base, they have a line of jam down the middle with pink, fluffy bobbles in lines on either side. According to the packet, they are called Kimberleys. Sherlock clearly approves, as he shoves a whole one straight into his mouth.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That the victim was bisexual? He said he’d had a girlfriend”.
Mary watched proceedings from a camera strapped to Anthea’s shoulder as they scrambled up the steel ladders that led from the river up to the bridge and then up to the glass enclosed walkway. One team began the evacuation of tourists while the others undertook a reconnaissance of the bridge. She could hear the sirens of the police and emergency vehicles approaching by road and a helicopter, presumably circling above.
“At the time, I meant it. This has sort of crept up on me.”
“And why did you break up?”
“I think they underestimate the man. Haven’t a clue who they are dealing with”.
“I thought you were dead.”
“Your younger brother?”
John props himself up on one elbow, arm across Sherlock’s back. “Sherlock? Sherlock. Look at me, love. What’s wrong?”
“God, I’m sooo glad that day is over” she said to neither father in particular “I swear my maths teacher is getting more stupid by the day and lets not even mention the sub we had for French. He gave out 3 detentions in 10 minutes. Oh and Katy wants to know if it’s OK for her to call over with her Dad this evening and Auntie Molly said she is going to email me the pdf of that book she was telling me about”.
“Yes. In fact, I was going to ask you out on a date this evening.”
“I have fed her, well tried to, she wouldn’t take more than 2 ounces, she wasn’t hungry”, Mrs. Hudson flapped a hand at him, anxiously.
Deliberately sitting with his back to the ever-growing swarm around John, Sherlock scrutinised him in the reflection of the darkened window, taking his time to soak up all the details; the new suit which now brought the tally to four, but this one different to the rest, expensive and clearly made to measure, the navy matching the colour of John’s eyes. His hair was thinner but not altogether gone and there were a good few extra pounds around the midriff but that was only to be expected, after all, John was not short of people to take care of him. John’s face, now deeply lined, fascinated him the most, as he observed every nuance and change in expression. John’s exquisite face.  John did not really want to be here, he deduced, he’s only here to make the young woman happy, has already had too much to drink but would dearly love more. Sherlock resisted the urge to run his hand over his own face.
John had spent his childhood in hand-me-downs and cheap jeans from C&A or Top Man. He had spent his entire twenties alternating from scrubs to army uniform and the only set of decent clothes he had ever taken pride in had been his dress uniform. He felt like he was shedding the drab, grey skin of his former existence and that this new suit was the tangible proof of how much his life has changed since meeting Sherlock.
As they take their seats and wait for the tea, Sherlock turns his focus on Eoin Fitzgerald. The deductions flow into his mind like water.
“John”
Sherlock knows John is trying to say something to him. Once upon a time he would have found this annoying, frustrating and would have bullied it out of him. Now, he knows that John will say it when he believes the time is right.
“What do you mean by relationship? I mean, we already have one don’t we?”
Sherlock stirred slightly and his face crumpled into a frown as he forced his eyes open.
“Sir are you in there?” shouted Anthea. Mary could just about make out a muffled response. They had found them.
“And therefore, since I cannot prove a lover,
John was unable to answer but nodded his head. He really wanted to see Sherlock.
Mycroft is not his usual implacable self; he now flutters around the group handing out cream rose buttonholes. Coming to a stop in front of Sherlock, they share a silent conversation in which Sherlock derides Mycroft’s flapability and Mycroft passes comment on the quality of the shine of Sherlock’s Italian black shoes. Mycroft ends the debate by offering Sherlock his hand. Sherlock takes it, pauses to make an assessment, then expresses all his love and appreciation for his brother by pulling Mycroft into a brief and awkward hug.
John reached up and in front of twenty flashing cameras and a crowd of two thousand people, he brought Sherlock’s lips down to his own and kissed him.
“Agreed.” By now, John was growing used to the mind reading thing. Sherlock dipped into the kitchen, returning with a black bin bag. He handed it to John. “I didn’t like it anyway. You can go to my tailors. You need a decent suit if we are to continue working together.”
Sherlock felt that he was already excelling at this step. John already had very few expectations of Sherlock to help with daily chores, cook food or even reach for his own phone. Immediately, he stood from the sofa, brought the cold mugs of tea to the sink, emptied them and rinsed them under the tap. He momentarily thought of drying them but felt that might be a bit excessive. He resolved to do this at least every second day. In the end, he actually managed it twice that week plus helping John by reminding him they needed milk.
“That’s brilliant! God, you had me going there, you git” John leapt from his spot and moved towards Sherlock, only to be met by a raised hand, palm outwards clearly blocking any further progress.
you? Charlotte was properly upset” She wandered from the living room to the kitchen looking for John and went down and knocked on the bathroom door. She frowned when there was no answer and paused for a moment outside Sherlock and John’s bedroom door. Less confidently, she knocked but there was still no answer. Mrs. Hudson moved Charlotte into the crook of her arm now, checking the baby’s breathing had returned to normal. She wondered if maybe Charlotte was hungry and had John popped out for more formula. She wrinkled her forehead at the idea, knowing perfectly well that John would have taken the child with her in the sling or even just asked herself to mind the baby.
“Fuck” Lestrade muttered “Where the fuck?”
*   *    *
A second origin story, this time about Sherlock and his suits. We find out more about Michael and Sherlock gets to see John in his new suit.
leave the house in these rags and yelling about having nothing to wear and wrap their arms around her resisting frame and remember those awful forty eight hours of waiting.
Their conversation was brought to an abrupt halt by Sherlock vomiting all over the floor.
“I’’ll tell you in the cab”
John smiled at the social worker, handing over the forms and, not for the first time, thinking he could not do her job.
Bursting through the living room door, golf club held over his head, John found Sherlock on the sofa. He had his hands over his ears and was rocking gently to and fro.
“I really do. C’mon. Let’s go and get his suit. You have tickets to buy.”
*  *  *
John cut him off mid rant “It’s alright Sherlock, we’re all done here, aren’t we Greg? I am free to go?”
*   *   *
The sensation washing over him is utterly overwhelming. He is sinking and flying both at the same time. The chatter of their guests suddenly rings loudly in his ears. The smell of the leftover pasta and steaks on the table, the cake crumbs on his lap, reek and sting his nose. Angelo’s is oppressively stuffy and the coloured fairy lights reflecting back in from the darkened windows are too bright. Sherlock freezes.
“You don’t know? He didn’t tell you? You couldn’t deduce it?” John suspected he was getting to the nub of the problem.
Sherlock was shocked when he finally identified the noise. Couldn’t understand why he hadn’t always known. It was a voice, a man’s voice and it was talking to him, a voice saying it needed him. Its ok, Sherlock thought, I’m coming, just hold on, wait for me.
“Hello John. Good day?”
“No, John!”
Lost in the different timsescape of his Mind Palace, Sherlock had no idea how long he had been wandering the hallways, opening a door, and methodically exploring each room for clues before slamming it shut again and moving onto the next room. Only two doors now remained closed and Sherlock was resolute on not opening the Cocaine Room, as tempting as it may be, he had made John a promise and was bound by that promise.
The violin music floated from the portable speaker on their desk and filled the flat with music. When Sherlock reappeared, his nose creasing at the top in puzzlement, John offered his hand;
And even his second,
“Put that on and lie down on the sofa. We’re going to do this properly”.
Half pulling on a t-shirt, John galloped down the stairs, looking around for a weapon, anything. The whimpering wail came again, immediately followed by Sherlock's clearly pained shout of his name.
Mary turned to the woman she had previously known as Mrs. Hudson,
lies!” but he had already come to accept that he had never really loved Mary, that she had only ever been a suture to keep his broken, oozing heart together when Sherlock jumped and died.
“Sherlock, you don’t have to go through with this. Not if you don’t want. You’re still a young man and there are plenty of others out there. It’s just, I can’t forget, Sherlock,” she turns and looks him straight in his surprised face. “I haven’t forgotten what he did to you, nor should you. Someone has to say it; he married someone else and then forgave her when she shot and nearly killed you. He’s just not good enough for you.”
“Did he actually say that? Before I came in? With actual words?”
“You didn’t take long to move him in. Over night, he told me.”
A terse John stood in front of him.
It was pitch black when Sherlock stood to leave. He had already taken a great risk staying here so long. Sherrinford swamped Sherlock once more in an enormous hug. Neither man wanted to let go. Downstairs he kissed his sleeping nephew, memorising his face. Neither one of them mentioned meeting again or said goodbye and Sherrinford watched his baby brother’s back until he melted into the black of the night.
on tumblr - come and say Hi
“My name is Doctor Steven Strange. I was told by the Ancient One to come and find you, that we are the same you and I. I didn’t expect the sameness to be quite so literal”.
Sherlock can only nod his head and squeak. “Babies!”
I shall also be using some prompts to further develop Mycroft's story begun in Doing Better.
!” John watched in amazement as Sherlock stood and pranced back to his own room, slamming the door behind him.
“Would you like to come to bed?” John invited.
“Yeah?”
Next to him, John is rousing, probably because Sherlock kicked him as he stretched. That may not have been an accident. A lot of things Sherlock has done recently may not have been altogether accidental.
Sherlock whined and his hand sped up, his hips bucking. John sat back on his knees and stroked his own aching cock. He watched Sherlock’s hand flying and matched his rhythm. Raising himself up on his knees, he towered over his lover,
“Sorry, what?”
“Pappy?”
“Yes, he helped me get out of the country.”
“Mornin’”
“He was doing well in his work, was expecting a promotion. He socialises a lot with his work colleagues but because he likes them, not because he has to. His suit is new and expensive so he was on his way out to a social engagement but wanted to impress someone or keep up an image.” He flew down to the man’s feet and pointed “His shoes are also new, never yet worn outside but worn around the house to break them in. His watch is new, a gift from a girlfriend, because there is no sign of a tan mark. Also his old, plainer watch is there on his bedside cabinet and he does still have the matching tan mark meaning he prefers to wear that one. He plays with a five-a-side football team in a park league every Saturday. He has consumed ecstasy and cannabis in the past but not recently.”
Sherlock turned in the embrace and faced John,
“Mornin’ love. Did you sleep?”
“You said you knew where he was?”
*   *    *
“Um, yes, alright. Listen. I need to talk to you about something. Been thinking it over all day. It’s about yesterday, why I walked out on the crime scene”.
“That was rude” laughed John as they strode towards the lift to leave “poor Greg, he was only doing his job”.
Andrea pushed open the gilt door closest to them and they made their way into a small but beautiful room. It had a large arched window at the far end, overlooking the palace gardens, light reflecting off the row of silver candelabras lined up along the wooden table that ran the length of the room. The walls were decorated by huge landscapes, framed in gold and the carpet was more of the luxurious claret carpet. In front of the window were lined up eight gold gilt chairs, four on each side with a space between them.
“The good news”.
“No, the pressure to the skull is too great, the glass could smash if applied with that amount of force”. Sherlock considered again. There had been no obvious weapon at the crime scene and his search of the flat had not turned anything up.
John stared at the silent impassive face in front of him. Shit I think I’ve broken him. Oh, this is not good. I knew this wasn’t going to be good “Listen, Sherlock. I’m sorry, forget what I said, its fine. We’ll just carry on as we are and I will just put it all to the back of my –“
He mopes from room to room, unable to find anything remotely interesting and considers calling Lestrade before realising that, at 8.30 on a Friday evening, Lestrade will have called it a day and gone home. Resolve fading, he wilts back onto the sofa and back into the John-filled rooms of his Mind Palace.
“I love it. Thank you.”
“Yeah, but, don’t you? I mean, you’re a bloke.” John nodded vigorously in approval of Greg’s deduction, ”and
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, keep trying” was all John could find the energy to say. He threw his picked at sandwich in the bin and they went back to the girls.
“So you’re bisexual then?”
“Except he has to hand it over to the authorities?” John has been doing his own reading.
“You left!” John was incredulous “but you never leave a situation like this. Why did you leave?”
“Hello..No, Molly, don’t put it there. Sorry, John what were you saying?”
I am falling behind so this short and sweet chapter combines the prompts for Animals and Comfort.
“Right. Now we’re getting somewhere. And what name did you know him by?”
Inside were a few old chairs covered in tatty fake leather, a few with the foam spilling out. The whole place stank of ancient cigarette smoke and the single fluorescent light flickered as it struggled to light. The walls were panelled in a dark wood and at one end was a hatch with a single desk stood behind it.
“You kissed me. Does that mean you have changed your mind? About us, I mean”.
Breathless, John panted, “Fucking hell, you sexy bastard,” and proceeded to pull Sherlock down into a searing, filthy snog that left them both panting. Stepping away, but never breaking eye contact, Sherlock dropped his sheet to the floor. Once again, he took John in his arms, then spread his legs so that his torso slid slowly down John’s chest and belly, revelling in the feel of the smooth fabric and the warm strength of John’s muscles below. He flicked open one, then a second, button on the waistcoat.
person asks me if they have a bite from a banana spid…”
That gave him plenty of time for a hot shower, three more mugs of tea, ordering in dinner and reviewing his wardrobe for something suitable to wear tomorrow. In the end, he settled on his dark blue suit; if nothing else that might cheer Sherlock up. He spent the entire time running possibilities through his mind as to who Mycroft might indeed by marrying. He had absolutely no idea where on the sexuality spectrum his brother-in-law sat. If a gun had been put to his head, he would have said gay or, more likely, asexual.
So tell me did you always intend
-lievable Sherlock. I have had the day of all days. If one more
“I shall be there in 20 minutes”.
A beaming Mike Stamford steps forward and hands each groom their identical titanium wedding rings.
“John, oh John, oh please, please” he panted and John began to move his hand again on Sherlock’s dick. John leaned in and ordered “Come!”
“Wan ice-ream, Dadalock.”
* * *
The Mind Palace in this story, and John's Room in particular are the same as I describe in greater detail in my story
(See the end of the chapter for
“I did tell you this was a bad idea”.
“Sorry, what did you say?” John realised he had missed something important in the ranting, “getting married? Did you just say Mycroft is getting
Eloise pointed to a selection of photos in silver frames lined up along a mahogany sideboard. The pictures showed herself and a taller, blonder young man arm in arm or learning their heads together. Many of the pictures were clearly taken at sporting events, sunshine making them squint into the camera, with Evan in sports kit. Behind the photos were a number of trophies, all engraved with Evan Armitage’s name. Sherlock picked up a number of the photos in turn and examined them.
Carefully keeping his back to the wall, Sherlock made his way up the curving stairs carved into the pale golden stone of the house. They opened out into a walled courtyard, currently being used as a laundry drying space. Sherrinford waited for him here and welcomed him with a single, tight hug. Standing straight he was even taller than Sherlock, his handsome warm face lit up with a broad smile.
“I would have unzipped your trousers and taken you in my mouth.”
John considered being insulted but, frankly, couldn’t muster the energy,
“No. I think we should eat at home. Don’t you?”
It is late that evening, just before they go to bed that John finally manages to force it out. Over one last cup of tea.
“No, no! Down!”
“I didn’t say anything. Pompous arse was just trying to get a rise out of me, but I realised I didn’t know the answer and I hate not knowing so-”
John put his elbows on the white plastic table top and held his hands in his head. After a few moments, he gathered himself together.
John opened his eyes to see Sherlock watching him intently, his pupils blown so wide there was just the smallest of blue-green visible. Sherlock dipped down and kissed him tenderly and in a voice husky and demanding instructed “Come John. I need to see you come for me”.
None of them had ever believed she would keep her word, but John had insisted they give her the chance. After all, her one redemption was this perfect, golden baby.
Checking for any signs of a break in through the bathroom windows or via the balcony, even Sherlock had to admit that 13 floors up was a very long way for someone to climb. His search complete, he returned to the bedroom. Spinning around and throwing his hand over his shoulder in a strange, dance-like manoeuvre, he suddenly dropped to the floor and scrambled on his belly commando style until he was able to reach under the middle of the divan bed, where he retrieved a silver mobile phone.
Sherlock had looked at the baby, John’s baby, so delicate and untainted and known he had to protect her. He also knew that the child’s mother was her single greatest danger. John had railed at the news and “yet again, more
“Well, that’s the thing. It’s on the 14
“Yes. It’s happened. John has her, contained hopefully. Go to Location A. I am on my way”.
_____________________________
“Does she wake up screaming every night?”
“You have no idea who he is getting married to then?”
Oh fuck, thought John.
"I just can't do it anymore, I simply can't". His final word was all but drowned out by the heart-breakingly plaintive wail that came from the corner of the room. The wail escalated in volume but dropped in pitch to become a howl. Sherlock clamped his hands over his ears once more.
“Hi Papa” she chirped. She brushed the grey curls back off Sherlock’s forehead and picked up his hand from on top of the bed sheets. She kissed that too before falling back into a grey plastic chair.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock awakes in a strange bed with light pouring in through an uncurtained window on his right and for a second is disconcerted not to know where he is. Then the realisation washes over him that he is downstairs in 221a. He shifts to his back in the narrow guest bed and listens to Martha in the kitchen, the radio playing and her off-key falsetto joining in on the chorus; “All you need is love, ta da da da, all you need is love, love. Love is all you need.”
At this point, Benedict loses it and gets the giggles, only for Moffat to insist
My thanks as always to Breath4Soul for her brilliant Beta services. Breathy, the fluffy feels at the end are for you.
Arms around waists, they head to the bedroom where John begins to gently undress Sherlock, draping the suit jacket over the back of a chair before slowly undoing each button of his shirt. Sherlock stands, unresisting, hands resting on John’s hips.
“I’m going to mark you, Sherlock. I’m going to brand you.”
“Well, let’s not overdo it”.
“Sherlock! You are my one shrue love, d’ja know that? Do you my lovitty-love-love? You’re my daaarlin’, my babe-alicious, my sweetheart, I lurrrrve you, love”.
Sherlock keened his delight, spread his legs wider and dropped his right hand to his own dick, slowly stroking in long, deliberate movements. His left hand caressed his balls and he pulled his knees up slightly, offering John the best view possible. He opened his eyes, dark green with need and locked onto John’s face. John gazed down at the magnificent view, leaned over and kissed Sherlock. He whispered into his ear, low and demanding:
John raised his head, recovering himself. “She wanted you and you flirted with her. You kissed her”.
Both Holmes men glanced at him, neither having seemed to be aware of his presence until that moment.
* * *
_____________________________
“Congratulations, mate. It can be a rocky road being married to a Holmes but it’s well worth it. Now, tell me, how long are you two together and why all the secrecy, you bastard?”
Each man made a promise. Sherlock promised to share his life with John, to be honest and open, to always keep him close and protected. He also promised John he would give him a life full of danger and adventure. Mrs. Hudson had been coping very well up to this point but the last promise had produced a little sob.
“Indeed; a castle tower, bubble pods and a yurt. Intriguing.” Sherlock pauses, weighing up his deductions and wondering if he should say something. John has surprised him but he knows there’s more. “Granted, neither of us would have enjoyed lying on a beach, but why did you choose Ireland?”
“Yes” Sherlock reconsidered “Yes, please John. If I may?”
If John had been surprised by the proceedings of the day so far, he was absolutely gobsmacked to see Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade striding purposefully down the room, arm in arm with Anthea. He was beaming at the small gathering but his biggest smile was saved for Mycroft, as Greg came to a stop by his side. Anthea took up her position at Mycroft’s right elbow. It was only then that it dawned on John and Sherlock that she was acting as Mycroft’s Best Woman.
John watches Sherlock’s face carefully as he selects each sheet and examines the details carefully. Placing the third one down, he tips up his head and beams at John.
Shoulder-length dark red hair falls over his face before Eoin pushes it back again. John had been expecting some fusty old man in his seventies, not this freckled, smooth-skinned man, taller even than Sherlock..
“Don’t you dare hang up on me this time. I hadn’t finished telling you everything last night”.
“Yes John? Ah, apologies, no, I am not sure what time I shall be home.”
“Er, I think you will, mate. Did you know that guy? How did you know him? Did you know him well?”
To Sherlock’s genuine surprise, he really is. It’s his innate understanding of the need for distraction, or the challenges of being at the whim of dramatic mood changes. He is the best at knowing how to soothe or derail a tantrum before it takes a firm hold. Despite John’s greater experience in the field.
know the answer to this one. “Yes. I would very much like to touch you, John. I have done so for quite some time. However, I have been very unsure of your own feelings on the matter.” Should he tell John about the experiment? Possibly not.
This morning he is bursting with excitement. He misses Sherlock terribly; it’s an ache in his chest and an itch in his fingers. He had started the day by treating himself to a languid wank just thinking of Sherlock and all the things he intended to do to his boy tonight. John had decided it was a medically advisable procedure as he was sure he would have the horn all day just looking at Sherlock in his tightly-tailored new suit.
Sherlock closed his eyes and paused for a moment, the worry rising to the surface and he had to lean against the door frame. He was tired, having been up with Charlotte since her feed at 3 am and they had watched the sun come up together. He hadn’t bothered to go back to sleep before feeding her again at 6, instead folding the gargantuan amounts of clean clothes in the drier this one tiny person needed. He had responded to Lestrade’s urgent call at 6.55 before having had a chance to wash or eat.
His efforts had been rewarded as soon as he had walked into the kitchen. The moment John had seen him, Sherlock could see the look of desire wash over John’s open face and it thrilled him. What he hadn’t been expecting was the instantaneous look of repression and guilt that had followed. Sherlock instinctively deduced the reason and had been moved to reassure John. He was somewhat relieved to not be the only one unnerved by this new territory they found themselves in.
Sherlock was holding onto the edge of the coffee table now, trying to push his dick in and out of John’s pumping hand. He threw his head back with a pleading “John!” and the blond man was behind him, shoving his dick inside Sherlock as far and fast as he could. Sherlock arched into John who gripped him by the hips tightly, digging his fingers in to hold him still as he fucked him hard and fast.
Sherlock
So concludes my story and apology, the longest of my life. Who would have thought one phrase ' an unintentional apricot' could result in so many words. I hope you have enjoyed it. Please leave comments and you can find me on Tumblr as
“Oh Sherlock, my extraordinary love, I need to keep those arms pinned down again, to spread your knees with mine and lay between you. I love to just look at you when you are like that, like I could do anything at all with you and you would let me. Do you know what I would most want to do, hmm?” John kissed Sherlock gently on the cheek “I would just ease myself onto your heavenly dick, slowly, slowly and then pull back up again and do it all over again. Time and time again until you begged me to let you go all the way in. You do beg me, my sweet, don’t you?”
His phone beeped with a message from John.
“What?” Sherlock had to lean in to hear the low voice.
“Keep reading it love. Put in some wrong bits, he might wake up just to correct you” John encouraged.
“Um, Sherlock. Yeah, wow, that’s getting a bit creepy now. What do you think of the waistcoat? I thought it was a bit much but Michael assured me it would work.” John smoothed his hands over the two parallel rows of 4 gold buttons descending the front of the waistcoat, reminiscent of a military uniform. “He said that if I stuck to the single breasted jacket, it wouldn’t come off as stuffy.” John raised his eyebrows at his transfixed flatmate. “Sherlock. Are you alright? God, I hope your not having some sort of an absence seizure.” John took a step towards Sherlock.
"Oh, don't be jealous, he's just a baby. I did try to warn you there would be trouble."
The unusual punctuation in the poem I quote is all the work of Tommye Blout.
“You can have every part of me... I want to give you everything. You already
Kettle on, he headed to his chair, only to stop in his tracks. John stood in front of the mirror over the fireplace.
John moved to put on the kettle, surprised but pleased to see the clean kitchen. He had half thought Sherlock was asleep and was startled when he spoke.
The simple wooden coffin was topped with two flower tributes, but many more were lined up outside the church waiting to be placed at the graveside. Every pew was packed with mourners and a few were weeping gently. Each tribute paid was more glowing the last and outside in the graveyard everyone had a murmured memory or favourite story to share. Mark Willis had indeed been a very popular man. Sherlock and John were glad to have played a role in finding his killer.
“This John. I want to see you, touch you, learn you” the strokes continued and John closed his eyes and relaxed into the longer, firmer strokes on his rib cage and up to his chest. Sherlock groaned slightly and lowered his face to rub it across the raised places of John’s pectoral muscles and kiss his way reverently up to John’s neck. It was only when every other inch of him had been smoothed and worshiped that John realised that Sherlock was now kissing the skin around the perimeter of the gunshot scar on his shoulder.
John screwed up his face in concentration, trying his best to understand but not succeeding. He shook his head at Greg “C’mpare?”
For a long moment Sherlock paused, not sure what was expected of him.  He reached for a flannel, gently moved John forward and began to wash his back, then tentatively washed his chest, watching the rivulets of water trickle between John’s pectorals. Transfixed, he watched the water follow its inevitable course down, down until it met the rest of the bath water.
Anthea headed back to the door John and Sherlock had arrived through. The Queen took a seat at the front. John elbowed Sherlock in the ribs and through the power of eyebrows alone asked him what the hell they were supposed to do. Sherlock took his hand and approached The Queen.
“Yes, this is our love. We were never going to end up in slippers in front of the fire drinking cocoa were we? The adrenaline junkie and the assassin. Come on!”
Naturally, Sherlock had done extensive research on the subject, created a spreadsheet for Emelia and had decided to use himself as a comparative test subject. John had remained resolutely silent on this development. If it meant that Sherlock ate only a single teaspoon of pureed parsnip, well that was more than he had ever done in the previous forty years of his existence. John was intrigued as to whether Sherlock’s dislike of certain foods was based on fact or that the man had simply decided he didn’t like them. He would never admit it out loud, but Sherlock was curious about the same thing.
Brain whirring, John had no response. Was there a possibility Sherlock might want more? How on earth could he broach the subject again? Maybe he should just accept things the way they were and move on. But Michael seemed to think otherwise.
.Please be aware that work is E rated. She is not John's daughter with Mary but John and Sherlock's child. I am currently working on a story about how she came to be in 221b.
“Her full name is Charlotte Sherlock Rachel Watson” John knew this would only make matters worse but she needed to know, to understand
“Oh at last, you start asking the important questions.”
“Yeah. Business, maths, English, history. Nothing hard though, I’ll have it done in about forty five minutes” She pulled the moveable hospital tray meant for patients to eat from, lowered it and started pulling out books. John watched, enjoying the normality of it all and, not for the first time, proud of their bright, motivated daughter. He turned and smiled at Sherlock’s face to share the moment but of course got no response.
John ran his hands down the back of Sherlock’s legs and grabbed the backs of his thighs hard, pulling the
“Sherlock, I have something for you.” He drops the plain manilla file in his husband’s lap. After all his planning, John is a bit nervous about how his gift will be received, but he has a made a plan and the time has come to see it through.
“Bed, both of us. Now” His command was a lot less forceful for having been whispered.
Sherrinford snorted, “He’s good at that.” Sherlock stared at him for a moment, unsure, before matching his brother’s grin.
Set immediately after the events of TAB, Sherlock gets to work on finding Moriarty, or whoever is using his identity.
“Goodness Emelia, what on earth could be so funny?” before repeating the game again.
The call finally came at 6.30 am three days before the mother’s due date. It was a cold and windy day in November and John and Sherlock sat in the cab to the Royal London Hospital not saying much but holding hands as they made their way up to the neonatal care unit.
“Nicely done.” John leans in and mutters, confirming Sherlock’s deduction that he had been watching them from a distance.
“Please John, it’s been so very long. I miss you.”
His idiotic smiling at vegetables had drawn the attention of the assistant. Her purple hair, green and red tattoo and silver piercings meant she fitted right in. Abruptly, John considered that his inane behaviour may suggest he was
John sighed. Of course he was in love with Sherlock Holmes, and it seemed the whole world could see it, except Sherlock.
In the cab on the way home from Barts, Sherlock called Lestrade looking for any new information. Lestrade had been to see the victim’s girlfriend, 24 year old Jade Elliot, an actuary with the insurance firm Willis worked at. Like Willis, Lestrade described her as smartly dressed in a skirt and jacket with high heels and carefully styled hair. Obviously, LifeTime Insurance expected a certain look for their employees.
John glances at Sherlock, flashing a warning eyebrow “Well, I was just observing that you ate well at lunch. Had roast beef with gravy and all the trimmings followed by apple pie and cream for dessert. Most likely eaten here in the college dining room. You did not eat alone. You were with a student, a young lady, although you are in a relationship. You find her attractive but have no intention of pursuing her. You were actively involved in the ‘Yes’ campaign in 2015 for gay marriage rights. You took part in the celebrations after the referendum was passed. You are in the middle of a three year study but have realised it will take at least five years. You have concerns your funding will not be extended.”
“Yesterday, while Emelia was here, one of the other children fell ill. We were very concerned and took the child to their G.P. immediately. I am sorry to have to tell you, that child has now been confirmed as having bacterial meningitis. I am sure you understand the seriousness of this situation.”
Then something wonderful happened. John saw him. Really saw him. Like he had from the moment they had met. Seen past the bravado and showmanship to the lonely, insecure man with a brilliant brain that just wanted to help people.
Sherlock was in turmoil, his mind racing, decisions made and changed again at the speed of light. John was looking. He would see, know the truth of what Sherlock had done to himself, the evidence of his failings. He would see and know and that would be it, all over. Who could possibly want him after they had seen the truth of his self-abuse, the extent of it, the lengths he had gone to getting the drugs into his system, the hated weakness that pushed him to oblivion.
John walked over to him and took Sherlock in his arms. “We will take things as slowly as you want. I am simply delighted just to be able to do this, to hold you.” Smiling up at Sherlock, he slid his hand to the back of Sherlock’s neck and drew him down. At the exact moment their lips met, Sherlock’s phone rang.
John hung up. He wiped his face. He had seen bacterial meningitis take children in a matter of hours. He had also met survivors, some having had their lives saved by the emergency amputation of feet or arms. On auto pilot, he turned off the heat under all the pans and walked slowly over to Sherlock and the still laughing Emelia and put his arms out to take his daughter. He held her close and explained to Sherlock what was going on.
Inside the car, as it loops around the one way system again, Sherlock is silent. He fixes Mrs. Hudson with a stare. Then a small smile creeps over his face as he leans over and pulls her into a tight hug.
That night, the three of them slept together in the same bed, exhausted and filthy. John had yet to have the energy to do more than wash his hands and Sherlock was still unshaven and wearing his suit, now crumpled and dirtied almost beyond recognition. John stirred and shouted in his sleep, and when Charlotte awoke at 5 am for a bottle, Sherlock brought her into the living room so as to let John sleep and he and his daughter watched together as the dawn broke over London.
John flushes, not breaking eye contact. He swallows and gives a tiny nod. This was not how he had expected the evening to go. John and Sherlock’s sex life was an ongoing negotiation between John’s needs and Sherlock’s comparatively low libido. It was very unusual for Sherlock to initiate any sexual activity; cuddling, kissing, hand holding, yes - there was no shortage of physical affection between them - but this hungry, demanding Sherlock? This is new.
Sherlock threw his head back in silent supplication pushing back onto John’s dick and was rewarded by John holding him tightly under the thighs and fucking into him, hard and fast. He pushed one leg back towards Sherlock and leaned in to take his husband’s swollen leaking cock in his hand, pumping it in time to his own fucking. Sherlock growled and fought to keep his position, unable to move for fear of unseating John. He opened his eyes and fixed John with a heavy lidded look.
For just a moment he considered running, far, far away from this living ghost, but what good would that do? Where would he run to anyway?
“You have my mobile number. Don’t hesitate to call.”
Sherlock shooed John away with a single imperious flick of his wrist,
Sherlock was astonished, but kept his face passive and blank. He studied Patrick’s face, looking for signs of a trap. The man continued:
For the prompt 'Cuddles', this was supposed to go one way but grew its own legs, veered off course and turned into 100%, pure, unadulterated fluff. Don't say you weren't warned
Turning over onto his side to relieve the knot of tension in his stomach, John opens his eyes to look at Sherlock. His husband. A new pang of guilt creeps up on him as John admires Sherlock’s dark lashes lying on pale cheeks. He should be happy now; having this should be enough, should at the least, ease the loss. After all, wasn’t this everything he had ever wanted?
Surprised at Sherlock’s abrupt desire to leave, John slurps the remains of his tea, stands and the men shake hands. Gathering the documents he has been given, Sherlock sweeps out of the room, John stammering their goodbyes. Eoin holds onto John’s hand for moment, squeezing it.
“Why don’t you think its suicide then?”
"He had only left 86 minutes ago and, on the surface, the room looked the same as it had when he had kissed John on the lips and Charlotte on her sleeping forehead, and left. "
So it was only when the phone rang then that John spotted the previous two missed calls from Alison, the manager of the crèche that they occasionally used. He realised the calls had been made one immediately after the other. He frowned as he answered, already on edge that she was calling so early and on a Sunday.
“Exactly John. You are, as always, so much better at these things than me”.
"Oh, John, be careful I think there may be…."
to kiss you at that moment, as if my logical mind was not in control of my actions, but my heart, after all these years of being ignored, was going to make its desires known. I do have“ he paused, glancing at John from under his eyelashes “some reservations. Concerns. As I have explained, my previous experiences were not entirely positive and I would be grateful if we could take the physical side slowly, give me time to adjust”.
“Anderson is working on it. Nothing obvious yet”.
“Then why did you allow me into your home at Christmas? Why am I here?”
“Hmmm.Too much food. Lot of champagne. Cake.”
Sherlock ended the call, scowling. He handed the now peaceful Charlotte to Mrs. Hudson “Bring her with you please Mrs. Hudson. Have you nappies and formula?”
“Any progress in finding the driver?” Greg shook his head. Three weeks after Sherlock had been knocked down by a car that had come up onto the path and hit him at speed, straight on, causing Sherlock to smash his head on the kerb, all the leads had gone cold. There was no doubt it had been done deliberately but there had been nothing concrete to work on.
In the end, John had more reservations than Sherlock about caring for a baby. Sherlock knew the pain of withdrawal and all he could think about was this poor, tiny baby experiencing that from the moment they were born. They sat in front of the fire going back and forth until 3 am, outlining all the changes they would have to make. Uppermost in John’s mind was the fact that the mother may take the child back at any time. He wasn’t sure if he could face that.
Thank you to the lovely Breath4Life for her excellent beta work.
The women climbed higher and higher into the bridge’s Victorian Battlements until they could go no further, coming to a standstill outside a metal door.
“John, my previous experiences are in the past. I am safe when I am with you. I know that. I trust you. I want you to enjoy this too. I want you to feel you can always be yourself with me. You can trust me too. Trust me to be what you need. Let me know you”.
“Well, yes, but we’re just-”
“Sherlock. I’m not going anywhere. You do believe me don’t you?”
“What the hell, Sherlock?” yelled Lestrade, as Sherlock pulled on their shared handcuffs in an attempt to put a hand to his back. He was feeling clearer headed after throwing up but was in no less pain and began to suspect that whatever he had been given had compounded the damage he had already done to himself with overdose.  He could smell the oxidising chemical in the balloons and it was making him nauseous again.
She couldn’t understand why he wasn’t coming. He
Unselfconsciously John put his hand on his own naked backside and rubbed. He had a bit of an ache down his right leg this morning and it seemed to particularly pinch in his buttock. Sciatic nerve pain, he self-diagnosed, the result of unusual physical activity and not getting any bloody younger. A paracetamol would solve the problem and maybe a few stretches. He left the sink where he had been washing up the breakfast dishes and headed up to his bedroom to find his medical bag.
Instinctively, he does what he always does when he is overwhelmed, senses screaming. He reaches for John, lays a hand on the very top of John’s thigh and squeezes, the fabric making his hand sore but feeling the reassuring solidity of John’s muscle, the warmth and slight shifting of tendons as John turns to look at him.
Sherlock nodded. He didn’t really believe it, but he would try.
“Had you discussed these things, agreed them?” he asked.
John turns to study Eoin “And what do you think happened to the Hoard and Burke?”
“That’s good” nodded John, glad he was making Sherlock happy.
“Now it is time for you to exchange your vows. I understand you have each prepared something you would like to say? John, would you go first please?”
Sherlock went to the bathroom and John moved immediately to his laptop. He had set it up that morning, a visceral memory from his first wedding needing to be eradicated and replaced.
Sherlock Holmes was entirely used to being called someone’s ‘love’. It was a common enough occurrence when you lived in London:
“Yes, but nothing we can’t make right. I may need to make a call to Mycroft, however, and you know how I feel about that”.
John and Greg laughed and sauntered over to join them. John kissed Sherlock and wondered how quickly he could get him out of that suit.
While John himself washed and dressed, Sherlock curled up in his chair and thought. They were going to New Scotland Yard. Would John be intending to tell the people they knew their about the change in their relationship? Wasn’t that what people did? Made announcements? Sherlock’s mind then moved to Mycroft. He certainly didn’t need to know anyway. Although he probably already did. This thought annoyed Sherlock immensely and he was scowling when John reappeared, dressed in jeans and a blue and brown checked shirt.
There was a frisson of excitement down John’s spine at the idea of Sherlock dressing to please him and he groaned. Holding Sherlock’s face in his hands he deepened the kiss, tongues grazing and, pulling the taller man down to him, holding him close.
Somewhere near 4 am, Sherlock was exhausted, on edge, unable to sleep and almost on the verge of tears. The Mycroft in his head berated him for his indecision and his imaginary Mummy was at her wits end with him. Frankly, he was at his wits end with himself.
A smell wafted under Sherlock’s nose, warm and welcoming, friendly and sweet. This time he woke and breathed it in deeply, smiling slightly as he opened his eyes. The colours of her wings were blinding, fuscia beside amethyst, primrose over vermillion, cyan with emerald. Sherlock could barely open his eyes, mostly glancing through his eyelashes at this new angel. She beamed with happiness when she saw him awake and clapped her hands with glee, making her wings shimmer in the golden light.
“It has always been you, love. From the day I met you until now, nothing and no-one has ever come close to how I feel about you. From what I can gather from other people, that’s rare. Then we – you- fucked it up so spectacularly that I gave up on it, on us, ever happening.” He raises a hand to silence Sherlock “Yes, I now understand why you fell, for me and I will never, ever forget that as long as I live, but it happened and we both know the consequences.”
“His name is Jamel William Rashid.”
Shifting Charlotte to hold her in the crook of his left arm, Sherlock looked up at Lestrade, mouth open to speak. He was brought up short by the sight of Lestrade and Mrs Hudson both beaming at him, faces lit up like the Oxford Street Christmas lights.
John began to laugh “That I did, and what’s more, it’s true.” He grinned at Sherlock, but it began to fade when he looked at his lover’s very angry face.
His Uni years did not see much need for a tailor, and the next time Sherlock and Michael bumped into one another, it was in a heaving, sweaty bar, full of men in tight trousers, no shirts and music loud enough to dislodge your brain. Sherlock was desperate, coming down from a high and keen to bring that to a swift and decisive end.  As he slid to his knees on the beer-rinsed bathroom floor to make a down payment to his dealer, a firm hand gripped his arm and dragged him back to his feet. Michael had grown taller and broader than Sherlock and he found himself unceremoniously marched out of the nightclub and back to the tiny flat Michael occupied above the tailor shop.
Professor Fitzgerald’s office is on the second floor of the 19th century building that edges the Library Square, an unexpected open space, laid out with a formal lawn, large oaks and secluded seating in the middle of the city’s prime real estate. The pristine, white, two-story buildings radiate in all directions, the overall effect being one of having travelled back in time to a more genteel era. This is somewhat spoilt as they climb the stairs and look down on the tail end of the queue of tourists waiting patiently to view the Book of Kells in the college library, a mass of baseball caps, gaudy golf umbrellas and rowdy school children.
On a cool day in February, John brought his daughter to the appointment with the Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist and a miracle occurred. As John was introducing them, the doctor was looking in his toddler’s throat. John was interrupted by the Consultant,
Once John had calmed down, he had taken Sherlock in his arms, kissed him slowly and tenderly, including that spot on the back of Sherlock’s neck that made him go a bit wobbly and then taken him to bed, where John had conclusively proven that theirs was a very happy marriage indeed. Lying in his arms later that night, however, Sherlock had conceded that maybe John had a point when he suggested that such guides were not meant for marriages like theirs. John was certain the sample had not included any genius consulting detectives and Sherlock was inclined to agree as he was beginning to find the whole thing very hard work. So John was declared right again and it was agreed they should carry on as they always had before.
“You gorgeous..yes...fill you with my come ....that’s what you need you...in your tight h-hole. Fuck Sherlock! I’ll fill you-with-my-babies.”
Later, John would identify that this was the point when things started to go wrong. Apparently there had been another text message but he had not heard it. Two more rounds later, the conversation in the pub began to reach new alcohol filled depths. Lestrade, ever the detective, was grilling John:
Charlotte cried. It started as a tentative ‘wah’ followed by a deep breath in. She was undecided if she was going to do it again. She was scared and there were big noises, everywhere. Suddenly Charlotte decided she was
“Yeah, I thought I would be a Dad. I mean, I
John turned and gazed at Sherlock “Is it too late? Are we too old for adventures? I am too old for regrets anyway”.
More to the point, if Mary had help, then Charlotte was in danger and Sherlock had a decision to make. Stay and save John or go to Charlotte. He had turned on his heel and ran.
“So then, of course, we had to chase him because what would have been the point of all of Sherlock’s brilliant deductions if we let him get away? So we legged it over the roofs and just about caught up with him. God, it was exhausting! Worth it though.”
Once more at the college front door, Sherlock moves around to help Mrs. Hudson out of the car and offers his arm, a gentle smile passing between them. Mrs. Hudson is radiant in a pale yellow dress, shoes and matching jacket. She personally feels the matching fascinator was a bit too much but Mrs. Turner had insisted it finished off the outfit.
Moments later;  breathing hard, sweating, buttocks cramping, he floats back setting inside himself and is met with John’s grinning face. John pulls away, staying close but not touching.
good with teeth. You have a faint swelling in your jaw that indicates a mild infection as the result of at least two cavities. You really should get that looked at.”
“Fuck, love, that was…” John trails off as Sherlock turns his face away.
He pushed his dick imperceptibly deeper into the man beneath him, taking his time to enjoy every sensation and edging forward carefully. Never taking his eyes off Sherlock’s face he held his hands on the man’s hips, lifting his them higher as he got closer and closer to filling him. John’s fingers were clenching and flexing as he controlled the desire to dig into those hips and hold Sherlock tightly to him. Breathing deeply, he began to move back, increasing his pace steadily but carefully. Sherlock keened and gasped as he pulsed his own hand up and down his swollen dick in time to John’s movements. Speech had escaped both men at least five minutes before and John was deep in concentration, watching all the minute changes in Sherlock’s angular face, wary of signs of pain, distress of sensory overload.
*****
Evan Armitage spun to face the intruders, his powerful legs powering him round, brandishing the sports trophy like a hockey stick and bringing it up at speed, making contact with Lestrade’s head with a splintering thunk, knocking him flat on his back. John dove to Greg’s side.
“Usual things all missing – no obvious cause of death, no history of depression, popular, outgoing bloke, lots of friends, apparently a busy social life. We can’t rule it out until we get the autopsy results but I’m keeping an open mind”
“Sherlock, how many sexual relationships have you had?”
“That is not the point” spat John through gritted teeth “the point is, it was their news to tell, when and how they liked. Not. Yours” he stabbed a finger into Sherlock’s face “You have spoiled it for them and God knows, they have been through enough to get to this point. Don’t they deserve a bit of happiness?” He placed his two hands on Sherlock’s shoulders and with each word, pushed him forcefully towards the sitting room wall.
*****
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “If one were to do such a thing, where would we even go? Where could I bring him? We already live together, eat out together, work together.”
“Because you thought it was cute?”
“I am not going to apologise for marrying her.”
John's strokes became faster now and he gazed at his reflection through half-closed eyes for as long as he could. He closed his eyes at last and threw back his head, legs shaking, sweat gathering between his pecs as his first flew over his cock. At his orgasm flooded over him, he whispered Sherlock's name.
I am determined to prove a villain
John’s face displayed his mind’s reactions to this announcement; relief, surprise and finally delight.
“In Ireland, it’s called Irish. Gaelic is a collection of dialects that includes Scots Gaelic and Manx as spoken on the Isle of Man. It is also… a bit tricky.”
“They are” He inhaled sharply “Hairy, John. They are squishy and have a groove that reminds me of Mycroft’s…” he stared into the middle distance, nose and top lip curling. “Bring fruit if you must, but do not expect me to eat any of it”. He moved to his Belstaff hanging up by the door, extracted his wallet and removed £100 “For your shoes” he instructed as he handed John the cash before taking up his place at the kitchen table once more.
John squeezes Sherlock’s hand. For so many years now he has been Sherlock’s dinghy in the churning seas of human emotions, guiding him back to safe land. In this particular instance though, John is himself buffeted and dragged along by unseen currents. One thing he does know though is that they need to address this before they have any hope of a successful marriage. Not to would leave them unmoored on shifting sands. He decides to leave his analogy there as it seems to be getting away from him a bit.
Sherlock concentrated on counting his steps. His directions had been very specific, necessary in this labyrinth of medieval pathways overflowing with people, all seemingly shouting at each other. Ten more steps, turn left, thirty steps, turn right, one hundred and eleven steps, face left and stop.
Sherlock sighed “And the bad news?”
Even more challenging was the lack of predictable outcomes to his carefully constructed experiments. The whole point of the scientific method was that when repeated, the experiments should produce the same results. When he repeated his experiments on John, he spectacularly failed to do so. He was reaching two conclusions from this frustrating development; firstly, either John’s behaviour towards him was constantly changing or, human nature simply could not be observed scientifically. This conclusion displeased Sherlock and he was no closer to understanding why John stayed or what he wanted from Sherlock.
John smoothed the dark blue duvet cover where he sat on the edge of the bed, gazing out of the window at the cottage’s little garden, the vegetable patch he had battled the caterpillars for dominion over and, in the far distance, tucked under the ancient horse chestnut tree, Sherlock’s beehives. It was beginning to drizzle and a chill was settling in. He would need to put down a fire tonight.
“I want you to make me a promise, Sherlock. Promise me that whatever else happens to us or between us, whatever dangers we get ourselves into that you will always go to Charlotte. Please, promise me that you will protect her”.
They stood facing each other in the living room, each eying the other.
“The tetranitromethane. It combusts spontaneously from strong vibrations. They have to come in gently”. He began to wretch again.
By the time John got up and joined him in the kitchen, saying nothing but planting a sleepy kiss on Sherlock’s cheek and then the proffered lips, Sherlock was down to his last test and he needed John’s assistance. With unusual self-restraint, he waited until John had had a cup of tea and some toast, even accepting a slice himself although he didn’t eat it. As his patience was stretched by John’s audacity to have a second cuppa, he distracted himself by once again examining the tiny translucent sliver of wood on the slide under the microscope, hoping he might find something he had missed. Seeing that John had placed his cup in the sink, Sherlock seized his moment.
“I hope this doesn’t take too long. I want to be back home with you” Sherlock merely raised an eyebrow.
“Statues? John, you are being ridiculous.”
“You manipulative, lying, gorgeous, bloody genius.”
“But more than that, I need to say… Look, if this is too soon, please say, but I watch you and Rosie and I think I’m right. What I really want is another baby with you. Because, Rosie, well, she is yours - ours. Your her Dadalock.” John swallows hard.
Sherlock turned and met the shopkeeper’s eyes. The man straightened up, blinked his blue eyes twice in rapid succession and, in English, whispered:
John scowled at him. This sounded like it was definitely heading in the direction of being a Bit Not Good.
That had been three years ago now and hearing John call him ‘love’ remained one of Sherlock’s most treasured and pleasurable things, which was just as well because John said it a lot:
It wasn’t always blank though. Every now and again, Sherlock would see or, rather feel, an image float past him. Sometimes they were things he recognised from his Memory Palace but other times it was something new. Once he had seen Redbeard and rubbed his ears. That had been lovely. Another time he had seen a furled umbrella, which he had not enjoyed so much. Twice he had seen a beautiful girl’s face, but hadn’t recognised her.
“It’s a long time ago now,” Sherlock offers.
I have no idea if watermelons make a suitable substitute for the human head in experiments, I made it up!
The orchestra played a waltz and among the sea of people some were edging their way through to reach the dance floor. John stood back out of their way, taking champagne from the waitress as she passed him. He smoothed down his black waistcoat and continued his tracking of Sherlock.
The idea of it made John’s heart clench. He leaned over and stroked Sherlock’s alabaster face, the usual lines softened by the lack of consciousness. He touched his cheek to Sherlock’s cheek and kissed his forehead, each eyelid, end of his nose and each cheekbone before ending with a long kiss on the lips.
The heat was overwhelming, filling his lungs with suffocating warm air, making him choke himself awake.
“Unbe-
“Agreed, I’m off to have a shower. I’ll be ready in twenty minutes” He was sure the warm water would help ease the ache.
“Sherlock, oh god, oh, I was so close, please”
As John leaned over to give Sherlock a good night kiss, his last of the day, a thought occurred to John:
He wondered where Sherlock was now. It didn’t matter really, where ever he was John would soon follow him, nothing in this universe was more certain. From the day they had met, John Watson had followed wherever Sherlock Holmes led and he knew he always would.
It was shocking after the dream-like state they had been in. It took John a moment to realise what was going on as he watched Sherlock’s face. He lifted himself up and kissed Sherlock deeply, tongues clashing and teeth catching.
Michael smiled and began to prepare the bill.
________________________
It was as they sat back again that Greg spotted the first red balloon. It floated past first one of the windows and then appeared at the second. Astonishingly, this window opened and the balloon floated into the room and fell slowly, coming to a gentle rest at Mycroft’s feet. It was rapidly followed by three more.
Not long into the measuring process, John was rather enjoying himself. As Michael systematically took his measurements, they chatted about the footie and the weather.
Sherlock was acutely aware of John’s pain. When he had returned home after Mary’s death, Sherlock would watch him carefully, silently bringing John a glass of water and paracetamol. If that didn’t help, he offered an efficient shoulder massage that usually helped relieve the tension and swelling in the shoulder. Occasionally, he would suggest that John take a codeine tablet, kept locked in John’s medical box.
Six months after he had last whirled out of the door of 221b, four months after regaining consciousness, Sherlock was finally back where he belonged. There had been other possibilities, he hadn’t needed to force himself to climb these stairs, but each one had been a step closer to him getting back to his life.
what I like. Thai green curry, Korma and Dahl”
“No. It’s a perfectly logical response to your biological imperative to reproduce, one that takes into consideration the barriers created by our choice of lifestyle. I think we should look into it.”
The research report specifically stated that you should ‘let your partner know that they’re special, valued and you don’t take them for granted’. Sherlock gave this some thought. Of course, John was very special indeed, but did he know this? The report went on to state that ‘positive daily affirmations’ were a simple way to do this. Sherlock was a little more stumped by this one, again having to Google what positive affirmations meant. In the end he decided that he would send John a daily text to remind him of his specialness. He spent quite some time on these and was very happy with the first:
“It’s your hair Sherlock. I would love to sit you on the floor, my legs on either side holding you and run my fingers slowly through your hair and over your scalp” John’s voice was now so low that Sherlock had to hold his ear right next to John’s lips, feeling the breath on his lobe and neck.
And hate the idle pleasures of these days”
“I want you to tell the truth, young man. To yourself and all around. You needn’t be afraid”.
“That’s good isn’t it?”
He smiled a tiny half smile.
In the broad daylight Sherlock and John get to know each other a little better.
The two exhausted fathers crept carefully past their eight week old daughter sleeping in her Moses basket in their bedroom and slinked into bed. John had been up all the previous night with Emilia and most of the day too as Sherlock had been working. It was Sherlock’s turn to do the night feed and John lay his head on the cool pillow gratefully. His exhausted mind whirred, travelling in six directions all at once. If he could just get four hours sleep straight be might just escape permanent brain damage.
Before he could finish his sentence, Sherlock was standing at the top of a mountain, a foot deep in snow, the crisp, thin air in his lungs and enveloped by silence.
at you when you are like that, like I could do anything at all with you and you would let me. Do you know what I would most want to do, hmm?” John kissed Sherlock gently on the cheek “I would just ease myself onto your heavenly dick, slowly, slowly and then pull back up again and do it all over again. Time and time again until you
Back down in the main shop, John pondered the selection of beautiful fabrics laid out. None of them were priced and Michael guided him through the selection process. Once they had settled on a shade of blue, John was brought linen, wool and silk/wool blends of every shade imaginable. He selected a shade just lighter than navy with a hint of dark green in the silk that caught the light as the fabric flexed and moved.They paired it with an ivory shirt and two different ties, one aubergine and the other a rich gold.
Sherlock needed John to want him, to need him so badly John lost all control. He needed the reassurance that he wasn’t the failure he felt right now. He still remembered how it had felt when no one had ever wanted him and every time John looked at him with
For the prompt, Pet Play
Sherlock lowers his eyes. Yes, because he thought it may have a certain effect on John. He had deployed it with success on a number of cases.
“Dim sum. Rice.”
“Indeed. Maybe you could get dressed first. I am finding your” Sherlock ran his eyes slowly up John’s bare legs and chest gaping through the dressing gown “nakedness distracting”. John was sorely tempted to just drop the dressing gown to the floor to see what Sherlock would do, but resisted. Later, he promised himself, when he could take his time and he could begin to learn more about his new lover.
“Thank you. We are using Watson-Holmes, “ Sherlock answers, observing John’s surprise. He glances around the room, maps and notes pinned to the walls, desk piled high with papers, a book shelf in the corner overflowing with texts. A glass-topped cabinet sits against the wall opposite the fireplace, furthest away from the enormous paned window. “May I?” he asks, gesturing to to the cabinet and goes over to look before Fitzgerald even answers him.
And with an almost painful intensity, John came and came, his head thrown back and Sherlock’s name in his throat.
“We need to see Lestrade at some point today, provide our statements for the theft yesterday. I had also planned to do some research into diamonds. I became aware of some rather serious gaps in my knowledge when we were in the bank and I wish to rectify that immediately. Did you have plans?”
“Mother is a heroin addict. She has refused to give up the child for adoption but has agreed to foster care. The baby will most likely be born addicted, John and may have other problems.”
“Yes”.
Greg smiled “Good”. He didn’t offer to get John a drink, knew better, but did down a large one himself, surveying the crowd. This was the last one of these functions, the largest of them all and it was only right Sherlock was here.
?” Greg was eyeing him, hands gesticulating wildly. John raised his eyebrows in surprise and looked at Mike who was nodding solemnly, doing his best not to fall off his stool.
“Charlotte! What happened, is she OK?”
Sherlock was tempted to go. He wanted to leave here and be somewhere new.
John grunted in response, still trying to formulate words. The two men were then greeted by a long, drawn out whine of pain from what sounded like Mycroft Holmes and there was a pull on John’s left wrist. This time John managed to keep his eyes open long enough to see that his left wrist was indeed handcuffed to Mycroft who was leaning back to back with Greg. John too realised he was leaning back on someone, someone unmoving that he hoped was Sherlock. He grunted out his name but there was no answer.
John” Sherlock was exasperated.
“Stop that, you will only come if, and when, I tell you”. Sherlock stilled himself, shaking slightly with the effort of keeping himself on his hands and knees.
“I’ll text you from the hospital. For God sake, clean up the kitchen” and cradling his arm headed off down the stairs.
John found him attractive. In a sexual way. So he
Finally home, John took a long shower, trying his best to wash the smell of Sherlock off his skin. Drying off, he took up his new pants. Two packs were carefully tucked away in the back of his bottom drawer in preparation for his new suit. He opened the third pack and tried on a pair. They were certainly snug and John turned to look at his reflection in the long mirror on the back of his bedroom door. A single droplet of water fell from his hair and ran down his neck, then his collarbone. The underwear certainly highlighted his genitals, all tidily tucked up and away. He did an experimental bounce and watched carefully as nothing moved. Turning sideways, he was thrilled by his profile. He slid a hand down and carefully lifted his balls and cock, giving them an affectionate squeeze. The memory of the revelations from Michael about Sherlock mingled with those of the warmth and scent of his skin from earlier. Pressed tightly together, John had tried in vain not to press into his back and now, as he recalled the feel of Sherlock’s firm buttocks pushing back into his belly, he grew hard in his hand.
