Tony stared up in confusion, he knew he’d had what felt like one of his smaller more quickie induced orgasms, but for some reason still felt the burning need to come. When Bucky gaze traveled down Tony’s body to his groin, Tony’s eyes followed the movement to see Bucky’s left arm had moved. The hand that was previously holding Bucky’s weight now circled around Tony’s cock at his base. Bucky had cut off Tony from full completion instead giving him a dry orgasm. Realizing Bucky was going to draw this out caused Tony to moan and give a pulsating clench around Bucky as his eyes rolled back.
Laughing Steve pulled Tony in close. “I meant every word.” Steve’s expression then sobered as he explained why he came. “Listen, Bucky said he’s been having a hard time for the last month. When I got up last night he was in the living room watching T.V., but he looked exhausted. Said his nightmares are getting worse to the point he can’t sleep sometimes. I wanna help him if I can, but I don’t want to leave you alone at night if I don’t have to.”
He had started to rut against Bucky’s cock, still wet from Tony’s mouth, and gave a high pitched whine when Bucky stilled his hips. Flipping them over Bucky lay Tony on his back, his head partly off the edge of the bed in front of Steve. Grabbing the lube he quickly spread it over himself before lining up and pushing at Tony’s opening. “Don’t worry sweetheart, I got you. You’ve been so good, gave me everything I wanted.” Tony let out whimpering ‘yes’ as Bucky slowly began to work all the way inside him. “So good baby, always so good for me. Gonna give it to you like you need it now sugar… Fuck yeah sweetheart squeeze me just like that, fuck so good… Gonna make it so good for you.”
“Alright baby, but the only way I can is if you do whatever I tell you to.” Bucky raised Tony to hover above him then began driving his hips up to slam his dick back inside. Tony’s mouth opened to cry out as Bucky wrecked him so completely, but his body tensed hard at the assault striking fire throughout every nerve ending. It was almost a full minute before he recovered belting a throaty groan, shivering as he became limp in Bucky’s arms, body just taking what Bucky was doing to it. “You gonna do everything I tell you to baby? Do anything so you can take me like this every day?”
Gives you feelings that you don't wanna fight
Before his first time with Bucky, this would have probably gutted Tony to pieces. Now, his arousal went from zero to sixty so fast Tony hadn’t even registered he had moved until was chest to chest with Steve. He felt as if lightening was rippling across his skin as he remembered the feeling of Bucky’s cock spreading him open. Steve moaned into his mouth as Tony brought their lips together, rubbing his arousal against Steve’s. Raising his leg to lie across Steve and Bucky’s bodies, his eyes fluttered shut as he moved further up Steve, lining his dick up to slide in where Tony wanted to be filled again. “Fuck Steve, want you now. Give it to me baby, need you in me.”
“Jesus Christ Tony...” Steve fired back as a hand rose to cover his face. He shook his head in exasperation while Clint and Nat had completely stopped what they were doing to stare at him. Finally uncovering his face to see why everyone had gone quiet, Steve looked at the pair in confusion asking, “What?”
“He was very vanilla and wouldn’t try a lot of things I wanted. Now vanilla is ok for me some days, definitely a fan of giving it to you slowly making you feel every inch sliding deep. But sometimes, I like to exert a little more control with my partners. He thought that meant I wanted to force myself on him and hurt him. I tried explaining that just because I want to hold you down or tie you up doesn’t mean I’ll hurt you. It’s knowing I’m completely in control of your body. That I can make you come anytime or keep you on edge as long as I want, and can put you in any position I know will make you scream for me.”
“No, not yet. Why should I Stevie? You fucked Tony and couldn’t make him come. You sucked me and couldn’t make me come. Had to get Tony to suck my dick all the way down like I needed it since you couldn’t do it. Just like I have to fuck Tony the way he needs it to come. You can’t fuck him as deep as needs to, split him open the way he wants to be, make he feel the way he does when I break him open on my dick can you Stevie baby?”
Steve smiled back at her. “If that ever became an issue, I wouldn’t even put up a fight.”
Smiling brightly Steve beamed down at him. “I told you he’s fine Bucky. He really doesn’t blame you for what happened. I’m really excited for my two favorite people to meet.”
It didn’t take the Dominant nearly as much time to secure Tony’s hands to the bed as he lay on his back. Pulling the last tie tight, he asked softly, “What’s your safeword sweetheart?”
go faster.”
Bucky looked down at him smirking cockily, “Don’t worry Tony, not stopping until I bust this ass of yours wide open. Hhmm, uh yeah sweetheart, think we almost have this cramp drilled out. God, Tony, Aahh, Can feel your ass ripple all over me. Ahh yeah, need to get as deep and hard as I can to really set it off. Promise sugar, I’m about to smash this ass of yours open so deep it’ll definitely rearrange some things down there.” Bucky spun Tony around on his cock back to chest, climbing the pool wall to sit on his ankles, knees spread open and Tony in his lap leaning down. Bucky pulled Tony to his knees squatting frog like on his dick, with his torso slanting to plant Tony face down on the ledge arms being held there by Steve.
“Fuck Stevie, I’m sorry… It’s just been so long since I’ve had him. I can’t, God can’t stop… Fuck Tony, gonna give it to you so good you feel it for days.” Bucky then used Steve’s shoulders as leverage when he leaned back to bounce Tony on his cock, no longer hiding his movements. Steve gave his reluctant consent after Tony arched back moaning for Bucky to keep going and not to stop. It wasn’t long after that Tony’s orgasm consumed him, with not only Bucky but Steve as well following him over.
Bucky could see his cock pulsing through Tony’s stomach as he filled Tony to the brim with is cum. He held Tony to him still plunged inside, enjoying the after orgasm spasms Tony emitted around him when Steve slurred, “Sorry Buck, was distracted for a sec, did you ask me something to me?”
To say that Tony was avoiding Steve Rogers, AKA Captain America, would be a gross exaggeration in his book. He wasn’t avoiding the other man per se, he was just…
Bucky didn’t know what to say to Steve when he found him sketching on their living room couch the next morning. He’d woken up in bed alone before everything that transpired began coming to his remembrance. He then found himself quickly getting up to get dressed and find Steve to…
Steve made a noise of agreement. “Yeah Tony’s right. Anytime we spar I’m afraid I’ll accidently hit him for real. We never go all out, maybe you should work with him more Buck. I’d feel better if he learned all he could.”
From what Tony could feel at the moment, he was pretty sure the dick that had gave him the best sex of his life was still splitting him open. Tony shivered at the feeling before nudging Barnes and trying to wiggle his way from underneath him. The man gave an unintelligible mumble as rolled to the side still completely asleep. Finally freed, Tony tried to make his way out of the bed but was stopped as Bucky’s arm wrapped around him and pulled the smaller man to spoon against him. Try as he might Tony couldn’t unwrap the arm holding him hostage from around his waist.
Bucky growled into his ear picking Tony up and turning them to face Steve. “That’s right baby, you are all mine. I’m about to own this ass and make Steve watch us, watching me break you open on my dick.” Bucky bent Tony over to lean his hands on the hot tub ledge, grabbing his thighs to wrap his waist. “He’s going to see you loving every minute, and then I’m going to really have some fun with him.” Tony was stretched backwards when Bucky’s shoulders settled beneath Tony’s armpits. His hands wrapped around the back of Tony’s neck, lacing the fingers together where they met. The hold extended Tony’s arms unable to move over Bucky’s shoulders, placing Tony completely at his mercy. “By the end of the week, I’m gonna make him watch us fuck for hours knowing exactly what we’re doing, and you’re going to get him to do it. Telling him exactly what I want you to because I own you right baby, and you’re going to do whatever I tell you?”
Tony was trying to wrestle out a Steve’s grip to touch where he was staring but his stupid Dom just chuckled at his tries and held on tighter. Steve was smirking down at him when Tony gave him an aggravated look at being denied. “Sorry baby, I shouldn’t have let it go this far but…” Steve stopped mid-sentence giving Tony a quick possessive kiss that short circuited Tony’s brain for a moment. “Fuck sweetheart, I need to go. If not I’m going to wind up spreading you out and taking you apart inch by inch until I own every piece of you.”
Tony breath was coming out heavy as he focused back to Bucky’s arm. When he told Bucky, “I’ll keep that in mind,” he hoped he didn’t sound as turned on as he felt. Tony tried to think of Steve, knowing Bucky didn’t understand what his unintentional phrasing was doing to wreak havoc in him.
When Bucky and Tony walked into the training room to see Steve already there, fists hitting the punching bag Tony made for him, Bucky turned to Tony giving a devilish grin. Tony knew exactly what that look meant and was ashamed to say he began to get turned on. It seemed as if for the past few days Bucky only wanted to fuck him if Steve was present. Though Tony didn’t want his boyfriend finding out about them, Bucky stoked fires through him with each performance until Tony began looking forward to these moments.
Steve’s speech was interrupted as Bucky moaned and grip the sheets beneath him to ground himself at the pleasure he was feeling. To the surprise of both super soldiers, Tony had started to roll back and forth on Bucky’s dick again. Wanting to stop before they got too worked up again, Bucky’s hand came back to Tony’s waist again to still his movements. Only able to make small shallow thrust now, Tony began to groan in frustration. He looked down at Bucky pleadingly, still completely unaware of much outside of Bucky’s dick inside him but no longer moving. “God Bucky please don’t stop… Uhm, feel so good. Don’t stop, don’t ever stop, keep fucking me till you can’t come anymore.” Bucky couldn’t help the small thrust of his hips at Tony pleas, causing the man above him to quiver around his dick. “Wanna be good for you, Mmm… Please Bucky, make me come again… Feels so good when I come for you.”
Bucky kissed along his ear and but the skin on his neck, no longer needing to keep from making marks on Tony where Steve could see. “That’s right sugar, you know I’m the only one that can do this to you. Admit it, you love being with me more than you love being with Steve.” Tony gave choked cries, not wanting to admit the truth of Bucky’s words. Bucky asked two more times before Tony was no longer able to hold back the truth from him, groaning out a stream of “Yes” among the cries of “Please”.
Tony was Tony, so of course Steve telling him he could make all the noise he wanted meant he did everything he could not to. This plan failed, miserably, but he still gave it his all. If Steve’s plan was to drive Tony completely insane, it was working…
“It’s been about, ahh… almost 2 months, almost the entire time you’ve been here.” Steve raked a hand through his hair as he was thinking of his response to the second question. Bucky smirked proudly at him while waiting. Knowing he was putting it on Tony so good that he’d stopped having sex with Steve, fuck if that didn’t make Bucky’s dick begin to harden. Raising his knee to hide it, Bucky curbed the impulse of telling Steve to fuck off so he could go bang his boyfriend. Bucky sighed, he really did love Steve more the he had ever cared for anyone else, but Bucky’s number one love would always be to himself. He wouldn’t hurt Steve if he didn’t have to, which is why Bucky was taking the long route to secure Tony, but that didn’t change the fact that Bucky would have him no matter who got in his way. “Uh, we’ve done the usual I guess. Tony likes to bottom so we don’t really switch. He been on top, I’ve been on top, we’ve made love in the shower and in his living room. I guess that’s about it…”
“Then, Yggdrasil, that’s the world tree by the way, she’s pretty awesome and thinks that humans are cute but petty, she took me up into Mímir’s Well where the spell that Jörmungandr had cast was busy working.”
He stood there, watching as the Winter Soldier murdered his parents and then shot out the surveillance camera with no expression on his face.
“Oh gahhhhhhddddd….”
~o0o~
“Same song, different verse,” Clint told him.
That last one had everyone hiding their smiles. Thor’s arrogance wasn’t an offensive thing. It was as much a part of their friend as his hammer was.
Again.
Rhodey flopped onto his back on the mat, howling. “Oh my
” Jörmungandr told Skurge.
“Tony.” It didn't surprise him that Vision knew who it was calling.
“Why does it sound like you’re saying goodbye?” Rhodey’s voice broke into their cocoon. “I’m really not liking the direction of this entire conversation.”
“Understanding?” The American asked.
Steve folded his arms across his very fine chest. Tony was distracted for a moment. “You don’t let Wanda in, you don’t get us to help you.”
“For the world’s greatest hero’s, we’ve been fucking up a lot lately,” Sam agreed.
Steve was silent for so long that Tony had given up hope. “Fine,” he said eventually. “Tony, you go in first, Thor, Vision, you’re backup in case Loki plans on doing more damage.” Tony literally felt his jaw drop. Steve was actually giving him a chance to prove himself?
“Shut up.” Tony pointed a finger at Rhodey and Sam who were snickering like fucking girls. “I will end you both.”
did.” Bucky’s words dropped into the silence like a stone. “This dumbass punk thinks he has to be perfect. He thinks that’s the job, what people want when they see the shield.”
“The Avengers are mine now. Actually, pretty much anyone with a power is under my jurisdiction. Since the disbanding of S.H.I.E.L.D. and the re-writing of the Accords, there hasn’t been anyone in charge of the superhuman community.” Tony looked over at Coulson. “So, the UN decided that I was the guy for the job.”
“That’s okay.” Tony really wanted to skip this conversation.
He began to turn around but stopped when Vision stepped up to his shoulder. “I’m sorry,” Steve said. “That wasn’t a conversation you were meant to hear.”
There may be a delay to the next update - holidays are upon me & I have family visiting from across the world.
He saluted her and then kissed her cheek. “How could I have been so dumb as to let you slip through my fingers, Ms. Potts?”
Ross gave a brittle nod. “She loved him.”
He felt the panic attack take over, bright lights flashing behind his eyelids as his breathing grew short. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. call Bruce,” he croaked as he fought the darkness.
Steve sucked in a breath, his startled gaze shooting to meet Tony’s. “You weren’t actually kidding about that, were you?”
“Bucky asked me not to say anything to Steve.” Tony wouldn't look at Bruce now. Although it had less to do with the naked and more to do with his own shame.
Tony grinned. “I'm going to make him Bruce-to-Hulk pants,” he announced. Everyone stared at him like he was crazy. He possibly needed to expand on that. “You know, so that there's less naked Bruce when the Other Guy leaves the building...” he paused. “The Bruilding?” He shook his head. “Nevermind. I'm designing him pants.”
Tony nodded to him. “I’m glad that you asked, Your Majesty. I developed the basics when I was at MIT. I had a few issues that I thought needed addressing. I didn’t like head doctors. Felt I was smarter than them. Usually was, but that wasn’t the point. I wanted to see my parents one more time. Wanted to say goodbye properly.”
Steve leaned forward, made sure that Tony was looking straight at him. “I can honestly say that you are the best man I’ve ever known.”
“He was with Pepper then, so I didn’t look, not more than seeing the beauty with the eyes of my art,” Steve said.
Maybe he was a little tired. Still wasn't going to admit it to the one-armed asshole who was grinning at him.
Steve nodded. “That’s something else that Fury will have to answer for.” He stood up, tugging her to her feet. “I think that after today, after the things Tony has done, that people like you and Bruce and Vision will be safer.” He pulled her carefully into his arms. “Tony was on our side all this time. I betrayed him and he still went to bat for us.”
Tony was a little offended at Vision’s doubt. “I
“Bucky and I are going to talk to him,” Tony confessed. “We decided not to do anything about us until we cleared things up with Steve.”
“I thought you said you didn’t have a heart, sir.” Steve was suddenly pathetically grateful.
“And that’s it?” Clint glared at him. “All of it. Everything we’d been through together, and you just give the fuck up at the first hurdle?” He pointed at the screen. “Don’t think that any of what he’s doing right there is about anyone other than you,
Bucky’s eyes went soft. “Stevie….” He breathed.
“Got something!” Rhodey yelled, and they all winced as the feedback squealed through the comms. “Sorry!”
~o0o~
“But he was with Pepper then.” And Steve knew that Tony didn’t cheat. Wouldn’t cheat.
“Funny way of showing it?” Tony murmured, but without the heat or anger from before. “You didn’t call.”
“Doctor Strange has been given the responsibility of protecting the earth in every universe.” Vision said. His face, as always, revealed nothing. “The Time Stone cannot be destroyed. It is too important. The Mind Stone, however, is not.”
robots.
Bucky literally melted into Tony at the endearment. He shoved his face into Tony’s neck with a soft sound.
Tony gawked at Steve. “Rude?” He tried to wrap his head around the fact that apparently Steve Rogers had
Natasha pursed her lips. “My Norse mythology is sketchy, admittedly, but there is something in legend about a world tree.”
And somehow, suddenly, Steve felt a little bit lighter.
“No,” Sam said. “They have the ability to move between the realms of Heaven, Hell, Purgatory and Earth.”
“What are you doing?” Ever the tactful one, Bucky was the first one to ask the question.
Tony glared at Rhodey. “Look what you’ve done!” He threw a hand out. “I’m going to be sexiled forever!”
“It’s still not accepted everywhere,” Rhodey said. “Tony’s not really the most discreet person in the world though, so we stopped trying to hide that he chose from all corners of the dating pool.”
“We’ll have to get this show on the road quickly.” Tony stared down at his tablet. “The longer it takes, the harder it’s going to be to reverse the effects of Jörmungandr’s magic.”
Tony reached out a finger to touch the object. “Don’t,” Thor barked, grabbing Tony’s wrist. “We don’t know its origins.”
“When you’re safe.” Happy didn’t budge.
Tony's eyes flew open. “Time!” he gasped, sitting up straight.
Tony’s gaze swung between them. “Do I get to guess who runs where?"
understand why he’d made the decisions he’d made. “He was never in control.”
Thor sat next to Tony, keeping a beady eye on Loki who got to his feet with a groan. “While I wasn’t expecting a red carpet, I was hoping for a rather happier greeting, brother.” Loki wiped his mouth where a trickle of blood had appeared.
“Tony?” Steve said his name like he’d been calling for several minutes.
“So,” Steve agreed, folding his arms across his chest.
“So, what you’re saying is that by holding the leader of the free world hostage, Loki isn’t doing a bad thing?” Put like that, in Bruce’s dry tone, it made zero sense.
Rhodey dipped him suddenly. “I knew something was happening with you when you broke up with Pepper and got together with the two old men,” he said when he pulled Tony back up. “I know that you talked to Bruce about it.” He sounded only slightly offended.
decorum.”
“Make the first move?” Steve suggested. “Don’t give him the chance to take another step closer to us.”
Vision inclined his head. “Perhaps I can find some sort of meaning in the death of our captain.” He said it so plainly that Tony was taken by surprise at the sudden pain. He was obviously still in no way capable of dealing with Steve’s loss yet.
“What food did he request?” Thor asked, suddenly urgent.
He showered quickly and selected a charcoal grey suit with a white shirt and scarlet tie. He was tucking the shirt in when the door opened and Bucky slipped in.
“So, you wanna spar with me, Stevie?” Bucky drawled. Steve went hot.
Dean followed them back inside. Bruce and Sam were hunched over Sam’s laptop, muttering occasionally to each other. Clint was drinking a cup of coffee, talking to Natasha.
“Hmm,” Bucky crooned as he reached Steve. “You happy to see me, babe?” A firm hand in the middle of his chest sent Steve tumbling back onto the bed.
“I meant for you to be here for Clint,” Tony muttered, lying back down.
“Gentlemen.” Coulson still had the ability to make Tony feel like a bug on a windshield about to be mashed by wiper blades. “There are larger issues to be concerned about than the size of your…brains.” The pause was deliberate. Tony knew it. He just couldn’t prove it.
Tony waved an all-encompassing hand. “Me. This. Everything.”
Acceptance.
Bruce grinned ruefully. “I didn’t think it would be that loud,” he admitted.
one so that he can’t undo what we’ve done?” He was desperate. He couldn’t lose Vision. It was one of the reasons he kept Peter so far away from the Avengers business. There were too many people in his life now, too many who mattered.
“Stop calling him that,” Steve admonished.
Rhodey hopped off the bar counter. “I’m banning you all from drinking games,” he told Natasha. She smirked. Rhodey pointed a finger at her. “You’re the devil.”
“Oh fuck you!” Tony bayed, team morale be damned, and launched himself at War Machine.
“Odin has told me that I can examine it there and see if we can decipher its secrets,” Jane said. She looked excited.
Steve just wished that Tony had felt the same.
Tony blinked. “What? That’s not possible.”
“I’m not the Captain anymore, your Majesty.” Steve turned back to the pond. Large, brightly colored koi fish swam lazily in the clear green water.
“Thank you, Captain Obvious.” Clint's eyes rolled hard enough to hurt. “I'm just telling you what your girlfriend is saying.”
Clint and Sam returned with Rhodey following them. They had plates piled high with the makings of sandwiches. “What did we miss?” Sam asked.
A knock at the door had him lifting his head. “Yeah?”
Steve leaned against the wall, watching the chair still pulsating with light. “Just what did Tony pick up out there?” he mused.
“And Bucky?” Steve didn’t want to think about the pain the two of them were likely in.
Tony spun on his heel. “I promise I will explain everything.” He grinned at Steve, a wild light in his eyes. “Once I understand it myself.”
Tony nodded, heading for the bar. “Too classy for me.” He tossed back a shot of whiskey and poured another before heading back to the living room area.
Steve nipped at Tony’s shoulder. “You’re awfully mouthy for a guy who’s at the mercy of two legendary superheroes.”
It was a casual question with a very not-casual answer.
Tony beckoned him over with a hand. Being the meat in a Steve/Bucky sandwich was a wish fulfilled that he hadn’t even known he’d had. “Once we kill the snake and take back the universe, we’ll finish this,” he promised as Steve lifted a hand to push Tony’s chin up.
“Yeah, you’re in the wrong place then, buddy,” Bucky said. Steve moved up a little closer to Bucky to give Thor more room.
Bruce looked over at Bucky in surprise.
Tony opened his eyes and looked up at Steve. “You fuck up again, I won’t let you back in.” It was a warning, a truth, a red line.
“No, that’s still coming,” Tony reminded him. “He’s picking a fight with Lucifer-Light.”
“Um…” Tony
He wanted to stop and watch them. It was a deadly ballet, Dean ducking as Sam swung his blade sharp and true into the belly of something that looked vaguely like a cave troll from the Lord of the Rings movies. Sam sliding to his knees, getting out of the way as Dean beheaded the troll look-alike with a cry.
She closed her book carefully, movements precise as always. “Why are you asking me now?” she countered.
It felt like the room took a breath of relief.
Tony watched as the Helicarriers fired at each other and crashed into the Potomac. He waited to see Steve, held his breath as Project Insight imploded on itself.
“To who?” Natasha’s face was impassive. “Tony or Bucky?”
“He’s a stubborn son of a bitch,” Rhodes agreed.
Tony grinned. “It does to me.” He took a hand from his pocket and waved at the air. A hologram formed of what appeared to be the layout of a castle.
Tony grinned at him. “Can I call you ‘my boo’?” he asked. “Or pookie bear? Or wait, this one is better, love muffin.”
“It really still is,” Loki disagreed. Tony reached out to poke at the Loki at his side and the same thing happened. An illusion.
“I think your lady may not be impressed about having to share you,” Clint said with a grin.
game, Steve.” Tony was emphatic. “In fact, if there was a thing like negative game, you’d have it.”
“Yeah, lost already,” Clint said, sitting back. Steve and Bucky’s eyes had also glazed over.
Tony looked around at them all. No-one had left.
Bruce’s desk console lit up, pulsing at her in flashes of blue and gold. “I guess that answers the question,” Bruce said.
The boys talk and get a little frisky
” Natasha looked up.  “I see why you thought that it made no sense, Clint, but actually, in the myth and legend of my people passed down through generations, the people of Asgard were more than merely human.”
He could feel the Power Stone. It seemed almost sentient as it sent tendrils of energy through Tony’s body, finding places where bones had been broken, veins had been sliced open, arteries had been cauterised. He held Tony as he screamed in pain, as his body was forced into an accelerated healing that it wasn’t prepared for.
“Oh, you’re gonna
Scott held up the glass bottle. “These are Pym Particles, alright? And ever since Hank Pym got snapped out of existence, this is it. This is what we have. We're not making any more.” He looked around at all of them. “We've got enough for one round trip each. That's it. No do-overs.”
~o0o~
Dean poked him with a sharp finger. “Hey, bitch, don’t go telling all my secrets now.” His face was soft as he stared down at Sam. “Besides, you know I got no soul.”
They were standing on the edge of a slab of stone with an extremely narrow bridge spanning the gorge below. Tony looked down. “That’s more like it,” he muttered when he saw the bubbling lava.
“You’re very resistible,” Steve countered. “All the resistance.”
Tony looked at him. “How you felt about Steve?” This was important. He knew it.
Rhodes raised his eyes to the heavens. “I’ll see what I can do,” he said grudgingly. “Having one less traitor on the premises wouldn’t be a bad thing.” Steve barely flinched. Rhodes pulled out a phone, pressed a number. “I need a pick-up at Tony’s place. The package needs to be dropped off in ‘Frisco.” He paused. “Lang.” Another pause and then a laugh. “You are entirely welcome, man.”
Tony scuttled back. “Ahahahahaha,” he shrilled. Not his finest response.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Eagles and turkeys?”
Thor steepled his fingers as he leaned his elbows on the table. “I must explain their power to you, my friends; else you will not feel the same urgency as I do.”
“Hey, Tony.” Bruce gave the same awkward little wave. “How’re you doing?”
“And Rhodey,” Tony said, feeling the sudden urge to vomit. “Extremis is man-made,” he said to Thor, not looking at Loki. “How is that possible?”
“Repay me by reading the Accords with the eyes of a reasonable man,” T’Challa said. “Forget about your quarrel with Tony Stark or your fear for your friend. You owe Tony that much at the very least.”
“As do I,” Loki said. “I will have no chance to speak with my son.”
Whatever the reason, he woke at five in the morning feeling more at home in his skin than he had for more than a year.
are not disputing that.”
Suddenly it was imperative that Steve talk to Tony, tell him that he needed him. As Iron Man, as Tony, as a friend.
Bruce hurried over to them, muttering under his breath about stupid, stubborn, wannabe superheroes who didn’t do as they were told. Steve wasn’t far behind him.
Tony put both his hands on Bruce’s shoulders. “You are marrying the most beautiful woman in the world,” he said. “The fact that she could gut you like a fish has nothing to do with your fear.”
Natasha shook her head. “The ladies in this team are at least semi-sane.”
“Better the devil you know, right?” Dean said, his eyes sparkling at the joke he’d obviously been dying to use.
Steve listened to them speak, trying to control the shaking in his hands. Tony was giving them sanctuary in much the same way T’Challa had done almost a year ago. He just needed to figure out why.
Tony's yawn was pathetically fake. “I’m wrecked,” he admitted.
“Steve isn’t.” Tony draped his arm over his eyes. “And he’s the only one who matters.”
“Go away,” he croaked, beyond humiliated.
need any help with this part of the program,” he insisted. “Now, shoo.”
Rhodey, Vision, Thor and Loki were nowhere to be seen.
Suddenly, the gate alarm went off. They both raced to the screen, where the camera facing the street lit up. A guy was waving madly at the screen.
He tried to wrap his mind around the thought.
“Wonder what that’s about.” Bucky stretched beside him, several bones popping. “I need to do something. I’m going nuts just sitting here.”
“What are the stakes?” Tony wanted to crow his triumph. Steve was a product of his time and couldn’t resist.
“What’s going on?” Clint and Natasha got off the elevator and headed towards them.
“Who’s at number one?” Dean asked.
Steve gave a chuckle. “That is Loki, Thor’s brother, otherwise known as Matilda the Jotun cat thing that bit you.”
He narrowed his gaze. “Have you been taking lessons from Pepper?” He sent a suspicious glance to Pepper who was focused on her phone. “Are you turning
“Stop getting yourself killed and then maybe we can negotiate on that,” Dean snapped back.
“It's not safe for me to be out there.” Bruce held up a hand. “I'm not coming back. Nothing you can say will change my mind.”
so I've seen several of you asking about Dean & Baby. That will be resolved. Promise. Never fear. I have reasons.
“Barnes stopped.” Clint sounded gleeful. “It looks like he's letting Cap down gently.”
“I’ve found Barton,” Bruce said. “He’s out in rural Missouri.”
Sam blinked. “Uh. Okay then. Fury has called us in.”
“You’re a douche,” Bucky told Tony. Steve nodded.
Bruce shrugged. “I’m going to have to deal with it some time. Might as well be at the White House where the entire world is watching.” He sounded grimly fatalistic.
“Why?” Barnes asked.
“I know that humans are innately violent,” Vision said. “My choice to stand with Tony Stark was because I knew that it would be inevitable. To have a group of powerful individuals making choices for personal agendas or vengeance or personal profit, regardless of the reasons, it could not stand. The Avengers needed to be put in check. We needed to be answerable to someone, not just ourselves alone.”
,” Tony repeated. He closed his eyes, trying to get his brain to shut up. Steve was on his way here. Along with the man who had murdered his parents. And the friends who’d betrayed him.
He walked into Steve’s broad back a few minutes later. “Sorry,” Steve murmured.
The monsters kept coming, wave upon wave of them, some even calling the Winchesters by name. Which didn’t fill Tony with a whole lot of confidence. “You have some friends here?” he asked Dean as he took out a very hairy looking dude.
“His best friend was dead in my arms and his blood was on my hands,” Tony said. “I think he gets a pass.”
Steve stared at his hands. They were shaking.
“Ain’t no show ‘n tell, Stevie,” Bucky grumbled.
Bruce wasn’t deterred. “They want to do some tests.”
When they headed to the communal living room, Tony saw Natasha and Bruce leaning against each other as they looked at something on the tablet in Bruce’s hand. They were laughing at whatever it was.
bad idea.
Natasha snatched the phone so quickly that Steve didn’t even see her move. “He wants to talk.” She sounded wondering. “After running away, leaving me alone, he wants to talk.”
“Okay, fine, she's not exactly
“What he said.” Tony poked a thumb in Steve’s side.
Tony felt every muscle in his body relax in relief. “Thanks, Charles.”
Natasha kicked him in the shin. “Asshole.” And then she hugged him. “You’re early.”
“Well, that’s just perfect,” Pepper said. “The world’s worst plan.” She glared at Steve. “I really expect better from you, Steve.”
Tony put up a hand when Ross remained stubbornly silent. “Allow me?” he asked, not taking his eyes from Ross.
“Well, this is embarrassing.” Tony opened his eyes and saw Bruce and Vision standing beside his bed. “Did anybody kiss me?”
Tony moved up behind him and did the same. “It’s like Harry Potter!” he exclaimed, when the opening in the rock appeared. The blank expressions on Steve and Bucky’s faces made him want to roll his eyes. He didn’t. “Platform 9¾?” Still blank. Tony sighed. “Eagles and turkeys, people.”
Fury’s mouth curled in a smirk. “Really?” He didn’t sound particularly surprised.
She shook her head. “Not remotely.” Tony knew how messed up she was because Natasha never admitted fear.
Tony stepped forward. “It has to be me, Cap.” He held out a hand to Bucky. The rest of the room vanished as they stood in their isolation. “I’m the only one who knows the formula, the only one who can do this.” He dropped his forehead against Steve’s shoulder, sighing as Steve’s arms clamped around him.
The flight home seemed to go really quickly, Tony thought as he groggily lifted his head from his very comfortable pillow. He blinked. His very comfortable, Bucky-shaped pillow.
“I am just here to inform you that I am leaving later today. The United Nations has called an emergency meeting that I cannot miss.”
Tony sighed. “Rhodey, I’m done, sugarbear. See you at home.” And the comm went silent.
“Yeah.” Bucky sighed and flopped back against the sofa. “Steve.”
Rhodey nudged him with a pointy elbow. “Of course you will,” he grinned. “You’re Tony fucking Stark.”
He looked across the room, saw a door. Meeting Crowley’s gaze he motioned towards it. “Almost there.”
Tony stepped back against Steve when he felt a big hand drop on his shoulder. The heat of Steve’s body behind him had Tony relaxing minutely.
So he didn’t.
Bruce grimaced. “We don’t have the best track record,” he admitted.
“It’s taken years,” Natasha said. “I’m a perfectionist.”
“Anybody have any ideas?” Bruce asked after the silence of Pepper's question.
Steve stepped in front of Bucky, standing in Rhodey’s line of sight. “He’s not a threat, Rhodes. Stand down.”
“We were so scared,” Lila sobbed into his stomach. “We thought you were
“He thinks he’s Iron Man.” Clint snickered in his chair but stopped abruptly when Natasha turned her gaze to him. “It’s funny,” he insisted.
Jim stopped moving, every muscle in his body frozen. “Don’t you fucking talk to me about being too chicken shit to face Steve,” he snarled. “We both know that’s hypocritical.”
The guy was still talking, “Ant-man? Ant-man, I know you know that. I need to talk to you guys.”
“I’m going to sign too,” Clint said. “I want my family to be safe again.”
“Tony is the sort who does first and then thinks later,” Natasha said, watching Steve carefully, like he was some sort of dangerous explosive. She wasn’t far wrong. Steve felt too big for his skin right now.
Steve tugged him close, hands comfortably resting on Tony’s ass. It was very distracting. “No, you idiot. I was trying to get information on you.”
“It makes sense, really.” Clint, Natasha and Sam all looked at him. “They're literally made for each other.”
“You believe every word you say.” Loki sounded wondering.
A short pause and then, “I regret to say no, Captain Rogers. Mr. Barnes has been exposed to far too much gamma radiation as it is. Any more would risk his life.”
“Crowley.” Dean’s reply gave nothing away.
Clint slouched by the window, Wanda at his side, head tilted against his shoulder with his arm around her waist.
“How the hell..?” Tony wanted to do an immediate bug sweep.
“They’re coming to see me,” Steve replied evenly. “It has nothing to do with you.” He knew just how to get Tony to do exactly what he wanted.
“You don’t deserve him.”
Tony opened his eyes.
Tony reached out a trembling hand and touched Steve’s cheek. “You’re alive,” he murmured.
Bucky was coming back. He knew they still had a way to go, but they’d already come so far. “Good to know.”
Rhodey sighed. Loudly. “Can we please move past the soap opera portion of the reunion and get our asses out of here?”
“No.” Tony needed this. Needed to do this. It wasn't just about Bucky. It was about Steve and Natasha and Bruce and Clint and … They all needed Bruce to come home.
like kissing Bucky, Tony thought a little hazily. Kissing Buck was a carnival ride, all flash and heat and excitement. Kissing Steve was a midnight swim, smooth and soft and overwhelming.
Surprised that his opinion had been sought, Tony shrugged. “I can’t see it doing any harm.” He looked over at Bruce. “Knowing more is always a bonus, right?”
“It’s not the way Hell works,” Crowley said. “You have to choose. It can’t be me.”
Steve shook his head. “You’re a fucking trial, Stark.” His answering smile gave Tony hope. Maybe he hadn’t fucked things up beyond all redemption.
“It’s Ant Man!” Scott hustled after her. “
Tony patted Nate’s back, appreciating the heavy warmth of a child as he thought how to answer her. “He’s your husband.”
F.R.I.D.A.Y. seemed stumped at that one. She remained silent. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. please make a note to remind me to remember to upload current pop culture references to your database.”
“Well, I wasn’t sure if Th….” The crack of lightning interrupting him had Tony grinning. “Well,
more dramatic,” Natasha said from her seat. “Glass tends to shatter when he gets a little too excited.” Thor grinned at her.
“Yes, you are,” Steve told him with a tiny smile. “But I love you anyway.”
“Bucky, Peter, Strange, Wanda and Vision,” Steve said. “Sam too, I think?” He looked at Rhodes who shrugged.
“Are you saying that the US Secretary of State is trying to pass a law that forces the superheroes to register and he’s a disciple of a demon from another dimension?”
“Because somehow I lost sight of the fact that he’s my friend,” Steve replied.
“Too bad, 'cause you're getting one.” Steve spoke up from the other side of the plane.
Tony pointed at him. “Gold star for you, Brucie-bear!”
“They’re hunters.” Crowley stared at him like he was a moron. “They kill demons for a living. What do you think?”
Laura handed Tony a glass. “You said you wanted a shot of the best when you came off.”
~o0o~
So it would appear that this fic is determined to be written. College AU will have to wait until my muse is done. I'm deliberately not tagging the 'friend' because....SURPRISE!
“What?”  Bruce looked between them all and then up at the skies above Atlantis. “I was surrounded by the finest minds in the world and swapped it for this.”
“He was here a moment ago,” Clint said. “When you kissed your 'good friend' over there.” He looked over at Bucky who frowned.
simple?” Tony prodded. Steve could almost see the wheels turning in his mind.
have been happy. Bucky was alive. After all these years, Bucky was alive. It should have been cause for celebration.
Uatu affirmed.
He sagged to the floor, black spots dancing in front of his eyes as he gasped for air. He wondered idly if this had been Wanda’s plan all along. Infiltrate the Avengers and destroy him from the inside. Brilliant. Terrifying and brilliant.
“We need your help.” He paused, clearly for dramatic effect. Considering who surrounded him, it didn’t really work. “Look, it's not overselling to say that the fate of the universe is at stake.” Now the guy seemed impatient and Steve felt every muscle in his body go tense.
“You knew where we were. You could have turned us in. You
” He sounded a little awestruck.
“This sounds like the start of a porno I once watched,” Tony said. “Anyone got rope?” He knew they didn’t.
“Not. Helping.” Steve gritted.
“I did it because I’m flashy and like the attention,” Tony quipped.
Steve felt shaken. “The B.A.R.F. technology isn’t working anymore?” He started getting up.
“They are
Steve's stupid chest was pressed against Tony's and suddenly his lungs decided that they didn't need to work anymore. “Both,” Steve said in a voice like scraped gravel. That really didn't help the penis situation, Tony thought almost hysterically.
Steve stared at Tony. “I don’t understand you. You’re so fucking angry at me but you’ll do whatever you can to fix Bucky?”
“I like being called “sweetheart”,” Bucky admitted as they walked to the bed. “It’s an old-fashioned sort of thing.” His hand was loosely clasped in Tony’s.
Strange stood beside him, surveying the alien landscape. “The Frost Giants are coming.”
“I won’t,” Tony said, crossing his fingers mentally behind his back.
He wasn’t lying. The truth was he’d only found out about the SRA long after it had gone through the first rounds of Congress approval. And by then it had been too late.
“Yet,” Natasha said.
Tony was abruptly confused. And concerned. “Er….I’m not sure I follow.” He was going to stick with polite questioning for now. The screaming accusations were sure to come at some later stage. He got the feeling that Strange had this effect on a lot of people.
This time, Bucky leaned into the kiss, opened his mouth and let his tongue sweep into Steve’s mouth. Steve hauled him closer until he thought there was no way to tell which was his body, and which was Bucky’s. His hand came up, tangling in the long strands of hair at Bucky’s neck. Bucky moaned his approval, tilting his head back into Steve’s palm.
, Sam?”
Pepper rubbed a shaky hand over her eyes. “Captain, have you discovered anything about what sort of animal Matilda is?”
Loki blinked.
“She did nothing.” Vision was the one who replied to Natasha’s angry questions. “She merely showed him the future, as I asked her.”
Then the pain hit. He looked down at the blood oozing from the bullet wound. “Fuck.” He staggered to his feet and started walking.
“After Barnes,” Rhodes corrected.
“Of course, but your dick gets really sore if you’re jacking off with your hand every night,” Bucky said, leaning back casually. “Sometimes the itch needs a harder scratch.”
“Grab on to my hands, my friends,” Thor instructed. “I can fly us up to the living space before the elevator would even arrive on our floor.”
Rhodey grimaced. “I have no idea why I care about you,” he said.
“What he always does.” Natasha’s tone was almost neutral but Steve heard the pride there. “Surviving.”
have to go?” Wilson whined. He hated missing any action.
“What?” This had better not be about his fucking panic attack, Tony thought viciously. “You guys will need me for this.”
“Your little troupe of bandits is back under your roof,” Fury said. “You’ve managed to piss of the US Secretary of State. And now you’re calling me. Forgive me if I’m twitchy.”
“I know you wouldn’t,” Tony assured him. “But sometimes you forget just how awesome your hammer is.” A little flattery usually went a long way with Thor.
Natasha nodded. “He did. Wait. It gets worse.”
“Then one of us will pick you up.” Steve met his gaze.
“He must have been so hurt.” Wanda’s voice had Steve turning to her. She’d been sitting so quietly, watching and listening, that he’d forgotten she was there. “It must have broken his heart to be betrayed so by a friend.”
Liar.
“You succeeded in your quest?” Thor asked, offering Tony a Pop Tart.
“Eagles and turkeys,” Steve muttered. “Eagles and fucking turkeys.”
“Of course not.” He was totally going to open it alone. Steve knew him a little too well.
Tony lifted one shoulder. “I haven’t got to where I am in the world by being timid, Loki.” He waved a hand at Wanda, repeating Steve’s question, “Can we trust him?”
Steve poked Tony. “I’m holding
Tony snorted. “Really? I thought he was inviting me in for afternoon tea.” Steve's mouth thinned. “Relax, Capsicle. I've got this.”
“We’ll see you when Thor and his nutbag brother get back,” Natasha said around a yawn.
“I’m guessing F.R.I.D.A.Y. told you about the chat Bucky and I had,” Tony murmured when Steve reached him. He didn’t turn around. Steve chanced a quick look at the bed. Bucky’s eyes were open, and the moonlight caught the glassiness of tears.
“My brain function is fine, thank you Tony,” Steve gritted out. “He’s over there.” He pointed to a guy who was so average he seemed like he was part of the building.
“I know,” he said. “But I allowed something to happen in the past that had terrible consequences for the future. Apparently Uatu says that I’m important and that I
“No.” Tony’s voice was firm. “I know we need to talk. Fuck knows I don’t want to talk to any of you, but hey, I fought for your pardon so I’m stuck with you. We’ll see you at the mansion. And then
“On it, boss,” Natasha said with the shadow of her usual smirk. Tony would take it. “I expect plan updates when we get back.” Technically, he, Tony Stark, was in charge of the Avengers Initiative. God help them all.
Steve stared at where Bucky had vanished. Of all the scenarios that he imagined, Bucky running after Tony Stark instead of staying with him had not been part of the equation.
He lifted his gaze and looked into Bruce’s eyes. The kindness and sorrow there was almost too much.
“You can stay in my suite,” Bruce said. “There’s a second bedroom and I think that if you cause any problems, the Other Guy would be able to handle you.” He smiled. Tony wondered just how much more Bruce and the Hulk were sharing these days.
“Winchester.” Tony held a hand out. “Thanks for introducing me to the Devil.”
“Sam!” Steve called his friend over.
Steve held up his hands. “Okay, everyone take a step back and calm down.”
“Thank you, kind sir,” she replied primly as she carved one half of the body of her many-legged foes from the other.
“Not that this isn’t fascinating, Thor, but I’m still not hearing a plan.” Natasha raised an eyebrow.
“I have faith in Tony,” Thor said, frowning at Bruce. “He is not only a man of iron, but has a will of iron. If there is one person in all nine realms who can undo Jörmungandr’s spell, then it is he.”
Tony scowled at her. “I’m cancelling your access to Steve.” He pointed an accusing finger at her. “Far too sassy.”
“Nothing will ever make up for the fact that I lied to you, Tony,” Steve said, still holding onto Tony’s hand. “I want to apologize about a million times but it will never be enough. I never intended to trade one friendship for another. I hope that you can forgive me one day. Until then, I’ll sign the revised Accords. I’ll report to you. I’ll do whatever it takes…” His heart sank as Tony pulled his hand away.
“You can take the cab first – ”
Tony huffs. "Giant bunnies are nice!"
he's suddenly stumbling so much. "For after I open your flashdrive, that is."
She grins at him. "Told you that you could've just asked him," she adds.
," she shakes her head, "I'm just asking. If I need to plan an assassination, that's really going to mess up the schedule."
"You are to shadow Tony as best as you can to his meetings with Howard Stark and Obadiah Stane."
“What does Danvers have to do with Stark?”
“It's a fire compartment,” another doctor says.
to know. The deadline to everything – his mind already ticking, searching for ways to fix, to solve.
Shaking his head, Steve barely manages to keep his strength from crumpling the paper. "Tony wasn't - he didn't want anything to do with me."
Steve squeezes his hand back. "Only for you."
"That rubble over there is blocking the fire from us," Steve tells him, which doesn't answer the question. "And Fury's working on getting a ladder up to us."
"Steve." It's Agent Carter, but the crack at the edge of his name tells him she's calling as
"We can prove it together," Tony suggests.
i've finally, finally managed to get this chapter and the plot in line after eons of debating with myself about how much politics and intrigue this story needed to explore, and all the rare interactions i wanted to pepper in, and that means i'll likely have a more regular update schedule too! hope you all enjoy it, and hope you're all doing well :)
“For the record,” Steve says, “you’re more important to me than me. So if you want to take care of me, you’ve got to take care of you.”
His efforts are rewarded with a small chuckle that rumbles against Tony's ear. "Asking for a date, Tony?"
“Not really. The nurse told me you got into a scrape with Nancy.”
"Because I see their faces!" Tony whirls around, clenching tight around the wrench in his hand. "I think about what or who might've killed them, and how I could've made something to protect them." The truth. This was the truth he could give Steve. "Do you know what it's like - to be called the smartest person in the world, and yet somehow I'm not smart enough to realise my parents' car had broken brakes? Somehow I'm not smart enough, rich enough, to save my own mother?"
“I’m married to my work, and the press comes after me when they're bored. Not the best Tinder profile.”
"Tony - "
“We’ve both changed.”
Tony snorts. “You really don't know?” he stands up, scoffing and pacing the length of Steve's room. “Because, here's a funny thing you might not have heard about me and my
, what did I do wrong, J?” Tony runs a hand through his hair, catching on the tangles there, stifling a yawn. He hadn’t realised he was this tired.
Rhodey runs.
Dimly, he notices the song changing to a quick waltz, the gentle pressure of Steve's hand on his waist guiding his suddenly uncooperating feet.
i hope all of you are doing alright :) there's some explosions and a bit of injury that happens and is resolved in this chapter, and this fic has somehow turned into a pseudo bodyguard au on top of everything, so i hope you enjoy this unusually long entry <3
“Might as well,” Howard says.
Oh. The pizza feels like a lifetime ago. “Thought it'd help after a long shift.”
. Then, “is Rhodey on the line?”
The brief spark of wonder, of '
Steve turns back to the book he’s reading.
Genius and doubt and loneliness, the yearning for understanding, and the shining kindness amidst a defiant hope for the stars above.
Tony's lips twist, displeased and brooking no argument. "Your serum working means you're in pain." He digs into the pockets of Steve's toolbelt, fishing out a bottle of healing salve. "I am never listening to your lectures about recklessness ever again."
Tony barks out another laugh. "What are we, thirteen? Do we need to sign a friendship pact?"
Steve makes a frustrated noise, ripping away the cloth covering his shield. The bright white star gleams in the sunlight. "Fine. But Tony, I - "
Steve shrugs. Their shoulders bump against each other. “Still. You can talk to me if you want to. Or we could just sit here and I could find ear plugs.”
Tony grins against Steve’s lips, making it all the more easier for Steve to kiss him again.
“If I say so?”
“Tony?”
Tony would very much like to come up with a witty quip, about proper kissing techniques and how to charm a guy, but Steve’s hand continues to run through Tony’s hair, gentle motions that pull him down, down beneath the tide of sleep that’s full of fog and dark and clouds.
The thought burns the back of his throat, swelling there until he can't hold it in, and he lets slip a guttural sound of frustration.
"I was rather, uh, distracted when they were inventing it," Tony says, "but I encrypted this flashdrive."
He's lost too much, been through too much to stomach another blow, another loss.
It's clear what the words mean: Steve isn't welcome here.
Who wrote letter after letter for
“Why the frowning face, Cap?”
“I prefer to barge through. That’s a hard swipe left for most,” Steve bites his lips, uncertain. One small mercy is that Liberty seems content with only occasionally growling at Tony, too busy barking at the other passerbys to pay much attention.
He hasn't known what to do with himself since Rhodey had dropped off the thick pile of envelopes a month ago, and he knew it was only a matter of time before Pepper's patience ran out.
Natasha exhales, the sigh sending a trickle of static into Tony’s ear. “And you?”
to you?" the words slip out, helpless and adrift. Tony's jaw tightens, back straightening, and it's so - Tony used to do that when he disagreed with anyone, stubbornness charging up with a single-minded focus of fighting back. Steve rushes to cover up. "I meant, are you alright? You're not sleeping enough."
“A little bit of both,” he smirks, “mostly the puddings.”
But for Steve, things come to a head when Sam only needs a month to earn a delighted ‘
"I love you," Steve breathes out. "Thank you."
“I did make a ring for you,” Tony admits.
“Yeah?”
Sure, Steve could stop burning building, but when push came to shove, it wasn’t him who actually made sure that hearts kept beating and lungs kept breathing.
"Mr. Stane," Steve greets.
“It’s all public knowledge,” Tony starts, “my mother loved animals and she gave me what I needed to finish vet school, to build my clinics. Stane kept my father’s company.”
But Tony couldn't possibly be that unkind.
With that, and with a wide smile, the man walks away, right in time for the next ambulance to roll up the curb.
They meet because Steve receives a scholarship from the boarding school Howard banished Tony to. Tony thought it was the height of comedy: Howard wanted Tony to meet the higher ups of society, but a skinny little boy from Brooklyn comes along, with no money and no name and no fame.
Steve deserves someone to come home to at the end of his long shifts, not a doctor who gets called out for emergencies, who works into the night and who he won't be able to see often.
scarf around Steve's neck to pull him close, and in the vibrant marketplace, Tony winks at him, heedless of the stares pointed at them.
“You think that’d help?”
“Thanks,” Stark says, voice unusually tight.
Finding none, Tony slumps into Steve's hold, hiding his face in the crook of Steve's arm, back trembling the slightest bit as Steve returns the hug, slotting perfectly home.
He can build a bomb in his sleep a hundred times better than Hammer, disarming one just needs - he reaches into his pocket, throws out an empty gum wrapper, and finds his handy pocket knife.
"I have to go," he tells Steve, who came back home only two nights ago. "If you don't want to go, I've got three other SHIELD agents happy to tail me."
“Consider it a trust exercise.”
It’s a dream that feels real. Tony is buzzing with it. A new world without bloodshed, without hunger, without death. Nobody needed to suffer like Steve did everyday, he could finally make something
, Cap?”
After a while, Tony has to excuse himself.
Sagely, Tony nods, ruffling the boy's hair. "And Mister Steve taught me that."
"Certainly, sir."
, his Ma had said,
And the list gets longer the more that Steve notices. There’s clearly Pepper, whom Tony proposes to every day that it is near ritual for them, and Rhodey comes a close second.
“Tony, you told Rhodey to not let me stay alone for too long.” And, god, Steve is still kneeling. “I think I have a solution for that.”
“Yeah, she’s – to put it lightly, she’s very protective.”
' ringing in his ears.
The blue of Steve’s eyes shine brighter in mischief. “We’re going climb the roof.”
Tony squints at him uncertainly, silently, and in the end, it's Steve who gives Rhodey a small shake of his head. He wants to touch Tony, to hold him and to ask what the hell that light in his chest was, but this isn't about what Steve needs right now. Three months in the desert - his first priority has to be getting Tony to the closest airbase for a full medical check.
“Both Mr. Starks are awaiting your arrival. The elder Mr. Stark is looking forward to meeting you.”
Steve ponders the past month he had been pulling away from Tony – perhaps it was Steve’s obvious affection for him that made Tony uncomfortable?
Tony thinks of the loudness of his weapons firing. There was a time once when he sought to make them as loud as possible, so that their firing would shake people to their bones. It was stupid and daft, and here, where all he can hear is Steve's breathing and the steady, crashing waves, he thinks he can be reminded of the wondrous world he'd tried to destroy.
"Don't play
“If you say so.”
His friends mean well by setting him up with a rotation of people. Hell, Steve had even asked for it when he realised how much he missed meeting new people. With their own busy lives – Bucky’s bookshop, Natasha’s gym and Sam’s work at the VA – he can’t expect his friends to keep him company every day. But meeting new people doesn’t seem to be working because none of the dates so far seemed interested in coming back a second time.
He revises his list. Maybe it wasn’t reckless foolishness, after all. There were other words to describe Steve now, swirling carefully at the edge of his thoughts: courage, loyalty, honor.
“Good night,” he buries his face in Tony’s hair. “Sweet dreams.”
“No.”
The flowers are forgotten, Tony has to bear with Ty’s angry mutterings for the rest of the week, but he finds that it’s an educational experience.
"When you’ve found somebody who makes you brave enough to love yourself, don’t call me. Don’t write me letters. Don’t try to find me.”
Steve pulls back, opening both eyes to dryly ask, “do I get a lollipop?”
They bicker, and Steve leaves for the kitchen, pretending to need another bottle of his useless beer. There are cracks already in the bottle he had been holding, the pressure of his fist around it too much.
This is Captain America, Tony realises with awe. Even without the uniform, he can see the way Steve inspires loyalty, the quick thinking paired with a kind heart that shines as a beacon of hope and peace in a world crumbling and screaming around them.
. Had he said something when he was unconscious?
, Tony wants to tell Steve.
’ from Tony after Sam points out a flaw in the mechanics of his wings, and it’s maddening as much as it’s worrying.
Better that he stay friends with Tony.
have a point. Still… why did he decide to agree to Steve’s policies about taking breaks? He
made the ring for you. I thought the ‘yes’ was already clear.”
to clutch at the last bits of their friendship, but even in anger and hurt, he knew he’d regret it if he walked away.
And Tony will be damned if he lets anyone else die.
Not wanting to intrude, Steve decides his private kitchen will do for as long as the Colonel’s visit extends. He can always make pancakes for himself, and the other Avengers will certainly be able to find their own morning food.
“What if,” Steve clears his throat, leg bouncing beneath the table to let off some anxiousness, “stop me if I’m wrong, but what if the promise didn’t involve a bed? What if it’s just a dinner?”
“For taking care of me.”
Yeah, no. If he's forced to attend these travesties, he'll do what he can to make them less mind-numbing.
, is that
" More soberly, "you can't really think I was responsible."
"Thought so," Tony says in the silence. "You can see yourself out, and if you want tea parties with Howard, you can leave me the hell out of them."
“In two weeks,” Steve sternly adds. “After you get discharged.”
Numb, Steve watches him leave.
“How did you know that?” someone asks.
This time, he drifts off to sleep feeling light.
"Ma?" Steve's head pokes in, "oh."
Three years going through Erskine's experiments, five in the deserts fighting wars they had no business fighting, and another two helping Bucky recover while signing up for Peggy's grassroots organisation, Steve hadn't had much time for himself in the past decade.
Not when she can make Tony laugh. Not when Tony's smile sends something tumbling in Steve, falling and breaking and fracturing promises he made a long time ago.
With Edwin and Ana Jarvis off in their
This might be the last face he'll ever see, and he thinks he'll be... okay if it
Gathering himself, Steve teases back. "Tony Stark, low profile?"
“Miss Potts did.”
Still, it's nice to imagine a life where someone might be waiting at home for him.
A tight smile pasted on his face, Steve ushers Tony to a safer side of the room even as Tony looks back at Janet. "She's a
Tony considers saying no again, unwilling to have his worlds collide. Steve was his past, meant to be kept in sepia smiles and the ceaseless tug of yearning nostalgia.
, Tony nods to himself,
grown," Sarah's smile grows smaller but fonder, so similar to her son's that Tony has a hard time looking at the brightness of it. "You've grown smarter, taller, and handsomer, dear."
“Thought I wasn't allowed to work?” Steve grins innocently, standing up too to take his uniform off the ground.
"All those times Howard kept going on and on about how he made America's golden boy - and Aunt Pegs didn't even
Not is. "If I recall correctly, your plan involved leaving me."
"Donuts and burgers with a sinful amount of grease?"
He shakes his head. "We're not those boys anymore."
smile of yours, and your messy bedhead with your annoying recklessness — ”
Tony pulls his hand out of the incubator, closing the window.
“Still reading
She brings out a basket of fries instead. “Like how I heard you weren’t the happiest Doctor.”
“That’s
Steve flashes him a small smile, and suddenly – oh, no. Nope.
With a laugh, Peggy stands, leaving her armchair for the empty spot next to Tony on the couch. She wraps an arm around his shoulder. "I thought we agreed a long time ago that nobody '
"You know that they had something to do with the missing weapons, though, the evidence Pep found - "
. There was, of course, the real risk that their relationship might jeopardize the investigation, but there was also the fact that the messy politics of Captain America dating Tony Stark weren't anything they felt prepared to face.
“I try my best, Platypus.”
“Surgeries are a normal thing,” Stark leans back into his seat. “You didn't have to go above and beyond.”
Compartmentalize. Assess. Plan.
He has to do it, and if it means Steve will hate him for it, then it's a price Tony has to pay.
.' Doesn’t mean anything, a joke between friends – except maybe Thor,” Tony sits again beside Steve, still holding fast to his hand. “Wouldn’t it be great for me to be Queen of Asgard? All that technology, the
Yes, Tony did know about Joseph Rogers, and it was why despite public appearances of seeming drunk, he had stopped himself from actually drinking in private. His heart felt hollow, but there was enough space to hear Steve's fears.
That's the furthest from the fire's start in Hammer's lab. None of the nurses hesitate, trusting his word.
Two weeks after what Tony has dubiously termed the Pizza Aberration, Steve Rogers has still not yet made another appearance at the hospital. Tony supposes he
He doesn't quite know what to reply to that. "Thor says hi," he offers instead. An olive branch, a new, neutral starting point.
"I won't find closure by doing nothing."
are wheezing right now, and if you died on me, I'd be a suspect. So let's keep me out of jail," Tony would push Steve out the door anyway.
It isn't fair for him to question it either.
Not the answer Tony was hoping for, but the best that he can get.
"You can come back on, J."
Tony. By whatever magic or fate or coincidence, Liberty trusts Tony.
Strategy was his natural advantage, and a month after that meeting with Fury - when Sam is in deep shadow conditions monitoring the movement of weapons and Bucky is burrowing together with Nat closer to the source of these false trails - Steve continues to stay on high alert.
If it also happens to be a block away from the local police precinct where Carol works, then it's merely a coincidence that Tony enjoys visiting the bar for breakfast at 1 p.m., right around Carol's lunch break.
“I don't usually advise patient-doctor relationships, but you're not a doctor, and she finds you charming.”
That's... more mild than Steve expected, given how much Steve threatens to send askew by adding that extra layer of complications just for the sake of kissing Tony. In Steve's calculations, the heady rush of having Tony right next to him was worth it, but, "I don't - "
"And you're the one who snuck in here three hours ago," Tony eventually fires back.
Soon, Tony will have to tell them the truth. He’ll wait a few more minutes, no sense in them worrying over something they can’t change.
"Never could back down from a challenge, could you, Rogers?"
“What?” Tony asks.
Good. It'll give them another reason to fight, and with each fight, it'll give Steve another reason to leave Tony.
Splashing some water over his face, he takes five steadying breaths.
When Tony laughs, it sounds like hope.
in that picture?” Tony takes a long, sobering chug of his beer. “No one has any right to look
Steve squirms, realising the silliness of everything. "They could have just asked me," he mumbles grumpily.
One search on the internet and Steve is certain he would be able to solve the mystery that is Doctor Stark. Slipping into the banter with Tony yesterday had felt frighteningly comfortable. He can't believe he said what he said.
."I'm giving the stability that Obie says it needs."
"Did you invent this?" Steve turns the slim plastic stick around. He's sure one of Natasha's computers can open it.
Two more songs play before Maria finds him again, expertly cutting through the Secretary's rambling.
It isn't meant to be an accusation: he's only trying to figure out where everything went messed up.
"I'm not a fossil from the nineteenth century!" he yells over the wind as he switches the song back to the beating drums of Nirvana. Bickering with Steve made him laugh.
That's...
Shoving their joined hands back into his warm pocket, Tony slowly starts their walk again, the Tower a bright beacon in the distance.
," Steve says as he holds the door open for Tony. "Come in."
“You’re not going to trick me into doing paperwork.”
"Like you're any better," Steve shoots back.
, one of the envelopes reads out,
It’s difficult to imagine a child growing up here.
These days, it’s all Tony can hope for.
“And that,” Natasha points out to Kamala, wry and indulgent, “is why Doctor Stark is a genius
"Ms. Potts should be fired for scheming with a spy."
One unfortunate part of being an Avenger is – well, it depends on which Avenger you are.
Tony sighs. "Plant yourself like a tree," he finishes the words he's heard her say a hundred times before. "I've tried. No matter how stubborn I am, Howard and Obie won't let me change the company's course."
security."
“Well, I’m making time now,” Tony grins up at him. They sidestep a pair of runners, continuing their easy stroll down Central Park, their stomachs full from their anniversary dinner.
Someone else bumps into Steve's shoulder, more gently this time. "Go on," Sam's voice comes to him as if from far away. "
“I'll take it from here, Officer. There are more useful things for you to do.” He waits until Quill leaves, then, he towers over Steve, “and
He still kept all the letters that did reach him - envelopes marked with Tony's messy scrawl. They were neatly kept beside an even taller pile stamped with bright red letters long since dulled by dust and grime:
“Well their parents are friends of my parents,” Tony parrots again, confused. He didn’t really have a choice, did he? They were meant to be allies, heirs to fortunes and businesses. It was only logical that they start their alliance now.
“No work for you
It's definitely more than what the armor can take.
going to barge into Tony's heart, too.
He has a goal, a plan. All he has to do is follow through.
The stiffness in Tony’s shoulders, the way he gripped his fork tight enough to turn his knuckles white – they screamed at Steve to
Is this what Tony feels like when he asks Steve to marry him?
"Of course I have. And it's
"You can thank me by putting that brain of yours to use. Who's writing to you?"
, was entirely fair of her.
“Not a vacation.”
"We always have choices," she takes his hand in her free one, the calluses on her trigger finger brushing against those on Tony's hand, young but forged in hard work and heavy lifting. "Compromise where you can," Peggy closes her eyes. "And when you can't, don't."
A camera clicks.
Ignoring the implicit
“So you really
As it was, however, Steve looked away from him, turning back to his lonely plate. Seven more months, and he’d get to go back home for the summer holidays.
Old wounds reopened, Tony just has to find the strength to add fire to the fuel, to do the final hit to shatter fractures he had once kissed, to cut open scars he had once helped Steve heal from.
“I don’t like bullies.”
He pauses as he sees the folders in Tony's gallery. This was - this felt wrong. No doubt Rhodey has gone through everything, there isn't anything for Steve to double check here. This is just his inability to wait quietly as JARVIS finishes compiling Stane's logs. Steve has no right to barge even further into Tony's life, especially when he hadn't been brave enough to come back here before Tony had gone missing.
boy," Sarah presses a kiss on Tony's cheek. "I'm so sorry."
“He’s investigating your company,” Rhodey tells him flatly, taking another long sip of his milkshake. “He could just be using your connection to dig for something.”
Peggy shakes her head. "We don't know who to trust to do justice with the evidence, and we need our own arsenal of tech to keep HYDRA at bay."
"Of course. Didn't you read my file? Apparently, I'm highly desirable." Making sure his suit jacket is properly unbuttoned, he pauses by Steve before walking through the door to meet the cameras. "How do I look?"
Tony huffs. “I'm getting your meds from the ambulance.” He stands up. “And paperwork for you to fill.”
hands. There are splotches of red where the skin seems burnt from more than just a sun - had Tony been too near a fire?
“Why are you here?”
“If you don’t kiss him, I’ll know!”
"Keep him safe from himself," Howard goes on despite Maria's subtle attempts at getting him to stop.
"I'm going to chuck the bomb as far as I can, and you're going to use that shield."
But he watches, he takes notes, lets the pieces of the puzzle fall together until he understands.
Steve refuses to listen, shoving him towards Happy. "You need to leave."
- then to Steve before he gives a jerky nod. "I'll keep the car running for you, Boss."
“He did on site CPR,” Steve confirms.
Here, Steve realises, Tony can give to the children the attention Howard had overlooked, and the flame to spark their own brilliance.
Steve thinks of the doctors who had saved him when he had been a skinny, sickly young boy. Miracle workers.
"Are you seeing this?"
, Steve’s mind supplies. He wonders how many more facets there are to Stark, wonders if he’ll ever get to know them all. “Just because your heart’s broken,” Steve slowly says, “doesn’t mean you’re heartless.”
Then again, she had told Steve that Stark – or rather, Doctor Tony – was the best of the best. '
, Tony would have joined in the teasing, his voice from years ago ringing clear.
There’s snow falling lightly, crowning Tony’s head in a soft halo of white.
“You’re both my friends. Of course he knows about you.”
The call ends abruptly there.
“I mean it,” he says more sternly.
"I keep him safe," Steve frowns. How far gone was Howard? Where was Agent May? She was meant to keep track of the elder Stark from spiralling this bad.
Steve, watching from the elevator, decides it’s far too early in the day to cope with this madness. He presses the button for floor 45 instead.
“And I don’t need you to fight my battles for me,” Tony growls. His fork clatters loud on the table. “If I want my technology to be used for something, I’ll do it myself.”
The only reason Tony had stayed longer in MIT was his need to keep Rhodey close, because the thought of having another friend leave him to go fight a war had been too much for him to bear.
“I’ve always been the shy, retiring one in this relationship,” Bucky agreed with a sly grin.
“Is everything okay?” Steve asked. “Do you need some help or…?”
Bucky turned his hand over so that their palms were touching and curled his fingers around Tony’s. “I like to be what you need.” And that was about as blatant as it could possibly be. There was no room for misunderstanding.
looked at him. He appeared smaller, damaged somehow. Steve had done that. Not all of it, but he was definitely responsible for some of the blame. “I’m sorry, Tony.”
“Good morning, Captain Rogers. It is five am and you are in your room at Stark Mansion.” Without prompting, F.R.I.D.A.Y. continued the ritual that J.A.R.V.I.S. had begun when he was still in Stark Tower.
~o0o~
“How do we get him out?” Steve asked. “I mean, if we’re taking on the Devil, we might as well make it a rescue mission too.” He met Sam’s shocked gaze. “Let’s not bring him here. Let’s take the fight to him.”
“The stones,” Tony said. “It’s all about the stones.” He paced the laboratory like a caged animal, muttering under his breath.
“My turn?” Tony asked Bucky, holding out a hand.
Steve’s nostrils flared. “You’re a very stubborn man,” he said eventually. But he reached around and tucked his fingers into Tony’s waist-band.
Bruce grabbed Tony’s arm. “Tony, listen to me. Thor's gone. Thanos is coming.”
Tony winced. “I look forward to it, big guy.” He rubbed at his aching hand. “I hope it isn’t too long.”
“Remember, we can’t kill it,” Natasha said, appearing a little putout. “I really don’t want to deal with Tony being even more pissed off at me than he is already going to be.”
“The registration?” Steve prompted. “Talk, Tony.”
, on the other hand, are stone-cold sober.”
Because now, finally, he could.
Thor paused. “I’m not entirely sure,” he admitted after a bit. “I was rather caught up in the moment.”
Steve pocketed the paper. “I can’t speak Latin,” he said.
Tony traipsed down the path scattered with thousands of bright green four-leafed clovers and flat black and red spider cut-outs. Natasha really shouldn’t have trusted him with the décor. He was goddamn hilarious.
Or threatening. Phallically threatening? Threateningly phallic? Tony flinched regardless.
There wasn’t an answer.
“Letch,” Bucky teased with a grin when he caught him.
It felt a little weird to be back in the Iron Man suit, Tony thought. He’d not put it on in over two months. He’d promised Pepper first and then after…well it had just been too painful.
“Hey Loki, guess who?” Tony asked.
“Uh, thanks?” Tony said, looking over at Steve. He tucked it into his jacket pocket.
Yggdrasil told him.
“When did it change?” Rhodes asked. Steve was surprised at just how civilized this conversation was. He had expected at least one punch with the War Machine armor by now.
When the phone rang, Tony was elbows deep in the bowels of an Impala ’67. He’d bought it off a kid a year back. He’d looked into eyes that had seen far too much and folded like a cheap suit.
semi-immortal, Tony. It’s not that big of a deal.”
“Machine?” Rhodey squawked, his surprise allowing Tony to wriggle away and hurtle towards Vision.
Just then the elevator dinged, signaling its arrival. They all turned to look at it. As the doors slid open, Tony leaned forward.
He left Steve and Barnes there in Siberia. Barnes would call. Tony would help him. Steve was dead to him in every way.
He chalked it up to migraines, exhaustion, needing new glasses…
“You’ve already expended plenty energy,” Sam muttered, clamping his mouth closed when Steve glared at him.
“He’s a moron,” Clint said.  He scooted back to Natasha’s side. “Gave up the best thing he ever had.”
Uatu replied.
Thor appeared even more confused.
“Perish the thought, boss,” Friday assured him. “Your constant notes are a litany of delight for me.”
“Thanks, you guys.” Clint hugged Dean first, and then Sam. “We couldn’t have done this without you.”
He ignored Rhodey and Pepper’s increasingly hysterical demands to be let in. Only Bruce was granted access and that was only on pain of death.
“Everything checking out okay?” he asked F.R.I.D.A.Y. as he soared over the Pacific Ocean.
And Bucky was, had always been, the very best of them all.
“Steve wants you.” Bucky’s blue eyes were very clear, very sure. “He never thought he’d get the chance to have you though.”
trust you.”
“Fine, somebody’s unwanted Spring Equinox gift?” Tony grinned when Bruce groaned, dropping his forehead onto the table. “Seriously, though, any ideas?”
Tony had visions of a giant tree wrapping around the world and squeezing humanity out.
“He had nothing to hide.” Wanda’s simple reply had Steve relaxing.
Tony shrugged. “None taken, I don’t have the best track record.” And wasn’t this a shit-storm of his own making?
~o0o~
Tony folded his arms, jaw jutting out. “Pop quiz, who in the room knows what Ross had planned for the Avengers once he had them all trapped?” He held up a hand, Rhodey raised his and so did Vision. T’Challa waggled a finger out of sight of everyone but Tony.
“I should probably have a chat with Bruce and Rhodes,” he said after a while. “Before I tackle Tony again.”
Tony was a mature adult who did
Tony felt like a complete asshole. “I….”
Steve wasn't sleeping. He went over and over the day's events and at every turn he understood that he'd messed up. With Tony, with Bucky, with the team.
“Somehow, god knows how, you broke free from decades of mental conditioning and not only came out the other side, but you still have the capacity to love. That’s beyond remarkable.” Tony frowned at him. “How can I get you to believe that?”
“Because it wasn’t your fault,” Tony said. “I know when to blame someone for something, Barnes. You were a mindless weapon for seventy plus years with no control. I can relate to being used without my permission.”
“Rock beats scissors.” Natasha’s glare was poisonous as she looked at Bucky. “Lucky guess,” she snarled.
“Just shut up and let me get this out.” Tony glared. “You asked.”
interested,” he assured her. He gestured at his body. “Nubile virgin wanting to be ravished here.” He gulped.
“About a day,” Steve said, watching Tony closely. “Maybe closer to two.” He didn’t intend on letting Tony out of his sight for some time.
“Let me ask you something,” Steve said, trying a different track. “You’ve been friends with Tony for how long now?”
Steve went cold. “Tony…” but Tony was gone, leaving Steve sitting on the kitchen floor with a heart cracked open.
Steve hitched a laugh as Tony dug his heels into Steve’s butt. “Stop teasing him, you asshole.” He jerked against Tony when Bucky bit his earlobe.
“Because unlike you, my thick-headed friend; Moose over here understands that I have just as much invested in keeping that prick locked up as you do.” Crowley sneered with his entire body. Tony wanted to learn how to do that.
Bruce held up a hand. “Tony, your sexuality is so fluid it should be liquid.” His dry comment had Tony grinning.
Whatever, Tony thought, Loki had been asking for it. Bucky bumped him gently, shy smile his reward for his actions. Bucky totally got him. Keeping him forever. And Steve. Because Steve could be the jelly in the sandwich....Tony sort of lost control of his brain right then.
“Not just yet, Cap!” Tony yelled back. “I’m just teaching this asshole some manners!” The two suits rolled in the air and then dropped, plunged several hundred feet before stopping. Steve’s heart was in his throat.
It felt true when he looked as Wanda showed Vision the correct way to create the perfect pancake stack and his bewildered expression as she added maple syrup and blueberries.
“You have a meeting with General Ross at seven tonight,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. told him.
Tony realized that while he’d been having a semi-hysterical internal freak-out about possibly having sex with Steve
Wakanda was gorgeous. All tropical greens, rich golds and brilliant reds.
Steve spent many nights cursing Howard Stark. He would erase all doubts from Tony’s mind of his lack of worthiness if it took him millennia. “Of course, he means you, love. You are the most human, most fragile of us all, and yet you persist in standing up and fighting for what is right.  You are the truest hero of the Avengers.”
Steve had literally no words. He stared at Tony for about a minute before looking at Bucky. “What the hell?”
“Later,” Dean assured him. “Seriously, he’s a pathological liar and a demon, not the best combination.”
~~~~~~
“Fine,” Rhodey snapped. “I may have to kick your ass though…” His voice trailed off. “Tones?” he whispered. He was standing.
“I think Steve Rogers is a mean meanie,” he said. “And he is way too perfect.” His eyelids felt as though someone had hung fishing sinkers off his eyelashes.
Put like that, Tony felt like a bit of an idiot. “She said…”
“Pep, we’ve been together a long time, right?” he began.
Everyone was on their feet about a moment later. “What’s going on?” Bruce asked, his cheek slightly creased from leaning against Natasha.
“I can do this all day.”
“We’re going to summon a demon,” Steve said with absolutely no irony.
“You remember that?”
Tony sighed. “Spied on by my own tech,” he muttered. “I’m going to reprogram the toaster. At least
He wasn't going to look. He was a rock. An island. A bastio....Fuck. Apparently his dignity was at the bottom of a vodka bottle. Tony leapt to his feet and went to where the other three were peering out at the garden.
Bucky stared at Steve. “What?” He looked a little sick. “Steve. What part of ‘I’m not ready for this’ didn’t you get back in Malibu?” he asked.
“Consort,” Pepper mused from the safety of her corner. “I like that.” Rhodey turned to glare at her. She shrugged. “I’m just saying.”
“Tony?” When he heard Steve’s voice he brained himself on the hood.
Ultron loses. The cost? Too high. But as the old man said....they do it together.
“Copper. Field.” Tony said, already unhooking, unplugging and unsticking. “It’ll be like I was never here.”
“An understatement,” Bruce murmured.
She smacked the back of his head in return. “Don’t be an idiot. It was the precursor to a heart attack and I’d like you to take it seriously.”
“You won’t be alone,” Tony said to him. He turned his head to meet Bucky’s eyes. “You’ll have each other and that’s what will get you through whatever happens.”
Bucky collapsed into a giggling heap at Steve’s feet as Tony scowled at them both. “Laugh it up, fuzzballs,” he muttered, grabbing one corner of the sheet to wipe his belly. “My refractory period isn’t the same as your super soldier metabolism.”
Tony pushed at Steve’s shoulders until he lay back on the bed. “Oh my god, I want to start from the bottom and work my way up, but if I don’t get my mouth on your cock in the next five seconds I’m going to die.”
“One day, when I find Edlund…” Dean threatened.
Tony tugged, pulling Bucky closer. “And what about you?”
Bruce’s eyeroll was only mostly sarcastic. There was a little bit of fondness thrown in there too, Tony noted. He peered down at the schematics. “You’ve given an overhaul to the operating system,” he said.
Steve followed Sam and Dean, holding the creatures at bay while still edging towards the thicket of trees. Bucky whooped like a lunatic beside him, punching and shooting at everything that moved.
“What the hell are you doing here anyway?” Tony demanded. “I explicitly told you…”
“He didn’t actually
“As I have not read our fair city’s words to you, I am at a loss to explain,” Thor said. Steve could spot a dodge a thousand miles away.
“What Rumlow did to Clint’s family, is
Steve reached up, took her hand in his. “I don’t know what happened, but I believe that Bruce has real feelings for you Nat.”
“Your relationship with the Winchesters seems a little….fraught,” Tony said, stalling because he
“Of course, sir,” JARVIS replied.
“Don’t be an ass, Steve. You’re better than this, than him.” Pepper stared at the group in training. “He’s your friend, not just Iron Man. Tony needs a friend right now.” Her mouth turned down. “And I can’t be that friend just yet.”
Steve stood up, startling Tony. “It sounds like you have things well in hand,” he said, clearly not having a clue.
Steve was startled. “You’ve always been Tony to me,” he insisted. “This life or the other, you’re the one I love, the one I can’t and won’t live without.”
They all gaped at him.
“So,” Tony said, because silence
“Or in case Barnes was still the crazy killer dude with the mask and metal arm,” Sam added.
“Heh.” Tony hid his smirk when Steve shot him a look.
With Bruce at his side and Rhodey and Vision at his back, Tony walked out of the General Assembly room with a tiny bit of hope.
Sam frowned. “From what I’m reading, Set isn’t actually on earth. There’s something here about a pocket dimension and Set being able to access his powers by means of the crown.” He scratched his belly. “I’ll have to wade through a whole bunch of crap to find out some part of the truth. Wikipedia isn’t exactly long on accuracy.”
DUM-E bleeped something at him, nudging his thigh with his other claw. Tony sighed. “I think you’re trying to kill me,” he said, patting DUM-E with one hand while downing the liquid in the glass.
Then the
“We just managed to get rid of Hydra,” Tony said. “We’re not going to exchange it for another version of the Aryan race. Humans aren’t the superior species anymore.”
Thor leaned over and gave him a helpful pat on the back that almost tossed Tony off the chair. “Has our noble Captain not made his move?” he asked. “He has expressed several times his admiration for your form.”
Tony asked.
sort of consequence.”
Tony looked at him. “It’s me, Cap,” he affirmed. “By the way, Peggy says hi.”
“Just read it when we get to the Cage,” Steve told him, stepping into the ink-dark tunnel. “I’m sick of this place.”
“Wanda.” Vision's calm tone had her looking at him. “I am well. Please, do not upset yourself further.”
Bruce frowned. “I doubt we can remove the Mind Stone from Vision, and I have no idea how we would even go about getting Extremis out of you and Rhodey.”
“Hey, I remember him handing us both our asses,” Bucky pointed out.
“Thirty, give or take a couple,” Natasha called, her usual calm an antidote to the frenzy around her.
“Mr. Stark is not sleeping,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. told him.
” Skurge offered.
~o0o~
Thor made a startled sound, sitting rigidly as he watched her float towards Loki. Tony smiled. Yeah, Captain Blue Eyes got this one right too.
“I know.” Steve rubbed his eyes. “And somehow I’m going to make him sit down and talk to me about it. I’m tired of being sad all the time. I miss my friend.”
“I’m Bucky.”
“And Clint, Natasha or Thor aren’t up to the job?” Pepper teased as she sat down behind the desk.
“He betrayed you,” she snapped back, eyes flashing. “He betrayed
“Gotcha!” he crowed, the watery grave of the Quinjet coming into view. “Now to work out where the Other Guy went.”
“Seriously, why’d you kiss me?” Tony asked. “You’ve been giving a pretty awesome impression of hating my guts for the past few years.”
“You know who would have been an asset here?” Tony asked. “Wanda.” He looked at Steve. “Pity she went batshit crazy.”
“Seriously, Brucie-Bear, you know I’m right,” he slurred, gesticulating with his glass.
“I’m not sure what this is about,” he began.
“Hello to you too, Nicholas,” Tony said, pressing the button that would seal his part of the car off. He didn’t want anyone listening in on this conversation.
Crowley’s snort was derisive. “Why don’t you ask the Winchesters what they think about God?” he replied instead, sauntering through the mass of bodies with little care.
Clint shrugged. “Anyone messing with my head makes me antsy. She tried it once before but thanks to lessons learned, care of Loki, asshole brother of Thor, I was prepared. Not so much this time.”
“I don’t remember so much of it anymore,” Steve confessed. “It feels as if that other me is fading, that those memories are being replaced with the ones I’ve made here, with you.”
“Right?” Tony wilted back on the sofa.
Clint squared his shoulders. “As long as I get to shoot shit, I’m good, Cap.”
“I will see it done,” Thor promised. He nodded to Steve. “I will return once I know the fate of Asgard and my brother.”
“Viz helps me with my  homework,” Peter explained. “He’s like a genius.”
Tony’s eyes flashed at Bruce. “He left me to freeze to death in a fucking bunker in Siberia so that he could run away with his childhood boyfriend!” He was practically shouting at the end of the sentence.
Tony frowned. “That’s not okay,” he said, glaring at Crowley. “We cleaned up your mess and that’s how you repay us? By betraying us?”
“Fuck you, Steve.” Bucky’s tone was venomous. “Fuck you. You are being so disrespectful right now, not just to me, but to Tony as well. Fuck. You.” He spun on his heel and stalked towards the house.
Tony’s laugh was short and bitter. “Until you found out that Bucky Barnes was alive and everything we’d built came crashing down.”
“I knew he was a friend of yours. I did my homework.” Bucky took a deep breath. “I knew that coming here would mean that I would eventually see you again.” He made a rueful face. “I needed to stop running, Steve. Tony Stark just happened to be my finish line.”
“So, you’re saying that the witch who already gave you a false vision about killing all your friends, showed you a future where you, me and Steve were all together?” Tony nodded. “And you
“He is…was, my father,” Nebula said.
Dean swore. “Fuck! I knew we should have killed that bastard!”
There was a complicated series of eyebrow movements between Sam and Dean that fascinated Tony. Sam came out the obvious winner when he said, “When do we leave?”
“He won't.” Bucky seemed completely sure. Steve wished he had his confidence.
The dome above opened and something that looked suspiciously like a rope dropped down. At the end of it was a scooped out branch that appeared to be… “You have
“Man, this sucks,” Sam muttered, turning away as Loki started to manipulate the air
And really, that was all that mattered.
“No, you aren’t.” Bruce’s voice was very mild. “You’re an idiot, an ego-maniac and a lunatic, but you’re not selfish.”
“That just sounds dirty,” Tony observed.
While he pondered the visible water-stains on the roof of his shower, flashes of the night before came back and slapped him across the face.
Bucky grinned at him. “Takes one to know one,” he reminded Tony.
can put that formula together from memory.” He frowned, trying to recall the myriad equations.
Tony scrambled for the door, the track and trace on Rhodey’s phone already in action. “What the fuck are you doing there?” He had a sort of hate-hate relationship with Alpha Tau Omega but then that was sort of a Sigma Pi requirement.
“Why did you ask about your S.H.I.E.L.D. file?” Tony stroked his hand over Bucky’s hair, wondering how their conversation had taken this turn.
“What?” Rhodey protested. “I didn’t say a word!”
“Captain.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. sounded almost apologetic.
“Jörmungandr was a great help.” He met Loki’s gaze. “Once I told him of the consequences of his actions, he wanted to help right away.”
“Peggy told us how to help save you,” Steve said, voice still rough and gravelly. Tony
“So, Loki.” Steve frowned. “I thought he was busy ruling Asgard?” he asked Thor.
Barnes followed Steve’s lead, stepping onto one of Tony’s boots and grabbing the plate at his left shoulder.
“So, what about Steve?” Rhodey asked again.
“What did he say?”
“There was not much time,” Wanda said. “He did tell me that they were able to convince Jörmungandr of his error. Now the son of the god of mischief is helping them.”
“That's where that Boy Scout mind of yours is going,” Bucky said. “You're going to step back, be the bigger man and let us be happy together, right? Watch us from the sidelines while crying into your milk because, god forbid, Captain America drink actual alcohol!”
“Most of us,” Natasha said. Steve tried to ignore that twinge of guilt whenever he thought of how stupid he’d been to trust Wanda so quickly.
Tony had to look away as Loki turned to burrow his face into Thor’s neck. “I do not wish to speak of this again.” The words were muffled and choked as though he was fighting back tears.
“I wasn’t just sulking in my rooms when I came back to New York, you know,” Tony told them. “I was actually making some major adjustments to my suit.”
Natasha ran a hand over his hair. “What is Purgatory then?” she asked, watchful eyes on the Winchesters.
“I need you to go back there,” Steve said. “Take Natasha and Clint with you. Find that staff.”
“I don’t understand.” Rhodey frowned. “I thought that J was part of you.”
“You must understand that he believed that he was only there on sufferance,” Thor said, reaching out to run a hand over Matilda’s thick fur. “He was the son of a conquered world that my father adopted. We were raised as brothers in every way, but Loki always felt less than I.”
, how could he miss this? "I make missiles that can flatten whole towns!"
"New companies are emerging to compete with in tech," the man stands. "Does this mean you'll be joining them in the race for computing power?"
No amount of dodging or hiding could stop Obie from finding him, and find him Obie does in the basement of the nearly finished Malibu Mansion. Mid-April means deadlines for the quarterly financial report, which Pepper was meant to handle, but which of course showed the company wasn't doing as well as before Howard's death.
"Thor, light their asses up!" Tony yells in the comms, "there's a patch there that seems to be the mainframe access."
“Sir, I believe you’ve surpassed Captain Rogers’ limit of twelve consecutive hours in the workshop. U will be ready to serve you again after you have taken at least an hour of rest.”
"Ma," Steve grabs onto it like a lifeline. "Ma, this is - I need to go."
"I know you," Howard slurs the slightest bit, one hand clutching at his whiskey. His twelfth tumbler of the night, if Steve's numbers didn't lie.
Tony checks his pocket. He has his phone, his pager, pen, O
"I'm not making any waves, Steve. I'm - "
"Hap, go keep Pepper safe," Tony counters, shoving Happy towards the door.
He mulls her words over in his head, thinking of Sunset's frown as she tries on her hundredth dress and the warmth of Sarah Rogers' hug. Thinks of how much easier the world would be if - if there was truly an end to all the fighting.
They're so close, Tony can the the spray of freckles beneath Steve's eyes. This new position, he realises, has him holding both of Steve's hands.
choking Tony with endless demands that made him even angrier at himself.
"Armor for you?"
That hurts more than it should have. But at least Steve isn’t kicking Tony out or reporting him. Yet.
Steve shakes his head. “Spent a lot of time on painkillers as a kid,” he gives Tony a tight smile. “Didn't like the feeling much.”
This - Tony can't do this anymore. Pretending that everything's fine when Steve is supposed to be searching for an arms dealer in Howard's company, when Tony's just read the letter that's - he waves the piece of paper in the air.
There was something about that which settled uncomfortably close to his heart. Gulping down the tea to wash off the ashy taste on his tongue, he shifts in his couch.
"Why stop the investigation?" he manages to whisper into the darkness of the bedroom.
Steve hums, indulgent. “Tony Stark, will you stop making yourself bleed out and start making yourself my husband?”
Steve settled back in his chair, smiling arrogantly. “Or I guess I’ll get to prove some things after all.”
Wanting to get this over with already, in true Tony fashion he decided to just barrel forward blindly. “Soooo… I’m assuming you nursed me back to health so you could have your talk. The band finally packed up and left for the evening and my head doesn’t feel like it’s gonna explode anymore. You can just… What do you want to…?” Tony last words where murmured into his mug as he trailed off.
Even with all this in mind, Steve wanted some time before this happened between his lovers again. He wanted to be able to coax these reactions from them before he’d feel comfortable with them continuing down this path. Tony was able to not only take Bucky’s entire dick in his ass but in his mouth as well. Steve wanted to be able to do that for his partner, wanted to make Bucky look at him with the admiration Steve saw on his face from the bathroom doorway.
Tony looked between Steve and Bucky before shrugging his shoulders as he began removing his clothes. “I’m for whatever gets me into the positions Bucky wants the fastest.” After Taking off his pants Tony jumped on the side of the hot tub and swiveled around to sit in the bubbling water. “I’m aching in so many places right now,” Bucky sat down in the pool beside Tony as he began to hear Steve wailing on the punching bag again. Tony stood up in the deep center part of the pool, moving stand between Bucky’s parted legs. His hands stroked at Bucky’s hardness beneath the water as he leaned into him saying, “I need this so bad, I’m throbbing all over from what you just did. Please, just tell me where you want me, anything to make it stop.”
, was never, and this has been happening since I was 19… Give or take a few months of dry spells every now and then.”
He shifted his thrust inside Tony, aiming them to hammer against Tony’s prostate just the way he liked. “Now that we’re agreed, get comfortable, you’re gonna be there till your boyfriend passes out from coming over and over on my dick.”
Steve watched Tony and Bucky from his place against the headboard, only breaking away from the sight to verify that he had in fact become hard again at the sight. It should have taken a little longer but fuck if the picture in front of him wasn’t the best he’d ever seen. He began to stroke his dick watching his boyfriends together. He’d never seen Tony so submissive in bed before, never seen Bucky so possessively dominant. He had misgivings about Tony not only taking all of the monster Bucky had between his legs but also him not holding back. The only reason he didn’t stop them was because he knew he’d be there to watch and make sure it wasn’t too much for Tony to handle.
After those words, Bucky tuned out everything else to focus on doing just what he said.
“Uh, sorry Stevie no, not finished but I think we better stop.”
“Yeah, I will forever remember Nebraska in winter as….”
Bucky lay back against the headboard of the bed as Tony swallowed his cock, watching as Steve fucked the engineer. The only way he was able to stomach the last part of that equation was the knowledge that Tony’s focus was mostly if not completely on him. Bucky knew that this “threesome” idea was the quickest and most efficient way to get what he wanted from everyone involved after he’d decided Tony had suffered long enough. Unfortunately, this also meant he had to watch Steve fucking Tony first, before he could gain the advantage over everyone he needed.
Being with Tony so far had exceeded all Bucky’s expectations, sending him flying higher than he ever had with anyone else. The man brought out something primal within Bucky that he didn’t ever think was going away anytime soon. Steve had been right about one thing, Tony did feel “Best thing in this world amazing” wrapped around Bucky’s dick. Not only that, having Tony look as if having Bucky inside him was “Best thing in this world amazing”, made Bucky have to fight the urge to keep him on his dick all day every day. He should probably cut Steve some slack after he finished taking over his and Tony’s relationship. Bucky might let his baby take Steve for a ride a couple times a year, even if just to remind him of the ecstasy he was missing out on every time he saw Bucky drilling into Tony.
Next chapter will have Bucky’s “lessons” begin with Steve and Tony. Unless I get carried away with one of the scenes, this will be the ending solidifying Bucky’s control over everyone.
“Um, Buck… You um,” Bucky looked up to see Steve’s very red face staring at his dick as he gave the man a feigned look of confusion. “You have , um, you’re showing… Uh, you’re... erect Bucky.”
Tony had begun but was interrupted by Bucky saying, “Give me and Tony a minute Stevie, I’ll call you back in a second. I think I may know what he’s unsure about.”
Bucky shrugged, “Long as he’s ok with it I’m good.”
She smiled at him before crouching down in a fighting stance again and peppering the punching bag with a few quick hits. “That’s it, just put on the shirt…” throwing another smirk at him she finished adding, “Maybe do a few stretches before you see him, you’ll definitely want to be limber.”
Steve gave a deep sinful laugh. “Sorry pet, that’s not an option anymore. The moment I walked in here, saw you covered in me from head to toe, wearing my name around your neck…” Steve let out a low groan from deep in his throat, fist clenching tighter on the chain bringing Tony incrementally closer. “Now baby, the only place you’re going is to my bed, and the only thing you’ll be riding is my dick.”
He got lucky the first couple of times. Only Thor had been in the Tower that first instance and Tony had been able to shew him away quickly saying he was working on something important. The second time, Tony had been at a conference in Berlin. He’d told the team he was staying a few more days to wrap things up, staying away from them until he was back to normal.
Thanks for the kudos and comments, they keep me going! ☺️
Nat rolled her eyes as Clint answered back, “Well are you? Inquiring minds would like to know.”
Yeah, Tony had definitely reached the inner circle of hell known as agonizing blue balls frustration.
Tony can admit he may have gone slightly, just a tiny little bit, overboard.
“Oh Bucky, I never… Never thought about how that would make you feel. I’ve always loved all of you, never thought that maybe there were pieces you didn’t love of yourself.”
At Tony’s nod, Steve lay on the bed beside them. He watched as Bucky placed Tony back in the position he’d had him in at first. Steve’s shoulders were just above where Bucky sat on his legs, hindering his view of Tony somewhat. He could still see most of Tony’s torso and face. Since he really just wanted to see Tony’s face as he came, he didn’t expend the energy to move from his current position. Bucky resumed moving Tony up and down his length slowly fucking into the smaller man below him. Steve knew if it had been possible, his dick would be rock hard again just from the sounds his boyfriend was currently making. He saw Bucky’s rolling his hips to meet Tony’s, movement almost identical to how he moved when working out Tony’s cramps.
Trying to pull Steve’s body back down to his and hearing the man chuckle as he was unable to made Tony growl out a frustrated whine. “Then why the hell are you stopping Rogers? Get naked and put your dick in me already.”
Steve blushed bright red as he met Tony’s eyes and then ran them down to see Tony’s abs and dick covered in cum. “Uh, that’s a, no problem. I guess I’ll go get him showered.”
Bucky’s replied was mumbled as his breath ruffled Tony’s hair. “Know what baby?”
Bucky fucked Tony throughout the rest of the night, never letting up. Tony’s screams could be heard filling the penthouse as Bucky wreaked havoc on Tony’s senses, putting him in every position on every surface he had available.  Tony’s voice was hoarse, coming out in cracked sobs as he came for the last time, painstakingly overstimulated yet unwilling to stop the pleasure Bucky inflicted. Bucky had come in and all over Tony so many times, painting Tony’s skin until he was satisfied. When he finally was carried to his room to climb on shaky sore legs into bed next to Steve, Tony was still covered with it all over. Bucky had told Tony he couldn’t wash it away until after he slept, to remind Tony who he belonged to.
Tony gave them a smile tinged with sadness as he shrugged. “It’s not all your fault. Everyone I’ve ever been close to never put me in first place. Dad, Mom, even Pepper, they all had something they wanted or loved more than me.”
Tony sat at his dining room table with Bucky and Steve as they looked over the list of sexual preferences he had already completed. Bucky had been explaining to Steve what a few things meant for the last hour before finally throwing his hands up and saying, “You know what, unless Tony’s marked it off we’ll try everything on here you’re not sure about.”
The night after listening to Tony and Steve have sex, or at least what they thought was sex, Bucky’s resolve to have Tony was pretty much cemented. Once Steve came about 5 seconds within having Tony’s mouth on his dick and left Tony prep himself, Bucky considered himself to be doing those two a favor. One of the reasons he listened was because Bucky knew Tony would be dying for it after the tease he put the smaller man through in the lab. Knowing this would be one of their better sessions in the bedroom, Bucky wanted to get some insight into what Tony was already getting.
Tony’s ass and legs began to spasm, quivering around Bucky from Steve possibly hearing everything that was said below them. Opening his eyes gasping at Bucky with a shocked expression, Tony let out a stream of words that mounted higher in pitch when Bucky sped faster into Tony not liking the first. “Bucky, he can, right here, Steve, Nnmmm, God, Don’t stop, Uhhh, Fuck, fuck me, fuck.” Tony had began to lose all reasoning as the shocks through his body came almost nonstop.
Things pretty much continued the same way while Steve was gone. Tony slowly slid further and further into Bucky’s grasp, loving how he knew exactly what to do to drive Tony crazy. The first day Bucky had to seek Tony out after they parted that morning. Finding Tony in his lab, Bucky put him on his knees taking out his cock. Bucky didn’t say a word to him and didn’t have to. Once it was in his face, Tony wasted no time getting his mouth on Bucky and swallowing the man down. He nearly choked the first time trying to take it all and had not planned on making another try. Tony just began sucking as much as he could fit in his mouth, missing the last 2 inches.
Narrowing down his best possible help to the only other couple in the Tower, Tony opted to talk to Nat. Although a talk with Clint would probably yield the same results, it would likely end in their usual childish name calling. The archer’s Domme was still way too deep in protective mode to take it as light heartedly as she normally would. While there was a time he would have put his life at risk to get laid, Tony had definitely grown older and wiser.
. Tony walked up to her frowning at Clint still leaning over a lounge chair laughing. “What? You were the one who suggested this. Even though I was skeptical, really
“How did you know?” Steve asked softly, voice slightly cautious.
Tony nodded his head as he opened his mouth to speak but gave a throaty moan instead when Bucky grazed his fingers across his prostate. “Fuck, Oh god… I feel, you’re always so deep. Didn’t know… Oh fuck Bucky, please baby… Didn’t know it could feel so good, Uhhh... Feels like, you own me. Give it to me, God Bucky please.”
For 3 months, everything was great. Then Bucky’s arm began to malfunction.
The experience had been both overwhelming and devastating at the same time, pushing Tony to a place of complete peace. When Bucky had coaxed him back down to earth, Tony felt was wrung out and boneless in the best possible ways. He had smiled through a satisfied moan when Steve began to pepper kisses all over his face saying, “There you are sweetheart.”
Bucky didn’t open his eyes but raised his eyebrows in question as he grunted out a tired, “Hm?”
Turning a shade of pink, Steve averted his gaze before answering. “At first, I was too caught up in it being the first time I’d seen you together. It wasn’t until the second time that I figured out why I was so turned on. It seemed… Wrong, I guess. To like that you do that for each other and I can’t.”
Steve looked concerned over to them having stopped his movements at Bucky’s first exclamation. “What’s wrong Bucky… What did you forget? Do you need me to run upstairs for you?”
Steve’s expression then changed to something searching as he crossed his arms. It was as if regarded Tony’s barked out laughter laced with overconfidence as a problem he couldn’t wait to solve. Tony settled back in his chair raising his elbows to rest on the worktable behind him, conveying a false look of comfort at Steve’s perusal. “You’re not dominant enough to order me around, no one is Cap. I do what I want when I want, and there isn’t fuck all anyone, especially you, can do about that.”
down there. Able to work a lot better if I’m on top, really pumping into all the spots you need me to hit. Plus, with the way I need to hammer into right now, its going to take a long, long time to manage. You’re definitely gonna want to be comfortable with the way I plan on making you take whatever I give until I’m all done.”
Steve chuckled out a groan saying, “uh, I’ll never be able to see that movie again without getting a hard on. Thanks for that.” He leaned down again as he kissed Tony before his expression grew more serious. “I know you love me and want to make me happy, but I don’t want you to say yes unless it’s something that will make
It’s also how Tony knew he’d never find a partner, no Dom wanted to deal with a Sub they couldn’t drop or assert authority over. Angry at Steve for touching the rawest nerve Tony had so nonchalantly, he bit back at him through gritted teeth, “Why are you here, I don’t need to be watched… Don’t you have something better to do? I’m not your damn sub… I’m not your responsibility… Why the hell are you here?”
After they finished, Bucky just shook his head goink across the hall to his room. Poor little Tony, he wasn’t getting half of what he deserved. Bucky barely heard the man, the sounds he did hear were few and far between each other. The only exception was the last; Tony’s near shout as he came made Bucky smile. It was the sound he repeated in his head when he wrapped a hand around his dick pumping into his fist until he came. Making plans to take Tony apart slowly until all of Manhattan heard him, Bucky went to sleep with an arrogant smirk.
Looking up to Steve’s eyes Bucky shook his head as he laced their fingers together. “No, go don’t feeling bad about not being able to read my mind. I should have told you a long time ago but didn’t see any point when there’s nothing you can do about it.” He couldn’t help the small smile that lifted on his lips with his next words. “With Tony, I can relax. Not only do I not have to worry about hurting him, but he actually really likes it. For the first time, he made me like it to.”
Steve knowing Bucky should have and had previously been able to block his attack quickly rushed to kneel beside him. “Buck, what’s wrong? Are you okay?”
Steve lay with Tony wrapped in his arms, literally fucked into exhaustion, as Bucky settled on the other side draping an arm across them both. His eyelids were heavy as the tiredness from tonight’s exercise seeped into the forefront of his mind. Steve found himself unable to drift away like he wanted as a question kept rolling around in his head, demanding an answer. Lazily opening his eyes to settle on Bucky face behind Tony, he nudged Bucky’s chest with one of the fingers trapped between his and Tony’s bodies.
Chuckling Steve turned to look into Tony’s eyes. “It was even better than I thought it would be. Being with both of you together was better than I ever could have dreamed of.”
“Bucky, I can’t… Oh God please, Uhhh hurts… Fuck, Ahh let me, please, Bucky please…”
Steve gave a light chuckle as he said, “Hmph,” eyes gazing through Tony’s own. “Pretty sure I made that plain last night, but I’ll repeat it since you were… Out of sorts.” Turning sideways, Steve curled one leg and arm around Tony’s waist and slid him closer. Tony’s legs were pulled over to rest on top of the one Steve had on the ground, an arm curling around them as well to hold them there. When Tony gave a startled cry at the movement Steve just smiled lightheartedly back at him, leaning his head towards Tony’s. “There that’s better, have to say I like you in my lap a lot more though.” Tony just rolled his eyes at the statement. Steve’s fingers caressed his hair as he asked softly. “Why were you angry and jealous last night Tony?”
Tony felt Bucky kiss his neck as he was gliding so deep yet so slow. “I know baby. Missed me filling you up like this. Know how bad you need it,” Tony arched back into Bucky, pushing him in further. “It’s ok sweetheart, gonna fuck you like this all night.” Biting his lip so he wouldn’t moan too loudly, Tony’s leg clenched around Steve’s where it lay. “Gonna fuck you slow until morning, making you feel every inch.”
Sam is in the kitchen, most likely cobbling a dinner together. Despite Bucky's medical bills, they'd managed to collect enough for a flat in Brooklyn, allowing their mothers free reign over their childhood homes, and nighttime peace from the often violent effects of their nightmares.
Tony supposes he should be glad that he and Steve were trapped in an air bubble.
Three things:
"Go away," Obie brushes the bot off as he nods. "Captain America. Why?"
Where Howard was dressed sharply in a clearly tailored suit, Tony hadn’t bothered.
“I’m sorry,” Steve says again, feeling utterly berated and foolish.
- send a sharp cold down Steve's spine, heavy and impossible to process. "I'll see you then." His voice comes out choked.
Then again, a clipboard is waved under Steve’s nose, and, “Captain Steve,” Stark says with none of his earlier softness, “if you’ll kindly do the rest of the paperwork for Miss Khan?”
True to Carol's word, there's a small group of firefighters with their bright yellow helmets around the back of the firetruck, apparently squabbling with a few officers. Tony recognises Officer Quill, who throws up his hands in the air. “If you're not gonna accept treatment, that's not my problem!”
There it is again, that swooping feeling of lightness that brings up another laugh from Tony, easy and free and lifting the weight of his worries for a few precious seconds.
Steve is familiar with Christine Everhart's blonde hair and admittedly stellar journalism. Before that, however, Tony was supposed to receive the Apogee Award, but Stane had been the one to take the stage.
So Tony swallows down the sharp, stinging questions and says, "did Steve ever ask about me?"
First, no school reunions.
Wait.
"If I might direct your attention to Sir's latest project, Captain?"
“Liberty trusts you,” he blurts out, having nothing else to say, the fear mingling back with his earlier relief and wonder. “I don’t know how you got her to stop barking, but you did.”
, Tony, this isn't the time! And I am
But there is always the next mission, always HYDRA rearing its ugly head.
"Agent Wilson is flying over the desert. With Rhodes and Barnes on the field, I need you at headquarters," Peggy insists. "You're going to finish what we started before Howard Stark's crash."
“You built your robot, I wouldn't call that a waste.”
Tony draws some more circles into Steve's wrist. Then, almost in a sigh, Tony breathes out, “marry me.”
“What? I’ve seen his picture, and you’re not blind. I could get his number for you.”
, and he thinks he deserves a reward for fixing his fight with Steve. The one good thing to come out of his late night, and he’s happy that it’s this.
Torn between laughing and frowning, Steve decides on the former. It's easier to smile when Tony is around. "I'm gonna need you to make some armor," he takes the napkins gratefully.
, Tony understands that when Steve sets his mind to something, the man can be the most stubborn mule in the
Tony swallows, eyeing the corner of Steve’s smile, the clear playfulness there. “I’m warm enough here.”
did those breakthroughs cost us?”
Steve's cheeks turn an even brighter pink. “I, uh, look forward to it.”
Liberty licks Tony’s face.
Also, he’d like to clarify that he has no ill intentions.
Tony walks to his desk, flipping through some papers. “Normally, I’d ask to keep her for overnight observation. I don’t want to take her away from you, though.”
other than the aching emptiness.
Steve does his best not to sneak a glance at them.
Sunset often tries to peek at Tony’s work. Steve only crooks a judgemental brow and returns to his own art. It almost grows familiar, the silence of it, and Tony will reach Steve’s door only to find it unlocked.
“Are you going to stay here until I answer?”
The Captain’s brows furrow, and he retracts his hand awkwardly. “Pole dancing is an entirely valid exercise.”
"Because setting them on fire would be much more efficient - and fun - than returning them."
know all that," Tony chuckles, sniffing back the pang of longing which came with the surprise that Steve carried all those little things with him through everything.
Tony blinks. There was no reason for Steve to be nervous about
“Wait.”
“Paperwork’s not good for health,” Bruce repeats the argument he’s used a hundred times. “Besides, paperwork makes me angry.”
“You absolutely do, and I deserve a proper introduction to that man.”
He's never - he never wanted to make weapons, and yet, here he was, thinking of rockets that could power missiles. With a body as scrawny as Steve's, the only chance he would make it out through war was a miracle, or by having the bigger stick. It wasn't Steve's strength of resolve which sent Tony sick with worry - that had never been in question - but Tony had spent one too many visits to the nurse's office over the stutter of Steve's heart and the wheezing of his lungs.
Tony flashes him a smile, braver than Steve could ever be.
“With you, I want to do it right,” Tony ducks his head. “I just didn’t know how to ask. You know the team's been badgering me about you glaring at them almost every day?”
That couldn't possibly add up. Tony has met thousands of soldiers, has listened to Rhodey say that Tony was one of the people he loved coming home to, has learned from their stories that out in the foreign sands of war, there were memories you needed to hold on to so your hope could keep burning.
Why had Tony even agreed to come here?
“Like what?”
Sarah slots her hand over Tony's, the reinforced casing of the flashdrive pressing into their palms. "I'm taking it only to give you peace of mind. And if
also think he looks like an overgrown puppy.”
Bucky finds him in his room.
at Tony wrong, he could have an army of lawyers storming his Ma’s apartment.
"Are those - "
"We don't want this to escalate," Peggy warns. "If this was a sabotage, then who knows who else they're prepared to take out to keep their secrets at bay."
“My Ma used to make these puddings,” Steve picks up a pudding cup from the tray he’d brought in. “She gave them out to her patients at the hospital, and she was always happy that she’d helped make their day a little brighter. When the tuberculosis got to her, I made this pudding for her.”
“No. Tony, your father wouldn’t be happy to know that you’re wasting your time on the hippies. You’re young and impressionable. When you’re older, you’ll understand that this is how we’ve always done business, how we’ll always do it.”
This was a balancing act.
Steve breathes.
"But this - this HYDRA is growing impatient," Tony fills in the blanks, rolling his eyes when the song loops back once again.
"Howard's never been satisfied with what he has, but he has principles." Peggy smiles ruefully. "Sometimes, I don't agree with those principles. There are others, however, with fewer principles than him."
Inevitably, the winter holiday ends, and Tony rushes to finish the phone in the car as they pick Steve up from Brooklyn. It's lucky that he does, because after Sarah Rogers smothers Tony with warm tight hugs and hands them a fresh bag of cookies, Steve slips into the car with red ears and a drawing.
That makes Tony turn to him, coughing. "I didn't know you were in the area, Captain."
. I want to know how this many weapons went missing under your nose, Howard, and I want to know
Tony blinks. “I hate to say it, but I need you to explain.”
That particular point was a bit of a redundancy, because it was also listed as item four hundred and thirteen, as JARVIS so conveniently pointed out.
' felt like an extremely loaded question in their current exploration of how well they fit in this relationship, but Steve thinks he doesn't have to ask the question to know the answer: no.
When Steve makes a move to poke at his stitches, Tony bats his fingers away, grabbing at them when they resist.
Until he met Howard.
Another day, another new missile. Another leap into the future.
And what a universe they were in.
"Okay," Steve uncurls Tony's empty fist, thumb rubbing over the crescent moons on his palm left by his fingernails, "they'll be safe. I promise."
Still, when Steve pays the bill and takes Liberty back from the clerk, Kate jumps back as Liberty rebelliously barks loudly, pulling at the leash.
A second of hesitance, and then, "yes."
Tony runs a hand through his combed hair, sending Mr Jarvis' hard work on it down the drain. "Steve, if this recent wave protectiveness is over some sort of misplaced guilt, then you can stop it right now because nothing in this past year has been your fault. Not the Ritz, not this whatever it is going on with the company."
“As long as you’re not doing calisthenics. You make enough men jealous.”
"Don't you dare, punk," Bucky answers for her, but it's too late.
"Hi."
“Excuse me?” the firefighter asks.
“Steve has a greater chance of survival,” Tony takes refuge in the facts, hard and clean and easy. “Get the obstruction out and the pressure off his spine, and the serum will save him. I’m just a baseline person and the arc reactor damage – I know my numbers. I know you’ll do your best to save me.”
His lips twist up.
"Ah," Stane says, "I'm sure the good Captain has a vested interest in keeping Tony safe, but we're handling this strictly in-house."
Not yet. But some things were worth waiting for.
His hand squeezes around Steve’s again.
that?”
"Don't let this be your fight," Peggy holds onto him tighter. "You keep yourself
Another doctor comes over, drawing the curtains around Mrs. Carter’s bed closed. “I can take over, Sam.” This must be Doctor Lang. “Tony’s waiting for you in the OR.”
Sighing, Steve ruffles Liberty’s fur, laughing a bit when she licks his hand, tail wagging happily as she drops down, putting all her weight on top of Steve’s feet.
The fridge closes with a loud bang. “Was the lovely Jane not present?”
Alright, then. If his bots are being rebellious, he can make his own coffee on his own damn machine. He braces himself on a table as he stands, wincing as his back flares in protest at the movement. Rolling his shoulders doesn’t help much. It only makes the base of his neck ache as much as his head.
Most of it is simple: all of Tony's shares and assets in the company goes to Pepper. All of his patents and machinery to Rhodey. His properties go to Peggy to be turned into assets for charity, and -
Rhodey laughs, taking Tony's hand to stop him from picking at the medical tape keeping the IV needle in place. "I don't envy what Pepper's going to do to you when you get back."
Besides, slipping through the hallways after curfew to get to Steve’s room is child’s play compared to sneaking into Howard’s workshop. Picking the lock is a little trickier, but nothing that can stop Tony, especially when he’s descended on a warpath for answers.
But he looks down at his own hands and he feels unmoored, lost.
come over?"
"Agent Romanoff might've practiced her lockpicking skills on the Stark Garage here."
Pepper purses her lips. "Is this moping because of Steve Rogers?"
“Obie, this will change the world,” he tries again, because surely Obie would understand. “This could save lives, not end them.”
, he types out a quick reply,
"Or I could try sending you another letter."
"Couldn't let you have all the fun in here alone," Steve teases. He'd like to say '
The serum could have saved so many others. It saved Steve instead - another burden that he has to carry, all the hearts and dreams of everyone who could've been him.
“Any day you’re alive is special enough for me, and I am
Steve barks a laugh. Heading to the kitchen, he rummages through the fridge to get her favorite lime juice, pouring two glasses of it. "I don't know if I can be her Captain either."
He texts Sam a ‘
Tony takes a long sip of coffee, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, uncaring of all the etiquette classes they used to have. "And what happened to
Or as properly as he could while helping Kamala out of the truck and onto the hospital floor. Her arms had extensive second-degree burns. It was plain coincidence that she lived in the building Steve's unit had been dispatched to, and when she had insisted on coming to the hospital with the firetruck, Steve was secretly pleased because that meant he wouldn't have to worry too much about her.
, that incessant beeping that sounds like an alarm clock gone mad –
"I never told her - " Tony hears his own voice break, "I never told her I forgave her."
Steve Rogers? Captain America?"
“Then all that’s left is this,” Stark hands over a couple of the dog biscuits to Steve. “I don’t want to have my fingers bitten off.”
Tony flails, pushing himself off Steve's chest to stare at him, eyes blown impossibly wide. “Are you — you're seriously — this isn't — ”
“You met her?”
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have shouted," Steve says in a more level tone, "but the man I fell in love with would never have signed that contract.”
His sluggishly sleepy mind scrambles to come up with a quick strategy to approach Steve. Neutral enough to not incite a new argument, but careful enough to not sound unapologetic. No.
Still, he's pretty sure he isn't supposed to be checking out his best-friend-slash-bodyguard-slash-national-icon while he's trapped in a building that might fall over them soon. There are bigger concerns. For example, "I think you should be more afraid of what Peggy would do to you."
These days, Tony is better at recognising the people who matter.
, after this, he'll let himself think about a life to build.
Tony chuckles, meeting Natasha’s gaze fondly. “I recommend that you leave Clint to suffer alone,” he winks at Kamala, and receives loud, muffled curses from Clint, followed by the sound of clattering plastic.
"Does that mean I
"Only for heroes like you," and,
He expects an adult to greet Tony, but is sorely mistaken.
“Carol.
I be afraid?" Steve blinks.
“Hi – ”
. She saved Tony's life, you know? My Abu says a hero isn't who you are, it's what you
The summer, however, brings change. Howard is a whirlwind of chaos beside Maria's thin-lipped silence and Obie's jittery uneasiness. The military was shifting, the public opinion shifted here and there until the company's stocks took a hit. Howard wants
"Does America know their Captain has a foul mind?"
"Tony, you're running yourself ragged," Steve pleads for what must be the thousandth time. "You need to rest."
"Are you asking me for
“That,” Tony laughs, light, “is a very bad way of flirting.”
- robot's ass. Tony is right: when hacking doesn't work, some old-fashioned punches might do better.
“This
A thought comes to mind, guilt and fear mixing. They hadn't been enough. They failed a hundred times over, from the Ritz to this.
Their anniversary was supposed to be four days ago. Until that became the day that Tony had to sign himself in as CEO, and he had kept the ring locked in its vault, because while he once was sure he could be happy with Steve, he doesn't know if Steve would be happy with him.
“I’m not miserable.”
The office door swings open, and a harried-looking vet takes the clipboard from Miss Potts. His eyes immediately land on Liberty, who is sticking close to Steve’s leg and is growling low at the man.
He shoves a fist in his mouth to stop himself from waking Tony up.
This was what Tony was doing to a perfectly good man. To a supersoldier who wasn't supposed to be exhausted.
"Steve could never be jealous of you, you know that." Sarah settles on the couch, next to him, pressing a warm mug of milk into Tony's hands. "Why did you
“Where’s our very own Miss Marvel?” Tony does a cursory sweep of the almost empty bar as he wraps his hand gratefully around the warm cup. “Has her summer break ended?”
“I’ll take that as a yes.”
“Yes,” he breathes out, the relief crashing into him. It must be the adrenaline finally ebbing out too – he feels suddenly tired.
, Tony should have married the man, shouldn’t have waited so long just to bring up the courage to make a ring.
Tony squints at him. “Is this your way of letting me down easily, or is this what Tasha meant when she said you’re too polite?”
"Peggy - "
After all his brushes with Doctor Stark on the curb, it feels wrong to leave.
“How’s the art going?” Sam says as he pays for two warm cups of coffee at the food truck.
Huh. So maybe Steve isn’t as upset with him as he’d feared. Braving to move an inch closer on the couch, Tony carefully eyes the way Steve holds the book. Still relaxed. Good.
Obie shakes his head, pushing himself from the table and towards Tony. He hooks a hand over Tony's shoulder, pressing down on it. “I know you used to be close with the Captain."
Of course, Steve wasn't foolish enough to believe that the people in SHIELD didn't have agendas of their own. Still, he'd trusted all the founders of the organisation.
. He closes his eyes, cheeks grower even warmer with embarrassment. Has he always been this rusty at talking with new people?
“How about friends?” Tony bargains. “I don't mind having Rogers as a friend.”
And yet, some days, when he sees Steve kissing another woman with all the gentleness that used to belong to Tony, the regret cloys thick in his lungs again, sending him reeling with all the weight of promises broken.
An explosion rocks the ground beneath them. “Seriously,
They’re so heavy, and his head is floating, and –
and no one's noticed."
"How many of these do you have to go to each year?" Steve adjusts his tie, snagging a tall glass of champagne from a passing waiter.
When Tony kisses Steve, his smile is wide and unrestrained. Free and whole and threatening to swallow Steve in its sweetness.
“Miss Khan was telling me about your latest research,” Steve explains quickly, “about saving people's hearts.” His gaze falls to the stethoscope around Stark’s neck because he doesn’t think he can survive looking into the brightness of Stark’s amusement for much longer. “And you
“I don’t want to make weapons," Tony tilts his chin up, trying to figure out how Steve summoned his reckless courage. "That isn’t – we can do more. End the war for fuel. Make it cheap for anyone to make anything.”
,” Tony sternly says for what must be the hundredth time. “If Steve’s gift breaks, I’m turning your motherboard into a ping pong ball.”
“I have an idea for a cleaner source of energy,” Tony confides to Obie one afternoon. He has other ideas, too: medical technology, crop farming, space exploration.
"What do you mean?"
Liberty makes a whimper, and
"No. I wouldn't put it past him to still be planning my demise, though." Steve waves at the empty spot next to Tony, as if asking for permission.
"You did," Steve replies quietly. "And no one is asking you to move to LA."
“For what it’s worth,” her fondness is clear in her words, “Tony’s an old friend. He’s almost as hopeless as you but he deserves someone good. We didn’t plan on you bumping into you this often – we wanted to invite him over for Christmas dinner.”
He trusts Pepper.
"Ste - Rogers. I can't - I need water if I'm seeing mirages," Tony's hand grips Rhodey's shoulder tighter.
Tony’s hand stills around the pen. “It sucks when people don’t understand you.”
friendly to Kamala.
"It is when it's with you." A pause, the thuds of Steve's heart coming a tiny bit faster in his ear. "Tony, you helped launch the Hubble. You figured out
Tony nods. “Really. Let’s save a life, today.”
When Steve had promised that Tony could be anything he wanted.
"Not you."
“At least I know you’re not a creepy stalker,” Stark casts another disbelieving look at him.
Tony gapes at her. "I - "
Steve steps towards his table, settling in on the chair that's now far too small for his bulky frame. In a way, it's adorable.
, that’s wonderful.
"We need to tighten security around the Mansion and the Malibu construction site," Steve immediately comes up with contingencies.
Tony fixes the collar of his coat, offering a young girl some stickers for her bravery with the needle. This was good work. He doesn’t need distractions. He doesn’t –
"Is this a guilt thing - or a near death thing - or a pity thing?" he rests his head on Steve's lap again, because
“We’re getting you to the vet,” Steve promises Liberty, “don’t scare me like that.”
That’s good.
"But it
“There's no harm in admitting pain,” Tony holds onto Steve's wrist. Even there, Tony can feel the hard muscle from what must be years of training.
changed is Tony poking his bedhead in an entire hour early.
He shouldn’t say it, and yet – it’s moments like these when he finds himself adoring Tony the most, even as it takes almost all his restraint not to chide Tony about keeping better care for himself. There isn’t much in him that can stay angry when Tony slowly inches his way to him, clearly in need of a hug but too stubborn to ask for one, or maybe too scalded by their argument. Steve suppresses a sigh. He’d give Tony a hug in a heartbeat if Tony simply
From this near, he can practically feel the buzz of Steve’s disapproval. “You’ve had more than enough cups in the past twenty four hours.”
Pepper sighs tiredly. "Are you sure?"
“It was a good team effort,” Steve raises his beer bottle, and
“Ah, but I feel I know Tony well from Steve’s letters home, too. You
Tony unfolds the screwdriver from the pocket knife, one hand wrapping around Carrie's trembling fingers as his other carefully dismantles the casing, wary of the stray duct tape. "You know, when all this is over," he begins lightly, switching the screwdriver into a mini wirecutter, "you should call Pepper."
His second is more accusing:
It was wrong to romanticise the man's suffering, but Steve turns to the man he loves, to the friend he has always adored and the person who had understood him when he needed it most: as a skinny young kid thrust into a school of children who felt heartless. There was an irony to how they both ended up right here, beneath this painting of a man who passed over a century ago because of wars with himself.
"You're not real," Tony tells Steve through gritted teeth, eyes flashing wild. "You're not real. Steve wouldn't be here, so whatever the
“And Carol is
Regardless, Steve insisted on coming along, escorting Tony through the orphanage's bright red door. After some more back and forths, Steve was finally allowed to enter Tony's latest bulletproof town car for a short ride to one of the orphanages Tony doted on.
"You're the one who snuck into my room all those years ago," Steve reminds him, leaving Tony to splutter as he rinses his hand and settles back into the couch he had claimed for sketching. Flipping his sketchbook open to his latest half-finished drawing of Tony, he starts a small rendition of Tony eating burgers.
No one had been quite too happy about it when Obie had stumbled over the documents.
“Tony?”
There are photoframes all around him. Paintings and sketches put behind glass – all under Tony's insistence that Steve's artwork should be treasured.
The amusement falls off Tony's face. Rubbing his palm over his eyes, he does his best to stick to his smile, now hollow and tired. "What does it say about me that two of my longest friends have fought in a war?" he scoffs at himself. "And worse, that I build their weapons for them?"
Over the rushing of the tap’s water, he turns to Sam. “Is there anything wrong with my hands?”
He doesn’t know why he’s telling Tony – maybe this most recent failure hit harder than he thought. Steve only knows that he expects Tony to react somehow. A soldier swinging both ways isn’t the most common thing. Stack it up with PTSD and a very protective service dog – the odds aren’t really in Steve’s favor.
"What? No." Tipping the rest of the blueberries into his mouth, he tosses the packet aside. "I'm done eating. We can do it now."
, the first card reads.
He's made too many mistakes, and he doesn't want Tony to be one of them.
"I wasn't unhappy," he defends himself, but the lie rings hollow in his ears, distracting him enough to bump against unfortunate guests.
But Tony, younger than even him, was the star of the school. Everyone flocked to the richest heir, even if Tony seemed to be content to stick with Tiberius Stone and Sunset Bain, uninterested in anyone else’s approaches.
"We don't know if your father's accident was an honest accident, or a message of their brazenness, of their growing power."
“Uh,” Tony frowns, “I wanted to do it on our anniversary next month.”
The reply is even, ambivalent. Not too harsh, not too enthusiastic either. Tony decides he might try his luck, and he sits down on the other edge of the couch.
When Steve lifts up the last spoonful, Tony shakes his head, wrapping a hand around Steve’s wrist and feeding it to Steve. He catches the way Steve’s lips twitch up into a half-laugh, but he doesn’t get long to admire it because suddenly Steve’s lips are suddenly on Tony’s, impossibly soft and caring and warm.
