Before the move, Sam showed Cas how to use his phone again— he remembered the texting and emoticons, but blanked on everything else the little bit of electronics could manage. Sam set up a music account, and with a smile told him that Dean loves music from the ‘70s. Castiel remembers that.
“Yeah, Ray, this is Dean —and Cas, was it? They’re just in town on a brief break from a road trip. They’re not from Schitt’s Creek.” Bob says that matter-of-factly and goes back to his papers, like hearing about a dead body doesn’t matter one bit to him.
“Listen! We really need to figure out what’s happening in this town. Two deaths in a week and both of them not from around here is a little weird. We should meet.”
Dean, more than once over the years made it sound like, on a sliding scale of pleasure, bubble baths were one step below blowjobs and booze. He has nothing to say about the former, but his experience with alcohol was quite pleasant at times.
They kiss again, their bodies aligned, no space between them. While one of Cas’s hands continues to card through Dean’s hair, the other moves from Dean’s shoulder to cradle his face. His fingers trace the tears. He pulls away from Dean again and looks him in the eyes. Not blinking, he shifts his focus to his hand, fingers still damp. He licks his lips. Dean can’t help himself, and licks his own lips, mirroring Cas. He can’t help but want to dive back in, get lost in the moment and forget it all.
“Cas, buddy, listen to me. We’ve got to figure out what happened tonight. Did you eat anything? Did you take anything from someone? Who all did you talk to? How much wine did you drink?”
Cas slowly runs his hand over Dean’s lower back, and lower, grabbing his ass. Dean’s naked, they're both naked, and Dean starts to wake a bit more.
Dean watches Cas squint a bit and tilt his head, as he so often does when puzzling out something all-too-human. As he watches Cas’s lips move while silently reading the newspaper’s name, Dean’s angry resolve crumbles a tiny bit more.
“Maybe that’s what the poison does. If we can go off what happened with Cas — it makes someone feel drunk or out of it or they go back to their motel room to rest, or to their car, and die. Having done its job the poison wears off, disappears. It couldn’t kill Cas so it just wore off on him. Cas, who gave you the wine in the first place?”
“So, what, Cas and me are just two dudes going on vacation together? To the honeymoon capital?” Dean swallows thickly, thoughts of sharing a motel room with Cas flooding back.
Tensions are running a bit high between the two of them at the moment. They’ve been driving most of the night after a botched wraith hunt in Reno. Okay, not botched, but not perfect. They took care of things —they always do— but Dean would have preferred Sam there as well. It’s not that Cas isn’t good at the job. Quite the opposite, really. It’s just that Dean doesn’t have to constantly worry with someone else on the hunt. Or that’s the story he tells himself after watching Cas walk around the map table, sporting a bruised right cheek, split lip, and scuffed trench coat. Dean clamps down the anger and worry boiling in his gut, and dismisses the fleeting impulse to lightly graze his thumb over Cas’s split lip. Things were already tense when Cas agreed to go with Dean on this case. Sam would have eased that situation had he gone. Dean watches Cas’s jaw clench and realizes that if Sam was here now, he would ease the tension of this awkward homecoming, as well.
“We’re on Earth about 375 million years from your time. I would come here to escape Heaven at times, watch the Earth form and change. Even during this era, I was fascinated with the world.” Cas starts to walk away from Dean, heading closer to the lake edge, his feet making a sucking noise with every step.
Dean licks his lips and nods, continuing to rub Cas’s back, slipping his hand lower inside his jeans briefly.
“Uh, it’s in upstate New York, close to the Canadian border. So, you know, lots of tourists, although all the people who died that fit the pattern had been traveling alone. The newspapers had quite the morbid sense of humor, writing a column on occasion. I would love to see how things progressed after the 1950s, but there aren’t any articles online. I only had death records to go by, without the local anecdotal notes.”
“Then be newlyweds, Dean. if you believe the brother road trip schtick too unbelievable. Cas, you willing to pretend to be married to Dean for a couple of days?”
“Yeah, like anyone would believe we’re brothers.” Dean tells himself to shut up and then looks back at Cas in the rear view mirror. Cas has a look of steely defiance.
In a blink, Dean finds himself the one against the wall. Cas moves into his space, kissing him. It’s searing, passionate, and Dean can’t help himself. He whimpers a tiny bit and opens his mouth, kissing Cas back.
Just as Dean leaves his room to head for the kitchen, he hears noises further down in the bunker. More than likely, Cas has found Sam in the basement research room. Dean doesn’t want to see Cas right now, but he does want to see his brother and find out what he’s been up to while they were gone. He had stayed behind because all three of them didn’t need to be there for such a simple hunt. The hunter network was relying on the bunker lore more as well. Sam thought it best to stay behind when a group of hunters called needing more help than he had in his brain.
“Sure. What’s this all about? You have a friend that was kidnapped? And you’ve all been researching the Schitt family? I hope this has nothing to do with the coven of witches that are supposedly active now that Jocelyn is pregnant again.” She says this kind of dreamily like it isn’t the massive bombshell that it is.
Dean pulls away from Cas. His eyes are closed and his breath short. He clutches Cas’s coat a fraction harder and shakes him, more in a frustrated plea than in anger. He lets his hands fall and opens his eyes then. Cas is staring at him, his face inscrutable.
Dean then sits back and looks around at their surroundings. He sees a large tree behind them. They need to get to higher ground. They’re vulnerable out in the open grass. Dean has no clue what this new world’s dangers are, and finding a new home and space to get their bearings is his top priority for them.
Neil Diamond is singing a particular favorite of Cas’s. Listening to the lyrics, Cas loves to imagine their currently non-functioning fireplace alive with flame and warmth, and the two of them laying down next to it, talking and loving. He flushes and moves to turn the music down.
It turns out that Schitt’s Creek is small enough to walk everywhere. The motel is about five blocks away from the downtown —well, if one could call it that. They find the Cafe Tropical that Johnny mentioned, Bob’s Garage, and Rose Apothecary at kind of a three-way crossroads.
And before the aching awkwardness can seep in, Dean answers, “We saved each other. Now what do I have to do to get some coffee around here?”
Dean does know. Dean knows there’s no better feeling sometimes than being in Baby on the open road. He also really likes his home, and knows that Cas thinks of the bunker as home now, too. He’ll be back once he works his wanderlust out of his system. His trips always seem to grow shorter and shorter every time.
Johnny looks to Cas and back at Dean. He then looks over at Moira. She kisses his cheek. He responds with, “Hello, Dear.”
He squeezes Dean’s hand and they stare at each other a bit. They aren’t done figuring things out, not by a long shot, but Dean is willing to set aside his worry for a bit, and Cas, hopefully, feels more like he’s part of the team. Dean releases his hand from Cas and brings it up to briefly cup Cas’s jaw, slightly grazing the perpetual peach fuzz. It’s good for the show they’re putting on, after all. A smaller feeling pulsing just under his ribcage thinks there’s more to it than just show, but he tamps down that thought.
Cas senses earnestness in Dean’s words, but isn’t sure. If they were on better terms, he’d suggest Dean join him, but Dean’s always been modest, and would probably chastise him for the dumb idea.
Dean pulls Cas around so they’re facing each other again. He gets close, closer than normal. Well, their personal space is
He gets no chance to allow his thoughts to drift further. A sound in the hallways forces his eyes open. Someone else is in the bunker.
“I fail to see the humor in what appears to be a small town missive of inconsequential happenings. Unless, of course, that is the humor. I don’t think we should be laughing at the minutiae of small towns. Lebanon itself is quite small.”
He thinks about taking his drink back to his room but decides to sit at one of the library tables instead. It feels lonelier in the bunker than usual. He stares at his drink.
“I..I just need a quick break from the bunker life.” His eyes look down and he dots his fingers across Dean’s palm, threading their hands together. “I get restless, you know.”
“Alexis, this is Sam.” She points at Sam and then looks over at Dean, confused. “And I don’t know you.”
He finally manages to sit up, still bleary eyed, but awake enough to manage thinking about the walk to the kitchen, and coffee. There’s a knock at his door before he can place his feet on the ground.
Dean huffs and decides to give Cas this one. They’ve got a lot to do in the next couple of days. Dean turns forward again, glancing at Sam who’s staring stone-faced at the road ahead of him.
Cas sets the book down at Dean’s touch and turns to him. Dean wants to ask about the weariness behind Cas’s eyes, but well, same shit, different day and all that, he guesses.
Dean and Sam head outside to wait for Twyla. They’re barely out the door before Sam bursts out with surprise, “Dude, you had a chance there, why didn’t you go for it?”
The group starts moving in different directions and Dean sees a glint of something to his right. Gwen moves quickly and is on Cas before Dean has time to react. Thankfully Sam sees her move and runs to tackle her before she’s able to stab Cas. They fall to the floor and the silver knife she held clatters to the floor beside the table.
“Twyla, we’re Sam and Dean Winchester. We hunt monsters and demons —and the occasional witch. This little town coven that pops up every generation isn’t as innocent as you may think. Outsiders and tourists are dying. Two so far in the past week. More will come until this baby is born if the pattern of past deaths stay true.”
“Hmm, maybe.” Cas continues to ponder the bag, like there’s more he’s thinking about, but he says nothing.
Barely looking up, Sam responds, “hmm, this stuff over here wasn’t. I found a bunch of unorganized papers, and I wanted to take a look.” His voice trails off at the end, clearly absorbed in what he’s reading.
“Vivien…Vi…Vivien Bl..Blake. You’re, uh, Vivien Blake.” Dean kicks himself almost instantly after saying it, but what’s done is done. He feels everyone looking at him, even Cas, and his cheeks burn. Moira Rose. It’s Moira Rose. If Johnny Rose fed his pop culture obsession in his youth, Moira Rose fed his daily need for human drama. Sunrise Bay, the soap opera that Moira starred in for many years, was hands-down his secret and guilty pleasure. Anytime Sam was taking a nap and John was thoroughly gone from the motel, he watched, enthralled with the drama — and the slapping.
“Hm, I was thinking about that. I am an angel, and spells affect me differently. They often are more rapid-acting and manifest differently as well. I had two glasses of wine —one meant for you and one meant for me. We’ll never know but what if this would have worked much slower on you —allowing you to go back to your hotel room —or be on the road out of Schitt’s Creek —killing you hours after the fact?”
Cas stumbles a bit and Dean pulls him closer, using all his strength to propel them forward. Who knew a dude with wings could be so heavy? The streets are empty and dark, with only the occasional street light to guide their way. They were just a couple blocks from the motel now.
“Cas, wait. Please.” Dean pulls his hand back suddenly, and huffs, his eyes flitting over Cas’s torso before darting back up to meet Cas’s eyes. “How are you able to keep going with all this?”
Dean found a job as a mechanic for classic cars. He tells Cas that maybe he’s not a rock star, but it’s honest work. With his salary, they can afford the little two-story fixer-upper with oak trees in the front yard, and a grill on the back deck. Cas, still adapting to the basics of being human, again, stays home and learns the basics of home repair. Repairing cracked plaster and broken floorboards is soothing and oftentimes he feels that, with every brushstroke of paint on the wall, his new life falls a little more into place.
, he also reminds himself. He tempers his anger, but anxiety still swirls through his mind as Sam and Twyla get in the Impala.
Dean reads through the texts before listening to his voicemail. Sam left five texts and three voicemails.
His sleep is troubled. He dreams of sad, blue eyes and black chaos. He dreams of empty silence and nebulous wishes just out of reach. He wakes tired, eyes sandy and mouth dry. He lays in bed awake for an eternity, an arm draped across his face. He breaths. He’s free, but what now? Sam’s promise is unattainable. A normal life feels like a hopeless dream.
“You should call him. Let him know we are alright.” He pauses, and adds, “More than alright. I will gather our things.”
“Twyla, this is Rowena, she’s a witch and a friend. Rowena, this is Twyla, she knows more about this town and its coven than I originally thought. She’s here to help.” He then looks expectantly over at the waitress. “You up for this?”
Cas watches Dean. He sees the slight hitch in his breath. His gaze lingers, and his eyes dart to Cas’s lips.
Cas bows his head a fraction and walks fully into the room. He takes off his coat and lays it on the table before easing up next to Dean.
Dean takes his phone back from Sam and looks at the photo. In it Dean is smiling brightly, with his arm around Cas. Cas is standing straight ahead, but his head is turned looking at Dean with a look of confusion and gentle exasperation. Dean’s heart flutters a little just looking at it.
“I… I didn’t bring anything, Dean. I’m wearing what I always wear. My grace keeps things clean without need of changing.”
Jimmy walks outside and down the stairs of his front porch. He stands on his front walk and looks upwards. He starts talking to himself.
Dean wants to revel in the sheer expanse of the cosmos but he surmises that there are just some thoughtful, dawdling conversations to save for when he’s around his brother. Nevertheless, he’s not going to let this evening pass without a little pointless contemplation.
“And that’s the beauty of the cover —they don’t know and we have the upper hand for now. Listen, whatever we’re dealing with goes way back —back to Salem or further and it’s been working its power here for a very long time --probably since the town was founded-- if the papers have any say in the matter. I see why the Men of Letters had the papers now. I’m heading out. So, uh, contact Rowena and grab a bite to eat, and I guess, uh, will keep checking out the town?”
“This was on the vic. I think we’re dealing with not just a single witch, but a coven. I stopped by the cafe before heading here and the waitress had a lot to say about the town and its history. A lot of it was-” Sam scoffs, pushes his hair back, and continues, “it was crazy family stories, but she started talking about a second cousin who ran an Army surplus store and they were briefly married to a distant cousin of the current mayor —Roland Schitt. Then —then another woman came up to the counter and started going on and on about ‘Rollie’ and his family history, dating back to Salem.”
Dean feels his cheeks flush from the memory. He made that thing after Cas nearly died from Michael’s lance, from their battle with Ramiel. After Cas told him he loved him the first time —when he couldn’t say a word or even look at him in return. He knew what those words meant back then, and he couldn’t acknowledge them. So, he made the tape for Cas. He thought that maybe when Cas traveled, when he was gone —he was always gone—that maybe he’d like to listen to something that reminded him of Dean. He thought that by giving a part of himself to Cas, he might make it clear that things were reciprocated.
“Well, the coven was last active when Mutt was born in 1991, I want to say. They don’t really do anything. It’s just, we know they’re around because another generation of the Schitt family is about to be born.” Twyla continues to say these groundbreaking things like they’re just part of a regular day.
Grinning slightly, Dean looks to the fruit on the counter, and points. “Apple.” He hesitates, and adds, “If you want to start peeling, I was gonna mix the crust together.”
“Okay, smarty-parts spaceman. If space is a vacuum, why are there explosions and sound in Star Wars?” Asking stupid, well discussed pop-culture questions isn’t really Dean’s intent either, but he doesn’t want the moment to pass, afraid this harmonious, satiating bubble will burst, will leave them with nothing ahead of them but the drudgery of a long drive home.
Dean’s mind races from point to point but he stops himself to wonder why he’s actively trying to think of ways to convince a town that he’s married to Cas —a town that just seems to accept that they are — a town that could care less if they are or aren’t. It’s not part of the case, and yet Dean keeps thinking about their cover, and not how they’re going to track down the witch.
Twyla runs up to Sam while all of this is happening and points to the open book in her hand. The Schitt family history. Dean watches Sam read what she points to and grabs the book from her. Twyla retreats again and Sam makes his way to Rowena. The entity, clearly forming to be a woman — Leabharcham, or whatever this warped new world version existing in the wilds of upstate New York is—blasts Rowena back. Sam makes his way to her, helping her up again and showing her the book. Dean pulls the other witches back, leaving Gwen still tied to the table, still in danger with what’s happening before their eyes. Cas sees this and runs towards her —towards the danger. Dean can’t believe it! Cas frees her though and safely pulls her back with the others.
“For what it’s worth, Dean, you look surprisingly well for the amount of hours we’ve been traveling. If you’d like, I can certainly assist your cleanup process if you’re hoping to explore the town and start working the case.”
On the phone, Sam continues. “First, Cas isn’t that weird anymore. And second, not all small towns are out to shun new people —or what I think you’re really implying —gay couples, Dean. And honestly, I’d love for this to be a Hot Fuzz development deal gone bust and see you shoot your gun in the air à la Keanu Reeves, but out of town people are the ones dying, not locals. You think the Rose family is taking out the town one lonely person at a time?”
Dean has a surreal sense of being home and wonders for a half-second if his last pleas towards Cas worked. They are in the bunker. They are not home though, Dean discerns almost immediately.
Dean leans his forehead against Cas’s instead. They stay like that for a beat, just breathing in each other’s space.
Dean takes the water back from Cas and swallows thickly —his eyes sting slightly. Why would Cas think he’s a burden? Dean needs Cas. If anyone’s the burden, it’s Dean.
He takes his off shoes first and then stares at him a bit before rationalizing that his nice new sweater should come off as well. He’d hate for it to get ruined. Cas was so proud of it, and he does look really nice in it.
A giddy joy overwhelms Dean and he hugs Cas suddenly. He pulls him in as tight as he can, his fingers clawing through the soft undercoat of fur. He runs his paws through it, reassuring himself that this isn’t a dream.
“Right. Okay, let’s do this then. I’ll head in to the office to book our room. You maybe stay here and gather our stuff. I’ll be right back.”
Cas breaks the kiss and Dean works his hand under his trench and suit coats, finding the small of his back. He pulls him in again, feeling the taunt muscles, firm form, and solidness pressed fully against him.
Dean heads to the bathroom, new toiletries in hand, and makes quick work of a real shower this time. He dresses and spikes his hair just right —no sense in looking messy for their date —wait, do married people date? —why did he think this was a date? He shakes his head and looks at himself in the motel mirror, dismissing his train of thought. Cas is his best friend and they’re working a case. This whole fake-marriage thing is just messing with his brain. He can’t help but admire how honest and open David and Patrick were in their store though. What a world they live in —certainly not a world Dean knows.
Cas had walked away from Dean and is now near the kitchenette. He turns and leans against the counter.
Dean heads to the bathroom and does the quickest water and motel soap clean up he can. He comes back out to the room and finds Cas talking to a dark haired woman holding towels. The bed has been stripped and the mattress is half off the bed frame. Clearly Cas started taking matters into his own capable hands before Dean could help.
Dean looks sideways and stares at Cas. He feels like Cas is pushing him a little and whatever Cas is getting at, it gives Dean an uncomfortable lump in his throat. He's not ready to face this. He's not ready to be fake-married to his best friend, and he just wants to get this whole thing over with so he can go back to sleeping while binge watching Game of Thrones. He hears season eight is particularly important to sleep through.
Dean stares at the pie ingredients in front of him. It’s been a while —a long while —since he’s baked anything. He isn’t sure what made him think baking a pie was a good idea. That’s not true though. Sure, he wanted a temporary escape from Cas’s disdainful looks while making a run for supplies, but really, it was watching his brother and Eileen the other day that ultimately sent him reeling. Sam was feeling the weight of their losses as much as Dean —if not more, and Dean briefly thinks of Rowena. Sam got a win with Eileen though. He seems happy in his own doofy way, and Dean knows that’s no small thing.
“And in the legend, Leabharcham protects Deidre even when she runs away, men die and then Deidre dies,” Rowena adds.
He wanders back to Cas as Patrick hands him his purchases. He can’t hear their entire conversation but hears Cas say, “Thank you, Patrick. We will certainly make every effort to come tonight.”
“I think you would describe this as the Groundhog Day of regrets maybe,” Cas responds. “We’re in my memories, but we’re only watching my worst memories over and over again.”
There are other things he can’t remember though. His memories were swiss-cheesed when he was rescued. The chaos of the portal, the wind, and the noise all swirl in his memories with half-remembered movie plots and the weight of metal in his hand and duty in his heart.
"Hey, hey, slow down. What do you mean?" Dean can feel his anger rising, and swallows to calm himself. He tastes the bitter sting of whiskey, still fresh in his mouth. Cas can't walk out again. He didn't even try to find Dean before deciding to take off on this new mission. "You're not going anywhere until we talk about this."
“I’m pretty sure that’s not true, dude. You’re right here.” Feeling bold, he snakes his leg between Cas’s and continues, “I can tell because you take up a fair chunk of this tiny bed.” He smirks.
At around 11 in the morning, they finally enter the outskirts of Schitt’s Creek, New York. Sam is still driving, and while Dean was resting earlier, he is awake enough now to see the sign on the edge of town.
He turns, their faces so close that Cas is mostly shadow and sharp angles, and Dean wants to kiss him and melt into him until the stars explode around them and a black hole consumes the world.
Eventually, Cas pulls away, wiping his now kiss-swollen lips with his thumb. He takes a half-step back to look Dean properly. Dean wants to tame his mussed hair, straighten his crooked collar, but stares at him instead, catching his breath.
“Mmmmhhh, Dean,” Cas wakes, and mutters while he stretches up against Dean’s length. He wraps his arm around him tighter. “What are you doing up first? I thought I wore you out last night.”
“Y’know I wasn’t all that happy here, right? I was trying, but I…missed you, too.” Dean should say more, but doesn’t. He blinks, and Crowley is standing next to Cas.
Dean blinks hard, and presses his thumb and forefinger into his eyelids. He clears his throat and moves to stand up. Sam and Eileen set their stuff down in the library.
“I don’t know, Dean. I think he’s a powerful nephilim with a compromised soul. He’s a child and has a lot to learn about this world.” He pauses, squinting a bit and looking directly at Dean. “That’s why he has us though --why he has you. You don’t give up. And making sure this kid, as you say, grows up right? I have complete faith in you, Dean Winchester.”
“We work cases together all the time. Just three short days ago, you were ready to leave me behind in Reno because I was helping you with a case a little too much.”
“I know you want a distraction from what I’m telling you, Dean. But we’ve got this. Whatever comes our way with Jack, we can handle it, together.”
It’s a chilly night though, and his grace, fading to near non-existence after healing the boy, can’t keep the cold from seeping through his many layers. He rubs his aching hands together, closing his eyes in a brief act of gathering his strength. Eventually, he exits the truck, slamming the door behind him, and heads for the bunker.
Cas runs his hands up Dean’s back and then down to his hips, holding him steady while he thrusts up, the friction sending sparks up Dean’s spine. Dean kisses Cas again as he reaches between them, drawing them together. He forms a tight circle around their cocks and moves his hand up and down. There’s slight mewling noise from Cas.
Cas’s fingers start to lightly dance across Dean’s shirt. Dean feels the tiny beats and looks down to watch Cas tug at the edge, his hand sliding under it. He feels Cas’s hand move. It’s warm on his skin and the swirling motion on his lower back tempers the chaotic energy of his mind a fraction.
“Sam, what happened with you and Rowena while we were gone last week? You didn’t want to talk about it earlier and now you’re not calling her?”
“What? Cas. We need to get out of here.” Dean pauses and realizes what Cas is telling him. He feels vertigo, but the earth doesn’t shift under him like before. “Are you telling me that you’re just reliving your worst memories over and over again —-for eternity?”
“You made it back! Oh my god! I can’t believe it.” Sam sweeps his hair back from his face and continues to stare in awe at Cas and his brother.
“Oh, you would not believe what I overheard Roland talking about just a couple of minutes ago. A man has been found dead off of Route 13!” The man giggles then. Bob chuckles in return.
And Dean listens to the three of them explain the plan. Jack makes it clear that it’s a risky endeavor. He cannot rescue them. He cannot guarantee that the Empty is stable for humans without the necessary angel grace to enter. It is an infinite, hollow wasteland. Finding Cas might be impossible. The more Jack speaks of the hindrances and the impossibility of it all, the more hope Dean feels. They can do this. They’ve done crazy before. Even if Chuck was guiding the gun to the mark, he wasn’t pulling the trigger. They can make these choices now, fully. He wants to save Cas. His stomach twists just thinking about it.
“Are you saying these are ceremonial deaths?” Cas interjected. “Does this most recent death fit the pattern?”
Dean recognizes Bob from the garage, currently on the stage. His rendition of Howl is like nails on a chalkboard, but people seem to still be enjoying themselves. Must be the booze, Dean thinks. He also sees quite a few other people from town that he knows.
“Ray, Jocelyn is having an ultrasound today? Do you know if she’s going to learn the baby’s gender? They’re really tempting fate with that endeavor. And what did Roland say about what happened with the death?”
“Mmmhhn, nothing. What are you doing?” Cas kneads Dean’s ass and slides his hand up to his lower back again.
Dean gets out of the car to take a closer look and Cas follows suit. Walking around the front of the other vehicle Dean realizes it’s not quite like Cas’s old Lincoln Continental Mark V. If he’s not mistaken, this one is a 1979 Lincoln Continental Town Car. And it’s black.
Dean and Cas lie on the hood of the Impala, usually a no-no for Dean, but that night, driving home from a hunt, Dean had pulled them over to watch the sky and pause for a moment, together.
Dean’s hunter radar goes into overdrive. Another death? And these townspeople find it funny? Maybe Sam was right in sticking to sussing out the townspeople. Something doesn’t sit right in this town.
"Dean, I don't have time. Jack, he's, well, he's a bomb for Death. When he kills Chuck and Amara, he also will die. If you and Sam are set on killing Chuck, then I need to find another way to save Jack." He stares at Dean, his jaw set and his eyes flare a brighter than normal blue.
“No. No, I don’t want you to go. I want you to stay. I always want you to stay.” He pauses, amazed at how easy those words are voiced. Pulling back and looking Cas in the eye, he whispers quickly, “I want to tell Sam.”
“Jack, there’s something…something more I was wondering about.” Cas looks at his once adopted son and squints.
Once Sam leaves, Dean just looks around the room, his eyes eventually settling on Cas. He’s still standing by the table, fiddling with the little hex bag.
Dean can’t help but regret the loss of Cas’s car. It was his first mode of transportation after the loss of his wings. Watching him smile at this similar vehicle makes Dean realize how much Cas must have come to love that ridiculous behemoth of a car.
Dean clears his throat and starts to fiddle with his bathroom bag. Shit, why did he just breathe out Cas’s name like that?
Dean almost bolts up again in his sleepy confusion before Cas pulls his arm tighter around Dean’s back. Dean just looks at him, eyes scrunched in confusion.
It doesn’t matter anyway because suddenly Cas moves closer to Dean and kisses him. It takes Dean by surprise, but he catches on pretty quickly and kisses him right back. It’s full of the unspoken words Dean can’t form. They pull apart to catch their breath, heads close, both looking down. Dean is feeling a bit bashful, if not exuberant over realizing that Cas knows exactly what he’s trying to say. He doesn’t have much time to overthink the moment. Cas moves in to kiss him again, pushing him to his back.
Dean takes a beat to continue looking at Cas. He was such an idiot getting mad at him before. It’s always fun working a case with Cas—spending quality time with him alone.
“Not in my world, but, uh, yeah, you look…nice, Cas. The color really brings out the blue in your eyes.”
“Great, we’ll be there.” He turns back to Bob and inquires about getting a call when the parts arrive. Bob gets Dean’s number and Dean then asks about the possibility of a loaner car. As much as it hurts to leave Baby in the parking lot of the motel, it wouldn’t look good for their cover if he kept driving it around. Bob lets them know they can borrow a car from the shop if necessary. Dean holds off for now but tells Bob they’ll be back if walking around town becomes too much during their stay. They thank Bob and head out.
He sighs and removes his suit jacket next. He grabs some loungewear from his dresser —clothing Dean once loaned him in an effort to loosen him up. Might as well dress the part if he’s becoming human again. He has another thought and heads to the bunker’s bathroom. If he’s suffering the pains of a human, he might as well indulge in the nice parts of being human and take a nice long bubble bath. The brothers are gone. He has the bunker to himself.
He looks over at Cas, and sees he’s paused his work to stare back at Dean. Fleetingly, Dean notes that he was peeling the apples in one, long, curly strip.
“Well, it’s a good thing you’ll be there. Clearly, I won’t be of any help.” With that, he turns to walk away.
He looks at Cas, wanting to ask him why it’s important to point that out now, and not the opposite before. What happened to just flowing with the conversation? Not drawing attention to themselves? He glowers at Cas and turns back to a waiting Bob.
“Uh, ok.” Dean gives a quick look to Cas and raises his eyebrows. What’s Sam doing? He is always quick to contact Rowena. She was at the bunker before they get back from Reno. Dean has a thought.
Dean wakes with a start, as he often does after a good night’s sleep, rare and fleeting as they are. His instincts kick in to fear the peace and tranquility. Chest pounding, he turns on his side to find Cas. He’s lying on his back, staring at the bunker’s ceiling. Well, at least he’s not staring at me for once, Dean thinks, clamping down on the worry bubbling up inside him. This thing between them --this bedsharing --is new, nebulous, and unspoken, and now a necessity with all the refugees from the other world milling about the bunker.
With a flash and a twisting tumble, Dean and Cas land, hand in hand, in their new world. They both lay stunned for a moment. Dean feels the soft ground beneath him —or maybe he just landed on his tail? The spell worked and they’re both alive, and that’s all Dean really cares about at the moment.
“Okay, okay, listen. Taking into account other things I’ve read and talking with people at the library in Elmdale, I’m starting to wonder about the woods in the area. Is there something malevolent out there? Something old that feeds on or kills humans without evidence? I’ve heard of wood sprites or, remember the Bisaan in Colorado? I’m going to have to keep digging, and then it’s a matter of finding the thing.”
“I started noticing a pattern to the deaths in the obits, Dean. I don’t know what your thoughts are but deaths usually don’t follow a pattern.”
Cas wanders back to the car while Dean opens their room. Once again, it’s much like any room they’ve stayed at in the past. For once there isn’t a specific design highlighting the location where they’re staying. Dean feels that the motel is missing out on a highly-marketable design style. Wood wainscoting panels the walls, while one wall sports bright aqua brick, and a double bed populates the space to the right of the door. Further into the room is a table and a mini-kitchenette. There is a bathroom and closet that together fill the back wall. Dean looks back to the bed and sighs. The afternoon escalated a little too fast for him to process it all. But they’re here now. He keeps looking at the bed, thinking about sharing it with Cas tonight, tomorrow night. Heaven forbid they don’t solve this thing, and finds himself thinking about sharing a bed with Cas for the indefinite future. His palms sweat a little. Cas doesn’t even sleep, what’s the big deal?
Cas continues, “I realize something. It has been my mission to serve Heaven for most of my existence. When I raised you from Hell, I found a new mission --to serve humanity --to serve you.” His eyes flit down, sheepish.
“Okay, I’ve been walking in the pitch black nothing for a long ass time, let’s go make some waffles and drink some breakfast beer to celebrate.” Dean suggests.
“Wait, wait, that...that never goes well. What about, y’know, not dying? What about not having a soul? What about…” Dean can’t get the words out fast enough and starts to spiral.
"Road trip? Is that what the young folks are calling honeymoons these days?” He winks at Dean conspiratorially.
While he is engaging in this bristling conversation with David, Patrick had come back with the supplies and it looks like Cas is taking care of paying for the items.
“We go to the Empty. We find Cas. We bring him back.” It sounds too simple. It sounds stupid, Dean thinks.
"Stop. Damnit, Cas. Wait. Can I explain something to you? I just need to make something clear to you, and then...then you can go, if you want."
Cas doesn’t respond. It has been weeks since they have last seen each other, and Dean wonders what Cas is reading that has him so distracted.
“Dean, you’ve had a life more extraordinary than anyone. You’re entitled to your anger and your hurt. We’re good though. We’re family. We’ll always be a family.”
Together, they head to Cafe Tropical. Once there they find a booth and slide in on opposite sides of the table and start looking over the ridiculously large menus. Dean is still weirded out by Cas’s new attire —maybe because it reminds him of when Cas was human. Not a good time for them —for Cas, really, and it was Dean’s fault.
He scowls at Cas. Cas looks back at him, almost daring him to snap, but Dean remains quiet. He’s sitting up now, and his feet are firmly on the area rug on the bunker floor. Sam’s voice is getting louder from down the hallway. Dean thinks he sounds nerd-excited, which means he’s found a case.
“Okay, that doesn’t really answer things. I’m guessing we’re not in the Dagobah system, so where are we?”
Without really thinking ahead, he jumps into hunter mode and approaches the new man. “I’m sorry, did you say there was a man found dead in town?”
“Uh, yeah.” His voice cracks, and he looks around for a glass of something, but there’s only empty beer bottles.
“What are you reading? Don’t you, you know,” Dean pauses, and swirls his finger around the side of his head, “Know everything now?”
Dean realizes that he may be pushing too hard as a tourist. The FBI gig affords them far more access so he lets it go. “Uh, nothing. You’ve got a nice store here.”
Cas nods his head, and Dean exhales, licking his lips before trying to gather his thoughts. He gets it. He's been on a never-ending path of destruction his whole life. Since he was young, he's been angry --at his father, his mother, Sam, Cas, all the evil in the world, and now Jack --but mostly Chuck.
Dean jumps and sees Cas standing beside him. He stares at him for a bit before turning back to the other Castiel, the one rejecting Claire.
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. “I’m really spun out right now. I need you to hear me. I don’t have anyone else.”
“She came in while I was flipping the bed. I thought it prudent to not let on that we know about the dead man.”
"Okay, let's just take a breath here for a second." He turns Cas completely to face him, gripping his other shoulder in the process. "We'll figure this out."
“I would have helped you, y’know.” Dean feels a flair of anger swell, and doesn’t know why. This is a memory. There’s no changing it.
“Hey, you ok? You learn anything? I got stuck talking with Ray —needless to say, there’s a good chance witches aren’t the only thing that’s worrisome about this town. Not sure carrying a shotgun on the haunted tour is going to go over well , but I’d feel safer,” Dean jokes.
A beat passes, and Dean hears Cas, with mirth in his low voice, ask quietly, “Do you ever wonder why humans are so ticklish, Dean?”
He decides to go for it. Ask the one thing he really wants. He deserves a win after everything. He knows this now.
Dean realizes too late the trap they appear to have walked into. Why did they think they were a couple? Cas is, per usual, standing a hairsbreadth too close to Dean, and yes, Dean hadn’t even noticed given it’s been a common thing for them since day one, but they hadn’t even said anything to each other.
“Jesus, Cas.” Dean feels the tears pool, and he holds Cas’s coat just a little tighter. “I would do anything to take this back, anything! You gotta know that.”
Eventually, Dean takes the pie from the oven. His mouth waters as the aroma of the cinnamon and apple fill the kitchen. He sets the pie on the counter, and Cas brackets him in from behind, resting his chin on Dean’s shoulder.
Cas is right, of course. Dean looks to the rift, nestled in the distant jumble of trees and prays that the rest of their family is there. There’s only one way to find out, he thinks, and looks back at Cas.
Dean eventually pulls back just enough to rest their foreheads together. He breaths Cas in and smiles.
Cas, though, and he is a dorky little guy and he’s Dean’s best friend and god, his eyes are almost sparking blue right now. Dean wonders if it’s because his mojo is firing up, or if it’s just how the last of the afternoon sun hits his face.
Dean pulls away only when he hears the whistles and slow claps from the peanut gallery. He glares at Sam and Eileen. They grin devilishly back at him.
“I’m glad that Jack has you and Sam to show him what a home is. I…look at all there is for him to know,” he says as he gestures with his other hand at the library shelves, “And knowing he’ll always have the two of you to guide him is important.”
“You’re not ‘extra crap’ to me. You never have been. I worry.” Dean looks down his nose at Cas before continuing. “And before you tell me you can take care of yourself, I’m going to tell you that I’m still always going to worry. So truce?”
Dean hangs up and looks back at Cas. He has a sour look on his face and Dean feels guilty for saying he was weird in front of him, but he is, even if he doesn’t mean to be.
“You’ve made it abundantly clear that all the mistakes I’ve made over the years are real. I’m sure you’ll figure out the rest in due time.” He sets his jaw firm, refusing to allow emotions to cloud his words.
Recovering, but still eyeing Dean a little sideways, he answers. “Oh, I don’t know. Isn’t the Schitt family curse a little silly at this point? Although, Mutt did turn out the way he did, but that’s not my concern. And before he left, Roland said that it sounds like the Elmdale PD is handling it all, but wanted Terry to head over with his coroner’s van.”
Dean looks at Jack, and sits back down in his chair. The desperate mania is still coursing through him, even if Jack’s words feel like a splash of cold water. He swallows the rest of his drink and pours a second glass. He drinks it in one gulp.
“Yes, David, they just came in.” Patrick clears his throat, a little red in the face, and reaches for his coffee. He silently mouths “Thank you” to David before taking a sip.
He looks at Cas, and sees his eyes are lust-filled but his mouth is grinning devilishly. Cas flattens his hand and rubs Dean’s side in mute apology.
He smiles sideways at her but focuses on Twyla. They need more information if they’re going to find out what’s really going on. Sam’s on it and is already casually chatting with Twyla when Dean refocus on them.
Patrick sighs a bit and looks at Dean and Cas. “I’ll be right back with your items. Please look around while you wait.”
However, it is at this point that Cas speaks up, revealing that he knows exactly what the conversation is implying and he completely railroads their original bro-trip plan.
“No matter what God has thrown at us, you’ve been by my side. We’ve fought it all together. This world is worth fighting for. I guess I know now that this,” Dean pauses and motions his hand between them. “What we have, what I feel for you, is worth fighting for. I pushed you away because what I feel for you is all too real. I wanted to feel nothing. I wanted to believe that this was all Chuck’s work. I don’t want that anymore. I want you by my side.”
Dean lies in bed for a long time after Cas is gone, his side of the bed cold to the touch. Thinking about telling Sam, about making this thing real between Cas and him, about being happy, together, no matter what monsters they fight or evil they face, doesn't sit as easy as he thought it would. He can’t shake the feeling that Cas is holding back on the joy they both should be feeling. Eventually the caffeine deprivation wins out and Dean rises to start the day, his mind fuzzy with thoughts of Cas and their future together.
Dean gathers his thoughts and breathes deeply through his nose. He really has no clue how to save them, but watching this painful memory play out, it becomes less important than making it clear to Cas what he means to Dean, what he’s always meant to Dean. He grabs Cas’s hand loosely and tugs.
It’s then that Dean remembers, fake-married or not, his car is the reason they have to stay an extended amount of time in town. He remembers Sam mentioning there was a garage in town, but thinks to ask Johnny again just to lay the groundwork for their cover.
Dean grabs his duffel and together they leave the motel, Dean trailing Cas, with a hand on his back.
He looks over at Cas and stares at their entwined fingers. He squeezes Cas’s small brown paw and Cas stirs.
If a portal can be opened, an angel can leave. Why couldn’t Cas just leave if Jack opens the portal? He’s frigging God. This shouldn’t be so hard.
“Long story. Listen, Cas, I need you to know something. You said some things last night that you probably don’t remember, and it made me realize that I’ve been unfair to you.” Dean pauses and collects his thoughts. “For so long, I’ve been trying to fit this mold, this idea, of who I should be. You came along and upended so much of what I believed. God, the world, what it means to trust and —you’re my family, Cas. You’re --you’re more than my family. You’re not a burden. If anything, you’ve brought a light into my life I didn’t know I needed. I need you to know that when I get mad, it’s because I’m worried. And… and I’m worried because you mean
“Protecting is a funny word for ritualistically killing people.” Dean looks over at Cas for a second, giving him a silent look of concern.
Patrick takes off for the back of the store, while Dean tracks his eyes back to David. Cas had wandered off again, opening random jars and sniffing them. David keeps flitting glances back at them, and Dean’s spidey senses start going into hyperdrive.
“They’re not the case, or at least I hope they’re not. They’re the hook to get you to come on the case with me. There was a death at a motel in Schitt’s Creek two days ago. Older man found dead by the motel staff. No known relatives. Coroner found no foul play. It appears the guy died of a heart attack.”
Cas doesn’t pull away, but whispers close to Dean, “I like our song, Dean. I think of you when I listen to it.” He kisses him again, a warm press of lips.
“I don’t think the Empty cares. It doesn’t mean I wasn’t regretful of every choice I made, every angel I killed, and the betrayal in your eyes when you finally learned the truth.” He sighs, licks his lips and looks over at the other Dean.
Dean flushes. He’d do it again, and again, forever if it meant keeping Cas safe and beside him. He smiles at Cas but refuses to make the moment more sappy than it already is.
“I’ll take your comment of ‘classy …joint’ as a compliment, but I’m not sure what you’re getting at.”
Dean still isn’t sure where to go with this conversation. What the hell is he implying about the turndown service? Dean shudders internally.
Everyone knows what a mixtape means. Cas never said a word, and when he returned it, Dean came to the conclusion that angels didn’t know what the language of love means to humans.
A still very stunned Twyla is standing between the brothers. Dean looks over at her and puts his hand on her shoulder in comfort.
Cas can smell Dean, the faded body spray and a day’s hard work. It’s intoxicating. He looks at Dean and blinks, desperately trying to remember if they even
“Why yes! I’ve been involved with the tours for a number of years. I plan on taking a group out tomorrow if you’re interested. We’ll be meeting at 8 on Route 6 just past the Schitt Farm, two lefts past the old oak but before old Henderson’s well. You can’t miss the spot!”
Dean flushes, and pours another couple fingers of liquor for him to nurse. He feels the hope slipping away, and his eyes well with tears. Dean doesn’t look at Jack.
“You! You woke him up once before. You can do it again!” He could hear the desperation creep into his voice.
Dean pauses and clears his throat. “They’re famous, Sam. They lost everything in a fraud case a number of years back. Disappeared from, well, everywhere.”
“You’re the one that said it, Dean, not me. People take vacations. Make up something.” Sam goes back to looking at his tablet, indicating his belief that the plan is settled.
“Well, isn’t this your lucky day, “ Sam murmurs beside him. “Don’t get distracted. We’re on a case.”
“Whatever, Dean. You’ll thank me when we can blend into the town. Small towns, especially ones with secrets aren’t the most welcoming of places. You know that.”
“No FBI, Dean. I’m thinking tourists. Maybe Niagara Falls? It isn’t too far away.” Sam pauses and clears his throat. Cas interrupts what Sam starts to say.
“We’ve been down this road before, Cas, and won. We got Mom and Jack back. I --I got you back.” He gulps, looking away, shame rising at that admittance. It gets easier the more he says it though. He licks his lips before looking down at Cas again.
“Dean, it has to be them. Only Jack can create paths between worlds. Only Jack would save our family and reunite us.”
Rowena lowers her voice for the rest of the conversation, which isn’t long. Sam gets off the phone and indicates they need to leave.
He’s doing this alone then. A dread slithers its way around his insides and settles deep in his gut.
Dean grunts, hearing Cas’s words. It doesn’t stop the gnawing maelstrom in his gut. He wants to say more, to argue Cas’s words. He opens his mouth to say something biting, but just lets out a deflated huff instead.
“Enjoy the stars, Dean. Enjoy the moment,” Cas insists, turning to fully look at Dean now. They stare at each other. Dean looks down, licking his lips, feeling a light, fizzy yearning form, yet not sure they should break the easy familial mood. He watches Cas’s eyes lower too and knows that he’s not alone in his thoughts. Dean’s breath hitches slightly, the stars forgotten for both of them.
“You dare come to our town —the town we’ve been protecting for over one hundred years, and destroy all that matters?”
Cas’s thrusts become erratic and Dean can tell he’s getting close. He moves his hand again and twists a little. Cas comes with a sigh, spilling over Dean’s hand and making a mess between them. Dean thrusts a few more times and comes with a cry of his own. His mind goes blank and he lies mostly on Cas. He moves to wipe his hand on the sheets before running it under Cas’s back, holding him tight. He rests his forehead on Cas’s for a beat before laying a final, quick kiss on his lips. They’re both breathing heavy and Dean doesn’t want to let the high subside, but it does. It always does.
He smiles, his heart beating a bit faster. Dean bumps Cas’s knee, the covers rustling, and entangles their legs together again. He can’t shake the feeling that Cas is skirting around something. Like, this isn’t part of his story too? This is a happy moment, for both of them. Telling Sam together feels like the culmination of a very long story in a way, not a happy ending, but a happy beginning. He’s allowing this to be real. He’s allowing himself to be happy for once. Cas deserves to feel the same.
Which is why Dean’s response is probably one of the dumbest things he’s ever done, outside of eating kale that one time. “Yeah, with a gaggle of tourists and a murderous creature on the hunt for fresh blood.”
Instead, he sighs and pushes at Cas’s ribs while pulling him closer with his arm around his shoulder. Cas takes that as an invitation to twist slightly, wrapping his arm around Dean’s middle.
He leans in and kisses Dean, soft, slow, and warm. Dean leans into the kiss, bringing their bodies flush, tightening his arm around Cas’s back. He opens his mouth slightly, deepening the kiss, but pulls back. This is just supposed to be a lazy morning wake up before Cas slips away. He leans his forehead against Cas’s and licks his lips, huffing, “The bunker’s going to be stirring soon.”
“Hey, I’m going to clean up a bit. Where’s your bag? You can change after I’m done. I’ll be sure to save you some hot water.”
“I…I’m sorry I said those things. I didn’t mean them, you know. You…you’re all I have. Sam, he’s, I have to watch out for him, always have. You though, we’re in this together.” Cas is startled by his words. Together?
“What do you want me to say, Cas? I thought you made a dumbass move back there in Nevada, and I’m not ok with it.”
Cas finishes up painting the living room walls and, thinking about preparing food for their evening meal, feels the silence of the house overwhelm him.
Dean just smiles again. He’s not quite ready to believe Cas, but damn if he doesn’t make a mean case for their future.
After the picture, Dean is in better spirits and is actually looking forward to figuring out this case a bit. Dean thinks to himself that they’re in relatively little danger for now. Like most cases, this is the perfect time to warm up to the townsfolk, turn on the charm, and see what the poor and unsuspecting --or possibly complicit-- people can do for them. He and Cas have their cover story, and despite still feeling sick to his stomach, he knows exactly what he needs to do to Baby to give them the other part of their cover story.
“This. This town. This case. So can we call a truce for a tiny moment, and then we’ll hash all this extra crap out?”
There was a pause from both of them, and then almost instantly, they both asked, “What’s going on there?”
“You know Cas, if you ever want to track down your old car, I’d help you. I know with everything with Amara and end of the world, and...” Dean gulps, pausing at the memory, but continues, “Lucifer, you kind of lost track of it. We could find it for you again.”
He’s thinking about the coven though, and why sacrifices are being made —and how the town continues to not prosper. Shouldn’t it be the opposite? If the Schitt family is tied to this?
“Do you ever think about all the knowledge this bunker holds? How little we know, how much there is to explore in these books? Sometimes I realize how little time we have to learn so much.”
Dean wakes to a glaring bright sun. It’s horrifying. He squeezes his eyes shut trying to avoid the harsh reality of daylight. He feels a solid, warm presence behind him and reaches to pull his pillow over his head. It won’t move though. The solid, warm presence is also on the pillow.
It matters. It matters so much that Dean’s heart is aching and his mind is reeling knowing that they are so close, but nothing can bring him back. He looks daggers into the drink in front of him, ignoring the eerie presence of Jack behind him.
"Jack's just a kid. Yeah, he's a kid with powers no one can begin to understand, but he doesn't deserve this fate. You're right to find a way to save him. Maybe this path of vengeance is the wrong way."
“If that lore is true, this is different. Leabharcham wasn’t evil. She was a wise old woman and caretaker. I’m guessing this bit of lore has been corrupted in the new world”
“I don’t think I’ve had a worse memory than this moment, Dean. The Empty, it knows everything, and it knows what will hurt angels and demons the most —me more than anyone else in this hopeless void, I’m guessing. I visit this memory more than all others.” Cas explains. Once he’s done he presses his lips together.
“You’ll be hard-pressed to find a place that doesn’t boast some kind of haunting or another around these parts. I’ve been a part of these tours for years now.” She lowers her voice and practically whispers, “It’s more of a romantic walk through the woods than anything. You two won’t have to fight off too many ghosts if you book a tour.”
It takes him a moment to realize what they’re watching —other than the surreal feeling of watching himself from the past. They’re at his home with Lisa. This was the year when he lived with her, trying to find an impossible peace. Maybe it would have worked if Chuck wasn’t around, Dean thinks. He watches his other self for a moment and remembers. He remembers how lonely he was, how lost. He loved Lisa in a lot of ways, but it was doomed from the start.
“They invoked us hundreds of years ago after immigrating here from Ireland. When they’ve been driven from a home or chosen to find a new place to settle, we’ve followed, keeping the natural world around their town.”
“I assume it’s because the sound effects department deemed them necessary to make the movie more engaging.“ This time, Dean could sense Cas’s smug not-quite smile form around the words.
Dean continues to drive, staring at the road ahead of him, stewing over why he is so irrationally panicked about purposefully damaging his car and wondering what a good cover story would be. Dean is so lost in his thoughts that he almost misses Cas speak up in the back, quietly.
So the three of them pile back into the Impala and drive around Schitt’s Creek and on to Elmdale. Dean and Cas drop Sam off in town to rent his own car and head back to their final destination.
“Yeah, well, I have doubts. I wasn’t thinking straight. The event last night was popular, and despite what happened with you, it doesn’t change that fact. Let’s roll out of here and you can fill me in on your evening. “
Dean digs into his double bacon burger and, surprisingly, is not disappointed. They sit in companionable silence while Dean eats. They’re in no hurry since the apothecary is only across the street and there’s no sense in arriving early. Dean mentally insists to himself that neither of them will be performing a comedy routine
Dean turns slightly to see Ray, the chatty man he met earlier at the garage. Ray smiles and waves awkwardly. He then jumps into a long winded and --hilarious only to himself — story about a recent haunted tour where a couple got stuck in a pantry in one abandoned house they were touring. Ray seems to indicate that he just left them to keep the tour going. Dean wants to be anywhere but chatting with this man, mentally noting that there might be more than just witches in this town. Death trumps ghost hunting for now though.
While Ray gabs on and on, Dean wonders how he can extract himself from the situation. The next person is setting up to perform. The time to converse is getting smaller. He looks for Cas —and his drink —again, and finds Cas talking with a blond couple. The man has the most horrific mullet Dean has ever witnessed — and that’s saying a lot for someone who’s main interactions are with other hunters.
"Jack's deal with Death, it…it will kill him. I have to find a way to stop it. I can't watch him die again." Cas huffs out a breath at that statement, and turns to walk away from Dean.
“I do. I can’t prove anything but I think the town was already starting to be inoculated against Leabharcham when the Rose family moved to town. They’ve started to turn things around for themselves —and those that they help in Schitt’s Creek,” Sam says. “Now everyone will be free to prosper.”
“Hnnmmmhhm.” Cas proceeds to drape his arm around Dean —still facing him. Dean has to manipulate him sideways and starts to slowly head for the door. He looks around one final time but the people in the room seem blissfully unaware of what’s happening.
All thoughts scatter to the wind as Cas’s tongue slides along his own, as Cas nips at his lower lip, as Cas’s hand moves from tracing his cheek to tugging at his hair. It’s not painful, but tears gather at the corners of Dean’s closed eyes anyway, threatening to fall.
“Sam was just asking about a book my gran had that was all about the Schitt family history. She gave it to my aunt who then gave it to me when her now ex-husband joined a traveling troubadour band. Said it’d probably come in handy one day. It’s just big and old and makes my bookshelf look nicer with it.”
“No, I’m not.” Dean smiles, and Cas knows he’s teasing him a little, even knowing he’ll find an adaptor in the car the next time they go for a drive.
Dean watches the sky grow bright and the wind start to swirl. Dean watches Jimmy transform into Castiel. He knows him without a doubt. He stands on the walkway awkward, staring at his hand when the door opens. It’s Claire. She was so young. Dean aches for her.
“It’s not like that, Dean. Chuck did so many things wrong, but the one thing he did right was give people curiosity and wonder about their world. I suppose I could just make myself know things, but I don’t think that’s right. I learned how to research from you, Sam, and Cas. I still have curiosity and this brings me joy.”
“Believe it,” Dean states. His voice is drowned out by the portal closing though, and he looks back as it quickly disappears.
“Dean, where have you been?! I’ve called and texted. I had half a mind to blow my cover to come back for you guys. You okay?”
Alarm bells are going off in Dean’s mind and he maybe lets Cas stand like that a beat or two longer before turning and looking back at him.
While Sam clearly has the research of the town in-hand, Dean starts thinking about warming up to the townspeople. If there is a secret, the town won’t welcome strangers. In fact, they’ll be targets if the deaths have started again. Dean chuckles mentally when he thinks about the fact that the town doesn’t know they have an angel in their pocket, and then sours when he thinks about the fact that his angel isn’t as all-powerful as he once was, or at least as all-powerful as Dean thought he was.
Dean smiles and looks around at the rest of the room. Sam is helping Gwen up from the floor. She looks perplexed and back to normal, the spell clearly breaking with the destruction of Leabharcham and the head of the coven. Rowena has made her way over to Twyla and is quietly talking to her.
It’s simple. It’s heartbreaking. Dean lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding and focuses everything he has on the road ahead.
“I’m better than I thought I’d be. I thought, god, I don’t know what I thought. Jack...what Jack did, it’s a little scary to process. You think he’s good?”
Cas comes in with their gear, interrupting his thoughts. Dean looks him up and down. He’s carrying Dean’s duffel and sets it down on the credenza opposite the bed, right next to the TV. His coat is wrinkled from sitting in the car for so many hours, and his hair is spiked in various directions. Dean has a momentary compulsion to tame it, but refrains. He just smiles at himself and goes to rifle through his duffel for his bathroom bag. Might as well wash up a bit before heading out to Bob’s Garage.
“Dean, I know I’m a burden to you and Sam. But you —you and Sam —are all I’ve got.” He huffs a little, looking away, deflating. “I think I prove myself useful at times. You just seem to increasingly think I’m more and more useless the less I’m attached to heaven. In Reno- the wraith, that was  -just- just a hunt, and an easy one, at that. You’ve been acting like I did something horribly wrong ever since then.” He looks back at Dean, and swallows. “You’ve been acting this way for a long time. I’m trying my best, Dean. This hunt, I thought, I was doing my best to be ‘normal’.” Dean can’t help but grin a little on the inside when Cas put air quotes around that word.
“Oh, of course. We recently booked out all the rooms but you’re in luck! Let’s see, it looks like Room 4 is available. It includes a comfortable bed, convenient kitchenette, and complementary coasters. I assume you will be sharing a room?”
Dean glances at Jack again. He’s looking down at his open palms. He looks up at Dean then, meeting his eyes.
Dean dusts the flour from his hands and grips Cas’s arm. The residual flour leaves stark white prints against the dark suit jacket.
The waitress comes and takes their order—well, Dean’s order times two, but she doesn’t need to know that. They sit in silence, Dean sipping on his water while they wait for their food.
“Dean, we made it.” Cas states the obvious, and Dean smiles. They really did. They made it to the new world.
So Dean does. He throws on his robe and stumbles his way into the library. Eileen and Jack are already there. There’s books and coffee cups strewn across the tables. They appear to have been working all night.
“I’m fine, Dean. I’m…different, but I’m still me. I don’t think I can explain it fully. I’m sorry. Just know that I’m good.”
“And, uh, it’s a completely ridiculous cover. No one cares who were are to each other. Everyone in this town just seems to go with the flow. It’s stupid.”
“Cas, we’ve got to find a way out of here. I’ve come to take you home. You gotta help me. Please.” His voice strains and his breath hitches.
The creak of the bunker door shakes him out of his state and he looks up to watch his brother and Eileen walk through the door.
He breaths in, and surges forward, kissing Cas. Their lips slide together. They revel in the moment, feeling each other, and being with each other. Dean slips his arm around Cas and makes slow, reverent circles on his back, basking in being with the man he loves.
“If you think for one second I will let someone else touch Baby, you’re out of your freaking mind, Sam!” Dean starts to hyperventilate a little. All panic about spending time alone with Cas in a motel room is superseded by Sam’s demonic thoughts of purposely damaging the Impala. He’s been hanging out with Rowena way too much. “Hard pass, Samuel. Let’s find something else.”
“It’s okay, Dean. Castiel wants to live as a human. His grace is with me now. I gave him a human soul.” Jack calmly explains.
“I think we should split up, try a separate approach. Maybe two of us go in together, get a room, hopefully the room where the man died at the motel, and then the other one comes into town later. There’s a town nearby, Elmdale, that has a library that would be good to stop at first.”
“Uh, yeah, sure. I’m gonna hit the shower. Wraith juice doesn’t age well.” His lighter tone falls flat, and his smile is more of a grimace. Yet, he claps Cas’s shoulder twice before heading back down the hallway to his bedroom.
Smiling, Cas huffs, lightly pushing Dean away. Before getting out of bed, they pause, staring, knowing one more piece of their little puzzle just clicked together.
closer than normal, if Dean is honest with himself. He calms himself and repositions his hand, and looks at Cas.
He looks over at Cas in the passenger seat and notices the car next to them. “Take a look beside you, Cas. It’s like a trip down memory lane.”
“Well, check this out. Johnny Rose, owner of Rose Video, is also the owner of the town —or, well, his son is.”
“My good man, Stevie will be by in a bit to deliver your towels. In the meantime, I suggest you two weary travelers take a little time to unwind and then have a turn around town. Cafe Tropical is a wonderful place to grab a nice late lunch.”
“Hey, I know. You think I could stand being around the two of you for all these years and not realize what two dumbasses in love look like?” Sam says, smiling.
He hears a noise and looks up to see Cas. He’s standing between the hallway and kitchen, clearly wanting to run but realizing he can’t now that Dean’s caught his eye.
a love ballad. They will be getting to know the townsfolk. His next thought is that they should act more like a couple.
“The other Castiel --the one in their world-- we’re the same. For so long I served Heaven.” He stops, lips snapping shut, leaving thoughts simmering under the surface.
“Looks like the party’s over, “ he says, listening to the last voicemail. “Sam’s found the coven’s hideout and he’s a little freaked out that I didn’t answer his calls.”
Cas smiles slightly, and rests his hand over Dean's heart. It's beating like a jackhammer and Dean wants to squirm away from the touch, but stays still.
Cas makes his decision and continues to wrap the towel around his middle. He steps out of the tub, reaching for the pile of clothes sitting on a chair close to Dean.
“Wonderful…congrat—congr, uh, enjoy your stay.” With that he walks over to the far wall to move more items back in order.
Cas doesn’t know if Dean is sorry for his harsh words or for Cas losing his grace. Either way, it’s overwhelming. Knowing Dean wants him by his side is overwhelming.
Dean comes out of the bathroom, expecting Cas to have made himself at home watching TV —as he tends to do in motels they stay in, but instead he is neatly folding his trench coat and laying it on the bed. His back is to Dean, and it’s a good thing, because Dean’s mouth falls wide open.
“Dean, I have loved you for a long time. I don’t think that will come as a shock to Sam. I also know this has been something you’ve struggled coming to terms with for yourself. This is something very personal for you. I will be there for you, if you need me.”
“Good, Sammy. You should try it sometime.” He pulls Cas in for a sideways hug, initially as a joke for Sam’s sake, but regrets it immediately when he looks over to see Cas, a look of fondness and confusion on his face.
Noting no booze in the bathroom, and as they both slip beneath the pleasure of the bubbles, Cas wonders if they might cross off two of the three items on Dean’s list that evening.
“We handled it. It’s no big deal. You’ve been dealing with the angels, so I think we’re more than even.”
“Hmm, interesting. Bob, dear, I’m off to the library. Don’t wait up. Dinner is in the freezer.” And with that, Gwen is gone.
Dean looks into the rearview mirror to see Cas looking up, directly back at him. He has clearly stopped reading the old papers and is showing interest in Sam’s idea.
“Yeah, well, I think I've made a fool of myself enough for today. How about we stick to the case so we can get out of this one-horse town. C'mon, let's hit up the garage first and then we'll make a quick stop at the store for supplies. Sam should be checking in soon with what he's found in Elmdale.”
“Dean, this is Stevie. She owns the motel and has brought us more towels. I was in the process of looking for a bug under the bed when she made her appearance.”
With that, Dean starts walking towards the garage. It’s a big blue building with paint peeling off the wood exterior. A common theme in this little town, he notes. There’s a tow truck and older model sedans parked out front. Dean can’t tell if they are for sale or rent, or just piss poor examples of the work done at this particular garage. Dean shudders at the thought of Baby in the hands of a stranger. He hardens himself as they cross the street. No one is touching Baby but him (and despite what Sam thinks, he’s not even going to do anything to her.) By the looks of this place, he’ll be able to talk circles around the joint, order some parts, and maybe pick up some intel via local gossip.
perfect for all its weirdness. We’re surrounded by woods. My second bet is woodland creature that kills to maintain its power. The town is its feeding ground. It’s not very prosperous compared to Elmdale or other nearby towns. The Roses move to town a couple years ago and things start to change? The murders start up again. Why? They own the town, they live at the motel where one of the vics died.”
“Well, I say go talk to Bob. He’ll set you up right. Just tell him Johnny sent you and you’ll get the Friends and Family discount. I’ll ring him up right now to let him know you’re on your way.”
Before he can correct him, Johnny barrels on with their check-in information. Room 4, it turns out, is the room where the dead guy was staying, so at least they have that in their favor. The bad news, it has one bed.
“He’ll have you around a lot longer than me or Sam,” he responds, lightly, but wants to curl his hand into a fist, and block out the implications behind Cas’s words. Cas is immortal. Cas will be there for him —and Jack forever.
Dean never will get used to hearing this bold truth of Cas’s faith and devotion in him, but he can admit that hearing the words has eased with time.
“Hey, check into something for me. Where in town does the motel sit? If these deaths are all happening outside of the town, what happened in the motel?”
He’s not even sure where to begin asking about what’s been going on in the town. To the outside world, this was just a random death. Sam and his hair-brained ideas. Dean thinks this is another good reason to not let his brother stew in the bunker too long --it makes him start seeing things that maybe aren’t there.
The night is beautiful. Exploding with stars, the sky stretches far and wide across the flat, empty expanse of road. They had been hunting in the ass-end of nowhere --a vamp hunt-- a milk run so easy Sam begged off to do research with Eileen. Busy tracking an Azeban, she made a detour to Lebanon, thinking the bunker might have information on the lore. Though the brothers have never talked about it, Dean questions how much research will actually be done in Cas and Dean’s absence.
He turns to look at Jack as he finishes the job. The kid did it —again. Cas lets go of Dean’s hand and walks over to Jack.
“You know I like it also. I work later at the bar tonight though. I shouldn’t have to be up so early.” He nibbles at Cas’s neck, feeling the  beard stubble on his lips, tasting the salt and sweat, drowning in the need to be closer to Cas.
“Dude, look over at Moira Rose. Sam could take some styling lessons, don’t you think? Her wig looks just like Sammy’s hair.” Dean chuckles at himself but gets no real response from Cas.
Dean tries to forget the day, the hunt, the heat. He just wants more of this --more of Cas. More moments with them together, forgetting the world, and the crappy hand they’ve been dealt. They haven’t had a world ending catastrophe to face in months. Routine salt and burns are now the norm. Dean knows this won’t last. Dean just wants to savor the taste of Cas, and the feel of his body next to his. Dean dreads checking his voicemail, dreads finding a call for another hunt.
He pulls his arm above his head, his bended elbow bumping Cas in the temple. Baby’s big enough for the both of them to fit comfortably but they’re close --close enough for Dean to feel Cas’s warmth, close enough for them to touch.
“You’ve heard a lot for just getting back to the bunker. Instead of talking with Sam, you could have joined me in the Dean Cave —got the TV all fixed up and everything.”
“And I’m guessing Johnny didn’t tell you about the extra special turn-down service, but I’m here to tell you it’s worth the $50.”
The flour, sugar, and apples taunt him. He doesn’t have the patience or energy to do this, he realizes.
It’s at this moment that Dean decides something. He pulls back to look at Cas, really look him in the eye. Cas isn’t going to read his wordless thoughts though and so Dean steels himself to say the things that he’s felt for a long time, but just has not had the ability to face.
Together, they scamper a couple hundred yards to the large shade tree. Cas arrives a few seconds after Dean and he doesn’t stop at the base of the tree, but instead sprints ahead.
“Dean, it’s the legend of Deidre. She was Deidre’s caretaker. She lived in the forest and protected her from the world,” Sam says.
Both brothers start another round of laughs. Dean feels like maybe his lack of sleep is making him delirious. It isn’t that funny. The second round of laughter must alert Cas, as he walks in after a couple moments.
The —what is it? It’s not a fish, he thinks —thing crawls a couple inches in the mud. Cas walks up to it and, before Dean can interfere or even call out, he steps on it. He smashes it into the earth, killing it.
“If it brings you comfort, this was an accident and I don’t step on the next one.” He says it plainly.
“Yeah, ya--yes. I mean, when are we gonna have a better time? There’s nothing heavy hanging over our heads. Nothing but car rides and beach vacations in our future.”
“I don’t know. I just wish the dummy would say something for me. “ He laughs and continues, “Maybe he can just find us in the kitchen one morning and I’ll tell him to deal with the new normal, and that’ll be that.”
“Dean, look, an apothecary. Aside from general medicinal needs, they might stock your bathroom necessities that you need to replace.”
Dean places his palm on Cas’s chest, feeling the steady rise and fall, feeling his heartbeat low and regular —does that matter for an angel? Cas is going to be just fine.
Dean drops his duffel in his room, grabs his bathroom gear, and heads to the showers. There’s no sign of Sam in the back hallways of the bunker, either. Once in the shower, Dean quickly dismisses his brother’s absence. As the hot water washes away the grime of the previous day, he replays the events in his head.
Dean agrees, and maybe a road trip and another case will help him forget about the last. He doesn’t want to give Sam the upper hand though.
“Gwen was just telling me about a haunted tour that the local Daughters of Elmdale host once a month. It happens to be tomorrow evening if we are interested.”
“You must be Dean. Your lovely husband pointed you out just now and we wanted to come over and welcome you to the town --however short a stay it is,” the woman said in greeting.
Dean and Sam look at each other. “We’re going to need you to come with us. Now.” Dean demands as he heads for the door.
The couple that was just talking with Cas walk up to Dean then and smile. He wants to walk past them but realizes they’re making a pointed effort to interact with him so he pauses to recognize them.
He gets through the crowd and to Cas just as the next person starts their set on stage. Cas isn’t holding either drink anymore and is standing, slightly swaying, head relaxed and looking down. He notices that Johnny and Moira Rose are mingling elsewhere by now and sighs in relief. He takes a look at them from afar. From this angle and distance he can’t help but laugh a bit that Moira’s wig looks eerily familiar. Dean crowds up closer to him to whisper under the performance.
He pulls back after a bit, wrapping his arms around Dean’s shoulders. Dean’s arms are still around his waist and he feels Dean slide his palm under the back of his t-shirt, rubbing the small of his back. Their legs are tangled and they just sway a bit, staring at each other. Cas can’t get enough of moments like this. It took them so long to get here, and now he wants to live in these small moments with Dean forever.
He walks for a long time. He talks to Cas in his mind. He doesn’t realize he’s doing it at first, but he finds it comforting. He feels there’s a purpose in it, mentally telling him things about Chuck and Jack. It keeps him occupied as he walks further and further into nothing. Eventually, he starts to apologize.
He curses himself. His mind is frozen over what he needs to say. He wants to say it. He wants Cas to understand. He’s not sure he has the right words.
“Not interested.” Dean repeats, his face heating slightly. He’s going to have to spoil to Sam sooner than later. What’s the hold up?
“I thought you said you thought the transmission was ‘making that popping noise again’ as we pulled up to the motel?”
“I hear you’re staying at the old Schitt’s Creek Motel. It’s got A+ maintenance and concierge over there, if you know what I mean.” The guy smiles at Dean and winks.
David, who is busy moving around what appears to be lip balms and breath mints, looks around like Dean isn’t talking to him. His face squirrels into an embarrassed but pleased smile.
“Yeah.” Dean’s sleepy confusion sticks like spiderwebs in the corners of his mind. What did a long-defunct video chain have to do with anything?
Cas’s hand cradles Dean’s face while their mouths move together. Dean puts his arm around Cas, quickly sliding it under his white tee, tracing the tattoos before gliding his hand over Cas’s lower back, pulling him closer.
Cas moves first, sending a warbling thrill down Dean’s spine, awakening butterflies that he never quite tampers, once born of nerves, now born of passion. Cas slides his hand up Dean’s chest, to his neck, eventually cupping his jaw. And his lips are on Dean’s, kissing him, slowly, mouths sliding together. He’s gentle, hesitant, but Dean senses a fire fiercely simmering and he deepens the kiss. He starts to turn, wanting to slide his arm under the trench coat, under the suit, under -- God, Cas needs less clothes like yesterday. He settles his hand on Cas’s neck instead while Cas shifts and moves his hand down to Dean’s side.
Dean continues to look at Cas. What the hell is happening right now? Is this town for real? He’s not surprised that everyone knows everyone —and Johnny did say he’d tell Bob they were heading over, but now they’re signed up for a haunted tour of the town. Are they going to be personally escorted to the cafe across the street for a complimentary meal next?
Dean heads inside to the motel office, which doesn’t appear to have been updated in forty years. There’s wood paneling and kitschy country decorations plastering the interior. Most noticeably, there’s a giant stag painting hanging behind the desk. The desk is off to the right and there’s a small couch and concierge table with coffee and cinnamon rolls tucked away in the corner. There’s a man behind the desk, sporting salt and pepper hair and wearing a suit. He looks dignified and out of place for a motel employee, if Dean stops to think about it. Then his mind clicks the pieces together. He knows that face. Or at least a much younger version. This has to be Johnny Rose. His son is the spitting image of him. Dean may have followed the international gossip sites for Alexis Rose, but he often followed the New York gossip sites for news on David Rose too. He isn’t proud of it but he doesn’t have to admit it to anyone, thankfully.
"Come with me. Help me save Jack. We'll find a way to stop Chuck, but not with Billie's plan. Be by my side, Dean. "
There’s a staircase going up to the hayloft off to the left and two smaller rooms off to the right. Dean and Sam quickly check out each room to find more unused barn equipment, a milking shed, and a granary. Nothing seems to indicate that anything is amiss here. There’s a horse stable at the back of the barn, but even that is empty. Dean motions with his gun towards the staircase and starts weaving through the milking stands, carefully sidestepping stray cans and bottles. Sam follows while Cas and Rowena hang back scoping the rest of the lower level.
Dean pulls back, gasping, squirming. Licking his spit slick lips, he implores, “What the hell, man!”
“Talk to me.” His voice is too gruff and Cas just stares. Dean clears his throat and pushes himself up on one elbow to look over Cas. He moves his hand up and rubs his forearm to soften his words’ inflection.
Cas is in no mood to scold, and goes on like Dean isn’t an idiot, deflecting and joking. They’ve come this far at least.
“I don’t know. I think that our bond —our love is something unnatural to the Empty. It didn’t belong there. We didn’t belong there. Thank you for saving me, Dean.”
“You know what I think, Sam? I think you’ve been cooped up in this bunker too long and you’re ready to make up a case just to have an excuse for a road trip. Don’t you have important work  to do for Rowena?” Dean hopes that last comment sticks to Sam a bit, and he starts to curl back into the couch. He realized almost too late that Cas is still sitting at the other end, and lowers his feet to the ground again, half lying on the arm of the couch, arms awkwardly covering his chest.
They enter the apothecary to find the event in full swing. People are milling about, enjoying the atmosphere and drinks in wine flutes. Some are quietly conversing in the front of the shop, while the majority of the people are focused on the back of the shop, where the performances are being held.
“More like keeping the town from prospering —keeping the people depressed and oblivious to how much better things could be,” Dean says.
His heart beats a little faster at that admission, and the tips of his ears are warmer. The oven is pre-heated but Dean doesn’t think that’s the cause.
At that moment there is a jingle as the door opens again. Cas walks in, holding the door for a woman dressed in the most absurd way, all black and white and ridiculously patterned. They are murmuring to each other as she passes him, smiling. Getting a closer look, Dean realizes he knows the woman as well.
A hollow silence follows those words. Dean stares at the road ahead while the Impala eats up the miles towards home. He doesn’t want to think about how they became a family. He doesn’t want to think about how their family isn’t complete. It’ll never be complete again.
Dean observes the angel for a moment. He just has his white undershirt on, his arms scandalously bare as they lay on top of the blanket, making Dean’s stomach flip with need. Cas’s brow is furrowed and it’s clear that his mind is a million miles away. His voice cracking, Dean breaks the morning silence, whispering, “Hey, what’s going on in there?”
“She’s the local diner’s owner. She’s filled in a lot of the missing gaps that the newspapers didn’t cover when it comes to the history of this town. She has a book —unpublished, but seemingly accurate. She knew all about the Schitt family witches.”
“It doesn’t matter. These are all just memories. Nothing here is real.” Cas pulls away to watch the rest of the moment unfold.
No answer. The bunker is quiet, aside from the usual thrum of machines. Dean starts to call for his brother again when they reach the war room.
“The book has a ‘recipe’ in the front. It’s a spell though —a conjuring spell. We reversed it.” Sam says.
They had reached the barn by then and Dean pulls the car over. Rowena is waiting in the shadows and comes out when she sees the trio emerge.
“Good thing our cover story was a waste of time. I didn’t have to hurt my baby. Sam’s doing dishes for the next month for that idea.”
It is as simple as that. Dean lists off the various belts and parts he wants. Bob doesn’t even bat an eye and  dutifully writes down what Dean requests. While Dean is doing that, Cas wanders off to another part of the garage. Dean is just finishing things with Bob when he overhears Cas say, “Spooky things in town?”
“We’ve been over this, Cas. I thought— I thought we’ve moved beyond this?” Dean is so confused, and his heart aches for Cas.
“Yeah, well, you might not want to share this with others. The town is blissfully unaware about what’s happened around them all these years. Probably should stay that way.” Dean advises.
He gets Cas out the door and starts to navigate him back to their room. Cas is a heavy weight on his side but he’s still conscious and mostly able to walk himself. He’s getting worse though —and with that Dean’s panic level increases.
A smaller man who appears to be of Indian descent rushes in just as Cas responds, “That would be very nice.” He doesn’t seem to see Dean or Cas off to the side and runs right up to Bob’s desk.
“No sense wasting that hot water.” He quirks his eyebrow and tugs them towards the tub. “Baths are one of the top three most pleasurable activities out there, after all.”
— everywhere. And there’s Sam, on a step stool, rifling through a box in the far corner of the room.
“Dean, I want Castiel back as much as you do.” He pauses, and tilts his head. “Cas is asleep in the Empty. I can make a portal, but it does no good if he’s still asleep. There’s no way to wake him. There’s no way I can bring him back.”
“I think we should track down Gwen —see who she’s involved with. I think we should also maybe go back and talk with Twyla again too.”
“That’s alright, I’ll make an exception for you and listen to it on my phone. Maybe I’ll get a little bluetooth adaptor for Baby.”
“Seriously, are you okay? You seem distracted.” He reaches out to tame a stray tuft of hair. He lets his hand linger a second longer than he should before dropping it to his side again. He does that more now, the lingering touches. He realizes they both do, and something deep inside him churns.
The shower did him some good, and as he dresses, he sheds the clouded thoughts that plague him. He’s still pissed at Cas, but a big breakfast and finding his dingbat brother seems to be higher on the priority list now. He dons his favorite green henley and a pair of lounge pants. If he can help it, he’s doing nothing more than eating, sleeping, and binging movies, in that order, for the rest of the day.
Cas makes it back to the bunker in good time. It’s still early and he figures the brothers are probably still awake. He sits in the cab of his truck a full ten minutes contemplating his next move. Seeing Dean again is an inevitable part of getting back in the game. If he could delay that meeting —if he could delay the anger— he’d wait in the fading glow of the night sky indefinitely.
“Sam? Hey, we’re back,” Dean yells down into the bunker as he and Cas walk down the wrought-iron staircase.
The sensation of wind and screaming and drowning go away though. He’s left standing on nothing. He’s not weightless but he reaches down and extends his arm further than his feet. He stands back up, startled. It's a blank emptiness.
“This is also mine. I watched you, often. I’m sorry. I missed you, Dean. But I knew that you had found a home and a good woman to love. I was at war, and well, I cared too much for you to interrupt your new life.” he admits. He does not look at Dean.
“You’re right.” They’re still holding hands. Cas is still staring at their hands. Dean’s still staring at their hands. He can’t let go for some reason.
“Do you get a lot of tourists through the area? This seems like such a sleeper town to sustain a classy joint like this.”
Cas gets even closer to Dean, wrapping one of his arms around Dean’s back and stands taller to whisper in Dean’s ear, his breath tickling the hairs on Dean’s face.
It was all routine. The case was a tip-off from another hunter who had passed through weeks ago. Dean knew what they were dealing with before they even hit the Nevada state line, and at the end of it all, it was a simple slice-and-dice. Dean pauses his thoughts to lather his hair with shampoo, and he pushes his hair into a mini faux hawk. He has to admit, the shower feels good. He stands there, skin splotched with red, soap and water trickling down his freckled limbs.
“And now I seem to do everything wrong in this town, but the people here are nice and they accepted our story without question and I found us an excuse to explore the woods outside of town.” Cas’s anger is completely gone, and all that was left is confusion and hurt.
“What do you mean, of course he’s going to come back to the bunker. He’s the man with the plan, he’s top dog, he can do whatever he wants now. C’mon.” Dean starts walking to his car. They can celebrate. Maybe he’ll make Jack another cake.
"I think you know I've always enjoyed our time together, Dean. You have helped me change and grow in ways that I will marvel at for the rest of my days. I know this was a big step for you."
Dean doesn’t know where this is coming from. Jack is a subject they don’t dare touch. He is trying to come to terms with his feelings towards Jack —for Jack’s sake —for Cas’s sake even more. Dean sees the love that Cas has for the boy, and in his quiet moments he recognizes that it’s the single guiding force helping him move forward with his feelings.
“Hey.” Dean cards his hand though Cas’s hair, fingers lightly threading the soft curls behind his ear. “I don’t know what that --that thing --was, but he was not you.”
His voice is low, rough from oversleeping. Dean sits up on his elbow, looking down at Cas and brings his hand closer to touch him.
He starts walking. He barely makes a sound —as if an unshaped instinct is telling him that silence is best.
Dean isn’t even thinking about that. He’s thinking about the logistics of being fake-married to Cas. Would they hold hands? Would they hug all the time? Would they have to get a room with only one bed to sell the story? Would they kiss in public? His mind is reeling. He can’t do this. And he’s still mad at Cas, although his mind draws a blank about why now.
Dean watches as Johnny and Moira Rose approach them and greet Cas. Johnny raises a glass in a toast and Cas hesitantly mimics him with his glass and downs the liquid. Dean wonders where the other glass went and why he doesn’t have one in his own hand yet. He also wonders why Ray is still talking.
“What are we watching this for, Cas?” There’s a hint of panic in his voice, and he looks over at Cas imploring for an answer.
Rowena stands her ground, seemingly understanding what’s happening. Her arms flare out and her eyes flash purple and she starts to chant as an entity starts to form in the air above the table. The remaining witches crowd closer to the hunters.
Dean pauses. He squeezes Cas’s hand and reaches out with his other hand, grazing the trench coat’s arm as he reaches. Cas turns to him fully, listening more carefully.
With his duffel still on his shoulder, Dean looks around the room and heads for the library. Everything seems in order: no books out of call number order, no chairs flipped upside down. He knows Cas had texted when they were about an hour out of Lebanon. What could have called Sam away?
Dean reaches for him, meaning to grab the cuff of his trench coat, but grabs his hand by mistake instead. It’s awkward. In that moment, Dean realizes how this must look to a passersby. The newlyweds are fighting, and as much as it is none of their business, he knows how these things work. Cas is right. They need to blend in if they’re going to solve this thing. Fighting in the equivalent of the town square is s boneheaded move.
