John raised his eyebrows, his voice going tight as he asked. "A
"It's fine," John whispered, the apology cutting deeper than he would've thought possible.
"Then fix it John. Make it stop hurting- for the both of us."
He gasped a strangled sob, running his fingers through his own precum before spreading the slick substance across his dick tip.
But it was too much, and John let out a short dry laugh, "well then, it's no wonder people've gotten the wrong idea about us."
Sherlock looked up at him, touching his cheek for a moment before his face twisted with grief.
"He tried," John countered, pulling Sherlock closer and kissing him, pouring himself into the kiss, "but I'm still here. And I loved you then, even if I was too much of a twat to admit it. And I love you now. I'm sorry," he kissed Sherlock's eyes, the sharp ridge of his cheek bone, the smooth flesh just below his ear, "I'm sorry I've put the blame on you, for so long. Too stubborn to admit I've loved you more."
"God, John," Sherlock gasped his name and rolled his hips against John's hold.
Sherlock opened his eyes to the look of determination and certainty and dedication and heart that he had seen John give him a hundred times before. Sherlock could only stare back.
The deep gnawing returned to Sherlock's chest, bringing with it the desperation and longing he fought to control.  So many things had changed between them since '
John knit his brow in frustration. He could feel his throat growing tight and his heart aching in a way that felt so familiar to the way it did when he watched Sherlock jump. The word slipped from his lips before he could stop it, "please."
A sharp pain flared through his chest, worse than any bullet, and a defeated cry ripped itself from his lungs. He felt himself crumple, knees hitting the floor before the rest of his body curled in on itself. He cried freely, ugly snarling sobs that tore the breath from him. It ached. His heart ached in a way he'd never felt before, in a way that made him wish he'd had heeded his brother's warnings about love.
"No, it's not. I should've told you sooner. I should've done better- been better for you- to you. I didn't want to die, I wanted to stay- with you. John, I love you. I loved you then. I didn't know it then. Moriarty did- obviously," he snarled over the last word. "He did burn the heart out of me."
"Oh, John-," he bucked up, groaning in protest as John's weight kept his hips pinned, "-in my drawer. Please. I want to feel you John, please." Even as he spoke the words, he turned his head away.
His vision blurred, the reddish gray palette of the room disappearing beneath a kaleidoscope of colors and stars. He spilled across his chest and stomach, his muscles twitching beneath it's pearly sheen. And John held him through it, licking into his mouth, tasting his wanting and his pleasure and his deep desperation. John kissed and touched and gave, long into the early morning, until Sherlock felt raw from it, his body and heart aching from exertion.
John breathed hard. He should've let go by now, stepped away from Sherlock, and let him finish his retreat. Instead, John looked up at the hand Sherlock had twisted in his shirt, his eyes tracing the tendons of his forearm to the white knuckles of his fist. And from where Sherlock's hand was pressed against him, John felt a warmth of desire trickling through his blood. A dark heat pooled in his belly as the silence lingered between them. He knew he should let go, but he tightened his grip on Sherlock's shoulder, a sickening sadness creeping into his thoughts.
Sherlock moved to step away, but John was holding his gaze. How many times had they had entire conversations through eye contact alone, Sherlock wondered. The blade twisted again. He shut his eyes against the pressing pain and sighed John's name.
The evening air felt fresh and light after the day's steady rain. And when John returned home from his office, he climbed the stairs quickly, eager to be in Sherlock's arms once again.
But then John did the unthinkable.
"Ok," Sherlock sniffeled, kissing John softly. "Let the game begin."
Sherlock looked down at his own dick, heavy lidded and delirious with its intensity. "What did you do to me?"
"For Christ sake, John," Sherlock huffed, bringing John's hand to his mouth, tenderly pressing a kiss to each of his finger tips, "you know where my bedroom is."
For a moment the facade broke, and the glistening behind Sherlock's eyes welled up. He tried to slide the mask of indifference back in place, but the pain in John's voice wouldn't let him. Sherlock let them fall freely. Heavy with heartbreak.
"You won't. Sherlock, look at me. Whatever it takes." He kissed Sherlock softly, a gentle brush of their lips. "I'm done losing you."
John bowed his head and pressed it to Sherlock's chest. He watched Sherlock's hand flex against the window, condensation forming from the heat of his body. The desire that dwelled inside him for so long sent tremors through his body as he rolled his hips against Sherlock. Sparks of pleasure pushed him close to orgasm and he gasped at the realization, forcing himself away from Sherlock's panting body.
John sat up in his bed, frustration and anxiety settling deep in his stomach. His clock glowed an angry red. He couldn't remember the last time he had been able to sleep through the night, unable to sleep through the dark images his mind conjured. They filled him with a deep sense of disgust- Sherlock's face twisted with agony and the stark contrast of his wife's cold gaze. He tried to push away the memories of Sherlock's convulsing body, trembling in pain, and so very near to death. Pale skin. Hitched breathes stopped short. And then, the terrible squeal of the defibrillator.
John sighed again as he made his way down the stairs that lead from his room, willing forward his soldier steady resolve, even as his footsteps faultered when he reached the spot where he had watched paramedics resuscitate his friend.
"Sherlock, look at me," John tried.
But John didn't reply. Instead, they stood in silence, watching the grey red sky and the mist that dampened the city. And for a long while neither of them spoke.
He needed a glass of water.
But John kissed at his neck, his shoulder and chin. Nipping and tasting and trying to draw the sounds out of Sherlock, until Sherlock was gasping- deep heavy breaths tinted with pleasure.
- when John had returned. And for a long while, John was perfectly content with the idea that Sherlock was, in fact, indestructible, unkillable, and most of all, infallible.
"My parents would've been in attendance- "John's look of confusion quickly turned to frustration and disbelief as Sherlock continued- "at my funeral you keep imagining."
"Yes. I'm sure we've discussed this before. Really, John, do try to keep up."
.' It seemed like a great chasm divided them.
"John!" Sherlock gasped, breathing hard, pinned between two worlds.
John wished desperately that he could see Sherlock's face, could kiss his cheeks and eyes and lips. "Lift your leg- just a bit."
"But she's already in her second tri-- no sane doctor is going to abort a healthy baby in the second tri." But even as he said it, panic surged through him and he reached for his coat.
He shuddered as he pushed the memory away.
John pulled away, asking softly, "is this alright?"
"That's it. Imagine it's my hand. It's me touching you."
"Christ, John-" he gasped, finding John's mouth with his own and groaning into it. He could feel John trembling beside him, even as he pushed in deeper. He wanted so badly to arch his body, move against the swell of heat. But John held him still, twisting his fingers inside of him, pressing hot kisses to his eyes and cheek. Another strangled sob escaped him. "Oh, Christ- "
"You alright?" Panic laced John's voice as Sherlock's hand twisted the front fabric of John's shirt.
But with Sherlock... with Sherlock everything was infinitely more difficult. His kisses felt painful, laced with desperation and begging for forgiveness. John couldn't pull away. The difference between romance and love, and the folly of how he could've ever mistaken one for the other, was suddenly so painfully clear.
He couldn't go back to the apartment he shared with his lying wife. However, it was growing increasingly difficult to stay at B221 Baker Street. It held the same air of heaviness that had drove John from the flat when he thought he had witnessed Sherlock's suicide. The irony that he had nearly witnessed him die for a third time, only served as a painful reminder of just how incompetent he felt, and how desperately he needed Sherlock in his life.
"John?" Sherlock whispered his name like a secret.
Sherlock grunted as he was twisted and pushed, bracing himself against the wall, his right hand pressed against the window as John plunged his tongue into his mouth. The chill of the glass sending soothing shivers through his intensely hot core. Sherlock's left hand was pushing against John in a vain attempt to hide his arousal. But John was good- incredibly good.
"Hey, you-" John placed his bag down, moving to kiss Sherlock on the cheek.
John kissed the blush from his neck, and reached for the drawer, pulling out a small bottle of water based lubricant. He smiled softly, pouring some generously over his fingers, warming it before pressing his palm to Sherlock's shaft.
They were incredibly close. A quiet pause passed between them before John whispered, "your stitches may have pulled. Let me have a look." He cleared his throat around the last word, as he felt the small puff of Sherlock's breath across his cheek.
"and the bravest-" across his temple.
"I know," John groaned, feeling his own body grow rigid with impending release. "I've always known... god, I've always known."
He thought the burning in his chest would disappear when John's lips made contact, but the ache raged on, even as John reached up, parting his mouth and properly kissing him again. He followed John's lead, moving slowly and lingering at each contact their mouths made, his mind working quickly, memorizing every detail of the moment.
For a moment John said nothing, simply stared with his eyebrows raised high.
He waited for Sherlock to nod, and then shifted so that he was behind him, lineing himself up behind Sherlock and peppering kisses along the nape of his neck. He pushed himself in, groaning deeply, the warmth of Sherlock enveloping him. He felt Sherlock trembling hard, struggling to breath against the sharp burn at the base of his spine.
"I want this." He pressed another gentle kiss to Sherlock's lips. "Sherlock, I want this... And I want this to last."
"John, I am sorry."
John breathed in deep, shaking his head in anger. "No." He bit at the inside of his cheek to keep his voice steady. "Last night- no I don't-- I don't believe you. I don't-" He lowered his voice to his soldier's whisper. "Is it Moriarty? Is he listening? Do you--" he stopped talking, and raised his eyebrows, begging for confirmation.
"Married to your work?" John tried to keep his voice steady, anger and sadness fighting for dominance in his mind. "Married-"
Sherlock gasped, suddenly hyper aware of his own marred flesh. His thoughts pulling him back to the time and place where each one had occurred- beatings in London's underground, starving in the Russian tundra, and then the torture that followed his capture. It had taken all of his strength not to break. There were times when the beatings were so relentless, his only escape had been deep within his mind palace, clutching onto John's image. He had dreamt of John-
Finally John spoke, "what am I supposed to say to that, Sherlock?"
- and he had nearly let it happen.
Sherlock groaned deeply, throwing his head back as John pressed their erections against each other. John stroked them both, pumping from base to tip, slicking his palm with precum before sliding his hand back down over Sherlock's length.
"John..." Sherlock reached out, patting John's shoulder, floundering in his attempt to comfort, before gently swiping his thumb over John's cheekbone. John's eyes shot open, wet and intense. And for a singular moment it felt as though the chasm between them had shifted, and they were finally standing on even ground.
With trembling fingers John lifted the shirt from Sherlock's chest, pulling his own off in one quick fluid motion. He laid Sherlock down, climbing over his body and tasting his skin, dragging his teeth over collar bone and sucking hot red blooms of vessels across his chest. John looked up for just a moment, a silent question, before reaching down and removing Sherlock's thin sleep pants. And then John removed his own, crawling over Sherlock and pressing their bodies together.
But then, he heard the sound of John's footfall in the distance, climbing up the stairs two at a time. The door slammed shut behind him.
He breathed in and let out a trembling breath against John's mouth, his eyelids fluttering shut as John pressed another kiss to his top lip, lingering and sweet. He brought his hand up to John's face, brushing his thumb over the ridge of his cheekbone, his heart pounding fiercely as John ran his tongue against his bottom lip. He couldn't keep in the soft moan that slipped through his hitched breaths, and he felt John sigh against his mouth, before kissing him deeply once again.
John's smile alone would've been enough for Sherlock in that moment- brilliant and wide, creasing the skin around his eyes- it felt like the first time they'd met; when John still had faith in him.
A wave of realization washed over Sherlock. He looked down at his tea, "John, I- I didn't mean-"
"Right. Well. Isn't that brilliant? At least this time I'd know it's real, huh?" John huffed. He stared down at the city street and laughed bitterly, his heart clenching painfully. Sherlock had been standing in this very spot when Moriarty had first bombed their flat. When the first sickening realization struck him. When he began to let the idea sink in, that Sherlock was not entirely indestructible. Of course, Sherlock had been perfectly well-
"Right," John nodded, and they held hands as John lead them to the room.
He felt Sherlock writhe under his steady touch. As a doctor, he wouldn't fail here. He wanted to show him- prove to him just how well he knew the human body- and show him just how good he could make him feel. He watched the muscles twitch along his jaw, pressing his fingers in deep, slick with lubricant, and kissed the tear that slipped past Sherlock's tightly squeezed eyes.
For a moment John stood frozen in place.
"Christ, I need to stop-" John whispered.
Still, the silence stretched out between them. Sherlock grit his teeth against the need to breath. Holding his breath and tightening his hold on John's night shirt as he felt John's fingers slide along his collar, searing hot against his skin, moving gently upwards until they rested against the curve of his jaw. He gazed down at John, who's eyes were once again focused on Sherlock's hand--  his thumb stroking at the cloth.
Wasn't that what John had asked him, that first night he returned?  Sherlock had never told him why.
As he turned to walk away, Sherlock suppressed a shudder of pain, as a deep, intense heartache washed over him. And as his body strained with tension, his stitches pulled painfully against his flesh. He let out a startled gasp as he stumbled.
Sherlock let out another pained moan of desperation as his lips pressed harder against John's hand. But John pulled Sherlock to his mouth. He didn't want Sherlock to think about it because he didn't want to think about it. He just wanted to feel- feel Sherlock's tongue against his own and taste him. He wanted Sherlock's lean, long body. Wanted to feel him tremble and hear him moan and dig his fingers into his hips. John wanted to feel all the things he so desperately wished to feel when Sherlock was gone. Every part of Sherlock, John wanted. And now, the emptiness and sadness that dwelled in John's heart slowly ebbed away with each taste of Sherlock's mouth.
"Suit yourself," John shrugged his shoulders as he walked away. But moments later returned with two cups in hand.
And John kissed and kissed. He hadn't realized his desire for Sherlock ran so deep, each kiss awakening a deeper burn within him. He nearly cried out when he felt Sherlock pulling away from his body. He opened his eyes, holding firmly to Sherlock's face and pleading, "Sherlock, please, I-"
The room felt intensely quiet, save for the rain pattering against the window panes, and the sound of their mouths meeting and parting, slow and deliberate. Each touch spurring the next, the sound of it echoing through the quiet of the room. Sherlock's large hands moved, holding at John's neck, pulling him closer, his thumbs pressing at his jaw and turning him so their mouths were open and tasting.
But John held firmly to Sherlock's hip, pinning him against the wall, and growling the words against Sherlock's flushed neck, "Sherlock, careful or you'll pull at the stitches."
The seconds passed without a word and he blinked as the first of his tears fell, burning little tracks downs his cheek. He hesitated, the words caught in his throat before he was able to choke them out, "don't leave me again."
"Sherlock, please. Just shut up, stop being dramatic and look at me."
"I can't do it, John. The whole child and baggage thing." Sherlock lifted his chin in defiance. "I'm married to my work, you know that." Even as he spoke his body betrayed him, face wet and lips trembling.
"-Oh c'mon John, don't be so pedestrian! I've told you, I'm married to my work."
"You're going to have a baby," the words felt like gravel in his throat, "you have a fa- family. You have to go back. This- " he gestured between the two of them, "it- won't work out. It, um, it can't work out. Not for us."
Briefly John wondered, if Sherlock had ever touched himself to the thought of John. But somehow the thought seemed more foolish than arousing.
"In me," he heard Sherlock beg, "John, I want to feel you in me."
" 'course you do," Sherlock grit through his teeth. The words coming out harsher than he'd intended. The rain pelted the window with increased fervor, and through the dimming light Sherlock watched John's brow furrow. The aching pain was seeping back into his bones. The dull sadness twisting itself against his core until he felt he would cry out from it.
John buried his face against Sherlock's neck, his attempt at being sultry lost against the warmth of his flesh. "Tell me what you need."
How could he have thought any thing other than this? Sherlock has always ever been just a man. A fallible, broken, battle weary and desperate man.
"John," Sherlock's voice was barely above a whisper, his gaze focused on something unseen. "I don't know how to tell you. I never have... known how to tell you. But, it couldn't have been you..."
"You shouldn't stand for so long," John told him in a voice so quiet it could barely be heard over the rain. "You'll cause your body undue stress."
"Then lay me down."
Sherlock looked absolutely terrified. "What if I can't John? What if I lose, and I let you down again?"
"Then don't think it!" John cut in. He kissed Sherlock long and hard, wiping the tears from his redened cheeks.
"Yes," Sherlock gasped, pulling long, slow tugs, matching John's movements behind him.
Sherlock was sat at his chair, fingers pressed together under his chin, deep in thought.
He continued his slow movements, burying his face against Sherlock's neck and tasting the skin there. All Sherlock could do was reach behind him, scramble for purchase, and cling to John. There was no way he could've prepared himself for this- the utterly soul-consuming way John made love to him- and he struggled between cataloging each breath, each kiss, each sweat-slicked thrust or remaining present to
"But I'm a doctor…"John argued weakly. Sherlock would've laughed at the obviousness of the statement, had his mind not been so completely occupied with just trying to breath again.
A moment passed without John speaking.
In the grey light he could see John's pulse beating violently, the cords of his neck tight with tension. He chewed nervously at his lip as John's hand moved from his hip to the corner of his shirt, gently lifting the thin fabric and to examin the wound. John touched him softly, his fingers hovering over bruised flesh.
He turned his head against John's other hand, pressing another hot kiss to his palm, willing his emotions to be felt through touch alone.
"God, Sherlock," John panted, thrusting just a little harder, watching as Sherlock's dick bobbed and leaked. "Sherlock, touch yourself," he whispered against the nape of Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock had said the wrong thing, he was sure of it. He felt panic and regret blooming in his chest, as his mind reanalyzed John's words.
"It was a mistake," Sherlock replied simply. His voice was icy and cold, distracted by whatever case file he was working in his head.
John blinked away the stinging in his eyes when he heard his name whispered by the window.
"John- Fuck! John, am I-?"
Frustration and pain moved like a tide, bringing with it feelings John had fought so hard to bury. It just didn't seem fair, for Sherlock to be so sure of his choices, while he lost his footing with every step he took. But how could Sherlock know just how deep the wound ran? Sherlock-
John turned toward the window and sipped his tea quietly. Simply standing by Sherlock was enough to ease some of John's troubled thoughts. Still, John felt an anxiety like static in the air. Sherlock could feel it too. Thick and charged with words unspoken, hidden behind heavy tongues and heavier hearts. It angered Sherlock. He wasn't a man to be pitied, least of all from John.
His breath left a small puff of condensation on the cold window as he sighed and pulled his arm closer to his abdomen, cradling the deep gnawing sadness within him. And when Sherlock saw John's reflection through the glass, he watched. He watched as John's body went rigid, staring into the emptiness. His mind played the picture in John's imagination-
Sherlock, not setting the morning alarm is a
He could smell the faint aroma of John's shampoo. See the scattered grey in his hair against the dim red light. A tiny intake of breath, no more than a tremor, and then Sherlock knew- it seemed so suddenly obvious- John was going to kiss him. He groaned as John both pushed and pulled at him, closing his eyes and breathing in, wanting desperately to turn his head the fraction it would take to close the distance between them. But he waited, this was entirely up to John.
John's face twisted in utter confusion and in a final act of desperation he moved forward and pressed his lips to Sherlock's.
"Christ-" Sherlock gasped, reaching back for John.
"Fuck," he sighed finally, gently pulling out. "I'm sorry, I just-" He positioned himself over Sherlock, cradling Sherlock in one arm. He grabbed his chin, angling his jaw so that they were kissing deeply. And as Sherlock whimpered into his mouth, John moved his hand over Sherlock's, stroking Sherlock's cock and swallowing each breathy cry.
Sherlock trembled. He felt so close to the edge already, torn between feeling and cataloging. Every touch, every taste, every look from under heavy lidded eyes. Every detail stored away. The sound of John's breath between kisses, the way John shuddered as they pressed solid flesh against flesh- slow and deliberate. He strained to stay present, craning his neck to meet John's kisses, while simultaneously filing away the details. The way the light illuminated the tiny flecks of grey scattered in John's hair. The way John canted his body to the side, so as not to put pressure on Sherlock's wound. The way John leaned heavily on one arm- his uninjured arm. And then, the way flesh grew thin and stretched, pulled tight over a divot carved by lead and copper.
But Sherlock pulled away abruptly.
Sherlock did as instructed, and cried out at the intense, sudden rush of pleasure. John fit so deeply. His slow deliberate thrusts filling Sherlock with a low boiling heat that seemed to simmer through his veins.
"No, thank you," Sherlock replied, studying John's face.
"It's better than," Sherlock answered.
"John, in my drawer- top drawer- behind the papers- mpff-" he brought his arm over his mouth, cutting short his needy cry, his body trembling as John pulled the skin up tight and then back, dipping his thumb into the bead of precum he had milked and rubbing little circles over the head of Sherlock's penis.
Sherlock winced as he placed his cup on the window sill, his hands trembling from the small confession. Pangs of desire surged painfully in his chest and he turned away from John, focusing instead on the halo of mist surrounding a nearby streetlight. For a long while the only response was silence.
"John," Sherlock arched his back, groaning against the restraint of John's hand placed firmly on his hip, "god, John, please..." Sherlock was begging between the peppering of kisses and how could John deny him?
John had pulled back, patiently waiting, aware from the precise moment Sherlock had retreated into his mind palace. "Sherlock, come back. Stay with me, here," he spoke gently, pushing the brown curls from Sherlock's face.
"What's that you were saying?"
"So much more," John whispered, trying to hide the tremble of his voice. "So much more than I was willing to admit. More than I could comprehend. I've failed you in so many ways, Sherlock."
. Last night wasn't a mistake. Last night was-"
"She'll abort the baby, John. If you stay with me--" his face twisted with sadness. The cold mask fully slipped away. "She was here this morning. She told me she would."
"'m ok, John," Sherlock mumbled. He watched John's eyelashes flutter against his breath.
Sherlock remained silent and a slow dark curl of dread began to twist in John's stomach.
it all. It felt as though John were making love to him in two realms. It was a disadvantage he knew he would never recover from.
Maybe because it was dark, and the pain of his loss was still so raw, but John felt his heart aching in a way he hadn't felt before. He had always found it easy to be romantic with a woman. He'd press a kiss, one after the other, in a slow trail from breast to naval. He'd kiss their necks and whisper sweet nothings. And it meant nothing. It was easy, and the women would tell him how lovey of a lover he was.
"Oh, Christ, John," Sherlock panted, groaning and arching his body as John hooked his arm beneath Sherlock's leg.
His voice faltered around the words that followed. "Won't be waiting for a sign that never comes."
"You. Always... always you, John." He raised his hips again, only to be held firmly in place. He squirmed, breathing deep and trying to calm his burning nerves. "You're all I've needed. All that you've been willing to give... all you've ever given... It's always been enough-- Oh god!" He gasped as John bit the curve of pale flesh merging shoulder and neck, his tongue pressing hard to chase the pain away. "You, John. I need you."
John looked up at him then, his eyes steady and longing. If he were with a woman he would sweep her off her feet, bridal carry her to the bedroom, and crawl over her open body. But with Sherlock... He felt so out of his depths.
"That did happen, yes?" John repeated.
"Oh, John," Sherlock groaned rough and loud, flinching at the sound of his own voice. "I- I-" he bit his lip to quiet his desperate words.
Beside him John shifted, the lights of a passing car illuminating them both for a moment as he lifted his gaze to meet John's. The words sounded harsh as they left his parted lips. "Of everyone I stood a chance to lose, I couldn't have lost you."
"Yes, Sherlock, I'm here," John answered.
- who didn't feel things the way he felt them. But even as he thought them, the words felt wrong. Sherlock was no machine. Machines don't self sacrifice- not for men like him. Sherlock was no machine. He was flesh and blood and joy and disappointment and exhilaration and everything that made John's heart twist with longing. Machines aren't great men, and Sherlock was the greatest man he knew. He breathed in hard through his nose. He was flesh and blood... just flesh and blood and nearly gone once again.
"'m sorry," Sherlock half sobbed the words, "I'm sorry. I'm sorry I left you. I'm sorry I took so long."
"Please, tell me what going on," John whispered when Sherlock pressed their foreheads together. Tears were still steadily making their way down Sherlock's reddened cheeks, falling from his chin and soaking into his navy buttonup.
Sherlock wanted so desperately to kiss John, to taste the sounds of his pleasure. He rocked his hips back, feeling sticky, thick warmth filling him. Behind him John was clinging to him, breathing hard and pressing rough kisses against Sherlock's shoulder.
For a long while Sherlock didn't speak, until finally, "John you- you are a married man-"
"Oh, Sherlock. Didn't see you there." He pulled a strained smile across his face and leveled out his shoulders- his Soldier's stance. "Cuppa tea?" He asked, gesturing towards the kitchen.
John was left breathless. The sudden change leaving him dizzy and struggling for air.
"Ok, Sherlock. Ok," he whispered against his skin, pressing hot kisses against the curve of his neck.
"This- this is difficult for me," his voice cut across the silence, straining against the lump in his throat as he continued, "I wanted you back so badly, and I've made so many mistakes while you were gone."
"Good. You're doing so well," John soothed, keeping his lips against Sherlock's temple. "Can you lay on your side?"
"Oh." John breathed out, a sharp exhale. He didn't want to wait any longer.
He lowered his gaze, the weight of John's stare proving too much. "I am aware of how hypocritical that sounds, but it's the truth nonetheless. It's... it's the reason why- why I- Had they suspected for a moment... even for a moment... they would have-" he grit his teeth to keep the words at bay- "it couldn't have been you that I lost, John."
Sherlock's back was to us - an ordinary, suit-jacketed back.  "Ah, I have a signal," I heard him say.
“Of course, I want to go,” I said.
My eyebrows went way up.  “The knave of hearts?”
“Maybe I needed to remember its warning.”  John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s neck, drew the skin up between his teeth, released it slowly.  “Even with it before me, I reached for the impossible again.”  His mouth returned to Sherlock’s skin, tasted the sea water on it with his tongue.  “Is there no miracle you can work so you won't grieve when I die?”
All around the circle, other sparks flared into life and other voices took up the song.  As the flames grew stronger, all those encircling the pyre stepped back a pace or two and then several more.
In the west, the moon set.  The stars sparkled.
“It was all woods once.  You know that.  You saw them with your own eyes.  I really should have realised then,” Sherlock said.
More unusual.
"Sherlock," John called as he came down the stairs, "did you want anything to eat, I was thinking to order some Chinese."  John poked his head around the door.  "Sherlock?"
“John,” he murmured, when I gave us a moment to breath.
“I am convinced,” I said, opening the door.
My head spun.  I stumbled towards the threshold, reaching for the gate.  Through the doorway, I could see the moon high and clear in the sky above the roof gardens.  It raced away from me.
His piercing gaze stayed on me.  “Even the passage of Time, the dulling of wit, the allure of the trim ankle and the coy passing glance?”
I considered the dim light from the glowing orbs, glanced over my shoulder at the faint glow from the few stones left scattered in the hearth and back at Sherlock.  He’d said he was hot a few moments before.  “But the heat necessary for such a process would incinerate…”  My eyes rose to the ceiling.  “This whole house and you and me and everyone else in it.”
“Don’t you disappear,” he said, panting.  “I’ve tracked you down.”
“A bit further away than you would have been able to spot from the parapet,” he said.
“They’d just got your tray ready when the messages arrived.  Besides, they’d never forget to feed you.  Especially now.”
I loathed my bedsit and was enthralled by the Manor, the sooner I could transfer from the one to the other, the better, although I could certainly wait another day.
“Ms Swann will be approaching from the north.  Let’s aim for the southern side and observe her from across the water.”
The lioness loosened her grip on the dog.
I walked faster, eased my fingers into the lavender light and pushed the wall open far enough to peek into the room.
“Never mind,” John replied.  “Her Prince has some good moves.  We could have used that walking-on-water trick on some of our chases.  I don’t see any sign of the guy from the bridge and the Tube though.”
“Take it with you,” he said.  “I usually keep my violin nearby.  If you’re going to play, you should have it to hand.”
“To put it mildly.  “But, I didn't twig at the ball either."
I shook my head.  “I am more tired than I realised.  It's straight to bed for me, I think.”  I took a step along the hall then turned back.  Holmes was watching me.  I nodded at him, and after an instant, he nodded in answer and I resumed the journey to my room.
Archie jumped down, began searching the ground at the edge of the road.  Charlie joined him, humming as ever.
Sherlock stopped scrolling and looked at John.  “You work hard at hiding that jealous streak of yours.”
They nodded at one another.
“Did you get anything?” I asked, picking up a couple more broadsheets.
John swung a leg athwart Sherlock’s hips, pressed his smooth groin against Sherlock’s curly one.  Hips rose to meet him.  A sinewy arm wound across his back.  The hips thrust higher, one shoulder, too. John looked up at the pale face that was now above him.
John sneezed.
“I didn’t know this could happen."  His hand hovered above the scored flesh, his eyes measuring each perfect angle, the length of every exact line.  "How could this have happened?”  He bent closer, his breath cool on the healing skin.   “I am so sorry...although...it may have been this that saved my life.”
True, and who knows how Sherlock might unlock things.
may be listened to
There was a loud rustling in the underbrush to my left.  A stag broke cover and leapt away under the trees.
Yeah.
I stayed well away from the edges of the bridge as there were no railings, but I could see that there were flowers growing along the moat's banks and ducks swimming in it.  A deep breath affirmed that the air lacked the stench usually associated with moats.
He laughed.  “We do go round and round, don’t we, John?”
John stared.
We both set to gathering.
Sherlock slipped his arm through John’s and resumed his journey west.  “I believe you are irate, Doctor Watson.”
“I wasn’t napping,” Sherlock protested as they passed the statue of Peter Pan.  He looked to the other side of the path where people were feeding the waterfowl and the pigeons.
“You finished,” I said.
“I might have been impaled on a tree branch this morning rather than comfortable in my bed,” I added.
With my lips, I took it, my gaze fixed on him.  He daubed with a fingertip at the corner of his mouth as though there might be a fleck of fruit there, then reached out and touched my lower lip.
She took it, her hand dropping as though it was too heavy for her.  The light refracting through her jewels shivered along the floor and walls.  “I’ll keep it safe.”  It disappeared beneath her cloak.  She glanced back at me.  “Go, care for your betrothed, Sherlock.  He spilt more of his blood than he should have.”
“Not yet, you haven't,” a voice taunted him from his left.
“Hmm.  How does a medium fit into this scenario?  Do they want one, or both, of their parents to haunt the ungentlemanly nephew or the silent older sister?”
My hands were less full now.  I didn’t need both hands to hold them, but I didn’t shift those left to one hand.  I opened my mouth and waited for him to select another berry and bring it to my lips.
An oar scraped lightly against a rough surface.  We turned into a narrow channel.  A ruddy glow revealed the outlines of a small wooden building by the water.  We sped past it.
Breath regained, I straightened up and paused.
To sup with the Queen
When the musicians rested, the designs faded away.
“You like it, then?” Mike asked.
“More ordinary than this,” I said aloud and stood.
I felt his muscles shift, his fingers brushed between my thighs, closed around my balls.
“Yes.  Why…”
Sherlock still had his back to her, taking his time tucking his bow away and closing the violin case.
His nod was curt.  “So, do you dance?”
Not me.
“There’s another pair for the thighs, but it’ll be easier to tie them when you’re standing again.”
I conducted a self-examination before my shower.  That I had ejaculated was an understatement.  It almost seemed as though I had done so twice.  I even used a hand mirror.  There was dry semen everywhere, but my muscle was unstretched.  Perhaps it was an odd thing to do, but the dream had been powerful in its sensations.  It appeared that lavender had a hallucinogenic effect on me and an aphrodisiacal one as well.  I lathered and shampooed in the fragrance.
I closed my eyes and felt the faint tingle that followed Sherlock’s fingertips brushing to and fro across my shoulders.
A moment passed.  I felt his hand in my hair.
“He was away for weeks after that visit to Summer and none of us knew where he'd gone.  Mycroft finally found him on his island and talked him into coming home.  He did, after a few more days.  It took Wiggins three trips to get all the baskets and jars down to the apothecary.  We didn't need to top up our poisons for years.”
I was not able to see much beyond the railing of the balcony, but I could sense the size of the room from the way it swallowed the sounds of our entry.
I glared daggers since I couldn’t throw them and ground my teeth.
I doubted Sherlock was taking kindly to all the disruption.
“Find anything?” I asked as I put various scraps of paper and card back in the recycling sack, tied it shut and washed my hands in the kitchen sink.
Sherlock smiled.  He likes convincing me of things.
The contrast often leaves me speechless.  The erudite scientist and the adept…what?    Sorcerer?  Alchemist?  Vampire?
She opened her jaws.  Her fangs gleamed in the moonlight.  She closed them on the edge of the branch and shook her head from side to side.
Sherlock spread dark wings.  “Not only saw, but recognised.  I know what wood produces that type of soot and I can smell which hearths have burned it.  Puck won’t have gone far, he’s always worried he’ll miss something if he’s away too long.”  Sherlock rose above the roots.  “You’re going to owe me for this one, Mycroft.”
“And the basilic vein at the axilla,” Sherlock said.  “Yes, why crowd the entry points together when you have the whole arm to work with.”
“Tall, slim, dark curly hair,” I said.
“Them?” I asked, hoping neither was one of my rivals.
filled the room.
A shadow passed over me.
“…Right.  I just…I need a moment to figure out what I’m going to do,” the shadow of Sherlock said on the screen.
I rubbed my shoulder and smiled.  I had rowed for miles as Sherlock sat, back to me, singing, while the creature followed his song east near enough to the mouth of the Thames for it to manage to find its own way out to sea.  Thankfully, we could use the motor on the way back without scaring any skittish sea serpents.
Greg raised an eyebrow at me and shrugged his shoulders.
I watched the nimble movement of his fingers, glanced at the neutral expression on his face and thought it would be a losing proposition to play poker with him.
Doesn’t matter.  He has what he needs.
I sighed.  “I know.  I was just hoping to find the key.”
I did and, as though a breeze had found its way inside of it, my shirt ballooned out and drifted off over my head.  I watched it float to the empty basket by my bench and fall in.
One of my medical journals is still on the sofa cushion.  I had set it aside when Violet Waverly rang our doorbell with her conundrum.
I scowled now.
“But I’ve been, well not through that mirror, but through other places,” I said.
He raised an eyebrow at her.
“You wished to live,” she stated.  “That’s quite a different thing.  If you’d wished to be anywhere else, Sherlock would have brought you home – here, right then.”
“I did,” Corvus replied.  “Despite the delicacy of posing such questions, I persevered.  Considering the condition in which I found my friend and from what I understood of his sister’s health, I felt those duties might fall to me far sooner than I would wish, and therefore, I would need to know particulars.”
The dean sighed.  “The two so close together.”  He shook his head.  “I did not realise you knew the Ushers.”  He looked from Sherlock to me when there was no immediate reply.
Two streaks of green flew across the path in front of them.
and many movements in his dance, especially the beginning, are based on
“Mention it to Sherlock when he’s back,” she said.  “He used to get up to all sorts of mischief down there when he was a boy and come back covered head to toe with soot.  My grandmother used to write to complain of it, but she didn't really mind.  She rather doted on him.”
his doctor.  Why can’t I think?
“And in what way does this pertain to you?” Sherlock enquired, all vestiges of drowsiness disappearing from his voice.
“Shall I get you the morphine now?” I asked.
Out of the corner of my eye, something gleamed.  Sherlock had drawn his dagger, the twin to mine.
Sherlock turned on the branch.  Velvety black wings tipped in white hid most of his form when he faced his brother again.
“I don't follow,” John complained.
I swallowed.  “There are wolves and bears in these woods, aren’t there?” I whispered to Sherlock.
He was more than a bit not good.
Oh, yes, it is.
“The top of Parliament Hill, long before there was a Parliament to see,” I replied, confident of my answer.  “So why were the trees cleared in this direction?”
The spinning stopped.
Every hair on my body stood up.
I glanced back.
A large, black swan was swimming away from them in the middle of the river.
“Here,” Sherlock announced, pointing.
I swivelled my wrist to and fro.  “You made these while I was asleep?”
Along with the music, which sounded eerily like wind through bare branches, the chatter around us rose like a chorus of crickets and I felt a strange conflict between the satin and mirrors I saw and the perceptions of my other senses.  The spring beneath my feet had the feel of a carpet of needles on a forest floor rather than the parquet of a ballroom and the scent of the climbing roses from our balcony seemed to be all I could smell.
“Maybe mother knew what it was,” I suggested.
It was a lustrous pearl of silvery grey.
He was kneading my arse and it was bloody distracting.  “Are you doing that deliberately?”
“Pity about the tunic,” I mumbled.
The thought of anaphylactic shock crossed John’s mind.  Some remembrance of the danger of asking mythic beings to appear in their true form was in there, too.
I thought the thickness of his coat must be a distinct advantage with such a pet and noticed the band was gone from her leg.
I glanced towards the oak.
“I’ve never been out that way,” I said.  Not to mention I had no idea how to regulate when it was on the other side when I stepped through.
A little.
“Madame Willow asked for silence while she sought out Agnes’s advice.  I didn’t know where to rest my gaze.  The Morrows looked so expectant, it was painful.  Madame Willow sat with her eyes closed, her brow mildly furrowed.  The other women at the table all had glistening eyes.  Once again, I felt compelled to leave and take Mary and her friend with me, willing or no, but I held fire.  It wasn’t my decision to make.  At least not until something more unambiguously outrageous occurred.
Sherlock was blinking at the paper in his hand, then his fingers closed around it.  He looked over at John. “Shall we?” he said and shoved the hand clutching the paper into his pocket.
He adjusted the flame beneath the glass and turned to me.  His eyes flickered from my face to the envelope in my hands and back again.  He held up his stained fingers.  “If you would be so good as to open it and read it out to me, John,” he said, “I can keep my eye on this.”  He pointed at the burner.  “It needs watching.”  With that, he turned back towards the table, but there had been in his glance something I could not identify.  Holmes likes to charge his words with more than one meaning.  The efficiency appeals to him.
“Yes, very dull,” I replied.
He pushed it and my dressing gown off my shoulders.
“Turn around,” he whispered, “and we’ll both have a good view.”
I almost asked him, but the door was open and he through it before I could speak, so I followed him out to the edge of the roof.  After that, I lost my words for a while.
I heard Mycroft draw in a breath; he took a step closer.
“Yes, sir,” he whispered and leaned a little nearer.  “The woods seem darker than I remember.”
“Ideal for evening soothers.”  I took a sip of tea.
I slowed down enough to think about which of the two remaining packages to open next, because opening them all was definitely my plan.  I was fairly sure what the wide, thin parcel contained, but I set the package above it carefully aside and pulled the plain, brown wrapping paper apart with a touch more decorum.  Four sketch books lay across the top of a large pad of bristol which covered much of an even larger one beneath it.  I wiped my hand on my shirt and lifted the cover of one, ran my fingertip over the fine grain of the surface near the bottom edge.
“Some of these are poisonous, aren’t they?”
My eyes flickered towards Holmes.  He is not keen to repeat himself and he had as much as said that we had.  Instead of impatience, however, I saw that Holmes was profoundly still.  It was for me, then, to begin; Holmes wished to observe.
“Well, that was a waste of our time,” Sherlock said as the cab pulled away from the National Antiquities Museum.  “Rule of thumb, halve Lestrade’s estimates of the complexity of a case.”
I inhaled suddenly and began tearing at the buttons of my shirt.  My fingers were shaking, but I succeeded in undoing them and pulled the cloth aside.
His eyes flashed over me, lingering a little below the waist.  “You’ve had the invitation, I see.  And a fitting.  What do you think?”
I closed my elbow around a post, felt the pull on Sherlock’s coat increasing, more weight suspended from it.  I guessed that Sherlock was holding on to the sack rather than using either of his hands to catch the door frame.  I felt among the folds of his coat for his waist, a leg, anything onto which I could hold more securely.
I don’t know.
The hint of a smile brightened his face.
Sherlock ignored the question.  “Lost interest in the contents of the box, then?” Sherlock said, taking it from his pocket and juggling it between his hands.  “I could toss it in the lake.”  He twisted in his seat and took aim.
Despite the temporary refreshment of my shower, my fatigue had obviously reached the stage where my senses were not to be trusted.  I retreated inside, shut the door gently as though it might be thought rude to withdraw before...
"She didn’t chatter once we got here."
But when they arrived, the sun had come out and the sun had changed everything.  Their grandmother had been waiting at the door when the taxi reached the end of the lane.  She had kissed and fussed over him and Harry as their cases were put down and the driver paid, then she had hugged their Mother for a long time.  Grandfather had come round from the garden and spirited them away.  It must have rained at night, because the flowers did not wilt, but the days had been sunnier than any other summer he could remember and there had been clouds of butterflies.  He and Harry had chased them, with their grandfather’s net sometimes, sometimes with their bare hands waving above their heads as though they would take to the air as well.  There had been blue ones and yellow ones, white ones and orange, like flying flowers flitting over the garden, out into the fields and across the stream, always eluding them.  Except for the velvety black one that had seemed to wait for him atop the hedge.
Our torch was burning low.  I adjusted my hold on it and lost my night vision again.
“Whereas Ms Camera Lady is gazing at Ms Swann,” Sherlock said.
I snorted.  “I felt your skin against my fingertips for years.”
“He was rather flushed,” Sherlock conceded, “but when they found the first three items missing, you would have thought they would have noticed a trend.”
I tilted my head towards the river.  “So, is that a traditional thing?  A sacrifice to the river?”
My muscles didn’t work.
“Door burnt my hand,” I said, holding up my left hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s optional,” he said.
A bundle of branches sailed over my head.
“Doctor Watson?”
My arm flew out to the side, over the top of the cushions, fingers scrabbling at the wall.  I felt a need to hang on.
“Meredith boxed everything up and went to Australia to visit a cousin shortly after the funeral.  I have a feeling she won’t be coming back, but she could.  Her old rooms are empty.  She was the last of the musicians, you see.  She’d give me pointers on my playing.  She plays like an angel, although it was Dr Hooper’s first wife who taught me how to play the harp.  She died in a motor accident down on Marylebone Road, but that was after we had moved away.  I still hear her voice if I pluck a wrong note,” Mrs Hudson added.
The man took off his cap, smoothed his hair back, set the cap back on his head and stepped onto the lawn.  The hair that hung down his back was heavy and thick, but the breeze had picked up.  It ruffled the edges.
“Yes, I’m sure and so are you.  Why else did you move Neverland downstairs?” John asked.
Sherlock fell to his knees.
The voice sounded deeper than John remembered.  He scowled, looked up slowly from beneath his furrowed brows.
The dark wood rippled like water.  A shark-like creature skimmed below its surface, soundless and huge.   I felt the thud of its impact shiver through our boat.  Water sluiced from the hump of its silvery back as it turned to ram us again.  I saw its empty eye.  I aimed low.
I shook my head.  “I have to stop telling you things with my fists...”  I raised a hand to his side and felt him flinch.  Cracked rib.  I let my hand fall.  “…oh god...and my feet.”  My shoulders shook.
Down the music swooped and Sherlock leaned forward with it, over the edge of the balustrade, eyes closed, his bow a blur across the strings.
Weren’t you just urging me to learn a song?  It's a probationary period; one wants to put one’s best foot forward.  Can’t you just shut up for a bit?
He woofed gently and tossed his head.
Holmes returned from the hall and took his seat across from me.  “And the theatre?”
“Out-bled them, too.”  My head was still a bit light from it, but I managed to shift enough to put the feather deep into one of my pockets.  That accomplished, I let my head fall back against Sherlock’s shoulder and returned my attention to the spectacle of leave-taking.
"Shh.  I need to listen," he interrupted.
John took a step away and played a very low note.
“In harmony,” I said rather facilely.
“He wasn’t there?”
His eyes locked with mine.  “Me, too, John.”
My host pointed to a stool by a smoking brazier and I sat.  He added a small log to it and left me.
Mrs Hudson tapped on the half-closed library door.  “Woo-hoo,” she called as she came in.  “Sherlock, what have you done with your phone?”
The music diminished to a hum.  A soloist sang, high and plaintive.  A chorus answered her, low and fierce.
The swan rubbed his head against his feathers.  He missed the days when he and his parents swam the waters around the island to all the places where the best plants grew.  It was here that they had taught him how to fly when his wings were large and strong enough.  And here, he had risen out of the water and thrashed his wings just like his parents to warn off other swans who tried to land on their part of the river.  Such interlopers had always left in haste, sometimes without a few of their feathers.  His parents were large birds and he had been pleased that he was getting to be nearly as big as they were and could help chase intruders away.  But, he wasn't to chase the boy with the red feathers on his head nor the one with the black feathers who came with him.  They were his cousins.
She was far younger than Mrs Turner and I couldn’t see a family resemblance, but not all siblings have that.
“But you have a theory about this,” Holmes said.
"Is that a pier?" I asked.
“Yes,” he said, the tone of his voice deeper.  “It’s like that, only there will be others watching and we’ll be vertical the whole time.”
The light grew brighter still.  I gazed upwards again and found a full moon beaming upon us.
The folds of his cloak shifted and his curls moved as though a breeze were ruffling them.  He’d narrowed his eyes at his brother.
“Jean-Pierre didn’t want to deprive Lestrade of my skills if I was in the midst of working on one of his cases,” Sherlock explained.
Wiggins appeared kneeling by my side.
“I went ‘round and collected them,” I explained.  “You’d paid for them, why leave them behind?  Who knows what use he might have made of them.  Even if he wasn’t a murderer, he mightn’t have been averse to making a pound or two by selling them.”
Perhaps the dream wouldn’t go.
I winced.
“Llandin,” Sherlock murmured.
“I left it in the lab, I think,” he said from where he leaned over my shoulder, reading the notes I was typing up on my research.
The moth moved, its legs tickling across his skin.  It bored into the flesh between John’s fingers.  Each sting sent a tingling sensation into his muscles, up to his fingertips and down to his arm.
She picked up the next pot which shone like a little sun in the lamplight.  “Now, this is a big favourite of mine, but not for general cooking.  I’ve got ones lined with tin for that, but for elixirs and potions with a poisonous component to them, copper is often the pot you want.  It enhances the potency of the poisonous ingredients or if your potion is to ward off poisons, it will enhance that effect as well.  Hair of the dog, as it were.”
He traced a line down my back with his knuckles.
.  We can assume that some of the words that we know would have been changed to suit a celebration of the solstice.  The same is true for
Puck leapt to his feet and bowed.  “That is a new feather that I collected myself.”
No.  One or two back.
My gaze shifted.
“This was the letter waiting for me when I reached London,” Corvus said, holding the letter out and looking at Holmes.
I set my wine glass aside and hoped that he would name something I could in good conscience do, because I wanted very much to successfully complete that probation.
The Douglas in his hall?
“Do you know what the popular name of the sculpture alludes to, Sherlock?”
I looked about.
In front of me, the glassware on the workbench glinted in the light from the hall.  Bunches of dried plants hung from a beam above the workbench, the scents from their faded flowers strong in the closed room.  The wall, from which the workbench was carved, was solid and dark.
At the light's limit, I stretched out my hand.  It disappeared before me and the tips of my fingers tingled with the cold of it.  I pressed forward, arms out to either side, hands waving gently in the air to hopefully strike a post it I strayed too near the edge.  I could not hear the water nor the rumble of the cartwheels any longer.
Oh, he tasted like lavender.
“Is it something dangerous the bells are summoning us to?” I asked when it, too, had faded away.
Mrs Turner reached out and ruffled Kit’s hair.  “We took care of that,” she said.  “She was sleek and well-healed in no time.”  She glanced at the floor.  “Make sure you clean up after her.”
“That’s what Madame Willow said. ‘He's not here.’”
“I agree to remain…” I almost had said ‘on base’.  “…for an entire month and to be mindful of your experiments.”
Holmes glanced up.  His eyes, too, had become bluer as we journeyed south.  “I think you know the answer to that.”
Where the tree’s roots lay, where its crown rested were equally obscured by the shadows, but the trunk and two main branches nearly as thick had missed crushing us by the length of a few strides.
“Are you certain you’re okay?” she asked.
If I wasn’t certain that I was not supposed to stab this man to death in the middle of the dance floor, he would have been dead or I would have been for making the attempt.
“Faster,” he urged, the word loud in her head.
“Gypsum, selenite…it has different names.  Waterstone might be the one that appeals to the poet in you,” he said.
“Yes, it does,” I said, setting down my silverware.
"Re...what!" I said, sitting up, eyes opening wide.  "Where?" I asked, scanning the room.
I grew very calm.  “Have you lost that much blood?” I asked.  His clothes did not reveal that level of bleeding.  “Were you unconscious?”
He shook his head.  “The words wouldn’t stick in my head.  I’d shove them in and they’d just melt away.”
My eyes flicked in every direction.
I glanced behind me.  Mr Holmes was crouched now on the opposite side of the room, sliding shallow drawers in and out.
The meadow grass was soft and cool beneath my bare feet.  I passed the log on which the faun should have been seated with barely a sideways glance.
I looked again at the bolted door; the carved vines around the bolt rustling as though in a breeze.  I glanced back at the door to the front hallway; its stained glass bright.  My eyes flicked to the right wall; a couple umbrellas were all that hung on its pegs.  I checked the mirror to my left.
“I was running an errand round the corner and thought I’d come by and say hello,” she said.
Holmes settled into his chair.
“To you, perhaps,” Lord Holmes conceded.
“You don’t seem very frightening,” I replied.
I stepped over the flattened section of the low railing that divided the grass from the walkway and ran my hand along the edge of the long tear.  It had hurt.
I remembered a carpet of ancient trees.  “The parapet outside the roof garden is above us?”
I thought it would be out the front door where things would change.
“Yes, yes, I’m fine,” I assured her.  “It’s been a long while since I’ve had a proper massage.”
I raised my eyebrows.  “You look different from the floor.”
I waved the newspaper a bit.  “If we are to believe this fellow, they were much more than baubles.  They were works of art, historical artefacts.”
“You know, the guy with the jet black hair down to here,” Alan said, touching his hand to his waist.”  I saw them from the towpath one day when they were out on the balcony.  It was too far for introductions.  We just waved.  Later, Madeleine told me he was her new assistant.”  Alan looked out the balcony doors.  “It’s lovely to face the water.  My flat overlooks the road.”  He grimaced.  “Not the same at all.”
His hands appeared either side of my head, his fingers in my hair, undoing the work of my comb.
I stared for a moment at him and his beautiful proportions.  He looked back at me, standing still as a statue with the water sluicing over him, except that statues do not grow red and purple bruises across their perfect skin.
And I knew the answer.  “It will work.”
Sherlock tapped his fingers against his chin.  “Yes,” he said.
“Would you like me to play for you?” John asked.
“You jumped on, too, and you were a couple steps behind me, and have shorter legs,” Sherlock slid his knee higher.
“I’ll be fine here by the fire,” I said, loosening my cravat.
In a moment alone, I had asked why none were introduced.
I stopped moving for a moment.  “Right.  So, you tried to track down a copy you could buy and failed.”  I resumed peeling a slightly damp layer of newspaper from my bundle, and dropped it in the recycling bag when I managed to get it all off.  From the corner of my eye, I saw Sherlock’s back stiffen.
John concluded that Sherlock was inclined to take her case, and not only to relieve the tedium.  He doubted Sherlock would let Ms Swann know that right away though and John was right.
I took a shuddering breath and let go of one branch.  I’d unlace my bloody boots and climb in my stockinged feet if I had to.
I finished the biscuits, plate carefully under my chin then the tea then the fruit almost without pausing for breath.  I got up and made myself another cup of tea, wished there was more food and wondered if “stepping through” was what I thought it was.
I checked the water again to see if Fucker was going to pop out of it, applauding his own performance.
His eyes were on my hands.  “Not really.  The books disappeared from the warehouse where they were stored before they could be seized by the authorities.  Shortly thereafter, the publisher sold his business and retired to France.”
She looked me right in the eye.  “You tell me,” she said.
All around us a great hissing sound rose.
“Madame Willow had not touched the gun again, but she closed her eyes as before, her frown deeper this time.  She bit her lip at one point and her eyes squeezed more tightly shut.  She let out a long sigh when she opened them.
John shifted his gaze to the keyboard over which there were two framed pictures: a line drawing of three animals merging together and a black and white photograph of a child in a feathery ballet costume.  John guessed that the latter was Ms Swann as a little ballerina.
Further back I bent.  My head touched the ground, my shoulders, my legs.
"John."
Sherlock caught his eye.
“John,” he said, rising from his seat.  “Get your materials.  It is time to put the pieces together.
My stomach grumbled and the banks of the Nile shimmered away.  “Breakfast, I think.”
The smell of cooking came first, the distinctive aroma of grease dripping onto an open fire.  My stomach found that interesting enough to make its own growling sound.
“A brother to yours,” Sherlock said, gaze fixed on it.  “I gave it to him when we were children.  It was one of the first I made.”
“Not really,” I said.  “I used to listen to a neighbour when I was doing schoolwork.  One day she was in her garden and I told her how beautiful I found the music and asked if she could teach me.  I’d only had a few lessons when we moved away.”
I followed and stood next to him.
I did not think I had been bold enough to express that wish aloud, but I could have been wrong.
His eyes gleamed in the firelight.  He closed them slowly.
As well as the paths and shrubs allowed, I was fairly sure I was meandering roughly parallel to Melcombe Street.  The light grew brighter as the moon rose higher and I spied a gate in the perimeter wall.  A jasmine vine climbed over the rounded arch above the gate and three small steps led up to it.  I wondered if there was a terrace outside the walls or a fire escape.  I had no detailed memories of the buildings around the corner, my journeys in the area usually starting from the station and heading towards the park.  I was on the top step in a moment, more than a little surprised at the intensity of my curiosity.  The door possessed an oval peephole, but the mesh covering it was so closely woven that it yielded nothing to my enquiring eye.  I tried the handle and smiled as a latch gave way.  I pushed against the swollen wood and the door swung open.
“I changed it to gold for you.”
“The fire will be lit at moonrise,” he whispered.
I contemplated Sherlock's face.  His head was tilted slightly to the side as though he were indeed listening.
I heard voices.
“That's about the extent of my musical talent.”
“Not then, there weren’t.  There was the poor house.”
The phrasing of the stipulation was unusual, but the import of it was not one that was strange to me.  In the military, I certainly had not been free to come and go as I pleased.  At times, it had even been a convenient excuse, although there had been occasions when it had been a hardship.  Nevertheless, I had worked around such limitations for years, a month should not be a problem for me and only a lunar month at that.
I looked to Sherlock.
“Better?” he asked as he leaned over me and nipped at my neck.
John jotted a few words in the notebook.  He recognised the wistfulness in her voice.  That was how he felt when he got back to Baker Street and Sherlock was out.
I stumbled.  Down onto my knees I went, hand out to break my fall.
“Pan pipes,” I said, drawing them out.
John tucked the hand under his chin.  “So what happened?”
The radio stopped playing.
Upon Sherlock's return, there are many things to explain and explore.
Sherlock buzzed and peered in multiple directions simultaneously.  “Yes,” he said, waving a leg and staring at the blur that sounded like Mycroft.  “What am I?”
“Some.”
“No,” Mike admitted, setting down his pint.  “Is it awful?”  He spread his hands on the table.  “The location’s great, the rent sounded like it could work with your budget and Mrs Hudson told me about it a couple hours before I saw you in the park.  It seemed like serendipity.”
He had turned away from the room, but he shook his head only slightly and smiled.  I saw no humour in his eyes.  We could be observed no matter which way we turned.
“Oh,” Mrs Hudson said, her hand plucking at her collar.
“Archie saw your branch in the kitchen and wants to take a couple cuttings from it, to root them.  He’d like to plant them either side of the river stairs.  Their roots help shore up the banks.  He asked her to ask you about it.”
Sherlock nodded.  “Lǎng gave it to me.  It’s his elder daughter, Zhen, performing, when she was still a student.  She teaches ‘round the corner at RAM now.”
Wrong direction anyway.
Sherlock squeezed John’s arm.  “On the bridge.  Is that the fellow you followed?”
I glanced away from my task.
“Neither, although we do have an arrangement.”
I turned slightly to look at him as he sat with the light of the stage reflected on his pale visage.
I glanced at the massive oak door.  It was firmly shut.  I had neither heard it open nor close.
“Why didn’t you come for me before then?” I asked.
The cage slid past panelled walls then brick.  “They look pre-historic,” I said.
“Oh, I had my lunch already, but I’ll bring my tea up and have dessert with you later.  I made fresh ice cream,” she said and tapped a cover she had not lifted yet.  “Mains in there and afterwards I’ll take you around more of the house.  Sherlock asked me to do that before he dashed off.”
My forefinger was aloft again.  “You think so little of me, Holmes?”
There was a roar from the other side of the path, then a low, deep growl.
She raised her hand high and waved back.
I nodded before upending my goblet.  I reached out for hers.  "Top up?” I asked.
“Oh, no worries.  Doctor Watson, I can take you out this way,” she said, taking the case and pointing with it into the gloom.
with the precision of a surgeon.
(See the end of the chapter for
I bounded across the room, hopping over an ottoman or two.
The legends that clung to the ordinary building before me included vengeful ghosts and seductive witches, mad scientists and monsters, werewolves and warlocks, vampires and savage beasts and those were just the stories
Sherlock changed the angle of his body, gliding in an increasingly tight circle.  Over his shoulder, John saw a distant line of faint grey light.
The night grew quieter.  The halos of the streetlamps on the bridge seemed farther away as the lighted windows and portholes along the canal winked out.  A faint breeze tumbled dried leaves along the towpath, whispering as they went.  A fox rustled through the bushes.  A cat jumped down to the path from one of the boats and trotted away.
She leaned back on the sofa.  “Juniper.”  She nodded to herself.  “It’s in the wine, too.  We have to keep track of which things affect you that way.”
I had not seen him take the violin up, didn’t know if it had been in a case or lying out somewhere, but now it was against his shoulder and he swayed with the song he called forth from it, the song I had been humming.  I sat on the bench, embracing the harp in my lap and closed my eyes to listen.  Images rose before my mind’s eye, landscapes traversed by soldiers in uniforms unknown mixed with flashes of faces from my own past.  I started to sing softly.
“No, the child was here in London until Roderick died,” he said.
Mike patted his stomach.  “I know what you mean.”
“Garters?  Seriously?”  I was going to say more when the image of Sherlock’s long legs in similar attire rose before my mind’s eye.
Right.  Hopefully, no more skirmishes being fought down the slope there.
The woodwinds wailed as the musicians followed out the doors.
The finest face and the neatest hands,
My eyes squeezed shut and I grimaced with the pain.  I heard my words again.
“…yet,” I finished aloud.  I bit the inside of my lip.
It was very dark.  The moon had set and between the clouds, I could see stars.  I coughed.
He smiled.  “Good,” he said, “I like when you are near.”
“Not everyone is as skilful at searching as you are.  It might have taken him weeks,” I said, "if he succeeded at all."
I was not going to argue with that.
“Is this why you came to me in fire?” he asked.
Greg looked relieved to see us.  “What do you make of the photos?”
That summer had been strange.  They had gone down early to visit their grandparents.  Father had not come with them.  Mother had been quiet on the train.  He and Harry had squabbled.  Mother had stood up and moved to another seat without saying a word.  That had got their attention.  She had not even looked at them.  He and Harry had fallen silent and the grey-green countryside had rolled past.
And yet, below the apparent languor of a long night drawing to a close, there thrummed an energy, a taut wire of expectation that encircled the crowd.  Whispers stopped as we danced past, and, as the moon over the river approached the treetops, more and more bright eyes were turned upon us.
I realised then that I’d asked him if his gifts were tat.
“Yours?” I said, brows rising.  I should no longer be surprised; Sherlock has helped people in the most unexpected places.
“Soon.”
I didn’t miss a beat, even stepping up the little stairs and over the threshold of the central doors.
"Everything will be replaced," he said.
“One of yours?” Sherlock asked.
I nodded.  There had always been places that called to me or that I regretted having to leave.  “There was a wood behind my grandparents’ house.  When we visited, I would spend all day there if the weather was dry, and sometimes when it wasn’t.  I never really wanted to go home.  I figured it was just because home was often not such a great place to be.”
John answered with his hand at the base of Sherlock’s cock, squeezing once and sliding higher.
John snorted.  “Clearly.”  He smoothed his hand down Sherlock’s spine, over the silk and back to the warm skin of his neck.  “Now I’m afraid you’ll go off alone someplace to prove you're clever and I won’t be able to reach you.”
We’ll see who has the last laugh tonight, you jingling fucker.
“I did, when I first spotted it, which is why I took the whole box.”
It had been a gleam that had caught Holmes’ eye.  He had plunged down the embankment that bordered the lane and peered into the butterbur by the edge of the stream at its bottom.   After a less precipitous descent, I had joined him.  He had held up the dagger and grinned at me, pushing away the hair that had fallen into his eyes and smearing muck across his face in the process.  The steel blade had glittered in the sunlight as he turned it to read the inscription around the ornate hilt.
I turned to look at him.  “We’re talking geological time now.”
I dropped it onto the palm of my other hand.  Felt for the balance.  It wasn’t like mine.  It wouldn’t throw true.  I gripped the hilt.  It didn’t fit to my left hand either.
I felt that we should do many things.
Branches creaked, twigs rained down on us and a huge shadow arched over our heads, landing in the underbrush.  There were yelps, and thuds, a crunch of bones, one howl of pain and then another.
John nodded.
“Did you follow him?”
“Water damage?” I asked.
I took a deep breath of lavender and my muscles went slack.  “You could have me there,” he whispered.  His palm rubbed against my chest.  “But then the rest of them would, too.”
It was my turn to hang fire while Corvus worked up the courage to speak his mind.  “What if it was someone else’s honour that he felt bound to defend…or…what if his secrecy was connected with his theory about the stones and the fungi, their sentience, their influence?  What if he didn’t want them to know?”  Corvus covered his eyes, his chest rising and falling erratically.  “You read…how it was with him.”  Finally, he looked towards Holmes again.  “This is why I have come to you.  If anyone can help me, it will be you.”  He turned to me.  “Then we won’t have to guess, we will know.”
Holmes consulted his pocket watch.  “Excellent time,” he said and Billy beamed.
Temperature escalating.
Sherlock settled onto his heels.
He raised his arms, his shirt parting with his motion.
I put the paper and pencils down, walked around the bed, stopping by his outstretched arm.  I nudged and pulled until he was on his side again.  I paused, resumed breathing.  If he had been asleep, I had surely awakened him, but he showed no sign of it.  I took the arm that had had the mobile and positioned it along his side, let the forearm hang down near his waist.
I saw Sherlock fall towards the water, spear poised.
As I sat staring out our windows into the gloom, Holmes had migrated from his chair.  It was the weight of his head on my knee that roused me from my reverie.  I looked down.  He must have been running his hands through his hair as it was rather wild.  I brushed a fallen lock away from his brow.
“They do little else,” Sherlock said, with a flickering glance below my belt.
.  Sherlock must have been listening from the top of the stairs.
I tried to take all of that in.  “Electricity must have seemed as magical as the other things that happen around here,” I said.
The impact lifted my side of the boat.  I gripped with my knees, leaned up and over the gunwhale and saw that empty, deadly eye below me.  I released the bolt.
“I’m near now,” I protested.
I leaned over the corner of the table, reached for one of the knaves, the one with the violin, the knave of hearts.  I held it up to Sherlock.  “This is me?”
How he could recognise an individual in the dimness, I could only guess:  his gait, the outline of his raiment?
Above us, Molly sang:
The forest was dense on this side of the water, the trunks of the trees massive, their roots reaching across the spaces between them.  John’s pace slowed even further.  There were brambles in the undergrowth.  They scored his legs.  He tore his hand trying to push them away, tasted raspberry juice as well as blood when he sucked on the cut between his thumb and forefinger.
I checked the sky again.  The clouds were scudding west, taking the reflective glow of the city lights with them.  The pavement before the house grew darker.  I glanced across the street.
John stopped with the cab door half open.  “What?”
His arm slipped behind me and lifted.  I felt him push the cushions away.  The clay was cold on my bare skin, hard beneath my back.  Small stones scraped against my spine, but I thought it would be pleasant to sleep anyway.  To sleep to the rhythm of the tides, rocking me back and forth on the shingle, cool water swirling about me until it had washed my fatigue completely away.
I glanced at him.
John’s hand gleamed as it stroked, the shadows on the wall shifting as his wrist moved.
“Do people always come here in groups?” I asked.
I looked up again.  The moon was directly above us.
I was surprised once more, but I extended my right hand, palm down.  Mycroft held his outstretched hand beneath mine, then brought his other up and passed it over mine without touching me.
The creature evaded him easily, seeming to float on the air rather than fly.  The line of its wing silhouetted against the frosted glass made John stand still.
“So,” Mrs Hudson began, “there’s the iron one.  A good material for cooking up most meals, but it can spoil the effect of certain ingredients depending on what sort they are.”
Mrs Hudson swatted his arm.  “Who knows?  A rare coin, a jewel.  You have to admit that was no ordinary box you scooped up from the kerbside.”
“Observe something else?”
“Seriously?  Someone’s friend, or lover, loses interest and we’re supposed to help?  Delete it.”
“Any of them will do,” he said.  He was starting to shake.
The woman’s cloak steamed behind her, its gold embroidery glittering as they sailed over the last few metres and landed atop the fire.
I set the harp aside and took the cup of tea she held out to me.  “Oh, those aren't for decoration; I’m going to use them in a recipe.”
“Black, black, black is the colour of my true love’s…
Madeleine looked down at her trousers and boots and laughed.  “I have a spare suit in my locker, but it’s too early for non-club members to swim.”  She put her hand to her forehead, feeling more than a little ridiculous saying that to him.
Mycroft removed a glove and extended his hand.
With a little too much vigour, I took the brush to my back and a muscle in my arm cramped.  I swore and kneaded my biceps.  It was easy to let the time flow by, lost in a book or a song, distracted by the thrill of the chase or that greater pleasure we shared.  The cramp eased.  I swung the arm forwards and back, felt the blood flow freely again.
Between the streaks of blood, I saw the grey receding, his shoulder wound closing.
I stopped drinking my tea.  I could see he was preparing his words.
I snorted.  “When you said he should contact HR and told Lestrade to get on the phone and ask if anyone named Swann had been among the short-listed applicants for the directorship, there was an immediate improvement in his colour.  Does he know this Swann?”
“Ms Madeleine Swann.”  John stepped farther into the room.  “Sherlock Holmes,” he said, turning back to where Ms Swann stood in the doorway.
He was in another doorway.  I heard the clatter of the bag being deposited somewhere.
Kit fished in his pockets and pulled a glove out from each.
I sat mutely for a while, watching him move and catching a phrase here and there from the music of the play.  He paused by the farthest window, gazing down into the street.  His melody rose higher.
“There you are, John,” he said.
I extended the veins and arteries, ran them between the fingers, looped their tapered lengths around the palm.  I used the rubber to open up the veins in the wrist.  Much neater with pencil and paper than scalpel and flesh.  I made a connection that couldn’t work in real life.
“It is.”
He could hear waves slapping against wooden piers, sails snapping, the creak of rigging.  Far along a dock, a lantern glowed.  John closed the door and walked towards the light.  Sherlock stepped out onto the deck and John's gaze took in every detail of his uniform, looked up at the mast and noted the flag.
I surveyed the guests with him and stopped at the Summer window.  Bert and Wiggins stood before it, clinking their goblets together.  They struck a sweet note, then drained them in one go.
“Three,” Holmes replied, distractedly.  “A guide and two porters, one of whom also cooked for us.”
“Yes,” I replied, thrilled that I was going to be asked to come along.  Considering what had happened the last time he had gone off on his own, I was not keen to have him do so again and I had become accustomed to his presence.  Even an hour awake without him was an unpleasant prospect.  The nights were bad enough, but I was not really without him then as there had not been a night when I had not dreamt of him.
“Yup.”
My heart started to pound.
“Of course, I got milk,” I replied as I set the sacks on the kitchen table.   “And ginger nuts, too.”  I peered into the sitting room.
“Slept round the clock and half-way round again.  It’s Thursday,” she said with a laugh.  “Breakfast or luncheon?”
Mycroft smiled and tipped the key onto the salver.  The key increased in size and the metal beneath it turned black.
“Yes, I suppose we could walk beside the Long Water instead,” the woman said.  “Thank you again.  Come on, Sirocco.”
Sherlock leaned forwards.  “Cut as far down the stem as you can.  The chemical you need for the liniment is more concentrated in the stems than the leaves.”  His breath tickled my ear.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes further and then turned to me and nodded.
So it would appear.
I rubbed my fingers over the chamois.  “I’m going to like having her near to hand.”
Nor did anyone else.  I could hear them listening.
He gave me a half smile and stepped over the threshold, raising the torch as he went.
“Kate had nodded and said that she understood.
Sherlock tapped my shoulder and pointed.
I took a deep breath and reminded myself we were in a taxi.
The flames were orange and red; they licked and flickered along my veins, too quick to burn, teasing and bright.
The heart sizzled, the bones cracked and crumbled to ash.  The flames flickered over them, flared around the still upright dagger and then, even the ash was gone.  The dagger clattered to the floor.
With a long exhalation, Sherlock stretched out by John’s side.  He fit the hollow of his cheek to the curve of John’s shoulder, rested his forearm beneath John’s buttocks.  “They had the last piece.  I thought I could be in and out and gone before anyone realised I’d been there.”  His fingers tapped patterns on the side of John’s thigh.  “I got impatient.”
“We go round and round one another,” I said and finally turned.  Who would not wish to stay with him, I thought as I looked, and his outward form is but a shadow of what is within.
I turned and put my arm across his chest.
I took a deep breath; the elixir had worked a rapid effect.  Bringing my cloak forward a little, I attempted to discreetly adjust myself.
The air was still.  The sky above us was a deeper shade of blue than when we crossed the river.  No sunbeams had followed us to this place.  The flickering of the firelight in the deepening gloom gave static shapes motion, even the tree trunks appeared to sway.
I can bloody well try.
I’m not an orthopaedic surgeon, but Mike is, and a damn good one, and he couldn’t resolve her problem completely.
“Thank you,” I called and grabbed the dinner knife to slit open the envelope.
I sat up and reached for the cup of tea that was already poured.  There was a narrow parcel wrapped in a chamois situated between the cup and the teapot.  I took a sip of the tea.  It was perfect.  “What’s this, then?” I asked, tapping the parcel.
“A smuggling case took me deep beneath the abbey years ago where I saw the family crypt,” Holmes explained, “and the Ushers have made significant, if esoteric, contributions to the field of music composition and theory through the generations.  I’ll play one of them for you sometime.”  He put a stopper in the phial and shook it.  “Although perhaps on a sunny day to counteract its mood, the airs tend towards the melancholy.”
I stood by, helpless, then the creature broke away, trotting back towards the trees from whence it had sprung with the branch in its mouth.
I gave him two more pins.  “Now you’re doing it, ‘infect’ instead of ‘influence’.”
The light shifted and I saw it.  Beside Sherlock, a narrow band of darkness was curling up from the bench towards the smooth planes of his cheek.
As though I’d gone somewhere!
“It’s something I have always meant to tell you…” Sherlock began.
I gripped his forearm with one hand, braced my other arm against the tree and shoved my hand against my mouth.  I was as still as the tree trunk upon which I leaned.
“How can it not hurt?”
Still chewing, I smiled my reply.  As she cut the cake, I noticed the design painted on her mug.  “Are those cannabis leaves?”
Even with a jumper over my shirt, I shivered.  There was a cool draught flowing through the brick-vaulted tunnels as if doors that were normally closed had been opened.  I walked faster.
Yes.  It is.
Above us, the final refrain of
I contemplated untying my shoes since we were all on one level, but the packages in my lap were in the way.  If they were lab equipment, it might have been worth landing on the floor rather than having an arseful of glass shards.  I laid my head on my arm, reasoned that a bit of a rest right there might give me enough strength to get upstairs in a while, with or without my shoes
“How could any of us know what went on in that funny old head of his?”  She sighed.  “I’ve been glad I haven’t had to look for other tenants.  I don’t really want anyone else up here.”  She glanced over her shoulder.  “You know those things I boxed up?  I never had anyone collect them.  They’re all still sitting in the kitchen covered in dust.”
“But I…”
Sherlock inclined his head in the direction we were walking and it flew off.
I've missed posting for several days lately, so I may be able to post a few little chapters today.
I smelt snow, reached up and brushed drops of water from the shoulder of his garment.  “It’s snowing?”
Fine.
Probably true.
“Won’t he?” he asked, but he wasn’t addressing me.
The month is drawing to a close. John must decide.
“I’ve been studying that,” Kit said.
I felt a great relief that he would not insist on rowing with what I feared were broken ribs, although I was not completely confident about how well I would manage the currents.
The door held.
“My arms ached for days,” I said.
“’What is your question?’ she repeated.
"John."
“What’s going to happen to him?”
“I’m surprised they could spare the time to make my breakfast,” I said and took a sip of the tea.  It was red and, my god, it was good.  I think I felt it in my toes.  Rose hip, I realised.
I checked the floor as he steered me towards the door.  The flags lay unstained and even, the bolt sticking out from the bottommost portion of the door.
John considered the riot of curls framing the studiously neutral expression on Sherlock’s face.  Wild thing.
"Dr Moynihan, please," Sherlock said.
The surface of the river was an unbroken glaze of moonlight.
“Wouldn’t it be easier to just go down to the canal side?” John asked.
He shook his head.  “It will make you drunk.”  He smiled at me then and I smiled back, both of us bloodied.
“Yes!” Corvus exclaimed as if Holmes having said the word had unlocked something in him.  “Yes, that is what I have.  A feeling that Roderick wanted to tell me more, but could never bring himself to do it.”  Corvus took a deep breath.  “And then that night happened…”  Corvus gestured at the pages of his manuscript that were on my side table.  “…and the chance was gone.”
A shadow darted across the room and leapt onto the seat between us.
I felt a slight lessening of Sherlock’s weight.
Sherlock was so still John couldn’t hear him breathing behind him.
But no mate came.  And even the cousins had not come to visit for many, many seasons.
Desultory applause brought me back to the lecture.  Questions were being taken.  I glanced to the left and right.  I shouldn’t have sat in the middle of a row.  It wasn’t worth the effort of squeezing past so many people to escape early.  I flipped the PowerPoint hand-out over and began to doodle on the blank last page.
“Nothing so straightforward,” he replied and handed me another knife.
He rubbed a knuckle across his bottom lip.
"There's not much of the shore left," Lestrade remarked.
Mrs Hudson smiled and waved as the taxi pulled away.
But it wasn’t an answer.  I reached out with a finger and touched the top of the pile.  It was warm.
“Oh, this one grows under the trees at the edge of the sward.  It’s doesn’t like full sun, but too far in and it doesn’t get enough light to flower.  Out over the drawbridge and straight ahead, but in the spring, they don’t bloom this time of year.”
“Margaret’s…Mrs Turner’s sister.  She’s the cook at The Holme, Mycroft’s home in the park by the lake.”  She glanced at me.  “Ah, you won’t have met her or the other Holme staff last year because you and Sherlock didn’t get back in time.  We all gather for After Fire.  Most of the people you don’t know here tonight are from The Holme.”
John popped half his cookie into his mouth and angled the scrap of paper until he got a bit more light to fall on it.
“I’ve never done any of this before,” he admitted.
"You do?" John looked at him, surprised.
He looked at John now and a bit of that guilt was hitting him again as he prepared to ask John for a rather large favor. Better to get it over with as quickly as possible. "John?" He questioned.
When he heard a knock at his door, he expected to find one of his co-workers trying to pressure him to attend one of their parties. He wasn't expecting it to be Sherlock.
Sherlock blinked at him slowly, taking in his words and unsure of the proper response. He had heard much of this already earlier this evening but he knew that he had to let John vent, even if he was repeating himself and it was tedious.
"You're my friend," Sherlock said slowly. "And I didn't want to be friends."
John didn't hesitate, burying his face in the nest of curls between Sherlock's legs.
“Here they come,” John said, gesturing with his plastic spoon.
Sherlock nodded. "Positive."
"Thank you for your time," John said. "We'll be in contact soon."
"The night she died. We work together, waitressing at the all night diner."
Sherlock shoved his hands in his pockets and glared at John coldly. "You didn't tell me because you thought I'd be devastated?" He chuckled, and it sounded bitter even to his own ears. "I dont need your pity."
Sherlock barely resisted an urge to touch his cheek, standing there in shock. All he could think of was the taste of sugar on his tongue and the feeling of John's lips against his cheek. His face grew warm with embarrassment. He told himself his heart was only racing because he was experiencing a sugar rush from the candy.
John's hand moves up Sherlock's thigh then slides between their bodies to rub Sherlock through his pants.
"I heard you masturbating last night," Sherlock blurts out.
He feels it as Sherlock’s whole body tenses. It nearly sends John over the edge.
Sherlock wasn’t sure it could really be called ‘help’ if it wasn’t all that helpful.
John was so free and happy with Sherlock around and he'd been so very broken when Mary had met him. It was an incredible sight to see him like this. She loved John. And she loved Sherlock. And knowing what it would do to them both if she tried to keep them from each other, she couldn't do it. She couldn't separate them. She knew John was in love with him. Or at least, she had suspected as much. And she suspected the same about Sherlock pretty much the moment she had met him.
It had been days and the pain in his leg had not returned.  The first morning it had not hurt, he had been afraid to leave home without his cane, but the second morning he had overslept and forgotten it in his haste.  He had not taken it with him since.
Puck withdrew his hand.
“His father’s sword he has girded on and his wild harp slung behind him.
The words of an old song sang in my head.  Words that had never fit any of my many sweethearts.  Words that seemed to have been waiting for him.
I headed down the stairs after her.  “Right.”
The door led to the hallway, although the stairs seemed closer than usual and six or seven steps brought us to my bedroom door.
He’s far more than a beautiful arse.
I plan to indulge much more.
“Will you drink it all?” John asked.
Along the edges of the terrace, the crowd was expressing their appreciation.  The musicians bowed.
I accepted it.
“It’s not really a moat, although much of its course around the manor house is re-enforced with stone.”
So, we did.  And, we could.
He pointed upwards and to the left.
“Ask before you explode,” Sherlock said after a minute.
“Homesick, perhaps.”
Mycroft stood straighter and looked at us all.  “I cannot stay, but must have a word with Sherlock before I go.”  He inclined his head towards me again.  “A pleasure, John.”
Sherlock tapped a finger against my lips.
That summer he had caught a fine example of
“I was enjoying watching,” Sherlock complained.
A few minutes later, the sound of voices began to be heard over the clatter of the breeze through the bare branches above us.
I smiled in agreement, switching my cane to my other hand and accepting hers.  It was cool and firm, with a hint of swelling in the middle knuckle of the small finger.
He grew larger, to drink more.  John’s blood seemed even sweeter today.  It was difficult to think of anything else even though John was speaking and Sherlock wished to mark the meaning.
“It’s all right,” I said.  “I may be getting used to them.”
“You overheard some gossip?  Someone asking your interrogator about his wife in an insinuating tone?  I’m guessing you understood the language,” John continued.
“...and the recycling sack, and I shut all the doors between here and there to keep the spores at bay,” I said.  “We can go through the rest in the morning, get rid of all the paper and card.”
Reversing the order was not easy for me, but at a distinctly more stately pace, I managed it three times.  I heard a click and shifted my eyes to the side.  The wall was smoothly closed.
I concentrated on slowing my breathing.  I was a bit old to be so randy all the time.
I clicked on the reading lamp.
I looked past Sherlock’s shoulder then behind me.  All the lamps along the walls were burning. They cast wavering shadows on the stone floor and made the swords glitter from a dozen angles.
I stopped before him.  “With what, then?”
I saw his lips move, but the words refused to make sense.  They were Sherlock’s lips and had no right to be on this other person, especially considering what I had so recently watched them doing.  I forced myself to smile politely, because it seemed the words might have required at least that.  If they had required a reply, I couldn’t have attempted it.  I heard Sherlock introduce me and my name sounded odd, as though it had extra syllables.
The flush was getting very deep.  Ms Swann began to fiddle with the elastic around her left ear.
“Right,” I mumbled and clambered up in front of him.
She resumed with a rush.  “I knew I should swim for the shore, but I didn’t know which one was closer.  I tensed and began to sink…then something brushed against my back, beneath the water.  Something soft.  And then something nipped one of my fingers and then another.  It roused me from inaction.  I turned and began to swim.
The rain stopped.  I could distinguish Sherlock's face, pale in the gloom when he leaned away, clearer when he bent closer.  His eyes were in shadow, but his skin glowed.  I looked up again.  The stars blazed across the sky.  I nearly exclaimed aloud, but pressed my hand against my mouth at the last instant.  I glanced to either side.  There were branches in full leaf arching over the water.  We skimmed beneath them.  I reached out and caught at one, ripped off the tip of a branch.  The stars were bright enough for me to discern the shape of a willow leaf by their light.  I scanned the heavens, looking for constellations I knew.  I could barely restrain myself from whistling at the glory of it.  When I glanced at Sherlock, I could see that his eyes were closed.  Before us, there was fog floating above the water.
I looked to the shore.  Bathed in red light, Lestrade's team was hurrying towards the steps further along the shore with a stretcher between them.  Lestrade was halfway up the ladder near where the bodies had lain when huge shadows began marching across the encrimsoned Tower walls.  He turned towards the river, hand over his brow.
What are the odds that this one isn't?
“Like Mummy,” Sherlock suggested.
“I enjoy the company,” I said.
“Or a message,” Mrs Hudson proposed.
“Quite the task you’ve got there,” I said.
I shrugged.  “I am merely relaying the information I have.  You are the great detective who unravels mysteries.”
“This project had been five years in development and I had been involved since its inception.  The story was inspired by the mythology surrounding swans, the folktales, the music, other art froms…”
Sherlock took my hand and held it up as though we might promenade past Culvert, or perhaps directly at him and raise our linked arms even higher to pass over him.
“It’s made at a monastery in Italy from an ancient recipe.  Its claim to fame is that it has one hundred and fifty herbs and spices in it.”  She raised her cup to me.  “This has far more and the recipe is much, much older.”
“I’m bored,
“Jim wants to see you, Watson”, Ethan said, with a certain derision. He carried a rifle on his shoulder. He probably came from one of the lines that connected with the ‘Lion’s Den’.
The tenderness in John’s voice had been so heartfelt, so ingrained into himself, that it woke Morning Star up for a second. Pulling back, he opened his eyes to look at the Archangel. His skin was glowing, warmth coming out of him in waves. It was something he hadn’t felt in eons. His name said as the most tender endearment.
John smiled, his face glowing with mischief.
With the chill of the humid air crawling at his bones again, and too many things to think about, he vanished into the shadows.
He turned, his nose flared wide open, his look feral. John stumbled, his legs weak, trying to reach the knife still buried deep in his back.
Sherlock called his name softly before raising his hand and biting his own wrist, opening the veins and letting the blood flow. He moved his arm so that his opened wrist lay against John’s lips.
John had left, grateful for the information but bothered by the uselessness of it all.  He kept going in circles for a while, around the few blocks that composed the whole area. It looked as if the boy had gone around in circles, without any fixed destination. He considered drugs, but it just didn’t fit. He felt it as much as he felt his wings.
And now I have to look after my children. :3
Sherlock snorted. “What does it matter to you what we are?” He didn’t like where this was leading.
“Haniel, I…”
When he came back that last time, it had nearly been his ending. The flame of Faith, the shield of Justice, had almost been taken down.
“Don’t worry. I’m sure you’ll get used to it pretty fast. Meanwhile, Rosamund is in good hands. If it is reassuring, this is the safest place on earth. I made sure of it”.
much less.
“There are cameras, indeed. But they are off, so don’t panic. I hope you are having a smooth transition. Sherlock is almost there, so I recommend you to turn off the monitor. I’m taking your daughter to the kitchen to prepare some of her formula, and it would be advisable for you to be fully… focused on feeding. No interruptions.”
“You know exactly what I mean, Helel.”
Edinburgh was as it had always been, humid and dark. It had a certain aura of mysticism and nostalgia he found himself bound to. The smells of wet ground and wood, the soft light from the clouds above, the live, frenetic movement of humans walking around. It felt good. It felt… like home.
That was the last time John was with the whole group. When he separated to give them coverage while they lit the fuse, he was knocked out and taken away. The last thing that he heard was the withdrawal, and how his group scattered around, hiding themselves in the many hideouts of the sewers and the old ventilation corridors.
John had grown little during those seven years, and because of that he had been shorter than the majority of his colleagues working on Jim’s entourage. He was stronger and more agile, and he was able to keep fit by using the little free time that the Leader allowed him to continue training, and it was all as a reward for his work.
The first dream that Sherlock Holmes had with a wolf, occurred on his twelfth birthday.
“I’m the one holding the knife, mate.”
Mycroft's dragon had been locked in Baskerville, a center where experiments were done with animal spirits and some dystopians that were alive, hoping to get a "cure". Mycroft had been left destroyed, as the dystopians were extremely sensitive to the distance with the animal, and if they were too far it made them suffer. Sherlock once had left
John took a deep breath.
“I profoundly dislike the fact that I apparently owe my brother for this. I propose we delete that knowledge from our minds so we can live in peace again.”
John gulped. The sweet smell of something was slowly filling the air and he felt immediately hungry, ravenous. It reminded him of Afghanistan and the days when his patrol had to wait at the outpost for supplies from base camp. Days when water was the only thing they had until food arrived and, starving as they were, they still knew they had to ration. This moment was the same, more or less frustrated hunger entwined with gluttony.
Sherlock knew of the rumors about the "activities" and "services" Jim was asking in recent times to the dystopians that he held prisoners in exchange for sparing their lives. Whispers that spoke of servitude in all of the possible ways in which a person could be subjugated to another. They even said that they forced them to find their partners. He let them loose so that they could find them and then he made sure to make them disappear. It was as if it were a cheap soap opera to him. Also, there were talks of slavery. There were parties that were thrown in Buckingham with the upper circles of the 'pures'. There, dystopians and their animals were sources of fun and victims of all kinds of depravities.
“You are willing to fix my problems for me for free. It would be terribly rude to refuse. Very well, John. I’ll step aside and let you conduct your investigation.”
“Your aunt?”
Jim opened his mouth and eyes, as if he were genuinely surprised with the information. As if he had never received it.
Sherlock voice was dreamy, eyes looking toward him without focus, as if he was watching something far away. There was such a reverent tone in his words. John felt transported to a place and a time he hadn’t ever had the chance to live in and yet he could picture it now quite vividly.
They had put a leash on him.
“Tremendously.”
The bedsit he found was small and impersonal. He wasn’t looking for something fancy, and it had been a real luck to find a free room in the name of one John Watson. Apparently, his human soldier had had a bureaucratic problem after dying. Said problem had marked him as invalid instead of deceased. So both the pension and the small flat the government had arranged for him had been unused. John was now, fortunately, the only beneficiary of said offer.
Greg’s badger leapt over him, a warm presence on his stomach. He had no idea where Garm was, but he felt that he wasn’t far away. He laughed, but the laughter made his ribs hurt. He coughed and stopped, grimacing. Maybe it would be better if he was not that happy for a while.
Or so he hoped.
A blaze of  bright white fire whipped the air in front of them, as fast as lightning. John’s body glowed brighter, the heat he radiated increasing. His voice came out different, like the sound of a giant bell ringing. Distant, powerful and terribly beautiful.
“Mycroft Holmes. I wish you all the luck in the world.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes  as he put the weight back gently in the designated spot. John frowned, registering for the first time the inhuman abilities Sherlock,
As a young apprentice, the older Holmes chose to specialise in prophecy and future vision magic. Sherlock enjoyed very much deciphering the twisted messages hidden between the lines his brother delivered.
“Of course they are! I did what it had to be done! If not me, someone would have done it! I refuse to be considered guilty by someone else’s biased standards. I was the favourite, just as long as I played along. Doesn’t that say something about...”
Sherlock extended his arm towards the outside of the house, a small arm, of a ridiculously small diameter. The pale skin was sticking to the protruding bones of the wrists. For two months he did not taste a mouthful food. The last truck with provisions for the ‘Lion’s Den’ in the neighborhood, where low profile dystopians had been confined, had passed a few weeks ago, with too much security so no one could assault it as they used to do it before.
Thank you, dear readers, for exploring this story, taking your time. Dropping comments or hitting the kudos button. You rock.
John frowned.
“Honey?” The husband, concerned, took a step towards his wife.
He left his old shoulder bag that was full of holes and patches on top of the table in the entrance. The building was small, a block of apartments that was falling apart. The money that Mycroft received was little and exaggeratedly low. The suits that he used in his work were provided in Buckingham, but he wasn't allowed to take them outside work areas. In addition, the ration card that gave him to buy what little food that was available in the Lions Den was barely enough to give Mycroft the adequate amount of food. It was nearing the mediocrity, but everyone was under the same condition, so everything was the same. So that's why feeding two people with a mediocre ration was asking for the impossible. Sherlock only needed some food to hang on to. In two weeks time, when there would be no more available nuts, he would begin to vomit by the lack of comestibles in its body.
It’s going to get a little angsty, but I’ll warn you in advance if there is something strong going to happen so that you can skip it or not ;)
“How…?”
“I’m sorry, but the light was red and…”
Morning Star was looking at the body with something like curiosity. As if he had never seen a dead body before. A pale hand rose over him, thin, long fingers caressing the lips of the boy before pulling back . Frowning, John turned to see  Morning Star sniffing his own fingertips, as if he was some kind of hound, and made a face of distaste.
The corpse of the young man was found by Scotland Yard mere two hours after John made the call. The crime scene had been set, investigators made their inquiries, and left with the body after taking pictures. The area was still restricted, though, and he resolved not to cross the lines. Not that trespassing the crime scene would help  anyway. All he could have needed he had already taken.
Morning Star rolled his eyes.
“The brave knight had to try. The fearsome pirate was too good to be true.”
Still, he had promised to obey, and he would do so at all costs.
“All lives end. It was sad. But it was going to happen either way.”
When he moved to test his body, he felt a pang of pain at his shoulder and could not resist exploring it with a hand. He snorted, feeling bitter. On the almost immaculate human skin there was a healed wound, scars like a dying star over his shoulders, marking the place that broke him. Not even in this form could he hide his failures.
John was dying to get that thing out, knowing it was a mark. An alarm sign that screamed from where he came and what happened to him. He knew that the marks on his own skin would be visible after taking the collar out, but it was easier to conceal a couple of wounds, than a strip of leather surrounding his neck. Although he still had to get used to the sensation of being able to do things without it. In recent times, its absence had been related in his head as mortal danger, so he preferred to wear it a while longer. He was in no hurry of taking it off. He wondered the face that Jim would make when he would see his pet shoot him between the eyes. For a moment he wanted to keep the collar, only so that he could throw it at his face when he confronted him.
“This is good.”
“That’s it, my love. Take as much as you need,” he murmured, dropping the scarf and holding John as a mother holds her child. The first tentative sucks turned into hungry gulps, drawing out more and more blood.
He suddenly got into a panic mode. They couldn’t separate him from
Also, thank you lovelies, for reading and leaving Kudos and your kind words in the comments. Knowing that you like this is the fuel that makes me want to keep going.
“If you want to die, John, there are better and cleaner ways to achieve it rather than insulting him”, said Holmes. He dropped the leash and threw him a ball full of white clothes. “Put this on. Fast. We need to be in Buckingham in half an hour.”
John took the clothes, chuckling again.
“Never touch me again. Are we clear?” Sherlock said, looking at her with boredom.
for being my partner in crime and Beta for this story!
It was the most beautiful sight in the world, seeing the total look of abandon ion his doctor’s face, hearing his heart reach its highest speed before it briefly stopped, and as John entered rapture, resumed frantic beating once more. The French were perfectly accurate when they named the orgasm
a bit relaxing. He knew in his heart a man like Mycroft Holmes was honest and true when he said things like that.
Jim stopped halfway, glaring at John with his eyes during a few seconds. He closed his eyes as it take a human heart to beat a few times, and when he opened them, he seemed much more calm.
“‘Da’ is busy right now. Both of your ‘da’ are. They’ll be here soon, I promise.”
’ He wondered if he had also experienced the same.
John having dinner with her, laughing and sharing stupid, predictable jokes.
It was not the darkness itself that bothered him. It was the memories of eyes like burning suns, tears falling like stars, and golden blood dripping from the softest of skins as a voice like the purest music sang his name in sorrow. It was the knowledge that once, light had been the only thing he had known. Now, that light was gone. Not for him to see.
Being inside of John was a more intense experience than Sherlock had first thought it would be. He got lost in the possessive instinct that compelled him to mark, to take and claim. Careful not to harm John by applying too much enthusiasm to his thrusts, he tried to match them to the beating of John’s heart.
What had once been a source of joy and pride quickly became a social stigma of the worst kind. Often, it became a death sentence.
He remained in silence, throwing glares at the agents who, were supposed, to maintain the order and public safety, seeing for the welfare of the people, and not assuring themselves that they would be captured, tortured and denigrated. Had had the authorities been bribed at the beginning of the new regime it said much about the current state of the government.
This is why, at twelve years of age —when Sherlock announced that he had dreamed with the sand-colored wolf—, a giant celebration was done in his home. Specifically because it was quite premature. People his age did not have the dreams that early. People his age did not usually have symptoms of dystopia. But that didn’t matter.
He felt John’s warm hand pressing against his knee, and he moved to arrange John until he was lying between his open legs, his side and head resting against his chest in a way that allowed the knife to remain as still as possible, without any external pressure.
He had spent a whole week locked in an interrogation room from the era where the television in color was invented and tinted glasses were necessary to maintain the identity of spying listeners safe. The room was gray and aseptic. The walls were made up of cement and brick, and in the center there was a drain. He would rather not want to imagine the reason why an interrogation room would need such thing, although he perfectly knew too well the answer to the question. His ash blond hair was long, it uncomfortably stuck to his forehead and began to rub on his irritated eyes as it fell forward. His head itched from the dirtiness stuck to it, which didn't help with him being dead cold. There were air currents that would enter through the vents, through the holes in the wall, and through the small space under the door, which was barely a few millimeters wide. And in addition to all of the harsh environment, he was naked. His clothes had been stripped off his body when he got to this place. He was forced to walk through the corridors as if he were an exhibit, until he reached to the place where he currently was. However, the only part of his body that was covered were his eyes, with a thick plush bandage. He assumed that it was necessary so that he wouldn't be able to remember the path that he was forced to walk, minimizing the risk of him possibly escaping. At one point he was able to inform himself that his possessions had been burned off.
John set a mug of tea next to Sherlock’s laptop and peered at the screen over his shoulder.  He watched a minute or two of the balcony scene, sipping his tea.
He rose to his knees.  “No need.  The patterns are in your skin now.”
Possibly.  I’ll have to ask Mrs Hudson about the ingredients.
With carefully-placed steps, I went to the large hearth and set the pot on the stone where I had seen moonstones melt in the moonlight.  With a hand to steady me against the chimney breast above the hearth, I leaned down and looked up the long, square chimney.  Far above me, a circlet of starlight glimmered.  I nodded to myself in satisfaction.  It was a clear night.  In time the moon would come.
I looked back at Sherlock and held out the knife.
“And when you have assured yourself that I am well?” he enquired.
“Very likely.”
That night, it was Sherlock’s arm I felt beneath my face when I lay my head on my pillow.  The feeling lasted for days.
“The consensus in the village the next morning was that everyone was accounted for,” Corvus replied.  “I left before noon to catch a train to London.  I did not go back.  I…I couldn’t do it…then.  When I arrived in London that letter was waiting at my club.  The rest you know.”
That’s as good as a declaration, John thought.
“The winter will pass and the leaves bud green,
“No, no, just him and he can’t even stay the night, has to catch the evening train for Edinburgh.  He’s got an exhibition,” she announced.  “I’m going to pack these up so he can take them along.  Some of his friends are meeting him there.”
“The soul of discretion, Mike,” Sherlock said, taking the flannel and running it under the tap.  He wiped the soap off John, rinsed the flannel once more and wiped again.  “I think you should turn around for the next part,” Sherlock said.
“Congratulations, Doctor Watson,” Sherlock said, lifting his cup.  “On the successful beginning of your practice of medical magic.”
“Mirrors?”
She did shine a little brighter when she looked up at Sherlock, but the roses bloomed in her cheeks when she looked at Greg.
Siròc swooped across the face of the moon, down towards the clearing, talons outstretched.
I gripped his hand tightly at that and let him swirl me away.
I pointed at the blackberry.  “Don’t they ripen at the end of summer?”
He looked me up and down before returning his attention to the slope before us.
“May I borrow your phone?” he interjected and held out his hand.
“’What are your questions?’ she asked me and I was confused.  Had she thought that I had questions for Isa, too?
Although the jester’s path had not crossed mine again, his grating laughter reached me during pauses in the music.  My steps had not faltered, but I was pleased to rest when the next interval arrived, lest fatigue make them do so.  This time, Sherlock was willing to stop near the tables by the wall of mirrors where silver fountains of wine and mead were interspersed with tiered plates of dainties, platters of sliced meats and cheeses and wide bowls of fruit.
He turned to the bed, which was rather a mess.  His eyes flicked over it.  I didn’t want to think what he could glean from it.  He smoothed out a portion of coverlet and set the clothes out.
I gasped.
“The footage from the museum cameras’ just came through,” Greg said.
I gave the head another eye.
I held my flask up to Sherlock.
"Stuff like this happen often?" I asked, moving to the autoclave and placing the items inside.
I looked at him from beneath my brows.  “Why didn’t you tell me to arm myself?” I hissed.
I couldn’t see the man whose lady had ridden into the flames, but the woman whose little boy had waved to her from atop the fire, still sat by the remains of her smoking campfire, stirring its ashes with a stick.  Around her, her family or friends, packed their things into satchels and bags.
“He wasn’t a very nice man.”
Kit lifted his plate again and I took another.  “I helped pick those yesterday before we went up to Llandon.”
I opened my eyes to look at the clock.  It was earlier than when I had looked last.
“It just isn’t clear enough to serve as evidence.”
Smoke rose from a campfire.  Tongues of flame cast wavering shadows against sheer walls of stone.  Wood cracked.  Sparks flew into crisp night air and changed into music.  I yearned to catch those burning notes, but there were boulders hemming me in.  Otherwise, I would have caught them.  I would have.
“You should eat your breakfast,” Wiggins said.  He untied the garters, rolled down the stockings.  More bows unravelled and the shirt seemed to drift away.  “I’ll have these back to you in time.”
I peered at the transformation, my voice an undulating hum.  The semi-circles stretched out, arched up and took flight.  It was a short glide from Sherlock’s hand to mine, the landing in my upturned palm accompanied by a light clink as the metal met the stones.
"So she's always near the house?" I asked.
“Your neighbour let me in,” she interjected.  “I think he might have been a little high.”  She leaned forward, made a small sniffing sound and smiled.  “I wouldn’t mind a drink.  Invite me in?”
He handed me his latest bit of woodworking.
“All right.”
She tilted her head.  “Close to ten years now since I came back from Florida.  It took me a while to sort everything out after Frank’s execution.”  She shook her head.  “Time does fly.”
Writhing tentacles spewed dark blood as I slashed.  My lips pressed tightly together at the memory.
They thought that she was fast asleep,
I ducked past her to hold the door open while Archie got the feathery tips of the branch through the doorway.
Another flicker of motion caught my eye.  The discarded leech was inching across the floor, dragging Sherlock’s shrivelling flesh with it.  It was already half-way to the edge of our design, creeping along one of my straight lines, even as it rotated.  Right-handed, I threw my silver dagger over Sherlock’s bleeding shoulder.  The knife hit home with a thump, the tip pinning the leech to the floor.
Firelight flickered across the pages of the manuscript lying open on the table, up the dark shelves of books lining the high walls.  It glittered in the glass fronts of the cabinets, in each of the window panes.
The crunch of apple was my reply.
He got up and began pacing about the landing.
“Mr Rathbourne has offered us his box at the Lyceum tonight.  Apparently, he had not fully expressed his gratitude for our recovering so many of those jewels prior to our trip to the Continent.  He is most pleased that I have returned from the dead so that he can resume doing so.”  Holmes nudged a bowl of grapes closer to me.  “Shall we accept?  Irving, Terry and company are back from a triumphant tour of North America and are playing
Sherlock was quiet.
I returned to the table and sat, took a bite of salad and then another.  Mrs Hudson would be upset if she came back and I had not eaten a thing and it did not make sense to waste the food and end up hungry later when I would need to be alert in the lab.
I patted the tree root a last time.
Sherlock lifted the chest he was carrying higher.
“I want to walk down to the bridge over the Long Water.  Have a look at the waterfowl there before we meet Ms Swann at the Round Pond.”
I hoped no more would be required of me for a while, but if it was, I’d find the energy somewhere.
“It’s a possibility,” Sherlock agreed.
I could indeed, despite the indication that privacy was not to be expected.
He was sitting across my thighs and drawing a fingertip through the wetness that I assumed was his semen on my chest.  This I could feel rather than see as his bowed head was in the way.  Judging by the wetness, I hadn’t been asleep long.
“Take your time,” he said, ignoring my question.
I crammed a few more broadsheets into the recycling bag.  “I’ll be down in a few minutes.”
Greg was chuckling at something Archie was telling him over near the open window to Spring, but several people seemed to be gathering near where the panel opened onto the passage to the library.
.  “A history of magici…ah, poisoners.  That’s right up your street."
“Roderick had requested Mr Braithewaite bring along two of his clerks to act as witnesses when he made the journey to Usher not long before I did.  Roderick had not wished to use any of his staff in that capacity.  He had me read the will in front of him, but would not answer my questions about the paragraphs at the bottom of the second page.  He said he was covering all contingencies upon the advice of his solicitor,” Corvus explained.
“John, please,” I said.
“We do,” he said and held up a key.  “For you, so that you may come and go as you please.”  He reached for my hand, placed the key in it and closed my fingers over it.
I shuddered – a full body shudder, at the idea.
They strolled past the people soaking up the autumn sunshine by the fountains of the Italian Gardens.  A single heron graced one of the pools.
“The silvery one is a little spade, the red jewel is heart-shaped, the crystal is cut like a diamond, and the three green glass leaves are arranged like a clover…”  She looked at me.  “…or a club, if you prefer.”
“No!” Sherlock replied, “I would have you no more, which would be stupid, and I am not inclined to stupidity.”
Holding the ring between his thumb and index finger, Mycroft slipped it onto my
The horse snorted, its breath a white cloud in the night air.
John rose to his knees, tilted Sherlock’s chin up and kissed his cheeks.  He tasted salt when he kissed Sherlock’s half-closed eyes.
I nodded.  “When did you find out about them?"
I’m very glad there is no photo.  Ecstatic that there is no video.
Before I could stop him, he extended his hand and sliced along his forearm.  I winced at the pain.  He turned the arm and let his blood fall, walking slowly in a circle so the drops fell ahead of the burning lines.
I felt his forefinger stroke my lip.  It was wet.  I drew it into my mouth and the shaking stopped.
“Someone to put in the path of one of our parents, perhaps.  They do so love to collect interesting humans,” Mycroft offered.
“I haven’t found anything yet.  It would appear that he knew by the time he drew up his will, however, and that is why there are the clauses about a child or a ward,” Sherlock said.
I heard the cloth tear.
The woman with the camera had covered her head.  Ms Swann had dropped her loaf of bread to assist her.  The birds, even the pigeons, ignored the windfall.
Sherlock’s eyebrows went up.  “Since I left?”
“Maybe the someone was murdered.”
Mrs Morrow had then produced a packet of letters tied up with a dark blue ribbon.  The most recent postmark had been two months before Arthhur’s ship had been spotted foundering off Lizard Point in Cornwall.
Sherlock smiled and drank deep.  “It is.  Especially when it’s such a delicate formulation.”
“Yes,” I sighed.
“I haven’t forgotten though,” I said, picking up my tea cup.
I looked up, too.
He put one pin in his mouth and worked the other deftly through several folds of cloth.
“Yup,” he replied, staring down at me.  “Well?  Get the next one off.”
“I had no intention of asking anything, you understand.  I had listened to all her palaver with extreme scepticism and hadn’t yet found out the things I was later to learn, although the message purportedly from Isa had been unsettling in its insightfulness into what I had observed of his character.  Still, that wouldn’t have been enough to persuade me to actively participate in her charade, and yet, I did ask a question.  The words came flying out of my mouth completely without my consent, and I asked why you had sent me away from the Fall that day.  It had hurt me terribly to think that you had chosen to face death with an enemy rather than a friend, rather than with me.”  I paused for breath.
“Point taken,” he said and continued identifying the best archers among the guests getting into the boat.
he welcomes with such gentility,” she said.
I closed my eyes.  Yup, here would be fine.
The urge to draw him is strongest when he is quiet. When he flies into action, I am usually whirled away with him. There is no time to think of anything except trying to keep up, to not lose him. But when he falls quiet, I know the least about where he’s gone. So now I draw him, to study him, and later I look at my pictures and find out what it was I saw.
“Right,” I murmured and poured the steaming liquid from the pot.  Even in the wan light, I could see the tea was red.  It smelled like roses.
Caught out, I conceded that Mr Knight might not have consulted a physician at the early signs of his ailment.  “Some people are very obstinate about such things.”  I eyed Holmes.
The sun lit the spray of juice.  For an instant, the scent of apple overcame the must of the box.
“Always,” I said.
I lifted his left arm, kissed his wrist where a bruise would surely form and set his hand on his right shoulder; did the same with the right wrist, so that his arms crossed his chest.  His fingers tightened in the linen at his shoulders to keep his arms in place.  It was a ward.  Whether I was able to make it strong enough to be of any use, I didn’t know.
“Oh,” I murmured and wished I had brought something to defend us.
