Mycroft never imagined himself brazenly kissing John in front of Sherlock in the hallway of 221b. While holding Violet, as well.
“You’re smiling.” Sherlock’s voice always sounds rough first thing in the morning. John loves hearing it like that. Sherlock’s hair is all messed up from sleeping, too, he really gets epic bed head. John wants to ruffle his hand through it.
Part of Mycroft wants to apologise for his own weakness, because while John is well known to flirt with anyone, Mycroft himself is not. And if he had been more in control of himself, it never would have happened.
So Sherlock’s home alone again, sitting in the living room in the gathering dark, when his phone buzzes with a text. Sherlock hopes it’s John for a moment, the way he always does. But it’s something better.
Sherlock works until four in the morning, then tries to slide into bed carefully. He’s sure that John does wake up, but he doesn’t say anything, just turns around.
The next client wants a Medusa. The one after that a winged valkyrie on his ribs. John doesn’t much fancy doing that tattoo – it hurts like hell, and it’s one of the worst places for a pin-up.
Mycroft nods, choosing not to feel the impact of those words, not yet, but he can feel them press on him, and evoke a ghost of joy. “Hormone therapy, and then implantation?”
John’s not really meant to take long lunch breaks, but it’s a slow day, and he’s done caring anyhow. “I’ll come over. JW”
Mycroft locates Violet’s changing bag. It contains the things that they trade between all of them along with Violet - her cuddly toy, her dummy, a blanket, a tube of rash cream, and some other odds and ends that go wherever she goes. He turns to John, who says to Violet, “Good night, Violet! Have fun with Daddy.”
But the soldier is looking at him with an eager smile. He seems to enjoy the idea of a hand job. Sherlock wraps his hand tighter around him and gives him a pull, which causes him to inhale sharply, and then smile at him again, as if they’re sharing a secret.
Sherlock takes his shirt off and puts it to the side. He sits and removes his shoes, then looks up. “Don’t care.”
When John gets up for a piss, the barstool seems to shift, the floor’s uneven, and he realises that he hasn’t gotten drunk like this in quite a while. Might be a cheaper night than he thought it would be, if he’s this drunk already.
Not that Sherlock wished to. He still feels unease over the fact that he thoughtlessly fell asleep in John’s bed and remained there the entire night. If John is at all annoyed that Sherlock overstayed his welcome, he does not show it.
John looks at them for a minute before he realises that there’s a small card to go with it, in nice card stock. Mycroft’s own handwriting again, “I find there is nothing to repay you for your continued kindness to both Violet and myself. Please use these for whatever it is you require. If you wish to buy a house, I would be glad to be of assistance.”
He must look dismayed, because John laughs and says, “We have like, ten years to prepare for that, okay? We’ll be ready.”
Mycroft stops listening. He puts the phone aside and raises his voice to the driver, “Baker Street instead,
John steps back, frowns, smiles, and then says, awkwardly - because he is not good at this, because John doesn’t think that it is
He’s right, it’s only a couple of days later - they’ve been together again for three weeks, now - when John says, “So, if I want to go on a date, how does that work?”
“Right, well, you had the hardest one, yeah? Those tigers were a lot more difficult than just text.” John looks at him compassionately, which is entirely annoying. Sherlock does not require John’s
He’s pushing into that lubed-up hole, and any pain that’s psychosomatic should disappear while he’s having a brilliant fuck, shouldn’t it? It hasn’t. John pulls out a little, then thrusts in again. He’s leaning his weight forward, using his leg muscles, and it bloody hurts. The sweat’s already making his shirt stick to his lower back. He never took his jacket off. He never pushed his trousers down fully, either, so now they’re spanning between his knees.
Sherlock is not entirely certain what to say to him, but then John does not appear to expect him to speak.
He diagnosed a pregnancy from smell alone, though, not too bad for a beta doctor - John feels pretty smug about that. Saw through Mycroft Holmes’ lies, that’s a first, he should probably get a badge of some sort for that. Honour from the queen.
Violet’s still in a mood, though. She’s re-arranging the nativity scene that they’ve neglected to take down after Christmas, dropping the figures on the wooden floor with big thuds while shouting, “No ducks because there’s rain and now you’re
John texts Mycroft from bed at nine AM on a Thursday morning, with Sherlock softly snoring next to him, “You should try this unemployment thing, it’s glorious. JW”
John smiles at him again. Sleepily, now, but there is something even nicer about it. In putting a cup of tea on the table for him right as John reaches for the jam. In sitting across from him, holding a cup of his own, and letting it linger between them.
“Janine and Molly will tattoo the falcon,” John continues. He smiles briefly. “And the snowy owl is for Sherlock and Soo Lin.”
But as much as he did foresee the physical discomfort, the exhaustion is worse than he had allowed for. He gets through the day in a wavering, undefined state, simply to collapse into bed again. He finds it disconcerting. He needs his mind, and he needs the control it brings, as well. He ups security on Sherlock. He denies himself the constant temptation to check up on him, and instead stays away.
Violet splashes and moves her legs in the water. And when they make a game out of passing her between them, she giggles loudly, and screeches at the moment where they nearly let her go.
.” Mycroft says, and John is starting to get what this eating together thing was about. “We simply cannot cross that line. Ever again.” Mycroft looks at him seriously. “You must understand that.”
John thought about it before, back when his fascination with Sherlock’s otherworldliness was still new. He didn’t know him like this, yet. Then, he didn’t see how much must have been hidden under there.
There are hundreds of pictures of the guests dancing. One of Lestrade and Molly kissing that Sherlock wants to frame and give to them as a gift. Another one of Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade, which is a moment Sherlock missed, but they are both clearly rather intoxicated - Mrs. Hudson is waving her cane as they dance together and laugh. There are plenty of Violet, playing and dancing between everyone else. There are a few of Mycroft and Sherlock dancing, two tall figures in the middle of the dance floor with a respectable space around them. There is only one shot of John and Mycroft dancing later in the evening. It is taken from a fair distance, but the closeness between them is clear.
.” There is a faint tremble of fear hidden underneath the smooth voice. He always fears the worst, Mycroft. Especially when Sherlock calls at night.
John walks into the film studio pulling an aluminium travel case behind him with his tattoo machines, needles, and all of his inks.
. He really did think he was doing the best thing, and that what Mycroft wanted was space. He seemed so sure about it, too.
Then heart problems in a middle-aged woman. Prescribing antibiotics for a bladder infection. The afternoon patients all blend together until John clocks out at exactly six.
He briefly thought about it when he was younger, as he did all things, but in a logical, detached way. He saw his life and ambitions and placed the image of said children - or, for that matter, an alpha - in it, and decided it impractical. Improbable, as well, highly unlikely to ever be in his future. And that was it.
John is here, in Baker Street. Sherlock can hear the creak of John getting out of bed in the morning, and the rumble of his footsteps on the stairs. He can see John’s bare feet on the floor, his toes lazily curling and uncurling as he reads the paper. John cooks, the scents drifting through the air, and Sherlock catches a glimpse of John’s back as he stands in the kitchen.
Nothing to keep Mycroft from realising, at times with a bit of a shock, that he is pregnant. Truly - pregnant.
Sherlock knows that if he says, ‘leave it,’ John will do that, and it will be okay. But it’s been a long time since he’s come. That’s why he responded like that to Mycroft as well. It’s been weeks, he should. John would like to see it, probably. So Sherlock sits up a bit.
Sherlock glances at William - he’s lying on Violet’s old playmat on the floor. He’s not rolling over yet, but he likes to lie there and bat at the toys above him. “He cried for approximately forty minutes after his morning bottle. Cramps again, I believe. John rubbed his stomach.”
It’s much brighter outside the church. There is a group of people surrounding Father, still chatting away. They are all appearing to be comforting him on the surface, but beneath it there is some easy glee. A funeral is an event here. Some excitement, a story to be repeated. They all seem to enjoy getting to own the suffering for a moment.
Warm, sweet, it’s deeply familiar straight away. Sherlock pulls back, looks at Mycroft, and says, “You’re on hormones.”
Mycroft thinks of it as something that needs to be repaid, regulated, a debt to be settled. But it’s not. It’s the first time that Sherlock saw Mycroft in a hospital bed, instead of the other way around. The first time that there is something that Mycroft needs of him. Mycroft, always more controlled, always bigger and better and smarter. Mycroft needs him now.
John sits there for a bit. Listens to the distant radio. There’s the sound of the door for a second time, and steps on the stairs. Sherlock probably forgot something, or it’s Mrs. Hudson butting in. But it’s Mycroft who walks in. “Good morning, John.”
There is a pocket watch right underneath John’s scarring, as if the two are tied together. Blood, whole streams of it tattooed coiled around John’s shoulder. Sherlock imagines John’s dreams to be like this - mutedly colourful and profoundly menacing at once.
Mycroft cuts in, who called them, was it Anthea? “I have no desire for an audience, leave or I will have you both removed.”
“And why me?” John awkwardly steps through the overall legs while holding on to the table. He hopes Sherlock hasn’t got him pegged for a welding genius or something like that.
Notwithstanding, Sherlock watches the show religiously. He downloads the episodes and re-watches them at night. It is torture to see John and himself together on the screen. Sherlock wonders how obvious it is to anyone watching that he wanted him, and whether he might expect an angry phone call from a certain Mary Watson at some point. Or, and this would be worse, whether it is undetectable for most. Whether all he felt and saw was not recorded, but left to be forgotten between the images and behind the scenes.
Later that night in bed, it makes him say, “Sherlock, you know I’m not going to get it on with someone else, right?”
John settles behind him and - it is a habit, by now - puts a hand on Mycroft’s stomach. In truth, Mycroft does not believe that sex and this should be mixed, but then all of this is because of the baby, is it not? That is why John is here, so he can feel this.
Sherlock leans back onto John’s cock, and John starts thrusting again, because he’s close and he wants to come. But he’s also aware of their audience. He can see one of them look at his cane, leaning on the living room table. John mentally dares him to say a fucking word.
Sherlock looks at John, and judges his mood. It seems well enough. It is not as intense as the vow that Sherlock already made to John, so it does not feel like a big step to say, “We should get married.”
Mycroft can feel the deep waves pulse through him as John hits him right where he needs. He groans at the fullness, takes it again and again, rapidly being driven closer to surrender. Mycroft meets him in one more thrust, and then his whole body contracts around John’s erection as he reaches orgasm and spurts into John’s hand, barely able to breathe through how overwhelmingly good it feels.
As much as John could never be happy with Mycroft - always working, not thrilling, not that interesting - Sherlock is sure of the opposite as well. Mycroft would have no idea what to do with John. Not like this. Mycroft would never take John out on a case, Mycroft would not want to lie down in the dirt, or giggle, or take John out for a cheap dinner. Never.
By the time they’re finished filming his tattoo and John’s said goodbye to his client, Sherlock is in conversation with Janine. “…could attempt to contact Math, who specialises in ‘Dark Trash’.”
Sherlock can see John’s body like this very clearly. John’s skin gets goose bumps from sitting still. There are blonde hairs on his arms and legs, still catching drops of water, now. The small pebbles of his nipples. The slight roundness of his stomach. John is wearing swimming trunks, but Sherlock can imagine the rest with perfect clarity. John’s penis. Soft now, close to his body.
He’s already got his hand down his pants before he’s completely awake, the vague memory of the tantalising slope of someone’s back against his naked chest,
They sit down on a bench for a while, and Violet stays fairly close, trying (and failing abysmally) to catch birds. They’re mainly sitting there in silence, but it never feels like it, with Mycroft. They’re just used to each other, John thinks. When he looks at him, Mycroft sees, and gives him a small, easy smile.
He can tattoo those in detail, and centre them by means of an intricate frame. Sherlock is capable of free handing a frame; all he needs is a stencil for the owl.
Sherlock nods. He knew his work was superior. But it is pleasing to hear them say so. Now he simply needs to recreate this success, and he will win the entire competition. He is capable of it. He merely needs to prepare his designs well and execute them impeccably.
John looks at Sherlock and swallows away some bright burst of feeling. Who else would ever say that? Sherlock means it, too, every word. He’s the most talented sod John’s ever seen. And John gets to work with him.
Oh. Mycroft eyes him. He has very little idea as to how relationships like this are meant to work, or what John even wants from him, if it is not simply sexual. But John should be allowed to stay, Mycroft imagines. “Yes. Of course.”
John seems to be familiar with the concept. Mycroft wonders again at how many young parents John sees in his capacity as a GP. Does he have this conversation often? Does it involve tears, and people saying that they cannot stand it anymore? He says, “I have help, I manage.”
John had some idea that he’d have to remind Sherlock about when to get ready, but as he wakes up on Saturday, Sherlock is already dressed in black. John feels strange getting into his own suit. He’s not even sure why he’s going, really.
“You got a lot of details just right.” Jim examines the skull with apparent glee. “The teeth at the bottom, the shape of the cranium, and the different layers of the eye sockets.” He looks up with a light in his eyes. “Creepy. I
There is no reason to be complacent or joyful about this until the moment that he is holding a second child in his arms. The process to get there will be long, frustrating and difficult. He knows it.
after seeing Sherlock’s eyes go wild like that. After seeing him hold on to Mycroft’s shoulder, and bite Mycroft’s neck as if it’s the only thing he wants to do in the whole world.
John pulls him into a stall and locks the door behind them. Sherlock is considering the limited space and how he can best kneel, when John leans in closer and - oddly - places a small kiss onto his cheek.
He could simply avoid outings and stay out of most of Violet’s schooling, but that seems impractical, and more importantly, it is not the version of a parent Mycroft wishes to be. Mycroft had been pushing himself to go out more often exactly with Violet in mind. He wishes for both Violet and William to have memories of pleasant activities with him as well.
Mycroft’s not the type to play with her much, probably. It’ll all be books, John thinks. Music, maybe. Mycroft doesn’t seem like the type of parent to teach her how to ride a bike, or to play football. Hide and seek. Actually, John can see himself and Sherlock together in a couple of years, in the middle of Regent’s Park, some of Mycroft’s security standing by the side to make sure that they don’t damage the kid. “We could teach her how to ride a bike. Play with her.”
William, like Violet, is a light sleeper. He’s often awake between feedings, whining a little. But unlike Violet, he doesn’t outright cry too often.
Sherlock is sitting on the sofa, appearing relaxed. Mycroft wonders why he greeted him like that. Just general anxiety? Mycroft does find it a comfort himself, bonding. The warmth of it is still running through him.
John thought this final day would feel crystal-clear in his mind, that he’d be nothing but focused on what he needed to do, but instead it’s this heavy haze.
“The drawing itself and the detail, you were able to capture the essence of the animal. It doesn’t have a flat look, it has a 3D texture, that idea that if I run my finger across it I can feel it.
Sherlock hums, but he probably didn’t actually hear the question. John writes him a note just in case, leaves it on the table, and then sets off.
He takes his tie next. They decided on which knot to use after discussing the options because this particular one made John grin. Sherlock can see the humour in it as well. He ties a perfect trinity knot.
Sherlock recites, “There is a sixty-two percent chance of first trimester pregnancy loss after the age of forty-five.”
Sherlock leans towards him again rather stiffly, but as soon as John kisses him, Sherlock kisses back, hard. John gives up on steering him, just lets him, time to work on that later, right? And when it’s too much, John kisses Sherlock’s neck himself. A bit of a lick, a suck, he knows how to do it right.
When a waiter comes over, Mycroft accepts another drink. It is not unpleasant to sit here and watch them. Alcohol always makes him somewhat maudlin, but if there ever was a moment where such a thing was allowed, Mycroft imagines that this would be it.
They never really discussed it. Mycroft needed Sherlock, therefore Sherlock bonded to him. Sherlock once looked up the numbers of sibling bonds and found that they are nearly non-existent. But then
John makes a slow movement with his hips, lifting them both up, pushing his cock just that bit more inside of Mycroft, and Mycroft’s breath stutters. “
That is, until John walks up to him, balancing a tray in one hand while leaning heavily on his cane.
“It’s really unexpected for an old school artist,” Irene says. “Such an original approach. It’s like you threw all you knew out of the window and finally decided to tattoo as yourself.” She looks at him. “I like it.”
“That’s it? Just no?” At least there’s a sliver of anger there. Sherlock isn’t fully happy. At least it isn’t ‘oh I’m so glad you’re sleeping with my brother, well done, John.’
He was distantly aware of the possibility that he could carry a child if he so wished, but he did not feel any regret for choosing not to. He already raised Sherlock, after all. At times he felt as if he was still raising Sherlock. Still responsible for Sherlock’s every misstep and fall, still there, waiting in the shadows to help him up. Still worrying endlessly for Sherlock’s wellbeing, feeling regret for the pure waste of such a marvellous mind.
The older woman John saw at the final opens the door. Mrs. Hudson, John presumes. Her eyes widen and she practically shouts, “John Watson!”
“It was the placement!” Raz seems frustrated. “If I could have done this in any other spot, you KNOW I would have-”
Annoyingly, Sherlock can feel some heat building for himself as well. He knows the desire that comes with bonding and this isn’t it, but still it’s close enough to it that his body is happy to pretend, apparently. Association, conditioning? Genetic imprint? Sherlock pushes the thoughts away, and presses soft, closed-mouthed kisses to John’s neck.
Sherlock can see John become more and more irritated by being stuck at home. He often grumbles about trivial things, like the laundry, or Violet spilling her drink on the floor.
Sherlock allows the feeling to permeate all of him in a softly throbbing warmth while he taps out a basic mandala.
Sherlock thinks he is about to tell him that he has no time for such frivolities, but Mycroft says, “I would shy away from roses. The meaning is rather trite, don’t you think?”
Sherlock immediately types out a reply of “Don’t bother. SH” Whatever it is that makes Mycroft want to come over, it’s bound to be annoying.
He only realises he has said it aloud when he hears John’s amused chuckle, and then feels the movement of the dildo again. The dual sensation is spectacular.
He leaves it all and gets up instead. John’s leg is more than stiff, he can barely bend it as he walks, but he goes to find Sherlock. “Hey, you.”
It took six months of clients going up and down the stairs of Baker Street to the room on the second floor where Sherlock works, and Mrs. Hudson running around making them endless cups of tea, before she asked him, “Can you…. can you tattoo over any scar, Sherlock?”
just helping out, then? John thinks about that while he positions his stencil onto the client’s thigh. It could be good to have an ally in this competition. And certainly someone like Sherlock Holmes - he’s bound to make it ‘till the end.
As much as Mycroft would like to believe that his mind has nothing to do with this physical process, he cannot help but think it. He is stressed, constantly carrying the weight of more than most could even grasp. Perhaps it is too much. Perhaps he is being forced to admit that he cannot provide this dream.
It doesn’t take long but it feels too long, every hard stroke is a movement of pain-pressure-pleasure, spiking hard behind his eyelids. Sherlock tries not to think. Just to stroke, hard, again and again, until he bends over and he comes, hard spurts of it.
Mycroft notes, “She has a well-developed sense of social interaction.” He sounds searching, as if he’s asking for an opinion.
Anthea doesn’t give any further signs of even noticing him, so John gets out on his own and says, “Right, bye.”
“Yeah, well, the trick is…” They walk to the little square with ducks, and John lets her go. “Let her have company.”
But now, John seems to be bursting with good cheer. He plays with Violet in a way that Sherlock has never seen him do before. He even continues to volunteer at the veteran’s centre.
John puts the condom to the side and pulls Sherlock to sit down next to him on the sofa. He places a hand on Sherlock’s upper leg.
Janine’s family is everywhere, Mike is tickling Rosie and trying to make her laugh, Mary looks at John oddly – but Sherlock is gone.
John looks back with a soft smile. “Sherlock…” He seems thrilled. Sherlock lowers his arms. John can go now.
The injections have certainly lost their appeal. So has the increased pressure he feels when he gets closer to implantation. The wetness between his legs, the desire for a mate, to be coupled,
And Sherlock forgets the buzz of everyone around them. All he can see is John’s eyes. John’s smile. All he can feel is John in his arms.
Mycroft smiling and carefully holding him. Letting him go down on him, the taste of him. John can imagine it well enough that his cock hardens even more.
He can feel his stomach clench the split-second before - yes! - Mycroft, in a rush of movement, leans down. Mycroft’s lips catch his, and John kisses him instantly, he barely breathes, he’s that eager for it. He puts his hand right between Mycroft’s legs, feels the shape of him, Mycroft gasps and...
Sherlock smiles smugly. He’s congratulating himself for figuring out the problem, John can tell. It’s hilarious how much Sherlock tries, sometimes. John loves him. He’s sure of that, at least. He’ll always love Sherlock, the mad bastard, the craziest thing to ever happen to his life.
John wonders if Sherlock can hear the movement of his hand, back and forth. He’s getting hard, for sure.
Irene pays no attention to either of them and continues, “There is only one way to get them done. You take that person, and you bend them into a ball, tilt them on their side, and you
He probably doesn’t know what to say, John thinks, so he asks, boldly, “What is the other hand doing? Any ideas?”
And Mycroft had to rethink his answer. He had quickly considered all possible reasons why John might inform him of this, and then said, “…I believe it is well past time.”
Mycroft is breathing shallowly. And John realises how close they are, exactly. Also, that he is basically
John lies back in the bed and smiles. He seems content. He looks at him and says, seemingly jokingly, “Well,
Mycroft feels some relief. At least Sherlock put Violet somewhere safe, first. “Do you know where he went?”
Mycroft feels a sense of discomfort, he has never in his life broadcast something as personal as this to a room full of people. But, dutifully, he says, “I believe it is time to make an announcement.”
Sherlock looks up, and John saves him the trouble. “Yes, we talked about it. And no, he’s not going for it.”
John laughs. Mycroft is aware his face must be a state. He can feel the heat of his own blush. His lips feel raw and overly stretched, but he allows himself to smile back, and briefly enjoys the warmth he feels burning in his chest.
So when he had Mycroft’s skin in front of him – shaking slightly, how ridiculously dull, a phobia of needles - Sherlock free handed linework onto his skin without any restraint at all.
“But I have to believe that there is a decent chance.” She waits, a serious expression on her face. “Yes, we’re two years further, and your age is even more of a factor now. But you did have a successful pregnancy in-between, we have enough harvested eggs from the previous cycles, and you bonded as well. I see no reason not to try.”
“Sherlock. John.” Mycroft seems exhausted, but he is also carefully holding the baby in the proper grip. The nurse clearly showed him, too. Or knowing Mycroft, he insisted on being shown.
The judges come around to each of them with the cameras in tow and have a look at their work. John tries to see what the others did, or at least hear their critiques. Raz did some lettering, and he gets a question from Mike, “You’re a self-taught tattoo artist?”
but he’d thought that they could try with the door closed, like in the hospital. Or just talking. But then the case happened and so… But this is fucking genius! John looks up at Sherlock. “This okay? For you?”
Mycroft does not know why. He is prepared to give up something difficult and painful, something that would damage his reputation, anything. And more than that, Sherlock would deserve it. To be given something of not equal value, that would be impossible, but as close to it as he can.
John makes sure he gets over halfway into the outline and colour work, then musters a smile for his client and says, “How about a break? Ten minutes?”
Maybe he made a sound, or John’s senses somehow tell him that someone is watching him, because John’s eyes open. He sits up in the bed.
John stops arranging the lights, takes the plug, and kneels by the box. “Let’s hope we didn’t fuck this up.” He plugs it in, and yes, a long string of multi-coloured lights start to glow. John gets up and smiles at him.
“...a break, please?” The client twists his arm away from the needle without waiting for his reply. Sherlock checks the clock. Over three hours gone. He is tattooing slowly today, too slow.
Jim announces, “The winner is…” His teeth reflect the camera’s light while he smiles brightly. “Sherlock!”
Even superstitious, to think that because it was on Sherlock’s birthday it would have any chance of being more successful.
“I know.” Janine seems entirely confident in what she has done. “But trash polka is about breaking the rules and employing a single colour element to great impact. I believe I did that here.”
And Mycroft could go, he has plenty of work to finish at home. Truthfully, he would quite like a hot bath and an early night, but he knows what such an offer is worth, how very rare it still is, and therefore he says, “She is a rather competent baker.”
And he did it again when Sherlock was sedated and the night felt like it would never end, a mix of shame and lust so heavy John couldn’t do anything else than pull himself off in anger, and wish it all away.
“I am going to need to need to consider this.” Mycroft looks serious. It also sounds like a dismissal.
It’s early morning, and light is filtering through the curtains in a mocking comment on how he didn’t sleep at all. His eyes burn, but he can’t close them.
John lets his legs fall open as Sherlock traces his fingertips over him. John is large for a beta. The base has some dark blonde curls. Sherlock moves his hand upwards over the shaft, to the top, where he strokes over the small bit of foreskin still there. And then traces a finger over the tip, and John shifts.
Sherlock catches himself closing his eyes and smiling, when he finally gets it right and ties John into the music.
Sherlock sits down across from Mycroft, and tries to focus. Mycroft is leaning back, projecting an air of false confidence. He’s still faintly uneasy, Sherlock can tell. Odd. Why would he care?
When John gets back to Baker Street - soaked, because he forgot to take an umbrella even though he has that nice one from Christmas - Sherlock glances at him and says, “Sex in the Bank office. You feel better now.”
He would be connected to John for life, Mycroft is aware. Outside of Sherlock’s involvement, this would be between them, personally.
So fine, yeah, why not. John writes, “Okay, I’ll bring a toothbrush!” And condoms, too, he thinks. Last time she didn’t have many left.
Sherlock tries to get into his mind palace, and when that fails, he clings to images and simple thoughts - John’s eyes. John’s name as a chant, again and again. It works for a while, but then his hips jerk, his spine twinges, his penis throbs, and it’s gone. Sherlock turns on to his belly, fucks the bed, jerks his hips back and forth, hard, insane, crazed.
John has worked this job for four years, but he’s not at all sorry it’s over. He was never that attached to it, really. Fine, they were rather flexible with his leave and sick days. Those are the benefits of a group practice, but John’s sure that he would have been fired at some point soon anyway. Mary was much better liked here than he ever was, because she tried to be. She was always great at that, wasn’t she - the superficial stuff. None of them actually knew her, but they just somehow assumed she was a good woman. That John’s the one who did something to her.
Afterwards, Mycroft puts Violet to bed, and then stretches out on his own bed with his legs up, trying to relieve some of the strain on his lower back. He briefly worries, and the thought comes accompanied with a small tensing of his stomach - back ache, what if it is… No. Mycroft calms his mind purposefully.
A woman shows an intricate web of stretch marks on her hip - Sherlock leans forward on his seat in order to see her. Some scars do not hold any pigment at all because of the excess collagen in the damaged skin, so the state of the scarred skin itself will be vitally important to the success of this challenge.
Mycroft does, and John laughs into his neck. “God, sorry, it’s just been…” Well, since last time. Which hasn’t even been two weeks, but it’s been a frustrating, heated two weeks.
There’s a large box in the hall. John wondered about that, but then he’s learned not to ask too many questions about mystery boxes throughout the years.
Mycroft smells the musk, he puts his nose right by John’s pubic hair, and opens his mouth so he can inhale it. He puts his lips near the soft, heated skin and runs them over the curve of John’s cock to the tip. As he can remember, Mycroft has never been overly fond of doing this, but he wants to taste John with a fierceness that surprises him. He licks John’s glans, savouring the flavour and the smooth hard skin there. He tongues the small slit, silently asking for more.
“Trying to do that much linework on the ribs is unforgivable,” Irene says. “It’s basic knowledge every tattoo artist needs to have. My vote is for Soo Lin.”
“Yes, I can see that.” Mycroft stands near the counter for a moment, waiting for Sherlock to finish.
said anything about a name. The baby’s hospital bracelet reads, “Baby boy Holmes, beta” but nothing more.
Mycroft feels a curious sense that he wants to give this to them, too. If he were to have a second child, he would do so not only for himself, but for them, as well.
John pushes his pants down, his sheets out of the way, and focuses on holding his half-hard cock. Teasing out the soft, heated tension in his spine. Getting lost in a fantasy or two.
The three judges retreat to a corner and deliberate for a few minutes, but it seems pretty clear who will win - Sherlock reads the words ‘Raz and Bainbridge’ on Mike’s lips and turns away. It is frustrating. They are trained tattoo artists, not car refinishers or graffiti artists. It is entirely unreasonable to expect them to be outstanding in those areas without a chance to prepare or to consider the medium and the design thoroughly.
John doesn’t much fancy this. Not that the people who are left aren’t good – God knows he’s got some questionable work, too. But to lie down on that bench while being filmed getting some work done... Plus, he’s barely got any space left. Where is he meant to put this?
Around five, right as he is in the car on his way to the Diogenes Club, his phone rings again. He checks the caller ID. ‘Mummy and Father.’
He does not feel the same deep inadequacy he did then. Then, he had been intensely uncomfortable with even admitting that he thought about a child. Then, he had felt anger at the thought that he needed this doctor’s approval for doing anything with his own body. He had nearly turned back and called it a folly, never to be thought of again.
But John’s fingers circle behind his balls, then press between his buttocks. Mycroft tenses. He twitches as John takes both his balls into his mouth again, and then breaches him with two careful fingers. The feeling is
Their body language is open, still. They’re moving in sync, as if they can’t fully be separated yet. John’s sure it’s entirely unconscious, but he likes seeing it.
Mycroft has been keeping careful track of his weight, and he weighs less at this point than he did with Violet. At times he feels proud that he is keeping the snacking and cravings under control better this time. But then he also worries that perhaps he is not getting enough nutrition, and surely he should suffer the same for this child as he did for the first. Then the idea of focusing on his weight at all seems too selfish. If he is strict enough afterwards then he will lose it, after all.
for John. It makes sense that he should fail here, right here, when it’s the ‘happily every after’ bit. When Sherlock has to be here not in the big things, but in the minutiae of everyday routine. He has to try harder to keep this.
Mycroft calls his doctor from the car. She is the UK’s foremost fertility specialist, naturally. And after all the care he has taken to never mention his condition out loud except to those who needed to know, it now no longer matters. Mycroft knows that the driver is listening to his conversation and that he is bound to remember it later, but he tells her every single detail, feeling already somewhat detached. As if he is describing this happening to someone he does not know.
John eyes Mycroft. He’s actually glad he has him alone for once because he’s been wanting to ask, “How is it going? With… everything?”
Violet looks at the boy with large eyes, on the verge of bawling herself. Sherlock and Mycroft are right behind him to take Violet, so John tries to shout over the music and asks the mother, “He all right? I’m a doctor.”
All of the clothing and nappies they bought will still be too large, now. Sherlock takes his phone, and googles ‘premature baby clothing’.
He tries not to let any of his own hopes or interests colour his voice, but he does ask, “You would bond again?”
Mycroft arrives perfectly on time, dressed down for the occasion in a light shirt and beige waistcoat, with Violet in a white dress that’s going to look nice for about thirty minutes.
It’s not what he expected it to be. It’s been a lot, well... more stilted. Awkward. It’s not ripping off clothes and begging, it’s not urgent and all about lust between them. It’s not how he imagined it at all, actually.
John knows things have changed. God knows he looks a good bit older, too, he’s going grey now, and he has lines on his face and bags under his eyes. Sherlock’s noticeably aged as well. Who knows what he even did in those years away? What Sherlock’s nightmares are about, because John’s heard him, sometimes late at night, his muffled screaming.
John nods. “Yeah.” He feels a bit guilty about doing this, now. Mycroft doesn’t need this on top of everything else, does he? Jesus, he’s pregnant, and just trying to get through his work day, probably. “Sorry, I won’t… I mean, I know you have things to do.”
“Earlier?” John smiles and slowly tells him, “It was a compliment. You’re honest. Brutally honest. I like that.”
It’s never been a hard job, really. He just sort of wades through most days, one person after the next. John sees anywhere between twenty and fifty people a day with a variety of symptoms. It can be interesting occasionally. But the truth is that anything he even cares to hear about is rare, because it’s never just symptoms, it’s always
A couple of days later, Mycroft is allowed light exertion again. And after a day of moving around the house without any negative reaction, Mycroft calls for a car to bring him to Baker Street.
When John pulls away slightly, it’s too soon. Or too late, Sherlock isn’t certain. Sherlock’s right hand has found a home on the curve of John’s lower back and is rubbing a circle there. His left hand is at John’s neck. His fingers are splayed over the very beginning of John’s nape, tracing John’s bare skin. Meeting John’s eyes feels impossible like this, but he does so anyway.
John cleans off the tattoo, wraps it up, and says goodbye to the client easily enough. Then he walks over to Sherlock’s space again like he’s being pulled there by a magnet. “You manage to finish that fish?”
Of course Mycroft knows very well why, she is moving beneath his skin right now, still here. His daughter.
They open the wine. And yes, Mycroft himself is drinking, aware that should indulge in it this Christmas, because by next Christmas he might have another newborn. Inspector Lestrade, Miss Hooper, and Mrs. Hudson happily chat away. John pours drinks and occasionally throws a look towards Sherlock. Sherlock plays his violin on request. It is almost
Mycroft is wearing one of his sternest suits, dark with pinstripes and a red tie. He’s dressed for battle, Sherlock knows. Mycroft hasn’t dressed Violet in anything special yet, but he takes out a bag when they’re fifteen minutes out and hands it to him, “Can you change her?”
Sherlock bonds with apparent gusto, and Mycroft does not stop him. He does not know whether Sherlock is appeasing his own fears, or somehow claiming him, or John. Just that Sherlock gave him even more without asking anything back.
Afterwards, a sad tension suddenly lifted. Sherlock didn’t realise that it had been there for the past months, but now that it is gone, it feels instantly better. And it’s
It’s dark, so Sherlock can’t see John’s face, but he feels fairly confident that John likes this. Sherlock leans over, licks, and then sucks, hard. John moves his legs and sighs.
Sherlock stands in the pool with Violet’s slight shape clinging to him, getting her used to the sensation of the water lapping at her legs, and looks on while John slowly swims a lap, and then comes back.
Mycroft calls for a driver, and sits down on the back seat of a town car. Even though he realistically knows that his posture will not make a difference, he cannot help but move with a studied care. He tells the driver to drive him to the hospital, with an authoritative voice, and avoids the quick, questioning look in the man’s eyes. Maybe because of that, or maybe because of the arm that he has protectively held around his stomach - a weak pose, he knows, but he cannot find it in himself to do anything else - the driver floors it.
They get in the cab, tell the driver the address, and John asks, “So, what do we know so far?” He looks as if he’s ready to rub his hands together and get down to it, and Sherlock feels a stab of fondness for him.
John sits back down and sets to finishing his piece, and in all, the times passes by quickly enough. John’s
The last hours of the tattoo, John focuses only on what he needs to do. He has pure tunnel vision. One line after the next, every detail is magnified for him, and he doesn’t think of anything else because there’s no space left for anything else.
Sherlock notes, a couple of days before the third implantation, “You’re trying again soon, your levels are high.”
Molly smiles. “I wasn’t. I mean, I was in advance, when we were planning to elope, all of that. But when I was standing there, finally? I looked at Greg, and I just… I could feel all of the doubt fall away. I knew it was him I wanted to marry, and then it wasn’t scary at all anymore.”
Sherlock takes John’s penis in his hand and buries his nose in John’s neck. He moves his hand back and forth. He doesn’t hate it, it’s not horrible, to hear John’s soft sighs. To smell his arousal. To hold him so close in the dark. John says, quietly, “Hm…” and Sherlock speeds it up.
Jim shrugs, obviously already bored with the design. “Passable.” He bounces on his feet a little. “Next!”
He wanted to use all of his leave, first, and then take an extended leave of absence. But he barely has any days left, all they need is another good case and he’s run out for the year. Or for Violet to get sick, or Mycroft to need bed rest, or any combination of things.
It’s more than pleasant to play again. Sherlock had almost forgotten how joyful a piece it really is, full of laughter and warmth. There is some sorrow running through it, hard and deep, but it always returns to the quiet melody of delight.
He experienced three miserable years of university life and grew immensely bored of chemistry in the process. Still, science has always made sense to him. It is a study of predictable and observable reactions, and Sherlock enjoyed the simplicity.
John sees no harm in telling her. “Just Mycroft’s.” He feels pretty great, actually. “No one else anymore.”
They don’t have time to colour the car fully, not with these tools. But certain accents across the car, if well-placed, will suggest the sense of a dragon.
John goes to work, comes home hours late because of another doctor being out, and Sherlock’s not done a single thing while he was gone. He’s still lying on the sofa, back turned to him. John asks, worried now, “Sherlock?” And as he turns around John, for a brief, terrifying second thinks that he’s in heat again. Sherlock’s hair is in disarray, and he looks agitated. But he doesn’t smell like it. “...You all right?”
As soon as everyone is seated, the judging commences. Mike, then Irene, and lastly Jim arrive at the podium.
They talk on about Violet. They both know why they’re here, only, John doesn’t want to get to it either.
Mycroft has had the appointment in his schedule for weeks, but then when it suddenly is time, he feels a spike of fear.
So Sherlock gets up after a while, and buys John another drink. A piece of cake, as well. He brings two forks so they can share, because he has seen that on TV once. John smiles at it, and eats most of it by himself. Sherlock, observing him from across the vintage sofa, feels that he did this right.
John blinks. “...I’ll stay anyway.” What, is Sherlock doubting that? He wouldn’t be totally… Fine, he wouldn’t be totally happy maybe, but he’d stay. “I’m not going anywhere.”
They donate the other useless gifts to a homeless shelter – two mixers, a microwave, three kettles. Sherlock keeps some of the kitchen appliances back for experiments as well.
He is aware that all of these thoughts are simply exaggerated by his hormonal state. He is filled with bonding hormones right now and is feeling highly emotional, but that does not make it feel any less genuine.
Sherlock licks his hand, a quick swipe of his tongue over his palm, and tastes a faint trace of musk. Sweat as well. There are pores on his hands, and he is sweating, so arousal for him, too? No, he does not have an erection himself, not at all.
Sherlock has been kissed before. He has instigated it himself a couple of times, but usually for a specific reason. To impress. To misguide. People are easily won that way. It has never felt good. Sherlock actively despises it when there is tongue involved, when it makes the other pant and drool and behave irrationally. But John didn’t do any of that. Sherlock expected that he might, that John would move on top of him and kiss him more - he was going to let him.
The woman nods. She eyes Sherlock as he gratefully sinks onto the back seat. “He’s going into a heat?”
The week after that there is a Christmas tree in the corner, and John is decorating it while Sherlock offers his opinion about the battered ornaments. Mycroft walks in without either of them hearing, and he manages to startle Sherlock with a completely accurate and intricate deduction about a green, dented Christmas angel - bought between ’67 and ’68, a loan from Mrs. Hudson, given to her by her family on the occasion of her first year of marriage, simple.
It’s true. It’s not just Sherlock. John’s gotten used to the crying, and the nappies, and the disruption of it all. Somewhere in the last year he’s grown to love her, too.
There’s not a moment of hesitation. Mycroft immediately kisses him back, and it feels intense straight away. John fists his hand in the back of Mycroft’s waistcoat, Mycroft moans into his mouth, and it just pierces him, how much he
. Sherlock wants to know the soldier’s name. His birth date. He wants to know what his favourite Chinese place is, and how he likes his toast. And despite Sherlock’s superb reasoning skills, London is too densely-populated to make a definite guess about his living situation. Sherlock could get it down to a few streets, but that still means thousands upon thousands of flats and house-shares.
John has no idea what’s showing on his own face, but he says, “I meant it. Everything I said.” John glances at the carefully closed bedroom door, aware that Sherlock can probably hear at least some of this.
And then, with unexpected inspiration, Mycroft reaches down to the top of a nearby low wall and grabs a handful of snow. He presses it into a ball, small enough to hide in his gloved hand, and then walks up to them.
Mycroft replies a couple of minutes later, “CCTV picked him up near Islington about an hour ago. I believe it might be best if you go home. MH”
Sherlock leans close enough to smell - under a chemical layer of soap - the scent of sex, and omega.
“Yeah.” John’s surprised Mycroft even bothered to bring the file over himself. Usually it’s one of his assistants, looking scary and dressed in black. Maybe he thought it needed personal attention. Or he wanted to check up on Sherlock, more likely.
John walks into the church. St.Bartholomew The Great - adjoining the hospital - is the oldest church in London, Sherlock told him. It’s also slowly filling with people. He walks up to the front and meets their registrar, a stern-looking public sector worker. Neither of them were into the idea of a religious ceremony. They found her family dog for her when it was kidnapped a few years back, and she’d been only too happy to do it.
Mycroft smiles at him, distantly. “Oh, I would rather leave. But I believe one only has to attend their mother’s funeral once, so onward we go.”
He lies down, and the doctor measures and palpates his stomach, and then does the sonogram. The baby is moving. The circle of his head is very clear, as well as his arms and legs. When he kicks, it is even entirely obvious that it is a boy. The doctor laughs, and Mycroft allows himself a smile.
Sherlock’s a badly lit lump. “Yes.” Sherlock turns in a whoosh of blankets, and says, sounding tired, “Come to bed, John.”
The thought alone makes him feel a nervousness that he does not remember from the first time he slept with John. Mycroft knows that he cannot linger in this undefined state of feeling close to John but not revealing too much. More than that, he
He has done it before. Mary owns a few toys, and John’s tried them when she wasn’t around. Sneakily wanking himself crazy with one in his arse, feeling a burn of shame and then coming until he saw stars.
John is looking at the lake now. The trees. Violet is much better behaved here than she was at home, where she was nagging, crying, and destroying her toys simply out of frustration. Mycroft knows that Sherlock is right to do this with her so often. It’s just that he himself does not particularly enjoy it. Although this is not too bad. It is busy and there are people visible all over and by the lake, but John chose their spot well.
Violet is crying now, too. She’s leaning onto Mycroft’s chest, and hiding her face into his collar. William has woken up and is complaining, and Sherlock is rocking him slightly to calm him down.
“Your flash challenge today is a special one,” Mike continues. He looks towards the entrance, where - in bright orange robes - a monk walks in.
Janine is looking at her phone. “’Bridge says that he would have loved to tattoo any of you.” She grins. “As long as it’s not on the arse.”
He then tries to get some work done as well as get himself and Violet changed. In both cases not too early, because there always are potential accidents involving food or various bodily fluids waiting to happen around a baby, and Mycroft is all too aware of the danger of wearing a freshly dry-cleaned suit around her for too long.
When they’re discussing what to do about them, Mycroft smiles wryly and says, “I imagine that this is a preview for what puberty will be like.”
Sherlock has experience observing and reconceptualising art into tattoos, but that is not what this challenge is. Replication - they mean for them to use classical art, overly reproduced, nauseatingly
John thinks of sucking Mycroft’s cock while putting his fingers inside of him. John wants to lick the come off,
“Yeah?” John thrusts in hard enough it feels like a wave of pressure, and then bites his teeth into Mycroft’s neck.
for him. John can feel his cock bop up at the sight. That gorgeous arse, dripping wet and aching for him.
. More than hot, more than worth it, more than the shift of his hips and a quick release like he’s used to.
“Fine.” Sherlock feels annoyed that he won’t say. It’s important - nausea is a sign of changing hormone levels as the pregnancy progresses.
Sherlock is sitting in his own chair, quite plainly listening to the story as well. Mycroft stops in the doorway, and waits.
Sometimes, he takes both of them on to his lap and simply sits with them until they sleep. Violet is getting too big for it, but it calms her.
He could go be with Greg and Molly and feel like the third wheel all day, faintly jealous of their perfectly normal life. Mike’s busy with his kids on the weekends. Even Mrs. Hudson’s got ‘a fellow’. And John is home with Sherlock, staring at the walls.
But John and Violet make him a crown - that Violet then insists on wearing herself all day. They sing him ‘Happy Birthday’ over a collection of lemon drizzle cupcakes brought up by Mrs. Hudson. Mycroft comes to collect Violet early, and he leaves an expensive bottle of cognac on the kitchen table and rare eighteenth-century sheet music on Sherlock’s violin case.
. He had been planning to do it silently. Maybe in Morse code, to see if he’d get it. Or maybe just type it on his phone and show it to him. Say, ‘we don’t have to talk, but dinner?’
Sherlock does not hesitate, and it immediately feels unusually enjoyable - Mycroft can feel his whole body heat up and radiate want when Sherlock bonds to him. Mycroft suppresses it out of habit, he can, but it is slightly harder when Sherlock
Mycroft, Sherlock, all three of them - it’s like they’re on a holiday from real life. Like nothing truly matters now, right before the baby’s born. They’re all good, all feeling happy. All preparing for the sleepless nights, but god - he’s in love. John’s in love with
After a while, it becomes a sort of trance. Tattoo a line, wipe it off. Tattoo another line, wipe. John’s always searched for that feeling of being so focused that the rest of the world fades away. It’s the closest he can get now to what it was like to work in an A&E or Afghanistan - his vision zooms in on the client right in front of him and the work that needs to be done.
Mycroft opens the door. “John, good evening.” Even though it’s Friday evening and he’s at home, Mycroft’s still in a full suit, even shoes. John always assumed that as soon as he got home he would change into a dressing gown or something, but apparently not.
They sit down on a picnic bench and eat the snacks prepared by Mrs. Hudson. Mycroft gamely eats some of the cherry tomatoes, bits of carrot, and pre-sliced apples from cling film. John allows Violet a biscuit after, and Mycroft has one, too. The heat is stifling. Mycroft’s shirt is pasted to his back, and even John looks flushed.
He breathes for a bit. The air carries some cool wind from the water, but the sun’s heating up. John’s never been here much, by the docks. It’s not even that far from where he lives, but it’s not… He never thinks about doing stuff like this. Going out just to be outside. They’ve always got something on, especially now Rosie’s here.
Sherlock nods at Mike, looking a tad arrogant, John thinks. Actually, more than a tad, the man’s proud as fuck, haughty, conceited, all of that. Is he going to put John on that chair? Because what, he ‘cares’?
“Right.” The smell and the burn in John’s lungs feel familiar already. He’ll quit again after this, it’s not like he wants to make a habit out of it. But dammit, this is good.
Or doesn’t he? Sherlock eyes him quickly. John doesn’t think that he likes that better, does he? Sherlock despises it, that urge to push Mycroft down and
He really has no clue what Sherlock and grief is even like. Or what Sherlock’s relationship with his mother is, really. John doesn’t know the details there at all. As much as Sherlock talks about his own childhood when he tells stories to Violet, it never features their parents. At all.
Is that what this was always meant to be, Sherlock breaking down so John could be built up in comparison?
And despite William growing well, despite Violet having many happy moments in-between her tantrums, despite Mycroft carrying several successful negotiations at work, he feels an overwhelming sense of failure.
John shifts his weight from one leg to the other when his muscles spasm painfully. It’s a clear night. There are stars.
John comes home from work, and opens the door to a Sherlock who quickly looks up with a giant smile. “John!” He has Violet lying down on a pillow on the sofa, kicking her arms and legs at him.
He probably feels embarrassed that he even said it, but John can hardly be blamed for not being entirely within his right mind with this amount of hormones around. Mycroft can sympathise. “Do not concern yourself, John, I am aware of the effects of this.” He even accompanies it with a smile, wishing to appear certain that it, in fact, does not matter.
He’s right. Sherlock looks up from the bed. He’s entirely naked, lying on top of his sheets and outlined by the sun falling into the room. His hair is wet, and there are droplets of water standing out on his stomach. His cock is soft and lying along the side of his leg.
His various twinges and aches all gather to create a state of continuous discomfort. No matter how he sits, or lies, or turns, he is in pain. He has not slept for more than a few hours at a time in weeks. His hip is seen to by a physical therapist every week, and he is followed closely by his physician, but there is no more they can offer him. He simply needs to bear it.
“...Clearly.” Sherlock takes the excuse while his heart thunders and all of him nearly vibrates off the mattress.
he think? For all John knows this was an average night for Sherlock. Ten, no, eleven men in a row? He might have done John, too, if he’d asked.
There is no reason for her to be here at this hour, unless she came from someone else’s room as well. Clearly. Sherlock can see her recently painted nails - bright red - and detects a faint perfume lingering around her. He ventures a well-founded guess. “Irene?”
Sherlock clinks his glass to John’s. “Ours.” Even saying it feels strange, as if he has no right to that word.
Sherlock goes to bed. When John comes in and lies down next to him, he smells overpoweringly like shampoo and their shared shower gel. It’s almost a shame. Sherlock searches for his reaction to it and can’t find it.
And then Sherlock cleans up, comes over to sit on the sofa next to him, and says, “Have you seen this?”
And it’s not fair. If he could turn it off, John’s sure that they’d both be a lot happier. No expectations.
And Sherlock says, maybe stupidly, but he can feel it so clearly that saying it won’t change a single thing, “I love you.”
Mycroft is another story. Sherlock can deduce Mycroft’s physical pain as well as his sexual satisfaction – it’s a rather strange look on him. But Mycroft also seems worried more often than not. He has been entirely forthcoming on helping with the wedding, though, much more so than Sherlock had ever expected.
After they’ve picked Violet up out of a puddle - she tends to need a bath or at the very least a quick wash after going to the park, John forgot to tell Mycroft that - they walk on.
Her eyes linger on his hand and the ring there for a fraction of a second before she asks, “Was it a successful wedding, sir?”
He walks up to the park carefully. The snow was falling for most of the night and the top layer is fresh, but there might be icy patches underneath. Mycroft is aware that the cold won’t do his back any favours. But to his surprise, he does somewhat enjoy the sound of the snow crunching under his shoes, the cold air, and the oddly tinted grey brightness of the sky. It looks like it might snow again.
Mycroft can already hear John’s voice inside 221b. He is joking, or at least he sounds like it. Sherlock’s reply is muffled, short, but Mycroft can hear from the tone of his voice that he is amused.
John’s not all that sure that he would have made a half-decent father anyway. But he would have tried.
But still, Mycroft gladly organises details. Mycroft desires for them to have the best day possible, naturally. Also, the fact that he is being asked for help in making their wedding happen is more than gratifying. He truly does appreciate it.
Sherlock tilts the pack towards him to show it is empty. He did not bring enough, he was on the verge of quitting - again - before this.
John lies down on his bed and tries to get his head straight. It’s not even nine yet. He didn’t have a drink. There’s nothing to blame for what he was angling for back there. But he’s married. He has a kid. This isn’t
He has to move past a trail of spilled muesli and put a series of half-empty bottles into the sink before he can even
Sherlock is thinking more about that than he is about the murder, but as they arrive and he can see the building cordoned off by police, he focuses on the case.
He sits on the windowsill and smokes. He lights one cigarette after the next, then forgets about them and leaves them burning in the ashtray. He checks the website. It’s been seventeen minutes. He lights another cigarette, takes a single drag from it, and stubs it out. He checks the website again. It’s still been seventeen minutes. He lights another.
“No.” Mycroft looks at John. Is there anything left but being truthful? “He believes that you will move on to someone else soon.”
In the afternoon, Mycroft is in his office in the City, all clean lines and gleaming windows, handling the last of the press on the incident. He never enjoys working here. There is something about the skyscraper built out of glass that makes him feel exposed, and he refuses to handle anything too delicate here. Rain is hitting the windows, uncomfortably reminding him of John.
It is a sad thing to admit that deep down, he does not have that much capacity for love. He cannot feel what others seem to feel.
John’s almost expecting Sherlock not to bother with dessert, but they linger over the food. Then sit close together in the cab home. He could almost forget that it wasn’t a date.
The pregnancy is visible now in Mycroft’s posture, and the way he walks. Sherlock doesn’t think he’s heavier this time around than the first, but his stomach seems to be expanding earlier.
Mycroft could make John spell it out. Hearing John summarise it would help Mycroft understand John’s motives and desires, but he finds himself unwilling to drag this out any longer. “Sherlock feels that you being with someone besides himself benefits your relationship.” As unwise as that might be. “But that person can never be me, John. It would complicate our lives endlessly.”
But then Violet asks for a story, or William starts crying, and Sherlock is pulled back into the moment.
“Your birthday was in January.” Mycroft reminds him, “I gave you a pair of Italian lambskin gloves, and you then employed various acidic substances to burn holes into them.”
John takes Violet back, then on impulse stops in a bakery on the way, smiling a bit. It’s a special date. Or well, he missed it, but John remembers Mycroft’s face at the biscuits – he’ll probably appreciate this, too.
John’s fingers find his face, then his mouth. John puts a hand to the side of Sherlock’s head, leans in, and hovers his lips over his for just a second before pressing them closer.
Well. That is probably understandable. Mycroft does not believe Sherlock entirely, but he hands him the car seat with Violet. Into the fray, then.
It’s still a bit intense to watch them bond like that. It doesn’t excite him, not really, but John will admit to a thought or two of sitting in front of Sherlock and asking him for some of that, as well. It wouldn’t do much for him, he knows that, but he’s sure he’d enjoy it anyway.
Actually, John’s pretty sure that Sherlock would have gone for that, and the thought stings. After all, John has done exactly what those men did tonight. John wonders how
Mycroft shifts on his chair. John imagines he’s thinking of a nice way to say ‘no fucking way and get out of my library,’ but what Mycroft does say, rather sharply, is, “You would want to be the father?”
John occasionally still thinks about Sherlock asking to marry him, so long ago now. John never got why he’d want to, Sherlock, of all people. Why he’d care, why he’d even ask, but John thinks he’s starting to get it now. Sherlock got it wrong, it’s not John who’s the romantic. Oh, no. It’s Sherlock.
Mycroft feels the shudder of warmth and comfort it brings, and breathes out deeply. It is a ‘thank you,’ given in a touch that Sherlock knows is more reliable than words would be. It is brief, but he appreciates it.
John wants to say ‘thank you’, but then he’s not sure if that’s it, really. Sherlock shouldn’t feel as if he has to watch him. It probably wasn’t too great for him, was it?
There are only five of them now after Bainbridge left. John’s already told him he can come by the shop some day and he’ll show him some old school tricks for shading.
It’s good. It’s amazing. It’s temporary - Sherlock knows that now more than ever. John is looking for someone to have sex with, he always is and he hasn’t stopped. John doesn’t care about gender, beta or omega. Sherlock has seen John eye up alphas with a challenging gleam in his eye, too. John is like that, he looks them over, and thinks of how he wants them in his bed, under him, over him.
John places the stencil onto his client’s skin, assembles his dual-coiled machine, and starts tattooing.
Sherlock doesn’t tell him. He just holds on harder and feels the rumble of John’s voice under his body. Smells him. And tries not to feel too hopeful.
And Mycroft can lie to him, easily. But then what does that truly accomplish? Sherlock already knows that he is trying. “Yes.”
The difference being that, eventually, he did get there with her, and he had plenty of manual distraction in the meantime.
“Well, that’s a compliment coming from you.” Mike smiles, knowing what he said to be true. “You definitely got the brushstroke feel in there. That’s quite the technical application you used.”
Sherlock will definitely want to tattoo himself, John thinks. He said he did his own arms, even. Sherlock’s hand doesn’t waver; he quickly picks the skull closest to him, turns it over, and then meets John’s eyes for a fraction of a second before reading it out. “John.”
Sherlock’s face pulls. For a moment, John thinks that he’ll say no. That he won’t want to be helped, or maybe it’s being touched. Or that John’s being useful at all. That it’s worth it, that he’s even here. Sherlock hadn’t asked him to come along, after all. John just did.
John thinks about it, too. Actually, the arousal he felt at Mycroft’s is coming back the more he does consider it. It would be good, between them. John can even feel it when they’re standing close together and not saying anything - they don’t need to, it’s just there.
“Let’s meet your canvasses.” A row of volunteers walk out, and Mike continues, “John, you won the illustrative blackwork flash challenge, so you now have the power to assign the canvasses. They are open to any design, but they have a location in mind where they want to be tattooed.”
John can see Janine collect her tablet, newspapers, and a collection of paints, and bring it all to the large table in the middle of the studio.
Sherlock isn’t sure why, but he likes saying it. Even though he’s aware it isn’t entirely true, John asked him to pretend, didn’t he? “You’re mine now.” His voice sounds odd.
Getting his pregnant body out of bed is a mission that takes at least a full minute of waiting for the dizziness to recede before standing. He dresses first, and only then wakes Violet and focuses on her, so that she is at least dressed and fed by the time the nanny takes over. Mycroft does not need to do this, but he already has so little time with her, and he believes in the power of routine. He wants to be the person who puts her to bed in the evenings and wakes her in the mornings.
John lowers his mouth right over the fabric of Sherlock’s trousers, and says, making sure to breathe closely to it, “Hello, good lookin’.”
Mycroft is still eyeing them with well-hidden satisfaction. Sherlock can hear it in his voice, too, “There are much more important things in life than that, John.”
When he walks in, it is to John and Sherlock at breakfast, although both are dressed. John smiles, “So, the big day?”
This is his own choice, and he is ready to live with the consequences. But they should not be Sherlock’s.
She gives him a smack of a kiss on the cheek, and then wriggles to be let go. As always, her hellos are enthusiastic but short. Mycroft puts her back down, and she goes straight back to tormenting her doll.
John catches Sherlock’s wince and suppresses a smile. Yeah, it’s a bit cheesy, the way they announce these things.
Mycroft’s not the only one who’s not used to the sun and spent too long in it over the weekend. John treats second-degree burns on a ten-year-old, then five more cases before lunch. He eats quickly and gets ready for the next deluge, then doesn’t get out until after seven.
And they always spend some time just simply swaying together, too, which John likes more. To close his eyes and lean his face against Sherlock’s shoulder is nice. That’s when they dance best, actually, because then he’s not struggling for control so much.
“Yes.” Sherlock glances at John. He doubts that John asks for help lightly, so he treats it as the serious demand that it is. “I will. John.”
Mycroft goes back to his library. He attempts to view this experience as a closed chapter, now. But the truth is that he has not behaved like this in a very long time. It has been almost a decade since he has allowed himself to openly admit to wanting someone.
He asks for a bonding cautiously. But he should not have doubted it, since Sherlock is obviously eager to help. Sherlock bites hard, and the rush of it is enough to make Mycroft respond. To make him fall sharply into his own body and feel the wet, shuddering desire between his legs. The heat building between the two of them. The deep
After that highly uneasy moment during which Mycroft turned away from John’s kiss a week after William’s birth, John has been entirely respectful. Some of John’s texts have appeared again, often asking Mycroft how he is, whether John can help, or details about practical arrangements for either of the children.
By the time John returns, the spill has been dealt with, but now Violet is yelling to tell them more about her bath and William needs his bottle.
“You’re not…?” John asks, and he doesn’t seem angry yet, but he will be eventually, Sherlock knows. He doesn’t meet John’s eyes. No, he’s not aroused. Not at all. “Do you want me to, um?” John sounds hesitant.
Sherlock has always known what John thinks about sex, since John never stops thinking it. He’s not gay, he says, but he will hit on anyone. Look at anyone. And, Sherlock suspects, sleep with anyone. So that John was affected by his heat and offered him sex doesn’t matter. Sherlock’s not surprised. John feels bad about it, he can tell, but it’s okay.
is Sherlock’s slightly sweaty hand in his. He sees Sherlock’s pale face and feels Sherlock’s deep eyes on him.
There are cars pulling up around them and people spilling out. It feels like a wave ready to swallow them, and for a moment, Sherlock wants nothing more than to go home. To pull all of them along and close the door of 221b. Keep John right there on the sofa, William to his chest, Violet on his lap, bond to Mycroft, to keep all of them close and just
“Sure.” John sits, takes his shoes off, and turns onto his stomach as instructed. It’s not exactly how he pictured undressing for Sherlock, is it? He tries to put it out of his mind. This is about a tattoo, and that’s all.
He starts off with a long and painful note, dragging the room along with him into the aching sadness of those first weeks when John was back. Sherlock relives how much he tried, how much he
He is clearly deriving a vicarious thrill of danger and suspense from the stories. But Sherlock can tell by John’s breathing that he is well overdue for another painkiller, as well. He simply hasn’t noticed yet.
Perhaps because of it, his best memories of his pregnancy with Violet were at the very end. When he was bonding with Sherlock in those last weeks. When she seemed so real, underneath his skin.
There’s wetness by his toes, drops of water on his erect penis, and he is aware that he could get off again, so easily. Instead he puts the bottle of water down, ignores his erection, ignores it all, and lies down on his bed again.
Sherlock touches his leg, and John doesn’t stop him. Sherlock’s fingers wander up over his trousers he -
Sherlock goes back and forth from Mycroft’s room to the NICU all night. To bond, John assumes, and to inform him of every single detail.
The man – Sherlock Holmes, John assumes – looks up and glances at him for a long moment, and then stubs his cigarette into an ashtray.
. John’s used to some of that, but it’s more that he’s quiet, not joking or laughing. He’s still fabulous with Violet though, so it’s not like they seriously have to be worried here, it’s just… John’s seen Sherlock eye him, too.
Part of Sherlock wants to sink to his knees and observe John’s feet. He wants to see the smallest detail.
John yelled a bit at her for that. Later, Sherlock wisely took her out to the park on his own so that he at least could breathe. John’s respect for full-time parents has grown quite a bit. He always thinks that they know Violet well and that they’re used to taking care of her. But when it comes down to it, they only have her over for four or five hours a day, and after that they’re free to do whatever. This is different.
He sprays the hot and swollen skin down, then wipes the sheen of ink and blood off, and gives the client a chance to have a look at it in the mirror. John stretches, and then carefully stands so his leg can take his weight gradually. The production people come by to take pictures of his work for judging, and then John rubs the tattoo in with Vaseline and wraps it with cling film.
“I will determine that.” Sherlock is already placing the privacy screen so they’re hidden from the cameras.
Mycroft has mentioned nothing but the negatives - it’s too complicated, they are risking too much. It’s all true. But what if it actually would work? “What if it’s worth it? JW”
John is laboriously lowering himself to sit on the ground in order to draw around the wheel arches of his car. The manoeuvre is clearly painful, but he does not ask Janine for assistance, or to swap places. He likely believes that he needs to prove his worth as an equal in the team or something preposterous like that - Sherlock thinks again that he would have done much better at dividing the work between himself and John, if given the chance. This manoeuvring will likely pain John for days to come, making him a less effective… Ah. Of course.
Lestrade is clearly glad to have them back on call, and in a bizarrely good mood. He even tries to hug him once. Sherlock lets him, until he whispers into his ear, “It’s good that you and John made up again, Sherlock.” When Lestrade lets go, Sherlock just nods at him, feeling something pulse in his chest.
“No.” It doesn’t feel like much of an admission, but Mycroft’s breath sounds surprised. Can he not fathom how defective Sherlock really is? How much he is missing? Sherlock does like it when John kisses his cheek, like he did at the doctor’s practice, because it implies ownership, familiarity, it is a gesture of meaning. But it has never made him feel anything positive.
Sherlock rocks William, who has fallen asleep between their shared body heat. Sherlock’s eyes shine as he looks at him, and Mycroft says, aware there is little emotion in his voice, “It is good to see you so happy, Sherlock.”
Sherlock turns around and walks up the stairs. He can hear John’s movement. He glances back with something tense in his throat, and sees John drawing Mycroft in, and then kissing him slowly. Gently. Mycroft is still holding Violet in his arms, and even she is giggling.
Sherlock is ready for it - Mycroft. The usual speeches. The pretend sorrow, the disappointment, the idle treats.
Mycroft is slow to lean away, too. He coughs. Then turns to sit against the sofa normally. He has a flush on his cheeks.
He finds it both deeply fulfilling and strangely unnecessary, so Mycroft ends up telling John that he is fine - truly - often.
As ever, Sherlock dislikes having to agree on every detail. Molly’s general presence already deeply annoys him. So do the loud clicks of shaking the cans, the rush of the spray, and the thin scent of paint that carries through the tight mask. Sherlock fantasises about pulling the respirator off, throwing it to the ground, and walking out of the space never to return.
They’re still the same as they always were. There’s no ‘new relationship’ phase. Most of their days consist of work, babysitting, and the occasional case. Quiet evenings at home.
John expects an answer like ‘good’ or something, Sherlock’s never been much for the flowery descriptions of lust, if he even feels it. But Sherlock shakes his head. His eyes are full of something urgent. “John, I can’t, I…”
John wakes to the sound of a muffled cry. He opens his eyes, blurry - he barely fell asleep, is it morning already? - to see Sherlock trying to grab Violet and quiet her without waking him.
The next day, John goes to his volunteering job, but he doesn’t return home at his usual time and then texts that he has a few errands to run - quite clearly attempting to avoid Mycroft when he comes to pick Violet up for the night. Sherlock doesn’t mind.
Not that they have that much time for it. It’s sort of in-between caring for the kids, whenever possible.
Sherlock sucks in a quick breath. Yeah. John knows what that feels like. He tries to open Sherlock’s trousers. It’s a bit of clumsy fumbling, but Sherlock takes over. He opens his buttons and pulls it all down in one go. His cock is still soft, but it’s nice and pink between his pale legs. John puts a hand on Sherlock’s bare hip, then leans in to suck him.
,” Irene says. “As well as winning a second time in the trash polka challenge with your bright and daring
John sits up slowly - his back isn’t made for sleeping like this anymore – and walks over to him. He hesitates, but then puts a hand on Sherlock’s bony shoulder. Sherlock feels cold, too. John doesn’t know what to say, his mind’s muddled with sleep, never mind that there’s not really words for ‘I know it really sucks that your mum died but seriously, running away, don’t.’ So John doesn’t say anything.
Mycroft can only breathe against John’s lips. They are going so very fast, but he cannot deny that he wants this. John’s hand travels the base of his penis, feeling his balls, learning the shape of him, and Mycroft is stunned by how intimate it feels to have John’s hand between his legs, and John’s face so close. It has the embarrassing effect of making his erection harden and notably twitch.
Mycroft’s eyes are falling closed. The sheets feel comforting on his bare skin, and he can hear his own voice say, “Please take no offence John, but I am going to fall asleep within minutes.”
The news spreads through his connections and the offices, as such things tend to do. Mycroft ignores surprised glances, doubting ones, and intrusive questions alike.
There are noises in the corridor. Doctors and nurses chatting, beds being moved. Some footsteps growing louder, passing by, and then fading away again. The occasional echo of a conversation.
Violet has finally given in and fallen asleep on the sofa, so only Mycroft is left now, sitting in a chair. He won’t admit it, but he’s in pain. Sherlock has seen him put pressure on his hip when he takes the stairs, and right now he has several pillows stuffed behind his back. The bags under his eyes are signs of sleepless nights, as well. Sherlock says, “You’re not resting enough.”
John understands why they gave it to him - Raz is good, so they assign him to do the hardest tattoo of the day. It’s tough luck for him though.
He had instructed Anthea to only contact him during the wedding if there was an issue of the utmost importance. She had not. And because of it, he had a full day to focus solely on his family. Mycroft is exceedingly glad that he was able to do so.
Sherlock can’t think in words for a moment, but when what John said falls into meaning, he feels a flash of pride.
John goes back in, and as Sherlock closes the door behind him quietly, John sits down and lies back against the sofa cushions. He’s tired. He smiles. “Can I get tucked into bed now?
The texting with John starts again tentatively, but as soon as they are both certain that it feels right again, Mycroft feels as if not much has changed. John is slightly less open, a bit more careful about insinuating anything, and so is Mycroft. But it works.
By the time Sunday rolls around it feels like a special occasion. Sherlock gets out of bed and immediately runs into Mrs. Hudson, who’s already proclaiming the state of their living room not being fit for guests, and that she still has to prepare the fondant and pre-heat the oven.
And so he allows himself to research. At age forty-two Mycroft reads up on hormone routines and percentages with a carefully detached sense of interest. He sees the list of every medical step it would take to have a child unbonded, alone.
John grins. Sometimes it’s like Sherlock’s from another planet, some alien trying to figure out the local customs. How to interact with people.
Yeah, John can smell it, too. Not as bad as the time that he had her on his lap and she sort of exploded all over her clothes, though.
Sex with Mycroft is much better than he ever imagined it would be. Mycroft just needs to get close, and John can feel himself respond, ready for it. He hadn’t done three times a night in
They present her with the gift when she comes up to ‘check on their dishes’ but mostly to hold William. She gasps when she sees the dark wood.
“I have, I have this friend, she does an act with balloons now, it’s hilarious. She was at the Fringe, she…” Janine talks on.
Mycroft would feel somewhat self-conscious if he did not see the clear amusement in John’s eyes, obviously inviting him to joke along. So he says, “Always a pleasure, John.”
There is a mess of chatter all around him. The same overly cheerful nurse tells him “Well done, sir. Great job!” The surgeon is talking about stitches, the anaesthesiologist is adjusting something by his head, and Mycroft has to block them all out in order to be able to hear what is being said across the room about the baby. He picks up, “Respiratory distress.”
“Yeah, that one’s definitely not mine.” John says it quickly. And then he pulls a face. “And stop saying that, will you?” He smiles, very faint, but it’s there. “It’s creeping me out.”
John thought that Mycroft would offer to take her back, but he doesn’t. She’s pulling a face, moving her mouth, and then her eyes blink open.
Sherlock watches John from the corner of his eyes. Despite his fatigue, John seems lit up like this. Battle weary, but strong. He is made for moments of action, John, as well as the quiet after.
Mycroft, feeling somewhat circumspect, texts the driver. “I will stay here tonight, be back at 7.30, this address.” Do other people spend the night at their brother’s flats? They do, surely? Mycroft has never thought it strange when Sherlock sleeps in his house. Quite the opposite really - on the rare occasions that it happens, he quite likes the thought.
Mycroft does, he lowers himself down on the leather-clad settee, feeling indecent with his trousers still around his knees, but he did not think to put his clothes back in order. His relative inexperience is showing, Mycroft thinks. He allowed John to lead him on this.
Sherlock cups his erection. Like last time, he is already quite aroused. It must be the thought that does it for him, Sherlock thinks.
Good. John looks at the pieces of metal. This thing is going to have to be huge if they want it to be accurate. He draws the schematic, while Sherlock measures the metal rods they have available and lays them out on the table.
“I…” Sherlock seems uncharacteristically embarrassed for a moment, “I respond to his hormones when we bond.”
John tries not to stare - no need to make this awkward, is there? But Sherlock has some stunning tattoo work. John has seen glimpses of the beginning of his chest piece, but to see the whole thing is impressive. It’s perfectly symmetrical, with so many thin lines and details intersecting. There are patterns running over Sherlock’s sides, connecting to the lower back. Some over his shoulders, just to the top of his shoulder blades. It’s all the same style.
Mycroft thinks about the Chinese policy announcement next month, and which changes to suggest. The corruption in the Mexican government, and the agent they have in Argentina right now, what she passed on about the drug cartels. He can manage this. He was aware of the risks when he started. This is how life functions, and it would be unwise to expect any better.
John seems to angle himself towards him, so Sherlock - still alive with notes and melody - crawls next to him into his chair, and allows himself to be hugged for awhile now that his skin isn’t his entirely, but the sound’s.
John can’t even imagine living like that anymore now. And as weird as the thought of having a kid with Mycroft is - and yes, it absolutely
Mycroft does not know whether it is for his own sake or for Sherlock’s, but he does find it helpful to hear, especially because it is happening very quickly. Mycroft can feel an odd pain that he isn’t certain is the surgery, the epidural, or just his imagination.
John’s arm is moving back and forth as he pulls himself off quickly. It won’t take very long, it never does for John. Sherlock can smell him clearly already.
John wraps his hand around his cock and strokes himself while the arousal pulses through him. He was already pretty much there after getting to suck Mycroft off - god, he can still
None of them seem perturbed by his silence as Molly regales them all with the story of how her pet snake was lost in her tattoo shop and then found again coiled under her autoclave – entirely predictable.
“You’re pleased.” It’s not a taunt - Sherlock is happy about it as well. Plus, Mycroft is possessive. Sherlock is sure of it.
John has almost forgotten about Sarah by the time he’s managed to wrangle Violet up the stairs of Baker Street. He doesn’t tell Sherlock about it until he’s putting things away in the kitchen and Violet’s making a racket riding her little tricycle around the living room table. “Oh, I saw Sarah in the shop.”
“No. And he needs look at these files as soon as possible.” Mycroft looks stern, but John is still stuck on Mycroft, of all people,
“Yeah, you think so?” John scoffs as he looks at him. “You’re brilliant, Janine’s got a great design. We all know I’m going for third place here.”
But John straightens up and fiddles with the buttons of his shirt. “So. What do you like, then?” John breathes oddly. “What does
Even when the baby is in the incubator, Sherlock can’t control the urge to reach out and touch the baby’s chest to feel it softly rise and fall. To stroke a fingertip over his soft skin. Touch his long, thin legs, and the tiny toes on his wrinkled feet. Trace his small hands and feel the sharp nails clutch his one finger on instinct. Soothe him when he weakly cries.
“That nice, right there?” John leans in - Mycroft can feel the stretch of his body when he tries to reach - and briefly rubs his nose against Mycroft’s neck again to underline the question.
Mycroft turns his head, and Sherlock is looking at his hand in fascination. Then, as he realises Mycroft’s awake, Sherlock says, “You don’t sleep enough.”
Mycroft looks at him, and considers that there is one more thing he can say. He takes a breath, and says, the words rather unfamiliar on his lips, “Thank you.”
Next is an abscess he needs to drain, a toenail with fungus, and then his last patient at ten to six is entirely unremarkable, a fragile thirteen year old omega who needs a blood draw to check for Crohn’s Disease. John draws the vials of blood, sticks a bandage on there, and sends her out. Then he takes off his gloves, washes his hands, hangs his white coat up, and that’s it.
A trace of violin music, abruptly stopped when Violet cries, and Sherlock bouncing her up and down in his arms when Mycroft walks in on the 21st.
Mycroft looks towards his phone. It was thoughtfully put within his reach by the nurse, and it is filled with recent messages from Sherlock, all details about the baby, and some about Violet - Sherlock is informing him of everything he does.
They go sit in the restaurant, and it’s easy, the way they move together and talk, relaxed. But there’s nothing easy about what lies beneath all of this.
John gets a text about half an hour later. He takes his phone straight away, thinking it’s Mycroft letting him know how it went. But it’s Mara. John tries not to think about why he’s faintly disappointed. She’s been great, actually. She’s fun. Sweet.
“You did something that’s really concentrated on lines, but you still created a lot of movement through the tattoo with the heavy dark image at the bottom and then some areas of red throughout so it doesn’t just have a straight block feel.” Mike’s getting technical here.
He feels fulfilled by it himself. Especially when he takes John as deep as he can, his nose brushing John’s pubic hair, and John rewards him with a low, long moan. “Mhhh…”
“Oh, I don’t know… Like you’re telling it now? It’s like, crime novels in real life only with tattoos.” John seems intrigued. “You could write some of that down, for sure. I’d read it.”
“It was fine, yeah.” John says it with his habitual calm, even though his clenched jaw signals some tension.
They pull up in front of Barts a good twenty minutes before the service is meant to start. Greg says, “You want to get out, or…”
Sherlock’s never really thought about it. He always assumed that Mycroft doesn’t date because he doesn’t care. “You could.”
John enters the room, and suddenly Sherlock is very aware of the bed in the corner. He opens the package of the syringe, holds it by the vial, and John says, “No, you don’t even know how much…”
John didn’t object to someone calling Violet theirs, either, and it felt like an impossible moment. Sherlock started to associate those with John from the moment they met. The impossible John, who was impressed with him. Who laughed along with him. Who shot a man and giggled and followed him to dinner.
“Fine.” Sherlock says, thwarted. He turns around, lies down on the sofa, and looks away. He can hear John order a curry, basmati rice, and naan at their second-favourite place. Then pour himself a drink.
He will use the single needle technique invented by Jack Rudy to create the finest possible lines. It’s precise, and it affords him the greatest detail in the owl sketch. It is also incredibly slow. John would outline this with a triple-coiled machine, Sherlock knows. John would speed through this with a steady hand. John would make this clean, not curved.
John realises he hasn’t said a word. He smiles and says, “It’s perfect.” Even the wobbly ones that look like they might fall down and hit them in their sleep – John will fix those.
Sherlock forgot. Of course they can’t go, of course not. There are too many memories, they haven’t been since he’s been back from the dead. Three years of not going.
“Fucking awful, man! When he was lying down, everything was exactly where it needed to go, and now…” Raz gestures at the image.
“Good.” Sherlock smiles, something genuinely relieved in his face for a moment, then he starts fucking him again in earnest.
Mycroft focuses on work, as he always has. He works some late evenings, but then it backfires as Violet’s entire evening schedule is changed, and she refuses to go to sleep, instead whines and cries for hours.
” The woman yells, but John doesn’t wait to hear the rest. He continues to the door behind Sherlock and Mycroft.
John kisses him, and then leaves to wash up. Sherlock lies there, half-naked, with come drying on him, and tries not to feel it so much. Surely dissociating should be simple. He has done it often enough.
“I’m outside your door, actually?” John feels a bit weird saying it. Maybe he should have called ahead. “I didn’t want to ring the doorbell and wake Violet up, so…”
“Yeah.” John kept his phone by his pillow, but Mycroft still hasn’t replied. He’s pretty sure it’s for the best.
Sherlock, playing for them, and looking up occasionally with a soft, private smile. It doesn’t matter that it feels off, still, John wants to sleep with him tonight. To kiss him. And the thought that he might get to... it’s insane. It’s great.
It’s only on the third night that John’s the one waking up first. John gets up, and walks to the crib in the living room to see William crying, his small arms batting the blanket away. Sherlock is sleeping through it, for once. He’s probably exhausted.
Molly glances at Mycroft. “And then, these past few years, they have made a family. Sherlock became a dad. He’s so good at it. And he’s happy, I think. And that’s the best thing anyone can be.”
“The main thing about this painting is the dark, menacing figure in the centre,” Irene says. “Your tattoo looks light and happy instead. If you look at the mouth, the mouth of the goat curls down, and yours actually goes up, like he’s joking.”
He makes it home, although he doesn’t remember it. John sits on his narrow bed, fully dressed. His hand trembles and he flexes his fingers, again and again. It was a nice little fantasy, that’s all.
And Sherlock feels such a sense of foreboding that it physically pains him. He had not thought of that.
Sherlock bends back over his work, so John has a wander past the others as well. Molly’s doing her ravens. They’re dramatic, John thinks. “Good work, that.”
Sherlock spends some hours in the lab, John tries to nap on a bench, and then Sherlock’s found the pathogen, new and apparently -
Sherlock rises, and goes to sit next to him on the sofa feeling as if he is in a dream of sorts. He reaches out his hand, and touches John’s nape.
“Not loads of flowers or anything. I mean, I guess if you want to, but...” John’s not really a flower sort of guy. “No bridesmaids.” Never again. “Decent food. Nothing too fancy, just nice?”
John appears in the doorway as well, and Mycroft’s smile fades somewhat. Of course John brought her, Sherlock is likely still at the hospital.
Father was waiting for them, and as they walk in, he says, to the room at large, “Mykie arranged it all, he’s done such a good job.”
Mike takes a breath and says, “My vote is for Soo Lin’s Medusa. It was original and beautiful work. Thereby judges have decided: the best tattoo of the day goes to Soo Lin.”
He feels a faint wave of arousal, but as always it’s more about what he is imagining than about what will really happen. But maybe he can control it, somehow.
- takes Sherlock’s hand. John leans in, taps his hand, and Sherlock thinks that he might kiss him… when the door opens behind them.
Sherlock glances at the owl and its quick, sharp movements. There is a lot to be done with light and dark there.
John still seems unaffected. “That’s fine. I can go home if you want, but I thought I’d keep you company?” John waggles his eyebrows. “Rub your back?”
The conversation with Sherlock does not leave Mycroft’s mind entirely. It leaves him feeling uneasy, that Sherlock would even think to ask such a thing of him. That Sherlock would argue for a second child as if he believes that he has a say in it.
Eventually, Mycroft starts looking rather pale and tired, so John says, “Right, well, you can see her again later, but maybe we should go home?” He looks at Mycroft. “Let them get some rest?”
Both Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson are into the Christmas Eve food preparation mood by now, talking fruitcake recipes and which drinks to buy. John just stays out of the way and then dutifully does the shopping when asked, even when he has to go back twice to an overcrowded mess of a shop because he didn’t buy the right type of sugar the first time around.
John is such a conductor of light but he brings everything else as well, prickling and overwhelming waves. The sense that he needs to see every detail, every single thing that somehow makes up the whole of John, and treasure it for the brief moments that John is his.
He seems so comfortable like this. Joyful, at the thought. Mycroft, however, is not certain whether he can kneel on the ground as easily as John did.
And then Mycroft gets back into the car, takes his phone, sees the three missed calls in the time he was gone, and gets to work. Somewhere between the flurry of the diplomatic nightmare as well as the general threat level, everyone is deeply on edge. There are American fighter planes ready to bomb the facility.
But yes, there is an empty smoke canister. A sloppy criminal, then. It’s simply a matter of testing it, now.
Mycroft gather Violet’s things and takes her. Even in the car, she is still talking. “Parrot lost!” Ah, about the book.
Sherlock goes to bed, too, the first time he’s going to sleep at the same time as John is in over a week. As soon as the light is out, Sherlock rolls a bit closer to John and tries to scent his neck. John lets him, but he feels tense.
They all get up. John’s skin protests when he walks towards his shop, reminding him once again that he’ll be doing this to Sherlock, now. He asks, “You ready?”
. John isn’t his omega, and Sherlock knows that. He doesn’t need to bite, not like that, not with John. He doesn’t know why he did this.
Sherlock doesn’t talk about it, but John thinks he can feel him settle, somehow. Relax and lean a little closer.
Actually, now that he is relaxing more, he can feel himself linger in the appeal of it. John here, in his bed. Mycroft turns his head and faces John in the near-dark, then searches for his lips. John kisses him slowly. He keeps on rubbing his back, but then spreads his hands to his thighs, over his stomach, and under it. Mycroft can feel a deep, warm rise that surprises him.
John is trying to determine whether that’s Sherlock being passive-aggressive or not, while at the same time thinking of what to say to her. He decides on, “It’s just good manners, isn’t it? He should know when I won’t be home.”
Mycroft can hear John and Violet walking up the stairs. Mycroft catches Sherlock’s smile at hearing them approach. John calls out from the landing, “You two home?” and Violet shouts, “Father?”
Sherlock lingers too, awkwardly leaning over him. Kisses his cheekbone. The edge of his jaw. Slowly drags his lips over his skin.
Mycroft replies, “I recognise your threat, but then I have photographic evidence of Sherlock’s own teen years. He knows not to tempt me. MH” and John laughs again.
They have chosen to decorate the car with anchors and small roses. Sherlock agrees with John that it does not create an impressive effect.
He spends a lot of time staring at those walls. When he sleeps, lurid dreams drag him down under thick layers of memory. When he stands, his leg grinds like a badly oiled collection of gears, and pain fractures within him. That last is imagined - supposedly. Psychosomatic means shit when it’s the only thing he
It’s easy to forget that the baby’s going to be here so very soon. The doctor has scheduled the C-section for the second week of March, so there’s only a good month more to go until John will get to hold his son.
Even in the cab home, he’s not fully over it. Especially not when Sherlock almost-accidentally brushes against his hand, and John, feeling brave, takes it.
It comes out before Sherlock has really thought it through, but John seems to find it profound for some reason, because his eyes go all soft. “Me, too.” He coughs. “Yeah, anyway, going!”
Sherlock can’t see why, really, but he nods. It’s the difference between feeling a heat and not feeling one, he imagines. If he enjoyed his heats, he might be similarly inclined to only want sex then.
“Yeah.” John sounds briefly sad about it, too. “That’s it, probably, right? You get through it all, and then you’re surprised when suddenly they’re big.”
Sherlock crawls over John’s back, holds him down, and bites his neck again. Sherlock fits his teeth there while John breathes unevenly under him. It must hurt, Sherlock knows that, but still he cannot stop himself.
Once there, he can see Sherlock sitting alone at the large table and drawing intently. John can see the lines of Sherlock’s pin-up and the fish in the foreground when he walks closer, but Sherlock doesn’t look up from his drawing.
John would ask Mycroft to put a stop to it, except that he can’t really make himself say it. He can see how exhausted Mycroft is, and how much Sherlock actually wants to have her over. Mycroft does mention it as well, “Sherlock, I do pay the nanny quite handsomely, please stop taking away her work, it’s her job and she is entirely qualified, I assure you.”
William wiggles and bats at the covers. Violet has a bit of a snore. Sherlock turns towards them and puts an arm over Violet. John looks at them. William’s blue eyes are open, and his arms are urgently waving about. Violet is just a mess of curls at the bottom of the pillow and a leg dangerously close to John’s crotch - she tends to kick.
Mycroft considers it, and then admits, “Sundays are always difficult, when I am alone with Violet.” He wonders briefly whether he has said too much. No parent should ever admit to having a hard time being home alone with their child all day.
“Yeah… But I have work, and there’s Violet. We can’t, not always.” John goes on, “And next summer we’ll have a little one, too.” He doesn’t sound annoyed, just wistful.
Really, John’s starting to think Sherlock chose him because he could boss him around, self-important sod that he is.
Mycroft feels taken aback. He had not considered it in that manner. His own attraction to John long predates this pregnancy, but yes, it does probably explain why John would even be interested in him at all. The thought feels curiously painful.
And then he pulls it out, and pushes it back, hard. He moves his hips so the hardness of it hits him just right. Mycroft imagines the voice again, urging him on, “Oh yes, do it, come on, now!”
The client sits down onto the tattooing bench, opens his shirt, and shrugs it off to reveal slender arms.
John’s eyes see the children’s microscope placed on the desk as if it’s posing - Sherlock had one from age seven, actually. Given to him for Christmas. He had it until he destroyed it in a fit of rage at fifteen.
. Sherlock kisses and touches him back just as franticly. John leans a leg between Sherlock’s, and Sherlock grinds his hips against him. He’s hard. The feeling flashes through John, searing hot against his stomach. A
Mrs. Hudson’s happy to help, but she does get tired, too. The nights are especially hard, because Violet often refuses to go to sleep, and then when she’s down, she rarely actually sleeps through the whole night. It’s exhausting, really. Stressful. John’s glad he’s not working now, because he’s got no idea how they would have done it otherwise.
John thinks Greg got a wry sort of pleasure out of goading Sherlock along all day, and Molly was perfect at playing innocent. Violet wasn’t particularly bothered - she’s too young to get it. But Mrs. Hudson was utterly delighted when John first went down to her flat to ask her for Sherlock’s hand, and then later when she saw him propose.
They all get up from their chairs and say a quick goodbye. And that’s it. There are eight of them left now.
When he sees the other children arrive, Mycroft is conscious of the fact that these are Violet’s peers. The ones from her social class, who will grow up alongside her, who will influence her, and vice versa.
He snaps at John when he does not know where Violet’s favourite book is. Mycroft apologises, but not without seeing John’s briefly annoyed expression.
William’s temperature has lowered. They never did determine what caused his fever. Sherlock prefers to supervise him still regardless, so when he’s alone watching William later that night, he composes in his mind. He quietly hums the notes as he rocks William to sleep.
But now he needs help, to be steered and assisted in this, and the sheer vulnerability of it is despicable.
“Think about it, Sherlock, are you prepared to see me pregnant with John’s child? Do want to raise a child that looks like us both, and not yourself?”
they’ll all be able to sleep in the bedroom in between bits of plaster and dust after Sherlock’s done with it - if he doesn’t take out the whole wall, that is.
John appears steady. The more pressure there is on his shoulders, the better he performs. John was made for this competition, for the challenge, to prove himself in a quiet, exquisite way.
Sherlock puts a hand on his own crotch and John’s eyes follow it. “Are you going to…?” John licks his lips.
Jim takes over to say, “It concerns her speciality: realism, proportion, and...” He waggles his eyebrows. “...beautiful women.”
Granted, John hasn’t got a clue, either. He wakes up rock-hard before five in the morning, and he’s already gripping his cock and squeezing it before he’s fully awake, humping his bed like a teenager.
Sherlock checks John’s computer, and sees the mails John sends after that conversation. That he put himself down as ‘single, looking for casual hook-ups.’ But that’s part of having John, and Sherlock knew it. He knew what he was doing when he suggested this.
It was supposed to be the first week of March. Mycroft mentally checks his calendar at mid-March. “If you recommend it.” While a change of date is somewhat bothersome, he would never disobey the doctor’s orders on this.
That night, he gets a text from John. “Mrs. Hudson was up here. She’s ‘ever so happy for you’ you know, she can’t stop talking about the baby. JW”
Mycroft looks down at William. “It was a special time.” Mycroft says it as if right now isn’t a special time at all. As if it was some far away dream. He swallows. “I am grateful for it.”
Ah. They have chosen to pit him against Soo Lin. As far as Sherlock is aware she is mainly a colour artist, and an Oriental one at that. Judging by yesterday’s Medusa she would have been much better suited to the snake - John was wise not to tattoo against her.
That night, Sherlock plays with Violet, then lies next to her in bed and tries not to feel the memory of it play over his skin, or his body ache at the thought of it.
Mycroft lifts Violet, who shouts another “Bye-bye!” and then throws herself towards John, so he can kiss her on the cheek. Violet insists on cuddling Sherlock as well before they leave.
Mycroft texts back, “I was, indeed, sorry. M” And it feels even more like John’s in some sort of wild dream, here.
John opens it, and Sherlock accepts a glass, empties it in a couple of swallows, and says, “You’re happy.” It doesn’t sound so much like an insult as a statement.
while he hurries down the stairs as if John might disappear into thin air, and if John didn’t know it before, he knows it now.
They’re both more than tipsy by the time the second bottle is empty between them on the living room table. Their legs are tangling and bumping as John - between bubbling laughter - tells Sherlock about a patient who came in with ‘an itch’ and expected him to do a bit more than scratch it.
Worry? It’s Mycroft’s own choice to do this at forty-three years old, couldn’t he have started sooner? “I’m not worried!”
Not so much the pregnancy, as difficult as that was. That sacrifice might be worth it. But, looking at it now, it is the weeks and months after a child is born that Mycroft instantly does not wish to ever live through again. To be alone in this house with a newborn that cries unstoppably.
The more he thinks on it, the more elements Mycroft can see to this question. Would it be a benefit to Violet to have a full sibling instead? Is it inviting too much complication? Or is it adding in an extra layer of security, if something were to happen to him, that there is another biological parent?
They make it back to Baker Street just in time to see Mycroft pick Violet up from Mrs. Hudson. John takes the time to say hi to Violet, and then smile at Mycroft as Mrs. Hudson leaves them alone.
John sits up and tries to remember what day it is, but he’s not sure for a long moment. Then he remembers why Sherlock would be out with both kids - it’s Sunday and Sherlock’s bringing them to Mycroft’s.
John puts them on the table, opens the bag and takes them out. They’re well made, black, an understated and classic model. They are for the wedding, clearly. John turns them around and shows him the soles. “Apparently, these are great for dancing.” He grins. “Figured I could use all the help I can get.”
Mycroft focuses on the question instead of the embarrassment of being so visible under the bright bathroom lights, and thinks back to the moment John is referencing. “I believe you suggested I go to a spa.”
He hurt John by saying that, Sherlock knows. He does nothing but hurt John. It was a great day, they were happy, they were going to work a case, and now…
It’s nothing like the looks of pure lust crossing over people’s faces when they catch even a whiff of Sherlock, but John hurries behind him anyway. They pass a group of doctors, and John would almost feel for them, for the open-mouthed gasps and soft moans, if he didn’t hate them on sight.
John sits in his chair with Violet on his lap. She is listening attentively as he reads her a story.
The conversation had gone on without him, but John directs it to the bloke who asked in the first place. “Irene Adler. She’s gay.”
Sherlock’s cock is soft, bouncing between his legs with every thrust. John reaches out and puts a hand around it, and Sherlock breathes a surprised breath, as if he wasn’t expecting to be touched.
Howard’s outline is really shaky. He looks up when John walks past and asks, “You think it’s all right?”
Violet is too young to be bothered by the internet research, but still Sherlock tilts her head away from the screen.
He must live nearby to make it here that quickly, twice. Sherlock stubs out his cigarette and walks up to him. Judging by the creases in the soldier’s shirt and trousers, he lives in a small flat. Bedsit. He’s short on money. The grooves around his mouth indicate recent pain and sorrow, but before that, determination and action. His short hair is still bleached by the sun.
