I didn’t think I’d get here at some points during this year, but here is the final chapter of An Average Person’s Perspective! Thank you to everyone who stuck along with me through this and to newer readers as well. Every comment has deeply been appreciated. Thank you as well to
“Do you ever have people help you… Clear your mind? For… you know… cases?” It wasn’t the right question. He wanted to ask about the excitement. What made the
Sherlock brought his steepled hands under his chin and tried to remember what it was he should be thinking about. John had stopped moving about and was watching him as the tea steeped. It was the way John watched him when he thought Sherlock wasn’t looking. When would he realize Sherlock was always looking? John stared at Sherlock's feet and slowly worked his way up to the consulting detective's face. It was too slow to be properly considered anything more than a long observation, but still something in Sherlock’s stomach clenched under that stare.
He reluctantly closed his laptop as he tried to figure out how to approach this. John followed Sherlock into the same area like there was a string pulling him along. He needed to say something before Sherlock… Well there wasn’t a lot worse that could happen at this point.
John tried to work up a scowl, but drew back in a bit of a panic instead. Sherlock had given no indication of noticing his meandering until now. There had been no inflection or tone to what had just been said. No hidden meanings, yet John couldn’t help but search and find millions of them.
John realized his mistake the second he noticed Sherlock’s smile. It wasn’t the kind of smile someone saw in the curve of another’s mouth, no this one was all in the eyes. There was a predatory glint there that Sherlock had before a long string of words tumbled forth with astonishing accuracy. John braced himself for impact.
“Well get on with it,” John said in a teasing manner. Sherlock continued to stare down at John willing the words to come. His gaze was unwavering, he wouldn’t move from this spot until he had said it. He watched as John grew ‘uncomfortable.’ His darker eyes sliding away as his face started flush. Sherlock could practically hear the pounding.
“No. Yes. Well… yes.” John tried to take in the color of the wallpaper, but couldn’t find a way to discontinue his study of Sherlock. Sherlock who hadn’t taken a shower yet today. His hair more on the messy side of things as a result. A hint of stubble along his jawline. No one had a right to be that attractive under this kind of lighting but he pulled it off effortlessly.
John’s breath came out in a woosh of air he didn’t even know he had been holding. The sound caused Sherlock to give him a moment’s attention that led to several additional moments. The first glance was a grazing familiar one that stopped with a furrow of eyebrows. It retreated and Sherlock’s gaze went from the bottom of John’s shirt to his hand, to his shoes, to collar, to hair, mouth, and then eyes in seemingly random order. They were quick appraisals that took pieces of a puzzle that Sherlock easily knew how to put together.
“How’s that?” John asked, his words playful even when Sherlock was being anything but. It drew them back into neutral territory.
The room felt overly quiet and stuffy as John made his way around. He sat down and pushed the small plate towards his flatmate. There was a newspaper placed precariously on the corner of the table. The doctor picked it up and suspected it made its way there via Mrs H rather than Sherlock.
Sherlock opened his mouth in a deep inhale preparing for the long string of deductions that would lead to the conclusion he had just presented, but he couldn’t. John already had that ‘I’m going to listen to this to amuse you and because you’re brilliant’ look on his face. Sherlock let out the breath with a relaxed inhale. “The way you look at me.”
Sherlock had been entirely reabsorbed with whatever was contained in the slides, but that gained his interest more than any other part of the conversation had up until this point. “Ask you anything? Where would be the fun in that?”
John opened his mouth, closed it, worked his jaw, and opened it again. “I think you just about covered it.”
John stopped talking and was staring back at him, waiting. Sherlock had went too long without responding. The water was almost done heating. He blinked and concentrated on the wall in front of him before taking a seat in his chair.
Sherlock had already unzipped his trousers. He grasped himself into his hands, working his length with hurried strokes. John looked down, his mouth sliding open in this perfect 'O' that had Sherlock thinking about reciprocation.
“So you don’t? With other people?” John was practically repeating himself, but he was still finding his way back to firm and safe land. A place where his views were not all contorted in the notion of Sherlock in that kind of position with anyone.
“I think that demonstration proved you-- No, I’m good.” John was still trying to get past that Sherlock had said the word cock in that context.
“Are you asking me about sex, John?” There was a definite glimmer of amusement as Sherlock continued staring down the instrument. He paused to scribble notes continuing not to look at his flatmate directly. The disregard displayed was perhaps the most frustrating aspect of it all.
“So do you often do that on the couch?” Well, there went this possibly being in the context of medicine. It was also not the question he wanted to ask and he once again was left bewildered by the lack of control he had over his own words.
“They aren’t…” John searched desperately for the right words. “The type of questions you ask. Maybe after a couple of pints,” he trailed off. It wasn’t exactly a forbidden subject. Variations of it had been brought up during school, while he was in the army, and a number of other situations. There were even instances where it could be mentioned in the context of medicine. It just felt particularly strange discussing anything in this realm with Sherlock Holmes.
What was left of John’s control vanished in a soundless snap. He reached down and grasped Sherlock’s locks in a tight grip before forcing that mouth back where he felt it belonged. John pushed himself all the way to the back of the detective's throat barely caring as Sherlock gagged around it. John’s hands gained purchase on the back of Sherlock’s head as he pounded forward.
. I say that because she fell for your food pun related pick-up line. Really, John? You might as well have been reading some of your poetry. Interestingly, you’ve rescheduled on her twice and intend to cancel without picking out a new date. Why? You find being distracted on dates by cases and my well being moderately acceptable, but thinking about another man touching his cock while at dinner may be considered a bit rude. Don’t worry, I don’t misunderstand that for anything other than human curiosity. That’s not the only reason you are canceling, you are also bored. Sick of the niceties, politeness, and practically scheduled sexual intercourse and masturbation. You want excitement and barely any of
“Hmm,” Sherlock was back to the slides, apparently disinterested once again.  John shifted his weight from one foot to the other.
John had continued talking about the case in flattering details. Sherlock smiled again, the kind that stretched his face into something else entirely. Those sharp cheekbones the only warning of what was there moments ago.
Sherlock’s dark hair fell across his forehead as he speedily sent out a text. His gaze flickered up for a moment before he sat back down in front of the microphone. “Something you want to ask me?” Sherlock offered and for his part there was still no indication in his voice that John was out of bounds, doing something strange. It did little to make John feel better. He felt more like he was still at the edge waiting for a life-ending fall.
“Do you know how many times I’ve imagined this Sherlock?” John drew out his name in a long groan that had Sherlock moaning around him.
The confusion was gone as Sherlock slid off the sofa and got into his knees. “Now,” he repeated again rolling the words out of his mouth smoothly. John shuddered as he sat up and slid forward in his seat. His eyes not leaving Sherlock’s mouth for a second. He dragged his own zipper down. Sherlock helped him push his pants down to his ankles.
It was like Sherlock to call people experiments and John to humanize them for Sherlock. He should be calling them people, but he couldn’t bring himself to. Humans and people were flesh and bones, tangible and real. The use of experiment was distant and clinical. It made it seem like another activity altogether.
John was still standing there and the discussion he wasn’t sure he wanted to have was happening. If he could just ask a few questions, the need for information would be satisfied and this would all be done with. “You sure?” The exhale of air that followed sounded like an insult. “So that’s a thing you do?”
He trudged down the stairs trying not to let his frustration show, and found Sherlock at the kitchen table. It was a miracle that the flat hadn’t burned down in the fifteen or so hours John had spent upstairs.
He wondered if that is what he looked like at crime scenes. Astute, focused… devoted. Sherlock looked up towards the ceiling and willed his breathing to be kept at an even pace. This world’s edges felt blurred under the kind of attention he was currently receiving from his flatmate.
“Oh fuck, I’m coming Sherlock,” John warned pulling his length out  just in time for the cum to spurt out on Sherlock’s waiting face. The white liquid fell along on the geniuses’ cheek and the edge of his mouth dripping downwards. If John hadn’t been completely spent and a little younger the sight of Sherlock wide eyed staring at him like that would have led to a second round. As it was they both breathed and took in what happened.
John had gotten up to follow him. He was standing too close, which was funny because Sherlock usually is the one that stands too close. Real funny, not the mug funny. Closeness used to make John uncomfortable. It still can make John uncomfortable, but in a different way. A way that made John’s pulse start to pick up, his eyes dilate. Sometimes John would find an excuse to go to his room. Sherlock needed an excuse.
“Christ, Sherlock!” He willed himself to calm down and lower the volume of his voice to anappropriate level. “Don’t sneak up on a bloke like that. I was switching between applications.”
“Want to know what I think?” Sherlock began, as if John hadn’t made the last comment at all. As someone of shorter stature, the blogger wanted to glower at the long shadowed lines Sherlock’s draped form cast over him. He wasn’t going to chance another turn of the head even though there was a texture to Sherlock’s voice that all but demanded it.
John gave Sherlock a hard look that the detective pretended to be oblivious of until, with a huff, he picked up the baked good and began peeling away the liner. Sherlock did so with precision, slowly making his way clockwise until it had been completely removed.
“Well I won’t bother asking what you think, then,” John commented offhandedly. He opened an email that was more likely to put a virus on his computer than have any actual content.
Sherlock lived in right now so exciting that he didn’t need whatever methods of so called experimentation that he used before.
“It’s less of a thought and more of a certainty, really.” Sherlock sounded like he was musing, but he wasn’t. Just drawing out whatever game he was up to at this very moment. Unfortunately for John the game seemed to be him.
Sherlock came first, it taking him by surprised. His deep baritone voice grounding out a long groan as he ejaculated onto the sofa and John’s legs. John watched as Sherlock’s gorgeous eyes closed in bliss shredding the ability to make this last any longer.
“We need… We need-“ John breathed, breaking out into a groan after a particular thrust. Spots of precum was showing at the fronts of their pants. No longer sure whose belonged to who. Sherlock was moaning deep in his throat, the sounding vibrating out of his chest.
“God you’re gorgeous,” John breathed and the moment was broken. Hands needed to reassert themselves on the other’s skin for the sake of something, everything. It all mattered more.
Because those things, weren’t real. Sherlock pushed himself up from the blankets that he had been laying under for too long. An achy haze settling over him as he forced his eyes open to take in the surroundings The stench in the air was  not John,  but dirt and grime. Crackheads milling about. Most of them laying down in the half dream state that Sherlock had been in. He was still high, could feel the opiates pounding through his system. It was all for the sake of a case of course, is what he told himself.  The drugs made him think things he didn’t normally allow himself to think, take him so deep into his mind palace that it felt real. It all felt real until this moment.
Sherlock first took in those powerful legs, made that way from all of the running they did. John still had his shirt on but it was ridden up exposing bits of his abdomen. Most importantly John was hard, his length jutting proudly from his body. The liquid gathering at the tip begging for a touch of Sherlock’s tongue. Sherlock bent his head forward without hesitation, but was stopped when John’s hand pushed against his shoulder halting any further action.
John went through the motions of taking a shower and doing some minor chores while trying to simultaneously not pay too much attention to Sherlock, while also not paying too little. He wanted to appear as normal and uninteresting to the detective as possible. This resulted in a lot of ambling in the middle of the room looking desperately around for something to do. The stress was proving to be more of a paralytic than anything. His thoughts were moving too quickly to actually pick an activity. When Sherlock moved from the kitchen to the living room all hope was lost.
Nothing should be particularly exciting about watching someone eating a muffin. As far as food went it wasn’t too noteworthy. It could be annoyingly messy and texture varied wildly based on preparation. The ones John had bought at the supermarket tended to be on the drier side, but satisfactory. There was nothing about Sherlock slowly taking a bite that should have caused any sort of reaction. Sherlock wasn’t even really paying attention to eating at this point. He was almost completely distracted with the microscope. Crumbs smeared inelegantly across the corner of his mouth making the detective appear more human than usual. Sherlock wiped it away with barely any accuracy using his thumb, his tongue briefly flicking out to catch the pieces of food.
Sherlock responded with a questioning expression and John decided not to press. John knew a dead end when he saw one. He prepared to walk back to his computer where he now could hopefully write out an actual blog post but stopped.
Sherlock froze his mouth working, but no words coming out. This was John, but he couldn’t keep pretending anymore. Hiding. Sherlock had been called many things but never a coward. He was not afraid of what other people thought of him, what he said. He shouldn’t be afraid now.
“You told me you were married to The Work,” John breathed, just the slightest hitch in his breath to indicate anything was going on with him. Both of their eyes roved over each other and Sherlock couldn’t just stand here and talk when John’s language worked so much better. He crowded John stepping into his space. Making him backpedal towards the sofa. Sherlock watched as John’s pupils were blown wide by the action.
The question had been stated more like Sherlock was asking himself why his blogger would ask that rather than actually asking John. “Just wondering,” he said lamely.
And that made sense… Kind of. The pieces weren’t clicking together correctly in Sherlock’s head. “How quaint,” he muttered injecting disdain into his voice. It didn’t seem funny to him, not at all. Sherlock got himself out of the chair. The movements angry without having reason to be. He walked over to the window staring out of it. There was no one outside to distract his attention away. When Sherlock grew bored enough he could deduce the people walking by even at this height.
“You told me that you weren’t gay, well told anyone that would listen,” Sherlock said with a hint of a cruel smile. “Which you aren’t, bi maybe or it could just be me.” The better just be me was left unsaid. John’s knees hit the back of the sofa. He stood not moving his posture becoming a bit rigid. “I knew though, it didn’t matter what you said. I always know,” Sherlock punctuated the words with a hard look.
Hello guys! Here is the next chapter. It turned out a lot longer than I intended. I'm still trying to figure out if this is going to be a three chapter piece... or four. We shall see! I hope you guys enjoy. This chapter has been beta'd by the amazing
'What to do if you catch your flatmate wanking on the couch in the living room you walk into every day? The flatmate that has shown no interest in any sex related activities before. Really, I really need opinions.'
“So a muffin then?” John continued as if Sherlock had complied. He went through the practiced processes of putting the kettle on before grabbing a small plate for Sherlock’s muffin. John poured cereal into a bowl and stared down at the milk like it held the secret for easing his awkwardness.
John found himself leaning against the table, unconsciously pitching himself towards Sherlock. He licked his lips that suddenly felt too dry once, twice. A third time. He was left light headed, like he needed something tying him down to the ground. Ideas floated through his mind with a softness that you can’t fully wrap your head around.
Sherlock wanted the control he was still angry, sad, confused under the surface of it all. He needed something to ground him in this moment. He bit down on John’s bottom lip causing him to groan out loud. The sound translated to the desperate need of it all.
At that point Sherlock had given up on John in terms of conversation. He made a comment about distraction, but then was too pleased with a revelation he’d had regarding the body. Within hours there was an arrest.
Sherlock couldn’t resist pressing his palm against the bulge at the front of his pants. Sherlock opened his mouth wider, guiding John in with his  free hand. He’d never done this before, never wanted to do this before. Sherlock started to bob his head like he’d seen in all of the porn videos he’d watched on John’s computer. He would make sure to concentrate and suck on the tip. John started to shallowly thrust his hips forward pushing more of his length into Sherlock’s inviting mouth. He was groaning and throwing out words that barely made sense.
John didn’t seem to find anything wrong, waiting there patiently. “It was simple,” he reiterated drumming his hands along the arm chair and resisting the urge to bounce his leg up off the ground. In that moment Sherlock was grateful for the imaginary barrier the kitchen presented. He needed to think.
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hummed with a musical quality so that the end uplifted. “No you weren’t.” John only then chanced a look up at his flatmate. The detective was looming over him with a face that would have been blank if it wasn’t for the narrowed quality of his eyes. There was a razor edge to the blue-green that left John feeling like he’d been stabbed in the gut. All warmth and the escape of blood he didn’t know how to control. John turned away in a hurry.
John's cheeks were painted with loud slashes of red and he felt more frozen than before. There was nothing strange about Sherlock and what John had seen him doing the other day. It was hardly the first time he’d caught another man in that position. The army barracks had never been known for their sense of privacy. It was just… this was Sherlock.
Nothing about what had occurred was the most unusual of things, John was used to being deduced. The stage hadn’t been set for Sherlock to show off so he was unlikely to reveal whatever he’d seen unless a drawing of curtains presented itself. John tried to relax in his chair but felt overly stiff and mechanical as he played a poor game of
“No, I don’t think so,” Sherlock said and John came to the realization that shaking off interest was too late now. Without even realizing it Sherlock had his teeth sunk into him and was intent on hunting down answers.
John’s were chapped, was Sherlock’s first thoughts as he quickly pulled away. It was suppose to be light, communicative. Not more, there was no more yet. Until there was with John’s hands grabbing at the front of Sherlock’s purple shirt that he liked so much. Sherlock could tell that too. John watched him more on those days. Eyes constantly drawn to his clavicle and forceps. John’s hands brushed over those very places right now as he deepened the kiss between them. Sherlock pulled back.
John handed Sherlock his cuppa. Their hands lingered, always lingering. John was the first to draw back and sit in his seat. Sherlock pursed his lips and studied the contents of his mug, savored it’s warmth. John’s hands were warm, they had calluses from too many jumped over fences, hand grasping last calls, and familiarizing itself with its owner’s gun on a near daily basis. He had strong hands Sherlock decided. There were no traces on his palms to tell where else they had been today.
“Right, quite right,” John said fumbling for words. He wondered if Sherlock busying himself was a way of hiding nervousness, but immediately doubted it. Sherlock seemed very at ease, like an everyday occurrence was occurring. Practically expectant, the turn of events predictable.
“No.” He could hear the hum of the refrigerator that played across the room in a similar way the jeopardy theme song resounded from the telly. “Yes.” More time, Sherlock fiddling with the magnification of the metal device at his hands. Also, waiting. It was a lot more patience than he usually exhibited. “No.”
During the case there had been a multitude of times that John’s eyes had strayed to Sherlock’s hand in the kind of concentration his friend reserved for the dead. In fact, one of the times Sherlock had been bent over a corpse he'd beckoned John to observe more closely. His hand had been curled around the edge of his square shaped magnifying glass. There was nothing indecent about the gesture, no connection to be drawn. Despite the lack of reason, John’s mind transported him back to the sitting room, and the curl of Sherlock’s fingers wrapped around his flesh as he slowly dragged his hand back up.
Sherlock knew what he should say, what to do. The whole reason they were here in this moment was because of this. “I have something I need to convey to you.” His deep voice shook a bit at the end.
Sherlock pulled away from John’s mouth gasping. There was no good natured humor or sweet John left in those eyes. They were hooded dark masses of lust that left Sherlock’s mouth hanging open. He’d only ever imagined that it could be like this. That it could all be this simple.
“No. I-“ And Sherlock stopped because he knew how to use words in the same way John new how to act. Seamlessly, without any hesitation. In order to communicate this he had to speak John’s language. It was easy when John looked up at him shifting slightly from foot to foot. Wanting to leave so he could think about how much he wanted to be there. Sherlock could see it all, but he was still scared.
John found it harder than usual to not watch his flatmate even though his current actions were incredibly mundane. It felt more like Sherlock was playing Russian Roulette or something equally as dangerous. Who the gun happened to be aimed at remained unclear. Regardless, John was at the edge of his seat waiting for a phenomena that would cause heart pounding excitement.
Sherlock was tapping his foot. Whatever patience had been there was quickly evaporating. He was ready for a new more interesting subject while John was left feeling fascinated. “If you’d like to talk about romanticism and conquests I’d suggest inviting Garret for a pint.”
“Wasn’t I?” Came a mumbled reply with just the tiniest note of challenge. It was a way of asking it to be dropped without escalating to sod off. Anger on his part would just interest the detective more. He opened the application for his emails and made an effort to appear as if he was going through them. Sherlock was just a slightly annoying background prop that didn’t affect him at all.
Getting back to the blogging. “Caught Red Handed,” he typed across the top of the entry. That was one way to put it. The snort and giggle that followed the thought drew an annoyed eye. John was quick to stifle it.
“I—” Excuses chased themselves around Sherlock’s head, all thrown off course by John’s sudden use of formal address. “I live here.”
*waves* Still here. Still writing. Still painfully slow - possibly well past the geological timescale now and into the astronomical. Hoping to crank out the next installment before the world implodes.
“Ah.” Sherlock felt the color rising in his cheeks. Damn his complexion. “It’s not a terribly good one, I’m afraid.”
He knew he wasn't being particularly eloquent – unlike some porn stars, he didn't have much practice at delivering coherent lines in the middle of sex – but Sherlock didn't seem to mind. Nor did he object to being turned around and bent over the table, which John could only hope was as sturdy as the one in the kitchen. In fact, he seemed quite pleased with that development, going by how he spread his legs and reached behind himself to part his arse cheeks while John struggled out of the bottom half of his clothes.
was devastating. It battered down John’s already feeble defenses far more effectively than any smooth come-hither could have done at that point. It reminded John that he had a say in this, that Sherlock was acknowledging he had a say in this despite the veneer of arrogant pushiness, and, upon further (
Sherlock’s laugh came as a surprise, though not as much as the fact that he sounded relieved. “Finally, you noticed.”
"It's in the Lizzie and Carol series, so like a home video, with a handheld camera so you can get right up close to the action. I want wet and filthy close-ups of penetration, John. And you'll be on voice-over as the guy friend who's helping them with their blog, exclaiming how hot they are every now and then."
Well, thought John, that was the attitude one could expect of someone in the middle of shooting a porn film. Look at Irene: she didn’t give a shit that her blouse had fallen open. And John ought to have been able to give no shits as well, this was what he did for a living, only one more day at the office, so to speak, people went unclothed around him all the time, it was the entire point of his - aha - body of work, but here he was, barely able to function because of something he’d seen at least a dozen times before, even accounting for the fact that he’d always found Sherlock approximately as hot as the surface of the sun. He was starting to wonder what had gotten into him today, or if Mrs. Hudson might have drugged the water, when Sarah seized him by the arm and steered him to the corner furthest from Sherlock.
And then that became Sherlock pulling away from them, taking his cock in his hand, working himself with hard, urgent strokes until he came - as Sarah directed - all over the women in front of him.
It was an act of seduction, clearly and deliberately aimed at one John H. Watson. He licked his lips. This was a far cry from his usual guilty voyeurism from behind the camera. Which, he had to admit, was rather nice.
It shouldn't have bothered him that Sarah knew about his little crush. He wasn't exactly discreet - Hell, he
While Sarah briefed the women and made sure they knew where the caches of lube and condoms and sex toys were placed, John noticed that her eyes were constantly going to her wristwatch, and he couldn't help checking the time every few seconds as well: Sherlock Holmes was running late.
“Is something wrong?” he asked, half-twisting to look at John with his new pants halfway up his thighs. “Do we need to do a screen test?”
John stood back up - Christ, this was going to be hell on his back, he should have knelt - and wiped his chin with the back of his hand.
John held up his kit in reply. He hadn’t wanted his camera and its accoutrements to get caught in the frenzied throwing of things into bins and had saved it for last.
“Sure you don’t want a taste?” he asked, using his free hand to guide Molly’s fingers to his groin, and looking exactly like a debauched sex god from one of the dirtier pantheons in the process.
“Disagreement with the landlord,” said Sherlock dismissively, lazily rubbing the back of his neck as if to ease a crick there (unsurprising, given his activities in the past few hours). “And I’ve already taken my clothes off. Putting them back on just to go somewhere else to take them off again would be rather a waste, don’t you think?”
My companion has often accused me of undue sentimentality, and I will own that this claim is not unfounded. In the past, I had some aspirations of being a literary man, but my circumstances did not permit me to profitably exercise my skill with a pen. My chosen profession left me little time for scribbling fanciful crowd-pleasing tales. And the cause to which I am now committed makes even idle musings such as these an intolerable risk.
“And I will pass. Things to see, people to do, Mrs. Hudson to pay.” Sarah took the bin from John. “Look, you guys were brilliant today - yes, I still do mean you, John, you can stop looking guilty now. It was a great last shoot at this location.”
Not that it detracted from anything when the bra came off, save for the degree of Molly’s nakedness - all she had on was the skirt rucked up to her waist. Irene stopped for a second to admire her handiwork (to give John time to pan down Molly’s body to the dark, curly head bobbing between her thighs) and went on to
Imagine, therefore, my surprise at his not only engaging this Moriarty in conversation, but also disguising himself as a cabbie to drive the man and his taciturn friend to their lodgings. And as if that had not already been enough of a foolhardy risk, he left this morning to deliver a message to the villain!
“I need you on this. Mrs. Hudson might just let the flat at last, and I can’t imagine anyone on earth being thrilled with the idea of us turning up on their doorstep, asking if we could use their sofa because you flubbed the shot of a blow job. So if you can’t get it together today, that’s fine, I know we all have off days. Just let me know now, while there’s still time for me to call Kate.”
tongue was doing something truly incredible that left John making helpless little noises at the back of his throat, with absolutely no opportunity or ability to ask inane questions.
If only John had told him to piss off when he deduced his military career from his face and his leg.
“Shower’s free!” said Molly brightly, emerging from the bathroom in a cloud of steam and inadvertently saving John both from gawking at Sherlock without a camera to hide behind and from swatting him with the bin for making this shoot harder than it had to be.
“Shoscombe,” murmured John, recognizing both the name and Sherlock’s disdain. “The one with the dog.”
Her husband, however, who arrived some weeks later with a baggage train carrying what must have been most of a wizard’s tower, minus the stone and mortar and shingle—oh, he was like the cigarettes Sherlock smoked furtively behind the stables. Ordinary and intoxicating and addictive and forbidden.
If Sherlock had been any closer, John was not a hundred percent certain that he wouldn’t have hit him. Instead, being a desk and a couple of chairs away and quite keen on
someone, but if he did, why did they leave him when he was clearly in distress? Why didn’t they get help? And if no help was to be had, why didn’t they tell anyone?” Sherlock tilted his head in the direction of the main keep. “No one else knows he’s dead yet. It’s far too quiet over there for that.”
Sherlock appraised John with narrowed eyes, trying to figure out where he’d gone wrong. The smirk on John’s face grew incrementally in return, and Sherlock was so unnerved by it that he huffed out a sharp breath then pursed his lips in consternation. John had the knowledge of a medical doctor and the deportment of a soldier. The rest of the pieces just didn’t make sense together.
“You must be Sherlock. Just give me a sec, he’s just finishing up with a patient.” She disappeared into the labyrinth of rooms in the back, and Sherlock didn’t know quite what to do with himself. He wouldn’t debase himself so much as to sit on a chair. Sitting didn’t exactly denote angry, pissed off, and betrayed. He tried leaning against the wall, but it felt too casual and not authoritative enough. He eventually settled on standing with the lunch sack clutched at his side, stiffly formal and unrepentant.
“What the hell do you expect from me, Sherlock?” John eventually sighed, as the last of the resistance slipped out of his body. “You’re bloody gorgeous, and you’ve got your bits all hanging out for the world to see. I’m only human.”
And he found himself horrified that the disdain sounded more like disappointment, and the scowl on his face felt more like a forlorn frown.
One minute, John and Sherlock are walking along the snow-covered pathway in a dazzling white Regent’s Park, on the way back from a client in Primrose Hill. The next, Sherlock is nowhere in sight and John finds himself talking to air.
The soft yet desperate sounds of his name turns something inside John into molten lava while simultaneously bringing everything else into stark bright
John drew back slowly, and let his nose brush along Sherlock’s cheek until it caressed his nose. Their lips were suddenly nudging at each other, but not quite in a kiss, and it was singularly thrilling.
He tugs on Sherlock’s hair again, bringing their mouths back together, and this time there is no hesitation. There’s only touch, taste and, oh fuck that’s Sherlock’s tongue sneaking in to tangle with his own. It seems so unreal - that this longed-for eventuality is actually happening, that Sherlock is initiating and engaging and
The second most urgent struggle of his life - or in recent memory, at least - became apparent immediately thereafter as he felt his rapidly-developing erection twitch against the brim of his sunhat.
that had been haunting his every moment since the afternoon - rolled to the side and propped himself up on an elbow. His eyes skipped, completely unapologetically, over Sherlock’s torso to take in the sight of the man’s cock, temptingly erect and nestled in copper-dark curls. John swallowed, wondering for the first time in his life about what it would actually be like to give a blow job. When he met Sherlock’s eyes again, he could see the same hunger mirrored there and he watched with bated breath as Sherlock reached down and gave John’s cock a firm and smooth stroke.
John grinned lazily and let his head drop down to Sherlock’s chest. If that was only the first of many, and it had been
“And yet I’ll wager that it’s still more interesting than your nap.” Sherlock’s voice dropped an octave, right out of the blue, and a chill ran through John’s body in spite of the warm day. When his eyes opened again he found that they’d made their way to Sherlock’s groin once more.
John’s hips stuttered, making the tip of it brush his lips, and Sherlock smiled, moving his head so that it dragged across the seam of his mouth. John groaned; Sherlock’s smile grew wider.
The fox shook his head. “I remember books. And a library with high windows, and the scent of ink and vellum. I liked books, I think.” He whined in frustration as the dark spaces between the oak shelves in his head turned into the shadows between tree trunks in the forest. He’d been so close, he’d almost had it. “That could be anywhere!”
in the throes of sexual passion, he knew damn well what he was doing. And what he was doing - what he had been doing since he’d walked through the door of 221B, come to think of it - was fucking with John.
He was fairly certain he’d dreamed of this, somewhere between the nightmares and the mundane nighttime meanderings, but he’d never imagined it was possible in the waking world. It might never happen again. So, struck by sobering thought, he ate Sherlock’s arse like tomorrow was a vague promise from a known confidence trickster.
"Bloody prima donna," he said, sympathetically, as Sarah finished talking to Molly and Irene and started staring at the door as if she could will her actor to appear behind it if she tried hard enough.
I remember the screams. I remember one officer who had, against all odds, survived the long dark, though he remained insensate for far longer than I, deathly silent but for the occasional cry in the night. I wonder what became of him.
He did. He felt better for it too, and for the wake up call Sarah had given him, and he was reasonably confident that he had things under control when Molly threw off her coat and filming resumed.
If forced to describe it - and he had been, once, at letter opener-point by a Sarah who’d been editing video descriptions for the studio’s website - John would have to say that it wasn’t an industry standard cock, not as huge as some, but there was something about the curve of it when erect and the shape and proportion of the head that was, well,
John made what he meant to be a non-committal noise, but was a good deal too pained to count as such. Sherlock was about a foot away now - within
Blushing is a terrible thing to do when you’re old enough to know better and have no way to hide it. John did his best by ducking his head and hoping his ears didn’t give him away.
“How — I — um — how —” John caught himself before prolonged stuttering could punch a hole in this unexpected dinghy of good fortune. “I could buy you a drink?”
And, but for the bristles a man has at the end of the day, his chin was indeed bare when he kissed me. He did not mind my own whiskers when I returned his affections, but I like to think that they are less offensive than the ridiculous beard he affects as Altamont.
“Oh, hush.” Sherlock spared John a quick, upward glance before drawing his lips over the thickening outline of his cock.
“You heard me,” said Sherlock again. His voice was ever so slightly disparaging, admonishing John in the undertones to
The breath rather went out of John at that. It was on the tip of his tongue to ask Sherlock if he was sure, but he liked to think he was a reasonably intelligent man and it just didn’t make sense to ask that of someone who was encouraging you to squeeze his bare buttocks. Also, having made his point, Sherlock put his mouth on his again, and
“But you’re—” John stopped himself before pointing out the obvious royal title. “Why wouldn’t it be you?”
. Distantly, John was thankful Mrs. Hudson was used to this sort of thing. There was something else about Mrs. Hudson he felt he ought to remember, but he could worry about that later. Right now, all he could focus on was fucking Sherlock with his tongue, and he was determined to do a good and thorough job of it.
spent a fair amount of time considering Sherlock’s cock, not all of which was spent behind the camera.
He put a steaming mug into John’s chilly hands and steered him to his chair, where an inviting nest of blankets was waiting. There was no fire in the grate, but a space heater was doing its quiet best.
“Oh, breathing - breathing’s boring.” Sherlock stretched and John had to remind himself that the man was an arsehole and therefore it would do him no good to be endlessly fascinated by his ribs or his armpit or the towel loosening ever so slightly. “God, I wish Sarah’d let me have the dildo.”
The pinging of his messages provided a counterpoint to the noise of Sarah and John doing their best to make it look like they had never been in the flat at all. This mostly consisted of tossing things back into plastic bins - quick work, since they never occupied the flat for more than a session or two at a time - and Sarah wielding two cans of air freshener like a madwoman after most of the bins had been safely stowed in the boot of her car.
It is well past midnight now, and I am writing by the light of a guttering candle flame and that of the crimson moon coming in through the window. I have spent longer on this than I intended. My hand cramps; I have almost exhausted my supply of ink; and my old wound throbs with a dull persistence.
For his part, Sherlock was unused to such an alarming depth of feeling that he couldn’t dismiss through sheer force of will, and he found it easier to flee than confront the impulses that possessed him whenever he found himself alone with John Watson. The small gods alone knew what was going through John’s head, but he certainly clung to Mary like a limpet and was seldom seen without her.
"All right, John?" smiled Irene, her grey eyes taking in his smart jacket and shoes. She was a sharp one, and with her personality it was hard to cast her in anything but a domineering position (though in one of her more memorable films, she'd turned out to be badly in need of discipline herself). "So, Sarah, tell us how it's going to work."
Irene stepped in, leaning over Sherlock to kiss the other woman. It made for a scorching visual, especially when Sherlock reached behind him to squeeze Irene’s bum. And just before the scene became too static, Irene unpeeled herself from the other two and sashayed over to the other side of the table. Molly reached for her, and she obliged, first by taking her hand and bringing it to her lips, then guiding her down until she was lying on the hard wooden surface, spread out like a feast between Irene and Sherlock.
) coveralls, into his path when she started on the kitchen. Collision happened, mostly between the last bin John was carrying and Sherlock’s armful of plumbing tools and real people clothes.
However, our last venture required that I should write some small dramas for the stage. I will not deny that this pleased me, and I suspect that this was my companion’s intention—despite his insistence that a collection of original works was necessary for our purposes.
read his blog for God’s sake, never mind that she’d probably seen more explicit material in her lifetime than he had). But it would also be accurate to say that he
And they did. This time, when Irene came up behind Sherlock, she draped herself over his back, pressing kisses to his nape and wrapping her arms around him so she could, yes, pinch his nipples. Then she slid down, lips tracing his spine until she was low enough to, as per Sarah’s instructions, bite his bum.
His supply of tobacco was dwindling. What he’d brought back from university was almost gone and it would be a long while before he’d be able to bribe anyone into buying him more, but he’d had a difficult night. That was worth at least one roll-up.
I have harsher words for anyone who condones the events of January 6th and the four years that led up to it, but I'll put that anger elsewhere.
"Molly sweetheart, don't change a thing," instructed Sarah, tucking a strand of hair behind Molly's ear. "Let's say that you just came home from your shift at the hospital. Just put on a skirt instead of those slacks, easy access, you know."
Forgive the gallows humor, my lovelies. I hope you're all keeping well, and I'll be more careful with my figures of speech from here on out.
“You say this after a year of living among actors! My dearest Watson, you amaze me.” He laid a conciliatory hand on my shoulder. “If it is any comfort to you, it will be some time before we can be on our way.”
Technically, it was more of a brush than a grab. The full weight of his palm and outspread fingers only really rested on John’s arm for the barest second. Still, it was more than enough time for John’s thoughts to fizz uncomfortably: it had to be an accident, Sherlock had to have been reaching for Molly - wait, no, he was a professional, he wasn’t
and he had to zoom in, zoom out, focus where Sarah told him to, and keep the camera at a titillating angle. But as he followed Sherlock-as-a-plumber’s leer up and down Molly and Irene’s bodies while they made their introductions (a little whining about the sink, a little giggling, a little unnecessary touching), he wondered what it would be like to see this as a consumer instead of part of the production, to lose himself properly in this wank fantasy in private, with his hand curled around his prick. Though, of course, that sort of viewing, however indulgent, would never be as close as this, where he could see everything, hear everything, and - if he lost his mind entirely - he could reach out and touch...
My companion, as ever, knew my mind without my having to speak a word. “Come now, that day of reckoning is a long way off. A
He didn’t like to fall back on that excuse (he still limped - psychosomatic, Ella said - though it was better than it had been), but his knee
“I - I don’t think....” he said, backing away ever so slightly as she invaded his personal space. Irene laid a finger on his lips to silence him - the very finger she’d been using on Molly.
would sound too petulant. “Would you like the end of the toilet roll folded into a little triangle too?”
I would have gone with him, but he would not hear of it. There was no need, said he, for both of us to dangle as bait. Then he smiled, telling me it would be but the work of a moment, and I was not to worry myself over so small a thing. Had I not better conserve my energies for later?
“I mean,” John’s mouth went on, taking direction from a heretofore undiscovered sensible part of his brain at the
The fox did. He was properly awake now, and didn’t need more than a fox’s mind to sense the subtle wrongness in the woods. There were cautionary undertones to the birdsong, and the rustling in the undergrowth was hushed. Hunters indeed.
Sherlock gave a bark of laughter at that. “Hard work? This is the best day I’ve ever had on the job!”
“Yes,but I wouldn’t have been paid for it.” And with that, he began to take off the rest of his clothes.
"Him?" Irene spared John a glance, then went back to swirling her tongue over Sherlock's left nipple. "He doesn't mind."
“John,” she hissed, though he’d never know how she managed to hiss a name without sibilants, “what the hell is going on?”
Sarah bustled over to Sherlock, tutting loudly when she saw what he was wearing. True, the man was carrying what seemed to be a case of actual, well-used plumbing tools, but the rest of him was looking unbearably posh, from his dark curls to his silk shirt to the toes of his well-made leather shoes. Unbearably posh, and, thought John, risking a brief, professional nod at the man, devastatingly, toe-curlingly attractive.
The forest around the school campus was thick and covered in shadow. As John flew above the trees, he was followed by a magnificent black lion, with a thick shiny mane. Sherlock.
The office was as extravagant as the rest of the school, and was probably larger than John’s flat. Behind the headmistress’ desk were two huge windows that let in sun and gave a wonderful view of the school gardens. John squinted at them, and tried to keep his breathing even as he stood, leaning heavily on his cane.
After getting what he needed he looked back at the lab table where Holmes and Molly were working on the set up.
Just as John finished their explanation, the colour of the potion changed, and Holmes shrugged before chucking it in.
John allowed themself to look at the grounds properly. The office building was located slightly away from the area used for classes and wasn’t visible from the entrance.
John groaned slightly as he nodded his head slightly, and the person, head of the medical department, came down the stairs to help him.
“Oh! Right! You probably don’t remember me. I’m Molly Hooper, my pronouns are she/her,” she said “I shadowed one of the necromancers on your team last year. I was only around for about 2 months though.”
John watched as Sherlock removed a clump of the moss covering the building, and startle slightly, eyes widening, almost imperceptivity.
“Martha my dear! I ran into our newest student, Captain Watson,” Dr. Holmes exclaimed in a sing-song voice as Headmistress Hudson looked up from her documents.
Their group of 3 was the second to last to present their work. Professor Magnussen came over with a small vial of blood and tipped a small amount of the potion into it. After a few minutes, the blood began to coagulate.
“Maybe you were trying to make me jealous by showing that lovely rear off to someone else?” John continued.
“Hello, I’m Mycroft Holmes, he/him,” he squeezed his nose between his pinky and thumb “I apologize for the yelling.”
“Oh but sweetie. If you aren’t having fun I won’t have any fun either. I don’t want you to do anything you don’t like doing just because you think I’m having fun. I love when you use your safeword and tell me how you feel.”
The lion raced through the woods as John soared calmly behind. He could feel his wing throb where his shoulder would normally be. Flying had become somewhat of a luxury after returning from his deployment.
“Yes, yes,” Molly chided as she got out of her chair and moved to get the list of ingredients from Professor Magnussen, with John trailing behind.
“Well, captain Watson, it was a pleasure meeting you, but we have business to attend to,” Mycroft stated calmly.
When John came to school that following Wednesday, Hooper was stood at the entrance to the school, Holmes stood next to her with a murderous look on his face. They were both holding bags that made John feel queasy with how expensive they looked.
“Your potion seems to be coming along quite well. Remember to stir counterclockwise the entire time. You have 15 minutes left before we have to test it.”
Deciding to take a break, he landed by the entrance, and took his human form once again. The sounds and smells of the forest put John at ease, some of the perpetual tension in his body leaving.
For some reason it unnerved him. It looked… off. Like some of the foliage had appeared on it’s own, reclaiming the space taken up by the small shelter, but some looked almost man made.
Sherlock was frozen in place and couldn’t even open his mouth to respond. He didn’t even know what he would say. Yes? No? Maybe?
“Perfect, Sherlock and I both have that class! Perhaps we could come get you at the front gate?” Molly offered.
He knew who this woman was as soon as he heard her name. Mona Holmes, he had read many of her research papers as a med student. She was well known within the circle of magical healing. Even outside of the medical circles, she and her family were a household name. Everyone knew who the Holmes family were.
“Boys!” Sally yelled over the two of them “Get out a tape measure or put them away. We have company.”
15 minutes later, the potion was done, and the class was presenting their results. Some of the potions could have been better John noticed, but overall, they were all decent quality.
He wanted to be useful, so he did as asked of him, no matter what he thought of the tasks. John Hamish Watson, always eager to please. The soldier, always willing to obey commands.
“He held out his hand for you, and you just walked past him,” John continued with a smirk on his face. It was clear to see he enjoyed a good scolding session.
Sherlock felt his heart sink at the phrase. Pictures of his father screaming and insulting him catching him by the neck and choking him. His lounges seemed to fill with water as he gasped for breath.
Once class was dismissed students began bustling out of the room. John decided to stay behind for a bit. When Molly had left the room, Sherlock cleared his throat, garnering John’s attention.
It felt somewhat surreal to be galivanting about a forest with a man he had only ever seen on the pages of newspapers until less than a week ago.
“Right!” Molly exclaimed and drug Sally with her into the office building before turning around “I’ll see you Wednesday.”
The cabinets were filled with herbs and plants, some of which John didn’t even recognize. It was amazing, and this was the potions building! They could only imagine how impressive the herbology classes would be, seeing as the school was known for them.
It set John on edge as Sherlock moved towards a wall with a particularly heavy patch of man-made moss.
“Why can’t you just do it? Honestly, it’s not like you have anything better to do, and I can’t afford to hire someone.”
One of the people behind them glanced at him and lit up. They ran past the two people arguing and stood in front of him.
John moved his hand under Sherlock’s shirt and up towards his nipples. Sherlock wanted to tell him to stop, but the fear of disappointing John suddenly overwhelmed him. His eyes prickled with what he knew were tears that he tried to will away, as picture after picture of his parents screaming at him and his brother flooded through him.
“You’re going to be studying here?” Molly beamed and pulled Sally’s hand up to her face with her own.
“Were you trying to show that gorgeous arse of yours off?” John said and Sherlock’s cock twitched with interest.
A loud sigh escaped the person on the stairs. “Some teachers really shouldn’t be teachers,” they stated.
The two boys were still yelling at each other, and the younger Holmes boy, Sherlock, John remembered his name to be thanks to the papers, was red faced and baring teeth.
“The forest around the school is protected area, and shifters are allowed to train their forms in there.”
He heard the whispers in the corners of the rooms. The quiet complaints that he so desperately tried to rid from the minds of others.
Sherlock looked at his sir before his mind decided the floor was far more interesting to look at. He wasn’t quite sure why to be honest.
“Attention please,” came a loud voice from the front of the class and John looked to see the person he was now certain was Professor Magnussen, writing on the board “As I’m sure you’re all aware, we have a new student with us today. Introduce yourself please.”
After a while of John sitting with his arms around Sherlock and rocking him back and forth, along with heaps of forehead and scalp kisses Sherlock stopped crying.
A simple command rung in his head, and he leapt to follow it. No matter how strained his eyes were, no matter how unreal his life felt, no matter what else happened. This would make him full, help him feel right.
All around him, students milled about, laughing, talking, teasing each other. Walking about as if nothing was wrong in the world. A few of them shot extra glances his way when they noticed his limp, and John had to bite his tongue to avoid snapping at them. He tightened his grip on his cane further and felt a sharp pain as the head of it dug into his palm.
Upon entering the classroom, John was awed. Sure, his normal public school had a potions lab as well, but nowhere near this grand.
“Yes, yes, building 4 is used for potions John and Mr. Magnussen’s class is taught in room 205,” Molly told him as the 3 of them made their way towards one of the smaller buildings on the academy grounds.
John felt a flutter in his stomach he had long since thought to have died out. The wings of hope, of the desperate craving for approval. He wished to show Sherlock all of him, to show Sherlock, that he was not some simple puzzle he had figured out a million times before. He wanted Sherlock to try and solve him, and find he had but a mere fraction of the required pieces.
It struck John as slightly odd, that the head of Herbology at W.M.A. would use enhanced ingredients. Even a century ago, they were fully aware that they were less effective for magic, and the school certainly had more than enough money to not only buy high quality ingredients but grow them if need be.
An encryption most likely. John wasn’t surprised. For some reason, it just made sense for this man to encrypt his writings.
“Okay, the classroom is on the second floor,” John felt his heart drop slightly at that “But, all of the building with multiple stories, save for the green house, have elevators, so no need to worry about taking the stairs.”
The list of ingredients contained a few ingredients John had regularly used in the military, and a few he knew were much more potent than the shitty supplies he usually had on hand.
“I’m glad to hear,” Headmistress Hudson said “Now, you’re registered as a shifter in our files, and it states that your animal form is a black raven. Is that correct?”
Ella wanted to blame his parents. His mother and father for being emotionally violent towards him, his father for being neglectful as well. She said he had been trained to desperately cling to any traces of love or approval, because of how few and far between they had been during his childhood.
Seers tended to be rather… aloof though. They often spoke without thinking and tended to rub people the wrong way. John had learnt to live with the odd rude comment here and there.
John was aware of how Sherlock’s shifted form looked; it was one of the most famous attributes of the Holmes family. The Holmes’ were well known, not just for their truly extravagant amounts of money, but for having birthed all shifters for the past 15 generations and producing some of the world’s most powerful witches.
Irene waved this away. “We don’t know that for certain until the paperwork’s been signed. Remember that married couple last year who ended up next door instead?”
“Oh, it’s quite simple,” said Irene, half-turning while she casually went on fucking Molly with her fingers. “My friend here fancies you, but she’s a little shy.” She paused long enough for Molly to nod and give a timid laugh. “So I was helping her warm up for you. Would you like a taste?”
I never do write as fast as I'd like, and real life has been rather mad, and somehow it's been easier in the past few months to bake bread than to sit quietly and write. But here is a new chapter, and I hope to get the next one out some time before the next Ice Age - though given how the world is going that might be sooner rather than later and I'd better get my skates on, if I may attempt an idiom.
I believed such seditious thoughts would be my last, there in the Afghan hills, but the Jezail bullet that entered my left leg saved my life. There is no doubt in my mind that I would have perished like so many others if I had been able to descend into the caves instead of lying bleeding on the slopes.
"Yes, I fingered myself in the shower," said Sherlock breathily, reminding John of the eyes he likely had at the back of his head. "Today's session was singularly tedious – I won't deny that your presence on set was welcome, but it was also
And because that was the last thing he wanted, wouldn’t it be infinitely better to avoid the need for an apology at all? It was hard, so hard, to swallow the unwarranted retort, to let go of the black mood and shut it away for another time, but Sherlock didn’t deserve such treatment, especially not when he was being so warm and open and wonderful. The thought of Sherlock’s face taking on that awful shut-off look he got when his deductions were shot down
good, the smug bastard, and it wasn’t just that he expertly licked and suckled and used his clever fingers where his mouth was not. No, it was that he knew exactly when and how to do all of this in way that might have been precisely calculated to reduce John to a helpless, moaning mess.
At that point, Sarah jabbed him in the side with the corner of her clipboard and brought him back to his senses.
“No, I gathered it was the kind with hooves and a tail. And they all agreed that you got into a dairy and spilled the milk and took a bite out of all the cheeses. That’s why they think it’s a fox, by the way, rather than a wolf or a madman. Apparently cheddar takes a good impression of teeth.”
In real life, John gave an undignified gurgle, and he may or may not have reached out to Sarah for support. All he knew was that she gently but firmly guided his hand back to the camera, gave him a sympathetic pat on the shoulder, and directed him to respond.
“Hunters?” The fox yawned, stretched, shook himself. He remembered fox hunts—baying hounds, thundering hooves, a great deal of fuss over nothing—but he could not recall being hunted. That must have been from his other life then, but that was a thought for later, if he could hang on to it.
Sarah made Irene move so that John could focus on Molly’s frankly beautiful O-face. Then she made John move again to get a shot of Sherlock pushing his fingers into Molly as she rode out the aftershocks.
“You’re staying with me?” asked the fox after a while. The bird was flying just over his shoulder, and still keeping pace.
“Thanks. Say, can you understand me?” The bird turned its head to look at the fox with each bright black eye. “You do, I know it! Fancy that. I’ve been in these woods for days, and the only other thing I’ve been able to talk to is a half-witted nightingale and I think she was just trying to be polite.” He pushed a wing feather into place with his shiny yellow beak, looking thoughtful. “She was a girl once, or I’ll eat my hat. Well. I’d eat my hat if I had it, though in this shape, I’d probably be better off making a nest in it. Were you someone too?”
) before going for her clit, sucking and lapping with wild enthusiasm. Molly, already flushed and panting, was finally unable to bite back a groan when Irene pushed a finger deep into her cunt, and she went on groaning, quite wantonly, until a loud metallic clatter came from the direction of the sink.
Today's location was 221B Baker Street, an actual flat which the landlady let them rent for their films while it was still tenant-less. Mrs. Hudson had been an exotic dancer in her day, and, though she never looked in while they were working ("Not at my time of life, dears."), she occasionally brought up trays of tea and biscuits for the girls between takes. Sarah raised her eyebrows at John when he came upstairs with his equipment.
“But what? I understand a certain reluctance to indulge one’s fantasies in real life - dreams so often become disappointing once you can touch them. Is that it? Are you afraid I might not be as good as you imagined?” Sherlock was well and truly invading John’s space now, and his next words ghosted warmly over John’s ear. “I assure you, I am
He flicked his tail to one side, inviting the bird to come closer, and it hopped down from the branch to the ground, though it stayed at a careful distance from his teeth.
Then he said it again, with more of an exclamation point and less of a pop, when Molly sank onto his cock.
Mercifully, there wasn’t much left to the film after that: just some more sticky kissing, some licking of residual drops of semen off of lips and necks and Sherlock’s cock, and a humorous bit where they all realized that the sink still wasn’t fixed. Sarah called it a wrap at that point and pronounced herself satisfied with the footage, everybody put their clothes back on, and John could breathe easy again, especially when the actors went off to shower. Or at least Molly and Irene did, with Irene going downstairs to use Mrs. Hudson’s bathroom (and purloin a couple of biscuits too, probably). Sherlock, having professed a disinterest in hot water, drifted back to the kitchen where he could be heard texting furiously.
an air hostess eventually, but she was still trying to figure out how they could shoot the film on an actual plane.
He would have been content to go on like that, would have given a good deal to find out if he could make Sherlock come from this alone, would have given his good right arm (
“You know what I mean.” Sherlock nearly fell back on the haughtiness that served him so well, but he caught the twinkle in John’s eye. Oh dear. This was flirting again, wasn’t it? He held up his tobacco pouch instead. “My mother forbids smoking inside the castle in general, and in my case in particular.”
“Well, yes. Just. You don’t have to put on a show for me. You’re breathtaking just as you are.” That was rather more than John meant to say. Sherlock preened a little at that. It was a shame that the next thing out of John’s mouth was, “And I’m still not sure this is a good idea.”
,” Sarah wailed, frantically waving her clipboard. “Mrs. Hudson has lodgers coming to look at the flat at
The fox blinked. He wasn’t hungry now, and, even if he had been, he didn’t think he would have felt inclined to eat this particular bird. It sounded like something—someone—he should know, right along with tea and...tea and
John closed his eyes. He hadn’t wanted to look away—frankly hadn’t been able to—while Sherlock’s mouth was on his cock, but he wanted to focus on this kiss and nothing else. Sherlock’s lips were, yes, brilliant, and so was his tongue—Christ, he could taste himself there—and so were his arms around John, and John supposed he could die happy now, this was all he’d wanted ever since he met Sherlock Holmes only...only...
“Yes. I couldn’t put them on while I was working.” Sherlock let his head fall back and groaned. “I’d kill for the real thing. Impossible to maintain a smoking habit in London these days. Bad news for brain work.”
, had a vague idea of leaves in water that tasted better than leaves gone soggy in a puddle, and warmth, and milk, or some lemon if no milk was to be had.
John harrumphed at being manhandled into comfort, but the black mood was becoming ever so slightly less comfortable to carry. He took a sip of the tea, which was just the right temperature. Sherlock had timed the making of it perfectly.
“And you already had that gorgeous mouth all to yourself. Greedy girl.” Irene smirked and drew the pad of her thumb over those cupid’s bow lips. “I want that next.” She jerked her head in the direction of the living room, an order as much as anything. “Come along now.”
John started. The black mood, still sitting with him, reared up and bit, and it would have been so easy to snap at Sherlock, tell him to get out of his head, damn it, stop trying to be so bloody clever. And he’d apologize for it afterwards, of course he would, because he wouldn’t mean it, he never would, it wasn’t Sherlock’s fault at all that the world was wrapped around John like a heavy, prickly duvet from a seedy hotel that was barely keeping its operating license, and the very last thing he wanted was to hurt Sherlock so carelessly.
“It has bought us some time,” he said at last. “The London constabulary now thinks that we have fled Albion, and they will not look for us in the heart of the city.”
Sherlock waved this away as the least of his concerns. “The bathroom’s fine - hot water, no leaks, and it’s clean, if a trifle dated. You can’t ask for much more than that. But you — ‘a nice fat cock up the arse’? Is that really what you like?”
In the normal course of things, we would have fled as soon as the deed was done, flushed with victory and stained with the inhuman creature’s blood, like the hunting dogs from which we take our name. But my companion counseled patience. We were being pursued, he said, by an adversary who was very nearly his equal, and drawing attention to ourselves by taking sudden flight would have guaranteed our capture.
The problem was that it was difficult to avoid flirting if you didn’t know you were flirting in the first place. This should have been impossible for Sherlock, who detested inane, empty small talk and thought of the species of small talk designed to help people get a leg over as a special hell for the feeble-minded. And yet every time he spoke to John Watson, normal commentary on such innocent topics as the weather or the price of eggs became charged and laden with intent, with John lowering those eyelashes and licking his lips in that way of his and Sherlock unable to keep a smile from settling on his treacherous face.
“Why would that be g--” John turned to face Sherlock and another question became much more pertinent when he saw what was on his forearm. “Is that three patches?”
Do I hope that, in some distant future, I might be able to share this story and earn my companion’s good name the reputation I know it deserves? He is the best and wisest man whom I have ever known, and it pains me daily that he must lurk in the shadows, unknown and feared by the world he is trying to save.
Sarah's glare between his shoulder blades, could practically sense her lips forming the word 'Cut!', and, anticipating her order, he was about to lower the camera, but Sherlock met his eyes through the lens. And he held his gaze even as Irene groped his fantastic arse with what John believed was completely warranted enthusiasm.
At this point, Molly was far from passive. She bit and nuzzled at every part of Irene she could reach, mostly the fabric of her shirt (damned if John knew how she made mouthfuls of cloth look sexy, but that was Molly Hooper for you), alternately clinging to Irene and grabbing double handfuls of Sherlock’s hair. It wasn’t long before her knuckles were going white and her movements lost some of their studied artistry, the leg draped over Sherlock’s shoulder pulling him closer as if she couldn’t bear for him to move away.
Currently, there was nothing very lyrical about John going down on his knees so the camera could be scant inches away as Irene and Molly helped Sherlock step out of the coveralls, boots and Y-fronts, and, once he was no longer in danger of falling over because of his legs being trapped by a stretchy band of cloth (that had happened before, a gloriously happy accident), put their mouths on him.
As he spoke, he trailed his hand down his neck to his bare chest, to the edge of the towel at his waist. His fingers played over the bunched up terrycloth, almost but not quite suggesting that he was about to pluck the thing off.
“He may suspect we are here. I would not take a confessed traitor at his word, if our positions were reversed, and it must be assumed that he has a working knowledge of suitable hiding-places in London for the criminal classes.” He must have caught the look of extreme horror on my face, for he left off emptying his pockets and approached the chair where I sat. “Yes, it may have been unwise in the extreme to leave him a letter in my own hand. I wished to obtain the measure of the man, but in doing so I have given him ample opportunity to learn mine. But I don’t think he will pursue us. Not yet.”
“Hey! Wake up!” said the bird urgently, darting backwards to avoid the teeth but still staying close. “And I mean wake up properly! There are hunters in the woods, and they’re looking for a fox. You’ll need your mind.”
It was almost enough to make the absurd scenario believable. From where he was, behind the camera with Sarah giving instructions over his shoulder, it was easy to remember that this was
No, I do not dream of glory. That was a younger man’s fancy, and I left it behind me in the hills and mountains of Afghanistan. But I know my companion has taken an interest in bees: he studies them in his spare time, and I suspect that he does not realize how often he speaks of their cultivation. And I have always been fond of the South Downs.
Now this was just too much. John hadn’t had much of a choice while they were filming, but he was quite thoroughly damned to the quiet, uncomfortable hell of doormats and other iterations of the meek if he let that pass while he was on his own time.
"Such as it is," Sarah laughed. "Well, a plumber comes in to check the pipes in a flat shared by two hot girls..."
Molly nodded. She was a cute little thing, given to floral prints and sensible shoes, and if John had met her anywhere else, he wouldn't for a second have believed that she worked in porn. "Two flatmates, one plumber, lots and lots of sex," she said. She was also the sort of girl who was given to religiously reading scripts and manuals beforehand. "And a random male friend behind the camera who doesn't get involved."
The other actress rolled her eyes. "Fine, love. Sarah," she said, turning to the director, "we can start without him, can't we?"
“It can’t hurt,” said Sarah, not missing a beat. “I will see you tomorrow. Ladies, if you could give me a hand with this - excellent, thank you.”
It started with Molly walking into frame, smoothing her crumpled skirt, undoing the zip and pushing it down to her hips so that she was naked for true. As she threw herself onto the sofa, Irene and Sherlock stumbled in from the kitchen, Irene with her blouse fully undone and shoved down to her shoulders, and Sherlock - well,
Knowing my companion as I do, this was not a statement to be taken lightly. He prizes his intellect above all else, justifiably so, and any man he considers to be on his level must be a terrible danger indeed.
Sherlock made a face to show what he thought of that. “Please. Save the mundanities for later. I meant, how shall we start having sex?
"Let's give her a turn, shall we?" she said, patting Molly's knee and giving the camera a decidedly naughty wink.
Molly ducked into the kitchen to change, which John found charmingly ironic, seeing as they were all going to see her stripped to the skin later on. Sarah turned to him then. "I don't need to tell you what to do, John. You're brilliant."
Sherlock's eyes - impossible eyes, John could never decide what color they were - went to the cameraman then, and the corner of his mouth quirked upwards in a half smile. "That wouldn't have been too bad."
doing this. He certainly wasn’t shy about egging John on, gasping for more like his life depended on it, and, now that they were on the same page, John was more than happy to comply.
Finally, after a protracted scene where Irene lay on top of Molly and the two of them made out while Sherlock fucked them in turns (
“My mother prefers that I not involve myself. There was an incident at the university.” Sherlock did not have to cut himself off: that was all he prepared to say of the matter to anyone. And that brought him back to himself, somewhat, reminded him of caution and questions he would have asked of anybody else. He glanced at John. “What were
John didn’t need any prompting this time. This, if he could say so himself, was what he was good at. He started by taking in the entire scene: Irene had quite expertly positioned herself between
“Sir Jeffrey Patterson.” Sherlock crouched down next to John, his tobacco pouch entirely forgotten. “He left about a year ago as a trade envoy. His delegation returned late last night—surely you must have heard the commotion at the gate?—and he was supposed to have an audience with my mother this morning.”
to that state. There were no cameras; this was no performance. It was just the two of them in the empty flat, and damned if the knowledge of that didn’t fill John with a kind of giddy delirium.
“Perfect. Let’s have dinner.” Irene shrugged on her coat. She was wearing jeans and a jumper now, her flimsy costume having been tucked away in a gym bag. “Mrs. Hudson says there’s a good Chinese place not far from here. Anyone else coming?”
The fox remembered a similar expression on somebody else, the memory sharp and bright like a knife’s edge between his eyes. He wanted to stay with that thought, chase it down, rifle through its pockets (
“I could have told you it was going to snow,” he said, putting one long arm around John and drawing him gently into the warm room.
“This is new,” he said, curling his fingers around the mug. It was an unfamiliar tea, but not unpleasant.
) just to hear that again. And encouraged by every groan and squirm and arching of his back, John kissed, licked, nipped his way down Sherlock’s spine, pausing to tease at those dimples of Venus before going on to (
Sherlock’s assent was a low growl as he pushed his cock into Molly’s hand. The half-undone coveralls were riding perilously low, exposing the waistband of his pants and resting just above the plump swell of his arse. If John had been allowed to take a slightly different shot, he would have seen the long lines of Sherlock’s back and those deliciously tempting dimples of Venus (
Though, of course, it could just as easily have been Irene’s good work. She had pulled Molly’s blouse off, and was bent over her, pressing kisses onto her throat and the skin delectably exposed between the thin, lacy cups of her bra. The lingerie was doing precious little to hide aereolae and peaked nipples, though somehow the glimpses afforded through the flimsy material made the scene that much more erotic.
Attention. Right. By now, Sherlock was making a show of examining the kitchen sink, bending at the waist at an improbable angle so that his arse was facing the camera. Right. That was a good visual. He could work with that.
John managed to dodge her by ducking into the corridor when she did the living room, but she drove Sherlock, still in those ridiculous (
“I endeavor to please you in all things, but it can only be Altamont and no other. He is already known in the secret loyalist societies of Chicago and New York, and until we are safely ensconced with Miss Hatty Dornan in California, there is no other name that will secure our passage through the New World. Tell me,” he continued, smiling impishly, “what is it about him that you find so objectionable? His blind devotion to the Old Ones? The goatee? Or the war he has apparently declared on the Queen’s English?”
One day, when our work is done, we may be able to spend a quiet evening in Sussex, in a little cottage where we have beehives in the garden, with the light of the moon shining down upon us, pure and silver as it was before the Old Ones came.
“My sex life’s not up for discussion, thank you.” John’s tone couldn’t have been any icier if it had skated down a glacier in a fish tank filled with ice cubes, but Sherlock went on, apparently oblivious.
His shoulder hurt in the cold. Fairy lights were a bitch to put up, and a bastard to put away when they inevitably had to come down. He was fairly sure that real holly was poisonous (or was that mistletoe?), and fake holly was a choking hazard. Every single damn carol was either disgustingly twee or a subtle guilt trip. He hadn’t been expecting snow, so he slipped and slid on the pavement in unsuitable shoes. And as for peace, joy and goodwill to all mankind, John was pretty sure he’d seen two women having a row over the last Baby Yoda in the shop, so that was the state of the world right there.
He had barely finished giving himself a mental pat on the back when Irene entered the scene again. She was holding a very large, very pink dildo, quite realistically shaped, and John froze as she drew the tip of it down Sherlock’s spine, then over the ample curve of his arse, then she doubled back, parted his cheeks and
"Good girl, Irene," said Sarah approvingly. "Let's have your hair in a French braid, please, I want to have a clear view of your face, especially when it's got Sherlock's cock in it."
“You’re lucky.” John laid a hand—gently, gently—on Sherlock’s leg and leaned against him. “I should play it for you some time. Mind you, we’d probably have to be properly sloshed to stand it, but that’d be in keeping with the spirit of the thing.”
To his credit, Sherlock did put on speed, donning a convincing set of workman’s coveralls (with nothing but his pants on underneath, because this was porn after all) and a pair of heavy boots. You had to hand it to the man: despite the fact that nobody could possibly be paying attention since the clothes always came off within the first 5 minutes, he always supplied his own costumes with painstaking attention to detail.
“Yes, ages. Ever since Mike Stamford first brought you on set. You’ve been driving me insane. I was positive you were interested, I knew you were, I could
The last thing he expected or needed was to find the reason for his uncomfortable night lurking behind the stables just after sunrise, in what was supposed to be
"Shoving Molly onto the kitchen table, pulling her panties down, and eating her out while the plumber is under the sink. When he looks up, I ask him if he'd like a taste." Irene laughed. "I know the drill."
With Sherlock safely in the shower, John felt ever so slightly more competent. He confiscated one of Sarah’s air fresheners, telling her that that was quite enough, they did not need deep lungfuls of fresh lemon scent, and neither did Mrs. Hudson’s prospective lodgers. Molly laughed.
“You heard me perfectly, I’m not saying it again.” The stretch ended and Sherlock slumped bonelessly in the chair. It wasn’t any better. He still could have been posing for a lascivious Renaissance statue — the sort that they wouldn’t put in churches because they might upset the young ladies, or, rather, the type of people who were unduly concerned about what might upset young ladies. “Much better than cigarettes. Cheaper too, in the long run. And,” Sherlock smirked, “better for breathing.”
“Thank you.” John meant it too. Now they could pretend that this particular odd slice of conversation had never happened and he could go home and have a good wank as he would at the end of any other sexually frustrating work day.
it, and I couldn’t tell what I was doing wrong.” He smirked. “Short of jumping you, of course, since taking my clothes off in front of you is an ordinary occurrence.”
been away for quite some time, and besides that he mainly resided on his estate in the next province. I do not doubt that he could navigate the main areas of my mother’s castle with ease, but
“Bit too late for that,” he said, trying to keep his voice light. “Sarah made sure we packed everything up. And she said—”
"If you'd taken any longer," Irene said, crossing her long legs and leveling a pointed look at him, "we'd have had to use John."
Sherlock thought they were doing quite well until the two of them found themselves standing next to a dead body.
"I meant to change in the cab," explained Sherlock, shrugging off his Belstaff coat and untying his blue scarf. "I just came from another job. Couldn't have bloody well changed costume on the Tube."
Just like that, and there was nothing to hide behind. John had spent the last few hours—or maybe months, come to that—tamping down what he felt on the assumption that his attention would be unwelcome. It had been safer to stay behind the camera, and, frankly, less creepy, because John liked to think he was mature enough to recognize that someone who acted out sexual fantasies for a living wouldn’t appreciate being objectified like that in real life. And now this.
), from the back and in profile, as he thrust in and out of Molly, John was rather proud of how he was doing.
He only left when the fox was settled in his hiding place. That was the last the fox expected to see of him, but he heard his piping call at the entrance of the sett just a few hours later.
He had found a young rabbit earlier, quite fresh and practically untouched, and it had made a good meal. He’d eaten some late berries left on the brambles. He’d washed all that down with a long drink from a cool, running stream.
“A nice Assam blend. I thought you might like it. A client dropped it off while you were out—Shos-something or another.”
“I don’t blame you for getting distracted,” said Molly, taking John’s attention lapse in stride. She gave Sherlock (lying on his back on the floor, knees up and apart while making a lot of breathy, grunting noises, ostensibly tinkering with the guts of the sink) a not-quite-surreptitious look. “He’s pretty fit, isn’t he?”
John wiped a hand over his eyes, as if by doing so he could erase this new, unwelcome knowledge. He knew he wasn’t subtle, and he knew that other people knew, but being presented with the fact of it by the
“Of course,” he said, continuing to stroke John with painstaking deliberation, “I’d be more than happy to get back on my knees and finish you off with my mouth, if that’s what you’d prefer.” His eyes flicked downward, and John followed his gaze to where his fingers circled John’s prick, just so. John made a soft keening noise; Sherlock grinned, and pressed a kiss to the corner of his mouth. “I told you I had high hopes, and they were justified – amply so – and I want to take your cock
Good geese, these times are more interesting than I bargained for - and this is speaking after 2020. I hope you are all safe. I hope things get better - no, I hope we can
Sherlock’s skin was warm beneath his hands – good God, the man truly did have a magnificent arse – and Sherlock’s hair was still damp (and, yes, definitely floral) from the shower when he moved to kiss and lick at John’s throat, and Sherlock’s fingers were firm and steady as they curled around John’s cock once more. John shuddered and moaned and gripped tighter. Sherlock made a sound like a pleased rumble of thunder at that, and nipped lightly at John’s earlobe.
I could not tell why I wrote this account at all, save, perhaps, to put my thoughts on this affair in some semblance of order. If it is found on me, it will spell our deaths, and there is nowhere for me to hide it without chancing discovery.
John grit his teeth. He reminded himself that this was hardly the most difficult situation he’d ever been in (he’d been through
John listened to the three of them negotiating the stairs and the landing, with Irene handling the leading end of the bin and Molly giggling when they jogged the corner of the box and something in it started to vibrate. He was vaguely aware of them reaching the front door and of the shower running in the next room, but he somehow missed the point when the water was turned off so Sherlock swanning into the living room, dripping wet with a blue towel wrapped low around his hips, took him by surprise. John opened his mouth, closed it again, and tried to remember what he was supposed to be doing.
My mind wanders again. I do not often have the luxury to reminisce, and it is rarer still that I find myself inclined to recall my military history.
He did, however, have to remind himself to breathe as Irene sat back, giving Molly space to straddle Sherlock’s hips and squirm enticingly.
He knew that if he looked at the water through the correct configuration of lenses, he would see little wriggling animalcules that would put him right off drinking it.
.” John dropped his bag back on the table. Practically threw it. No number he counted to could ever be high enough. Nope. Not for this. “If I didn’t know better,” he said, slowly, deliberately, and very much aware that he was rising to the bait like a terminally curious fish, “I’d say you were trying to seduce me.”
), the women went to their knees again to give Sherlock another long, messy blow job. It was, mercifully, the last thing on Sarah’s extensive pornographic checklist for this shoot. John could almost breathe easy now, only the room reeked of sex, heaven knew how Mrs. Hudson was going to explain that to her prospective lodgers this evening - come to that, heaven knew why she’d agreed to let them use the flat at all if she was expecting lodgers in the first place.
"We've done this with loads of our friends," said Irene, as if that was enough to explain the whole situation.
And it was utterly impossible for John’s brain to have room for anything else when Sherlock locked eyes with him through the camera again, half-naked with a naked-but-for-a-strip-of-cloth Molly draped over him, giving his fingers a passable approximation of a blow job while a barely-clothed Irene looked on.
“I didn’t think so.” The bird tilted his wise little head at him. “Someone’s gone out of their way to frame you, my friend. You must have made them very angry.”
The rest of the film went by in much the same way, with no significant interruptions apart from a couple of water breaks and Sarah asking for a few changes in angle. John felt himself settle into the glazed state one enters during a more difficult that usual this-too-shall-pass sort of work day, as scene after scene played out in front of his camera. Sherlock finishing with Molly and starting on Irene, on her back with her head in a blissed-out Molly’s lap. Molly leaning over to lick alternately at Irene’s clit and Sherlock’s cock moving in and out of her. An improbable daisy chain with Sherlock bent into a lewd approximation of a downward dog so that he could eat Irene out while Molly sucked his bollocks. The dildo making a sanctioned reappearance, this time aimed at Molly’s cunt as Sherlock fucked her arse - they went through a few takes until Molly started to protest and they stuck with the one where she was sprawled on Sherlock’s lap with Irene next to them on the sofa, exchanging kisses with them both as she worked the toy.
"...and he ends up snaking the pipes," finished John. Yes, he knew about that trope. "Okay. And we're shooting this, how?"
The same could be said for his acting. It would be no exaggeration to say that Sherlock could switch personalities with about as much effort as it took him to change clothes. John was no expert, but he was positive that there were actors out there - actual actors,
John tried not to look. He really did. Honestly. But somewhere along the way between making the decision not to look and acting upon it, Sherlock Holmes removed his shirt and something in John’s brain fizzled and died, and all he could do was watch.
) and find out where it lived, but it was taking all of his concentration to override his fox-mind and ensure his continued survival. The blackbird kept with him as he splashed through the stream, going first one way then doubling back, and, once they were tolerably certain of losing the dog, he flit in front of the fox to lead him to a welcoming hole in the ground.
John,” growled Sherlock through clenched teeth, and John felt the rumble of that going through his body, all that arousal and frustration mixed into a minor earthquake.
She laughed. "I'm just having you on, you silly. It's fine. Really. You're so cute when you're flustered." John was saved from having to reply by the flat door opening behind him. Sarah's attention immediately diverted to the new arrivals. "Hello, girls! Lovely as always!" And she launched herself on them in a flurry of brisk, friendly efficiency.
By this time, John was fucking his mouth in earnest, with his fingers tangled in Sherlock’s glorious curls, not so much to hold him in place as to make sure he was really there. He had imagined this so often that it was hard to believe it was actually happening, that Sherlock was sucking him off with reckless abandon, that Sherlock was standing now, towel forgotten on the floor, and that Sherlock was pulling him close and kissing him.
“Mmm, yes,” said Irene, twining an arm around Molly’s waist. “You want him to play, don’t you, sweetheart?”
“Yes,” said the blackbird, and he left it at that. He flew away, keeping low betwixt the branches and the fox did not see him again until the next day.
in any way you want to give it to me. But I don’t think oral sex is what floats your boat at the moment. Am I wrong?”
“Maybe,” he said instead, going carefully, fingers deliberately light around the mug of tea. “But I still have a special hatred for
If I can say nothing else, I will say this: There are those who would have it that I was seduced to this cause, for I had once sworn to serve Queen and country. They are wrong. I have long had my own ideas regarding the Ones who would call Themselves our masters. All my companion did was enable me to take action, when I would have otherwise spent the remainder of my life mired in futile horror and despair.
“Humbug,” supplied Sherlock, cheerfully. “Yes, I recognize the sentiment—hard to feel any other way after you do battle with the Christmas rush. Here, you need a hot drink.”
“Fine. I am fine. Completely fine,” said John, though he suspected the repetition wasn’t helping his case. “Fine.”
“Thanks.” The bird gestured upwards with his beak. “It’s a falcon up there today. She must want me back very badly. I don’t think she meant for this to be permanent - that’s why I still have myself, to an extent - but I’m not keen on getting caught and finding out what else she has in store for me.” He turned his bright eyes to the fox. “Do you remember anything else yet?”
"A threesome, M/F/F, oral, double penetration, sex toys, with a side of dirty talk and lots of cum over faces and tits. Girl-on-girl action too. That stuff sells well."
.” His voice dropped another octave and hit a note that sent a jolt of arousal running up and down John’s spine. “You two - you’ve got to let me fuck you. I need to fuck you.”
“It’s a start.” The bird moved to a perch a little higher up: he recognized the snappish look. “Makes it that much more unlikely that you were a farmhand who stumbled into a witch’s garden. And you’re aware of an
“Yes, you see it now, don’t you?” Sherlock found himself smiling despite the situation—or rather, because of it. His mind was racing, leaping as the facts danced for him and slid neatly into place. He’d missed this much more than intelligent conversation, felt its dearth more keenly than the prospective absence of tobacco. And John was following him with no small degree of acuity, if at a slightly plodding pace. It was an altogether heady combination, and he could feel sorry about Sir Jeffrey later—not that feeling sorry for him would do him any good now. “The most likely explanation is that he came here
This last venture allowed us to proceed at a more leisurely pace than usual, which is, perhaps, why I find myself able to think of more than the work that is in front of me. My companion was content to play the long game, treading the boards for over a year all over the Continent, and the results were better than I had dared hope at the outset.
John heard his fingers scrabbling against the wood of the table, felt him writhe beneath his hands, and, God help him, it was brilliant. He went on, alternating between light licks and deep thrusts, all the while squeezing Sherlock’s arse cheeks (
And he’d thought nothing could top the bit with the dildo. Dear God. Dear sweet God, and maybe Zeus, and Dido, and...and...oh, sodding soggy toast and
Sherlock sputtered and stammered, but never got around to actually protesting, while Irene stood in one liquid movement and closed the distance between them.
“That’s the idea,” said Irene. She slid onto the table behind Molly, kissed the back of her neck, then leaned over her shoulder to kiss Sherlock too, holding on to his upper arm for balance and rubbing her thumb in slow arcs over his well-formed bicep. (John filled his head with the fact that Mrs. Hudson had incredibly sturdy furniture, and did not think about those arms at all. Or how they might feel under his own hands.) “You’ll try to keep up, won’t you?”
Sherlock, apparently, was all for it, going by the way he groaned and moved his hips back to meet the tip of the thing. Sarah, however, was not.
“Sorry,” he said as the fox emerged, tail twitching with curiosity. He was resting on the ground just in front of the hole, quite thoroughly worn out. “I can’t go in there. It’s being a damned bird that does it. But they’ve gone to a different part of the woods now. You can probably rest easy, though I’d stay put if I were you.”
"I'll do it a bit messy, okay?" murmured Irene, obediently turning to face the sitting room mirror, hands already twining in her dark hair.
They were about to start, Irene and Molly sitting at the kitchen table, ready to tell their friend Bill all about how their kitchen sink had clogged up and that they'd called a plumber to fix it, when the door to the flat flew open with a bang.
He looked thoughtful for a while, as he began to strip off, for the last time, the guise of the actor Sherry Vernet.
“Well, I do go to check on my mules whenever I get the chance before Mary wakes up, it’s the least I can do for them, and I—I’ve seen you go back there sometimes, and if you were there, I would have liked to say good morning.”
All told, it was an awful lot of trouble to go to just to help a hypothetical someone get off, maybe, in the future, if this was their thing. John had this thought at least once a week. It never ceased to amaze him what some people would pay actual money for, but he couldn’t question it too much because he was getting paid for it.
John closed the distance between them and - God, he didn’t know where to start. He wanted to touch Sherlock everywhere, taste him everywhere, and there was so much of him to take in. His lips were at the back of Sherlock’s neck, his hands were smoothing up and down Sherlock’s arms, he was plastered against Sherlock’s back, and it wasn’t enough, of course it wasn’t enough, not when his achingly hard cock was pressing into Sherlock’s perfect left arse cheek.
, or all of today’s work would be for naught because they’d never be able to find another location with the same awful wallpaper, and Sarah would probably kill him because it was cheaper than giving him the sack. Right.
I laced my fingers through his. “And we need to stop in Brussels before we cross the Atlantic. Our information must be passed on to the Belgian detective.”
He was teasing me—Monsieur Poirot, with his impeccably waxed moustaches, would never countenance such an affront to masculine grooming, and my companion would never offend his sensibilities so—yet I was unable to hide my outrage. “Confound it, Holmes, I will shave you myself if you attempt to grow that monstrosity before it is needful!”
Of course his large hands were roaming all over Irene’s lithe body, and of course his mouth was smearing down her neck as she shook off her blouse. There was really no other way it could have been, given the genre they were working in (Sarah didn’t much go for soft core stuff) and the actor that Sherlock was (he was never less than fully dedicated to a role, no matter how improbable or ludicrous), but John wondered if he had to be quite so...so
Irene gave her an even look. "Oh, honestly, Molly. You'd think you'd never worked with the man before."
Not that the singular noun was much comfort when said attractive naked man was having an orgasm, however staged.
). Sarah, however, was playing to the average watcher of porn and not John Watson’s fantasies, and wanted to keep all three actors in frame.
In between the shift from kitchen to living room, there were a few minutes for a bit of rest and drinks of water, during which Molly pulled on her coat and Sherlock drifted off to one side without touching his costume. He just stood by the window, bottle of water in one hand and mobile in the other, apparently unconcerned that he was half-hard or that his coveralls might slip off his arse while he was texting.
Molly and Sherlock’s knees (privately John was of the opinion that there was no way anyone could have remained oblivious to that, but he was in the wrong business to be looking for logic), and Molly was biting her knuckles, with her other hand spread on the vinyl tablecloth for support (not very sexy decor, but easy to dispose of). Then at a signal from Sarah, Irene slid her hands up Molly’s thighs, her red nails vivid against the other woman’s skin as she pushed her skirt up.
There wasn’t much to say after that. The walk back to the keep wasn’t long enough for the silence to become uncomfortable, but John broke it before they were within earshot of the walls.
because he was, for all intents and purposes, presenting his arsehole to John – who realized what he was looking at, and found it that much harder to get all that bunched-up clothing past his shoes.
This was going to kill John. It really was. He was going to die of Having to Watch Two Women Give Sherlock Holmes a Blow Job From a Distance of Approximately None At All, probably a first in medical history, and then Sarah would bring him back so she could kill him again herself.
“I could hear you thinking. Stop it. The color of your pants is immaterial.” And Sherlock demonstrated exactly how irrelevant they were to the proceedings by tugging them unceremoniously downward to the level of John’s knees.
“I need to see Doctor Watson. He left his lunch at home.” Sherlock held up the brown paper bag, shook it slightly for effect, and raised his eyebrows at her as if to say
He nodded his head in thanks and headed out with a less stylish exit. This was preposterous. Why would John have given him the wrong address? His phone location data for the 24.8 days that they’d know each other certainly showed him being here all the time, so it didn’t make sense that -
An elderly woman appeared from the recesses of the dental practice, followed by the receptionist who nodded at him and said “Third room on the right.”.
“You were here earlier,” he mused, as if to himself. Then more blatantly, in Sherlock’s direction, “Was that right before the nudist beach excursion, then?”
“Tonight then,” Sherlock said, his deep baritone back and in full effect as he moved past the man and into the hallway. He watched as John’s eyes flared wider for a second, and smiled.
John froze, his frazzled thoughts immediately turning to arrest for public indecency, but Sherlock merely curled his lips around the lobe of John’s ear and asked, “Somewhere less public, hmm?”
“What do you think?” John asks, and he suddenly feels the need to reassure Sherlock as his own nerves get going. “Just tea, a blanket, more of this?” he suggests, and gestures between them. Nothing too fast, nothing too rushed… just the warmth of their home and their bodies next to each other and those lips against his once more, and minus the snow that’s shifted up under his jacket and into his socks.
“Are you okay?” came from above him, and John realized that Sherlock had no idea if he was smiling or frowning. He raised his head to meet those gorgeous eyes, and leaned up a bit further to kiss those reddened lips.
Sherlock seemed to get the message pretty quickly. “Oh. Um, I was here earlier today,” he explained. “There are starfish attached to the posts of the pier. I can’t see them now, unfortunately - it’s too dark and the tide is higher.”
“Are you -?” he managed to breathe out between thrusts, and he moaned as Sherlock’s hips rose to meet his.
“This morning’s newspaper had a story about a local homicide involving a perpetrator with a hidden tattoo. I dug around online and discovered that a man fitting the description frequents this beach, and today is a particularly nice day so….” Sherlock trailed off, suddenly looking a little less sure of himself as his eyes wondered over John’s well-defined body and down to his hat.
John’s mouth fell open for the second time in as many minutes, and he felt a warm flush spread across his body as he studied the man in front of him.
between them, and John was all too happy to move blindly as Sherlock slowly pushed him backwards and into the corner of the railing near them. He felt a supporting arm and hand wind up his back as Sherlock bent over him, and John leaned ever-so-slightly backwards as their bodies pressed together from toe to chest. His eyes popped open and widened at the feel of their groins brushing together, and at the evidence of the desire between them, and Sherlock chuckled low in his throat as he pressed kisses along John’s neck.
), and obediently moved closer when Sarah said that he should, so that the camera and the eventual audience could get a good eyeful of Irene and Molly exposing Sherlock’s cock.
“He’s not been dead long,” he said, looking up as Sherlock approached. His expression was grave, a jarring thing on a face Sherlock associated with easy smiles and good humor. “Asphyxiation, probably. Passed out, choked on his own vomit. Who was he?”
“I thought I made that clear.” Sherlock wrapped his fingers around John’s wrists so that he could draw his hands down his body to rest on his bottom. “But, if you need me to elaborate, I want you to fuck my arse until you come.” He pressed closer to John, his cock hard and hot against John’s stomach. “And I want you to make me come while I have that gorgeous cock of yours inside me.”
“Happy to help.” The blackbird rearranged a few feathers in his wing in the manner of someone who found it awkward to be thanked. “There’s more though. I eavesdropped. Turns out you can do that pretty shamelessly if you sit on a tree branch and try to blend into the scenery. One of them said you raided a hen house, that you killed all the chickens and smashed the eggs in the bargain.”
John blinked, trying to wrap his head around that sentence as best he could with an unbearably attractive man holding his cock. After said attractive man had been sucking said cock. This was his life now.
Irene took Molly by the hand, and John followed them to the kitchen where, as per instructions, after giving her a quick kiss and pressing a finger to her lips for silence, Irene shoved Molly onto the table, pushed up her skirt and proceeded to eat her out.
He licked down Sherlock’s cleft, drew his tongue over that tempting hole, doing it again when he felt Sherlock’s legs quiver, and again when he cried out. And after Sherlock canted his hips, obviously chasing the sensation when John had to pause to suck in a breath of air, he pushed his tongue
“Maybe,” agreed the fox dully. It sounded nearly right, but still missed the mark, and he felt that he should be better at this sort of thing. “Do you know who you were?”
Sarah gave her a thumbs up. As cheesy porn dialogue went, you couldn’t get much cheesier than that unless you broke out that foamy cheese stuff in a spray can and started spewing it over the set and the people in it (best not to mention that to Sarah, she might get ideas). It should have been laughable. It should never have worked in real life. But Molly was one of those actresses who, quiet and mousy as they might be in normal life, were utterly convincing once they stepped into a role, and her earnest enthusiasm was catching. And, God help him, John couldn’t say he didn’t share the sentiment.
“I hope you don’t mind me hanging around,” he said one morning. “But talking to you reminds me that the feathers and wings isn’t who I am really, and I think that’s important.”
coming all over Sherlock’s hand. “You’re doing a lot of talking for a man who wants to get laid in someone else’s flat.”
His feelings must have shown plainly on his face, since the milling holiday crowds gave him a wide berth on the Tube. He could feel more than one pair of eyes slide uncomfortably sideways to avoid his expression. A mother snatched her child out of his way when he swore heartily at a patch of ice that almost made him lose his footing. The suspiciously cheery man who was about to apologize for bumping shoulders with him took one look at John’s face and fled. And he heard a distinct tremble creep into a nauseatingly sweet melody as he tramped past a gaggle of carol singers on the street corner.
“More awkward than they are already?” Sherlock pushed himself out of the chair and began to stalk towards John, holding up the obviously loosened towel with one fist. “Did you know there’s an office betting pool? They’re taking odds on when you’ll finally crack and give me a good groping on set. Or ask me out for a drink.” Sherlock looked thoughtful. “I’ll have to tell Mike he won that one just now, on a technicality. I believe he has twenty quid riding on that.”
“Yes,” he said, zipping his bag shut with an audible protest of zipper teeth. “You’re right. I myself,” he continued, gritting his teeth, “prefer a nice fat cock up my arse over a bit of plastic, vibrating or not, but we can’t always get what we want. And about the bathroom, Sarah said —”
“Your cock, John.” Sherlock’s voice was almost a sob as he lifted himself up on his elbows to look at John. “I want your cock.
buckled, and there was no real harm in pretending it had been because Sarah had brushed past him on her way to snatch the dildo out of Irene’s hands. Although from the way Sherlock’s eyes rested on him as she apologized and asked to review the footage, John just knew the bastard could tell he was shamming. When he turned to look at him directly, however, Sherlock, still on his knees (Molly has since slumped into a more comfortable position) was staring into the middle distance and rubbing his left arse cheek. It jiggled. John gulped.
Or at least that was what it would look like in the film. They did three takes of that scene, until Sarah was satisfied with the one where Irene grabbed Sherlock by the sides of his head to launch what looked very much like an oral attack, and let them carry on from there.
"Hi, Irene, Molly," said John, smiling at the two of them over Sarah's shoulder. He'd worked with them before, and they often worked together, either as lesbian lovers or as two parts of gloriously dirty threesomes (or more-somes). The last film they'd done was an office fantasy where the strict boss - Irene - seduced her shy new secretary - Molly - and took her hard on her desk in her glass-walled office.
acquiring a meaningful police record, he counted to ten, then to a higher number, then to a number a little higher than that, and said, “Do you ever listen to yourself talk? Because I’m hearing ‘punch me in the face’ in the subtext.”
And, oh, did they carry on. There was a lot of tongue and quite a bit of teeth, as well as a fair amount of moaning, some of which was coming from Molly on the table. John shot a few seconds of her watching them with an expression of avid lust on her face and her fingers on her clit, before going back to the show Irene and Sherlock were putting on. Their hands worked furiously, with Sherlock slipping his large hands under Irene's blouse (you could see his fingers digging into her skin beneath the thin cloth, clear as day) and Irene unzipping his coveralls to reveal bare, sweaty skin. From the way they were grabbing and pawing at each other, it seemed like they couldn't get enough of each other's skin...until you noticed that their bodies were angled for the camera's benefit with a good few inches between them. Still, it was pretty hot.
“Why not?” Sherlock sounded affronted, and John couldn’t blame him, not looking like he did and offering what he was. “I doubt you want to splurge on a hotel room, and I know for a fact that you live in a horrible bedsit on the other side of town. And unless I’ve terribly misjudged your tastes, a quick hard fuck in an alley wouldn’t be your first choice. Though you wouldn’t necessarily object if the situation arose. Interesting.” He looked thoughtful. “Very interesting. But since I don’t fancy bending over Mrs. Hudson’s bins at the moment,
“It looks fine, Sarah,” she said, arranging things in her commodious handbag. It looked like she had a place for everything in there, even a neat plastic bag for her damp towel. “You should have seen my flat when I had my first look at it.”
“Yes, well, this gives us an excuse to make an episode about moving in. John, are you staying behind?”
“Normal,” Sherlock scoffed. “Where would the fun be in that?” John, still reeling, hadn’t noticed him stand up. “But now that we’re on the same page — how shall we start?”
the closest thing to grab, the coffee table being too low and the sofa being too far away, but that was exactly the kind of rational thought which
This was a complicated and meandering thing to say aloud, with words. John settled for licking his lips and nodding once.
So saying, she shrugged off her coat. Irene often came to the set dressed for her roles, once famously going commando under an ankle-length coat. Today was no exception. Under her coat, she was wearing short denim shorts and a white top so sheer that her nipples showed through the material. For good measure, she undid the top two buttons of her blouse, and looked at Sarah for approval.
their way into John’s pants before. There was still one niggling little detail he couldn’t help but but notice. “And you’re not suggesting your place because...?”
John, of course, had to shoot this from as close as possible without actually resting the camera on Sherlock’s taut stomach. That was normal - terrible, given the state John was in, but perfectly normal given his job description. What was
It was a miracle it didn’t cost John the money shot (though he liked to think that any divine intervention had been aided by his professionalism, judgment, and forty-odd years of experience at Keeping His Shit Together). He did, however, look away from the camera for a split second, catching a brief, heady eyeful of dark, close-cropped pubic hair, nicely defined abdominals tensed with exertion, and - John was fully aware this was a lot for a brief look - those extraordinary eyes fixed on him.
"If you say so." Sherlock sounded doubtful for all of two seconds, but Irene seized his wrist and steered him towards Molly before he could give the matter much more thought.
“I don’t mind,” said the fox. Truth to tell, he did mind a little today, but that was mostly because he was hungry and the blackbird was fluttering and bobbing right in front of his nose. Form defines function, but denying the foxy instincts felt familiar. He was almost certain he’d had practice controlling his...his transport.
Sherlock had to concede he had a point, especially in the light of his own habits, but it still didn’t fit. “Then how did he light his way? The sun’s just come up and it was a new moon last night. There’s no lamp, no candle, no burnt matches, and I doubt he has a tinder-box. He had no magic to speak of, so mage-light is out of the question. One might argue that he knew his way”—as Sherlock did himself—“but, as you pointed out, he
“A shame, but Mrs. Hudson has an emergency chicken in her freezer.” Sherlock tightened his arm about John’s shoulders in a half-hug, then began to help him out of his damp jacket. “I could have told you that too.”
The said man rose to his feet as John was halfway through writing the sentence a tenth time. John had hoped seeing it written out so clearly would have slapped reality into him hard enough that there would be no more lingering over the subject. Instead alarm filled him to the brim as he pressed several keys in order to minimize the window as quickly as possible. Sherlock made a beeline straight to the kitchen as John felt sweat starting to collect at his hairline. He positioned the computer away and did his best to stare blankly ahead like he was reading an article on the web, checking emails, or anything other than what he’d actually been doing. John would be aged years by the time he got past this crisis of his. It was several seconds before the blogger felt he could breathe evenly again. He relaxed and began to move the cursor so that he could bring the window back to front and quickly delete all of the letters.
“Oh, excellent! Welcome to White Mountain Academy Captain Watson,” the older woman greeted “I am headmistress Hudson, I go by she/her pronouns. I do apologize for the trouble I’ve caused by calling you here, there are just some final details we need for safety reasons before you start your learning journey with us”.
He was exhausted, and even if he was on the brink of breaking he would do anything for a fix, anything to hear those words of praise, to be told he was good.
Molly took Sally’s hand as the two men looked in their direction, eyes still blazing. Mycroft was the first to introduce themselves.
Oh, that would explain it. Thalia had always been accepting people to shadow them as they worked, John could never really keep track.
She had asked him where his hard line was, something he absolutely would not do if someone asked him to. A feeling told him that the fact his first thought was “nothing”, was a bad sign.
There was an opening between two buildings, through which you could see the building where headmistress Hudson’s office was located.
John realised he had a need for approval, but hadn’t realised just how deeply it ran before he saw a movie. A man that loathed himself and was hated by those around him. No one liked a people pleaser, but everyone liked to use them.
