“It wasn’t a sex dungeon, it was more of a sex lounge. And besides, I had a better shot at that than you think. Not many people know how kinky he can be,” Tony says in a purr.
While Tony sits through the proposal Mari works in her coloring book, and sneaks a few apple chips from the bag. An hour passes when the lights flicker and she hears Pepper’s computer reboot.
“Oh yeah! Presents! Can we Steve? Can we? Or is it may? May we?” Mari asks, bouncing up and down.
“You always over pay.”
“What’s the hashtag gonna be?” asks Rhodey. “Finally not the shortest?”
“Excuse me?” he asks.
“Tony, I am leaving you with our five year old daughter not a vampire ninja. You will be fine for a couple days.”
Sam and Bucky pull away but give each other side eye.
“Oh well, if you want to speed up the process I can help you with that.” Tony says as he pushes Bruce off the seat with his hip until Tony is the one in front of the screen.
He sighs and looks at his watch. He looks to Mari who is trying to secure her toy to one of the ornaments swinging parts. “Hey Kiddo, how about an early snack time?”
Steve comes back over and they bump fists before dropping back on the couch. Then Steve says, “Why do I get the feeling you know more about my husband than I do?”
Mari hops down from her chair and goes to the kitchen.
A small whooshing sound is heard and their heads swivel to look at the now alight pan. Then the fire alarm accompanies it. Mari starts shrieking for them to put it out, Tony dives for a fire extinguisher, and Steve grabs a lid in an attempt to suffocate the flames. The fanning motions only makes the flames grow and the pot next to it begins to boil over. Tony fumbles with trying to get the nozzle detached and aims the extinguisher at the fire. Steve moves out of the way and takes the boiling pot off the heat.  When Tony squeezes the handle the extinguisher lets out a cough and a puff.
“When are they coming over again?” Tony asks as he turns off the tablet and slides it away. He props his head up on his arm and looks over at his husband with a pout.
“Yeah!” Mari picks up Bucky bear and runs to the table. “Apples!”
Tony smiled. “I’d love that.”
He sits down next to her and drums his fingers against the table top. An awkward silence hangs in the air as the billionaire glances around. His eyes land on the activity book that had been in the file the social worker gave them. Her psychiatrist insisted that she fill it out before her next visit. He had yet to meet the good doctor but her first appointment since the adoption was tomorrow. Yet another thing he felt inept at dealing with. Tony frowns when he actually looks at the page Mari is working on. Along the top was a prompt that reads, “Draw what scares you”. Underneath was a large box where Mari had drawn her open closet. In the doorway was a large black monster with huge white eyes, long claws tipped in red, and a toothy grin that stretches across its face.
“Like you could take me.”
Steve stands in front of him with an expression he hasn’t seen since Bucky accidently said fuck in front of Mrs. Waterman and her three kids.
Tony looks over his shoulder and sees Mae set a tray with a pitcher of lemonade and glasses onto the coffee table. She sits on the couch next to a glaring Ben and picks up the pitcher.
“So apple juice or smoothie?” he asks, pulling out the two bottles.
Thor reaches out and steadies him. “My brother, let me take you to see a healer.”
She turns away from him but he grabs her arm. “No it’s not Natalia or no we’re not married?”
The nervous man snaps his mouth shut and looks dead ahead of him. The door opens and Natasha pushes him forward. He stumbles but leads the way. When a guard comes walking down from the opposite end of the corridor Natasha lays a soft touch to his lower back.
Tony goes back to washing the suds off his body with a smirk. “Pretty sound reasoning if you ask me.”
“Uh-oh.” Tony says as he walks up the steps that lead to his lab, looking down at a tablet. “You only call me your husband in one of two scenarios and that’s not your fun time voice.”
“Not to me,” Clint whines.
Fury walks into the penthouse and Steve notices a think folder under his arm.
“Got ya to move didn’t it?” He places a plate down in front of her before moving to the next setting.
“Mjolnir? It is by the door.”
“Wow. No wonder your husband is mad at you.”
She chuckles and wipes at her cheeks. “Most people just go out for coffee these days.”
Steve pauses in his eating to go to the fridge. He grabs a large pickle jar off the top and sets it on the counter in front of the slack jawed archer. He turns it so the paper label taped to the front reading “Cuss Jar” is forward. Steve goes back to his plate and says, “It only applies to this floor and any room that one-“ He points at Mari with his fork. “-is on.”
She turns towards him. “But I wanna-“
Mari sobs a heartbeat later and shakes her head. “No I don’t wanna!”
“Not as good as you think Tony. You guys think that it’s like turning on a switch. I just go in and out of it but it’s a constant fight for me and you want to put that near a kid? Your kid?”
“Aye, aye Captain.” Tony raises up on his toes and captures his lips.
Tony immediately turns her to face him. “What man?”
“You win this round Widow.” Clint glares at her and shoves a bite of cake into his mouth. “But you haven’t won the war.” He turns and stomps back to the couch.
Steve watches as Tony abandons the buttons, leaving the bottom half open. Instead he sighs and swipes his hand over his face and into his hair.
“Miss Pepper called him down.”
Not long after, Happy pulls up to the park and Tony spies Steve sitting on a bench sketching. Before stepping out Tony pulls out a couple twenties and slides them onto dash.
“As you wish Doll,” Steve speaks against Tony’s stomach making the muscles quiver. He moves down and mouths at the outline of Tony’s half erect cock. As Tony groans Steve reaches up to massage his husband’s balls causing him to arch up into the warm wet mouth.
Tony goes still and averts his eyes. He focuses on a loose thread in the pillow case. “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves yet…”
“Hello sir,” says the AI.
“Why don't I take Mr. Potty-mouth out to the jet to cool off?” Rhodey steps forward and takes Nefaria by the arm in a bruising grip. “You make sure Hipster Harry here takes care of our guy.”
“Okay!” She runs out the door.
Tony leans forward. “That’s right. My kid’s super smart.” Him and Steve fist bump.
“Jarvis is down?” Now that definitely was not right. Jarvis ran most of Tony’s life. There was no way Tony would not shut him down without a good reason. Without another word he went to his ruck sack and pulled out his satellite phone. It was a Stark phone and encrypted against even SHIELD.
“Hey, not all of us can marry our sugar daddies,” says Sam.
“Then who the hell are you?”
“But Papa said we’d read it tonight.”
Mari arches an eyebrow at him and sits a little higher. “How many brothers do you have?”
“He’s just doing his job. Now,” Steve turns to Mari and Ms. Flander. “If you’ll follow me this way ladies.”
“That sounds like a lot of work for a childish prank.” Steve says when the music dies. “That’s all that’s wrong?”
Mari gasps and pulls at Tony’s pant leg. “Can I turn on the big A Tony? Please, please, pleeeeeease!”
“Love is infinite not finite?”
Tony gives him a sideways glance. “Let me guess, SHIELD summer camp?”
“Nah. He’s keeping this pretty close to the vest. My job is just to get these files open and look for a way into Stark’s medical circle.”
“What? I don’t think-” Bucky stammers.
“You won’t. Not for right now anyways.”
“Okay.” She toddles out towards the deck with Jarvis opening the door for her.
Tony can’t help the small smile that appears on his, even if it does not reach his eyes as he watches his husband.
He takes her into the kitchen and sets her on the counter as he gets a shake put together. When he reaches for the blender the kettle bings.
They close their eyes and just sit in silence for a while.
“Oh yeah. He’s the reason we had a swear jar.”
Mari turns and looks to the other end of the hall. Steve is leaning around the corner looking at her with a small frown and worried eyes.
“No! You said you weren’t mad at me!” Her shoulders start to shake and she makes grabbing motions at him.
Peggy shifts to face her. “I am going to tell you what I told my niece Sharon when she went to join SHIELD. People would much rather see you in the places they think you should be but you need to fight and show them that you’re brave enough to be there.”
“I’ll order delivery,” Tony says and grabs the phone on his way out of the kitchen.
“Speaking of toys, THESE,” Tony motions with wide arms to the stuffed animals on the bed. “All yours. And over here is your closet.”
“It tastes funny.”
Clint shrugs. “I can’t say if she’ll talk or not but...she does want to. Even if she won’t say it out loud.”
"Whenever Chameleon goes to meet with his boss he's never gone more than a few hours. I’ve tried following him but he’s a tricky son of a dog. I can’t stay on him long enough to get anything substantial."
Tony’s head jerks up when he sees a fast moving figure out of the corner of his eye. His body tenses for a fight before he gets a better look at it. He watches as a young girl with fluffy brown hair race down the hall. She stumbles to a halt when she passes the potted plant sitting next to the bench Tony is standing in front of. She back pedals and jerks the fake plant and dirt out of its large pot. She climbs into the pot and replaces the plastic shrubbery back over the top. Tony arches an eye brow when he hears a winding noise from the inhabited pot. The plant pops back up and a small arm escapes out to place a windup toy on the ground. When she lets go the toy goes racing down the hall and bounces off the walls. He watches as the toy disappears around the corner.
Mari smiles and Tony sets her down so they can put the stuffing back in the bear.
“Falcon Crunch?” He asks.
“You wanted me not to talk.” When the man reaches for his gun again she continues. “Papa is with the Avengers and Daddy is downstairs with Miss Pepper…he’ll be here soon…”
“We’re on call for the day. I was going to help Nat with looking for Chameleon but I can stay here if there’s something you’d rather do...” Steve sets the mug aside and leans against the counter.
“There has been a shot fired into the south side window,” says Jarvis over the speakers. “I enacted security measures and calculated the trajectory of the projectile.”
When Tony tucked Mari into bed that night she had not wanted to read it, insisting they wait for Steve.
“And yet she’s in an operating room right now.”
“Oh no. She’s already using that excuse?” A look of horror settles on Steve’s face as Tony starts laughing.
“See you in ten,” says Natasha before she goes down the stairs again.
“Must you guys bet on everything!?!”
“You were little?” she scoffs.
“No I don’t. Because after tonight, Stark will be no more.” He types a few more commands as the doors start to squeal.
The minute the bear makes contact though his head explodes into a cloud of stuffing and glass rains down. She shrieks and falls on her back in surprise as metal shutters slam down on all the windows and exits in the penthouse. Steve pulls Tony to the ground with the other Avengers joining them as the alarm blares and the safety shutters crash down around them.
“Great Pip. I’m sure that’s just what she wants to hear about her new family.”
“You did. Now sleep. Before I do something drastic.”
“Stop helping Pip,” says Steve. “Look Kiddo, why don’t you meet Norman and Harri a few times and form your own opinion. Your case agent said you like science. Well what do scientists do? They gather evidence-“
“I want Daddy to do it. It doesn’t like his light.”
Steve frowns and gives his husband a tired glare. “You are never going let that go are you?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve gets up and takes a step to follow her but pauses when Tony only stands and stays rooted to the spot by his seat.
Bruce leads him out the door but before it closes Tony turns back to look over at Steve and Mari. Steve gives him a thumbs up and nods. With that, he lets the door close. Steve turns back to Mari and rubs her back.
“And who’s to say that he suddenly won’t be himself again but you won’t notice because you’re too busy trying to save him.”
Bucky chuckles and stops recording. He immediately sends it to Steve and Tony as a check in. Just as he hits send, he hears crying. His eyes shoot up to the sound to see a little boy sitting on the ground with three older boys standing over him.
“I understand pip.” He hugs Tony to his chest. “Could you have maybe come to that conclusion three hours ago though?”
“We both know I was talking about your wife.”
“Bye-bye Papa.”
“We gather information on anyone looking into the super solider serum.”
They both glance at Tony and when he nods at another fact Mari explains they nod in sync with him.
Steve turns to Bucky. “You’ve got to talk to her. Face this head on.”
Steve goes to the pantry. “You eat apples all the time. Don’t you want something different?”
“Oopsie.”
“Okay.” Steve kisses her forehead. “You want me to scare it off?”
“Hey!” Tony says as he gets off the weight machine and comes over to them. He reaches out to take Mari. “Did you enjoy your time at the-what happened!?!”
“Aren’t you?” Tony glares at him. “That would be the right thing to do and you’re all about ‘doing the right thing’.”
Tony looks between the two images and grimaces. “That son of a-“ He glances at the top of Mari’s head. “…butternut.”
Bucky flips him off and turns to face Nat.
“Not now Jarvis,” Tony snaps as he bunches up Steve’s shirt to run his hands over the sensitive sides.
The Count grabs the tech by the collar and pulls him to his feet. “And if she tells her parents what she saw?”
“Ba-zzzz-y. Zzzzzaking-zzzz-up. ZZZer.”
“It was just a love tap. And she’s not even paying attention,” he says as he motions over to the preschooler with her nose in the other cook book.
“Please,” says Mari.
“So it really did happen. I wasn’t just confusing things. And your name is actually Natalia isn’t it?” Bucky starts to lean forward. Finally, he can start putting some of the pieces together.
“We do?”
“Wha?”
“Thank you Mr. Stark.” She walks through and then follows Tony towards the elevator. As she passes the couch she says, “Goodbye honey.”
“Who’s this?” Mari expands the profile on Count Nefaria.
Steve’s mouth opened and closed as he tried to come up with a response. “But you’re-I didn’t mean-you’re just so-...oh no.”
“You and Steve can keep your hot smolder to yourselves. I’m just waiting for the freak out. They’re usually very entertaining.”
“I can’t! I can’t do it!” she screams.
Mari tilts her head.
Again, don't forget to go to
“So how long is this gonna take?” Tony takes the folder from Pepper and looks through the files.
Steve picks her up and puts her on his lap. He then rubs her shoulder making small shushing sounds. “It’s okay. Let me take a look.”
A bloody smile stretches across her face as she holds out the toy. “I got the toy back!”
“What?” Tony asks between heavy breaths.
“Steve? Steve is that you?” a voice calls from the sitting room.
The social worker sighs. “I’m not here to make your life miserable hon. I’m just trying to make sure you’re happy and healthy.”
“And to the paranoid eye that needs to get some rest?”
“Ok.” He finishes tying her sneakers then lifts her off the bed and onto the floor. “Go tell your Pops to change clothes so we can head out. And if he’s washing dishes still, explain to him what a dishwasher is used for.”
Tony locks up when the words filter through his panic. Last he checked, Chitauri did not speak. At least not in a language he understood. He pries open his eyes and looks around him. The space scape is gone and the alien has vanished, leaving his husband in its place holding his forearms. Steve is watching him with a concerned look. He looks around the room again and tries to pull air through his lungs. The air feels stagnate and his heart feels like it’s slamming against his rib cage.
A moment later it goes flying backwards. The two turn to see Captain America catch it with a glare on his face. The tech steps away from Count Nefaria when War Machine and the Winter Soldier file in behind him.
He stands and glares at the closet door. After all this time with them, all their reassurances, and love and she was still terrified of the damn closet. She still was not sleeping through the night either. Tony’s head rushed with ideas. Maybe he could bring Dum-e up from Malibu and set him up in here. That way she would not actually have to step into the walk in closet and the robot arm could deliver the articles to her. The thought was scrapped almost as soon as it had formed. She was terrified of something living in her closet. Best not to prove her right and actually put something in there. Especially Dum-e. The stupid arm would probably scare the crap out of her whenever it fumbled around. Or she would feel sorry for it and liberate it from its duties. Perhaps he could turn the closet into a rotating carousel? It would hold the same amount of clothes and would turn the terrifying black hole into a cool feature she would no doubt love. But that would be wasted space behind it. Tony stepped back to get a better view of the back wall and deposits the shield on the foot of her bed. There was enough space to add storage units off to the side. Adding built in cubbies and wardrobes would help to store her things and with a little demo, he bet he could have the closet turned into a bathroom.
“HA HA! It is I! The coolest most amazing hero in the-HEY!” Clint shouts as Tony drags him back by his quiver.
Great. Bucky hates bullies. He glances around but doesn’t see any of the parents jumping in. It looks like he’ll have to step in. He glances over to Mari to check on her before he gets up. That’s when he sees it. She had obviously heard the boy as well because she was no longer spinning on the merry-go-round. She had been watching the scene as well and her face was screwed up into a frown. And Bucky had seen that face before. Usually right before Steve decided to do something stupid.
Steve shakes his head and pulls Tony closer to his side. They sit in silence watching the children play for a few minutes. Then Steve glances at Tony out of the corner of his eye.
She nods and wraps her arms tighter around his neck. He runs his hand up and down her back as his breath comes back to him and his heart returns into a normal pace. After the thrumming in his head dies down and he can hear more than his own heartbeat, he groans while he climbs back to his feet.
Bucky holds out a hand. “Social worker. You might want to go in later.”
“Not just any teddy bear.” Peggy motions her closer. She bops the bear on the nose. “This here is an Original Bucky Bear. I used to have a Captain America one but I’m afraid the moths got to it a few years ago. I got them for my little ones. They used to go to sleep with them to chase nightmares away.”
“Stop making this about me and my insecurities!”
Steve shoots Tony one of his own disapproving looks. Did he really think Buck was a danger to any of them anymore? Especially Mari? He kisses both of Mari’s cheeks and hands her back to his husband. “I have to go now but I promise I’ll try and be back to read you a bed time story.” He steps away and his heart breaks when she spins and reaches out for him with tear filled eyes.
“Not by much apparently.”
“Have a lot of experience with those in medical school doc?” Tony asks.
“Not if we don’t let it. Have Romanoff or Barton or Wilson or fucking Pym look. He’s a fucking Avenger now, for some reason, I’m sure he has little ant buddies all over the city that could dig up some dirt. Isn’t the whole point about this team thing ‘sharing the burden’?”
“Two. Balder and Loki.”
He chuckles. “Thanks.” He looks at the holograms displayed in front of Tony. “I take it we’ve figured out who our intruder is.”
“And you didn’t think to tell me?”
Steve takes the bottle and shakes out her dosage. “Well it’s supposed to make you feel better sooooo,” he slides over the medication and a glass of water. “Have at it Kiddo.”
Mari gasps. “You really are Thor!” She hunkers into couch mumbling, “ohmygoshohmygoshohmygosh.” She gets off the couch and runs to stand in front of him. “Skilurðu mig núna?” (Do you understand me right now?)
Steve smiles as a blush washes across his cheeks. He leans down to brush their noses together. “I spent most of it on my bike so in fact, I think I have enough energy to pound you in and then have you return to the favour.~” Tony groans and bites at Steve’s bottom lip. “As much as I love seeing that ass split open I think I only have enough energy in me for one pounding. I actually did work today unlike some people.”
Steve chuckles and says, “We really just want to make sure you’re ok. I mean, we wouldn’t want you to be sick for the party.”
“Black Widooooow!” Mari returns the finger guns.
“Condition!?!” Bucky winces as the woman’s voice goes higher in pitch. “She has a condition!?! What condition!?! Did you bring a sick child to the park to infect everyone else!?!”
“Uh-oh,” murmurs Mari.
Guess who found out she had a week off from school and has furiously been working on fun stuff. Woooo!
Steve’s brow crinkles and he looks up at Tony who gulps and gives him an uneasy smile.
“I’m glad that day never came.”
“That’s what you pay me for,” Happy said as he waved the wand over Ms. Flander’s raised arms and her other limbs. When it beeps over her wrist she jerks her sleeve up to reveal her watch. Happy moves onto a pat down. As he steps away and Mari hops closer, holding her arms out.
“Tony get off.”
“I know you.”
“I know. Me too.”
“They’re still germ ridden creatures.”
“Stark can pay for the plastering.” He releases the arrow and it goes flying up and lodges into the wall far, far above them. He turns to Nat and holds his arm out. “Need a ride?”
“…do you know what this is?” Steve picks up his shield from the end of the bed and holds it up for her to see.
“I’m young to be worrying about kidney failure.”
Steve continues to stare down at the alley. Then he looks closer at the neighborhood around them. Suddenly he’s flashed back to a second life. A life where two boys caught wind of a speakeasy with the best moonshine in town and decided to have a night on the town. They had come on the same night as the cops and spent a lot of it running. Well Bucky did. Steve didn’t make it very far before he was thrown over Bucky’s shoulder. Without another word he urged his bike up and away.
“NO DON’T!” Mari yells as she throws herself against the door.
“Bucky!” Steve calls.
Bucky nods and heads after Sam. As they near the door he whispers to Sam, “Why is a social worker visiting?”
Tony stops trying to untangle the brush to give her a confused look. “Have you seen Princess Diaries?”
“You’re late.” Steve snaps.
“Excuse me!”
“Come on. Out from under there you little bed bug,” he says as he slides her out and lifts her up to sit on the bed. He remains kneeling in front of her and she rubs the sleep from her eyes. “Why were you under the bed? Did you have a nightmare?”
Tony snickers. “Go to sleep old timer.”
When she got close she leaps off the bike and into an unprepared goon. Before he has hit the ground she snaps his neck between her thighs. Her bike skids into half of the others and she opens fire. A goon comes up behind her, swinging a baton. She moves out of its path and hits him with the butt of her weapon. As he stumbles back she puts another goon in a head lock and uses her leverage to force him to shoot the stumbling idiot. She snaps his neck when she is done and chucks the empty rifle at a goon that has his gun aimed at her. He squeezes the trigger as he falls back. The bullet grazes her shoulder but she doesn’t slow down. There are two more and they try to keep their distance but she rushes forward at the closest one. He lashes out with his baton but she dodges each swing and hits him with two widow bites to the solar plexus. As he falls to the ground she swipes his baton and throws it at the last man’s head. He dodges out the way with a roll, picking up a gun along the way. She sees what he is doing half way through the motion and reaches for her own gun. She gets it halfway up when her opponent aims his gun and the pop of a gunshot goes off. She expects to feel the searing pain of a bullet but nothing comes. The last of her pursuers fall. She looks around at the surrounding rooftops and catches a glint of metal before it disappears. She glances back at the body with a frown.
Tony is the first to pull away and takes a deep breath. “I like it when you distract me from work.”
“Tony? You’ve been out here a while.”
He gulps. “Fourth floor.”
“Ah.” He leans around the bear to give her an apologetic smile. “Sorry about that.”
“No, I get it man. I’ll get out of your hair. Good luck guys. Hey,” Clint shoots finger guns at Mari. “Stay cool pipsqueak.”
The man glances behind him and shuts the door. “I thought Stark was never here,” he says not looking down.
“We’d never let anything hurt you.”
“I’ll buy you twenty more.” Tony yawns as he runs his hand along Steve’s jaw.
He turns her around, much more gently this time. He ruffles her hair as well. “Good. Now bed.” He waits for her to get at least halfway to the hall before returning to the table. “Do we have a location?”
Steve sighs and goes over to the table. He lifts up the table cloth and finds Mari stuffing the tail end of something into her mouth. “Is that chocolate on the corner of your mouth?”
“Mr. Stark?”
Mari goes into the room and changes. When she emerges and goes to show Steve and Tony the frown is still etched on her face.
“You keep saying that like it’s supposed to make me trust him!” Steve opens his mouth only for Tony to talk over him. “I get it. I really do. They tortured him. Twisted him into something else. I get it. Probably more than you. That’s why I don’t blame him for what he did but that doesn’t mean I still don’t fear him doing it. To you he’s your best friend. To me he’s the man who killed my parents and nearly killed my at-the-time boyfriend. I…I’m…” Tony’s mouth opens and closes as he tries to get out the words he wants to say but they get strangled in his throat. He takes a deep breath and collapses onto the end of the bed. He rubs at his reactor, looking away from his husband. His breathing picks up into harsh stutters.
Steve throws his shield and takes out two HYDRA agents. He catches the shield on the rebound. Before the other agents have a chance to change their fire he punches one in the jaw and hits the other in the face with the front of his shield. He sees the jet Hawkeye, Wasp, and a handful of SHIELD agents are trying to defend and runs towards it. “Any agents caught in the blast?”
Tony jerks awake with a gasp. He grips at Steve’s arm as his husband whispers assurances in his ear. When his quick breaths even out, Steve loosens his arm.
Bucky groans. “Oh. It doesn’t matter what century I’m in, I’ll always know that heavenly aroma.” Bucky turns to locate the hot dog stand.
Mari smiles wide and looks down at her shoes.
“What exactly is she doing?”
“Option two sounds good.” Bucky takes a wrapped up sausage and pops it in his mouth.
“Good. That’s good.” Steve gives Janet and Sam a thumbs up.
“So is Calculus and I can do most of that in my head. Give me an equation to derive.” She opens the folder and finds pictures of a bald man with paper white skin and ice blue eyes along with some sort of bio.
“But I can’t remember what happened. I can barely remember that it happened at all. Just a handful of memories. And she obviously doesn’t want it back,” says Bucky.
“Closet?”
“Steve. Steve. STEEEEVE.”
When she turns back down the hall Steve stands and turns to see Tony giving him a sly smile. “What?”
Nat turns back to Steve and rolls her eyes at his dumbfounded expression. “Get used to it Cap. There’s already a pool for when she’ll lose her first tooth.”
“MY PIGS-IN-BLANKETS!” Clint cries, trying and failing to grab the platter as Steve drags him away.
“Marriages don’t get outdated Buck.”
A second later Steve walks through the doors again with his eyes cast down at the floor. He rubs at the back of his neck and glances up at them. Bruce meets his eye and looks at Tony with a pointed look. Steve looks at his husband’s tense shoulders and the bruises and scrapes littering his torso and arms. He walks over taking off his cowl. Bruce takes the shirt Tony had tossed aside and lays it next to him. When Steve is closer they nod at each other and Bruce leaves with a reassuring squeeze to Tony’s shoulder. Tony looks up to watch Bruce leave but his eyes catch on his husband. He glances away and to his hands.
Steve leans around the corner and looks into the room. He feels his heart squeeze as he lays his eyes on the woman sitting in a wingback chair. “Hey Peggy.” He steps into the room. “How are you feeling?”
“That is true, but I heard from Natasha that you did much more than that.” Thor says, leaning in with a knowing smirk.
“Oh god no!” Tony shoves Steve off and shoots in the direction of the sound. He finds Mari curled up on the floor in front of the elevator surrounded by glass and stuffing, with her hands tight over her ears. Without a second thought he bolts over. He doesn’t even register the glass cutting into his knees when he kneels down to grab at Mari’s body. “Mari!?! Mari baby answer me! Are you okay?”
The former playboy is silent for quite a while before he says, “Do we really want a boy?”
“Please.”
Tony chuckles. “Lucky man.”
They tangle their limbs together under the sheets as they fall asleep. It only feels like he’s just drifted off when Steve’s eyes are blinking open. He looks over at the clock on the bedside table. There were still a couple hours left before he had to get up. A groan and a jerk against his back lets him know what woke him up. He rolls over and sees Tony clutching to a pillow. Steve wraps an arm around him and pulls him close. Tony is warm to the touch and whimpers.
Natasha sighs as she watches the doors close. “Nothing is ever easy with those two.” She looks at the read outs in front of her and stares at the photo they have listed for the Winter Soldier.
“Only so you will stop treating him like your personal WebMD.”
Steve arches an unamused brow at her while the other adults devolve into laughter. Mari just sticks her tongue out at him.
Tony’s face does not change but Steve can see his shoulders loosen up a fraction. Steve’s mouth quirks up. He pushes himself up the bed and climbs behind his husband. With a firm grip he massages at his shoulders. “You need to relax Pip. Worrying isn’t going to do anything except give you even more grey hair.”
“So-So loop quantum gravity has-has been able to match Bekenstein’s prediction of black hole entr-enthr-”
“Don’t worry, Jarvis would have let us know if she left the floor,” says Steve.
“I’ll schedule one alongside the kiddo tomorrow. Right Jarvis?”
“And if I slip you information once in a while?”
As Ms. Flander walks over to them, Tony signs, “Are you okay?”
Steve follows his gaze. He leans forward and tries to catch Tony’s eyes. “This isn’t your fault. You did-“
While Steve looks at her head, Tony stands there, shifting from foot to foot. He reaches his hand out twice but each time it drops when he thinks better of it. He coughs once. “So, uh, what’s the prognosis Cap? Should I start building bionic parts for her or what?”
“Tony!” Steve exclaims.
“Flavour…”
“Yeah just…need to cut back on the sugar I guess.”
“Please, take a seat,” says the doctor holding out his hand to motion to the empty bean bag while he sits in the chair.
Four possible points of entry. Twelve people. Didn’t look like anyone was armed. Except for him. Bucky bounces his leg as his eyes dart back to the man relaying his story. He supposes he should be paying better attention. Sam brought him here for a reason. To acclimate. He was getting sick of that word. Everybody seemed to be using it. Especially in relation to him. It was always funny coming from Steve. Yeah, Bucky had spent most of his time in the future as a mindless killing machine but he’d spent more time thawed out than Steve did.
“Most of that blood isn’t hers actually,” says Bucky.
“Which we could do on a regular basis if SOMEONE didn’t insist on a traditional family atmosphere.” Tony says. He slides the phone onto the breakfast bar and kisses Steve’s cheek before he puts the ingredients back in the fridge. He ruffles Mari’s hair as well when he moves behind her. “You okay Kiddo? Not too much excitement for you I hope.”
“Yeaaaah. About that, after today, let’s not do that anymore. Strangers are dangers.”
“You mean away from the fragile little humanoid glass doll? It’s okay Bruce, it’s not like you’re gonna Hulk out if we run out of corner pieces on the cake. You have a pretty good cap on the big guy nowadays.”
“You didn’t-“ Steve starts.
“Jarvis said there were no results.” Tony frowns and opens the file.
“Me next! Me next!” she says.
He takes it and looks inside. As he looks through the pages his frown grows.
The worker escorts Mari across the street and walks her up to the building. The worker walks up to the entrance but Mari pauses to look at the glass. At first Steve thinks she’s staring at them but he realizes her gaze does not go past the glass. Steve thinks she must have caught sight of something in the reflection. Ms. Flander turns to hold the door open for her and frowns when Mari is not right behind her. She heaves a frustrated sigh and barks her name at her. Mari jumps and scuffles into the building, while tugging at her hair.
Tony heaves a sigh and hugs her close, crushing her to his chest. “I’m not mad kiddo. It wasn’t your fault. Besides, I could never hate you.”
“I'll see you in a few.” Rhodey turns and drags the villain out the door with the Count shouting various curses and insults in Italian behind him. Just as they disappear out the door the curses get cut off by a thunk and a yelp. The Steve can hear Rhodey say, “I'm so sorry man. Those walls, they just come out of nowhere don't they?” Another thunk and pained yell. “Oop! There’s another one. Damn. They’re just coming out of the woodwork aren’t they?”
Her eyes widen and she reaches out. “Yes please.”
“I’m sorry sir but I was told to bring her straight to the director.”
“You’re going to spoil her,” Tony says as he swipes his card.
“We’ve got a hunch,” says Nat.
“Does anyone have eyes on Stark? I doubt he’d leave his brat up here for long. Well how the hell should I know-wait. Let me ask the kid.” He turns to Mari. “You know where your parents are?”
“No. I’ve been staying under the radar. Had a pretty nice setup in Bucharest.”
“Maybe I can find a better use for my mouth if I think real hard.” He tosses Tony onto the bed and climbs over him. He places light kisses down his olive chest.
“No.”
“Gosh darn? Dang it? Listen to yourself! Soon you’ll have us saying things like ‘the bee-knees’ or ‘gee willikers’,” Clint says.
Mari lets out a loud peel of laughter and claps. “Do it again!”
“You’re letting me borrow him?”
“Steve has a no swearing rule in front of the K-I-D.”
“I’ll help! I’ll help!” Mari chirps. She climbs down the stool and runs across the kitchen area. She grabs a towel and reaches up to wipe at the counter. She stands on her tiptoes and still is unable to reach past the first few inches of the counter. Steve smiles and pulls a barstool over. He then lifts Mari up on top of it and ruffles her hair.
Tony takes it and flips through the pages before holding it back out again. “I don’t need your ledger. This is your’s to-”
“Report!” He calls into his comms.
“No Captain. Shall I ask if she needs assistance?”
“Uh-oh.” Tony says. “I better head this off before it turns into a tantrum. Hey, Kiddo. I bet I can beat you to the jungle gym.”
They all jump up from their seats, Bucky pulling out a knife. They relax when they see Clint peering out of the air vent at them.
Steve frowns at him. "Because he doesn't still cuss in front of Mari on a regular basis."
“What?” Tony asks, shrugging his shoulders. “SHE got the joke.”
“I’m sorry Miss. You don’t have the required security clearance right now.” Jarvis answers.
“I signed the company over to her for a reason Steeevvveee. And it’s not just that. I am enjoying not having my apartment trashed by those hooligans that call themselves adults.”
He smiles back and rubs the towel into her hair. He gives her one more pat down.
“Why am I just hearing about this now?”
“Catch you on the flip side.” Sam continues down as Bucky exits onto the floor with his apartment.
He is silent and just stares at her for a moment.
“This doesn’t seem very aerodynamic,” she says. “Isn’t there drag?”
“Ok over here you have your dresser and vanity WHICH,” he pulls a remote out from the drawer in the nightstand and hits a button. “Doubles as your TV.” He turns it off then returns the remote to its drawer. “You’ve got a desk over there, here’s your toy chest and book shelf. We can put your dialysis machine over here.”
“I never really thought much of how you presented yourself. Walking peacock if you ask me. But Maggie, Mari’s mother, she didn’t trust you or anyone in your company. She definitely didn’t trust SHIELD and Hydra. There was a lot you surround yourself with that she didn’t trust. Now, Maggie was a bit eccentric but she was never wrong. I never knew how she knew the things she knew but she did. If she knew of a reason not to trust you and your organizations then I’m damn well not going to forget that when dealing with you.”
“Like whaaaat?” Mari pulls the covers a little higher in excitement.
They look down at her and that is when Steve notices Callaghan has taken her leave.
“Lets go get dressed and then we can go to the park. How does that sound?” When Mari starts nodding excitedly Tony looks out the corner of his eye at Steve who gives a subtle nod.
“The curse jar count. You owe two bucks.” Tony holds the jar out to the director.
Steve snickers as he portions out food onto their plates.
“No. The fate of the world depends on the decision we make at this table today.” Tony picks up another stack. “That means nothing but the best.”
Mari nods and curls around Bucky Bear.
“She hasn’t doubled back?” asks a muffled voice.
“Do you even hear yourself!?! And it’s not your milk!”
“Enough, you know my stance on this.” She claps her hands and rubs them together. “Now where is my first grandbaby?”
“Why would we?”
“SO THEY KNOW IT WAS THERE!?!”
“NO! PLEA-“ The shout of a man is cut off and a thud is heard through the wall.
“Why?”
He pauses in cleaning her face. “What?”
She turns and yanks him to her side. She hits the fourth button, keeping a grip on his shaking arm as the doors slide closed.
“What bet?” Bucky asks.
“She is currently under the snack table sir.”
Steve wraps him in a towel and pulls him against him. “How about we get her stable on the ground before we launch her into the air.”
“A very fine lady number,” says Sam.
“Clint mostly. He likes giving her material that he can't use without fear of reprisals.” Sam flips over the empty bowl and plops projectile porridge into it.
“That doesn’t look like fixing Jarvis…”
“Thor, is that a shield?” Steve asks, eyeing the gift he is holding.
She nods and rolls on her side. “G’night.”
“Would it kill you to find a new vocabulary that doesn’t involve cussing?” Steve asks.
“Jet.” He grunts as he struggles to load a particularly spirited agent into the back of a prison transport.
“There were flares and confetti.”
“For you, flesh wound is code for shot but I don’t want to alarm you. Which is stupid by the way.”
“Hey. Thanks for coming by Steve.” Aaron says.
"Noooooooo."
“I am imparting scientific knowledge to my offspring,” Tony says with a slight puff to his chest.
"No. Here.” Bucky takes a cube off the snack table and holds it out to her. “Have a…um...?”
She lowers the bear so she can glare at him full on. She takes a deep breath and straightens her back. Bucky can’t help but smirk when she reminds him of Steve. Steel in her spine and a look in her eyes that just dares him to take her on. And the pout was adorable.
Tony follows where Steve occasionally flicks his gaze up to and sees Mari crouched over something with a her own sketch book and a box of crayons. A small glow warms his chest at the sight. With quiet steps he comes up behind the bench. Before Steve can feel him standing there Tony steps around and slides onto the bench next to him.
“Yeeeeeessss,” Steve hisses as the tight heat envelopes him.
“You have the same face.”
“Yeaaah. I have a talent for putting my foot in my mouth.”
“You’re search results,” says Fury who tosses the inch thick file onto the counter between them.
“How?”
“For a very minor procedure. You’ll be upstairs watching Lazy Town by dinner.”
Steve nodded. Then he reached up and wrapped the towel around her hair, wringing it out into the fabric. “Did you know that flatworms can regenerate?”
“Yeah. I used to go to a clinic there to get that.”
“She’s gone.”
“Not in my house!” Steve says, marching towards them.
“Harri. Ta-ta!” And with that she disappeared around the corner.
“Yep. Been flying solo for the last couple hours.”
There is an awkward silence that hangs in the air as everyone just stares at each other. After a minute Mae asks, “That photo you were looking at earlier was taken a few hours after she was born. Would you…like to see more baby pictures?”
Steve readjusts her as he walks down the sidewalk with Mari sitting on his shoulders. He scans the street. “An octahedron? Uh…octa means eight so I’m looking for something with eight sides…hmmm…” His eye catches on the stairs leading up to one of the homes. Sitting on the end posts was a diamond shaped finial. He pats it as they pass. “Is it this?”
They both chuckle before Tony calls out, “Jarvis, can you locate the kiddo for us?”
“What’s the damage?”
Steve steps closer and runs his fingers through her hair. “I’m sorry.” He turns to Natasha. “I lost Bucky near Columbus Circle. Think you can use security cameras to find where he went?”
“Personal files?” Bruce looks to Tony confused.
“Oh. Yeah.” She gives him a thumbs up.
Sam coughs and washes his food down with a swig of juice. His laughter dies down and he asks, “So, you said earlier you had something to say?”
Clint looks up the stairwell and groans. “You know, fuck that.” He takes out his bow and nocks an arrow connected to his belt by a tether.
“Wow,” she murmurs. “You can see soooo much.”
“The Stony incident!?!” Steve exclaims.
“You’re so cool. You did all these things, went all these places and you don’t even need powers or a cool suit. I wish I could be like you.”
“It would be better for Bucky if he was left out of this please,” Bucky says in a hesitant voice.
Steve punches his shoulder. “Jerk.”
“Y-you should know I’m not good in social settings…” says Mari.
“Yeah. But I knew her as Natalia. That must be why I keep messing up her name.”
They make it back to the penthouse only to be greeted with yelling and cursing and a shout of “HULK SMASH THOR!”
She arms the grenade and shoots to her feet. In the same instance she tosses the grenade up and hits it with the pipe. She ducks back down but the sound of glass shattering tells her she hit her target. Then it goes off. In the confusion she pulls out her firearm and shoots into the window she saw the other shooter. Her mark slumps forward causing his rifle to fall out of the window. With her weapon holstered, she then goes to her bike and examines it. The back tire has lost pressure but the rung inside it seems undamaged which should give her enough stability to make it to a safe point.
“And I want you to go one week without breaking anything.”
“Ha! Soon she’ll be yelling that up the stairs after setting the lab on fire.”
He kicks out and manages to land a kick in its side. The alien grunts but does not let up.
“We treat people as we would like to be treated. Not as they treat us.”
“Because you keep using the same conversation starters?” He finishes with his hair and moves to the body wash.
“Good job.” He pats her leg. “Your turn again.”
Pepper, Sam, and Rhodey fall back into their seats and Happy goes to get himself and Pepper a drink, grumbling about heroes and their flashy entrances. Steve pets Mari’s hair and tells her everything is okay as she tightens her death grip on his shirt. Tony marches towards the entrance with his hands balled into fists as Clint jumps into view launching confetti into the air and a speaker strapped to his hip.
“Yeah! Your turn!” She runs her fingers through his hair and he feels her shape it into what he is pretty sure is a Mohawk.
“That’s not what I meant. pip please-“
“Um,” a portly woman sitting behind the desk opposite them breaks in. “Now that Mr. Stark is here, maybe we can proceed with things?”
“Curried turkey casserole it is!” Tony reads off before going to the fridge with a flourish.
“You didn’t tell me they have a talking house!” She then turns back to the husbands. “I can’t believe you have an actual talking house! C-can I see his programming!?!?!”
“Dialysis?”
“It’ll take a little longer than expected but she’ll be okay to take home in the next hour or so.”
He barely finishes his sentence when they hear Mari’s excited shriek and the sound of a lot of somethings hitting the floor.
“Well it is.”
“Sam!” Steve shoots him a frown and motions towards Mari who is sitting at the head of the table with her head laying on its surface.
“Do you still love her?”
Tony couldn’t help laughing at that. He took Mari’s hand and led her back into the elevator. “Tell you what Kiddo, if you manage to hack Jarvis I’ll take you to Disneyland. Hell, if you want I’ll rent it out for the weekend.”
Steve looks sheepish and rubs at his neck. “Oh. That. Uh…” He starts to stand up. “Uh, hey Jarvis are the spare toiletries still in the hall closet?”
“Young lady you know those aren't on your list of approved foods.” Steve stands up to intervene.
The rock tilted at a sudden haphazard angle. Tony falls to the ground and clings to a jutting rock. Off to his left a leviathan scrapes against the side, pushing the floating island off its axis. He clings for dear life as it floats past, the flick of its tail sending one last violent rock through the island. The leviathan glides through taking no heed of him. As the island steadies, he slowly eases his grip on the stone. Just as he starts to relax something clamps down on his shoulder. He yells and looks up into the face of a Chitauri soldier. Adrenalin races through and he swings at the alien. It catches his fist and roars. Tony kicks out his legs and squeezes his eyes tight as he jerks against the iron grip it has on him.
“No! Howard’s boy.”
Tony chuckles as he rights the recipe so it is facing Mari. “Just tell us what the book says to do.”
“Upstairs, seventy fifth floor. Elevator is down and the east stairs have been closed off. You’ll have to use the west ones.”
Clint climbs out and lowers himself down. “Can’t quite recall. So what’s this business about Nat?”
“Tony, they’re children, not Doombots. You’ll be fine.”
“Bucky needs family around him.”
“My name is Mari you know!”
“Mn?” Mari murmurs as she leans her head out from her cocoon. She looks towards the wall where she heard her father’s voice and wipes at the sleep congealed in the corners of her eyes. “Da?”
“It’s going to be ok. Everyone will love you.”
When the next mission came up, Bucky expected to be asked to tag along. But Steve took him aside to have a heart to heart about his role. He was relieved that Steve offered him the choice to stay behind. He had been at war for too long and civilian life was really suiting him. Although he didn’t expect that to mean he was the new nanny. Anytime the Avengers were called out on a mission Bucky would keep an eye on the squirt. And when they realized that Bucky was recognized less often, he took Mari to the park more. She was less likely to be hounded by paparazzi and fans if Steve and Tony weren’t there. Bucky could tell that bothered them. A lot. So when he took her out he made sure to send them short videos and pictures with the phone they gave him.
Tony’s body gives a violent jerk and he falls out of his chair and onto the hard floor of his lab. He groans and rolls onto his back. He runs his hand over his face, grimacing at the feel of being drenched in sweat.
She blinks up at him.
“What?” Tony asks.
“Barton, what have I told you about moving through the vents?” Steve demands as Sam and Bucky pick their chairs back up.
“Daddy may have said that, but I’m saying it’s time to clean up. Do it please.” Mari heaves a dramatic sigh but picks up the eraser and starts cleaning the window. “Where is your father anyway? Wasn’t he just here? Tony! Jarvis where’s my husband?”
“….I detect three hearts sir. Yours, the Captain’s, and Miss Mari’s.”
Clint throws up his arms. "Why didn't you 'language' him!?!"
“T-Then I’m going to give it back.”
“That could be either one of them.”
“Kiddo?” Steve asks, coming close to help her sit up and take off her backpack. “What happened? Did you trip?”
“And a program on a flash drive she had hidden. But she only used parts. Quite brilliant actually. She used an infra-“
“How about I carry you upstairs then, huh?”
“About the dead people or the evil toasters from Mars?” she asks, taking the toy.
The social worker sighs. “We’ve already talked about this dear and I’m not here to pick a fight. Are you happy with Steve and Tony?”
“If that’s what she wants,” says Steve. “But I think one drama queen in the family is enough.”
“I know but was butternut the best you could come up with?”
“Yeah? What about when you stand next to Pepper?”
“You’re not going to win your case. You’ve lost every motion you’ve filed, social services ignores all your complaints, and no matter what happens it doesn’t change the fact that you still can’t afford to give her the help she needs. And if I wanted to I could have a whole team of lawyers bury you in paperwork. But she was taken from your care because you couldn’t afford her, not that you didn’t love her. You wouldn’t fight this hard to get her back if you didn’t care which confuses me because the reason she was put up for adoption was because you had no contact with her for over sixth months.”
“Hey, Tony! We’re going to grab some snacks.” He points to the stand.
Tony doesn’t answer.
Bucky chuckles and looks to the screen where a character in a purple hat scoops up a star. When Mari lets out a happy shout and kicks her legs in excitement he gets a flash of another little girl with twin braids and a freckled face. It was quick but he had seen it. And he could actually make sense of this flash of memory. A tear slipped out of the corner of his eye when he realized he could remember one his little sister's faces. Little Becky's face.
“...so what did Tony want to talk with you about?”
Nat’s back goes ramrod straight and her face loses all show of emotion.
Tony takes the mug back. “Just one more hit.” He inhales half the concoction in one long pull. “Ugh.” He hands the mug back as a shiver runs down his spine.
His chest heaves with harsh breathing. Steve rubs along his husband’s arm while his eyes dart around the room. Once his gaze focuses and his breathing slows, he glances over his shoulder to Steve. Despite the frown he shoots him, Steve can feel some of the tension ease in his husband’s shoulder.
Steve nods and presses his lips to Tony’s cheek. “I’m glad to hear that. I’ve got plans to keep you around for a long time yet.”
“I’m okay!”
“Come on Tony.” Bruce interrupts and leads away him towards the stairs. “I’ll look at you myself.”
“Summer has barely even started.”
Bucky reaches them just as Mari grabs a sand pail and whacks it into his face. The boy screams and drops the toy before running away, yelling for his mommy. His two compratiates following after. Bucky picks her off the ground as she scoops up the toy.
“See? I would have forgotten that. You are not as bad at this whole parent thing as you think you are.”
“Roger that. Hawkeye, I’m coming up on your nine o’clock. Wasp, you help get that jet up in the air. We cannot let Strucker go. Falcon, give us air support. If you can hear Thor moving around it’s not going to be long before he comes bursting through that rubble on his own.”
“Good.”
“GOD FUCKING DAMN IT! HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL BARTON NOT TO PLAY WITH THESE!?!”
She snickers and snuggles into his side. “Are you okay?”
“Lets not do anything too shocking alright?” She lets the edge of her bracer dig into his back.
“We have some special guests coming today,” Tony says as he takes the eraser from Mari to get the higher up marks.
Steve takes the shaker and breaks the top off as Tony yells, “JARVIS DO SOMETHING!”
“Well that’s why you hire a master of disguise. So that way in the event they see my face you will have all the time in the world to do whatever you need while they chase a ghost.”
“Five.”
“Mama seems to have given up waiting on me to have kids,” says Rhodey.
Mari cries as she fumbles with the release. The minute it pops off it’s snatched from her and crushed under the man’s boot. Then she is being yanked to her feet and dragged out of the office.
Tony bursts out laughing at the slight panic in the AI’s voice. “Sure. Just let me get some pants on buddy.”
Mari waves her hand. “I do! I do!”
“We’re not letting her make a rocket.”
“To remind the public who the coolest Avenger is.” Clint winks and gives them the finger guns.
Mari makes a pouting face. “…when is it?”
“Yeeees?” Mari shrinks in on herself, waiting for the explosion.
“No. Thank you Steve.”
She turns back to the movie in the corner of the mirror. “Whatever you say.”
“You and Steve aren’t allowed in. Insider trading and all.”
Mari nods and climbs down from the chair. She takes Tony’s outstretched hand as they go out into the living room. She looks around the room with her mouth agape as Tony goes to meet Rhodey and Pepper at the elevator. While Tony was helping her get ready, Steve had put up balloons and a banner that says, “Welcome Home Marianna!” She runs up and hugs Steve’s leg.
“Daddy?”
“Compromise where you can but if you find you can’t then when people tell you to move even if it’s the whole world, I want you to plant your roots like a tree and say, ‘No! You move’. You hold your ground and stand tall.”
“Come see my room. Come see my room.” Mari pulls on their hands hard. She tugs them around Steve and Tony and down the hall.
“Mari was able to get in…” she says in a quiet voice.
“There’s a reason I don’t have eyebrows in my third grade school photo.”
“Like the red queen?”
"Are you saying HYDRA is involved?" Sam asks.
“I’m so sor-” Bucky starts.
“I am not that bad!” Steve and Mari say.
“I don’t know. I do know, that you can’t go another night without sleep though.” He slips into Mari’s room and tucks her under the covers. He takes the book and puts it and her glasses onto the bedside table. “Now, to prevent any more trouble,” Tony sits on the bed next to her and leans back against the head board. “I’m going to sit right here until I hear little snores.”
Mari peeks between the bodies trying to see what they’re looking at, but the projection lays parallel to the table and doesn’t raise high enough off the surface for her to even read the underside. She goes to the edge of the table and rises on her tip toes to try and see. She pouts when it’s still too distorted to read.
“It’s only going to get more awkward the longer we wait.”
“Not to do it…” says Hulk. He rolls his eyes.
“Don’t be…do you want to talk about it?”
He taps her nose. “Real snores you smartass.”
“You’re seriously asking me? Mr. Fabulously Insecure? The guy who is still freaking out about the fact that you somehow convinced me and everyone else that letting ME raise a tiny human being was a good idea? Steve, Baby, I’m still stuck on how to have a conversation with her and I’m already at a severe disadvantage with the whole no cussing thing.”
“Pip, we’ve talked about this, you’re ready to be a dad and so am I. Don’t back out now.”
. It inspired one of the scenes in this chapter.
“I thought,” Steve continues. “It would be best if he stayed close by.”
“So I guess we know who hired him. We know why?”
“Don’t know. So far the only files that have been decrypted are run of the mill neurological studies.”
“Ha, ha. Very funny,” Tony snaps as he moves to the coffee maker. “Why are you even here? Shouldn’t you be out jogging circles around Sam going, ‘On your left’?”
They turn and move more into the living room. Mari hugs Steve’s leg tighter and moves to hide behind him. Rhodey pauses a few steps away. Pepper walks up and kneels down in front of her.
“…And sir?”
“Don’t you have a job?” Sam asks as he moves past him to help Steve with the dishes.
Mari looks over at them and watches Thor suspiciously.
“You want to tell me why you bugged a homeless dude?” Clint asks.
“You can always come to Aunt Peggy for back up luv,” she whispers in her ear. “You remember that.”
“Are you okay Mrs. Vulcrum?” Mari asks, eyeing the stitches along the woman’s forehead.
“What?”
“Which are?” Steve asks.
“One who’s going to Disneyland?” she asks with a hopeful look.
“We never stopped.” Mae cups Mari’s face in her hands and runs her thumbs over her cheeks. “We always kept fighting to get you back.”
“Yes Steve. Shoo shoo. The ladies need to speak about very important matters.”
“We’re not going to stop fighting to get her back,” says Ben in a hard voice.
“Look up you idiot!” the man in Natasha’s grip barks.
They stare at each other in silence. Steve watches Tony’s jaw clench and unclench. He doesn’t know how long they stand there staring at each other but a sudden booming voice makes them jump in surprise.
Steve crumples the note in his hand and tosses it in the drawer. “Maybe we have some olive oil in the kitchen. Or we can enjoy some old fashioned frottage.” Steve gives a slow roll of his hips.
“Don’t help,” Steve and Tony snap.
“B-but you’ve been limiting my sugar intake, and I can’t see, and-and my chest hurts, and I just want to go home,” she cries.
“Yay!”
Suddenly there is a large boom and a flare flies through the apartment. Mari shrieks and rushes into Steve’s arms, clinging to him. Everyone stands and turns towards the elevator as they hear rumbling music and thumping footsteps. But there are no vibrations from the steps.
They continue talking in Icelandic much to the confusion to the rest of the room. Pepper looks to Steve and Tony. “Do you two know what they’re talking about?”
With a quiet murmur everyone stood. Some of the group broke off to chat in smaller cliches. The woman with the prosthetic leg stands to help Sam put away chairs. Bucky stands to do the same when someone grabs the chair next to him. He watches them out of the corner of his eye as he grabs his chair and another. She was 5’9”. Approximately 150 pounds. Well built. Red hair. Dyed. Threat minimal. He tried to focus on collecting chairs but she kept glancing over at him. His body tensed at the attention.
“When!?!”
“You want to grab a couple dogs?” Steve asks.
“Da? Mama?” she calls, moving closer to the door.
"Pleeeeeease."
“Well then I better get a head start.” He makes a dash for the jungle gym.
"But I'm cute."
“Hello. My name is Pepper. I work with your Dad Tony.”
“Noooooo,” she whines.
“You don’t even know the full report yet.”
The two adults look down at her. After a minute Bruce looks back up at Tony.
“Yeah?”
“Since she died, have the attacks stopped?” Steve asks.
“See? Just us,” Tony tells her.
“No. Puny Banner sucks at Mario Kart. HA!” Hulk roars as Sam, Thor, and Clint groan. “Hulk wins!”
Steve sighs and pushes Mari’s plate toward her again. “At least eat half your eggs and then we’ll go get ready. Ok?”
“I’m more worried about you.”
“None taken?” Bucky frowns down at his beer. He really wished he could get drunk right now. “Why hasn’t she told me?”
A large boom from an explosion and gun fire sets off outside the jet. Falcon and Wasp run out.
The new family is sitting at the breakfast bar. Tony and Steve have finished their food and the scientist is on his second cup of coffee. Steve is reading the morning paper and Tony is reading the electronic -version on his tablet. Mari sits between them poking at her food.
“You’ve been checking in on them?” Steve demands.
“I know! But-JEEZ!” He angrily squeezes some shampoo into his palm before lathering it into his hair. “Can’t we just spend one frickin’ day where we aren’t worried about possible custody battles, or strange shape shifters, or 1940s sharp shooters. Just one day where we don’t have to worry about that shit, where we can just be a normal family. I want to get a few good memories in before we fuck her over completely with our superhero drama.”
“Because you don’t need me in your life Stevie. Not anymore. You have a husband, a kid. You’re a modern family man now. You don’t need a decommissioned soldier from the past to drag you down. I’m still too dangerous.”
“No!” She ducks behind the island as if she's going around the other side but pops back a second later to make a dash for the elevator.
While he was still holding out his phone she reaches over and opens his email. The bar across the top of the screen lights up and then his inbox was flooded with unread emails. The most recent one being from Tony with the subject line “Stay out of penthouse; Important guests”. He lets out a small oh.
Steve punches his arm and they all devolve into laughter.
He shakes his head and looks back to the screen. When it seems he’s not going to continue Mari turns and reaches up to open the door.
She leans around her cover and fires a shot off. The bullet hits a light fixture causing it to crash down onto her assailant. The man stumbles out from his cover and she fires two more shots. The man falls and does not get back up. “I’m good. Thanks.”
Tony quirks an eyebrow. “Repeatedly? As in more than once?”
“It’s a little more complicated than that squirt.”
Steve mouths at his neck. “Being distracted by Thor so I can talk to you.”
“It wasn’t Howard.”
Steve barks out a laugh and rolls onto his side to look at Tony’s face with a troubled smile. “I’m serious Tony. What do we do? There’s no way she’s sleeping well like that.”
The stranger looks up at her and his face melts into a soft expression. “…yeah. Your Pops. Anyway, I have something I need you to give him. It’s important.” He holds out the manila folder and Mari sees that his other hand has flesh fingers.
“Then who? Dugan? It was Falsworth. You have that thing for accents.”
“I’m already up.” Steve stretches his arms above his head and goes to the closet to put on some comfortable clothes. On his way out the door he tosses their discarded clothes into the hamper, except Steve’s ripped tee which ends up in the waste basket. Steve came back in soon after with a cold compress and lays it along his husband’s tail bone. Tony leans up for a kiss and Steve obliges before leaving.
“Again? I thought they were done with those,” she says.
“…I don’t have grey hair.”
“Then get a tall pot.”
The doctor returns the bow and says with a smile, “You’re a medical marvel Mr. Stark. Believe me, it is not a hardship. Especially when I am coming here on one of your wonderful jets.”
“Yes, just a little bump. I’ll be in tip top shape by tomorrow.”
He looks over and she is giving him a knowing look. “Yeah.”
Steve sits back up and gives Tony an amused and tired smile. He then returns to the pile of eggs and bacon in front of him.
“Challenge accepted!” She throws her arms into the air.
“Come on. Time to get up.” He reaches in to pull her out only for her to remain in a tight ball, squeezing her eyes shut. He lifts her up anyway and chuckles at the sight of her curled into a ball with the quilt pulled tightly around her thinking she resembles more of a wadded up blanket than a cranky toddler. He gives her a little shake. “Come on.”
Steve shakes off Tony and throws his hands up. “I’m done with both of you.” He storms over to the couch. He picks Mari up and sets her on his lap to listen to the rest of Thor’s story.
“And by some, she means a crap ton. Like a Thor would be nice,” Hawkeye says.
While the man was distracted Mari went to the computer. On the screen was a progress bar displaying files being copied onto the drive. She looks up to see the man still looking out the doorway then cancels the massive file dump. She has enough time to copy a couple files of her choice before the man sees her.
Tony stills and twists in a slow turn to stare at him. “Why?”
“Oh you wound me.” He clutches at his heart.
Out front Tony slides into the passenger seat of an armoured SUV. He turns to Happy and shoots him a smirk. “Let’s roll out.”
“Daddy calls you Aunt Peggy. Can I call you Aunt Peggy too?”
“Why would I be mad?” He takes an edge of the towel to mop it before he untangles her fingers from her hair.
“What bug?”
“Why do I get the feeling you’re not going to side with me on this?” She asks in a dry voice.
Tony groans. “What time is it?”
Tony spins on him. “You told Mari you’d read to her tonight.”
Ms. Flander looks up to see Tony poking his head through the balcony door. Steve is hovering worriedly over his shoulder.
“I’m sorry to interrupt sirs,” says Jarvis. “But Ms. Flander is here.”
“Oh, I suppose you’d suggest I put animu eyes on it then?”
She freezes and looks over her shoulder. “Um…leaving?”
The girl turns to glare at Mari. “No. He’s never wrong. And neither am I. Better get that into your head now Stark.”
“Watch it or I’m adding Russian swear words to the detector.”
“If you’re not careful that’s gonna be me.”
“My apologies friends.” Thor says as he turns to the other adults. “Young Mari was telling me about her lineage and how excited she is to meet all of us.”
Mari tilts her head and stands before making her way to the door. When she reaches up to the handle the door swings open and she jumps back to avoid being trampled by a man in a SHIELD uniform entering the office. They look at each other in surprise.
“Is this what you think is in your closet?” Tony asks her.
Clint pulls out his phone to look. Then he holds the screen out to her. “Ha, ha! See. No messages.”
“I like having you around too.” Tony goes quiet. He starts to get hot under the collar when Mari continues to stare at him with her wide blue-grey eyes. He turns back to the therapist who gives him the ‘Go on’ hand signal. Tony turns back to Mari. “I like having you around…a lot…but I’m not good at this whole responsible adult thing and raising a kid so…I’m going to try and be a better Dad for you…”
“It’s an adjustment, I’ll admit. But I’m glad you’re here. Really. You belong with us at the tower. Whether that’s as an Avenger or Mari’s new babysitter I don’t care. That’s up to you.”
“Maybe next time.” Tony lifts Mari off the counter and onto the floor next to him. The second her feet touch the ground, she turns and gets up on her tip toes to look over the counter and at the screen.
Steve says, “Jarvis, if Tony is still awake-“
“Till the end of line,” Steve murmurs.
Tony chokes on a sob and tries to reach out to him but he still cannot move his limbs. Tears stream down his face. The click of a rifle being cocked draws his gaze back up. The figure has a rifle pointed at his head. He cannot take his eyes off the barrel. Tony knew he would not die of old age. That just was not in the cards for people like him. He knew his final moments would be spent, laid out on the battle field, holding tight to the memory of Steve’s smiling face. There is a niggling at the back of his skull though. He is forgetting something. He closes his eyes and tries to remember what it might be.
“Og það er ekki oft sem ég hitta einhvern svo fróður um guðina.” (And it is not often I meet someone so knowledgeable about the gods.)
“Doctor Banner is in his lab sir. Shall I bring the elevator there?”
Steve puts the suitcase next to the center couch and goes to kneel next to her. “My heart will always belong to Brooklyn but I will admit that this view is pretty nice.”
As Bucky grabs some drinks he sees Sam pull a cereal box out of the pantry with Sam in full uniform on it.
“How about to pick her fights better? I mean look at her Steve.”
“You’re going to be the CO so you’ll be calling out shots. Okay?”
“Tony.” Steve frowns at him.
“Probably. But he doesn’t.” Tony tosses another stack into the rejects. “Is this really the best you could find Jarvis?”
Steve tosses the tank into the laundry basket. “I know I wasn’t exactly Dad of the year today. I upset Mari when I left. I upset you when I didn’t come back. I’m sorry but he’s my friend.”
“Um…want to blow shit up!?!” he bursts out.
“No. I’d just curl into my hot husband’s side and go ‘Oh Steve! Save me!’”
“By who!?!”
Bucky’s brow scrunches up at that. Was it? He could have sworn it was Natalia. Oh well, what did he know? His brain had been put through the blender more times than he could count. Steve led him through the door and Natasha followed after. They walk up to a large holotable and Clint brings up a map.
“Only when it stops being funny,” says Tony as he leans up and kisses the soldier.
Steve kneels down next to her. “We weren’t sure how much you’d be bringing but we can go shopping tomorrow for more clothes and toys if you want.”
“I know. Why are you telling me all this?”
Tony races up what remains of the stairs. The steps fall away on the next level. Tony looks up and sees most of the steps above him have been blown away with huge chunks barely clinging to the walls. He hears a yelp followed by the sound of falling stone. He looks up and ducks back in time to avoid the falling concrete. He looks back up where it came from. His heart stops when he sees Mari trying to climb up a set of stairs hanging at a precarious angle. Her glasses are missing and he can see where her hair and clothes were singed by the explosion.
Thor sees Mari eyeing him and he turns a broad smile on her. She ducks further behind the back of the couch.
“Don’t worry. We have the paper work on our side. The most they can do is rile up the paparazzi.” Tony reaches up and brushes a stray blonde hair back in to place.
“Take it off or I shoot it off,” he says as he reaches for his gun.
“What?”
Thump.
“No,” says the man a beat after Tony finishes.
“Shhh. Pep is on the phone,” he says and smirks at the bright red color that spreads over her murderous face.
“They put out a mass message to the team,” says Bruce.
Mari nods.
“Yeah. She was under the bed yesterday morning too. Same reason.”
“How about these?” Steve asks from the other side of the rack.
“What five year old knows how to hack!?!”
“Yep. I was even smaller than Tony.”
“Jarvis activate the Humpty Dumpty protocol.”
They wave and say their farewells as Bucky and Sam head out the doors. As they walk, Bucky fiddles with the scrap of paper in his flesh hand.
“I don’t know what that means but Bucky you obviously loved her enough to marry her, to risk HYDRA and the Red Room’s wrath. Don’t you want that back?”
As Tony starts to relax against him a ring comes from Tony’s pocket. He slips his phone out and swipes the accept button.
Steve lashes out and lands a solid punch to Nefaria’s jaw. The Count only laughs. Steve feels a warm rage rush to his head when he smashes Nefaria onto the computer's surface. The man groans only for a moment before laughing through a coughing fit.
“HA! I accept your challenge!”
“You said it yourself. What they did to you...you’re not Bucky anymore. And you’re not my James either. It’s cruel to hold you to a relationship that you don’t even remember. To tell you to love me just because I say you did. You’ve had enough people telling you what to do and how to feel…”
Steve fights a smile as he watches Mari use all of her focus to safely bring the cup over the arm of the chair to her lap.
Tony blinks an eye open to glance over his shoulder. “You uh…planning on doing some abdominal crunches?” He rocks his hips back only to wince at the pain that shoots up his spine. “Shit.”
“Wait a minute,” Tony turns to Mari and sets the dishes and folder aside. “Did you sneak on the Gorgon Files?”
Steve turns to him with a kicked puppy look. “What’s wrong with being a suburban dad?”
“The doctor is h-handling it.” The nurse scrambles to continue. “She’ll be okay but Doctor Callaghan isn’t putting in a new catheter.”
Sam chuckles. “I was gonna say ‘get to know the team’. But sure, jump to homicide. Look,” Sam straightens and turns to face Bucky full on. “Everyone here has some real fucked up shit we’re dealing with. The only thing that makes us barely functioning adults is the support we give each other. Go to the training room. Trade some punches with Thor. You don’t even have to say a word. But trust me, sometimes the best thing you can do is spend time with people as messed up as you. Give it a chance?”
Tony turns and steps aside to reveal Mari sitting on the desk behind him. Her glasses are missing and her clothes are in a disarray. They are covered in dust and he can see parts of her clothes and hair have been singed. An EMT is pressing at her stomach and along her sides. Where her health monitor used to rest there is now a splint wrapped around her wrist. She squints at him as she tries to make out his blurry shape and he notices the tear streaks that have cut through the dirt on her cheeks.
Mari giggles. “You made a tootie noise!”
He gives Steve a mock glare. “I ask you to watch our daughter for twenty minutes and you have her doing things like-” He fakes a tremble in his voice. “Like eat a well balanced meal with all the nutrients her growing little kidney impaired body needs? I trusted you.”
“...are we married?”
“Be careful! And lang-“ Steve rushes to Tony's side and takes the pan. He winces and roughly shoves the searing pan onto the stove again. “-HOT!”
“I’m doing well, now don’t be alarmed but you seem to have a little something on your pant leg.”
Ironman rockets through the skies and comes to land in front of the concrete building. Tony steps out of his suit and onto the sidewalk, walking briskly past the black car, with his bored bodyguard leaning against it, and towards the entrance.
Steve sets the mix aside and looks over to where Thor is giving an animated rendition of one of his adventures. Mari is sitting next to Rhodey on the edge of the couch with wide eyes and an even wider smile. Steve smiles and breaks the larger chunks up with the ladle. “I will admit of all the people I thought she’d warm up to first I didn’t think it would be Thor.”
Bucky turns towards a shrill voice to see a skinny blonde marching towards him, dragging the sobbing bully behind her. He groans.
She hugs herself and curls into a ball. “Little nerd dreams DO come true.”
“It’s a frog, not a badger Tony. I think she’ll be fine.”
Tony grabs one of the bottles Steve placed on the counter and takes a closer look at it. “Ah. My arch-nemesis. Adderall, we meet again.”
Steve asks, “Are you sure?”
His limbs feel like they were weighed down by led. He can’t move. He’s encased in darkness. Is he in the suit?
Mari lowers her hand and steps away from the door. He continues to glare until she’s half way to the desk. He removes his hand from atop the gun and turns back to the computer. Mari stands where the man pointed and holds her hands behind her back. She presses the button Tony showed her on her wristband and looks at the computer screen.
Steve gives Tony a smirk before taking his hand and pulling him down the hallways the caseworker leads them down. After a few turns that take them into the middle of the building they come to a nursery. The room is filled with whining infants and young toddlers that still wobble on unsteady legs. The two heroes interact with the kids. Steve is a natural that soon has the little ones tugging at him for attention. Tony is awkwardly bouncing the first baby he is given before it spews spit up onto his suit. His face scrunches up in horrified disgust and he stills.
“I can do it. I’m a big girl.” She tugs at them one more time before he releases them with a chuckle.
“One 1940’s solider of the shiny variety, coming your way.” Clint hits a button and a side compartment pops open from his bike. He didn’t have enough time to grab his archery set before they left, but luckily Tony had stocked his bike with a spanking new cross bow. Complete with flash bang arrows.
“Bye,” he says in a soft voice.
Meanwhile across town Tony pulls up to a small house in Queens. He looks out his windscreen and takes a deep breath. He taps at the steering wheel and lets his breath out in a long puff. With that he steps out and walks up onto the porch. He readjusts the blazer he is wearing before giving a light knock on the worn door with chipped paint. Nothing. He shakes out his limbs and knocks a little harder. This time he hears footsteps approach. In the narrow window next to the door he sees the curtain move. An elderly woman with white hair looks through. Her eyes widen almost comically before turning into a vicious glare. He straightens his blazer again as she opens the door.
“Greetings my brothers in arms!” Thor comes around the corner dressed in a loose cotton tunic and blue board shorts. The smile on his face droops when he sees the two stiff men looking at him. “I fear I may have interrupted something.”
She arches an eyebrow at the mug before wrapping her hands around it. “Thank you.”
“No, I helped her like a responsible adult. A very stupid responsible adult because she later used the parts to fool Jarvis into letting her hack him.”
“I have CKD. Ch-chronic Kidney Disease.” She puts her shirt back down. “Parents want healthy kids. Not ones that are gonna die in ten years…and I have ADHD. That puts people off a bit.”
“But you will because you’re Captain Fucking American.” The sound is halfway through its cycle when he snaps, “Jarvis mute.”
Tony chuckles. “It’s not like you can get anymore uncomfortable around me.”
“Nite, nite Daddy.”
“Uh-oh,” Tony says when he sees her. “Don’t like it?”
“No.” She unclips the baton from her belt and snaps it out. “I’ve got this.” As she comes around a corner she swings the baton out hitting the unsuspecting guard in the face.
“And?”
“Jarvis should be fixed by the time Mari gets settled. I’ll start digging then. See if he left anything,” Tony says.
“STOP MAKING THIS ABOUT ME!” Tony shouts. “THIS IS ABOUT YOUR ACTIONS! NOT MINE!”
Steve tucks the blankets around her and puts a stuffed dragon under the covers with her. “There we go. Now, do you remember where our bedroom is?”
He stands, taking Mari’s suitcase in hand, and leading them towards the elevators with Tony a few steps ahead. As they pass the front desk, a man in a black suit steps in front of them and turns to Ms. Flander.
They both laugh and shove at each other before they settle back to watch Mari play. After a minute the wind changes and the smell of processed meat, relish, and onions waft past.
“You remember when we were first going out and you asked if there was a coffee too black for me and I said I hadn’t found one yet?” Tony takes a small sip trying to get at least a little of a caffeine hit from it as Steve nods in reply. Tony grimaces. “I think I found it.”
Tony gasps and holds his side. “-iiiiiitsy spider face. I was going to say bitsy spider face.”
The Captain kicks it into gear, picking up his pace. He gains a little ground but Bucky manages to maintain a sizable a gap. Bucky leads him on a chase through the park, using groups of people, food stands, and other obstacles to trip him up but Steve stays tight on his tail. When Steve realizes Bucky is making his way towards the city street he pushes his legs even harder. If he makes it out into the city proper Steve just might lose him. He cannot let that happen. It takes them months just to find wisps and rumors of the Winter Soldier. Who knows how long it will take to find him again if he loses him now.
“Eat.” Steve says as he reaches over to ruffle her hair.
“Sometimes that’s a skill you’ve got to learn as you grow up. But don’t worry. We’ll work on it.” He ruffles her hair.
The man rears up and him and Tony roll down the stairs to the next landing. In the struggle the gun clatters to the ground and over the edge. When they roll to a stop, the man lands on top and Tony puts his arms up as the man hails punches at him. Tony jerks his knee up causing the man to lurch forward and Tony throws him the rest of the way off. As the man tumbles away Tony runs back up the stairs and pulls Mari up to her feet.
Two hours later…
Steve runs his fingers over the abused spot in apology before kneeling in front of Mari. “Where is this coming from?”
Steve thinks to himself.
“We left right after rounding up Doom’s bots. Didn’t have time to change.”
“Gladly.” She steps up and wraps an arm around his neck. With the press of a button they go flying up. As they pass Steve, she calls, “Hey Steve! Catch!”
“You know you can’t hide from Pepper and her paperwork forever. Or I guess it is technically YOUR paperwork.”
“We lost Barnes.” Natasha says into her comm.
Tony looks over to see Mari halfway up with her bear. “But we’re doing physics therapy.”
“Look at these projects. ‘Neuro data translation chip’, ‘Chemical stimulators’, ‘Nano carriers’. Tony would notice if someone planted something on him or in him.”
“That’s okay. He can have some of mine.” She holds out the box to him.
She takes another drink before Tony takes her off the counter and sets her down. He rinses the blender cup before setting it in the sink. When he turns around to put the fruit back in the fridge, he nearly trips over her. Instead of moving on to the living room she just stands there, staring at the fridge's reflective surface and tugging at her hair.
“Con-sist-tent,” Tony says in a slow voice.
“Is the sky blue?”
Steve pauses in scrambling to lean over and open the oven. Inside Sam can see a roasted chicken. Steve smirks, closes the door, and goes back to the eggs and bacon.
Bucky flinches before turning.
Clint walks towards Steve and Mari at a slow gate. “Heeeey. So I’m Clint.” He tries to make eye contact with Mari but her face is buried in Steve’s chest. He looks up to the Captain sheepishly. Steve just glares back. Clint turns back to Mari who he can hear whimpering. “I’m sorry about earlier. I thought it would be fun. You know, cool entrance, cool guy. Come on. You don’t have to be scared of me. I’m just a guy with a bow and some arrows…and confetti…and a fear of being star spangle strangled…”
Steve tosses her over his shoulder and kneels on the bed to place a kiss to Tony’s head. “Feeling any better?”
“Ah. I see. Is it still around?” Steve glances around the room as Tony steps closer to run his hands through her bed head.
Mari’s tense shoulders drop and she giggles behind the forgotten cook book.
“...thanks. I’ll keep that in mind.” He dabbs at a bloody tooth and freezes when it pops out. “That was already loose right?”
“Well,” Sam says slowly. “To answer your questions my wings are made of titanium and a material called Mylar and they’re solar powered.”
The door opens and Mari releases his hand to hide behind his leg. Steve chuckles and ruffles her hair.
The line disconnects and the man slides his phone back in his pocket. He reaches down to his belt buckle and hits a button. His figure blurs and shimmers and the young Chinese physician becomes an elderly woman before stepping out of the alley and disappearing into the bustle of New York.
“The ticker is still ticking. Enough about me, any word from Steve? Is Mari any better?”
“I’ll just login.” He hovers his hands over the keyboard only to have his seat rolled away. Then a cable is being wrapped around his body. “H-hey!”
His brain supplied helpfully.
“You’ve never heard of Disneyland?” Steve asks.
“She has been pulling at her hair more…” Steve says in a quiet voice to Tony.
“The sooner we get her statement the better.”
“I wanna walk.”
Mari turns a watery smile at him. “Can I show them my room?”
“Why?”
“Okay one: that turned out to be an elaborate plan to set their daughter up with some egg. Anybody like THAT, that wants to marry my baby, can fucking fight me.” The curse jingle goes off and Steve gets up to stuff a dollar bill in the jar. “Two: One of them was a frog.” He picks up a sheet and holds it out. “What about this one? It has a computer science program and most of their graduates get accepted into MIT.”
Black Widow rolls up to the warehouse and hides her bike behind some crates. She activates her comm and says, “I’ve made it to the coordinates.”
“This is why you shouldn’t run off where your parents can’t see you,” says a deep voice.
“Why is the bear named Bucky?”
“Thank you for sharing Mr. Stark.” He turns to Mari and holds out the toy for her. “After hearing that, why don’t you share what you told me earlier?”
“He needs our help Tony.”
The monster which had taken to tearing through her closet did not miss the little sound and takes a step towards the bed.
Mari’s mouth snaps closed and she begins to whimper.
“It took him two hours to show up after he lost him at Central Park. Captain America doesn’t give up until he crashes into the ocean.” He goes to the elevator that connects the Avenger’s tactical room to his lab, rubbing Mari’s back in soothing circles.
“Proper angry huh?” Sam says in a fake British accent. He looks to Mari whose head is resting on Tony’s shoulder. “What about you luv? You right as rain yet?”
Steve glares at Tony and says, “The point is, you have nothing to worry about because everyone is going to love you. You don’t have to be scared.”
“B-but they’re early! I’m not ready!” She squeezes her dragon closer and starts to hyperventilate. “I haven’t even thought of what I’m going to say! What if they don’t like me!? What if I say something-“
“We found a busted up mosquito bot. Inside the head was a vial filled with a nerve agent. I tried reassembling it but there were a lot of pieces that were too twisted up. We couldn’t work out a manufacturer.”
Sam arches a brow."Hoo-ha?"
“Oh well that fills me with confidence!”
“…I don’t know if I can do that…I’m not very tall...”
He lunges for the tech before he is jerked backwards by his collar. Cap lifts up so that Nefaria has to dance on the tips of his toes.
“I did. I got multiple rooms in fact but it seems like I'm constantly under siege by squatters.” Tony motions towards the rest of the living room.
Steve turns back to washing the dish he has in his hand with a chuckle.
“Are you getting any of this?” Bucky asks Steve in a whisper as they all walk through central park to get to the playground.
“If you guys cared about that I’d still be with Uncle Ben and Aunt Mae.”
“Right this way ma’am,” says Steve.
The door shuts with a soft click and Mari closes her eyes with a wide grin on her face.
“I’m troublesome. I can do things little kids aren’t supposed to know how to do…I try to be like the other kids but it’s so boring…I end up doing things that make people mad…”
“Okay!” Mari calls back.
Tony tosses the magazine back on the table and looks around the waiting room. The walls were a beige paint that was chipping where the chairs had knocked against them over time. In the corner were a box of toys that were so dirty he would rather take out his arc reactor for Mari to play with than risk exposing her to whatever was layered on those toys. He glances over at the receptionist who has ear buds in and continues to file her nails. She catches his eye and winks. He looks back up to the clock and sighs, running his thumb over his vibranium wedding ring. Twenty seven more minutes. Twenty seven more minutes before he could get Mari and leave.
“For once, I am that kind of doctor.”
He watches with an arched brow as he brings Jarvis up. “Jarvis, pull up the file we have on Margaret Paulson.”
“I don’t care. I’ll finish it. Now stop acting like children in front of the child.”
“She has a very serious condition Buck. We have to watch what she eats. Now Kiddo, how about I sprinkle in a little cinnamon. Huh?” He waggles his eyebrows at her.
“Just wait here then.”
“-had my kid, Hill! My kid! And then he fucked up Jarvis, all because YOU had a hole in your security!”
“Thank you Aunt Peggy.” Mari steps forward to wrap her arms around her and Peggy returns the gesture, rubbing small circles into her back.
She nods before handing Mari a tissue. “Thank you for talking to me sweetie. I just need to finish up with Steve and Tony. Okay?”
Steve quickly stuffs the last of his breakfast in his mouth and chases it down with orange juice before he stands. As he lifts Mari off the stool he says, “Come on. Let’s get you cleaned up and ready for the day. Tony think you can handle dishes?”
She pays them little attention as she goes to the kitchen, puts her plate in the dishwasher, and comes back out drinking from her sippy cup. She looks around at all the adults staring at her. “...hi.”
“Tony, get a look of this,” says Bruce.
She moves to walk away but he steps in her path. “Look I know I’m not the greatest catch but my head is like a thousand piece puzzle that got shaken up and lost a bunch of the pieces. I don’t know what happened between us or what I did to drive you away but please, just help me put a few of the pieces back together. Then I’ll never bring this up again.”
“To everyone outside the lab,” Tony mumbles into his coffee cup.
Tony groans. “Okay, lay it on me.”
Bucky laughs before taking out a red, worn leather journal. “You should take this.”
She bites her lip and looks around them. Her eyes go to the cars but she does not see any purple ones. She swivels her head around but she still cannot see anything. She bends down over his head to look in his eyes. “I don’t see it. Did we already pass it?”
“Damn. Okay. Let her up.” Tony pats Mari’s head before heading to the elevator.
“Good. After you.” She holds her arm out toward the door.
“Why do I feel like we keep having the same conversation over and over?”
“Alright, alright. Don’t get your American flag in a bunch. Just one more question.”
He barked out a surprised laugh. “Yeah. I’ve heard it called that too. Mainly by Tony. But I mostly use it to protect people. Myself, team mates, civilians. That’s what a shield does, it protects whoever is behind it.”
Tony takes back his hand and throws his legs over the edge of the bed. “No.” He runs his hand through his hair a few times. As he props himself against his knees he catches sight of something set on the bed side table. He turns and sees a sandwich with a mug of coffee next to it. He smiles, “You let me sleep in till lunch?”
“Think harder,” Tony hisses as he shoves Steve’s head further down his body.
“But then you met Daddy.”
“Weeeell, you know what they say, while the cat’s away the mice will play.” He comes over and looks over her shoulder. “So what are the mice doing?”
Tony arches an eyebrow and tilts his head at her. “Don’t like closets?”
“Marianna do not climb on the back of the sofa,” Steve says.
“Bruce?” she asks.
“I don’t know. Something about some science thing he had to check on.”
“Maybe next time leave out the meds and add the promise of more sugar.” Tony says.
She closes the folder and picks up her sketch book. “You’re the man from the museum right? Your picture is in Papa’s exhi-“
"I.e. we kicked his ass and he didn't like it," Tony says.
“Bye-bye Dr. Banner,” Mari says, waving at him.
“I want some pleeeeeaaaaaaseeee,” Mari yells back as she leaps off the jungle gym and races after Bucky.
Steve sighs and rubs at the back of his neck. “I guess you’re right. I just don’t want to lose you again.”
Tony thinks to himself as he punches the man again, feeling the nose break under his fist. The man returns with a punch to Tony’s side. It winds him and he gets a punch to the face, throwing him to the side. The man gets up and delivers a swift kick to Tony’s stomach. He then unclips a small spherical device from his belt. He hits a button in the center of it and tosses it up the center of the stairwell. He rushes back and hugs the wall a second before there is a thunderous boom that sprays apart the stairs above them.
The nurse nods and goes back through the doors. Once they’re alone Tony falls back against the cot and buries his face in his hands.
“But you can make lots of friends at school,” Steve says over his shoulder.
“I’d be more concerned with the former HYDRA asset with a twitchy trigger finger,” Bucky says as he aims the muzzle at him.
“Your Dad is fixing him. Stay here out of his way.”
“Why don’t you come out from under there?” Steve says. He waits but she does not move. “Come on. I know you are awake.”
Tears well up in her eyes. “My chest and tummy hurts…”
Tony gives him a tired annoyed look. “I was just thinking that girls are so much easier and cleaner.”
“No but Mari is my daughter. Not ‘I think of her as my daughter’, not ‘she feels like a daughter to me’. She is my daughter and I’m not going to give her up but she misses you two and Mari can only benefit from having more people in her life that love her. So, let me and Steve show you how much WE love her. We’ll bring her to visit or you can come to the tower, we want you to be part of her life.”
Bucky slowly rises from the couch. “Punk-”
“Training is an essential way of honing your skills and a great way of strengthening bonds amoung teammates.” Thor rips off a leg from the chicken and takes a bite.
Tony’s face twists into a scowl but before he can say anything Steve asks, “So Oscorp or somebody kept removing his profile every time you added it?”
“Ow. Leave me alone. I’m small and have to eat boring food.”
“And two floors down is not close enough?”
“Noooooooo.”
Tony growls and bucks his hips. “Take my damn clothes off already. And yours too while you’re at it soldier boy.”
Peggy smiles back.
Tony fights back a laugh. “Right. Aren’t we supposed to have eyes in the back of our heads too?”
She nods before running over to the couches. Tony glances between her and the fridge's surface before putting everything away. Mari comes to the end of the couch and stares up Hulk.
“No problem Kiddo.” He leans down and kisses her forehead. He turns off the lamp. “Night, night.”
“Tony!” says a woman’s voice.
She steps forward and shoves the bear in her arms at him. That’s when he notices the bandage wrapped around its head.
Tony instantly pales and sways on his feet. Steve stands and takes him by the arms to steady him.
She nods and turns back, holding the shield a little higher.
“Would you like to partake in some explosives tests?”
Tony stiffens. “And here I thought you were getting my motor running to have a quickie.”
She sits back up and looks at the sky and the tall buildings. Then she pouts and starts looking over Steve and herself. He shifts his hand and her shoe comes into view. She lets out a shout and points to her foot. “It’s the little glittery stars on my shoes!”
“They’re in Steve’s kitchen. I get squatter benefits!”
“I never said it was a bullet wound.”
“I know.” She averts her eyes to the shield, running her fingers over the surface. “It’s all just in my head.”
Tony chuckles as he puts the slush mix back in the freezer when Nat asks, “Wait. You’re a billionaire. What do you need the money for?”
“Sargent James Barnes.” Mari averts her gaze when the two men go ram rod still. Did she do something wrong again?
Anyway here's an extra long update to make up for lost time.
“Let’s run it under-“
“Not too many of those Kiddo.” He stands and steps back towards Aaron. “Only four, okay?”
A few minutes later the now severely beaten man is limping along a dock with Natasha following behind him. He stops in front of a concrete dock.
“Eventually it won’t feel like a shit hole. It’ll just be your life. Until then, we just need to find a reason to get us to the next day.” Sam meets each person’s eyes. “Okay. That it’s for today. Everyone stay safe out there.”
“What about you?”
Natasha smirks and takes another swig of punch from her cup.
He points down the hall and says in a harsh voice, “Now. Or you’ll be doing lines tomorrow about listening. Do you understand me?”
“Exactly, little! Nobody listens when you’re little, no one thinks you can do anything.” As she picks up steam she starts to speak faster and faster. All the times where she was brushed off or ignored coming to the forefront of her mind. The detectives that didn’t believe her, the CPS agents that wouldn’t listen, and the fosters that just didn’t care flashed through her mind one at a time. “It doesn’t matter how much smarter than them you are. As long as you’re saying stuff they don’t like, they don’t listen and bury you.” Bury you in the system where you’re just another number.
“Goodbye.” Steve kisses his cheek. He walks over, kisses the top of Mari’s head and then ruffles her hair. “Bye Kiddo. I love you.”
“He’s got a point though,” says Sam. “The only way to deal with this is to just talk to her.”
Bruce looks down at the small child sitting on the counter again. While they had been talking Mari had twisted around to look at the data. She was leaning in towards the screen and looking at the schematics of the chip. “Huh?”
“No!” She squeezes his thumb and wraps her other hand around his wrist. “We haven’t had snacks! We can still do apple crafts!”
Steve snakes a hand between them and presses at Tony’s perineum. With his other hand he pulls and pinches at a nipple. The inventor groans and finds himself sinking further down as he almost melts. He sighs in relief when he slips down that last inch, their hips meeting. Steve rubs soothing circles into his soft flanks as he adjusts.
Tony watches her but she doesn’t move. She just continues to stare at the door. “Kiddo?”
He smirks and switches out the plates. “How could you even tell that wasn’t the right plate? You don’t have your glasses.”
Steve puts a plate in front of Tony and sits on the other side of Mari with his own. “It still seems a bit excessive. Not all of those are related to her CKD. Should we have Bruce look at them?”
Tony frowns and steps into the shower. “You know, you’re starting to be a metaphorical as well as physical pain in my ass.”
“Right.”
“How you doing man?” Sam asks, leaning against the counter.
“How’s Tony and the Lieutenant doing?”
“You mean aside from my pride!?! Well I’m trying to seal up a hole in my security I didn’t even know was there and Jarvis continues to blare the Pokemon theme song every time someone says or spells “Gotcha”!”
“How about your behavior issues?”
“TONY!”
“We’re not bribing her for good behavior.”
“Steve?” Tony turns and he stands a little straighter. “You sure got here quick.”
“About eleven days with no sleep what’s so ever. With intermitted sleep that time could be extended. But the stimulant doesn’t just cause nightmares.”
She turned to him pleading, with guilt heavy in her eyes. “I wanted to stay. I tried to fight with you but every time I got near an enemy you’d push me back. And every time you’d turn to yell at me to run, you’d get hurt. I’m sorry. I should have stayed. I shouldn’t have left you behind. They took you back and wiped you. They did all those things to you that you hated. They made you empty again.” Finally the glassiness that he had seen earlier turned into a flood. Her shoulders shook as sobs racked her body. “I’m sorry. I should have made Clint turn around for you. I should have come back. I tried to look for you after I joined SHIELD but all I could find was a terminated mission report. And then when you showed up again in Odessa, when you didn’t even blink when you saw me...I was so glad you were alive but I knew you were gone. This was something they weren’t supposed to take but they did anyway! I’m sorry. I’m so sorry James!”
Bucky turns to Steve and opens his mouth only for Steve to interrupt with, “Don’t say it. You’re not going anywhere. Even Tony agrees with me on that. He’s just...being…”
“You couldn’t lead with that?” Steve asks.
“Positive.” He pulls her away to kiss her cheeks, nose, and forehead before crushing her to his chest again.
“Lay what on you?”
A loud grumbling catches her ear. She turns in time to see half a dozen men turn onto the street.
“I’ll be fine.” He shakes off Thor and starts to walk towards Hawkeye’s location. “It’s just a flesh wound. Gather these bastards up. Falcon, Wasp, fly up and survey the area. I don’t want this party to pick back up. Thor are there…were…the building…” He loses his footing and falls forward.
“You don’t even know what we did.”
He nods before unfolding the scrap of paper. It had a number and name inside.
Tony files out of the door with the two women behind him. Over his shoulder he calls, “I’ll be back as soon as I can Kiddo!”
They pass two floors when the man says, “I-I have money…”
“You are too. I’ll check back in when I’m back up top. Out.” She sighs and turns back to the screen.
They make it up the stairs and into the medical wing. The floor was mostly empty and Steve’s eyes quickly found Tony where he was being examined by Bruce and talking to Pepper’s secretary. As they got closer Steve could hear their conversation.
“First week with the mini Avenger,” Sam whispers back.
Steve’s shoulders tense and his mouth tightens into a thin line. “And!?!” Steve demands.
“Well don’t order her one.” Bucky reaches for his wallet but Steve stops him.
“Ya’d think but apparently paranoia is a common trait in these rich folks. Couldn’t figure it out through my normal means so the Count hired the great Chameleon to get the data I needed. If it makes ya feel better we weren’t expecting the rugrat to be there either.”
“Just stay quiet.” He plugs a flash drive into the computer.
Information swamps the screen on Tony’s phone. “You really think I was satisfied with just the paperwork social services gave us? They didn’t even have her birth certificate.”
“I make those too,” he chuckles.
Mari huffs and climbs back down. “Bucky Bear experienced a trume-attic brain injury. Part of his physics therapy includes balance training.”
“It’s no problem ma’am.” Steve kneels down and ducks his head a little. “Hello Mari. It’s nice to see you again.”
“They told us they weren’t giving her the medical care she needed.”
Tony looks indignant and opens his mouth only to pause when he hears the door open. He spins in his chair and sees Steve walk in. There is a spot of blood on his collar and his hair and clothes are in a disarray. Tony frowns. “You done running around New York?”
“Nope because I don’t have a wife. And she’s not my daughter.”
She rubs at her eyes and frowns down at the plate. Phil from Hercules stares up at her. She picks it up and holds it out to him. “I want Pooh Bear.”
“I have a couple questions first.” Hill walks up and bends down slightly. “About the man you saw?”
“I want to walk now.” She wiggles and tries to slide backwards but he tightens his grip around her legs.
Steve clenches his jaw and turns to the oven. He pulls out the chicken and puts it on a large plate with the last of the eggs. When he turns he sees Thor staring at him with a concerned frown. He sets the plate in front of him.
“Marianna Adaline Rogers-Stark you give me that cereal right now.”
“This is for you.” She holds the folder out to Steve who arches an eyebrow.
He smiles and runs his hands through her hair one last time. “You know, you weren’t this shy when we met at the agency. I remember a regular little chatterbox.”
Steve pulls back and flashes him a smile. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” He leans around Tony and looks at Mari, who had come up to stand in front of them, “What is it Kiddo?”
She slides under the covers a little further. “J-just don’t…”
Tony pulls Mari back to his chest and rocks her. He holds her tight until her sobbing softens and her breathing evens out. Tony looks up over her head when he hears footsteps approach.
Mari freezes and glances up at her.
They jump and look at her before Tony asks, “Why not?”
“Jarvis, what was that?”
Mari gasps and smiles up at him as the doors close.
“Hey!” The hipster shoots a glare between them. “I have a name you know!”
Steve puts a plate of eggs and bacon in front of Sam and Clint. While Clint stares at the contents Steve sets two plates in front of Tony and Mari and slides his own onto the counter so he can eat across from them, standing. He reaches across and ruffles Mari’s hair once she downs the last of her medication.
“She’s the one that brought it up not me. She wants to send them a letter. To let them know she’s okay.”
“Oh.” He takes the toy from the doctor. “Um…well it’s…great having you. I know Steve is over the moon to have you around. He’s been wanting a family for a long time.”
“You want to know why the tower is down?” Tony asks, turning indignant. “The tower is down because the system I have spent countless hours and millions of dollars on making unhackable GOT HACKED!”
“No,” Steve says as he swings his legs over the edge of the bed. “I’ll check myself.”
“And you broke your promise to Mari.”
“We have a child with a compromised immune system, I don’t know what is so hard to understand about that. I mean Clint shows up with a cold and a couple days later she’s at the doctor’s in the same spot.”
“Speaking of which,” says Ms. Flander as she hands Tony a thick file. Steve and Mari turn. “This is everything you need to know about her health conditions. You’ve already gone through training about how to work her dialysis machine but that has a current list of all her medications and numbers to her doctors. Read it and follow it closely.”
“They have a tofu dog. She might like that,” Steve says.
Bucky hesitantly followed behind her. As they passed the snack table Steve made a thumbs up gesture and turned it up and down with a questioning look on his face. When Bucky just shrugged he threw up his hands. Bucky flipped him off as they disappeared down the hallway, towards the bedrooms. Nat held open the door to the spare bedroom, and he stepped in. She followed after, closing the door.
“We gotta get to the park Daddy. If we hurry we can see the man that makes balloon animals!”
“Get a room!” says Sam as him and Bucky make their way to the couches.
Bucky is quiet for a moment before asking, “You’d really trust me to watch Mari?”
“Oh, um…” Mae turns to point at a crock pot that they had sat down on the floor when they went to embrace Mari.
Tony smiles and rubs her back.
She nods. “Two doors down, on the left."
Bucky only arches a brow at him before turning back to the man running the stand. “I’ll take two chili dogs with onions and extra cheese and two classics with everything on it.”
“I’m so sorry pip. I really am. I just ran off and I didn’t even call to tell you I was alright.”
“I wasn’t supposed to talk to that man was I? You and Daddy got upset when I told you I saw him.”
“Like kissing on the mouth?”
“What makes you think that?”
“Thank you Marianna. And can we please refer to the toy as it is, a magic mushroom.”
“Right away sir.” Happy pulls out into traffic after the click of Tony’s seat belt. “Everything in order?”
He grabs the camera off the counter and squeezes in between Rhodey and Steve onto the couch. Mari comes running around the end of the couch and climbs back onto Steve’s lap. Mari jiggles the box from Bruce by her ear, listening to the contents move around. Tony leans into Steve’s side and holds up the camera, angling it to fit the three of them in the picture. He smiles and says, “First family groupie!”
As the tower came into sight Bucky lost some of his bravado. He started to shift in the seat behind Steve the closer they got. Then when they pulled into the hangar he scans the room around him. As the hangar doors close, he turns to watch his last chance to change his mind slip away. Steve lays a hand on his shoulder bringing his mind back to the matter at hand.
“I don’t really think we have enough time to slip one in before someone walks in on us.”
“Good. The connection should be at its strongest now. Report back.”
“Yucky! Yucky! Yucky boy!”
“Oh yeah. Fury is gonna be up here soon.”
“So if you didn’t like kissing her why did you want to get married to her?”
“Yes but if you were afraid of the dark would you risk venturing out into a dark hallway in a strange in place to people you barely know.”
Mari turns to see the blonde girl looking her up and down.
“Here,” Bruce stands and holds out his arms. “Give her to me.”
Steve hung up the phone and ran back out of the jet and into the chaos. Tony and Mari were okay. It was time for Captain America to do his job. He shoots out of the jet and takes his shield from his back. He surveys the area and sees most of the commotion at the end of the compound. He rushes into the fray.
She walks out of his sight and soon Steve is there.
“It was a production okay," says Clint. "We had to give it a name. A lot of people lost a lot of money on you two.”
When Mari returns the gesture he gives a salute to Steve and Tony before leaving.
“Right. Better not put the idea in her head.”
“I know Kiddo, I’m sorry.” Steve leans over and takes her from his husband.
“Jarvis, lights on in the closet please.” From under the door they see the light come on. “Ok. On three. One. Two. Three.” He flings the door open and winces when Mari jerks back into his sore ribs.
Nat stares at the bullet before saying, “He had Mari pass on that file of Chameleon. Maybe he’s caught wind of what’s going on.”
“And the computers at the hospital. And taking apart the toaster at the group home, and the nurse’s pager, and-“
“Nuh-uh. You’re old remember.”
He looks around. “Hmmmmm…I spy with my little eye something purple and shiny.”
She squeals in delight and wriggles against his hold.
Tony tosses the cloth down and turns off the water. He leans on his hands against the counter glaring at his reflection. “What did you find on Chameleon?”
“Like a hit out on Steve?” asks Clint. “That’s the only thing I can think of that would lure him out of hiding.”
“No Mami-“ Ben began.
Steve slides an arm around his waist and lifts his left hand to entwine their fingers. “Then don’t talk. Just breathe.” He exaggerates his breathing so the rise and fall of his chest is easy for Tony to follow before he kisses where the vibranium band sits proudly on his husband’s finger. He then starts to move his hips in a slow sway. “And be wooed by my masculine wiles.” He punctuates his statement with a sensual roll against the inventor’s body and smirks. Tony does not respond but his breathing slows into a regular pace. Steve does not take his gaze off Tony’s eyes when he says, “Jarvis, put on my playlist. Track seventeen please.” He increases his swaying until they start to circle as soft music begins to play.
“O-oh but-Okay, okay. I’m coming.”
“Which is why Clint is directly below that,” adds Steve.
Tony sighs. “I just shut Tower Jarvis down so I can weed out this virus. Once it’s gone I’ll reboot him and he’ll be back to normal. The tower is just in a sort of factory mode right now, while I work.”
“Where-Where did you go?”
“HEY!” She glares at Bucky who just shrugs. She then turns to Tony who sits across from them and points at Steve who is putting the cereal back. “DADDY!”
The other man huffs and moves closer to look over the tech’s shoulder at the screen. “Is this encryption really that big of a problem? Surely you were already expecting some form of protection.”
“If you’d like to join us, the invitation is open,” she says.
“I’m not an it.”
“According to your memories, she is.”
“Well not all of it. I make extra since we usually have other people swinging through but yeah.” At Bucky’s stunned face he says, “Come on, you know the drill. It comes with the metabolism. Don’t you eat a ton?” Steve turns back to the stove and stirs at a pot of porridge.
“Three in the morning.”
“Well I mean...my five year old does it soooo…”
He gives Tony an exasperated smirk before ruffling Mari’s hair with a gentle hand. “I think we’ll be fine after some ice cream.”
“Change it?”
“You threw me off a bridge and ripped off my wing. You’re lucky the only kicking I’m doing is your butt off this team.”
“Justified Steve.” Bucky stands to face him. “He’s being justified. I killed his parents. Now you want me sleeping across the hall from his little girl.”
“Yep. The one and only.”
“Unbelievable,” says Sam. “I can’t take you super soldiers anywhere. Anyway, the others are thinking of heading to the sandwich shop on the corner. You up for it?”
After a minute Mari pulls away. “A-Are you going to come live with us now?” She asks between hiccups.
“Oh, no. I just nod when Tony nods.”
“Not anymore,” says a rather large little shit. The three bigger boys start walking away, and that’s when Bucky sees the toy robot the leader is carrying.
“I think sending her to a school that only offers three foreign languages rather than four isn’t going to hinder her from doing that.”
“Touché.” He walks into the elevator behind Tony and fidgets.
“Ha! I would never sign off on such insane risks, but you should feel free to engage in any crazy behavior you like.” Dr. Wu takes an x ray that an assistant hands him and holds it up to the light. “Besides, from what I hear, Ironman has not been jumping into battle as often as he used to.” The doctor gives him a sideways glance with a small smile on his face.
"No I'm not cute or no I can't have a cookie? Because both will make me cry."
“And I broke my promise to Mari.” Steve lifts his head to look at him, trying to soften his gaze as much as he can and pulls Tony back into the dance. “I was being selfish. I’m sorry. So, so sorry. Can you forgive me?”
“Because I want you to know you’re safe here. I know this is all still new and strange to you but you are safe.”
“Let me take her.” Clint takes Mari from Tony and props her on his hip. “I can teach you sign language.” He slips her glasses off the front of Tony’s shirt and puts them on her face. As he heads towards the door they hear him say, “We’ll start with F and U.”
“Sure.”
“HA! You brilliant little troublemaker!” Tony pinches her cheeks and brushes their noses together.
Peggy laughed. “You have a small point there but he still had to go through basic without the serum. And he did better than any of the other men. Not because he was stronger or faster but because he had compassion and he was smart and from what I hear you are quite the intelligent little girl.”
“But it will raise your iron levels so drink up.”
“I should depart now before my attire suffocates your little one. Good day my friends.” Thor nods to them then turns and walks toward the exit.
“Yeah. She didn’t go into much detail but that would explain some things.”
“Yeaaaaaaaah.” Mari says, screwing up her face.
“You mean acclimated, and any reason sounds like a reason for you to go to Disneyland,” says Tony.
“I know it sucks being sick but we just want to keep you as healthy as possible,” says Steve.
“Yeah meanie,” Sam says around a mouthful of food.
“Go to bed. We’ll come to tuck you in, in a sec.” Tony kisses her head one more time before going to the table.
“The pot is ready for whoever put it on,” he says.
“Mari is smart. Maybe her mother taught her the basics and theories and she adapted.”
“Really?”
Steve holds up his hands in defeat and follows Peggy’s son up the stairs.
“Wait, stairs?” Clint asks. “Are we really gonna climb seventy five flights of stairs plus another thirty to get to our floors?”
“I'll take care of this one while you work on that,” Natasha says as she steps forward to take the tech away.
“Then why are you being so def-“
“She kind of got into a little fight at the park today.”
Tony scrunches his face up in thought for a moment before twisting into a wicked smirk. “Depends. After running around New York all day, you still have enough energy to pound me into the mattress?” He pushes his hips forward so Steve can feel his stiffening cock.
“Well if you had paid attention to the reminders and memos I sent you, you’d know that it was today.”
They share a kiss before going their separate ways.
Tony opens his mouth to say something but frowns when Steve bolts in the direction Mari points. He grumbles and stands, keeping Mari perched on his hip. “Steve. Steve!” He sighs and turns to Mari who will not look at him.
