He’ll never admit this, but it was probably his longest running relationship since… well, actually, ever.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh my god, you’re really caught up about that, aren’t you?” Aaron snorted, “Look, it was just cause I was tailing you, but right time, right place, I would for sure flirt with you.”
That made him pause. Guilt washed through Sam, Benny… had meant something more to Dean that he comprehended.
Dean gave him a funny look for a second, but it faded as he suddenly remembered more of Cas’ antics. And suddenly it felt so obvious to Sam. His brother was in love. And that’s fucking amazing.
Dean frowned at Cas’ possessive tone, but he didn’t object when he pulled down Dean’s jeans and boxers.
Dean bites his lip as Ash comes with a cry, and he lets himself go a few moments later.
(See the end of the chapter for
“W-what is it? What’s wrong?”
If Angels don’t have genders then why the fuck can’t I like Cas?! Dean reasons with himself.
Ash looked up at him, and Dean swallowed harshly. He knew that look, he’s seen it way too many times, it’s the ‘we’re
Shit.
Aaron quickly melted into the kiss, wrapping a hand around the back of Dean’s neck.
So when Benny kissed him hungrily after a few weeks of travelling with Cas, ready to take the edge off, like they always did, Dean pulled away guiltily.
was the final name on the list, it was circled as well as being larger than the rest…
Then suddenly none of that shit mattered, because who can worry about labels in Purgatory? It was life and death. Love, sex, friends, enimies, who the fuck cares?
He gave Dean a look that seared into his soul, an unspoken challenge, fuck with me and see what happens. Dean took on the challenge gracefully, making Wells call out for the God Dean knew wasn’t in heaven.
Sure, it probably wasn’t the ideal for most people, but this is the way Dean lived. Always has been, always will be. And maybe, liking guys, doesn’t have to change that. Maybe it isn’t such a big deal after all.
“For me? Oh goodie.” He says sarcastically, making a calculated move toward a knife in the corner of his eye.
It must’ve gotten it wrong. Mixed up romantic love with brotherly love. He tries to tell himself, but he knows that monsters like this don’t make those kinds of mistakes.
to remind me I’m
he figured
It was fucking amazing, saying it out loud. It felt… freeing, like a whole world of possibilities opened up to him.
His senses were on high alert, as if waiting for someone else to appear, but the only noise he could hear was the insistent buzz of the fluorescent bathroom light, and the only thing he could see was his green eyes staring back at him.
“That was helpful…” Cas determined in his gravelly voice, “Thank you.”
The next day Ash had pulled off Dean's jacket, when it hit the floor there was a loud bang. Dean sat up with a jolt.
Sam’s eyes bulged once again “Crowley?! Oh that’s just disgusting.”
He was spit out on earth, and every instinct in him screamed at him to go back, to save Cas, to save his angel. But he couldn’t.
Benny didn’t.
Cas pulled his fingers out, and lined himself up with Dean, hitting Dean’s prostate with every thrust. Dean later discovers it’s an unintentional part of the angelic lineup, so he can literally thank God for it.
It hurt Benny too, he could see it in his eyes. And that was almost worse... without Cas, being with Benny felt… incomplete. So when Sam gave him an ultimatum, Benny or him, Dean told himself it was the right thing to say goodbye, but he really knew, in his heart of hearts, he was doing it to protect himself.
The qaeer draws its arm back, and Dean flinches, ready for the pain of his heart being ripped out.
“What? No man it’s just-” Aaron backtracked but cut himself off, “Okay, look, when you appear at my doorstep at 2 in the morning, then, yeah, I kind of expected something to have gone down.” He finished with a laugh.
Dean’s eyes widen in surprise, and his gaze lingers on Ash’s crotch for a second too long.
remind you you’re human.” Cas whispered, dropping to his knees.
Dean sat up, almost asking him to stay, but as quickly as he was there he was gone.
“It’s done.” He announces, “I knifed it’s heart. Anything interesting happen down here?”
“What the hell?”
Dean came unraveled under Cas, hissing due to overstimulation as Cas continued to thrust a few times before coming inside him.
Dean sighed, laying back and going to sleep.
the time for this self-reflection bull.
“Bi.” Dean said nonchalantly, as if it wasn’t the first time he’d ever admitted that to another soul.
Before S1: Owen, Greg, Jamie, Isaac
“Yeah go for it.”
“You enjoy meaningless flings, and we are comfortable with each other, you seemed an obvious choice.”
S1: Caleb (Bartender)
He was about to return the list when he glanced at the back of the page and was caught off guard by more names…
But nothing could have prepared him for the angel appearing in his room, and simply asking Dean. “Will you have sex with me?”
Wait.
Sam grinned, looking between the two of them.
“Maybe.” Dean smirks, sounding a lot braver than he felt.
“Benny isn’t meaningless, he’s… helping us.” Dean said, before a sudden wave of anger rolled over him. “And Cas you don’t get to fucking judge me, I’m just trying to survive this place.”
The qaeer lunches again, this time pinning Dean against the wall, crushing his neck. Dean gasps for air in vain, grabbing at it’s hand.
And that was how it went for a while, Cas and Dean fooled around, while Benny waited patiently, offering to join in, always directed to Cas. But Cas always said no, that was until one day he said yes.
“Good timing Sammy.” Dean whispers to himself, rubbing his throat.
S5: Digger Wells
Ash chuckles, he’s already lit another blunt, “You’re not too bad yourself mi amigo.”
“Fuck.”
“I fucking knew it.” Sam exclaimed, sitting down on Dean’s bed.
S3: Alex Doublemint
Panic bloomed in Dean’s chest. In purgatory, sex was sex, and love was love, and there was no one there to judge him, but now they’re back on earth, and Cas’s hopeful gaze suffocated him.
Then Sam gets addicted to demon blood and he doesn’t know what to do. So when a cute FBI agent likes rock n’ roll, and old cars, and him, he decides fuck it. That’s how he ends up under the spell of Nick Monroe, who ends up being a siren… Great taste in men, as you can see.
Jo giggles, and leaves Dean alone, after a second Ash opens the door, peeking his head through. “Yo.”
Sam choked on air.
I lowkey made myself sad writing this bc I started to ship Dean and Isaac whoops
He didn’t get the chance to hook up with any more guys that year, and for the first time ever he allowed himself to acknowledge he was kind of upset about it.
“I know.” Cas cut him off. “I have to go.”
Dean thought about that night a lot over the next few years, he tried to forget the way his heart soared when Cas kissed him, when Cas accepted him. Before Cas fucked everything up.
into dudes?”
“Ohmygosh
Cas looked down, abashedly, “I heard sex helps one forget their problems.”
“I’m a moron.” Sam groans, reading on.
“It’s good to see you back, buddy.”
With Ash it feels easy, it’s simple, fun, good.
He flew right in front of Dean, pulling him into a searing kiss before he could pull away. Dean melted into him.
They locked eyes, and Dean held his breath, they were each waiting for each other to make a move.
Cas scoffed, “Nothing. I just- I should've known, even in here you’d find a meaningless person to fuck.”
So he hooks up with the Doublemint twins, Alex and Tanya, he even asks Sammy for a lift. That turned out to be a shitty idea as Sam walked in on Dean with his dick in a man’s ass, and they spent the ride back in stark silence.
Sam looked at him with an indecipherable expression, “I never want to see that much of you ever again.”
“What?” Ash asked, concerned.
Dean raised his eyebrows if if to say 'really?'
Sam read the first few names, his eyebrows furrowed, he recognized those names…
Jesus, is this what being emotionally available is like?
So he decides to make his year worth while with booze and girls… and maybe guys.
Set in S2 (Obviously)
Still, when a cutie a bar makes him literally fall over a table with just a smile, he sorta wants to break his pact, and when that cutie turns out to kind of be a badass, and save him and Sam’s asses, he really wants to break the pact.
S7.5 (Purgatory): Benny Lafitte
Set mainly in S8 E13
“Cas, don’t you think a girl would be a better choice?”
“It is good to be back.”
S10 (As Demon!Dean): Crowley, Ken/James/Tyler (Triplets ;) ), Jackie, JJ, Lance, Patrick, Harv
I mean, it’s not as if straight guys can’t appreciate an attractive man, and his attractive arms, and lips, and… ass. Dean shook his head, that's totally rational.
The qaeer jumps from behind a storage rack, punching straight through the wall where Dean’s head used to be.
“Motherfucker.” Sam mutters to himself after looking for his ipod for fifteen minutes.
Set in S1 E16
“I- uh- I just gotta know man, when you were flirting in that bar, was it real, or strictly business?” Dean answered quietly.
The fake Cas smirks, leaning forward until his face is hovering inches in front of Dean’s. Dean blushes despite himself, his heart hammers in his chest.
“Of course Dean, your bisexuality makes no difference to me at all.”
Dean twists out of the monster's grasp and it punches the air, another unsuccessful attempt at getting his heart.
“I did find riding on the carts particularly enjoyable.” Cas commented sincerely, and Dean barked out a laugh.
that’s ridiculous. Utterly stupid in fact.
Dean swallows harshly. Did he?
Dean looked at him sympathetically, “Cas you know if you need help-”
He pulls the condom off, throwing it into Ash’s bin, and collapses onto the bed.
“Gender isn’t a matter of importance in terms of angelic attraction.”
Dean tried, he really, really tried, but Cas didn’t make it out.
Years earlier he’d walked in on Dean in a… less than innocent situation with twins. He always thought the one under Dean seemed kind of… manly.
Dean chuckled, “That’s useful.” He yawned.
Dean’s breath shallowed, “What the fuck. H-how do you-?”
Sam’s smile widened. “I’m glad you guys had fun together… really glad.”
Then, with a click of Cas’ fingers, they were cleaned up.
. You got me a
“I… am bisexual.” Dean whispered to himself.
Sam glanced up, swallowing harshly, he knew he shouldn’t continue, but his curiosity got the better of him.
“We’re not anything.” Cas growled, “Please, go ahead, I’ll keep watch.”
Awkward silence stretched out, filling the room with a tension that seemed almost tangible.
“And just one more,” Naomi said, tapping at her clipboard. “How’s working with Dean going?”
“He was a good man. The world was better with him in it.”
“So, Dean, outside of your glamorous life as a bachelor,” Benny paused, his eyes glimmering as his southern drawl thickened, “what do you do?”
Cas was gone and he’d loved him back.
He stood up and walked to join Sam.
“I’m Michael,” he said in a silky voice.
“No,” he said finally. “He’s my best friend, man. The djinn got it wrong.”
to go first. Still, Cas was glad they were getting it over with. Better to go now when his heart was still beating then in about twenty minutes when it had stopped completely.
And then Jack stopped and turned back to the Winchesters, his eyes focused on Dean. And that’s when it hit him. Jack knew. Jack knew what Cas had said. Jack knew Dean needed to say it or the second Cas was back everything would just go back to normal.
He heard his brother mutter, “Oh.”
“Thank you,” he said as he stood up and took her arm.
Cas had softly opened the door as usual, crossed the room quickly and laid a hand on his forehead. Everything had been so easy between them since Purgatory, even with all the pain swirling through the halls of the Bunker. He’d whispered a few soft words and smoothed back Dean’s sweat slicked hair.
That would be no life, though. Life was life because of all the intricacies, all the hurt, all the pain. That’s what made the peace possible. Life was theirs, now. Because of everything they’d been through. There was no Chuck anymore, no cosmic plan, fate they couldn’t escape. All their suffering, all their fear, all their worry, all their love and joy and pride was just
In the bathroom, Cas slipped the thin material over his head, his chest starting to feel tight again. He made sure all the velcro was tight (he didn’t want it to slip before it was
At Dean’s question, the guy rolled his eyes, his face going hard. Then he looked at the floor without a word. So, awkward
She paused for a second, then seemed to gather herself. “Alright, Dean. Well, we’ll take your suitcases to the house if you end up staying tonight. How are you feeling?”
Anger was starting to take over now, his blood boiling as he stared fixedly away from Sam and Cas, eyes burning into the wall.
“He made a deal,” Jack supplied. His voice was tight with emotion. Dean risked a glance up at him. He looked just as alone as Dean felt. His father had been taken from him. “To save me,” he continued. "When he experienced a moment of true happiness, he would be taken.”
And Cas… well, Cas was the kind of man you didn’t want to cross. The kind of man who was always one step ahead, who always had a strategy, an endgame. He was not the childish man with a soft smile in that picture.
“Come on.”
“Don’t you know?” Cas added, spreading his hands and squinting in a way that sent Dean’s heart pounding.
Lamp guy looked up as he approached, his eyes trailing over Dean, sizing up the competition.
“Where will we go?”
“So?” Benny said.
Dean frowned. “What?”
Dean bit his tongue and stared straight ahead as Crowley moved around to stand in front of him.
Dean followed his gaze and his heart stopped. “What the fuck?”
Dean uncrossed his arms and ignored the way Cas was squinting at him. “That’s different,” he said finally.
When Sam didn’t answer, Sonny asked again, this time commanding, sure. So Sam told him. He told him about Jack. Told him about Chuck. Told him about Cas, or what little he knew. Then he told him about that day. About the vamp hunt. About Dean’s choice. The choice that ended it all.
After a second, Ketch nodded and waved over a PA.
“Something I gotta do,” he called as he walked away. “Tell Mom I love her. And I’ll be back.”
“Should I read the solo up to the groups of four, or the other way?” she asked seriously, looking over their heads at Chuck.
Dean went to the producers and started making a list of different foods he wanted ordered. Garth went and sat by the pool, dipping his feet in without even rolling up his jeans. And Cas? He went upstairs to find his book, the one form of entertainment allowed in.
“What Mr. Winchester means,” Cas stepped in smoothly, “Is thank you for coming tonight.”
Part of him wondered if Crowley had a point. He’d gotten away from the rough side of the city. Had made something of himself despite what everyone thought. Was happy, was helping people. And now he was here.
Cas took a bite of his toast and regarded him thoughtfully. “Cowboys?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.
“I feel like some guys really know where they stand going into this, and some don’t. It’s scary, for sure. I already know where I’m going and I still feel the nerves.”
“Hi!” she said enthusiastically, glancing around the room. “How’s everyone feeling?”
“This is my brother,” came the response. Sam cleared his throat again. “I’ll be over there in a few, okay? We can get a game plan together, and then we’re getting my brother out. We’re getting him out, alive.”
Lisa stepped forward and smiled warmly at them. “If you guys are a little nervous, that’s okay. This is about trust. It’s about showing me why you’re here, and showing me you can have a great time. I don’t expect you guys to be great at it,” the guys all chuckled here and she joined in, “But I expect you to have fun with it.”
He heard shouts behind him, chaos erupting as the body was found. He smiled grimly to himself and rolled his eyes. Then he hopped into his truck and drove away.
“Gun’s cleaner,” he muttered into the empty room.
His new visitor entered the room slowly, as if waiting for Dean to turn his head. When she finally entered his field of vision he felt white hot anger course through him. It was the girl from the alley. Stella, apparently.
his mind said. A constant loop, trying to pull him away from Cas. He wanted to say it out loud, to force himself to see it. Instead, he breathed softly, “Cas.”
He lifted himself up slightly and let his lips brush against Cas’. Cas tensed above him, but almost immediately he relaxed into Dean, pressing them closer together and letting their lips move in sync.
“I told you,” Cas said simply. “I love you. And if you’ll have me, I’ll always come back.”
“What do you think your family will say when they see you get the first rose?”
So, yes. They could have been happy. Could have had it all.
As soon as Lisa had left the room producers had swept in, directing people all over the place. Hannah pulled him aside again into the same room for an interview and he rolled his shoulders to ease his aching back before smiling into the camera.
“How could you-” Sam started, before taking a shaky breath. “What the hell happened, Dean? What aren’t you telling me?” Sam’s words spilled out over each other like they’d been in his mind for a long time. Not like they’d been rehearsed or planned, but like the thoughts had been rolling around for so long that they made it out of his mouth without the proper words attached to them.
Then Lisa walked forward with the clipboard in her hand. “Ready to find out how you’re stripping tonight?” she said playfully, winking at Michael who was standing in the front of the group.
Mr. Autry cleared his throat and took a champagne before glancing between them. “So, ah, how did you two meet?”
“Why don’t you fill Cas in while I pack?” he said before standing. Dean watched him as he left. His hands had started to tremor a little, and he was sure his face was bright red. But at least Sam had given him the chance to say no. To fuck it all and live in misery for the rest of his life.
“Wake up, Cas,” he tried again, his voice strained and desperate.
He saw Cas’ face fall when Dean said he couldn’t stay.
Cas’ eyes shone in the dark and Dean watched his throat move as he gulped, his hands tightening on Dean’s shirt. “Can you stay with me?”
he thought immediately. But he didn’t say it. He hadn’t even processed the fact that Cas was gone yet, much less that he was in love with-
He knew it wasn’t real the second he woke up. Knew he’d been poisoned, he was lying in some warehouse somewhere, having the life drained from him. Because when he woke up, he wasn’t alone. Castiel was laying next to him.
God, they say people do crazy shit on the first night but the thinking behind that one…
He grunted in pain and tried to stay focused as her fists struck him over and over. Everything went fuzzy and black, but he maintained a thin thread to reality. It wasn’t too hard when he pictured Cas’ eyes. Piercing blue cutting through the red hot pain.
When everything was set up, the doors to the mansion opened and they could hear Lisa’s high heels on the tile so they all looked up to see her walk in.
The confusion on Cas’ face grew, his eyes squinting and his head tilting even further and suddenly Dean didn’t want to laugh anymore.
And every time he heard their piercing screams in his ear. But he could deal with those. He couldn’t deal with the small whimpers, the pleading, the defeat. The sound of a small child gasping as he dug the razor further into their neck, his eyes clouded over as he tried to be somewhere else. Because if he was in the moment, if he let himself be there, then he knew he would enjoy it. His sick, twisted mind would enjoy it. Even when he wanted to turn the razor on himself.
Dean raised an eyebrow and smirked. His heart was starting to pound less fervently against his rib cage and he felt in control again. “Nine and a half,” he said with a wink.
The people at these things always looked the same. Black tuxes, plunging necklines, scandal practically oozing off of them.
He laughed and a couple of the guys joined him. When it was quiet again, he said, “Well, I hate to steal you away from here, but it is time for your first rose ceremony.”
Cas’ face twisted into a sob, but he smiled through it, his forehead never leaving Dean’s as their cries mixed together.
He glanced at Dean just one more time, and then turned to face the crowd.
“Hello, Sam. What can I help you with?”
His mind drifted back to his audition tape, to his interviews, to the part that would definitely be aired with the first episode. His eyes widened when he found out who it was, a broad grin splitting his face that even he couldn’t control.
“Castiel?” The guy had said it like it was a totally normal name, not something out of the goddamn bible.
Eventually, Cas got it. It wasn’t that difficult, the rip-away pants and shirt came right off. Dean’s eyes burned into him the whole time, and he pretended he didn’t notice. Pretended he didn’t see his eyes jerking away as soon as Cas looked up at him.
After what seemed like an eternity, Cas finally untangled himself from Dean and stood. He quickly pulled on sweats and a t-shirt and gestured for Dean to do the same.
Dean’s eyes narrowed and he looked down at the table to harden his face before Sam could see his reaction. When he looked back up, Sam’s smirk had disappeared to be replaced with that stupid soft puppy dog look. “No.”
“Okay. I promise.”
He leaned his head back against the wall, the cold floor becoming uncomfortable beneath him. He wouldn’t leave tonight. He could stay alive. If only to stand up to Chuck when he had nothing left.
ringing around in his head with no way out.
how we feeling now that it's canon bitches
Cas gulped and silently cursed. Great. Panic attack on national TV and in front of De- Lisa--check. His Bachelorette Bucket List was going great.
Most of them were looking incredulously at the stage, laughing nervously and cheering while their eyes opened to the fact that
He could almost hear his voice, low and soothing but radiating power.
“Hey, I got something,” Sam said, slamming the door closed. Dean turned around, barely even nodding to his brother before his eyes were back on Cas.
He kept turning to Cas and winking, giving him little pats on the back, hyping him up. And Cas didn’t want to admit it, but it did help… just a little bit.
He hadn’t spent long looking at them though. His eyes always found their way back to Cas. Just like they always had. But now it was okay, it was allowed.
“Husband,” Dean corrected automatically. Then he paused, frowning. “Crowley’s last name… is Delfino?” He snorted. “What was he adopted?”
He shrugged and steeled himself. She was alive, she was okay. He stood and turned back to face the door, and his heart froze. Crowley and two of his men stood there. Crowley had his hands in his pockets, and there was a smirk on his face as he took the situation in.
She stumbled backward, the fury fading from her eyes and some of the reason returning. Her hand went for the knife in her jacket and he swatted it away, following up his advantage and landing on top of her, hands at her throat.
And then he was gone. Moving on to the other three and leaving Dean to shake himself off before he greeted the group of four guys walking toward him. Andy, Michael, James, Benny… the names flew in one ear and right out. He might never see these people again, anyway. Why get to know them?
He noted a few familiar faces. Benny was sitting on the couch striking up a conversation with a shorter guy with brown hair. Lamp guy was in the corner by himself, sipping on a cocktail already.
“Let’s do this.”
Sam and Jack were somewhere ahead of them, already sliding to a stop at the bottom of the hill. He felt like it had been minutes, sitting here with Cas wrapped around him. In reality, it couldn’t have been more than twenty seconds.
Cas walked up to her, his face still serious with maybe the barest hint of a smile at the corners of his lips.
“He did a damn good job.”
“Okay, which of you is going on the winning sled?” Dean asked playfully, taking the now empty hot chocolate cup he had shared with Cas and tucking it into the bag he’d brought. Sam handed him the other one and Dean shoved it in too before looking up as Jack spoke.
He knew why though. He could never have that, could never have him. Waves washed over the hole in his heart that would never be filled. Pain, sadness, emptiness, they washed into it and then slipped away as the waves receded.
“Yeah,” Jay continued, “Just simple stuff, makes you look better on stage. Now, c’mon. Let’s finish up here.”
Lies didn’t make anything better.
Dean jerked his glance away and looked at Benny.
But Dean was gone. Forever this time.
Cas shook his head, a motion so slight Dean wouldn’t have caught it if his eyes weren’t glued to him. “Because if I see what Heaven’s become- what I- what I made of it,” he hesitated, his eyes never leaving Dean’s but a hint of fear entering them, “I’m afraid I might kill myself.”
He ran the card quickly, his brain trying to think of a good goodbye. Ash was already making the drink and he could feel Charlie’s eyes on the back of his head.
“Of course,” he said again. “Are you ready now? We can stay here for a minute if you need to.” He kept his voice low and soothing, looking into Cas’ eyes for any sign of fear or rejection, any sign that he wasn’t really here.
They couldn’t hear anything, but they saw Lisa’s face light up in a mix of intrigue and confusion.
It hurt like hell. His wrists were already rubbed raw and his shoulders were tight from being held back at that angle. And on top of that, his jaw was throbbing from the blows and the confrontation in the alley.
Dean leaned forward and cupped Cas’ face in his hand, wondering if the angel had always leaned into his touches like this. If he’d always been this vulnerable, this malleable, this shaky when Dean was so close. Or maybe it was just now. Now when everything is different.
Dean tried to say as little as possible to respect Lisa’s privacy, but he knew it was all inevitably going to get out when the show aired. The producers were a bunch of sick fucks, grateful as he was to be on the show.
In an instant, Cas was on him, all his composure gone. He gripped Balthazar by the collar and looked into his eyes. The eyes of a man he would trust with his life. “He’s not a sidepiece,” he said, his voice low.
When the nightmares came, it was always Cas who answered his screams. Even if they were silent, pleas spoken within his soul, the angel would come.
There was too much to say. Too much to explain. Too many memories to relive. And they had all the time in the world. So Dean didn’t say anything at all. Instead, he slipped his hand into Cas’ and led him to the flat rock. He hopped up and patted the space next to him, waiting for Cas to get settled before he leaned onto his shoulder.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, Dean got the hang of it in like two seconds. The shirt came off and he whipped it in the air like a lasso before looking at Cas and blushing. Cas just stared back, eyes wide.
He could worry about staying in shape later.
“Cas?” he whispered. There was nothing on the other end, just silence.
Dean walked over to the mirror, snatching the waistcoat up from the bed on his way. He shrugged it over his shoulders, almost buttoning it before he remembered his tie. He’d brought a silver collar pin (no, Sam didn’t know about that one) and he fastened it quickly before looping the tie around his neck.
“I’m fine, Dean.”
“Look, I’m still kind of getting over Lisa and-”
“You brought presents?” Dean whistles through his teeth. “I appreciate it, man. Though I don’t think we have anything for you beyond some breakfast. Sorry, man. This was a little short notice.”
Dean frowns in confusion, “No? It does?”
And that’s nothing but the truth, so Dean doesn’t comment and instead does his best to make up the places he’s lost due to the cold start.
“She?”
, Dean!”
Cas smiles again, then. “She is quite competent, isn’t she?”
, but what about next time? What about the moment when Amara decides that getting to Dean via his friends and family is the way to go? He runs a hand through his hair. If anything happened to Jess… to any of his friends… he’d never forgive himself.
They play in silence for a bit, Dean trying to get the hang of the game while Charlie easily passes him twice.
Nat watches him silently and slightly disapprovingly for a moment, then she shrugs. “Well, you would’ve been on the bottom of the ocean still, so I guess you might be forgiven for not knowing that there was an apocalypse centered around them. It was quite the buzz. Not SHIELD’s proudest moment.”
Cas looks puzzled like he’s expected something else and has trouble following Dean’s train of thought. “Dean, that’s not an issue. We can share a bed. That’s what couples are supposed to do anyway, isn’t it? And we’ve moved into this house as a couple.”
It’s a tone Dean knows. It’s the tone he uses when he asks a suspect about some monster. He frowns. “The kind that happen
Cas himself would like to sink into the ground and be forgotten. Or walk in the middle of their trek with Missouri. Anything but be here.
“Okay,” Bucky confirms and leans back in until his head is resting on Steve’s chest.
“Yeah,” Dean nods.
“So we slept in the buff?” Bucky asks back, clearly surprised but not necessarily shocked.
Charlie tightens her arms around his neck when he whispers something into her ear. She nods and pats him on the back. “No worries, Cas. Or, no more worries than necessary.” She gives them both a halfhearted thumbs-up before turning back to her car. “Oh, and guys,” she turns back around to them once more. “You should talk. With your lips and stuff. With words or without, I don’t care. But you should let your lips speak. Yep, you should do that.” She points an accusing finger between the two of them. “Figure this out!”
“You’re drinking on your own? In a motel room? Jesus, man. You sure you’re okay?”
. Very cute actually. And now that Dean thinks about it, he may have caught Cas glancing in his direction once or twice. And there seems to be a vague recollection of blushing as well. On both sides. Cause Dean may or may not have checked out Castiel’s booty more than once. And the rest of him as well. Dean can feel his cheeks heating up just thinking about it.
Steve groans. “They’re our neighbors! We can do this without breaking and entering.”
“Well, if one or both of you were mentally incompetent…”
"Kinda."
“Yes, Dean,” Cas answers, drawing out the answer like he’s already exasperated by this whole deal. “I think them nice. It was very considerate of Steve to bring us lemonade.”
They fight their way forward step by step. Fortunately, the movement seems to clear Dean’s head a little. He’s reasonably sure that he’s got at least a mild concussion and that something is off with his ribs because breathing still hurts. But it doesn’t feel like he’s drowning and his breath isn’t rasping, so in all likelihood, even if it’s worse than a bruise, his lungs didn’t get pierced and that’s good enough for him. He decides not to dwell on the fact that he knows the difference by feel.
Dean can’t honestly be saying what Cas thinks he’s saying. “Do you still believe you’d be forcing yourself on me?” Dean has to know by now that that’s untrue.
He nods and gets to pouring all of them a mug. They both smile at him, but he can see their unrest in the tight lines of their shoulders and the way the tension around their eyes bleeds into the rest of their expression. Well, Dean doesn’t think he’s any better.
Mental faculties mostly restored also means that Dean can feel how he blushes to the roots of his hair. “You
“Spit it out, old man.”
“Yeah,” Steve nods. “But we never talked about - not until after we also already had ‘a crack in our chassis’. And sometimes I wonder whether…” He breaks off.
The head tilt indicates a no. Or at least some mounting confusion. When really, Cas should get it. It’s not like Cas doesn’t have the same interest in being useful.
“Care to explain?” he asks lowly. He doesn’t appreciate interference in his operations.
“Nah, Cas, not how it works,” Dean shakes his head. “It’s Christmas, everyone gets their favorite. So. Pancakes, French toast or omelette?”
“Dean, are you - are you sure? We’re only going to get that one appointment.”
That makes eyebrows rise on both sides of their porch. “You were?”
Cas brings two mugs of coffee and puts a big plate of pancakes on the table before he sits down as well. There is a big bottle of maple syrup, too. The good stuff. That is actual syrup from actual Canadian maples and not just sugar.
“Yes, Cas. I’ll still want to hear it. I want to know all the good parts and all the bad parts. Want to be there for you.” Like Cas is there for him. But that doesn’t even need saying it is so self-evident.
“Dude, you’re not one of those, are you? Who do nothing but ram other people off the road?”
The touch is gone so fast, that it doesn’t even have time to register, but it is enough to leave Dean dazed. What the fuck did just happen?
“I’m guessing you recognize him then.”
“Tell me one reason why I should,” Cas snaps exasperatedly. “Why I should even make the effort when Gabe will never get the chance to live his life. To laugh again. To breathe again. When he’ll forever be dead.”
“I’m aware,” Cas bites.
“Today,” Cas nods. “Not for the actual - procedure. Just to talk. Negotiate, uhh, a deal.”
“So you don’t believe the telemarketing thing, either?” Because Dean definitely doesn’t believe it.
, huh?” Dean asks and checks on the burger patties just to hide the blush that the topic brings.
Sam huffs, “Hey Cas, I hope he doesn’t drive you insane.”
Steve closes his eyes and schools his features into something that he hopes shows warmth and none of the despair that clutches his heart. “Friends, Buck. We were best friends.”
Cas frowns at him. “Dean, you
Cas shrugs. “It’s your house, too.”
It’s still new and bright, the taste of Bucky, and Steve can’t help but lick and suckle at his lips, trying to taste and memorize as much of him as he can. Bucky follows his lead easily, opening his mouth ever so slightly, letting Steve roam and taste to his heart’s content.
“Sam,” Dean nudges his brother who’d been watching the interaction with a grim face. He holds a knife in front of his nose. “Vegetables.”
Yeah, that sounds a little less than the full truth.
“I’ll leave my door open?” Cas makes it a question.
“You better not park my car so that it gets harmed! I still need it!” Cas immediately chastises.
“Seriously, how can SHIELD afford having Captain America spend his time looking at
“That obvious, huh?” Dean laughs and tries to play it off as not that big of a thing.
Dean nods. “And I’ll never get it. She made it pretty clear that she wants me. Or to put it in her words, that ‘
“And – do you have someone?”
I tell you, Dean? You made it very clear that you were just passing the time with your conquests until your soulmate showed up. And you are my best friend, too, Dean. I didn’t want to lose you, either.”
Dean’s known that Cas doesn’t always trust himself. That he keeps a tight leash on his emotions. He hadn’t known any of this.
“Is there any other car that’s even worth mentioning?” Dean scoffs. He picks the keys up from their bowl and throws them to Claire. “But you be careful with her, okay? She's a lady.”
He lets the sentence stand and Cas has no idea what to answer. Seems to him that it isn’t a particularly great piece of luck to meet someone you like and then have them commit suicide not even half a year later.
“Your mom never told you that you shouldn’t get into a car with a stranger in case they’re going to axe-murder you?”
“The law,” Cas sighs. “But only after. The law didn’t do anything to protect her but it condemned him after he killed her.”
“That’s it,” Cas encourages him. “Deep breaths. You’re doing so well.”
Instead of an answer, Cas fishes in his pocket for his phone, then quickly swipes in his code while keeping one eye on the road, before handing the cell to Dean. “My name is Castiel Novak and I live in 401 Grace Lane. Just in case.”
“What’s the
Steve sighs. It’s a convoluted ball of complicated. So he takes the easy out. He points to the spyware. “What exactly are we doing?”
Dean catches himself thinking.
They nod at each other in acknowledgement and then mutually and without further words decide to drop the topic.
Still, Cas nods. “That would be nice.”
At least he has managed to locate his phone in the meantime. The caller is Sam. Well, who else. This better be important.
Cas nods. What else is he supposed to do? But he knows that his face is still devoid of any expression and that his scent will show his guilt.
Dean rubs a hand over his face. “I still don’t know what exactly happened. But I guess we should prepare for Sam.
Cas hunches his shoulders when Sam comes to walk between Bella and Kaz. With Dean, he’s used to, well, not being taller than him, but being on the same height at least. Sam on the other hand, Sam towers. It’s his pure physical size of course, but Cas is not always sure that Sam doesn’t also tower on purpose. He is wary enough of Dean’s and Cas’ relationship that it is a distinct possibility. So that Cas on his horse is currently the taller of them is unsettling.
“Sam, this is not even halfway as bad as you make it out to be.”
“Glad you boys made it home for Christmas.” Ellen squeezes him tight.
“Three months ago. At the same time that I heard about Claire having run from her grandmother’s. I tried contacting her, but the old lady wouldn’t talk to me. It took me a few tries to find someone who would give me any information at all.”
He leans his head against his knees.
“I feel you, man,” Dean nods and it might be the first time that Dean has agreed with anything that Steve’s said. The reason isn’t hard to make out, though. Dean’s eyes are on his boyfriend and there is something so soft, so vulnerable in his expression that even the gruff tone of his words can’t mask the pain.
That makes both Dean and Claire snort.
“Cas, I - I won’t lie. I look at you sometimes and - like when I cooked you dinner and you wore those jeans and you looked like -,” that dinner already feels like an eternity ago but he can still feel himself blush when he thinks the words
Steve shrugs. “SHIELD’s been tracking them for a while now. It showed up on their radar when they signed the lease.”
Cas,” he emphasizes.
Dean can almost hear Cas’ consternated sigh.
“Of course.“
“You’d have found out anyway. And if you have to know, it’s better I tell you. Oh, and before you ask, yeah, Claire knows. She googled the bar and stumbled upon the articles before she ever came in.”
“Well, they got used to us without too much trouble. I’m James,” Bucky saves him, though Steve has to swallow at the insinuation in Bucky’s words that he’s not sure was entirely intended. Though it might have been. Once upon a time, it would have been. If just because he knew it would make Steve blush. But now? It might be part of their cover or it might be innocent or it might be Bucky having fun riling Steve. He can’t tell.
Dean’s heart stumbles about the
There are three intricate bands lining it. They look a little medieval and they have distinct patterns. Two of them look complete, shimmering in complementing colors, while the third on is unicolored as of yet.
Cas is leaning closer now, too. “Steve Rogers and his best friend James Buchanan Barnes,” he reads the video description out loud.
It’s also meant to sound casual, Steve is sure, but it is anything but.
“Stop what?” Dean asks dumbfounded.
“But you’ll try to get her agreement?” Cas asks.
Cas nods. “The bed’s all yours, then.”
He’s a little out of breath when he arrives at the small house. It’s well kept, with a clichéd white picket fence to signal its borders. Like it is its own little kingdom, separate from the world.
“Dangerous?” Sam asks at the same time that Cas asks, “
He thinks he feels Cas’ smile in his hair and then something that feels suspiciously like Cas is pressing a kiss to the back of his head. “Sleep well, Dean.”
“This is crazy!” Cas bursts out. “This is dangerous! Dean, you can’t let this woman
. She didn’t want me around her while I …” He presses his eyes closed as if to stop tears from dropping. “I never found that faith again. Her faith. So I never came back. It was an accident that I even found out she’d died. No one had informed me.”
“It’s okay, Cas. Oh, and I made sure that your papers stayed exactly as they were sorted. I put them on the shelf in the living room for the time being.”
“The trial?” Dean asks. “Ring a bell?”
He searches for the right word but before he finds it, Cas continues for him, “Profound. Our bond is much more profound.”
“Okay, okay, Cas, it was a joke, of course you did not. Umm, and I think I really need to be on my way to get back to Lebanon before nightfall. You two good with unpacking the boxes and everything?”
“No, please, go ahead,” Castiel gestures and then takes a step back to give Chuck space.
Dean can’t quite judge the emotion on Cas’ face, whether it’s surprise or relief or something else altogether. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
suggests rose colors and flying hearts and kittens and puppies, and for Dean, love is complicated. It is intertwined with loss and regret. Oh yes, he loves Cas. With all of his heart. But it can’t be more than this, a small safe moment when it for once isn’t dangerous. Where he can allow love to be simple, to be in this small gesture, in the touch of hands, in the warmth of each other’s skin.
“Why didn’t you tell me then? What you told them? About being a fairy? Assuming that was the truth.”
“Are you trying to convince me to leave?” Castiel cocks his head and raises his eyebrows.
That, Dean can do. He picks up where he stopped. “The case established the following rules: Both parties need to go to intense counseling for at least six months to work towards keeping the bond. If they both still want the Unsealing after that, they need to get an evaluation by two court-approved psychologists. Then a judge needs to approve the request. After that, there is another waiting period of ten days to make really really sure that everyone still wants the dissolution of the bond. If that’s the case, the seal will be broken by the Council. If at any point, one of the partners doesn’t want the Unsealing anymore, the whole deal is off. That’s the only legal way Sam knows how to do this, though he promised to look further into it. His hopes aren't high but maybe he finds other cases that could work in my favour.”
It takes hours for Dean to fall asleep. Disadvantages to actually having your own bed. With memory foam. Couches don’t do the trick anymore. Or maybe he is just getting old. Of course than it might also be that his mind keeps going in circles, repeating everything that has happened today. They’ve made no fucking progress on the case at all but instead his mind keeps bringing up the way Cas’ hand had felt in his, all warm and firm and
And okay, that feels like they’ve stumbled onto a private conversation, and Dean’s got to avert his eyes because the two are looking at each other with such concern and softness that it makes him want to puke. Or possibly makes him extremely jealous. Either or.
Dean is grateful for the lighter tone and picks it up immediately. “What about goodnight kisses? Those happen on first dates, right?”
“Just spit it out, Gabe,” Dean sighs. “What is it you can do that none of us can?”
“Uh-huh,” Dean nods but his brain is suddenly wide awake again.
Dean holds up his hands. “Stop! I surrender. I’ve heard this speech before. I love your passion for bees but I remember this from the first two dozen times you told me.”
“What?” Cas suddenly looks wide-eyed.
“Is that why they send us Natasha?” Bucky deadpans and it takes a moment for Steve to grasp that yes, this was an actual joke.
“You need her agreement,” Cas lays the finger directly in the open wound.
“Yes, but if you did, you’d have
“I - okay.” Cas lets go then, though he does it reluctantly, to get up and go to the small stack of DVDs to find a movie.
“Dean, I don’t understand.” Cas can’t help it, some of his frustration shines through.
“I’m not,” Dean shakes his head. “Gay. I’m bisexual.”
“Whoa,” Dean murmurs because the world is spinning again with the sudden movement. “Think it’ll make the wound stop bleeding if there’s no blood left in my head?”
“Stark tech?” Sam wagers.
Charlie accepts that with a nod and then walks them through the rest of their documents. Their backstories are minimalistic, a skeleton of a life more than the story of a person. But everything important in terms of documents is there. They’ll just have to fill in the gaps as they go.
“Fuck off.”
Bucky seems relaxed and ignores the way Dean is glaring daggers at him, but it’s the kind of relaxed that Steve has seen on Natasha and Clint. It’s a relaxed that couldn’t be farther away from letting down your guard.
Cas appreciates it, Dean caring for him and wanting to protect him, but, “People say Omega’s bodies are weak but it isn’t true. We survive a lot, Dean. Whatever you decide to do about this, I
to be paired off, seeing how being with him beyond a night or two always seemed to make the worst come out in people. But looking at Claire and Kaia, Sam and Eileen, even Bobby and Ellen, all happily paired off and better for it, makes him long for it nonetheless.
Dean’s pretty sure that that’s a bad sign. But then, if it is, that makes things easier, too, right? They can stop this in its tracks before anyone gets hurt. Never mind that Dean’s not fallen for anyone in - well, so many years that he was pretty sure it wouldn’t happen anymore. He’d been okay with that. In fact, he’s still not sure that he really has the guts to try the whole relationship thing again. Especially with a guy that he’s pretty much already sharing a kid with. They have a responsibility here, after all.
Claire rolls her eyes at him. “You’re such a dad with your dorky dad jokes, I swear.”
She smiles even wider. “I knew you would agree.” She pats his hand like he did good. “Now, Dean, it was not nice what you did. Kissing someone and then running away for days is not mature behaviour. I didn’t even know where you were or that nothing bad had happened to you! Not to speak of the fact that it hurt my feelings. I’m ready to forgive you because I don’t want us to start our life together on the wrong foot but I will need an apology from you.”
There is a drawn-out moment of silence after that.
“Leave him alone, Nat.” Bucky’s voice is sharp and Steve and Nat both jump and turn to stare at him.
Bucky just smirks some more and it pisses Dean off, because fuck, his mind is going back to that beer bottle and to how Bucky’s lips had looked wrapped around it, and maybe it’s not Bucky’s lips that he wants to see wrapped around anything but the image itself has no goddamn right to be as hot as it is. “Incubus,” he mutters under his breath because he’s Dean Winchester and Dean Winchester is a professional and while no monster has the right to make him lose his cool like this, there’s definitely no human who should be able to do that.
Dean went through the door into the room they were holding the rose ceremony. 16 red roses sat on a small pedestal, and the other guys in the room kept stealing glances at them. A cast member pointed him to the far side of the stairs, tapping on an x on the ground for him to stand on.
“What?”
A million emotions crowded into Dean’s heart. Joy, love, happiness, but mainly confusion. “Then what’s wrong?”
“Yeah!” Garth shouted from the back, throwing in a wolf whistle for good measure.
But he’d been too cowardly to say it back. How could he? When his best friend in the entire world looked at him with an expression that could only be described as pure unadulterated joy and said the words Dean had been longing to hear his whole life… how could he say them back?
Cas’ blank face slowly melted into a smile and he stared into Dean’s eyes, almost as though he was searching his soul. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean had been right about Jake. He was ex-military. Now he worked in security.
“Me too.”
He buttoned up his suit jacket and spread his arms for her to see before walking up to her.
“Hey,” Dean said, glancing at the lamp with a question in his eyes. “Gonna tell her she’s the light of your life or something?” He snorted, coming to a stop next to the guy and sizing him up. The suit looked better up close.
It wasn’t enough. He was a stupid fucking idiot who couldn’t be happy. Who would never be happy knowing that somewhere out there Cas was alive, Cas wanted him, and he had fucked things up too badly for him to ever come back.
The ruckus didn’t stop until the door was opened to the limo and lamp guy stepped out. One of the other guys--Benny, maybe?--helped him maneuver the lamp out of the car and then the door fell shut behind him.
“Yes,” he said simply.
Words spun rapidly in his head and he couldn’t grasp any of them, couldn’t string them together in a way that would tell Cas how badly he wanted it. So he just nodded again, waves of shame already crashing over him.
to be here… but he wasn’t an obsessed bastard like the rest of the guys here. He wasn’t gonna cheat and fake it to get ahead. He hadn’t even submitted a damn audition tape.
His hair was still in place, so he wouldn’t have to redo that, at least. He took a deep breath, straightened his jacket, winked in the mirror with some added finger guns (no one was there, okay?), and spread his hands. Game time.
“Do you want to sit in front?” Cas asked. His eyes were downcast and there was a small blush rising in his cheeks and Dean realized that holy shit his entire body was about to be pressed against Cas.
to cover what he felt about Cas. “You’re-”
“Hey, man,” Dean said urgently, his hands tightening briefly before dropping entirely. “It’s okay.”
The heat rushed into his cheeks and Dean let his eyes fall, side-eyeing the cameras next to him and hoping there was something more interesting about the first night to include than him choking to death in front of- well, in front of whoever this guy was.
“What’re you thinking about?”
“You know what you’ve never tried?” he asked, his tone lighter than before but still gentle, each word carefully weighed.
“We’re just having some fun. Remember why you’re here, man,” he added, before dropping a hand on Cas’ shoulder. He stayed there for a minute, their eyes meeting, and then he turned.
Most of the guys had been zoning out through Chris’ whole explanation. They knew how it worked. They didn’t need to watch him say the same words he’d said over and over every year. But at the last sentence, they all leaned forward expectantly as he pulled out a white envelope.
Dean let out a frustrated sigh and pulled the book back toward him. “Man, we been looking for this thing for days. It probably isn’t even our kind of thing.”
Only then did he look up at his brother, his eyes rimmed red but completely dry. Sam’s eyes fell to the handprint on his shoulder and he knelt next to Dean. Jack stood over them, his head tilted curiously but something on his face saying he knew exactly where Cas was.
The questions were boring. How was he feeling? Some retroactive stuff like, what did he think when he walked in? How did Lisa look today?
“Why?” Dean considered his next words, knowing he’d probably get more than a punch to the face for them, but decided he was here anyway and he might as well enjoy it. Dean grinned up at Crowley and lowered his voice to a whisper. “Because Cas killed your kid? I bet he enjoyed it, too. Bet he took his time, did it real slow.” The thought made him cringe, because he knew Cas wasn’t like that. He was a killer, sure. But he didn’t enjoy it. Still, it was worth saying it to see the look on Crowley’s face.
Some of the guys went out to the pool area, walking around the grounds, but most of them stayed inside, trading meaningless conversation. Before long, one of the producers who had been directing the cameras all morning got the guys from outside and gathered everyone in the living room.
Dean watched as he walked back, taking his spot with the rest of the guys. When he looked back toward Lisa, she had a bittersweet smile.
Cas, the one Dean had abandoned and betrayed.
Dean squared up, his heart racing, one hand held out protectively in front of Lisa. When Jake didn’t make another move, he turned to the camera crew, one eye still on Jake.
“Want to go outside?”
He and Cas had made the plan quickly. Too quickly to talk about anything else. Which Dean was grateful for, because he’d been just about ready that night. Just about ready to bite the goddamn bullet already.
Lisa walked in from the side, her dress falling gracefully on the floor, and came to a stop next to the table.
Cas chose a simple black button down that tucked easily into a pair of tight blue jeans. Dean had tried to argue they were too tight for an occasion like this, but Cas had simply smirked and reminded him that choosing each other's outfits was his idea.
Dean moved next to him, shifting slightly so they were both facing Crowley. He felt Dean pull the knife he kept inside his jacket out and let it hang loosely at his side.
Dean didn’t know what he’d expected to find at the hotel. The five-star suites on the show were always so nice, every detail catered toward the contestants.
“It started with AC/DC and after that it just spiraled.” Her whole face seemed to glow when talking about Ben, and he couldn’t stop the wide grin covering his face. “I think Led Zeppelin is the current favorite.”
When he looked at the next name, he frowned thoughtfully. Sonny… that was the name of the man who ran that boy’s home. Dean hadn’t ever told him what really happened there. Sure, he’d given him some story about a girl and a life away from Dad and some semblance of happiness. But there was something else. Something big.
“You don’t need to-” Cas trailed off as Sam and Jack walked up holding two mugs of steaming hot chocolate. He took the gloves after a look from Dean and pulled them over his bright red hands.
“Sam,” he started before stopping again. The silence had lifted and he could breath, could think. Then something inside him pushed him, decided to stop being a coward. “It wasn’t just Cas. For a long time. But now… it’s just him, Sam. He’s it for me.” The words caught in his throat, clawing their way past all his guilt, all his fear, all his years of self-hatred. But they made it out all the same.
Then there was a shimmering behind Jack and Dean froze. His breath caught in his throat and all the thoughts that had been swirling in his head for days clamored for their turn to get out.
It took him a second to hear the cheering, and as soon as he did, all the old fears returned. A blush rose to his face and he pulled back from Cas at the same time that he pushed off Dean and stumbled to his feet.
“You guys are on in about thirty you need to-”
He barely reacted when Sam looked around frantically, crouching by his brother and shaking his shoulders, trying to see if he was okay.
Lying to Billie, that had been easy. Maybe too easy. Because there was a small part of him, a part he hated more than anything, that hated Chuck just enough to make this seem okay. But that’s all it was. Just a small part for him to cling to when he lied to everyone around him except Cas. Because after everything, there was no way in hell that he was okay with Jack giving himself up. Or any of his family, for that matter. But especially Jack.
“Helps you with what?” Cas said. And Dean wanted to bury his head in his hands, or better yet, sink underneath the floorboards to a world far away from this conversation.
And he did deserve to feel it. Of course he did. Because he froze. He had stared at Cas, his mind processing his throat dry, words forming in the back of his throat but stopping there. His hands had shook slightly while the rest of him went still.
“I didn’t-” Cas started. “I never thought-” He stopped again, looking at Dean with an expression of pure wonder.
He snorted to himself and dropped his bag on the floor next to the small twin-sized bed. This was just for an afternoon. Tonight… well tonight he got to actually meet Lisa.
“It’s going well. I’m glad I’m here,” he forced out, which seemed to satisfy her.
“I know,” Nick agreed.
She laughed, her whole body rolling forward as her grip on his hands tightened.
“What do you plan on doing?” Cas responded.
The guys cheered as Chuck stepped forward, clipboard in hand. “Alright,” he shouted over the crowd. “Everyone up on the stage. Get loose, we wanna see some good dancing up there. You have three minutes to show Lisa what you got, and then we’ll decide which routine you’ll be doing.”
Ash came up behind him and handed Cas the black coffee. “Here you go.”
“Okay,” Sam said, confusion still painted across his face. “So, what you and I just-”
“Don’t know. Crowley wanted him out of the drama, maybe even out of the family.”
“There’s this case we were on a couple weeks ago,” Sam started, “I could really use his help remembering the details.”
“Cas,” he breathed. Because with those two words, everything seemed a bit more okay. This other way, this plan, it would work. Jack would be okay.
The other guys trickled down slowly, clapping Dean on the back and helping themselves to eggs, bacon, and fresh coffee.
A guy he didn’t recognize pulled Lisa away as they were walking back, and he said goodbye with a smile on his face. Then he walked back into the living room, greeted by grudging cheers and slaps on the back.
It was infectious, and he felt himself smiling without realizing it.
The cupboards in the kitchen looked new and modern. He was guessing Cas had picked them out.
Dean cleared his throat and turned around on the bed, settling his leg in between Cas’ before resting his head on his chest. “What if this isn’t real?” Cas didn’t move beneath him, didn’t answer, so he went on. “I mean, what if we didn’t beat Chuck? What if he’s still out there… he’s still controlling us… none of these decisions are ours?”
“You know why.”
“Looking good, Cas,” Dean said, one eyebrow quirked up as his eyes tracked over Cas- no, over Cas’
“What next? Sammy will probably want out… he could settle down with Eileen, be happy. He wouldn’t have to be all out either, they could do small hunts on the side. Who knows what Jack will do. What about you, though?” Dean squeezed out the last question quickly, afraid of the answer. He couldn’t keep going, even if the world was safe, without Cas by his side.
Cas responded immediately, his hands slipping around Dean’s waist and pulling him in tighter. When they finally broke apart, Dean pressed their foreheads together, breathing heavily. There were tears on both their cheeks, and he wasn’t sure who they were from or when they’d started falling.
Cas leaned down and rolled up his sweatpants before stepping in, the waves licking eagerly at his toes. Dean didn’t want to join him. He looked perfect, backlit by the rising sun, his hair blowing in the wind as a serene expression settled over his mouth. But when Cas gave him an exasperated wave, he crossed the final stretch of beach.
Cas whispered in his ear. He cleared his throat and forced himself to look up.
All three of them visibly relaxed, and Sam reached into his case to grab whatever he was going to show them. And Dean could have left it there. Hell, he probably
“We could have,” he muttered. “We fucking can.”
Sam had given him so much shit for how long he’d taken to choose it. But it was the first night. And it was perfectly respectable for a guy to care how he looked. More guys should.
Sam snorted and met Dean’s eyes. Beyond the teasing, the laughter on Sam’s face, Dean saw something else. Pride. His brother looked so goddamn proud of him it hurt. Dean felt something inside him stir and he held back the tears that stung in his eyes.
“Well,” Dean said, a flirty smile finally making its way past his bundles of nerves and awkwardness, “She had good taste.”
“I thought you said it went well?”
His train of thought came to a crashing halt as he leapt to his feet glancing around frantically.
Dean gulped and nodded, letting his head fall on Cas’ shoulder. The sun was fully above the horizon now, and it warmed his back as he leaned into Cas.
The smile had melted from his face and he folded his arms across his chest.
He stopped in the hallway and waited for her, but she just pointed toward the elevators.
Dean gulped at that and looked at the floor. She wasn’t right. Lies made a helluva lot better. He pulled her into a hug, his mind spinning. There were so many lies in his life. And there were some he could come clean about, some he had to come clean about… but there were some he’d been waiting years to come out with. So maybe he could start there.
The rest of Cas’ walls fell down and he smiled. It wasn’t a huge smile, but it was better. It was soft, his eyes crinkled, and he looked at Dean like he was the most precious thing in the world.
“It says so right here, doesn’t it?” Natasha shrugs, nonchalance clearly covering a self-satisfied smirk.
“Dean,” Cas counters sternly. “Don’t hate on the name. I chose it for myself when I was human, remember?”
Cas looks so shocked that Dean closes his mouth. He’s got no idea how to explain it to him. Cas is just - a good guy. He expects the best of people. That’s what makes him a good Guardian, Dean thinks. People want to live up to his expectations. It makes them be their best self. Dean knows that it’s definitely true for him, too. But this here, this is different.
“Alright,” Dean nods. “I trust you. Who is this person?”
Bucky shakes his head. “I‘m sorry,” he mumbles.
“One of my personal favorites,” Charlie says grimly. “Right along with
“I’m sorry,” Dean immediately apologizes. “I didn’t want to… Shit, man, I don’t know what I was thinking.” He is walking backwards, too, bringing more space between them because shit, he didn’t want to have memories of yelling, but he doesn’t want any memories of hurting Cas, either. “That was selfish of me. I’m so sorry.” He stumbles over his words, knows he’s rambling, but Cas is still just staring. “I just - I just wanted - just to know how it feels - just this one time. Just to have something to hold onto - but you don’t do this kind of stuff. And I knew that. I shouldn’t have. Shit, Cas, I’m so sorry.”
Dean looks up at him. “Seriously, Cas? How often have I told you already that there is something fishy about them? So, hell, yeah, I think there’s something off. As to whether the disappearances are their fault,” he shrugs. “But we’ll figure it out. In that spirit, do you think they’d notice if I put Holy Water into their beer?” He hesitates. “How much can you dilute Holy Water before you don’t get a reaction anymore?”
“Steve is a very nice guy,” Cas states matter-of-factly and Dean thinks he might choke.
“Watching DVDs with you. Holding your hand. I wasn’t - I’m grateful.”
He tugs at Cas’ hand hard, makes him stumble a step back into Dean, allowing Dean to put his other arm around his front, pulling him back and shielding him.
“Well,” Cas sighs, “for one, it means that I’m probably going to grow old alone.”
“Are you insane?” Cas looks at him like he’s grown two heads. “Have you forgotten about this?” He grabs Dean’s hand, tilts it palm up to where the imprints of Amara’s fingers are the deepest.
“Shh, sit down, you imbecile,” Cas waves him away.
Bobby notices it, too, apparently, because his voice is dark with worry when he answers. “You do what you have to do, son. We can cope without you for a while. Though I can’t promise you that Jo won’t take over the whole place.”
Dean squirms under Cas’ scrutiny. “Come on, man.” He’s not above begging if that helps. “Don’t make this harder than it already is.”
“She actually loved doing that as a child,” Cas says, half-smile like he’s remembering something fond on his lips.
He’ll have time to figure out the appropriate emoticons for that.
“So - what?” Cas asks, apparently confused again.
“Yeah,” he manages to rasp out. It even smells the same. How can a house that you haven’t visited in years smell the same?
The other guy sighs deeply. “Yeah. Well. I guess, it is time to go back inside anyway.”
“You’re not wrong,” he finally says. “I don’t want
Only when Steve refuses to play does Bucky draw back.
He never gets the chance to go back for his stew, either, because Dean is already bringing them filled bowls. Cas puts his work aside to take the hot food.
Cautiously, she lets her hand fall away to look at her marks, too. “Took me a long time. To not be ashamed of them.” She grimaces. “In fact, I might not be completely over that yet. But you’re right, they
“I don’t like it.”
or would you prefer
He answers that with an uncomfortable shrug. He definitely didn’t. But his brain is currently occupied making his hands cooperate and stay in his lap instead of lying on the table where Dean knows Amara will grab onto them. He closes his fist around the feather hard.
Bucky and Steve freeze. Natasha would be a scary opponent to have. Well, Bucky’s had the pleasure before and came out alive. Steve has to remember never to underestimate his boyfriend.
But if he didn’t… if he failed. Well, for one, if he failed then he wouldn’t be alive to deal with the consequences. But if for some crazy reason he was, then he didn’t want Sam Winchester on his ass. The kid was ex-military and was now studying law. He could handle weapons and he wasn’t afraid to get dirty, but he could take you out with words just as easily.
He didn’t know what he’d expected to find on Dean’s phone. He was- had been so guarded all the time. Kept everything close to his chest until it exploded and took his heart out with it. And he’d never been able to stop it. Sometimes he could pry some of it away and help Dean through it, but not really. Not enough.
Cas nodded mutely and set the hot chocolate on the counter before hopping down. He took Dean’s hand in his and led him out to the balcony overlooking the small lake.
He talked with Benny a little more, got to know a guy named Gabe (who was too chaotic to be real), and stuffed his face with food.
“I love you,” he said quietly.
He had decided to hang up when there was a beep and he heard a voice on the other side of the phone.
“No,” Sam said fiercely. “No.”
He tried to force more words out. But they just got caught in his throat, choking him until tears were filling his eyes and his breaths came in gasps.
Cas just stood there for a minute. The cold air reached out for him, enveloping him. It seemed to call to him, to beg him to lay down on the damp floor and stay there. Wait for some construction crew or teens looking for a fix to find him, body deteriorating slowly. But he couldn’t do that. Dean was still out there, otherwise they would have found a body. And Dean needed him.
“It’s not real,” Sam repeated, his voice strained.
“Hello, Dean,” he said, sending shivers up Dean’s spine.
Nick snorted and handed the card to Benny, barely bothering to look at him.
Jake turned and looked at the producer and cameraman. He held up his hands like he was waiting for them to do something, but they both just stood there.
“It was an hour, max” Dean cut in. They had reached the top of the hill now, and they were standing in a circle, eyes fixed on Sam. Dean’s arms had started to ache from holding the sleds, and he let them rest on the ground.
His nerves started buzzing more as he walked up the long drive to the porch. He should just go find Cas now. This wasn’t important.
As they pulled up the drive, no one commented on the beautiful mansion, or the shiny cobblestones that looked like they’d just been hosed down.
A song Cas didn’t know started playing and Garth opened the buttons on his bachelor costume ever so slightly as he got into his routine. Next to him, Dean chuckled appreciatively and whispered, “
Some of the guys decided to stay up and wait to see if Benny got a rose or not. If they had one more person to worry about or not. But Cas was beat.
All the guys started making their way over and Cas followed, glancing up briefly at the sign on the building. Squinting against the sun, he could make out the word “Nightclub” in big block letters.
Chuck was there waiting for them, and he gestured to a big building at the corner of the busy street they’d gotten off of and waved them forward, the whole time talking rapidly into the mic by his mouth.
“Cas wasn’t happy?” That was all Sam said. Disbelief written across his face, hanging in his voice.
Cas just stared at him as he moved his legs, his eyes wide. Or maybe that was just Dean’s imagination. Maybe Dean just wanted Cas’ heart to be beating as fast in his chest as his was.
It wasn’t like last time. Well, the confusion was. The shock of being in a new world, surrounded by people that knew him but he’d never laid eyes on; or even worse, being surrounded by people he knew, people he loved, that were all an illusion, a fever dream.
Cas seemed to sense there was more to say and he kept silent, his thumb rubbing absentmindedly over Dean’s hand.
His breathing was still shaky, still erratic, but he was calm, clear-headed. Wind ruffled his shirt and he took one last breath before going on. “You still came back, Cas. Why did you come back? Why did you keep coming back? How the fuck did you- Why the fuck did you still-”
Dean waited for the footsteps to fade completely before jerking his hands against the ropes. They were tight, professional. But they were also rope, which meant he should be able to get out of them given time. He wondered briefly why they didn’t use zip ties or even handcuffs, then he turned his attention back to the task.
“I don’t wanna leave, Sammy,” he said quietly, immediately berating himself for the weakness. He sounded like a fucking child.
Then, through his sobs, a familiar fluttering of wings rustled the air.
A new song started and the lights started up again, this time in sync with the song. As they all watched, a line of men in cowboy hats (and heeled boots too, figures) walked out to the front of the stage, matching the steps to the beat.
He stood motionless, his inner voices battling it out, but then they faded completely and he sighed in defeat. He half-jogged to her side and knelt next to her.
Sam finally looked up from his book, running a hand through his hair. “We got a case.”
He could hear it. The full meaning behind the question. He didn’t answer, just took a few steps toward Cas, some invisible string tugging him.
Dean could see himself in Cas’ arms again, his head pressed into his shoulder, firm arms holding him tightly. He could taste Cas’ lips against his own, could feel his steady weight and warmth, his scent filling his nose. He could see Sam’s eyes widen in understanding when he stepped into the room.
After a second, Nick shoved past Garth and grabbed the envelope with a sneer. “I’ll do it.”
“You’re Dean, right?” he asked. Dean’s own name sounded different in that low gravelly tone, and it caught him off guard. But he recovered quickly enough and nodded.
Dean froze. This… they didn’t talk about this. They didn’t talk about the time Sam had come back to the motel early to find a man leaving. They didn’t talk about the boyfriend he’d had in high school that had lasted until John beat the shit out of both of them. They didn’t talk about it because it wasn’t a part of himself Dean wanted in the open. John was right. He was wrong, broken, useless.
Well, for however much longer he lived.
Cas cleared his throat and looked away, trying to make it seem like his eyes had been slipping over the crowd of guys. Really saved that one.
He shook off the chill that came over him and walked over to the door where the girl who helped him with his mic had pointed him.
“You,” Dean said with a gulp. He’d run out of words.
It had all been exactly what Dean wanted. And exactly what he thought he’d never have.
“Say what back?”
The phone wasn’t ideal. Hell, the fact this was about 8 years too late wasn’t ideal. But he had to. He was a grown ass adult, he could talk about his feelings.
Dean kept his eyes shut. There was no reason to be awake yet. No reason to ruin this perfect peace, every muscle relaxed and breaths coming free and easy. And there was no reason to disturb his husband.
“I don’t care.”
Dean frowned, looking back to the stove where he was stirring some scrambled eggs. “Making breakfast.”
He didn’t say anything when she reached him, just stood there, his face a mask of confusion even while his heart raced.
So he suppressed it, keeping his face a perfect taciturn mask. “Hello, Dean.”
to have.
Cas walked forward, closing the rest of the gap between them and taking Dean’s hands in his own. “Yes. I’m not human, but I barely have any grace left.” He pressed a kiss against Dean’s forehead and he felt his eyes close, leaning into the touch. “We’re happy, Dean.”
“He did… in music anyway,” Cas said simply.
He answered almost immediately.
“I know, I just-” he took another deep breath and let out a heavy sigh. “You have to promise me you won’t hate me. Or leave me.”
Cas hesitated. His first instinct was to lie. And he got Dean back tonight, then lying was the best path. There wouldn’t be any harm.
“Cas,” he whispered urgently.
Without another word, Cas closed the gap between them.
“We may-” Charlie started.
Finally, he turned back to Baby, a grin on his face.
For a moment, he was weightless, then he was slamming into the hard ground flat on his back, the sled bouncing somewhere to the side and Cas… well, Cas landed right on top of him.
comments and kudos?  :)
Sam snorted. “A vacation?”
would be the understatement of the century. But he was Dean fucking Winchester, it wasn’t like he was going to advertise his dirty little secret.
“No,” Dean said firmly. “Hell, no.”
“Hey, Cas. Long time. Where’s your sweet piece of ass? Did he finally get tired of you?”
Cas, the broken angel who had fallen too far.
He was in fucking Heaven, and he was still as miserable as he’d been on Earth. Bobby was here. Ellen and Jo were here. Charlie was here. Even his parents were here for some goddamn reason.
Cas tensed underneath him and mentally he cursed. He tried to untangle himself but Cas pulled him back in. The angel was shaking slightly beneath him now, but he had no idea why. When he looked up into Cas eyes, they were brimming with tears again and there was a strange expression on his face. It was almost wonder, but it was so fearful too.
Dean gulped under his stare but held his eyes. “You’re family,” he said weakly, wishing that goddamn phrase even
“I’m going tonight. I’m getting him out, Sam.”
“Fine. We’ll go on vacation, leave this hunt behind,” he paused, but he left something unspoken in the air.
The guy just nodded and Dean shrugged in defeat. Hopefully this one would go home tonight.
And he met Sam’s eyes head on.
Then he hung up, the glint of blood under his nail catching in the light as he hit the red button and he cursed quietly to himself and set his phone in the cupholder, rolling his shoulders back before turning his full attention back to the road.
“This is my husband, Charles Autry.”
Dean’s eyes widened as he looked ahead of them and saw a rough bump in the powdery snow, and he tried to steer away from it. It was too late. They hit it at full force and the sled was flung into the air.
Without Cas, they couldn’t win. Cas was what Chuck wasn’t expecting. He’d fought for Dean over and over. He’d shown his love over and over. And Dean had been too stubborn to see it, too stubborn to accept it.
“So, what?”
Dean gulped, not letting his eyes fall but trying not to show the wave of emotion, the hurt, the loss, the utter
“Alright, alright,” Lisa laughed. “Anyone have a guess as to what we’re doing?”
This had to work. If this didn’t work--
Sam nodded, not really surprised, but not really sure what he was meant to do with that either. “He was a good brother. Father, mother, too. He raised me.”
Sam was smirking at him from the sled and he considered flipping him off. But that would just show there was something to be mad about. Which there wasn’t.
Dean woke up and immediately wished he could go back to sleep. His jaw ached, and when he tried to shift it there was a sharp pop so he decided to let it be. Rope scratched against his tied hands, and he struggled to shrug his shoulder against the bindings and ease some of the tension filling him.
“Can I get a coffee, black?” the guy said. And, oh god, stuck in the closet or not Dean would have married the guy on the spot.
Charlie squealed behind him and Dean was tempted to flip her off.  He was never gonna see this guy again anyway. What was the big deal?
“One weekend, Sammy.”
He stood up, blushing when he noticed for the first time that he was naked, and walked around the room. There wasn’t much in the bedroom, just their clothes tucked in a little closet.
Lisa and Scott made a few more notes on the clipboard they were holding, glancing up once or twice at the guys and whispering without pointing.
“Anyone in for a rematch?”
Sometimes, providing there wasn’t a danger of Sam walking in, he would ask Cas to crawl into the bed with him. It was just brotherly, he wasn’t kidding himself about that, but it made all the difference. In the angel’s arms, he felt safe, he felt home. He knew the nightmares couldn’t hurt him then.
He should have just said something. He should have just said that he loved him too, that he couldn’t say when it started but it had been years, that there was no way he could escape it and he didn’t care because Castiel was the best thing that had ever happened to him.
Her smile slipped fractionally but she nodded. Dean instinctively looked to the side where the cameras were and saw a producer (Naomi, if he remembered right) hiding a smile behind one hand as she nudged a cameraman and pointed at Jake.
Dean ignored the fear seeping through him and shrugged, hoping he looked more casual than he felt. Then he turned to Cas and took his hand before he could change his mind. The gloves he had lent Cas were rough against his hand, but underneath the weight and pressure was grounding, safe.
Dean gulped at the separation but just nodded, not bothering to risk a glance at Sam.
“I didn’t do nothing wrong,” Jake started, taking another step forward.
Sam looked back at him and smiled, his eyes far away. “I think I was 13, or 14? Dad was on a case in,” he paused, frowning, “Where was it, Dean? Colorado, right?”
The producer moved on and the rest of the guys followed him while Dean and Benny shuffled into the room, followed by the other three.
And Cas… well, Dean knew exactly what Cas would say.
“Please, I need- I’m-” Cas’ breaths came faster now, the sound of them filling the room.
They just breathed into each other for a minute. Not touching. Impossibly close, yes. But still not touching. Then Dean reached up and pulled Cas flush against him with his arms, crashing their lips together with every ounce of desperation in him.
“Cas?”
He cleared his throat, running his thumb over the cool metal and fixing his eyes on the trigger. But he already knew, he’d already decided.
He read all morning, already feeling like this was going to be the worst part. The waiting. The boredom. The constant cameras waiting for any sign of drama but mostly capturing the most mundane interactions that had ever happened on the planet.
“Castiel, will you accept this rose?”
“Got any classics?” Dean asked, his mind drifting back to his Baby. That was the hardest thing to leave behind. Not the job, not his family (okay, maybe), but his car…
“You aren’t real,” he muttered.
“Shut the fuck up, Sammy.”
The first cut wasn’t deep. It was the kind he did for spells and sigils, the kind that would heal up immediately if it needed to. He let himself relax for the second cut, let himself welcome the pain that he knew would course through his body.
Dean shrugged and sat next to them, leaning back on the couch. “Okay, I think. You guys?”
The line went dead with a long beep. The kind that rings through a hospital room as a soul leaves the Earth.
“Alright,” Cas breathed. “Be over as soon as you can. We’re rescuing Dean.”
A little weight left Dean’s chest, but a part of him didn’t believe Cas. Of course he would leave him. It would be too weird, too tense, when he didn’t feel the same way. But he had to tell him. Even if it meant getting his heart broken.
He shivered a little and turned his attention back to the ropes cutting into his skin. After a minute, he started to feel the bonds loosen a little. Before he could slip a hand out the echoes of footsteps once again made him freeze. These were different though, lighter. He twisted his fingers painfully upward to grab the slack rope and make it look tight, and then straightened his shoulders, sitting still.
Hair and makeup didn’t take long, the producers pulled them away for another round of interviews, and then they were standing with the other guys backstage waiting for the audience to trickle in.
Something shifted in Dean and some of the anger dissipated, replaced by confidence. Cas’ voice was still loud in his ear, telling him who he really was. Telling him this was okay. “You raised a faggot, John Winchester. Took me a long time to come around to it, too. But,” he shrugged, watching as his father’s eyes narrowed and his hands started to curl into tight fists, “I’m good with it now. I’m good with who I am. And, truthfully, I don’t give a fuck what you think.”
were gonna be the ones up there soon enough.
Dean was gone.
“C’mon, let’s go,” he tossed over his shoulder, pushing open the door.
“Cas,” he said again, louder this time.
Dean felt a jolt of electricity run through him, and he fought to control his face. He was in Heaven now. Cas was in Heaven now. He gulped, trying to stop the shaking.
“What about me?” he asked finally.
He felt the exact moment they slipped to the floor. It was right as Stella delivered a forceful blow to the throbbing wound on his shoulder. He cried out, leaning forward. Then he sucked in a deep breath, focusing on Cas, only Cas.
To say his friends and family had been shocked when they found out he was submitting an audition to the goddamn
He shut the thoughts off and walked to the kitchen. They did have beer but he had to put it in those stupid fancy cups. He got some food too, the tables were loaded with it. He wasn’t going to spend all night in here, of course, but he sure as hell wanted to.
After a minute, Cas pushed off the bed and walked to the door. “I have to go to work. Why don’t you think about it? But, Dean,” he looked back with parted lips, “You could have it. Everything you always wanted. All of it.”
“Benny?” Michael said, voice dripping with scorn as soon as he left the room. “Like, seriously?”
The silence that blanketed the room was heavy, suffocating, but Sam didn’t break it. He just kept looking at him, his eyes sincere but devoid of pity. Just ready to take whatever he said next and move on with it. And he was grateful for it.
He heard a sigh of relief on the other side. “Yeah, uh, good,” Sam cleared his throat. “Well, Eileen and I are chasing a vamp nest in Kansas. Not that far from you, actually. You’re welcome to join.”
Stella stepped back, taking the knife with her. She looked down at it thoughtfully, then tucked it back in her jacket. Dean vision was starting to go blurry on the edges but he tracked her eyes carefully. Her mask was starting to slip a little, and he could see the barely contained heat brimming under the cool surface.
“Just
“I’m in love with you.” The words were out of his mouth before he’d even formed them, slurring together like his jumbled nerves.
Then he collapsed. There was no one to see him, no one to hear his panicked breathing. He didn’t cry, he never really had been able to, but the pain rolled over him in waves. Dean was somewhere, alone, hurt, suffering, wondering where he was. Cas closed his eyes, and for a moment he felt Dean’s lips against his. Then the taste went cold, leaving the ghost of a tingling sensation burning against him.
“See you inside, Dean.”
But he was here now, so he was gonna try. And Lisa seemed like a nice enough girl… maybe there was something there. And the guys, regardless of their questionable motives and outlooks on life, were miles beyond easy on the eyes. They were fucking hot.
“Well, you’ll need that then,” he said, nodding to the open field in front of them.
Sonny breathed in sharply and Sam could almost see him nod. “Yeah, he told me. Wasn’t gonna do that ‘til he rescued the angel, though.”
“Sam can go,” Dean went on, ignoring him. “If you wanna do this alone. Or he can stay. I don’t give a fuck.”
Before long a producer walked in that he didn’t recognize. He told them Lisa would be coming in, laid down a few more ground rules that they’d all heard a million times by this point, and then gave the camera crew a few directions.
He saw Cas laying on a bed of straw, a broken and desperate confession on his lips.
Cas brought a hand to cover his and Dean let his hand still, the steady weight of Cas’ hand impossibly warm against his skin. “Of course.”
Slipping behind the wheel felt as safe as it always did. Baby hadn’t changed. Even the imperfections had stuck, and he was grateful for it. People always thought paradise meant perfection, but he didn’t think so. No, paradise was something else. It was acceptance. It was truth. It was family.
She glanced up, and to her credit, gave no sign of recognition. “Yes, it is. And you are…” she trailed off, with a quaint raise of one brow.
“How’d you get here?” he murmured as Cas pressed a kiss into his hair.
Dean was staring at the floor, color high in his cheeks, one hand raking through his hair as he shifted side-to-side. Cas glanced slowly from him up to the stage and a smirk slipped onto his face. Then Dean glanced up across the room, and for a split second, their eyes met.
John nodded, a smile breaking out over his youthful face. “Dean,” he managed, before going in for a hug.
“Why?”
“I can’t tell you that,” Cas responded quickly. He could almost see Sam lean in, could see his eyebrows draw closer as his eyes narrowed.
It was a quiet, clear night, and the air was chilly around them as they stepped out. Dean leaned over the railing, his arm still tightly around Cas, and looked up at the bright stars. Imagined himself soaring through them, Cas by his side, no problems and no worries.
The soft crunch of wheels on gravel sent a shiver down Cas’ spine and he looked up slowly, drawing his knife back from the throat of the man tied up below him. It was an interesting blade--silver and shaped more like a short sword than anything. He’d got it out of a deal years ago, and it had become his trademark.
Cas sighed. It was inevitable that they would get asked questions like this, but it really did nothing to help his already roused anger. “Twenty-two years,” he answered, tugging Dean’s arm gently. “Excuse us.”
She pinned it to his chest and pulled him in for a hug.
“He’s gone,” Dean said hoarsely. He’d have to tell him at some point. He’d have to get it over with. He’d have to let his soul open up and let out his darkest secret.
Then Cas reached up and rested a hand on his face and ocean of guilt, of fear disappeared, fading away until it was just a dull presence in the back of his mind. He looked into Cas’ eyes, trying to read the softness there, but he got lost before he could.
“Looks like you’re with me, Winchester,” Cas said, keeping his voice neutral but seething underneath. When Dean looked up at him with barely concealed horror he hid a smile. Time to make the straight boys uncomfortable. “As long as I’m on top,” he added as an afterthought.
“What if we do win?” Dean said. His anxiety was all but gone and a sense of peace and hope was taking its place. He liked feeling this way, as little as it happened.
No. He couldn’t let himself think that far ahead. That was hope. And hope leads to devastation every goddamn time.
When they pressed for more information he fought the urge to roll his eyes before saying, “Time with Lisa matters to everyone right now. But a group date isn’t a one-on-one.”
“Important?” Cas finally said, a hint of bitterness in his voice. “What
After some time, Dean whispered, “Thanks, Cas.”
“Alright,” Dean said quietly. “Alright. Now let’s get back to work.”
Lisa’s gaze was intoxicating. Just looking at her, he already felt completely at ease.
Cas let go of his collar, Dean’s green eyes filling his mind. “You’ve never understood it.”
And then it stopped. Finally.
annoying. Dean already hated him.
Dean didn’t pay much attention to it all, the first night was about deciding who stayed, and he was already planning on staying.
Sam looked at him, his brows furrowed in concern, and Dean could tell he wasn’t going to let this one slide. “You could have that, you know.”
Cas sighed, his hot breath falling on Dean’s neck and sending shivers down his spine. “You and Sam have saved the world again and again. If anyone stands a chance against-”
He was a goddamn coward.
Then everything started to fade, to narrow, to disappear.
“What?” he asked, keeping his voice neutral.
“I will, Cas,” he said forcefully, his heart pounding in his throat. He could do this. He’d just killed an ancient witch for fuck’s sake. He could do this.
In an instant, Dean’s eyes narrowed and he raised slightly in his chair. Cas put a steadying hand on his arm and Dean looked over at him, the anger slowly fading from his face. “That’s not what this is about. This about helping survivors of abuse and if you-” he cut off as his voice started to rise and he took a deep breath.
“What the fuck? Just cuz you’re filming this shit doesn’t mean you don’t step in… what the fuck?” he repeated in disbelief.
,” he spat the word and took a deep breath, “do I hold to you and your brother? What more can I do for you without the aid of Heaven?”
They still get up early. There’s a certain buzz to the house, an eagerness to get this case over with. Sam has confessed yesterday night that he made the whole thing up in the first place, the disappearances never actually anything out of the ordinary, and that he got goddamn worried when it suddenly looked like he’d unwittingly put Cas and Dean into danger.
Steve raises his eyebrows.
He doesn't look weirded out, though, just surprised and maybe a little - intrigued? In any case, he keeps staring instead of shooting Dean down.
“I’m sorry I’m being pushy. I’ve had a lot of time to think about all of this. But really, I’m just hoping that things worked out for you.”
Cas ponders that for a moment. “Something more means I can kiss you?”
want to know,” Claire teases.
“I wouldn’t want you to,” Dean says with emphasis. “Cas, look at me? Please?”
That word hasn’t ever been there before.
“No, I don’t think you see. Dean,” she comes a step closer and puts a hand on his forearm. He keeps himself from flinching away. “Dean, you just apologized for asking me a completely valid question.” She lets the statement stand for a minute before she asks, “Do you know who does that, Dean? Who keeps apologizing even though they’ve done nothing wrong?”
There’s a nod but no answer.
“Yeah, Sammy, course,” Dean nods, the same he had when Sam had gotten excited about some school project or other.
“Hmm,” Amara narrows her eyes at him.
The cold metal of the car feels solid under his fingers, an anchor in this reality against the other that wants to swamp his mind. “They got a hold of the fact that we were members of a kink club. Jurors decided that I had obviously wanted or at least deserved what I got.”
“You noticed that, too, huh?”
“It’s been a long way, coming here,” Cas says, exhausted but still with a smile in his voice.
And he’s still got no idea what Cas is talking about in most of his letter. He’ll have to go figure it out.
He goes for his knife. Better safe than sorry.
“We can get a fourth chair from the kitchen,” Cas supplies helpfully and hands both of his plates to Dean to go do just that.
“Half a day, Dean,” Cas says and comes into the room to put a hand on Dean’s arm. “Half a day and it won’t matter anymore.”
And that puts a damper on his mood, but hell, he is the CO in this. Or something like it anyway. “I understand why you didn’t want to be the one making that choice,” Steve sighs. “It’s metal arm versus my spy skills. Have a feeling the metal arm might be more inconspicuous.”
“I’m glad it turned out alright for you guys,” Bucky says and his voice is soft and sad, very different from how it was the rest of the night.
“You like me?” Dean repeats because it’s still not processing.
Full disclosure: I don't have as many finished chapters in the queue right now as I would like. But real life has been kicking my ass lately. There's the whole pandemic thing of course, and then some work stuff, and then our family dog died this week, and yeah, writing has been slow. I'm going to try to keep up the weekly schedule we all got used to, but if I don't manage, I'm gonna need you to extend some kindness here, because it's been a lot and you have the power to make me cry, but I'd much rather you'd choose not to. <3
There are no unusual missing persons’ reports, though a handful of people disappeared over the past few years. But it doesn’t seem to be more than in any other town. At least the lack of new material gave him time to find information about Incubi and rule them out, so that is something. Doesn’t stop him from wondering where the hell Sam has gotten his information about this case from in the first place. Dean dimly remembers Sam mumbling about Garth, but maybe werewolf-boy mixed up his locations? Or maybe Dean doesn’t remember that right at all. Sue him, there had been pie. That had taken priority over Sam’s rambling.
“Alright. Talk to you tonight then, Winchester.”
“Dammit, it’s gone!”
He can’t say it, not now, not yet, not when Bucky doesn’t know whether Steve’s love is for him or for the person he once was. Not that there is a difference for Steve. He loves Bucky, damages and all.
“But if you block it, we won’t get a dog picture back.”
Cas follows the gesture with his eyes. There’s no way he hasn’t seen the tear. But it doesn’t seem to disturb him. He holds out his hand for Dean to drop his hand into, and Dean obediently does. “Good,” Cas says quietly. “Good.”
“Umm,” and suddenly Dean is at a loss for words. Because he’s good at flirting, but he flirts to get laid that night. There’s no allusions to anything beyond that. Ever. But then – he moves his shoulders in a circle to test his current flexibility, and yeah, ouch. Getting laid is not in the cards tonight, definitely not if there’s – ties involved. “I’m pretty banged up, Cas,” he says tentatively because he doesn’t want to let Cas down, and he is most definitely interested. He just doesn’t know how to make this work tonight.
Cas takes it in stride, grasping Dean’s hand firmly.
Not that Dean could. Or would want to.
But Cas can feel his guts tie themselves into knots and instead of hugging Balthazar, he stumbles a step backwards.
“That’s - Dean, that’s fine. I’m sorry that things didn’t turn out the way you hoped. I’ve always wanted for you to be happy.”
“You can’t see that much yet, it’s early. It’s the first picture we got. See that here? That tiny little dot. That’s…”
Cas scowls at him like nothing is alright, and yeah, it probably isn’t. But it’s the best Sam can do right this second.
Dean kind of gets the feeling that the way Cas keeps repeating his name does not spell good things for him. “They help people?” he hedges.
Afterwards, there’s nothing to do but wait.
But closed doors never mean much, not to the Avengers in general, definitely not to the two people living in this house with him. So it doesn’t necessarily come as a surprise when the door opens a little while later.
“No love confessions?” Charlie’s voice sobers. “But you’re okay?”
It’s a low blow and it actually makes Dean stagger back a step. “Yeah, right,” he mutters.
Dean nods. “Towards Stone Shatter City.”
All calls are from Amara. It’s not surprising but he had hoped he’d have a little more time. Three messages are from her, too. Dean prepares for the worst when he clicks to open the message thread.
Cas grimaces. “The notifications popped up on the screen.”
“Of course I trust you,” Steve answers.
He storms into the kitchen, ready to grab his jacket and his keys to do - something, when his eyes catch on a note on the kitchen counter.
Dean doesn’t know what he did to deserve this or at which point in his life he went wrong. It was probably early on.
Dean nods. “Jody.” He doesn’t elaborate but his forehead has gotten that steep frown again.
“Bobby was – he was a member of this pack once. A long time ago. When our dad was still Alpha.” There’s pain in Dean’s voice, like even thinking about those times hurts.
Cas frowns at him. “Bees are very important to the environment, Dean. And they are misunderstood. They only sting in self-defense and aren’t actually dangerous. In fact, without bees global agricultural production would decrease by...”
Cas nods like that makes perfect sense to him. Maybe Gabe told him.
“Hmpf. Just be careful,” Bobby grumps.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean sighs. He takes a swig of his coke. No alcohol. Never any alcohol around Cas anymore.
“Well, ideally, you’d want to spend time with your soulmate. Things would be different then.” Cas tries for a lopsided smile that turns out more like a grimace. “Can you tell me what happened after the kiss? Did you, uhh…?”
Dean’s doing it grudgingly, of course, but he has to agree with Steve. The keyword in his sentence being together. Not that he and Cas seem to be up to par on that front lately. Even now, though Cas is standing by his side, he’s keeping himself carefully poised so that his shoulder doesn’t brush Dean’s.
“Do you need help, too?” Cas asks once Dean is done.
“The whole puppy pile of love?” She smiles. “It’s both harder and easier than you’d think. Easier, because society wants to be lied to. No one’s ever questioning your status or your roommate situation if you’re wearing one of these.” She takes the wristband out of her pocket and fiddles with it. “Harder because… well, loving someone isn’t easy. Loving several people isn’t easy, either.”
Charlie nods. “He might. I was supposed to support you to keep something like this from happening, after all.”
“No one told us they were – specimen.”
“No, I’m saying I didn’t get anything out of her.”
, too. For being there for him. I thought he was getting better. I didn’t make the connection until after. So, yeah, Cassie, if you want to talk guilt, I’ve got some, too. But there was a darkness inside of him that no one could see. He was good at hiding it and if you ask me it was with him before all the shit that went down. At least that is what I believe.“
“Just come to dinner,” Bobby grumbles. “You’re gonna tell us everything that bugs you, and we’re gonna help. That’s what family is for, after all.”
Cas lets his forehead sink on his knees, energy needed to keep his head up suddenly too much.
Knowing it makes no sense to delay the inevitable, he unlocks his phone to look at the wreckage.
She turns around and disappears back into the house.
Cas doesn’t have it in him to accept the sentiment or to smile back. “But I do fear, Hannah, and there is so much more darkness than light.”
Dean doesn’t look at her, keeps concentrating on Luigi over the rapid beating of his own heart, but he repeats. “I want an Unsealing.”
“And I have microwaveable popcorn but I still like making it the old-fashioned way.”
“I’m sorry, Dean. God, I’m so sorry. I wanted to tell you, I swear. I couldn’t. But I always kept an eye on you.” Her voice breaks on the last words and Dean isn’t sure his own voice is any more stable because there’s definitely a burning in his eyes and he’s half-tempted not to even care, because the woman in his arms feels like Charlie and smells like Charlie and if he keeps hugging her and looking at her, then the image of her bloody body, dumped in a bathtub, will be erased from his mind and she’ll always have been alive. And oh God, he wants his little sister to be alive so badly.
“I’m an angel, Dean, not a hunter,” Cas reminds him. Dean thinks that maybe Cas can still read a few of his thoughts and feelings and that’s why he’s patient with him now and even smiling a tiny encouraging smile.
Bucky shoots him a grin, gone as quickly as it came, but radiant nonetheless. “You can leave it to me if you want, Cap. Is not like the boss should be cleaning up the electronics’ mess.”
me to come with you.”
Bucky quietly scoots up on the bed until he’s leaning against the headboard next to Steve. He stares into nothing for a while. “The arm. I remember that. How they put it on. I mean, not all of it. I must have passed out at some point. That happened quite a bit I think. A lot of shit kind of just blends.” He leans a little closer, letting his flesh shoulder brush Steve’s. “But that’s not the worst. The worst is that there’s this moment where you can’t breathe. Where you think you’re drowning. When they put you on the ice. Sometimes I remembered enough even though they’d wiped me, that I’d remember that. I’ve killed a few people fighting them. Drowning is horrible. I never want to drown again.”
He falls back towards the main column while Dean and Cas hold their place near the front. It’s one of the more visible changes, them walking together during the day now. Instated after it became clear that after their separation at Angels’ Nest, Dean got antsy whenever Cas wasn’t in his sight. He tried to downplay it of course, but finally Charlie approached Cas to ask him to ‘pretty-please just walk with Dean until his Alpha-brain gets it that you’re really back’ and it’s not like Cas found the prospect daunting. Usually, anyway.
Dean’s heart gives a lurch like it’s going to jump out of his chest. “You want me to meet her?”
“Uh, thanks,” Dean says dumbfounded and takes the piece of fabric.
Has Cas told anyone else? If he doesn’t want to talk to Dean right now, is there anyone else he could call? Most of their friends are
“Anytime.” Dean’s answering smile covers the pain about as well as Cas’ smile does.
So all in all, Dean is in a great mood when the doorbell rings. “I guess that means we can clear this up immediately,” he says to himself because there’s no one but their neighbors who’d ring at this hour. “I’m getting it!”
“Nat sneaked it for me.”
“Yeah, somehow I feel like Claire rather wants the spot next to her girlfriend than the one next to either of her old men,” Dean winks at Cas.
?” Dean tsks. “Dude, I’m offended.” He lays a dramatic hand over his heart, trying his level best to keep the topic light and not think about the way his heart is beating hard.
"Dean?"
“Ohhh,” Balthazar immediately latches on, “you have a sex life to discuss! Now that makes me curious! Come on, I know a place around the corner.”
“Well, so is she, and you hugged her,” Bucky shrugs and takes his hand back to wrap it into Steve’s instead.
And suddenly Dean’s throat is too dry to answer.
He has no idea where that sentence is going, either, and is glad when the corn begins to pop, giving him something else to concentrate on. He is meticulous about his timing and gets the pan off the fire in time for the last kernels to pop, but before the first ones get burned. He puts them in a second bowl, allowing them to cool while Ellen is still working on the first batch.
And whoa, Dean is not expecting the immediate response of the bazillion butterflies in his stomach all flying forward simultaneously to urge him to fling himself at Cas, because Cas and pie together sounds like Heaven on Earth. Dean actually stumbles half a step forward before he catches himself and stops. He can’t just devour the man. Much as he wants to. They’ve only just found a measure of closeness between them and Dean is pretty sure that for now, all physical contact has to be negotiated and explicitly consented to.
“What? No! Like Alan K. Simpson.”
“Do not endanger yourself for us,” Cas admonishes. “You’ve gone above and beyond anyway.”
The matching leather wristband is dangling from the keychain.
“I’ll do my best,” Dean promises the empty air but he doesn’t reply to his brother anymore.
“Holy fuck, what if it’s someone from our group? Oh God, what if we’ve all been harboring a literary crush on
“Would you have married her? If things had been different.”
“Not even to a Guardian?”
“They’re your family more than anything else. I’m sure they understand. Also, Jo will pounce on the opportunity to take over your shifts.”
“Tonight,” Dean nods and holds on to the promise, even though he’s got a feeling that he’s mostly going to cry himself to sleep in Cas’ arms tonight. “Alright. I can do this.”
“I - What about my furniture?”
“Yes,” Steve confirms.
“No, we got something alright. The first signal came from very close to you. I fear you had a point about your neighbors, Dean.”
. He smiles at the word and turns to Bucky. They look at each other for a second, then Steve shrugs and tugs the gun into the waistband of his pants. They step into the front hall together.
“Charlie, what the fuck?” Dean shakes his head.
“You’ve made up your mind already.”
“Uh, Charlie…” Dean says intelligently.
"Huh?" Cas frowns, apparently not understanding.
“Yes, Dean. Yes, I do. I thought that was obvious.”
“Omelette,” Cas interrupts. “If you’re sure it’s not too much effort. And coffee, if you have it?”
tough. But she’s also lost a lot of people in her life already. Including both parents.”
“I can’t see how that could have gone any other way, what with the nice welcome you’re giving Dean and Cas - Castiel,” Sam smiles. “Also, I keep telling my brother that Americans are becoming more accepting of alternate lifestyles and to stop being such a worrywart.”
Cas is there then, wrapping him up in his arms and Dean lets him.
-s, seeing how neither of them knows what Amara is going to do next. Sam hasn’t met her yet, so he isn’t quite as worried as Dean, but he promises to check in via text message every few hours, so that’s something.
So Dean deflects. “Well, I guess you chose the right job. A
Shame burns high in his cheeks.
Dean nods, because yeah, going to the mundane and letting the heavy topics rest for a bit sounds good. “He can bring some beer, I think we don’t have much left in the fridge.”
Whether his stubble is soft or scratchy against Dean’s cheek.
she’s been AWOL for about a year now.”
Thing is, his heart soars every time Cas so much as looks in his direction and he can’t do jack about it. And he’s not going to stop hanging out with his friends to avoid Cas.
Dean’s hand is there then, steadying Cas’ foot in the stirrup, giving him an extra push to swing easily onto the horse. Immediately, Cas’ buttocks and legs complain, remembering the long time in the saddle yesterday and not happy about a repeat. But the pain is nothing that compares to other pains in Cas’ life, so he pushes his heels into the mare’s side giving her slack with the reins and clicking his tongue. Apparently, he is a bit too harsh with her because she starts trotting for a few steps before Dean’s hand on the reins slows her back down to an easy pace.
There’s a rush behind him, Amara running forward, he’s sure, and then there’s a shout and Dean’s pretty sure that was Gabe, and then there’s the crashing of overturned chairs and then there’s a shriek above it all. “
“What?”
“You’re military?” Steve asks because that sounded like it but shouldn’t SHIELD know about this? He’s pretty sure that that should have been in the memo.
“I know. I know that now. And it is - it is good to talk to someone who knows. Who was there when - things happened. I have trouble still, talking about this with - with people who deserve to know. Even when I want them to know all of me, it’s - difficult.”
“But what if she…”
He sits down on the chair on the other side of the small porch table and takes a sip. Cas makes the best coffee.
“Nope, not Sam,” the redhead in the doorway says and promptly pushes Dean out of the way to enter his apartment.
“Yes, Cas, I flirted,” Dean rolls his eyes, though he can’t help that it’s fond. Clueless. Cas is so clueless. But then Dean turns serious again. “So, let’s have a chat about that. Does it offend you when a dude flirts with you? Cause if it does, we’re going to have a problem here. Not cause of me,” he quickly assures, “I can handle the rejection. But I think I accidentally told you that your daughter is gay, so you can see where I’m going with this.”
“Uhh, yeah. Him and Sam, I guess.”
“Pretty sure he didn’t see it that way. But I think you gotta talk to him if you want to know the actual reasons.”
Sam throws his hands up in the air. “Whatever. The important thing is that I told you! I literally said you shouldn’t go over there! And what is the first thing you do? You go over there. Seriously, Dean? What the hell were you thinking?”
“This,” he presses a quick kiss to Bucky’s lips to illustrate his point, “I never thought I was going to be allowed to have it. To have you. I’m terrified of thinking about the future because I’m terrified to lose you again.” And Bucky’s not made that easier with his talk of Steve maybe having to take him out.
Dean wipes his hands on his napkin to give himself a few moments. “Just got thinking, is all,” is what he finally settles on. “How we’re having a candlelight dinner with each other instead of with our soulmates, because you haven’t found yours yet and I can’t stand to be with mine.” He sighs “Kind of not how I expected this to go.”
“Sure,” Dean nods and turns to smile at his friend. “Jesus, Cas.”
“Charlie!” Dean growls, wanting an explanation.
But Cas is not that easy to throw off track. “Is it because our relationship has changed? Because we’re
“She’s going to have to deal,” Dean shrugs.
“Dean?” Immediately, two people are by his side.
Cas nods again, a little jerkily, and turns towards the horse. He can do that as Dean wishes at least.
Sam nods curtly, but he takes the knife and starts cutting up more of everything they need to fill the omelette.
Dean sighs.
“Throw peanuts at people. She liked it much better than eating them.”
Dean whistles through his teeth. "Thought you were not military anymore?"
“True and false. I met you in person today, yes, but I’m friends with Cas if you remember.”
suspicious in Dean’s eyes.
Dean nods and turns the car before putting it in park. “If there’s any bullshit you gotta get out, do it now.”
“No, wait.” Dean holds him back. “I don’t want to endanger any of you. We don’t know what’s waiting for us. Not to even speak of the fact that you could get fired.”
He’s not got that many problems with this in Kansas. It must be the collision of his new life and his old. His mother still lives in this city as well, after all. Not that he’s got any plans of even incidentally running into her.
Steve feels like a fossil for real when they finally make their way over to the new neighbors, a tray with homemade lemonade in hand. They’re giving off a Stepford vibe that would have him suspicious of himself if he didn’t know better. But he tries to smile when they approach the neighboring house.
Dean gifts him with one of his shy smiles. “Ask anyone, being here, you are already helping.”
At the same time, he can’t tell him. As much as he hates it, as much as it hurts, if he tells Sam, Sam will not let him go. And Sam needs to let him go. Sam’s got Jess. They need to be kept safe. And if they know that Dean’s not actually dead, they’ll be in danger. Dean can’t have that. Even if it means that his brother has to grieve for him and that he’ll never see him again. It’s worth it as long as Sammy is safe.
“Your wife threw you out,” Dean understands.
“Yeah, well, other people love you, too, you moron.”
“Dean, you know that I…,” he breaks off, not entirely sure about his own sentence, especially since Dean keeps looking at him. Cas darts a quick look around but no one else is really close to them. At least that. “That I chose you,” he finishes softly. “There is no need for – all of this.”
And then, finally, everyone is gone and Dean and Cas are alone again. Dean sags at the front door after it’s closed for hopefully the last time today.
“The bathroom is to the right, the bedroom is straight on. I’ll find you towels and a tooth brush. Come on.”
“Sam! Please tell me you didn’t!” Dean groans. He’s been away from the bunker for what? Two days?
A small shiver runs through Cas at the words. His hand comes up to Dean’s hair, tangling into it, though he isn’t gripping, mindful of Dean’s injuries. “Are you sure? Because I don’t think I’ll be able to refuse that invitation from you, Dean.” His voice is husky, lower still than it had been all night.
“Apparently that can be,” he finally says breathlessly and turns the screen towards Dean.
“Yeah, it’s about him. He texted a few days ago and we talked today.”
“Jesus, Cas.” But then, the personal space speech makes no sense anymore and he doesn’t want it to make sense, either. So he opts for reaching out and squeezing Cas’ hand. “No idea. The Sasquatch is too impatient to actually tell me.”
“Cas,” Dean takes his hands. He won’t have much time before Amara will miss him and come looking for him. “Remember what I told you about Sammy and me? About when we were kids?”
“So, did you bring us what we need?” Dean asks without further ado.
Dean thinks his heart might beat right out of his chest. “Yeah, Cas. Definitely. Something more definitely means that.”
It’s such a stupid code. It might work with a stranger but Cas would look through it immediately. Well, maybe not what the code means. Though he knows that Dean has good memories of Sioux Falls. The code for everything is okay. Would the Impala be in Lawrence, then there’d be a problem.
“Then I’ll put you back together,” Cas replies.
“Okay,” Dean sighs a breath of relief. “And you can tell him. Your brother, I mean. I have a feeling it might end up being a scene. So it’s better if he’s warned.”
“Yes, but…”
“At the bar, when you assumed I was gonna…”
“Because of human social norms. They brought us lemonade. We invited them to dinner. As far as I understand it, we now need a reason to go over and talk to them. Anything else would make them even more suspicious.”
“I’m here. I’m still here,” Dean tries to soothe, only it doesn’t have the effect he wants it to have. In fact, Cas’ shoulders start to shake, and yeah, Cas is crying.
When he wakes up, his back aches. He groans as he sits up, stretching out his muscles and getting rewarded with a series of pops along his spine. There, that feels somewhat better at least. God, he would kill for some memory foam. But then he remembers his thoughts from last night and grits his teeth. Back pain is a small price to pay for Cas’ friendship and not even a start to atoning for everything he did to him.
Dean stares at the grainy black and white image.
“Okay, okay,” Dean goes back to AO3, reloading the page in the process. And, “Oh shit. How???”
,” he nods at her wristband, “this meant nothing? This wasn’t your other half?” It’s a low blow and he knows it but he’s sure it’s going to shut her up and make her see the truth of his words.
“You could also tell us what you want,” Steve says.
So when it breaks, he puts his forehead against Cas’, not ready to let go completely. “Okay?” he asks quietly.
Sam laughs and hands the vegetables to Dean to fold into the omelette. Still, he's not that easily distracted. "The question stands, though. How are you so calm about this?"
"There! I heard it again... Sam, do you have a dog in the bunker!!?" Dean asks angrily, because honestly Sam can’t have done that.
“I am,” Dean nods, apparently completely and utterly satisfied with himself and the fact that Cas noticed his acts of service, and not in the slightest catching up on Cas’ meaning.
“What? No, I wasn’t…”
He finds the coin, flips it and he smiles as he says: “Heads, Cas. You get the bed. Now excuse me, I have a couch to prepare.” Before Cas can say anything else Dean is out of the room with his duvet in hand. He can be fast when he wants to be.
Steve’s more careful this time, gives Bucky the moment he needs to see what he is doing, before Steve brushes the hair out of Bucky’s face, pushes it back behind Bucky’s ears and cups his face. “I’ve always loved you, okay? Ever since I met you when I was 12. Understood?”
“Just drive,” Dean tells her, voice not up for anything else.
"You’re Claire’s - ," Dean's mind is still reeling. "You’re sure?”
He blinks, once, twice, but his eyes still show him the same image.
“Buck,” Steve says and immediately cringes at the pain showing in his voice. He knows Bucky doesn’t want his pity, but it’s hard while seeing the images from the file in his mind. Getting visual confirmation of how HYDRA had literally broken Bucky, it’s haunting Steve every day.
“I -,” But the words don’t come. Instead, his eyes are drawn to Cas’ soda. He’s sober. In fact, now that he thinks about it, he hasn’t been drinking at any of their get-togethers. Not where Dean could see, anyway. Dean averts his eyes. “He ain’t gonna,” he says to Charlie, not bothering with the denial he knows is useless.
Steve knows he’s blushing to the roots of his hair but Bucky levels Natasha with a stare. “You could help, you know.”
“No,” Dean shakes his head. “Huh. Guess I never thought about it, but I guess he moved back here for me. It’s not like there’s anything else binding him to this city.”
For a moment, there’s nothing but the static of Dean’s blood rushing in his ears. It’s louder than even the background music in the bar. “Come again?” Dean asks over the noise of his own blood.
Cas’ words rattle around in Dean’s head, complete with Cas’ gobsmacked expression, gradually replaced by hurt when Dean couldn’t take back what he’d said. When his self-hate was too deep that day, a few hours after coming back from spending Christmas at his Dad’s place.
“What happened to him? Michael, I mean?” Dean asks quietly.
This is how everything begins...
“Of all the ways I’ve ever gotten a guy’s number, this is definitely one of the weirdest,” he chuckles to himself. Then he stops stone-cold. Because that was a little leap his heart did there at the thought of having gotten Cas’ number. And his hands had gotten a little sweaty. “I have a crush,” he realizes with a start and immediately takes another gulp of his whiskey. “I’m crushing on Claire’s dad. Holy fuck.”
“No, Cas, no. No excuses. If I ever hurt you, you defend yourself. If you need that to be an order from me, then it is now an order. You don’t let anyone hurt you.
Jack took a deep breath in and then his eyes lit up in two golden circles. Dean felt some of the crushing weight that was on him lift just from that and the world seemed to stand still for just a minute, pain fading away to hope.
Standing with a smirk on her face was Meg. Well… it looked like Meg. But one glance at her told Dean it couldn’t be. There was something ancient about her eyes, something immensely powerful that no mere demon could possess.
Dean frowned and leaned forward, but before he could say anything, Sam spoke up, his voice soft. “
“No- I didn’t- It’s not like that.”
Dean’s face lit up like it always did when he talked about the shelter. He wet his lips the answered, “Yeah. It really did. We made $7,000 more than our goal and there was lots of press there. If we follow it up… we should get all eight women into apartments by the end of the month.”
“Right, Wyoming. So anyway, Dad was off hunting and Dean and I were holed up in this motel room with nothing to do. It was right during winter break, too, so we didn’t even have school to occupy ourselves. Dean gets me up at the ass-crack of dawn and drags me out to this car he had hotwired just so we could have a day outside the motel. We drove for like, ten hours-”
It was kinda embarrassing. But by the time she saw that, they would be engaged, hiding away from the public and watching the show together.
okay enough people on tumblr and here talked me into writing a second part... so here!
“Your mom-” Dean started to repeat but trailed off. “So you brought her a fucking lamp? From the hotel?”
Perfect. So it was what he thought.
This time Sam reached across and pulled him into a tight hug, Dean shaking as he cried silently into his shoulder.
He took one step closer to Cas, so close they were almost touching, and steadied himself. “I won’t” his voice broke and he cursed silently to himself before dropping a hand onto Cas’ shoulder and trying again. “I can’t lose you again.”
“You,” he said before he could change his mind.
The guys all clapped, clearly feeling an energy that Cas didn’t. His world was still spinning, the lights and smoke crowding into his brain and leaving little room for thought.
Cas’ face formed a half-smile and he pressed a quick kiss against Dean’s lips. “I’m ready.”
“Come on, Castiel,” she said, looking around. “You’re doing me a big favor, at least tell me you like it.”
Before Dean could back out--he was too far in--he nodded. Cas gently rested two fingers on his forehead, sending a shiver down his spine. And then the djinn world, hazy and dreamy, was playing again in his mind. He hadn’t been there long. Less than 24 hours. But even rewatching it play quickly before his eyes brought a small smile to his face. Brought the smell of Cas pressed closely to him back.
When no new customers came in he walked over to help Ash make the drinks.
He moved past the living room into the small kitchen, smiling in spite of himself when he saw a bright pink sticky note on the coffee maker.
“Have you figured out what we’re hunting?” he said, his eyes flicking between the two of them. If he picked up on the tension in the room, he didn’t say it.
Crowley took a deep breath and looked him and up and down, his face a mask of disgust. “I’ll leave you for Stella,” he said quietly. Then he walked from the room, each step slow and deliberate.
This was different.
It still didn’t feel real. Cas said to give it time. They’d only been married two days after all. But somehow, he didn’t think this would ever feel real. He didn’t think this bliss was allowed to be real. Because there was nothing hanging over them. Sam and Eileen were on a hunt. Jack was back at the bunker. His family was okay and so was the world.
Dean grinned over at him and picked at the salad that the waiter had just brought. “We are so going out for burgers after this.”
At about 2 in the morning, a producer started gathering everyone into the main room. He guessed Lisa was doing an interview or something, or maybe getting a chance to eat. They were encouraged to talk while they waited.
that wasn’t meant for his eyes.
As he spoke, Benny’s eyes lit up and he leaned forward to match Dean. “I’ve worked with cars all my life. Lost my job a couple months ago and now I’m in sales. But I wish I was working in the garage still.”
The sun was hanging lower in the sky now. Like it knew they were here, watching it. Cas pulled Dean in tighter to him as they watched it slip lower down, colors exploding across the horizon.
Cas smiled and kissed him again before pulling him into his arms and kissing the top of his head.
“I meant it.” They walked toward the house in comfortable silence. Part of him dreaded the reaction of the other guys when he walked back with a rose pinned to his chest, and part of him relished in it.
A voice in the back of his mind told him to change his clothes, to go to the bathroom so Sam’s clean up would be easier. But he didn’t listen to it. That voice was just trying to stall. Was trying to stop him from what needed to be done.
That one was deeper. It split open the vein, causing blood to spray from his arm, covering his clothes in red. Dean let a small smile curl at the corners of his mouth. The blood didn’t look like his life. It looked like his prison. And it was leaving. So he could be free.
“Yes?”
Dean took his hand and shook it, hiding his wince at the tight grip. “Dean Winchester.”
There was a shiver behind him and he turned his head quickly to see Cas’ eyes shifting behind tightly shut lids, his chest rising and falling rapidly beneath the covers.
In a suddenly aggressive move, he reached down for the blade and the gun. He held them, weighing his options, weighing the pain.
Dean smiled at the thought, looking down again at his Led Zeppelin pin.
He saw the fist coming and ducked before taking a step backward.
Dean took a deep breath in of the cold air and looked around at his family with pride.
“Quick interview?”
When it really came down to it, though, he hadn’t been able to drink. It felt like dishonor on Cas’ memory. To numb the pain that Dean deserved to feel totally and completely for the rest of-
“Is that what you want?”
. With them. Alive.
Cas had to give him credit. He didn’t even know who Crowley was and still without hesitation he went after him. Although, Dean always did have a temper to him.
“I just want to say thank you again. This isn’t easy for me. At all. But you guys being here… it means a lot.” She smiled at them (everyone smiled too fucking much on this show) and reached down for the first rose.
Sam would say that Cas wouldn’t have wanted this. That Cas had sacrificed himself for Dean, and to leave would be to dishonor that. But Sam didn’t know the whole story. He hadn’t seen Cas’ face light up, hadn’t heard those words, hadn’t seen him disappear into blackness, into nothingness. But Sam would still try to talk him down, desperation growing in his voice as he realized he couldn’t.
Dean snorted and clenched his fists at his side. They pulled uncomfortably at the bandages and he grit his teeth to stop from saying something.
He surged forward, their lips meeting awkwardly as Cas stumbled backward. He held Cas tight to him, letting his hands drift upward into his hair, and finally Cas started kissing back.
“If,” Sam continued with a smirk, “You talk to Cas about the djinn world.”
“Looks like your friends are here,” he said quietly, tracing the man’s hairline with the cool metal. Cas noted distractedly that his hair was sloppy, like he’s cut it himself months ago and never bothered to try again. From behind him, he could see the drops of sweat running down the sides of his face, but not the man’s eyes. He needed to see his eyes.
He set the envelope on the table and they all stared, transfixed, as he left the room.
He leaned in close, putting his ear right beside Dean’s. “I don’t care how old you are, Dean. You are mine. And they all know it too.”
for us? Cas, you don’t need to
“Fine,” he said. “What are you going to do about it?”
“Let’s go home.”
Then he walked back to the car, trying to gather himself. Because he had to tell another lie. And he wasn’t ready for Sam to be pissed. Wasn’t ready for his brother to think that he wanted to sacrifice his son, when that wasn’t true. Couldn’t be true. And now Cas didn’t know either.
Cas handed him a credit card and Dean started down at his hands, almost letting his jaw drop. Was this guy a fucking angel? No human being could look this perfect.
Dean took a sip, letting the liquid warm his core. There was almost no one here, just a couple families with smaller kids. He passed the cup to Cas, trading him for the sleds, and turned toward the hill.
“Wyoming.”
He would jerk awake, his heart pounding and body paralyzed. Sometimes it would take him a few seconds to know where he was, sometimes it would take him several minutes. Cas always seemed to know, almost instinctively, what he needed. When he wanted to be touched, wanted to have something real and solid to ground him. When he wanted to be left alone, just have someone else in the room to help him through it.
Then, without warning, Cas sat up.
“At an event just like this one,” Cas said softly, as if daring further comment.
“Benny, Harry, Cas, Nick, and, uh,” he glanced down at a clipboard before pointing behind Cas, “Dean. You guys are in this one.”
“Cas-” he immediately broke off. He didn’t know what it was about tonight. Why he felt so comfortable next to the angel, why the room felt so peaceful, so hopeful, why he thought he could actually have this--but he wanted to tell him. He could tell him.
“Are you still there?” Cas asked, the sound of a car door shutting ringing through the tiny speaker on his phone.
“I know,” Cas said with a smile. “I’ll see you tonight.”
“Benny’s a great guy,” Dean said immediately. “We have a lot in common, and I think we both feel a lot more relaxed now that we know not everyone here is an enemy.”
Dean sighed in content and let his hands wander up from the snow to wrap around Cas and pull him toward the ground. Why they hadn’t been doing this all along, he had no idea. Cas was everything. Cas meant everything. So why couldn’t he and Cas have everything?
There was rustling on the other end, and then, “Okay. I love you.”
When he forced himself to sit back up, Benny and Harry had claimed the other bunk bed and Nick had sprawled dramatically on the twin in the corner. Dean was just standing in the middle of the room glancing around dumbly.
“Dean-”
“What, no nickname?”
But he didn’t. He was greeted with wide, fearful eyes that darted around rapidly, taking in his surroundings.
He took the paper and looked down at the neatly pencilled address. When he looked up, all he caught was a glimpse of her bright red hair swishing behind her as she left the room.
But they didn’t.
Dean laughed and after a second they both joined in. “That’s better than going crazy,” he said nonchalantly. “I’m sure she appreciated a little silence.”
still need you. So you don’t get to decide when your time is up ‘cause you’re too damn important.” His chest was heaving as another tense silence filled the room, but he didn’t care. He just jabbed a finger at Cas. “Don’t fucking leave me.” His voice had dropped, coming out raspy and goddamn broken. He didn’t even care. His mind was still reeling, the words
Glancing around outside he couldn’t see her, but he walked out anyway. It was a really beautiful house, even though he’d heard the pool wasn’t heated. Who the fuck cared when you grew up on cheap outdoor motel pools anyway?
“What the hell?” Jake shouted.
“Dean, please.” And he shouldn’t have looked in his brother’s eyes. He’d avoided them so far. But they were so wide and vulnerable, darting between Dean and Cas. He looked sad, and Dean wondered briefly why before he pushed off Cas a little.
The guy took them through the steps, and Cas’ mind settled, falling into the routine. The first half wasn’t that bad. Simple stuff, more about owning the move than skill, according to Jay.
wow me updating again what is this
He was the exact kind of guy Cas had expected to find here. Arrogant, unfeeling, fuckboy vibes practically rolling off him. He was a dick. But Cas had plenty of experience with dicks.
Even with his eyes closed, a soft smile slipped across his face.
“Cas?”
He took a deep breath and pulled the knife from his coat. But he couldn’t use it. Taking out another of Crowley’s kin wasn’t the smartest movie.
Balthazar nodded before turning and melting into the darkness.
and he pushed it away.
“Did he ever tell you?”
Once they were out of the room, Cas’ mind started to clear a little more, and he looked around, blinking. He could do this. He’d be fine. Just a duet… at least he hadn’t gotten the solo act.
Something on Sam’s face changed and Dean immediately regretted this. It was a stupid idea. Founded in a daydream he would never get. But now Sam had that look on his face he got when he was planning something, when he knew something Dean didn’t.
Jack was walking away and it was too late. It was too late because Dean didn’t think he would have to say anything. He thought Jack would bring it up and they would never have to know that he missed Cas so desperately it hurt. It hurt so goddamn bad.
“Sorry, I’ll go now and give you a minute. Do you want me to get Chris or-”
“What story?” Cas and Jack said in unison.
The cold air bit into them the second they stepped out into the busy New York street. Cas wrapped his coat tighter around himself and slipped Dean’s arm through his own.
“I don’t owe you anything. You gave me nothing. But I needed to say that. Needed you to hear it. Because I finally know that you were wrong. All those years, all that pain… you were wrong.”
He moved towards the stairs and was stopped by a hand on his chest.
“Well, brother, you better go get ready,” Dean said, slapping him on the back.
Scott nodded at her and turned to more fully face the guys. “Today, we’re going to be exposing you gentleman,” he paused briefly, glancing at the stage and smirking, “To the fine art of male exotic dancing.” Some of the braver guys in the group cheered again, but silence fell quickly. “Each of you will be performing on that stage later this afternoon. You’ll each have your own coach to help you, teach you the art.”
“Cas…” Dean mumbles, involuntarily retreating half a step, because Cas’ righteous fury feels dangerous.
He wants to deny it but he nods anyway. “I hurt someone, Granny. I hurt them bad.”
Steve doesn’t need to know the sign for
It stings more than Dean wants to admit.
“Thanks,” Cas says drily though he’s not really got a leg to stand on.
So many memories.
“Can you check?” Sam asks, sounding more impatient by the minute.
“Yep,” comes the short answer.
“You’re not here tomorrow?” Castiel sounds disappointed. “I wasn't aware of that.”
“It’s okay, Steve. It’s okay,” Bucky says but his smile is too soft and he lets his bangs fall over his eyes to hide his expression behind them.
“You’re not half bad at this, Barnes,” Natasha says and opens another console. “Where’d you learn this?”
That is how he ends up climbing onto the coach of the wagon that holds the weapons and his chest and Dean’s. These days, it’s also got their furs for the night laid out to dry during the day. It’s the only place where there’s something that is his. As much as anything in this world is his. He shouldn’t be in here, shouldn’t make the horses that are drawing the carriage work harder just because the tears won’t stop flowing from his eyes, but he does it anyway, because he’s shaking and he can’t fall back.
“Well, yeah?” Steve says, not comprehending.
Puzzled turns into worried as Dean watches Cas’ disappear. He looks at his hands again. They’re clean. Unbuttoning his sleeve and pushing it up to his elbow is an automatic movement at this point. He does it anywhere between once and a dozen times a day, depending how stable he feels. He presses his thumb into the spot. It doesn’t help. He can still feel it. He can always feel it, even when he knows the Mark is not there anymore. Even with the visual evidence right before his eyes.
He has to bite his lips to keep the sounds in that want to escape when he imagines Cas’ fingers on his skin, moving with purpose instead of just holding him up. Would he be demanding immediately, forcing Dean to accommodate him, or would he take it slow, stretching out chaste touches until Dean is begging him for more?
happened.
“Obviously,” Steve echoes.
“Dean, has anyone ever told you that you show signs of paranoia? Our neighbors are not automatically our enemy,” Cas says and shakes his head as if he can’t believe Dean.
“Of course I missed you. Every day. I missed your mother, too. But I knew I had left you behind well-loved and well-cared for. So whenever the sadness got too strong, I imagined you were laughing right this second. Playing with your best friend at church. Helping your mother bake cookies. Walking the Johnson’s dog.”
“It’s okay.”
“Don’t.”
Because no way is Dean going to let some random chick get away with flirting with his angel. So he had wrapped his arm around Cas’ waist and said in his most sugary tone,
Steve rolls his eyes, heavy topic not laid to rest, but accepting the turn into something lighter. “The term’s
, okay? Deal with it!” Cas yells and turns back to the dishes.
Actually, his whole trip to Washington seems to be filled with people of this kind: Missouri, Balthazar, and now Hannah. It makes a knowledge that he had forgotten for a long time seep back into him: He is not alone. There are people out there who he can count on.
Cas shrinks back from him a little and holds his hands up in a disarming gesture.
“I’m sorry if I went too far,” Cas says quietly, suddenly much more the guy with the bees than the guy in charge. “My friends tell me that my social skills are underwhelming. I tend to do what I feel is right and forget social norms. It’s one reason why I like – this,” he admits. “It’s very clear what is wanted and what isn’t. Usually, anyway.”
“Cas!” Dean stops him just in time. “We don’t talk about family matters with strangers, remember? No offense,” he adds towards Steve and Bucky.
“My boyfriend asked me to hurt him and I did.”
“Hi!” The redhead in a Legend of Zelda sweatshirt greets him with a friendly wave. “I’m Charlie. You must be Dean.”
There’s a loud squeal and Charlie flings herself at the other redhead. “Oh my God, Tasha, I love you!”
Sam stays behind to help decorating the tree, but Bobby follows him, so Dean cracks open another bottle and hands it over. Together, they watch the scramble for the best decorations and the immediate chair grabbing to get to the top of the tree. Cas valiantly tries to stabilize whoever is climbing up to make sure no more accidents happen. Dean absentmindedly rubs his elbow where it had gotten crushed in the fall earlier. Jo, man, always in fifth gear already when everyone else is still in second. Already, she’s dragging a second chair up, meaning Cas has to split his attention and stabilize two people now.
This Monday was shittier than expected so far, so at least have a chapter. :)
“Yeah,” Dean nods. “You’re her father. But, you know, I'm kinda still gonna have to insist on some ground rules.”
“So, complete coincidence that you crashed your plane into the ocean a mere couple of months after I took a tumble down a mountain?”
“Shit,” Dean runs a hand through his hair. “Shit. It’s gotta be as real as possible.”
Balthazar laughs. “Still a little stuck up, huh?”
“Breathe, Dean.”
Just not Cas. Because it’s Cas. And Dean’s pretty sure that it’s completely screwed up but his trust in Cas doesn’t even stop at Cas almost killing him. He’s given himself over even in those moments.
“He said goodbye to you,” Cas repeats, somewhat stunned. He hadn’t known that. “He didn’t with me. With me, he just chose me to…”
“Huh?”
“Oh, he says Hi by the way and sorry and he would have come himself but he had no time. Which I believe has to do with the cute girl that works at the store downstairs. Long brown hair, always smiles at him?”
Suddenly, all Cas feels is lost. He has no idea where to go from here. He’s kept running for so long. Literally and metaphorically.
Dean’s so completely astounded by that insight that he involuntarily moves again.
Immediately, Cas is back at Dean’s side, close enough that their shoulders keep brushing. Neither Charlie nor Gabe comment on it, and Dean himself doesn’t take any measures to bring some distance between them, either, Cas’ solid presence at his side welcome whether he wants to admit it or not.
Still, Dean turns them so that his own body is shielding Charlie before he lets go of her. He’s not taking any risks. If she is really Charlie, he’s not going to lose her again.
“You’re figuring out what?”
Dean rolls his eyes. “What do you think I’m going to do?”
And holy moly, Cas is all solid muscles and warmth, and bee aprons aren’t sexy or shouldn’t be anyway and Dean is going to need a cold shower. Judging by the extremely smug look Cas gives him when he finally steps back, Cas knows it, too.
“Dean, she would never! What you talk about will stay strictly between the two of you.” He stretches out a hand as if to lay it on Dean’s shoulder reassuringly but then thinks better of it. “She did mention something about a - console?” he adds with a puzzled little head tilt.
She dissolves into peals of laughter. “No worries, sweetheart, I’ve already had breakfast, I’m not going to eat you up.” She winks at him. “So, what do you think of my two good boys? Steve and Bucky, I mean,” she clarifies. “And don’t just say:
“You gave him your number? As in
“Apparently I’m fussy about that,” Dean agrees. “So, umm, we good?”
They’re uncomfortably close this way, the man bent all the way over Dean, his trench coat brushing Dean’s legs and side.
The words are echoing in his mind, mixing with other similar words.
Hannah’s laughter dissolves, a steep frown appearing on her forehead. “You know, I was furious when I learned what happened. I think I never told you, but I’d asked about you that summer and Naomi told me you were at summer camp. I was disappointed and hurt that you hadn’t told me. But then you didn’t come back to school, and when you finally did come back, you...,” she shakes her head. “Adults tend to believe teenagers are not aware of what is happening but I knew how to listen and I heard enough… I wish I could have helped you. But there was nothing I could do.  You had to carry everything alone. I’m still so sorry for that…”
that Natasha’s teasing has brought up to the recesses of his mind where he can bury them to be forgotten.
It's hard to be an effective hunter when there's pie and kisses.
Dean huffs, because he knows how long it took him to accept any of the things he felt. It was quite a long journey. Actually, if he’s honest, it’s a journey that’s still going on.
“Bucky, please,” Steve whispers.
Dean chuckles but at the same time it feels good. Dean made an effort and Cas not only doesn’t take it for granted, he makes an effort as well.
“Are you here to,” Dean swallows hard, “take her with you?”
“I have no idea what Jesus Christ has to do with it,” is what Cas finally chooses to say.
Abruptly, Cas draws his hand back. “There is no need to pity me.”
Steve shakes his head, “We were over for dinner at their place last night, they couldn’t have had the time.”
Charlie looks from one of them to the other, her eyes staying on Cas for a long time. Then she nods like she’s decided something. “Well, the system is hypocritical and it sucks. So, as long as I can help, I’m in.”
So instead of denying it, Dean shrugs and gives Cas his best coy smile. "Told you I was flirting."
“And a blonde dating someone from the reservation,” Dean sighs. “People are fucked up sometimes.”
“By being badass,” Dean answers and this time his smile is real. “You see now why I don’t believe we have to be worried about how she treats you?”
“In any case,” Charlie picks the conversation back up. “Things are going to be even easier this time around because I have access to government computers. If Rowena’s son knows a decent print shop, I think we can have your documents in place in no time.”
There goes all will to write anything more. If he can’t break this bond, he has a feeling his will to live won’t be far behind. He throws his phone on the table and stares at the wall. Why her? It makes no sense to him why the universe would do this to him.
“Okay,” Steve sighs a relieved sigh. “Okay. Thanks, Bucky.”
“I, umm, am not actually sure I’ve still got him. I only told him today. About what happened to me. And about Gabe.”
“And how did you… How did you know it was me?”
Dean groans. “You should have been Slytherin, I swear.” But then he remembers that his stupid Hufflepuff scarf is still in the drawer of his closet, along with his other winter clothes. He’s never going to see that scarf again, either.
“What? No!”
Better go on with the inventory. Legs. Where are his legs? Oh, right, they’re splayed out in front of him. He concentrates. ‘Come on, leg,’ he urges his muscles on. But nope, no dice. He takes a deep breath. He’s got to calm down. Soon as the world isn’t swimming anymore, it’ll all be fine.
“Hey Dean,” the apparition smiles. “Please don’t try to kill me, okay? Just get out the holy water and the salt and whatever else you have to do.”
“Yeah… Our bed is - kingsized? I think. It’s pretty big,” Dean says and tries to desperately remember whether someone has ever mentioned that.
“I’m in them?” Bucky asks wide-eyed.
beautiful.”
Possibly obvious warning: When they get to the club, there is some equipment that in our world could be used for BDSM. However, in this universe there is nothing safe, sane or consensual about the use of this equipment or about anything else that has been done to the omegas at this club.
such mistake.”
There’s a tiny smirk in Bucky’s eye when he looks over at Steve, or at least Steve thinks it’s there. His imagination might be playing tricks on him. Then Bucky grabs the pitcher and fills the glasses to hand them out one by one. It’s surreal, seeing Bucky like this, perfectly docile, serving drinks, like he’s not only playing the role of the suburbanite, but like he actually takes a weird sort of pleasure in filling the role of the 1940s housewife in this little charade.
So he hadn’t. He’d begged Cas not to do this. Not to be taken away. But Cas hadn’t listened. It had been too late anyway. His joy was sealed, and so was his fate. He didn’t need to hear it back to be happy.
She exchanged a few words with a couple of them and then held her hands out to the building behind them.
He could still see it, vivid as ever. The fifty years blended together but the landscape was stark in his mind. Bright flashes of lightning illuminating everlasting fires and tortured souls. He could see the chains in the sky, the jagged mountains, the place that had been his workstation--all of it in vivid color, seeping into his mind like a poison.
All of his thoughts stopped. His mind was completely empty as he leapt from the rock facing the sea and whirled around to find Cas standing there, his expression blank.
Cas nodded as a smile spread over his face and Dean widened his eyes in mock surprise.
“You don’t deserve cleaner.”
“God, someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed,” Charlie said, tucking her hair behind her ear. “Or maybe just a bed with no one in it.”
“That went well,” Cas started.
“So Castiel is really shacking up, huh? With a little twink too.”
Jake started rocking back and forth, acting like he was taking the kick of a machine gun. Even with a fake gun, the accuracy of the motion was scary.
“Just saying. You need a girlfriend. Or maybe a boyfriend at this point, it hasn’t really worked out with any of the girls.” She gave him a smug smile as he blushed and turned away. “Dean, c’mon.”
“And can I name a get for that- get a name for that?” he mumbled, cheeks burning.
“Why don’t you ask him?”
Dean cut him off with another bruising kiss.
By the time Garth was waltzing out onto the stage, a grin that could be described nicely as goofy and more accurately as idiotic plastered to his face, Cas could barely think straight.
“You know you don’t need to worry about my work.”
Dean shrugged and looked down at the outfit. “Wild West was fu-” he glanced at the cameraman behind Cas, “Friggin’ awesome, dude. Don’t tell me you’ve never seen a Western?” he added with a lopsided grin.
Dean sighs. “At least they are not too small.” The bed is not as big as he had remembered it, definitely not king-size.
“We can at least get something out of them before Sam gets here,” Dean adds impatiently. “Come on, Cas.”
He’s been attacking the weeds with a vengeance but now he looks up. “Uh, hey.”
, huh?” she grins. And when Cas actually blushes at the words she outright chuckles. “You used tongue, too, huh? I approve.”
“Can you sleep at all?” Steve asks because he isn’t sure. It seems to him that Bucky’s breathing becomes deep and regular once they’re settled in together, their blankets wrapped tightly around them, though the downy duvets never quite want to let themselves be rolled up as tightly as army regulation blankets would.
“You know that that’s not true,” Cas says with a soft voice and gentle expression.
“Well, of course, Dean,” Cas says like it’s the most normal thing in the world to say. “You didn’t think that I’d leave you, did you?”
“Death is a fact of life, Dean,” Charlie says.
“I’ll think about it, okay?”
is a word that maybe describes him well. So Cas should be the one who sets the speed. Who is in control.
“Suit yourself,” Ellen shrugs but she also magicks some yarn and a needle out of one of the drawers and starts stringing popcorn pieces.
“It’s Christmas Eve,” Dean argues.
“What?” Cas frowns. “I didn’t startle you this time, did I?”
“You know what, you two can figure it out together. What a normal life means. What you got to do to make it work.”
“I’m trying to help, Dean,” Cas continues softer. “And I know that you don’t trust people easily, but if you give it a chance, it could be a start.”
