Anyway, I hope y'all will like this new chapter and that the reactions and stuff are believeable...I haven't exactly been in a similar situation so it's difficult for me to write and I hope I did alright with it. Please let me know what you thought!
Dean just nodded weakly and Sam grabbed the Impala’s keys and left him alone with his sleeping angel.
The next morning, Cas woke up with Dean plastered to his side like an octopus, happier than he’d been in a while.
"Yeah, whatever. I'm exhausted", Dean answered, half-asleep already. Cas just smiled and closed his eyes as well, softly carding through Dean's hair with his fingers. Barely two minutes later, the hunter was fast asleep and Cas let himself drift into unconsciousness, too.
In lieu of a verbal answer, Cas stripped off his own clothes probably faster than ever before and finally joined Dean on the bed, crawling up his body on his hands and knees and claiming his lips in a kiss that stole the breath straight from his lungs. Dean’s hands reached up to clutch Cas’ hair and shoulder as his mouth was absolutely devoured and he loved every second.
“That was…unexpected”, Dean panted eventually. Cas just grinned down at him and circled his hips, his hands on Dean’s chest for support. The angel lifted himself up and sank back down; slowly at first but steadily gaining speed. Dean soon started to buck his hips up to meet Cas’ thrusts, but it just wasn’t enough for him at the moment.
At home, Dean cooks lunch for Sam, who - even though he's only 13 - is a gigantic nerd and much too mature for his age. He also has the annoying ability to tell whenever his brother isn't feeling well. And he usually doesn't stop asking him about it until Dean tells him.
"You wanna catch some flies, Sammy?" Dean asked with a smirk. Sam snapped his mouth shut and gave him a bitchface.
"Are you complaining?" he asked, attacking Cas' throat with his mouth, leaving hickeys in his wake as he worked himself down to a nipple, which he gently took between his teeth and tugged on. Cas buried his hands in Dean's hair again, moaning as his sensitive nipple was stimulated.
Dean clenched around him on purpose, eyes fluttering shut at another perfect drag of Cas’ head against that special spot. “Yeah, baby, I’m yours, fuck, only yours,” he promised breathlessly, thrilling at Cas’ answering, broken groan.
Dean really took his time preparing him, wanting to minimalize the pain for his lover by stretching him extra long and thorough with four fingers.
"Thank you, Mrs Harvelle, Charlie", Dr. Novak said gratefully and the two women exited the room, leaving him to wonder about their conversation. He'd really thought that basically everyone who knew him and his husband knew that that's exactly what they are to each other - husbands. Obviously, he'd been very wrong in that assumption. With a shrug, he went back to his lunch, one hand placed protectively on his belly now that no one was there to see him and find out about his 'condition'. It's not that he didn't want anyone to know, actually he could scream it from the rooftops for everyone to hear, but it was just easier not to let all of his colleagues know yet. He was only just over two months along, after all, and he didn't want everyone to constantly fuss about him.
Sam and Dean had just finished a case and were getting ready to leave their motel room and head back to the bunker, when suddenly Castiel popped into the room and just collapsed onto the floor in an unconscious heap.
“It’s ok, Cas. I mean, it’s kinda weird and all but I’ll get used to it eventually. So if you would like to use this term, we can do that”, he assured him.
“Good morning, Dean”, Cas answered and leaned in for another kiss, deeper and more demanding than the last. He rolled on top of Dean, straddling him, as their kiss grew gradually more heated. Cas moaned into Dean’s mouth when the hunter ran his hands down his back and between his cheeks, circling the still somewhat stretched opening.
Cas looked at him, confused, his head tilting in this Cas-typical way Dean found absolutely adorable (not that he'd ever admit to that).
Framed pictures were scattered all over the walls, of the two of them alone and with Sam and Jess or Charlie and Garth and the rest of the gang. He'd even managed to take a few photos of Ellen and Bobby and Jo without one of them holding a hand in front of their face or turning away from the camera like they were prone to do. He caught John staring intently at a large picture of him and Cas at their wedding, Cas looking absolutely stunning in a black tux and both of them smiling way too big to really kiss but trying their damnest anyway.
Dean opened the door and hopped down the stairs, immediately starting to look for his fiancé. He found Cas reading in their bedroom and he quickly joined him on the bed and kissed him fiercely.
"It's nothing, I just- I was gonna call Sammy, tell him about dad, y'know? But I don't know what to say to him so he won't be pissed and refuse to meet him immediately. I mean, that moose holds a serious grudge against him, even more so than me. I'm just scared this will cause a rift between us," Dean admitted quietly, sighing softly as Cas started gently carding his fingers through Dean's blond hair.
“I just assumed you were straight and I didn’t want to ruin our friendship by telling you how I feel.”
After that, they’d lie there, sated and snuggled together, kissing and whispering declarations of love to each other before eventually falling asleep, wrapped up in either their blankets or Cas’ wings.
. Sam just sat there, frozen, trying to contain his fury. His brother had finally found someone who loved him just as much as Dean loved them and douche bags like this guy just destroyed this.
Finally back at the bunker, Dean hastily excused himself and ran off to his room. When he got there, Cas was already standing in the middle of the room, waiting for him. Dean grabbed him and kissed him hungrily, passionately. Cas responded immediately and opened his mouth for Dean’s tongue to enter. The hunter began to unbutton Cas’ white button-down and shoved it off his shoulders alongside the trench coat and suit jacket.
"I love you", he whispered, and they both stilled their movements for a moment. Cas smiled at him, this wide smile that he only reserved for Dean, and it stole Dean's breath like every time.
"And before you say anything, no, I didn't go easy on him, okay? I told him in no uncertain terms that I won't hesitate to kick him to the curb if he said just one shitty thing about me or Cas or our life in general and I made it very clear that he'll have a shit ton of work to do before we'll think about forgiving him. But you know how badly I've always wished for a good father-son relationship and I really wanna give it a shot, okay? I know that Cas will always have my back, but your support would mean a lot to me, so please just- think about it?" He finally let himself take a deep, shuddering breath after he'd gotten it all out there. Cas and Sam hadn't tried to get in a word during Dean's speech, both knowing very well that he would lose his nerve and needed to get it out all at once.
"Yes, see you, Charlie", Kevin called back half-heartedly, lost in thought. Dr. Novak was pregnant. Who would've thought, huh? He'd noticed him seeming a bit...different lately, but that particular option had not come to his mind. Shaking his head to clear it, Kevin continued his walk to the cafeteria for some much needed caffeine to satiate his everlasting coffee cravings.
Once they had Mary settled into the room next to Dean and Cas' and the newlyweds were back in their own room, the exhaustion came back full force. Dean barely managed to strip out of his suit before he collapsed face-first onto the bed. He was distantly aware of Cas getting undressed, too, and climbing into bed next to him. Then, the blankets were suddenly, magically, on top if him and Cas was wrapped around him like an octopus, and seconds later Dean was fast asleep, his last thought being
So, I hope you liked it, it was my first time writing bottom!Dean and I'd love to know what you thought. Also, I'm open for suggestions for that epilogue, if you even want one. Please let me know about that!
“You gotta speak a little louder, Cas, I’ve got no clue of what the hell you just said.” Cas looked up and locked his gaze with Dean’s and then he repeated himself, very loud and clearly and so that Dean won’t be able to misunderstand him.
When Dean’s finger found his entrance again, it immediately sunk in to the second knuckle, the angel already stretched and ready to go. He pulled away from their kiss and looked at Cas questioningly.
Once, they were just having a lazy day, hanging out at the bunker and watching movies and stuff, when someone knocked at the bunker’s door. They put the film on pause and looked at each other questioningly, silently asking themselves who could possibly be visiting them. Dean got up and grabbed his gun, just in case, and made his way to the door. The others followed him quickly.
"This is- a lot to take in, sorry I...I don't really know what to think. On one side I'm- thrilled that he's alive and making an effort, apparently. And my heart tells me to give him a chance, too. But what if we end up getting hurt again? I'm not sure how we'd cope with all of that again, especially you."
Sam watched Dean and Cas on the other side of the diner’s table with a partly happy, partly grossed out expression on his face. They were behaving disgustingly cute and kept kissing, sweet and tender and pretty much
The words made Cas’s breath catch as he felt himself fall even more in love with the other man. Dean really wasn’t the best at expressing his feelings verbally so this meant a lot to him. He smiled, wide and gummy, pressing another quick kiss to Dean’s plush lips before responding. “I know, Dean. I know I don’t have any reason to worry with you,” he said truthfully, and Dean’s impish expression from earlier returned suddenly.
"Do you need to clear your head a bit more," he asked, voice laden with suggestion as he trailed a hand down his husband's firm chest, "or would you rather have your reward after your talk with Sam?" He watched as Dean's eyes darkened with arousal at the implication and he seemed to consider the offer carefully.
"So 'dog' is male, 'cat' is female and 'horse' is neither? What the actual fuck? That doesn't make any sense to me!"
“Dean Winchester, you are a menace,” he growled, seeing red at the images Dean was putting in his head. He knew he wasn’t being rational, knew that Dean was way too loyal to cheat, knew that most of these people just couldn’t know that Dean was taken. And wasn’t that a thought? Dean with his ring on his finger, showing everyone that they couldn’t have him? But it was too early for that, they’d only been dating for little more that a year. He’d probably just push Dean away with such an idea.
or something to flirt with everyone, as far as he can tell it's just him. He thought he's made it pretty clear that he's not interested but he's been here for three years now and she doesn't seem to be giving up any time soon.  "You seem to be in a good- wait. Since when are you
," he answered with a flirty wink. "And Cas? Please don't ever mention Sam's name again while you're talking to me in your sex voice, okay?" Cas laughed and watched as Dean took his phone again and visibly steeled himself before searching Sam's number in the contacts.
Dean stayed in his chair by the bed and ate a burger and some pie. Then he continued waiting for Cas to wake up, but eventually fell asleep himself.
Sometimes, when they would be alone in the bunker for some time, Dean would strip Cas down and lay him onto their bed gently. The room would only be lit by a multitude of candles and on the bed there would be rose petals – because even if Dean always played the macho, he could be surprisingly sappy and romantic. So he’d lay his fiancé down onto the soft, white, rose-petal-scattered sheets and he’d worship his body for hours, determined to show him how precious he was to Dean. The hunter would kiss every inch of his angel’s perfect, slender frame, after running his hands over the flawless skin reverently, massaging gently.
Though after a little while of being opened up on three digits, Cas’ hot gaze seemingly burning on his skin with how intensely he was watching his every move, Dean was starting to become impatient again. “Are you gonna fuck me some time today, or what?” he asked, raising one eyebrow in challenge, just for the cocky expression to turn into one of bliss when Cas chose that moment to massage his prostate firmly instead of humoring him with an answer to his goading.
“So eager, aren’t we?” he said teasingly and leaned in to kiss his angel briefly before turning the water on and adjusting its temperature. He got under the spray and motioned for Cas to join him, then he squeezed some shampoo into his hands and started working it into the angel’s dark hair. At first, Cas looked at him as if he wanted to say something like
He loved everything about Dean and he was so, so happy to finally have him that his eyes were glowing with it, full of love and happiness. He used his hands in his hunter’s neck to pull him down into another kiss that left them both slightly out of breath.
It was his dad, looking at them with an expression that said he clearly wasn't entirely comfortable with their relationship - at least if he had to witness such open displays of affection - yet. Dean actually blushed slightly, embarrassed, while Cas seemed to have a super-intense staring contest with John (who, of course, had no chance against an actual Angel of the Lord).
He picked his phone up and searched for Charlie in his phone list. He pressed the green button and waited impatiently for her to pick up, falling back onto his bed as he did so. On the third ring, the call finally got accepted.
Before Dean can come to a conclusion, though, he is startled by a pair of arms wrapping around his waist from behind. Lisa's eyes widen almost comically.
The door flew open and Mary Winchester stood in front of them, still in her nightgown. She smiled as she saw Dean, not having expected to see him, and pulled him into a tight hug. He had to let go of Cas' hand to hug her back properly.
The man stood up and walked over to their table. He’d just opened his mouth to throw some more insults at Dean and Cas, but Sam was faster. He stood up and punched the guy straight in the face. He just wasn’t able to hear one more of his stupid insults, even if they weren’t directed at Sam himself. The man fell on the ground, covering his broken, bleeding nose with his hands.
he heard Cas speak again, sounding slightly impatient. Dean wondered who could be calling for him and didn't know his husband.
"Hey Babe?" he asked, and pressed a kiss into the angel's dark hair. The other man just hummed in response, prompting him to continue.
“C-Cas, fuck,” Dean moaned as he handed him the lube bottle. But Cas just set it aside and went back to the plug, pulling and twisting it until Dean was a writhing mess on the bed. “Please, Cas, c’mon…” Dean pleaded, desperate for more.
Sam returned twenty minutes later, Dean and Cas still exactly like he’d left them. He handed his brother a bag with food and the car keys and went to his own room.
After he'd lost against Cas, he resettled his gaze on Dean, who was desperately trying to come up with something - anything - to say, but was thankfully saved by his mom, who had been talking to Ellen and was now coming towards them quickly.
"Dad called," he repeated eventually, tone betraying his shock and disbelief. "So he's not dead after all, just- didn't care? What did he want?"
"Bobby, this is Castiel, Cas this is Bobby, who I've already told you about." Bobby looked actually shocked, of course knowing the whole story, but managed to reach out a hand and shake Cas' firmly.
His hips bucked up involuntarily as Dean began tongue-fucking him, and he writhed on the bed, not even caring that this was the complete opposite of 'cooling him down'.
“Ok, it’s five doors down the hall. Hurry up, I’m hungry.” Oh god, always bitching about being hungry and then he eats nothing except a
"Sorry, I uh- I should- I really should get to work now, guys," she stammers, grabbing her mug off the counter and fleeing the kitchen quickly. "See you around," she calls over her shoulder before disappearing around the next corner. Dean turns to face his fiancé.
He decides to call his boyfriend and tell him about his plans before he does anything else. He picks up his smartphone and dials Cas' number. On the second ring, he picks up.
"Well, I can't really say anything about that. I mean, sure, they're both objectively very attractive men, but you know that men in general just really don't do it for me", Charlie answered. "But they're cute together, that much is definitely true. Oh, I also accidentally told Kevin about the pregnancy thing", Charlie added, almost as an afterthought, biting her lip guiltily even though Jo couldn't see her.
"Good?" Dean asked from behind him, caringly. All Cas could manage was a jerky nod and a desperate whimper, but it was enough for the blond to understand.
Dean opened the door slightly, peered around it cautiously, and visibly relaxed as he saw who it was. He opened the door fully and Charlie entered the bunker with a cheery
“You – you are attracted to me?” he asked, incredulous. This had to be the best day of his life. Cas turned his gaze away from him, but Dean shuffled closer on the bed and gripped his chin gently to turn his head back to him.
you to give me another chance. Just one. I won't disappoint you. I'll give my fuckin' best to be a real father to you and Sammy. Just please, please, let me see you again and let me try to convince you that I changed. You don't even have to decide right now. I can wait. You have my number now, you can think it through and give me a call, take all the time you need. I made you wait ten years, I'll survive a few days of waiting. Just...
Dean rolled his eyes and turned to Cas, who already looked a little bit annoyed and impatient. They had decided that it would be best to let Ash get the others, instead of Cas flying around between the heavens to bring them here, because Dean was worried that it'd drain him too much. Cas had only agreed reluctantly, and after Dean threatened with no sex for an entire week.
The rest of the drive was torture for Dean. He was painfully hard and he wanted desperately to make love to his angel right then and there. He just hoped Sam wouldn’t notice his current state, because
I guess I'll be ending this story soon, the wedding will probably be in the next chapter, then maybe I'll also write the wedding night, and then eventually an epilogue, but I didn't have a good idea for that yet.
“Love ya too, Angel”, Dean said and gave him another brief kiss. “Come on, we have to meet Sam now.”
"Castiel Winchester", he announced, frowning when there came nothing but silence from the other side. "Hello?"
"I'm sure that won't happen, sweetheart. Sam is a very understanding man and he would never judge you for giving your father another chance, even if he himself won't do so. You should just talk to him, explain everything that John said and your feelings on the matter as well as the fact that you made your stance very clear to your father and you aren't making it easy for him. Sam has a big heart, he always sees the good in everyone and even though he and John never really got along, I think he secretly wishes for a good relationship between all of you, too, and will therefore also give him another chance to prove himself to you both. He may be even more critical than you and it may take quite a while to work through everything that happened in the past and establish a relatively normal family relationship, but I strongly believe that it can work as long as all three of you put in an effort and are willing to eventually forgive certain things that happened in the past. I will support you no matter what, you know that," Cas said, hoping that he was able to encourage his husband with his words. He knew that Dean still struggled with the events from his childhood at times and that his father's estrangement still hurt him deeply.
Dean already feared that they would be thrown out, but the barkeeper just smirked as he watched the man leave and continued his work. Cas started to say something, probably wanting to thank him, but Sam told him to drop it and so they just finished their dinner and drove back to the bunker in silence.
“You sure ‘bout this?” he asked caringly. The angel nodded without even a second of hesitation. Dean chuckled at his eagerness and squeezed an adequate amount of lube onto his fingers. He kissed the blue-eyed man again while reaching down and circling his tight hole with one lubed-up finger. Cas’ breath hitched when Dean’s digit breached the ring of muscle and slid in to the first knuckle. Dean paused, letting him adjust to the feeling, before sliding the finger in deeper. When Cas started writhing underneath him, Dean gently pushed in a second finger and began to move them in and out of the angel carefully, scissoring them apart. Cas moaned loudly and soon fucked himself back onto Dean’s fingers, trying to force them even deeper. The hunter added a third finger and Cas groaned in pleasure.
“That had totally been much better and much more important than seeing Kevin before today”, Dean smirked. Sam groaned.
Just then, someone knocked on their door. Dean groaned in displeasure as Cas rolled off of him to lie beside him again.
With another annoyed sound, Cas threw the blankets off of himself and hurried over to the little table in the hallway where their phone was stationed. He didn't recognize the number, but shrugged and accepted the call anyways.
Cas was pretty sure that he left behind a large puddle of sweat around his seat. Poor cleaning lady.
"No", came the sleepy reply. Cas leaned back to look into his face, confusion clearly showing in his features.
The car had been even worse. It was a forty-five minute drive from work to their house and it'd been pretty much unbearable, AC or no.
They went out of their room and down the hall to Sam’s, and when Dean knocked, the door immediately burst open and they were greeted with a major bitch face.
Fifteen minutes later, Dean, Cas, Sam and the others were standing on a beautiful clearing, a perfect circle surrounded by tall trees. There was an altar at the far end of the area and a handful of chairs placed in several neat rows on either side of the aisle.
"I will support whatever decision Dean makes. His happiness is what's most important to me," he answered sincerely, smiling at Dean the whole time.
"Dad?" he asked, and Cas could hear his voice shake just slightly. He decided to give Dean some privacy and went to the kitchen to start making dinner.
Dean knew Cas practically since he was born, just three months after Dean himself and they have been inseparable for the whole seventeen years they’ve already spent in this world. Nevertheless, Dean had only started to see Cas’ wings when they were fourteen. At first, he could barely make out their outlines, but as time went on, he became able to see them better gradually.
Dean was currently buried under the hood of some old car which's engine wouldn't start anymore, when Bobby called for him.
house at all, mostly making up for lost time. Sunday morning the moving truck arrived, and they carried all the furniture and stuff inside in record time, just to be able to jump each other again as soon as possible.
"I don't think that will be necessary," Cas remarks drily. "I guess I'm just not the only one who thinks you're irresistible."
“I love you, Dean”, Cas whispered against his lips, as if he feared he’d said it too early. But dammit, Dean has been waiting for this for years, and he really couldn’t be any happier right now.
Dean and Cas broke their kiss reluctantly and they settled at the table across from Sam, whose eyes nearly fell out of his head as he spotted the ring on Cas’ finger. The two lovers just grinned at each other and started with their pancakes while Sam sat there frozen.
“I-I love you, Cas”, Dean said, never breaking his gaze from his angel’s. Cas’ eyes watered immediately as he saw nothing but pure love and honesty in his lover’s eyes.
For a split second, Dean could detect hurt and utter confusion in Cas' eyes, but it was gone quickly and the angel tried to untangle himself from Dean to shower alone. Dean tightened his arms around his waist and didn't let him go.
They both groaned loudly as Cas sank down steadily, taking all of Dean at once until he bottomed out.
Obviously, Ash hurried up as much as he could, and they were all seated at the bar forty-five minutes later.
“Wait. I saw your wings for three years by now. This means you’ve liked me for three fucking years and you never said anything. Why?” Cas blushed again.
"No. He didn't. I dunno, he sounded like a wholly different man than the John Winchester I knew. He told me he was in rehab for the past two years, that he finally realized how much he missed his family and that he had to do something to get us back. Appearantly, this isn't big enough to throw him off again after everything he's been through for this", Dean told Cas, still a bit dazed, his thumbs rubbing circles into Cas' hipbones without him consciously noticing. "I guess I haven't really processed all this yet. I mean, it's been ten years. I was nearly convinced he either didn't give a rat's ass about us, or he was dead. But he wants to meet us, and Sammy, soon. Cas, I really hope this'll work out. Now that the prospect is there, I realize that I really want him back in our lifes. I know he's fucked up in the past, but he's still my dad. You can understand that, right?"
Cas got lost in all the sensations making love with Dean brought him. The slow drag of Dean's tip against his already oversensitive prostate, the feeling of each vein and bump on Dean's shaft against his stretched rim, Dean's hands resting gently on his overheated skin, Dean's gaze on him, heated but still loving.
As soon as he noticed, he forcefully pried his gaze away from Cas. Or rather, Cas’ wings. They were beautiful, jet black with a few dark blue feathers shimmering through. Dean tried very hard to listen to the teacher and stop staring at his best friend, dammit.
After a long time, Dean pulled back to really look at him. Cas still had that same messy hair that looked as if he'd just fallen out of bed. He was wearing a tan trench coat that Dean was sure only he could pull off. He had light stubble and pale skin and, in Dean's opinion, he was even hotter than when they were teenagers. Cas reached up and gently brushed a stray tear from Dean's cheek with his thumb, his own tears threatening to spill over.
"I guess German isn't so bad after all", he says with a chuckle. After a minute of silence he adds, "I love you." Cas falls asleep smiling.
Dean can't wipe the smile off his face. He's at work, which should be reason enough for him not to be smiling from ear to ear and he's got a meeting with Mr. Adler later today but still. He just can't help it. Like, he's pretty sure he hasn't ever been this happy before in his
At this point, Cas was moaning and whimpering unashamedly, pushing back onto Dean's tongue in hopes to get it deeper inside of him. Soon, a finger joined the tongue, sliding easily into him. The ice cubes were nearly completely molten by now, unable to withstand the combined heat of his channel and Dean's tongue for long.
GUYS. I feel so bad right now. I'm always waiting so damn impatiently for the WIPs I'm currently reading to be updated, but I need a whole fucking month for one little chapter myself. Seriously, I'm so sorry!
They got interrupted by someone coughing violently. Dean pulled away and looked past Cas with an innocent expression on his face. Kevin was coughing his lungs out, he’d choked on a piece of bacon as he’d noticed them making out at the kitchen table. His face started to turn blue and Cas reached over and touched his forehead. Kevin glared. It seemed to be his standard expression today. Dean chuckled and wrapped his arms more tightly around his lover’s waist.
Dean reached down and lined himself up and Cas immediately began to lower himself onto his thick cock, both of them moaning at the sensation. Within a minute, Dean was buried to the hilt inside his angel and the blue eyed man used his angelic strength to move himself up and down onto Dean’s length. The hunter wrapped his arms tightly around the other’s slim waist and bucked his hips to meet Cas’ every downwards thrust. He angled himself slightly different until Cas cried out in pleasure, rocking his hips more erratically, and Dean knew he’d found his prostate. He made sure to hit that same spot on every thrust and soon the angel wasn’t able to do much more than holding on and moaning Dean’s name over and over.
Eventually, Dean even got used to the idea of letting people know about them in public. Especially when someone’s gaze lingered just a tad too long on his /hot/ boyfriend. Then he’s grab Cas’ face and kiss him passionately, just to show everyone that he belonged to Dean. And when Dean was the one a girl tried to hit on, Cas would either glare at her until she got the hint and backed off, or he’d walk up to them and wrap his arms around his hunter tightly, kissing his neck, and Dean would lean down and playfully ask him why it took him so long to come over and ‘safe him’.
Just as Dean sat down at the kitchen table and started to eat his slice of cherry pie, Sam came in with his laptop.
'd in his mind and took a photo with his phone just to tease Dean with it later, then he left the room quietly, deciding that there wasn't anything important enough to wake them.
He kissed his angel good morning and got up to take a shower. Cas joined him, of course, and they stayed much longer than Dean had initially planned. Which really wasn't surprising at all.
Finally, they made it outside, but Cas didn’t slow down. He was still wound up from the confrontation, and desperate to just get back to his apartment where they could be all alone.
"Are you going to go through with that or are you just all talk and no action?" he sassed, hoping to get Dean to do something,
"And it worked out really well for you, from the looks of it." John finished the sentence for him, and Dean felt a huge smile split his face as he nodded his answer. "I'm happy for you, Dean," John continued, and it sounded sincere enough that Dean chanced a look up into his face to see his dad smiling at him softly. He returned the smile tentatively. The moment was broken by the oven beeping to announce that the pizza was done, followed only seconds later by the doorbell signaling Sam and Jess' arrival.
“So, Dean, wanna tell us who you’ve brought here with you?” she asked curiously, motioning in Cas’ direction. The angel hadn’t said anything yet, not wanting to interrupt the rejoining of the family. Dean chuckled.
Cas crossed the room and straddled Dean’s legs on the bed. He leaned down and kissed him softly, then he pulled back and looked into those green eyes that he loved so much.
lovingly, admiring every little detail of his handsome face while he waited for him to wake up too. When Cas blinked his eyes open slowly, Dean leaned forward and pressed a brief kiss to his soft lips.
"Okay", Cas said, smiling shyly and glancing up at Dean through his lashes, which Dean found incredibly adorable. Wait.
“Yeah, well, but I haven’t been watching porn last night. I was with Cas, ok!?” he explained, irritated by his brother’s dumbness. Sam just rolled his eyes and got up with an exasperated huff.
However, this assumption has been proven wrong when he had coincidentally found out that his other friends couldn’t see Cas’ wings. Since Cas would come over to his house for a sleepover after school, Dean just decided that he’d ask him about it then.
that doesn't make everything okay again but it's a start, right? And he sounded so sincere, y'know? I told him about Cas and he didn't even bat a lash. He freaking
“Don’t be such a prude. I didn’t say anything!” Dean protested jokingly and settled down at the table. Cas took a seat right beside him. They started to eat and even Cas ate something, because Dean wanted him to at least try his favorites.
Cas straddled Dean's hips quickly, searching for the lube until Dean thrust it into his hand impatiently. He wasted no time squirting some into his palm and lubing Dean up before throwing the bottle down beside them. He shuffled forward on his knees, taking Dean's dick in hand and lining it up with his dripping wet hole.
Shortly after, Dean broke the kiss, panting harshly, as his back arched sharply and he came in hot, wet pulses deep inside his angel. Cas came only seconds behind, thrown over the edge by the feeling of hot come filling him up and the way his name fell from his lover's lips. He called Dean's name loudly as he shuddered and gasped on top of him.
"Good idea, I'm really hungry right now", he answered and untangled himself from Cas' arms to get off the bed. They got dressed in boxers and t-shirts quickly and made their way into the kitchen, hand-in-hand.
would be truly embarrassing. Dean drove at top speed all the time to arrive at the bunker as fast as possible.
"Ash's. I bet he'll be able to bring the others there too", Dean answered after a few seconds. Cas stood and took his hand, pulling him to his feet, and Dean leaned in for a brief kiss before bracing himself for the flight. He closed his eyes, and with a ruffle of feathers they were standing in Ash's replica of the Roadhouse.
“Good mornin’, Sleeping Beauty!” Dean teased and Cas and Kevin both glared at him. “What? I’m just teasing”, he said defensively, mostly to his pouting boyfriend beside him. Cas gaze softened, Sam grinned like an idiot and Kevin was just confused and sleepy.
The next week, Cas started his work as a teacher at the local high school and visited Dean at his workplace after he finished.
Just a few nights ago, after a day spend researching adoption and surrogacy, he'd confessed that he couldn't bear the thought of their future children never getting to know either of their grandparents on his side. Even though Cas' parents welcomed Dean into their family with open arms, called him their son, too, he could understand that Dean envied him and wished for a similar relationship with his own father.
“Well, that was probably because you immediately ran off to your room, don’t you think?” Sam said with a raised eyebrow. Dean grinned.
"Oh, c'mon, Cas. I couldn't even tell the difference 'cause I dunno how a native would say it, so..."
Dean leaned over him and kissed him softly for several moments, his tongue exploring his boyfriend’s mouth, before he started to trail tender kisses down Cas’ body again. He skipped his crotch again, suckling at the insides of the angel’s thighs instead. Cas moaned quietly and started to writhe beneath Dean.
Dean was almost painfully hard by now, but he wanted to make this last, make it special for Cas. He ran his hands all over his angel’s lean body while kissing down his chest, mapping out every inch of skin he could reach.
"Fuck, Baby, you look so good like this", Dean said, arousal heavy in his voice. "You should see yourself, Cas, all wet and open and just begging for me to fill you up, aren't'cha?" Cas groaned and thrust his ass back in affirmation.
Dean laid back against the wall of the bathtub again, and Cas placed his hands on the hunter's chest for support. Then he started to pick up his pace, eventually slamming down onto the thick cock inside of him as quickly as he could manage, water splashing around wildly. They were both talking incoherently by now, pleasure building rapidly. Cas leaned down and they kissed again, a little messily and uncoordinated, their tongues entwining.
Two hours later, he woke up again, his head lying next to Cas’ arm onto the sheets in a slightly uncomfortable position. He glanced up to find huge blue eyes staring back at him and he sat upright in an instant, breathing a sigh of relief at the angel’s consciousness.
"Uh, excuse me, what did you just say your name was again?" a confused-sounding voice asked eventually. Cas couldn't remember ever having heard the voice before.
Cas closed his eyes again, telling himself that he'd only be five more minutes before he'd actually get up and shower.
“Yes, Dean, I think you’re right and it would be wise to inform them about everything.” The angel lifted his hand to press two fingers to his lover’s forehead, but stopped midair before asking: “Do you wish to do this now or would you prefer to wait a little longer before visiting your parents?”
"Of course not, Dean, I believe I wouldn't enjoy having to retrieve you from the death again, especially on our wedding day", Cas replied matter-of-factly. Dean rolled his eyes fondly.
"Oh, uh, yeah. I wanted to say, I know I can't to anything about- about Mom but I'd love if my kids at least got to know their grandfather, y'know?"
"He told the truth, beloved. She is real", the angel said softly, his gaze on Mary. She too looked as if she wasn't sure this was really happening. She did, however, come over to the two of them as she noticed the tears that were sliding down her son's cheeks and dripping from his chin silently.
"No. He didn't. I dunno, he sounded like a wholly different man than the John Winchester I knew. He told me he was in rehab for the past two years, that he finally realized how much he missed his family and that he had to do something to get us back. Apparently, this isn't big enough to throw him off again after everything he's been through for this", Dean explained, lazily rubbing circles into Cas' hipbones with his thumbs. "I guess I haven't really processed all this yet. I mean, it's been ten years. I was nearly convinced he either didn't give a rat's ass about us, or he was dead. But he wants to meet us, and Sammy, soon. Cas, I really hope this'll work out. Now that the prospect is there, I realize that I really want him back in our lifes. I know he's fucked up in the past, but he's still my dad. You can understand that, right?"
"I'm sorry, mom. I just can't believe this is actually happing. It's just - it's just too good to be true", Dean said honestly.
"I talked to Mrs Harvelle and Mrs Bradbury today, in the breakroom", Castiel said conversationally, as he and Dean lay in bed that night, the post-orgasmic haze slowly starting to fade. He was lying on his back, Dean pressed to his side with his head resting on Cas' shoulder and one hand splayed possessively over his not-yet noticeable stomach.
“Charlie…would you just let me finish my sentence now?” Dean asked. “What I’d wanted to say is that I’m in a relationship…with Cas.” Charlie stared at him and than at Cas wide-eyed.
Dean made good on his promise to be gentle. He went really slow, always kissing Cas and keeping his touches soft and reassuring. He hadn't lied, he really felt awed that he was going to be the first one to do this with Cas.
…at some point”, Dean explained, grinning wolfishly. Cas kept his gaze trained on the tabletop, clearly embarrassed about what Dean was implying to the others, and Kevin and Sam looked clearly uncomfortable as well. Sam made a bitchface at Dean.
"Uh, no. Not yet...", Dean said, and explained everything to Ash as quick as possible. "So, could you bring Ellen, Jo, Bobby and Pamela to your heaven? We have something to tell ya", Dean said with a small smile at his angel.
“No Dean. I want to come just like this, without one of us touching me. Just like our first time”, he said, his blue gaze locked firmly onto green. “I’m close Dean, so close”, he moaned softly.
Dean grabbed a pillow and placed it beneath Cas' hips to lift them up and make it more comfortable for him. Then he popped the cap of the bottle and applied a generous amount onto his fingers. He stroked Cas' thigh with his other hand reassuringly as he gently started to press one finger into him, all the while searching his face for the smallest signs of discomfort.
The hunter broke the kiss to catch his breath and put his hands onto Cas' chest for support. After a minute to adjust, he rolled his hips once experimentally, and both of them moaned at the new sensations. Dean set a slow pace riding Cas, getting used to the feel of it. After a few minutes, Cas' wandering hands came to rest on Dean's hips and the angel looked at his lover questioningly. Dean nodded his consent and Cas started to meet his thrusts with gentle bucks of his own hips. This caused the head of his cock to brush Dean's prostate, and the hunter gasped in surprise, clenching around Cas tightly for a second.
“Hey, uh, Cas?” Dean started, later, they were at his house now and Dean was playing video games while Cas had his nose buried in a thick book.
"Hey, hey I just said I'm not going to /shower/ with you", he said soothingly and pressed a kiss to Cas' temple. "Let's have a bath instead", he whispered as seductively as he could manage, half asleep as he was.
"What, in my Father's name, are you doing, Dean?" he asked when he noticed him back in the room, his voice strained with the agonizing wait, eyes still closed like Dean had told him. Dean chuckled nervously.
Cas was frozen for a few seconds before he registered what was happening and started kissing Dean back. He happily granted access to his tongue and they explored each other's mouths passionately.
They never broke eye contact during their gentle love-making, green locked onto blue the whole time. It was the most intimate they had ever been with another being and they both enjoyed the intimacy. It was in this moment, buried deep inside of Cas and drowning in his oh-so-blue eyes, when it hit Dean like a freight train. He stilled his movements almost completely and Cas made a small sound of displeasure.
“You know, there’s still something we should tell you. Or rather, Dean should”, he added with a shit-eating grin in his brother’s direction. Dean rolled his eyes and groaned. Charlie looked at him curiously.
Humans weren’t able to see every angel’s wings. Dean knew that roughly one third of the students at their school were angels, but he only knew it because Cas had told him once. Angels were able to see the wings of all the other angels they met. Dean guessed that he could see the wings of about thirty percent of the angel students. He just assumed that humans were only able to see them if the angel allowed it.
he asked, arms crossed in front of his chest in annoyance. Dean turned and started to walk down the hall.
Christmas parties and stuff and everyone's always there to suck up to the big guys, like Adler. Dean shudders at the mere thought of the smarmy bastard. Yes, they aren't exactly keen on PDA at corporate functions, but Dean knows that he's no good at keeping his hands off his man for a prolonged amount of time so they've got to be pretty obvious anyways.
"Sorry Babe", he said, and if he'd looked back at him, Cas would've seen the evil grin on the man's face right before he pressed down on his prostate with his fingers and started to rub
"Shit Dean, what the hell did you do this time?!" Sam asks, immediately assuming that he'd done something again.
"Mornin'", he grumbled back, before realizing that it was actually far from 'morning'. He heard Dean chuckle and then footsteps retreating down the hallway.
. Cas opens one eye cautiously, looking at his boyfriend's face. He doesn't dare getting his hopes up, but Dean seems happy, even if a little overwhelmed.
Cas worked his mojo again to clean them up but didn’t move even the tiniest bit apart from that, body completely slack and melted into the mattress. Dean climbed back onto the bed, lay on his side facing Cas and pulled the blanket up to his chest.
"What are ya doin', babe?" Dean grumpled sleepily, irritated by his husbands behavior. Cas shushed him gently.
A minute later, Dean collapsed on top of him and he let his legs fall from his waist, exhausted. He could've fallen asleep like this, but now that he wasn't...
"You know I think that. Or have you already forgotten about last night?" Dean's eyes darken at the reminder, his grip on Cas' hips tightening.
"Uh, yeah. You're making me nervous Dean, what's going on?" Sam asked, worry obvious in his voice. Dean took a deep breath before dropping the bomb on his brother.
Sooo...as always, please please please let me know what you think! I'm of course open for constructive criticism and please feel free to point out any spelling/grammar mistakes!
The hunt had been really easy, compared to all the shit they'd faced over the last couple of years. Dean was especially glad that they finished earlier, because Sam had been teasing him non-stop since he found out that Dean set the photo he'd taken of them a few days ago as his background picture on his own phone.
"Hey darling. I didn't expect you here this weekend", she said, just as John stepped up behind her to see who was there. Dean relieved his mom and gave his dad a short hug, too.
“Fuck,” Dean groaned as his back collided with the unforgiving wood of Cas’ front door, the man himself already plastered to his front and doing his very best to give Dean what would probably become the biggest hickey in the history of hickeys while simultaneously trying to get him out of his clothes. The disgruntled noise he made when he had to remove his lips from Dean’s throat for the split second it took him to rip the Henley over his head was probably the cutest thing Dean’s ever heard. Well, at least when it came to bedroom sounds. Those usually weren’t all that cute.
"No, Dean, please don't! That's not fair! You're such an assbutt!" he sputters indignantly. Dean laughs.
Then Dean is leaning down so that his lips are just an inch from Cas' and he can feel Dean's breath ghost over them as he speaks.
“Yes, Dean, I would like for us to be boyfriends. I love you”, Cas said, eyes bright with love and happiness.
"Cas, Baby", he murmured sleepily. "Did ya know that today's our one year anniversary? That's like, the longest relationship I've ever been in by far. Really fucking far."
“Well, I think you should just shut your mouth, asshole” Dean retorted and resumed kissing Cas, effectively preventing him from either smiting the guy or saying something along the lines of
Cas sat up with a groan and rolled his eyes good-naturedly. “You’re insatiable,” he teased as he pulled his softening dick out of Dean’s body, a dribble of come following. Gently, he used one finger to gather it up and push it back inside. He grabbed the plug to keep everything inside, pushing it in with an over-stimulated whimper from Dean. When he was done, he leaned up to drop a quick peck onto his nose and got off the bed.
"Yes, Dean. I'm sure", Cas said determindedly and wrapped his legs around Dean's waist to pull him closer. Dean guided his dick to Cas' entrance and slowly began to push in, jerking him off at the same time to distract him from the initial pain.
Cas tried to convey his love and support through his gaze as they waited for Sam's response with bated breath. Dean sent him a strained smile in return. Finally, Sam's voice crackled through the speakers again.
“It’s ok, Cas, it’s ok. I can understand how you must’ve felt”, he said and took Cas’ hand in his own. “What do you say, shall we go back in and finish those beers now?” he asked, grinning. The angel nodded and followed his boyfriend back into the bar. They settled down at their table and drank their beers in comfortable silence. Shortly after, Sam came back to them, the girl who’d thrown herself at Dean earlier by his side. Cas tensed up a little as he saw her, and Dean wrapped his arm more firmly around his waist and pulled him closer. He relaxed again, but he was still glaring at the girl.
"Um- yes? I guess I don't really get why you're so surprised? I mean, we've been dating pretty much since the moment I started here" Dean says, still frowning at her, because
Finally, his boyfriend got the message and stopped his assault on Dean’s already over-sensitive nipples to come back up for another kiss. Dean was just letting himself get lost in the perfect slide of lips when suddenly, Cas grasped his thighs and hoisted him up. Dean moaned, unfairly aroused at the show of strength, and his arms and legs automatically wrapped around Cas’ neck and waist while he was being carried to the bedroom.
Cas let himself relax entirely. The treatment brought great relief from the hot weather and he was on the verge of falling asleep, despite his cock that was half-hard and trapped between his stomach and the blankets.
Panting, and so that Dean couldn't possibly miss what he was implying, he asked, "How far away is your house, Dean?"
“I’ve been thinking, I mean. I’ve been spending a lot of time here. My apartment’s pretty much a shithole anyway. And I was wondering if you’d- y’know. Wantmetomoveinwithyou,” he got out in rush, holding his breath for Cas’ answer. He wasn’t disappointed when Cas all but tackled him into the bed, kissing him senseless enthusiastically.
"Wow, did the sleeping beauties finally decide to join the world of the living?" he asked sarcastically. Dean threw him a bitchface.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you”, Dean said quickly, hands raised in surrender. Charlie raised an eyebrow at him.
Cas moaned and gasped and made the most beautiful noises while Dean ate him out. When he was ready, Dean got up and kissed Cas, who moaned as he tasted himself and Dean on Dean’s lips. The green eyed man settled down beside his lover, wrapping one arm around his slim waist as Cas pillowed his head on Dean’s chest, listening to his steadying heartbeat.
“Mom?” Dean asked, concerned. He could see tears shimmering in his mother’s eyes and she was trembling slightly.
"God, you're giving me a headache. That's so unnecessary!" Dean whines. Cas just grins at him devilishly. "Cas, why the hell do you torture yourself with this crap?!"
Dean’s mouth fell open and they both groaned as he bottomed out inside of Cas. He struggled to catch his breath while the angel took a moment to adjust.
"Hey, Cas", Dean replies, nevously. "Uh, I just wanted to tell ya--I mean, because of us, y'know? I want to tell them. I wanna tell my parents", Dean stutters out quickly. There's a long silence from the other side of the line.
"Shit, Cas, I can't believe this. I really hope that's not a dream", he said, concerned; he'd had such dreams before, only to be even more heartbroken and disappointed as soon as he'd woken up.
The next morning, Cas woke up to a solid warmth pressed against his back and he was instantly reminded of yesterday's events. He smiled to himself and turned in Dean's arms to face him. Dean awoke shortly after, pressing a kiss to Cas' lips and rolling out of bed to make breakfast. Cas soon followed him and wrapped his arms around Dean's waist while the other man stood in his boxers at the stove and made bacon. Dean smiled as he felt the warm, equally little dressed body settling against his back. He turned his head to press a kiss to Cas' soft lips before returning his attention to the sizzling bacon.
“You’re mine-- mine, Dean, no one else’s,” he gasped out in between thrusts, his hand gripping Dean’s waist hard enough to leave bruises. Good. “No one else can – oh. Can see you like this, Dean. Dean, ah, you feel so good, so perfect for me. I love you. I love you, oh,” Cas babbled, always a sure sign that he was nearing the edge of his orgasm.
It didn't take long, however, for his rhythm to falter, letting Cas know that he was close. He clenched down purposefully and grinned at the little groan it earned him. He repeated the action a few times and soon Dean was pushing in as far as he could go before stilling completely and Castiel could feel his hot come filling him up from the inside.
“Good morning, Dean”, Cas answered and rested his head against Dean’s chest. They stood like that for a few minutes, until Dean had to take the bacon out of the pan. He made toast and Cas set the table. Then they waited for Sam to join them so they could have breakfast. Dean grabbed his boyfriend around the waist again and lifted him onto the kitchen counter. He stood between his legs and leaned up for another kiss. Dean slid his tongue between the angel’s lips and they kissed slow and gentle and passionate, their hands tangled in each other’s hair.
Dean startled out of his thoughts when Sam called his name several times. He blinked and looked up at his little brother.
His brain was in practically the same situation as the cubes in his ass, molten from heat as well as pleasure, so it really was no wonder that Cas completely missed Dean getting the lube out of their bedside drawer. He whined when Dean retracted his tongue and finger, but they were soon replaced by two slicked up digits.
Okay, so this was originally meant to be a oneshot but I'm weaaak so it seems that I'll keep adding to it as long as people are interested in more. Also, yay to me for only taking half a year instead of two and a half to update this time lmao
He was, however, wide awake again as Dean decided to up the game and trailed an ice cube down between his cheeks and across his hole, which fluttered at the icy touch. Cas let out a low moan, starting to thrust against the mattress lightly. Dean took his reaction as encouragement and circled the cube around his rim until it was completely gone before he leaned down and started lapping at Cas' entrance. He used both hands to spread his cheeks apart as he traced it with the tip of his tongue, similar to what he did with the cube just a minute ago.
The hunter moved his finger in and out a few times before slowly adding a second one and scissoring them apart, all the while still sucking and licking on Cas’ thick length. Cas quickly started to whimper and fuck himself back on Dean’s fingers, so he slid a third digit in alongside the other two. After a few more minutes, he deemed Cas ready, removed his mouth from his cock and looked up at his boyfriend. Dean sucked in a sharp breath at the sight in front of him; the angel looked illegally hot, sex hair and kiss-swollen lips, a slight flush covering his body.
"Do your parents even know that you are bi?" Cas asked, somewhat nervously. What if they haf d a problem with their son being with another guy?
Dean was the first one to speak after an indeterminable amount of time. “That. Was incredible,” he said, grinning up at his disheveled mess of a boyfriend. “I should totally get you jealous more often.”
The dead people looked at him curiously once again. "We're going to marry in heaven. Cas can get the few people who are still alive up here for a few hours and then he'll bring us back down again", Dean explained. After that, they sat together for another hour or so, Dean and Cas once again being bombarded with questions about their relationship and what son of a bitch they dealt with recently, before Cas flew them back into their bedroom in the bunker.
He slammed his head back into the door when Cas started sucking and biting at his nipple while his hand cupped Dean’s cock through his jeans. “Bedroom,” he managed to gasp out breathlessly, then “Cas, sweetheart, please,” when his first plea went ignored. Don’t get him wrong, he was definitely into everything that was happening right now but he didn’t know how much longer his legs would be able to hold him if Cas kept this up.
Then he started undoing the angel’s pants, while said angel just snapped his fingers and Dean was completely naked. He groaned as his erection was finally freed of his jeans and quickly removed the rest of Cas’ clothes, before rolling his hips against his lover’s for much needed friction. They both moaned into their kiss at the sensation.
The single-minded focus Cas took to the task of undressing him while also making him lose his goddamn mind with just his mouth, on the other hand, was simply hot as fuck. Dean really didn’t know why other people paying him attention seemed to rile Cas up so much more today than usual, but he certainly wasn’t complaining about the results.
going to leave your husband alone on your wedding night. Not happening." She crossed her arms in front of her chest defiantly; she was clearly not going to let anyone change her mind on this. "I'm perfectly capable of staying in a room by myself, thanks. I'll take a room next to yours, if that helps, but only as long as you can promise me that I'm not going to have to listen to anything no mother ever wants to hear, capiche?" Mary said pointedly, with a raised eyebrow and a small smirk, and Dean blushed bright red at the implication.
"N-no! Of course not! We just - we didn't know. That you two are together, I mean!" Jo explained quickly. He frowned, appearing even more confused than before.
, what - " he started, but Dean shut him up with a deep kiss. The kiss also distracted him efficiently from the slight pain and discomfort he felt with his hole stretched so wide in order to accommodate Cas' thick cock.
"Yeah, I guess we could. His break starts right about now, too, right? Maybe he'll come in here", Jo mused, and just seconds later Dr. Novak stepped into the break room, looking a bit green in the face. Jo and Charlie threw each other a concerned glance before watching the dark haired man settle down at the table with his food. Neither of them had any idea what it was supposed to be, it definitely didn't look like something a normal person would eat in that combination.
"And how exactly do you plan us coming to your wedding, idjit?" Bobby asked gruffly after they'd all settled down again.
“Okay, so…I’m totally on board for this idea, Angel, but…” Dean hesitated briefly, lost in thought. “Do you think it’s possible that the two of us make a little trip upstairs before? I would really like to speak to my parents rather than dropping the bomb just when they’re already at the wedding.” Cas nodded, considering Dean’s request briefly.
"So, now what is that important that it couldn't wait until you joined us up here for good, Dean?" Bobby asked sarcastically. The others stopped talking and turned to Dean, staring at him expectantly.
While eating, they all used the special occasion to talk to their lost loved ones, already dreading the end of the day when some of them would return to earth while the others had to stay up here. Dean was especially saddened about having to leave his mom again, like he was every time when he saw her, when they did a time jump to the past or as he and Cas had visited her and John in heaven before the wedding. Although, he thought that it would be even worse for Sam, who had spent a great part of the day talking to her. After all, he'd never really known her and had even less memories of her than Dean had and the older brother wished he could grant him more time with Mary, somehow.
He kissed Cas again, a little uncoordinated due to the rocking motions of their hips, then started to suck more hickeys into the skin of his neck and collarbone. Cas fingers squeezed his tightly and suddenly the blue-eyed man was coming, untouched, and that thought alone, alongside with the rhythmic clenching of his muscles around Dean's cock and Cas' loud moans of Dean's name, had him following right after Cas. He kept thrusting into him, riding out their orgasms, and then just collapsed on top of the other man, overwhelmed with pleasure. They were both shuddering with the aftershocks, gasping for breath.
They made their way to the altar together as the music started to play and came to a halt in front of it, facing each other with their hands entwined.
Cas tugged at the hem of Dean's t-shirt and he pulled back for a moment, allowing Cas to remove it from his body. He placed his hands on Dean's chest, feeling his defined muscles and he smiled at Dean before leaning up and capturing his lips with his own again. He never thought he'd see Dean again, let alone have him like this. His brain still couldn't quite process that Dean was, in fact, right above him, kissing him like they'd done it a million times before. He was sure Dean could feel his heart beating erratically in his chest, pounding against his ribcage as if it was trying to escape. Cas whined as Dean broke the kiss, even though they both actually really needed to catch their breaths by now.
"I told you before that it is highly enjoyable", Cas answered matter-of-factly. Dean chuckled lightly.
"I love you, too. See you tomorrow", Cas says, and ends the call. He is already dreading Friday. He just hopes Dean's dad won't take it too badly.
With a last peck to Cas' lips, Dean got off the bed and went into the bathroom. He stood in front of the counter and took a deep breath.
Just in that moment, Dean came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist, hair still dripping water. He obviously noticed Cas' shocked expression and looked at him with concern in his eyes, silently asking what had happened.
"Yes, Baby, c'mon, come for me", Dean encouraged between little kisses. "You're so hot, Cas, love you, ahh, love you so much."
"You're setting the bar pretty high there, how am I supposed to top that on our wedding night?" Cas asks, fake exasperated. Dean presses a quick kiss to his lips before pulling back with a mischievous grin.
John and Mary made their way to their front row chairs as Dean took another minute to ground himself. They had decided to walk down the aisle together, and Dean took Cas' hand in his, grasping it so tightly that he was sure it would bruise if he were a human being.
"Are you okay?" he asked, straightening Dean's tie for him as he saw that his brother's hands were shaking too much.
"Cas!" he squeaked, scandalized, glaring at the angel. "What the fuck, man?!" Upon noticing his mom, the traitor, giggling maniacally, he turned the glare onto her instead, before turning and walking off into the direction of their bedroom. "You comin'?" he called over his shoulder, not pausing to wait for the two of them.
“I’m not sure I can ever forgive you”, she said, then paused, considering briefly. “Okay, I totally love you, so I probably will forgive you pretty quick, actually”, she grinned.
"That's stupid, angel. Until now, I never even noticed that you've never done this before. And apart from that, you should really know that this isn't just about the sex. I've always had feelings for you. Besides, I feel rather flattered that I'm going to be your first. And hopefully, also your last. And I promise I'll be gentle with you, okay?" Dean said, trying to reassure the blue-eyed man beneath him.
) and only visit heaven for a few hours once in a while to see whether he could help, had lived at the bunker and only hunted occasionally when there was something nearby for the last six months. Luckily, there hadn’t been anything
Also, yes, I know that John Winchester doesn't exactly deserve to be in heaven, but it just fit better with the story, so...
“Yes, your parents do share a heaven between the two of them”, the angel replied, following Dean up the steps. The hunter knocked on the door twice, then he waited for someone to let them in.
After just a few more strokes and thrusts, the angel came, scream muffled by Dean’s lips on his. Cas’ muscles clenched rhythmically around Dean, his inner walls pulsating as his orgasm ebbed of slowly. The hunter’s hips stuttered before he came too, spurting deep inside his lover with a deep groan.
"They do, normally. It's kind of a big deal, y'know? Those anniversaries. But it's not like we're normal in any sense of the word, so whatever. Also, I'm not big on this whole girly stuff and I think you're neither. Figured this is better than dinner at some fancy-ass restaurant", Dean said, squeezing his arms around Cas briefly for empathy. He'd chose a lazy day in bed with his angel over a dinner every day.
Charlie what the heck should I do now? Please, you gotta help me! It's not like I can tell him, I mean--"
He loved how Dean still had this effect on him; even after ten years of being together, he'd never once felt as if their sex life was missing that little something extra.
“Get me the lube, Dean, please,” he said, fingers going back to toying with the plug. Dean stretched to his right to reach the nightstand, pulling open the drawer and blindly searching for the lube. Finally, his fingers closed around the familiar bottle, only to almost drop it again when Cas chose that moment to pull the plug out just far enough for its widest part to stretch Dean’s rim before letting it get sucked back in again.
Afterwards, he relaxed and let Cas press him into the mattress, the weight comforting rather than constricting. His hands traced aimless patterns into Cas’ back as they both struggled to get their breathing back under control.
And that’s how they all ended up in the living room, watching movies until three in the morning, when none of the humans could hold their eyes open any more.
"It isn't a dream, Dean, I'm sure. And I can't believe it either. It's so great to see you again", Cas beamed.
"You too, dad", Dean said, even as his stomach twisted itself up in knots at the mere prospect of seeing his father again after so long. "See you soon, dad."
“Dean?”she asked, disbelievingly. He nodded and stepped forwards, pulling her into a tight hug. After a long moment, Mary pulled back and looked at Dean, and suddenly a look of pure horror spread over her features.
School's just ended and Dean Winchester, 17, is waiting in the parking lot for his little brother Sam. While he waits, Castiel Novak walks by and smiles at Dean when he sends a wink his way.
"What is it, Babe? Have you changed your mind? Are we going too fast?" he asked caringly, momentarily finding it weird to call his childhood-bestfriend 'Babe', but what could he say? He just liked giving nicknames to the ones he cared about.
“Hey, ya fags over there!” a man, one of the bikers at the table across the room, called loudly. “Would ya two quit spreading your nauseating gayness all over the place, like now, I mean? Geez, all those disgusting idiots nowadays. Makin’ me sick to my stomach.”
With that, the cold sensation reappeared, and Cas turned his head to look as best as he could, spotting a can filled with ice cubes next to him on the bed. He placed his head back onto his folded arms and relaxed into the cooling touch of the melting cube Dean was trailing along his skin.
Dean’s lips left Castiel’s and he placed open-mouthed kisses along his jaw and neck. He had his hands in the angel’s hair, mussing it up even more, while Cas clawed at his back and shoulders. The hunter reached into his duffle bag, which he’d tossed beside the bed when he’d entered the room earlier and retrieved the bottle of lube. He placed it onto the sheets beside them and slid down Cas’ body, leaving soft kisses in his wake. The blue eyed man moaned and writhed underneath him, desperate for Dean to pay attention to his neglected cock.
Being out of his clothes brought little relief, as did the ventilator they'd set up in their room a few days prior. Honestly, all he wanted was a cold shower and maybe he'd move into the fridge afterwards. Yes, that was a good idea, he thought. The only problem was that Cas was way too tired and exhausted to even lift a single finger, let alone get up off this amazingly comfortable mattress - memory foam, of course - and go into the bathroom. Instead, he fell asleep right where he was lying, his last thought being that this probably wasn't the most comfortable sleeping position and he'd probably have a crick in his neck by the time he woke up.
“Hmm,” Cas hummed, mouth already occupied again, this time busy sucking more hickeys into Dean’s neck and shoulders.
“Okay, so, I actually came here to invite you to…to my wedding. With Cas”, Dean rushed, lacing his fingers together with Cas’ while he talked. Both his parents stared at him for several moments, dumbfounded. Then, Mary squealed in delight and threw herself first at Dean and then at Cas, congratulating them enthusiastically.
"Yeah, I get it. Family's always been your number one priority. And it's not like I haven't been hoping, too. So, what'd you tell him?" Dean breathed a sigh of relief at his brother's words before answering his question.
The hunter pushed Cas under the spray to get rid of the suds and soaped himself up in the meantime. Cas then returned the favor and washed his hair as well. After that, Dean turned to face him and kissed him deeply and passionately, slipping his tongue between his lover’s easily parting lips. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck, pressing himself flush against him. The hunter’s hands traveled downwards, his fingertips rubbing over Cas’ hole, and the angel bucked his hips, both of them moaning at the friction as their erections slid against each other.
Dean, who had been lying on his bed, waiting for Sam to finish packing his things, jumped up and hurried over to the blue eyed angel.
They got back into the Impala, Cas in the backseat, and started their trip back to the bunker. Dean kept glancing at Cas through the rearview mirror and every time the angel would catch his gaze and smile that tiny smile of his. It made Dean want to kiss him right then and there, but sadly that wasn’t possible. He’d have to wait four more hours until they’d be at home.
“You like them?” Dean asked, unnecessarily as the evidence was more than obvious through the fabric of Cas’ pants. “They came just this morning. I just had to put them on for tonight. For you.”
“His boyfriend,” Cas growled before promptly pulling Dean towards himself and right into a passionate kiss, trusting that it would be enough for the man to leave them alone. Dean was obviously surprised at Castiel’s actions, but quickly melted into the kiss, arms wrapping around Cas’ neck as they made out right there on the dancefloor for everyone to see that this beautiful man was very much taken. Cas’ hands slid down to possessively settle onto Dean’s ass, pulling him in even closer and swallowing Dean’s moan as his budding erection brushed against Cas’ thigh.
Dean lubed his fingers up quickly and circled his angel’s entrance with one of them. He took him in his other hand and slowly swallowed him down while working the finger in gently. Cas gasped at the double stimulation. His hands were already fisted into the bedsheets and he was straining not to thrust up into Dean’s mouth.
Everybody stared at them in shock for a few seconds, and Dean started to shift in his seat uncomfortably. Then, Jo cut the silence with a loud scream of 'I fucking knew it!' and she jumped up to hug both Dean and Cas tightly.
So he flipped them over again, without slipping out of Cas’ hole, and rearranged the angel’s legs over his own shoulders, practically folding him in half. This way, he was able to fuck into Cas as deep as possible and his lover cried out when he hit his prostate.
“Why? I don’t need to shower”, he answered matter-of-factly from somewhere underneath the pile of blankets on the bed.
Also, thanks for sticking around still, I know I haven't been the most reliable writer, considering my late updates and stuff. Sorry for that again!
"Yes, I'm sure, Cas. Seriously. I can't stand it anymore not to be able to kiss you when I want, or to hold your hand, or do whatever the other couples always do. It's not fair for you to be kept a secret, you deserve more than that. I love you, angel, and I don't want us to have to hide anymore. And if my father has a problem with us than we'll find a way to make this work. Okay? I love you", Dean says passionately, and he's aware that his little speech was incredibly sappy but he doesn't even care. He meant every word.
Dean had picked up his pace a little and found a good rhythm, one that Cas matched perfectly with his own thrusts. Since Cas had ridden Dean more than a few times by now, he was actually the one with more experience for once and prompted Dean's movements with his hands on the green-eyed man's hips. He made him circle them or had him do little figure-eights in his lap that had them both moaning loudly in no time.
"Yes. Lead the way, Dean", Cas said, falling in step beside Dean, who only now remembered his brother's presence a few feet down the hallway. He'd probably stiod there eavesdropping the whole time, the little bitch.
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll try”, he said and he heard Sam huff in annoyance before he stomped down the hall to his own room.
They made it about two thirds of the short walk before Dean stopped walking, almost making Cas trip and fall with the sudden stop. Dean tugged on his hand until he turned to face him and pulled him close, concern swirling in those beautiful green eyes. “Cas. Hey. What’s going on? You’re kinda freakin’ me out here, baby.”
That had been nearly ten years ago, and Cas knew that Dean had lost all hope that his father would ever get a grip on himself. Hell, they didn't even know if the guy was still alive these past few years.
Also, he was afraid of rejection. He wasn’t sure if Cas felt anything more than friendship towards him, despite everything he’d done for the hunter.
"Definitely...not", he gasped out in response, tugging at Dean's hair to get him to look at him again. "I'm gonna ride you so hard you'll see stars", he added, growling the words right into Dean's ear before pushing him back on the bed so he was lying on his back.
"I...haven't told anyone at the hospital yet, so I'm asking you to keep this to yourselves, okay?" The two women nodded, confused. "Dean isn't giving me trouble. I've just been feeling a little sick lately - "
"I love you, too, Dean", he answered, sitting up to snatch his phone out of his pants pocket and without another word he called the house owner to tell him that he wasn't interested anymore. Next, he dialled the number of the moving company and told them Dean's address, instructing them to bring his things there instead. Dean lay beside him on the bed grinning like an idiot; he couldn't even believe how lucky he was, meeting Cas again after so many years and even having his feelings returned.
“Hey, hey it’s ok, really. We’ve sorted things out, everything’s fine with us. And it’s not like I’m not used to women hitting on me”, Dean smirked, “but I’ll have to tell all of them ‘no’ for what will hopefully be the rest of my life”, he said with a brief glance at Cas, who couldn’t hide a huge smile at Dean’s last words. Dean couldn’t help but wonder when he became such a sap. Lara beamed at them.
She grinned and hugged each of them tightly, even Cas, and the other three men tried desperately to contain their laughter at Cas’ awkwardness.
When Dean pulled back for breath with a last gentle bite to Cas' bottom lip, their mouths still nearly touching, Cas quickly made a decision.
Dean chuckled at the angel's enthusiasm and rolled out of bed rather disgracefully in his sleepy morning state. He followed Cas into their adjoining bathroom, which was already steamy from the hot water. He walked up behind Cas and wrapped his arms around him, just enjoying the feel of skin on skin.
Dean startled when Sam suddenly stood behind him in the mirror; he hadn't even heard him entering the room.
“C’mon, fuck me harder, yes, just like that, fuck,” Dean encouraged his lover, and was rewarded with a stuttering moan as Cas wobbled on the edge and Dean knew that it wouldn’t take much more to push him over. Reaching down, he wrapped a hand around his neglected cock, stroking in time with Cas’ movements. “Wanna feel you for days, Cas, wanna go back to that bar, oh fuck, go back and let them see me still walking- walking funny because you fucked me so good, fuck, you’re so good, baby, keep going, I’m so close…” Dean trailed off, stripping his cock furiously. Cas let his leg down to sit up between his thighs, gripping his waist and thigh as he proceeded to pound into him even harder.
Dean, harder, ahh...” Cas moaned constantly, and Dean complied happily, thrusting his hips upwards a little harder and faster. Dean felt himself getting close, and he leaned forward to kiss and suck at Cas’ jaw line, sucking a bruise there. The angel moaned and clenched around him, his cock leaking pre-cum. He reached down and wrapped one hand around his own length, stroking in time with Dean’s thrusts.
“I drained my ‘mojo’, as you’d call it. I just needed to rest and recharge”, Cas answered matter-of-factly. Sam nodded in understanding.
Dean pushed his angel back towards the bed and they fell down upon it when Cas’ legs hit its edge, Dean landing on top of him. They’d undressed and made out frantically before, but as soon as they were on the bed they became a little more gentle and less desperate.
Cas moaned his approval and got onto his knees, water dribbling out of his hole and running down his thigh, cool against his overheated skin. He turned to face Dean. His husband looked seriously dishelved, but Cas was sure he looked worse. He wrapped his arms around Dean's neck and crashed their lips together feverishly, noticing that they hadn't even kissed yet since Dean came home from work. Dean kissed him back enthusiastically, his arms snaking around Cas's waist and pulling him in tight.
"You ready for a little roadtrip, Dean? Seems like we've got a vengeful spirit two towns over. Here, have a look at this", he said and turned the laptop so Dean could read the article he'd opened up.
“Dean-,” he groaned, palming himself desperately as he took in every inch of naked skin, now only clad in a pair of black lacy panties.
"Really, John? We haven't talked to each other in ten fuckin' years, we didn't even know if you were still alive these past few years and all you come up with is 'Hey Dean', as if nothing fucking happened?!"
"Well, that's bullshit. What kinda purpose does that even have?" Dean scoffs. Cas chuckles at his indignation.
Castiel groaned as their telephone started to ring, glaring at it from his comfortable position on the living room couch. Dean was in the bathroom, which meant that
An hour later, Dean and Cas lay, limbs tangled and chests heaving, on their bed, worn out and tired. Just before Cas slips away into dreamland, Dean speaks up.
Cas is Dean's boyfriend. They have been dating for nearly three months now, but nobody knows about them yet because Dean is too afraid of his father's reaction. He knows that John has never been fond of homosexuality and since he is also very hot-headed and tends to use violence now and then - especially when he's drunk, again - so Dean isn't really looking forward to telling him about Cas.
Just as he realized what he was doing and started to pull away, the blue eyed angel tangled his fingers into Dean’s hair and held him down, kissing him back slowly.
"I--I'm sorry. You are not who I meant to call. I'll just--" he stuttered out, voice shaking as well as the rest of his body.
A few hours later, they all sat at the kitchen table, eating home-made burgers, and they had told Charlie everything they’ve done since they’ve last met her. Well, nearly everything. Charlie just wanted to start asking probably tons of questions when Sam interrupted her.
I'm not sure what's better: short chapters with less time in-between or long chapters with more waiting for you? Opinions?
Eventually, Dean decided that his thighs needed a break and he leaned forward, supporting himself with his forearms on either side of Cas' head. His lips met those of his angel, who opened up to his probing tongue immediately. Dean lost himself in the hot, sensual slide of lips and tongues and was caught off guard when Cas bent his legs for more leverage, feet planted flat onto the bed, and thrusted up into him again, harder than he had before. Cas swallowed Dean's startled moan greedily, repeating the action.
Also, I'm open for suggestions for the third and last chapter, Eternity. Should I write about their wedding, their married life, should it take place directly after the second chapter...? I'm a little indecisive so if you have any requests/ideas, whatever, feel free to write it in the comments!
Directly behind him stood a man with incredibly blue eyes. Eyes that Dean had never forgotten since he last saw them six years ago, couldn't have forgotten if he'd wanted to. He went wide-eyed and slack-jawed, the coffee falling to the floor, but he couldn't care less.
He dragged Cas down into a messy kiss as he began thrusting, slow and steady and careful at first. “C’mon, sweetheart, show me who I belong to,” Dean egged him on, letting their lips brush as he spoke. “I know you want to –
Obviously, Jo just told Cas something funny, because the blue-eyed teenager was laughing loudly, head thrown back and eyes crinkling at the corners.
“Thanks Sammy, but I can’t really breathe right now…I would prefer to be still alive when I’m getting married”, Dean gasped as he tried to free himself. Sam let him go and then gave Cas the same treatment. But unlike Dean, the angel had no problem with Sam’s bear hug, thanks to angel mojo. He thanked him, too and then they all settled back down to finally eat their breakfast.
He startled as Cas suddenly appeared in the hallway, still not entirely used to angel transport, and came to a stumbling halt in front of the angel.
They broke apart after several minutes, out of breath, only because of someone clearing their throat right beside them. Dean let go of Cas and turned towards the cause of the interruption.
Dean felt exposed and split open and fucking fantastic, hands scrabbling at Cas’ back for something to hold onto as he urged him to just fucking move already,
He was almost fully asleep when a thought occurred to him and he felt that he absolutely couldn’t wait until tomorrow to voice it lest he lost his nerve until then.
"Sorry, Babe. Hope this will make it up for ya", he said as he straddled Cas' hips and stroked him a few times with his lubed up hand. Cas moaned loudly, and then whimpered  when Dean stopped his movements and just held his cock at the base. The hunter shuffled forwards a little on his knees, then he raised his hips, lined Cas' cock up with his hole and braced himself for what's to come. He closed his eyes and lowered his hips again, sinking down onto Cas in one slow move while exhaling deeply, trying to stay relaxed in order to minimize the pain.
Cas leaned over him, one hand planted besides Dean’s head while the other guided his dick towards Dean’s open, puffy rim. Dean breathed deeply, concentrating on keeping his body relaxed for the main event. He was rewarded with Cas’ thick head slowly breaching him until it finally popped past the ring of muscle with a moan from both of them. As soon as Cas didn’t need his hand to guide his dick anymore, he let go and instead gathered Dean’s leg so it was resting in the crook of his elbow and he was able to open Dean’s legs even wider as he sunk in the rest of the way.
“Mom. Mom, stop crying, please. I’m not dead. I’m fine, really. Please don’t cry.” His mother looked up at him, confused again.
“I-I wanted to ask you something”, Dean began, a little bit insecure. Cas looked at him wide-eyed, indicating for him to go on.
even, for something, anything? Yeah, totally unexpected. Dean could feel his resolve crumbling, even though he'd always told himself that he didn't need his dad and that he could go to hell these past ten years. Hell, longer, even. He'd tried to convince himself of that whenever he missed his family, how it was before his mother died. But he couldn't help the little blossom of hope growing in his chest. Hope that his dad actually had changed and they could try and mend the cleft the past years had opened up between them. Because even after everything, John was still his dad and was it even possible for someone to hate their own blood enough to never give them a chance ever again?
When they would just walk down the street, holding hands, lots of people – mostly women – would throw them lingering glances, often seeming disappointed or even jealous. Dean would always grin smugly and wrap an arm around Cas’ waist, pulling him as close as possible as they walked.
“Baby, I love you so much. I’m so glad to finally have you, here with me”, Dean whispered in between brief kisses. His thrusts started to become a little erratic and he forced himself to hold his rhythm and not thrust into Cas faster. He was close, and he moved one hand downwards to wrap around his angel’s cock, but Cas shook his head and grabbed his hand with his own.
“That’s great, sweetheart. But I still want you to take me home and show me who I belong to. You game?”
As Cas reached the waistband, he sat up on his heels between Dean’s thighs, regarding the panties hungrily as his hands roamed all over Dean’s hips and stomach. He looked positively debauched already, eyes dark and hair even more of a mess than usual thanks to Dean’s own hands, his chest heaving with heavy breaths. Dean smiled to himself at the thought of getting his man so riled up with nothing but a flimsy piece of lacy fabric.
Several minutes later, he was just stirring the sauce for the pasta as he felt strong arms slide around his waist from behind and a kiss being pressed to the back of his neck. He sighed contentedly, leaning back into Dean's warmth.
"Well, then you sure don't want to know that Germans write every word where you can put a 'the', or rather 'der', 'die', 'das', before starts with a capital letter", Cas goes on, just to rile Dean up even more.
Dean rolled his eyes. Sam always wanted to go as soon as possible. It was just 9 a.m. by now and Dean really wanted to spend some more quality time with Cas.
They sat together a little longer, Mary asking tons of questions about their relationship and stuff. Eventually, they decided that they had to go back to earth; Sam and Kevin were surely wondering where they were. They said goodbye with the promise of seeing each other again at the wedding before Cas took Dean’s hand and zapped them back to their room in the bunker.
Dean took one of Cas’ nipples between his lips, suckling lightly, and the angel writhed underneath him, moaning softly. After a few moments, Dean moved on to the other nipple and laved it with his mouth and tongue, before sitting back up to admire the sight of the man beneath him.
The hunter closed his eyes and fell asleep minutes later, while Cas was perfectly happy with resting in his lover’s gentle embrace until Dean would wake up again.
“We’re going to explain all of this to you and dad. Can we come in?” Dean promised her quickly, and Mary stepped aside to let the two men enter the house. It was exactly like Dean remembered it. On the couch in the living room sat his father, reading a book.
"Yes, I suppose it is. But I like the challenge. It's very...different than English, I'd say, even though many words are similar", Cas tries to find a way to explain it to his boyfriend.
, he repeated to himself several times. Still, his hands were shaking as he picked up the bottle of lube they kept in the bathroom. He lubed up his fingers and reached behind himself, slowly inserting one finger into his own hole. His other hand white-knuckled the edge of the counter as he fucked his finger in and out of his entrance, adding a second as soon as possible. The third finger followed soon, since Dean tried to prep himself as quick as possible without hurting himself because he wouldn't have Cas waiting too long. He knew that he himself wouldn't be able to lie there on the bed patiently for long.
Back at the bunker, they realized that Kevin was already asleep. They headed to their room and into the adjoining bathroom to take a shower together. Under the hot water, Dean quickly washed himself and then took his time with Cas, kissing and stroking and massaging every inch of his body with aching tenderness. He avoided his cock though, which was rock hard after half an hour of Dean’s loving ministrations and Cas accepted it, knowing his lover would take care of him soon. He let himself be dried off and led to the bedroom, where he was laid down onto their bed gently.
"I was just asking myself if - you know, when we're having the wedding in heaven and mom and dad will be there - if we could also invite some of our friends. The dead ones I mean", he said, and Cas could hear the sad undertone in Dean's voice as he thought about all those people they've lost over the years.
Dean started shuddering on top of Cas, his fingers digging into the blue-eyed man's chest as he could feel his orgasm building inside of him. Unable to rise himself up and down anymore, he resolved to rocking back and forth on Cas' thick cock, grinding down and taking him in as deep as possible.
"Of course, Dean. I'm happy I finally get to meet my father-in-law", Cas said, and although he didn't think it possible, Dean felt himself fall even deeper in love with Cas at the pure honesty in his husband's voice. Cas turned to face him and pressed a sweet kiss to his lips. Then, he turned back to the stove. "Now, I hope you're hungry. Dinner's almost ready." Dean's stomach grumbled in response, too quiet for Cas to hear, but a reminder to himself that it'd been a few hours since he'd last eaten something. Regretfully, he stepped away from Cas to get plates and cutlery and began to set the table, mind still reeling from his talk with John.
After a minute, Cas pulled his finger back out and poured a generous amount of lube onto his hand, both of them waiting impatiently for it to warm up. As soon as Cas deemed the temperature acceptable, he pushed back in, this time with two fingers, and Dean pressed his head back into the pillows as he moaned unabashedly. Cas immediately zeroed in on his prostate, by now perfectly aware of its location, and proceeded to turn Dean into a stuttering, sweaty mess. The electric sensation of having his prostate stimulated had his toes curling and eyes rolling back into his head in no time, and he barely even noticed the addition of a third finger.
Any kind of feedback and constructive criticism as always very much welcome. Thank you all for reading! <3
This, Dean really couldn’t argue and he kissed back with just as much eagerness. His hands found their way to Cas’ back, stroking up and down while they continued their kiss. Cas’ hands roamed over his chest and the angel brushed his nipples a few times, making Dean groan. They were both fully hard after only a few minutes of their heavy make-out session. Dean had just realized that they didn’t have any lube in here, when Cas rose up a little, gripped the hunter’s precome-dripping cock and began to sink down onto him.
Half an hour later, the two of them were back on the road for the first time in weeks and Dean was reminded of the good old times, when it would be just him and his brother against all those evil sons of bitches killing innocent people.
The other patrons of the diner looked mostly slightly shocked, but they seemed to either agree with Sam or be afraid to say something, because neither of them made a move on him. Dean and Cas sat still frozen in their seat, while Sam just sat back down as if nothing had happened and the homophobic guy stumbled out of the diner.
Suddenly, he finds himself on his back with Dean sitting on his thighs, pinning his arms down with his hands on Cas' wrists. "Please, Cas. Say something. Anything. Or I'll tickle you", Dean threatens with an evil grin. Cas eyes widen comically.
At some point in the early afternoon, Sam went to their room and knocked on the door, calling their names softly. When he didn't get an answer he figured the risk to walk in on something was small, and he entered the room quietly. He had to smile at what he saw there, his brother and his angel curled up in their bed, arms wrapped tightly around each other, blanket tugged up to the waist -
"I just didn't know that you're- together that's all," she answers sheepishly. Dean's still confused, but Cas steps in smoothly.
“Mornin’ Babe”, he whispered against Cas’ lips and wrapped his arms tighter around his slim waist, pulling him closer.
After they’d left the diner, the three of them went to a bar for a drink. They hadn’t been out together very much lately, mostly Dean took Cas out alone and Sam stayed at the bunker with Kevin. The prophet hadn’t joined them today as well, saying he’d like an evening just by himself.
"Huh. Oh and I'm sorry you're not feeling too well lately, Babe. I wish I could do something about that. But I'm sure the morning sickness will get better soon, the books said the first three to four months are usually the worst, right?" Dean asked, looking at Cas with endless amounts of love, care and concern in those incredibly green eyes. Cas smiled at him softly, pulling him back down to once again rest his head on his shoulder. He closed his eyes, a sudden sleepiness overcoming him. Just yet another side effect of the tiny life growing inside him.
"I always knew you two were made for each other", Mary gushed enthusiastically. "It's so good that you found each other again. I couldn't stand that everpresent emptiness in my son's eyes anymore, Cas. It was so terrible to see him suffer like that."
Dean was nervous, but he tried not to make it too obvious. He'd thought about something in the last two days, something Cas had asked him about once, but it'd made Dean uncomfortable so he'd dropped it immediately. But right now, the hunter really was considering
Dean didn’t bother answering. Instead, he grabbed Cas’ chin, turned his face to him gently and kissed him sweetly. After a few seconds, Charlie piped up again.
He was still shaking through the aftershocks of a mind-blowing orgasm when he suddenly found himself on his back, Dean on top of him now. He gazed into those green eyes dazedly, body relaxed and pliant now that his high had faded. Head a little clearer, he realized that Dean was still hard and throbbing inside him, but he wasn't moving anymore. Knowing what his husband was waiting for, Cas used the last of his strength to wrap his legs around Dean's waist and reached down to cup the other man's ass cheeks, pulling him even deeper.
"Dr. Novak, are you alright? No offense, but you seem to be a little...off, lately", she said, looking at him with concern in her eyes. She was surprised that the first thing the older man did was to smile at her widely before answering in his usual serious tone.
“Oh Babe, didn’t you see that I tried to get her to stop?” Cas shook his head, surprise showing in his blue eyes.
"Cas!" he called after him, starting to jog in his direction as Cas turned back around. He looked at Dean questioningly, his head tilted to the side adorably, a habit he'd had since Dean could remember. Dean quickly stepped up to him, cupping his face in his hands and pressing his lips to Cas' forcefully and without a second's hesitation.
"I thought I heard something in the main room", he whispered and Dean immediately stood more upright and alert, trying his best to shake the tiredness off and be prepared to fight as he followed Cas into the main room.
“I’m sure he’ll get over it”, Cas said reassuringly. “Come on, Dean, let’s just go to bed, okay? I don’t want to discuss your father’s narrow-minded views right now. Please just let it go for now, okay?” he pleaded and stood up to shed his clothes. Dean sighed but followed suit and they both stripped down to nothing quickly before they slipped beneath the warm blankets. They cuddled together with Cas as the little spoon and fell asleep soon after.
"Thanks, babe," Dean said, lifting his head from Cas' shoulder to press a soft kiss to his lips. When he pulled back and opened his eyes, Cas smiled at him before pulling him back in gently. Their lips moved together slowly and passionately as they melted into each other on the couch. When they eventually came up for air, Dean seemed a lot more relaxed than when Cas had walked in earlier.
“Hey, calm down, Cas. I don’t even swing that way”, Charlie laughed. Cas glare turned into confusion and he tilted his head, which Dean found incredibly adorable.
"Are you telling me you did not know that? They aren't exactly subtle about it." Kevin laughed at her dumbfounded expression.
"Are you sure, Dean? You said that your father would most likely flip out", Cas answers, and Dean can clearly hear the concern in his voice.
It was pretty obvious that Cas had never done something like this before, but he catched up quickly and opened his mouth almost immediately as Dean probed the seam of his lips with his tongue. They explored each other’s mouths with their tongues until the hunter had to break the kiss due to lack of oxygen. Cas made a little disappointed sound before looking up at Dean wide-eyed.
“I said humans can only see an angel’s wings when the angel is attracted to them.” This stunned Dean into silence for a minute.
"Yes. Thank you again, Dean", John said, and Dean ended the call. He stood in the hallway for a good five minutes afterwards, mind still reeling from everything that's just happened. Eventually, he managed to regain enough control over his body to put the phone back and walk into the kitchen. Cas stood in front of the stove and was cooking something that smelled downright amazing. He walked up to his husband and wrapped his arms around him from behind, nuzzling his neck affectionately.
Dean sighed. Now came the part he feared the most. He knew exactly that his father wasn’t really fond of homosexuality (even if Dean wouldn’t consider himself as gay, since he’d never liked another man before Cas) and he was pretty nervous about telling him. But he loved his angel and he wanted both his parents to be there when they’ll get married. Dean took a deep breath before he started again.
“Well, okay then…I’m happy for you two”, Sam said, pouring himself a cup of coffee and settling down at the breakfast table. Dean kissed Cas again, licking into his mouth gently, and Sam threw them a bitch face – which they couldn’t see, of course, for their eyes being closed while they were completely lost in their kiss. Sam coughed.
Cas felt his shoulders slump in defeat as he realized how idiotic he’s been behaving for the past twenty minutes or so. He dragged a weary hand though his hair and sighed. “I’m sorry, Dean. I was being ridiculous. What happened at the club—"
Dean couldn't help but smile at the concern in Cas' huge blue eyes and he leaned in to kiss him again.
"Cas?" he breathed, increduously. The other man turned his head and looked at him, and Dean saw realization flash across his features.
“I just – I wanted to say sorry. I mean, I should have just left you alone when you told me you’re taken. I apologize for any trouble I caused between the two of you, it really hadn’t been my intention to hurt someone and...” she babbled, her face getting redder by the second.
Or the two of them would be on the couch watching movies, cuddling, with Cas lying in between Dean’s outstretched legs, head resting on his boyfriend’s chest – listening to his steady heartbeat. From time to time, the angel would lean up for a sweet kiss, before settling back down lazily, and Dean would continue running his fingers through his messy bed hair comfortingly. Sam would watch their loving gestures from his place on an armchair – since he’d been practically thrown off the sofa – and he would smile to himself, marveling about how happy he was for Dean and his angel.
"It's actually pretty close to yours, only a fifteen minutes drive, I guess", Cas answered sleepily. "Speaking of which", he added, glancing at the alarm clock on the nighstand, "I should be there to sign the contract in half an hour." He groaned, not wanting to get up and out of Dean's arms at all.
He was interrupted by everyone shouting 'of course', except Pamela, who asked "So you are the one who burned my eyes outta my skull?"
“Dean, please”, Cas groaned, hips thrusting upwards, his new erection sliding against Dean’s. They both moaned at the feeling and they thrust against each other a few more times before Dean pulled away and sat up. He grabbed the lube and squirted some into his palm, spreading it across his rock hard cock and hissing at the coolness of it. He then pushed three fingers into Cas’ orgasm-loose hole again and scissored them apart, checking his readiness. The angel moved his hips against his fingers, eyes halfway closed and gasping quietly.
to watch porn and masturbate in the middle of the night?” he complained, instead of saying good morning. Dean turned and looked at him questioningly.
"Of course, Dean. I'm happy I finally get to meet my father-in-law", Cas replied, turning in Dean's arms to kiss him tenderly. "Now, I hope you're hungry. Dinner's almost ready", he said with a smile, pecking Dean's lips one last time before turning back around to look after their food. Yes, he thought, he really did look forward to meeting the father of the love of his life.
"Hey Jo, have you noticed anything strange about Dr. Novak lately?" Nurse Charlie asks her blonde coworker, trying to sound casual. They were both on break from their shift in the cardiology wing of the hospital. Charlie was one of Dr. Novak's interns and she was convinced that something was wrong with the blue eyed man, she just had absolutely no clue what it could be. She was sure that if he were actually sick he would never be performing surgeries, the risk of infection was way too high and he wouldn't dream of putting a patient in danger.
"Uh, I'm not sure what you're asking here. I mean, they're married, obviously", Kevin said hesitantly, frowning up at the redhead. Charlie's eyes went wide in shock.
"Yes, they always get up so early. I don't get it, it's the weekend, I'd normally sleep in until ten at least, but right now that's rather practical for us, so I'm not complaining", Dean answered while pressing the doorbell. He beamed at Cas as they waited for someone to let them in, and he smiled back just as brightly, even if there was still a little bit of uncertainty detecable in those blue eyes.
“I thought that…that you already don’t want me anymore, that I’m not enough for you, that you no longer love me, that –
Now, Sam, Dean and Cas were seated at a table in the bar, each of them with a beer in front of them, just relaxing and sipping their drinks. Sam left soon, being dragged to the dancefloor by some woman he’d been chatting up. So Dean was left alone with his angel and they just talked back and forth about nothing important at all, until Cas got up to get more beer because Dean said he should learn to act ‘more like a normal human being’.
. So he’d pulled his boyfriend into his lap and kissed him, deep and slow and passionate, so that she’d definitely get the message. The next time she’d come to their table, she told them that they were “A really, really cute couple”. Dean had groaned in embarrassment while Cas just sat there beaming at him and Sam had a hard time holding back his laughter.
"So, you ready to rock this?" Dean asked, fiddling with his tie again, and looked up at Cas, who had apparently mojo'd himself into a matching carcoal tux. He looked stunning. Dean wasn't sure if he would be able to hold himself back from kissing him 'til the end of the ceremony. To make it easier to resist later on, he tugged Cas into a long, deep kiss by his tie. Cas eagerly reciprocated, his arms winding around Dean's neck, holding him close.
And that did the trick. Dean felt Cas shudder hard a split-second before he collapsed on top of Dean with a choked-off moan of his name, felt his cock twitch and fill him up with hot come while Cas kept shoving into him in small, jerky thrusts. It was enough to have Dean coming, too, and he arched off the bed as much as he could with most of Cas’ weight on top of him, claiming his lips in a bruising kiss as he painted both their stomachs white.
Castiel had never really considered himself the jealous type, but the way they were staring at his boyfriend had him dig his nails into his palm so hard he was at risk of drawing blood. He’d never really enjoyed clubs like this, and dancing certainly wasn’t his strong forte, so he stood at the bar with a drink while Dean was on the dancefloor and – well, he couldn’t really begrudge the other clubgoers for their appreciative stares. Dean
He thought about his angel, sleeping in his arms so peacefully, and he felt his heart warming with all the love he felt for his fiancé - god, he had turned into such a sap. He still couldn't believe how lucky he was to have Cas. He was an angel, so perfect and beautiful and strong and Dean was just a human, a hunter, but despite that, Cas still loved him more than everything else and it made Dean so incredibly happy to be able to lie here, with an angel wrapped up in his embrace, trusting Dean enough to let his guard down like this.
are beautiful, Babe,” Dean whispered and then he moaned as Cas just hummed and rocked his hips a little harder. His wings were trembling with pleasure, as well as the rest of his body. Dean reached out towards the right wing with his hand, but stopped shortly before he actually touched it. He looked at his boyfriend questioningly. Cas nodded frantically and Dean buried his hand in the soft feathers, stroking across the wing in awe.
"We haven't", Dean explained. "We met Friday for the first time since back then." Now Bobby seemed even more bewildered.
And fuck, but that definitely did the trick, as Cas finally abandoned his controlled motions and started pistoning into Dean in earnest, hitting his prostate on every other thrust in and making him see literal stars.
"I...I just couldn't do it. I always wanted you, Dean. I just--I never even felt the desire to sleep with anyone else."
"Okay, okay, I'll do it! Stop! Please, Dean, stop it!!" The tickling immediately ceases and Dean stares down at him expectantly. Cas racks his brain for something to say with his limited vocabular. Suddenly, he has an idea. He's never had the guts to tell Dean, but like this, he wouldn't know, right? He could say whatever he wanted to say and Dean would be none the wiser. So he takes a deep breath, looks Dean square in the eye and says,
“Come on, Cas. Why won’t you tell me? It can’t be that bad. What could possibly be bad about me seeing your wings? I mean, they’re really awesome, dude. I’m your best friend, you can tell me everything. I swear I won’t flip out. Please, Cas”, Dean pleaded, trying to give him the puppy eyes his brother always used to get whatever he wanted. Cas sighed and mumbled something under his breath, but Dean didn’t catch one word of what he’d said.
"Wow, um- Congratulations, then. I didn't even know you were in a relationship." Her tone indicates that it's meant as a question, even though it wasn't worded as one. Now it's Dean's turn to be confused because- what? Lisa turns to pour herself a cup of coffee and adds some sugar and milk. She's obviously trying to seem nonchalant but he can see the tension in her shoulders.
After they’d looked for a new case, but didn’t find one, they spent the day hanging out at the bunker. Sam read one book from the library after the other and Kevin disappeared into his room and only came out for dinner. God knows what he’d been doing in there. Dean tried to teach Cas how to cook but there was way more kissing involved than actual cooking. Eventually, they managed to get dinner ready. The four of them ate quickly and then they settled down on the couch and watched TV, Cas curled up against Dean with his head on the hunter’s chest and Dean with his arm tightly wrapped around his boyfriend, a blanket draped over the two of them.
Dean walked into the kitchen and found Cas putting away the stuff he needed for dinner, the pizza already in the oven filling the spacious room with it's delicious aroma. Dean stepped up to his husband and pressed a quick kiss to his temple, his arm sliding around the other man's waist as John entered the kitchen behind him.Cas immediately stepped forward to shake his hand. "Mr. Winchester. I'm Castiel. It's good to finally meet you," he said, managing to sound incredibly calm while also making it unmistakably clear that he won't take shit from anyone. "I've-- well, it'd be a lie to say I've heard so much about you, but Dean did tell me some things." Dean had to stifle a giggle as he saw his dad's slight wince at Cas' firm handshake."And it wasn't all good stuff, either, I guess?" John asked, obviously trying for lighthearted. Cas' expression remained stoic.
"I love you, too, Dean", the angel answered and pressed another kiss to his soft lips, before he started to move again; slow, lazy circles of his hips against Dean's. He writhed on Dean's cock in ecstasy, breath hitching every time the head hit his prostate just right.
“What?” Dean interrupted, “that guy? Nothing even happened with him. Plus, it definitely wasn’t the first time something like this happened and you’ve never reacted like this before.”
“No, no, it’s okay; I rather want to bring this behind me as soon as possible. Just send us up there right now, please.” Cas complied, and the next moment Dean found himself in front of their old house in Lawrence.
“Yeah, I figured”, Dean chuckled against the angel’s lips as he leaned down for a gentle kiss. Cas responded slow and a bit sluggish, due to his still totally fucked-out state and Dean continued the kiss until the angel regained some of his strength and reciprocated more forcefully.
"Yeah, of course, and I don't even know how to thank you for this. But what I meant is; won't he be lonely, now that she is not there anymore?"
"Dad?" he said, and hated himself for the way his voice shook. Cas turned and left into the direction of the kitchen and Dean was partially grateful for the privacy but on the other hand wanted nothing more than to hold his hand or something. God, he was such a chick sometimes.
“Cas, Baby, where are you going? Why are you so upset?” Dean asked, concern clearly showing in his voice, but Cas didn’t answer him. Tears sprang to his eyes and he tried desperately to hold them back.
"He didn't freak out about it?" Cas asked. He sounded surprised, unsurprisingly. Dean hadn't exactly kept his opinions on John to himself in the past and he had more than once mentioned his father's view on...well, lots of things, one of them being homosexuality.
always been there for me in the past seven years," Dean answered, unable to stop the hinted accusation from slipping out. "Let's go to the kitchen, you can put down the wine and meet Cas before Sam and Jess get here. And, fair warning, Sam's probably gonna be a harder nut to crack than me." John nodded before turning to follow him with a last glance at the photograph, and Dean thought he detected a tiny smile playing around his father's lips.
"Please, Dean, move", he whispered against his lips as he broke the kiss. Dean complied happily, starting with slow, shallow thrust and gradually building up a gentle rhythm. He grabbed Cas' hands that were now clutching the sheets beside him, and intertwined their fingers, pressing their joined hands into the pillows above Cas' head.
He hadn’t really adjusted to seeing this side of his brother mostly since they came together, although that had been ten months ago. But he was happy for Dean, he deserved some happiness after all those horrible things they’d faced over the years. Sam smiled a small smile and finished his salad.
Dean managed to hit his prostate a few more times and then Cas threw his head back into the pillows.
Charlie cleared her throat hesitantly, catching the doctor's attention. He looked up at her and she decided to take the plunge and just ask him if he was okay.
Sooo...it's been half a FUCKING YEAR since I updated this story and I'm very sorry. I have no other excuse than school and the fact that I kinda lost inspiration for this. I still hope you can forgive me...?
“Love ya”, he whispered into the angel’s dark hair and pressed a kiss to his neck. Cas snuggled even closer to him, murmuring a sleepy-sounding
Afterwards, he lifted his hips enough for Dean to slip out of him and then laid down with his head on Dean's chest and Dean's arms tightly around his waist.They basked in the afterglow of their lovemaking silently for quite some time. At some point, Cas had to use his mojo to increase the water temperature since they'd been in the tub so long that the water already started to get too cold to be comfortable.
"Very well. Do you wish to stay in a room with Mary for the night?" he asked, understanding clearly obvious in his voice and eyes. Mary interrupted them before Dean could answer.
"W-what? You're pregnant?!" Charlie exclaimed quite loudly. She winced as she noticed her mistake. "Sorry. That's great, Dr. Novak, I'm so happy for you!" she continued, more quiet this time.
“You said that humans are only able to see wings if an angel is attracted to them. But you’re by far not the only angel whose wings I can see, and I won’t believe that all of them are in love with me or something.”
"I have to admit, I wasn't much better off. I did just about everything to keep myself distracted all these years. I still haven't  forgiven my parents entirely for taking me away from Dean", Cas said, squeezing Dean's hand empathetically. Dean blinked, trying hard to hold back tears. He was overwhelmed by the way his life changed so drastically since his and Cas reunion. Over the last six years, he had pretty much lost the hope for ever being happy. But now, he was so damn happy he could cry.
