“It is.” Castiel said schooling his face. “I was just…appreciating the dawn.” He added by way of explanation.
“Good.” She said nodding. She waved the flies away, then pulled from her gold and purple pocket a tiny pottery jar. When she took off its lid, he smelled the ointment inside. Thick and rich and strange. Startling him, she dropped to one knee, and smeared his burning legs with the jars fragrant paste. Her fingers were cool and sure against his sun seared skin. The pain vanished, and he was shocked. He hadn’t known a woman could touch a he-brat and not hurt it. It made him wonder what else he did not know?
“What have you done? You cut off your slave braid?” Castiel asked. “Oh Tran…….you know what a serious offense that is. I cannot help you. They’ll have you on the Scorpion wheel for this….”
Castiel had been surprised to be ushered into his closet and wrapped up in his plainest pair of plain black riding trousers and a simple tunic of thick grey wool. It was part of a riding costume that Castiel had never worn on account that the fabric scratched and it was too bulky and plain for his tastes. With Tran’s help, his hair was coiled and wrapped in a headscarf and Castiel donned his cloak again from the other night. It was as close to ordinary as he was likely to get.
It ought to have comforted him. That the amulet had remained still. That it did not twitch. Did not sting him and sear his flesh like it had the witch Ilistur. Surely, if the God had not
-Princess Kla’ara of Et-Novakar.
So the Caravan continued. But he did not walk. He ran. He danced. He darted ahead, then back to Maeghara. Sometimes with flowers to give him. Other times just a smile. He felt like a snake that had shed its skin. All scaled and wrinkled. Tattered and torn. Dee-Ann was the new snake with cotton clothes and shoes on his feet. And charms woven through his godbraided hair. Yes, he was a beautiful snake!
“She’s nice enough I suppose. She writes the letters herself,
If these dreams were anything like those that had predicted the massacre of his family, he did not think he wanted to know them.
“Well I could hardly go to a Palace Poison Master now could I?” Gabriel fired back. “And the bitch owed me a few favors. I threatened her with her life if she deceived me.”
A sound like someone trying not to make a sound.
“Swear it to me.” Castiel said in a trembling voice.
“Aaaaaiiiiieeeeee Mega?!” she said swollen with displeasure. “Must we travel with a Godspeaker caravan? There are so many of them in a Caravan. You know what it will be like. They live and breathe and sweat out the God. To be close like that I lose my appetite. Would you have me skin and bone by the time we reach Et-Banotaj?”
When they were gone, he whipped back the curtains and trotted – still dressed in his trousers and boots – to wait for Tran; who arrived moments later.
. Right and safe and beautiful and delicious and dangerous.
The rain that morning was not THE beginning, for there are none in the turning of the Wheel. No more than was the ill fated meeting with thrice cursed Maeghara, the Bazaar where he found his Scorpion amulet, crossing blades with Bobarak in the Godhouse of Et-Mamiklia or even the 90 day pilgrimage with then uncrowned Castiel.
It felt warm in his palm.
“What do you mean? With Ana back I thought we’d all be dining together.” Castiel asked pulling on his dressing gown. Over the past weeks it had become custom for the members of the Blood to take their meals in one of the smaller dining rooms with their mother and whatever delegates or Noblewomen she was entertaining.
Staring at him.
“You will see. Come.” The slave repeated.
“Light see you my lord.” a young slave boy said as soon as he appeared. He was one of the new ones. He had memorized the appropriate greeting, but he forgot to bow his head. Instead he stood looking at Castiel with a mix of fear and awe. Castiel softened his expression with a smile.
“Perils of spending me days outside I’m afraid.” Johdilia said with a jaunty wink.
and he didn't know what he was doing wrong!  It wasn't Dee-Ann's fault, there wasn't anything Castiel could think of that his lover could be doing differently to make it easier. Maybe he just had to adjust. Maybe it was like when he’d first sucked Dee-Ann’s cock? He just had to learn to like it?
She was about to reject him. He could see it in her face. So he spoke again before she would have the chance.
Once they were nearly caught in a warrior raid!
His eyes fell on Castiel, and a fresh wave of pain sliced through him more keenly than an actual knife.
“What amuses Dee-Ann?” Maeghara asked. He would have liked to hold her hand again, but that wasn’t a gesture for him to make. She must touch first always. He smiled at her instead.
Tran gave him a horrified look, his hand automatically finding the disc at his throat. “Castiel…it is a night and a day on the stone wheel for Servants caught without their necklace…..”
It peeled away the layers of his consciousness like that of an onion until he found that place deep inside his mind which was perfectly quiet. For a moment pain lanced through his body. Warmth spread through him. Even as the light entered his brain, his organs. It suffused what would’ve been his body. His consciousness. His…self.
“I can find it.” Castiel said with more confidence than he felt. But Tran was speaking to him again so he would take what he could get at the moment. “What about you?”
Despite its two large burner lamps, the kitchen was dark. The air choked with the stink of rancid goat butter, and spoiling goat meat. A mud brick oven swallowed half the space between the door and the solitary window. There were three wooden shelves, one rickety wooden stool, and a scarred wooden table. Almost unheard of in this land, whose trees had ages ago turned to stone.
"I help the people who walk through that door in whatever way they need. And for the right price. Man's wife fuckin him too hard, I can brew him a tea that'll dry her cunt and douse her flame." she said. "Man's wife got a wandering eye? I have herbs....one pinch in a cup of wine she'll ride him till morning."
This was the thing with feathers that granted peace its serenity
“My appetite needs no spicing!” Derubeis snorted. “The godcakes of Et-Haravelle are the worst I have ever tasted!” she said flapping her hands. For the first time since he and the short Trader had met, Dee-Ann thought he was right.
Castiel felt his heart hammering in his chest. "You wish to marry me to the Southern Queen?"
“My best feature?” Castiel teased.
"Have you considered speaking to Godspeaker Kufu again? Perhaps he can offer some insight." Tran suggested.
“Lock the door Kufu. We have wasted enough time.” Castiel heard the unmistakable voice of the Reverend Mother say.
So he dressed himself in the clothes she gave him: Thick cotton pantaloons that pooled around his legs and a simple tunic – both brown – which he had to tighten with a cord around his waist. His feet were smaller than hers, so he decided to keep his own shoes for the time being.
." he added, stressing the name.
“But be wary as you travel the roads through Et-Jokriel.” The Godspeaker said with warning in her voice.
“It is damp my Lord. I have just finished sponging it.” The young slave said tentatively as if nervous for having to deliver such news.
He studied the tablets writing carefully before, beginning to read out loud.
So many words he did not understand. But from the way Maeghara spoke, Dee-Ann could only think that these words described him. And like beautiful, flowering and blossoming and magnificent must be good things.
“I swear before the Light.” Castiel said absently touching his hand to his forehead.
“You have brought me this far God. Please see your slave Dee-Ann a little further.” He said softly before continuing closer to the tents.
“I remember.” Kufu said.
"Maeghara..." Dee-Ann said beaming. "Maeghara. I have been good. I work in the garden. I clean in the kitchen. I study with the tutor five fingers every day. I am not savage now. I read and dance. I have sweet breath and clean skin. When can I join you in the villa?"
Now the Woman pressed her heel between the man’s ribs and pressed him flat on his back. “You should pray thanks to the God! Another Woman would’ve broke your legs and turned you out Seasons ago! Another Woman would’ve plowed two hands of living Daughters on a better bitch than you!”
Beside them, Rubi roused. “Spare your breath Mega…..” she whined. “It doesn’t Geography. Teach it a dozen ways to spread its legs and it will know more than enough for our purposes.”
“Those trees are the God’s doing.” He said to himself.
It was only once the flames began to die down that Castiel could hear the litany of screams and curses that Gord-Ahn was showering on him. But he didn’t care. His entire world had settled in his arms and legs, which were screaming in agony from the raw and blistered skin.
"Yes, in two fat Godmoons Maeghara and I will go caravanning. We have been tasked by the High Godspeakers to join a royal procession. We are being allowed to trade and collect rare tribute from three separate regions in time for the Queen's name day. A great honor. The God sees us and its Eye." Goat Derubeis gloated.
He had so many questions for her.
The Woman was staring at the Traders too, her eyes popping with amazement. She bobbed her head at them, like a chicken seeking corn.
Castiel was exhausted. But once he was finally allowed to see their work, he had to admit they were masterful. If he was more prone to vanity he might've asked for one for his own chambers. But for the moment he had more pressing concerns. The doors opened, and two guards stepped through. Godspeaker Kufu appeared a moment later, followed by his Mother.
Anybody esle notice that the God Dean is being exposed to and the fluffy warm light Castiel worships seem a bit like two different things?
He only snarled when they tried to take off the snake eye amulet Maeghara had given him. Then they squealed and groveled and Ashar demanded from the other side of the curtain to know what was going on. The men rushed to tell the slave that all was in order. Dee-Ann said nothing.
Gold mattered to Maeghara. He did not.  He was a thing to her. Not a person. Not her precioys and beautiful Dee-Ann.
The amulet seller was a wrinkled woman, so old her skin was fading to a light and ugly brown. All her graying godbraids were limp. Her eyes were filmed over with whitish scum. She was losing most of her teeth.
‘I not weak.’ The child told himself fiercely, as the Woman soaked the man in venom and spite; and the man wept believing him. ‘I never beg.’
the green was gone from the other Warlords’ lands.
“These….” he murmured, leaning in closer and kissing Castiel's lips gently.
Hello my lovelies! Sorry for not updating the last two days! Just had a LOT going on. But all's well and all that. This is just a quick little sojourn back into Dee-Ann's POV since I felt like it was a crime how long we haven't checked in with him. There is much more to come, but I thought this would be a good little palette cleanser to switch back after so long being in Castiel's head. Mwah! Hope you guys enjoy!
“Having fun?” he asked coyly. Dee-Ann nodded unashamed.
He looked to the side, seeing the tunnel they'd come through; where the skeletons and corpses were tied to the wooden posts. He was in the room beyond them now. The one he'd barely glimpsed before everything had gone black. He looked around frantically, feeling a panic rising up within him. Where was-?
“…….fast as I could.” He heard the Godspeaker say.
“Little brother!” Gabriel said smiling devilishly. “That was excellent! Those diaries are doing you a world of good. I think when you’ve finished with them I might like to peek under Anne whoosie whatsie’s skirts.”
"They fell out of favor when it was discovered, there were still those among them who practiced the religions of their homeland. Sula was made an example of. He was ravaged, beaten and promptly banished. But not before he'd saved enough coin....with my help; to bring his sister to the city." Gabriel explained as he led Castiel to a rather seedy looking region.
*     *     *
“When she’s not warring with other nations, she slakes her despicable lust for tears and…even blood on her husbands. She has had seven. All young and healthy. One was only fourteen. None of them have managed to give her an heir. And what she did to them before they were allowed to die? It’s unspeakable. They are a people without honor. And they certainly don’t dwell in the light.”
in the process; every piece of armor, every single link of chain mail; even her sword…was forged entirely from the blood of her enemies.
“Who?” Castiel asked, his eyes stretched wide and his voice barely above a whisper.
? Her great lesson? His teeth bit into his lip so hard he tasted blood.
Hello my lovelies! I am so sorry for the delay. Life got real and I haven't had a chance to sit down and write. Please accept this offering.
“Sixteen.”
“And you’re changing into my clothes because……this is some role reversal fantasy?” Tran asked cocking an eyebrow.
The Trader nodded. “True.” She held out her hand and easily caught the camel whip tossed to her. Fingers tight in his hair, she snapped the woven hide quirt around his legs so that the little metal weights on its end painted bloody patterns in his flesh. The blows stung like fire. The child sank his teeth into his lip, and stared unblinking into the Trader’s careful, watching eyes; daring her to strip the unfed flesh from his bones if he liked. She would see he was no weakling. He was worthy of her coin.
. Dee-Ann shuddered at this and Castiel noticed he’d gone very still. He was looking at Castiel almost defiantly, but there was a shimmer in his eyes Castiel didn’t immediately understand. Then it hit him. He was
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Light blind you.” He said and they both chuckled.
The sun was gone now. The Godmoon and his wife strode in the sky together. Obid and the other slave’s harsh breathing was loud in the hush that had fallen over the city, as Dee-Ann walked in silence between Maeghara and Derubeis. Flowering trees lined both edges of the smooth pavestones beneath their feet. Floating on the stirring night air, faint streams of music, voices and still the singing of silver godbells teased their ears. A teasing aroma of spicy meat made Dee-Ann hungry.
"At last. Finally we can see some return for all the coin you have cost us." groaned Derubeis. Dee-Ann ignored her. This was the moment. Maeghara would claim him. And he would belong to her forever.
“What the--” he began outraged but was silent when she reached into her robes with a wicked expression.
Castiel returned his attention to Dee-Ann’s chest, trailing the tip of his tongue over scars he had until then only seen during their
“Yes, yes I know. But I have been watching you. What noblewoman’s son knows so much of slaughtering animals, and cooking and cleaning?” the girl asked.
"I never met a woman can't be killed. As for the rest...." there was a clinking of armor that may have been a shrug. "....who knows? I'm a soldier. I believe what I can see. I leave stories and fairytales for the Bards."
a servant.
With so many strange costumes from so man different Houses and regions, Gabriel had devised the brilliant plan of arranging wooden mannequins in Castiel’s closet. This way the Mima and Castiel’s Body Slaves could discern the correct way of arranging all the garments without Castiel having to endure any more time in the process of dressing than necessary.
*     *     *
(See the end of the chapter for
He’d felt it.
Even so, she would send for him soon.  She had to.  He was precious.  Surely she must miss him the way he missed her.  So he waited. While he waited he practiced his picture letters and words symbols.  He practiced writing them with a stylus on the wax tablets  the stupid tutor brought with him everyday.  He practiced reading the tablets the tutor left for him at the end of each day. While he was in the garden pulling weeds, raking leaves and spreading balls of chicken shit on the vegetables, he practiced his letters in his head. He would hear the tambourine of the tutor in his mind  and  lightly dance the steps he'd been taught.  He could feel the eyes of the female slaves tracing his every move as he walked and moved and danced. He was beginning to learn that beauty meant eyes on him. Beauty meant lustful women and hungry eyes.  He ignored them. He couldn't care less if slave women wanted to look at him.  His beauty was for Maeghara alone.
“Oh put it to bed Mega!” said Derubeis crossly. “If this is what we’ve got to look forward to on the long road back to Et-Banotaj I doubt you and I will be speaking by the end.”
“I am yours. And you are mine.” He repeated with a smirk.
Hey guys. Just a little check in with our bad guys. Plooooooooooooooooooooooooooot dump! Just to confirm, after the first break they are speaking Sha-Tani the entire time.
“I assure you. His dedication is quite absolute. You’ve heard him. He lives and breathes the God.” Castiel said looking down at his hands.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! - TRIGGER WARNINGS AND DISCLAIMERS - !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
“Not hard enough!!!” Another boom of fist on wood. “The he-brat goes! Only the God knows when Traders will come this way again.”
“Only Godforsaken fools.” Muttered Derubeis from across the fire. Maeghara shot her a dark look.
They were betrothal portraits. Every one. And looking at them, in their finery and ornaments; with their flowing hair and frozen faces.....he realized they were just like him. All of them.
“Maeghara.” He sighed, and felt his lips curl as he fell headfirst into the warm dark. “Maeghara.”
Hi guys. Just a short little update to wet your appetite. I'm going to be skipping blocks of time within the chapters to come just because there are going to be a lot of days that are very samy for Cas and Dean. But not worry. There will still be some......developments......along the way. Hope you guys enjoy!
we reach Et-Haravelle. After that….I…”
Hello my lovelies. As always I cannot thank you guys enough for reading this and going on this journey with me. I appreciate it more than I can say. I honestly, never imagined when I started this at the beginning of the year that it would turn out SO well! We are almost at 4000 hits!!!!!! Like I've said before, I treasure every single kudo, subscribe and comment that you guys bless me with!!!!!!!!
Hello my lovelies! I know we were supposed to switch back to Castiel's perspective this chapter. But I had a little more to get out after where we ended last time round. Hope you guys enjoy!
El-Don chuckled to himself then shook his head. “You young people. All the same.” He said softly. “It is the mark of youth you know. That
“Of course.” Kufu said as if speaking to a particularly idiotic child. “A great many people. I am after all, a Godspeaker?” he continued.
He breathed through his nose feeling annoyed. “I don’t have time for you to ask stupid questions. I will go to make sure none of the cattle have run off.” He said roundly, turning and jogging to the back of the caravan.
“Oh pfft.” Ha answered her, accepting the arm she offered and looping his arm through. “Light blind you. Do you have any idea how long it took to get me like this?”
“What?” he asked.
Dee-Ann did not know what a Warlord was. But he had no time to think on it as Obid brought forth a male slave and led him to where Maeghara was standing. She drew the great curved dagger at her waist, and without warning, plunged it into the belly of the slave. Dee-Ann gasped. With a squelch, Maeghara twisted the blade and dragged it up through the slave’s ribs and out through its neck with a horrible crack stepping back sharply so no blood stained her robe. Obid held the slave’s shoulders while it gurgled and died, guiding its carcass forward so the blood and organs spilled freely over the chunk of stone with a wet slap.
would the God send him Castiel? Why now? What was the reason for giving them only this handful of moments together if the God meant to forsake him here in the dark? Now when he had never needed the God more.
“Light see you m’Lord.” The Mima grated out.
Castiel hesitated for a moment before continuing. “Well……..” he began. “Right before Tessa came charging in. I had him pinned down in the Keep. Noooo!” he broke off to hold up an accusing finger at Gabriel – who was leering again as Castiel spoke. “….well. All I could think of was that I didn’t want the guards to catch him. In fact I was going to help him escape when…..” he trailed off and threw up his hands.
“I want you to cum in my mouth. I want to taste you.” Dee-Ann said nuzzling the base of Castiel’s cock and teasing his fingertips over his stones. He felt Castiel' entire body grow rigid for a second, as if he was fighting hard to remain in control of himself. Dee-Ann smiles at that, relishing the prospect of taking away that control.
4.	There is a scene in this Chapter of F/M sex that would be classified as non-con in a world where consent existed for the characters involved. I’m sorry, but it really is quite necessary in order to establish the dynamics of sexuality in this world. More notes on that particular subject at the end of the Chapter.
Maeghara simply nodded and carried on walking.
Dee-Ann had sulked in the beginning. He was used to seeing Maeghara everyday. He'd seen her and talked with her every day from newsun to lowsun since the Village. Even when they'd traveled in silence; when she'd pinched his shoulder or tugged his godbraid to still his tongue; she'd been there with him. A constant, reassuring presence at his back in this strange new and ever expanding world.
“Tran.” Castiel said.
A broad umbrella term in common Novaki for all “supernatural” powers attributed to acolytes and fully fledged Godspeakers.
Only forever.
“It should’ve been eleven!”
Dee-Ann smiled and followed him.
“I’ve been designing menus for months. To make sure that not one – NOT ONE - of the
“Idiot fool! Can’t even kill a chicken!” the big woman shouted. “What use are you when I’m shorthanded already?!”
More than twenty years his senior, Peliel had retired from public life before he’d even come of age and instead chosen the life of a Monk. It has always seemed a strange choice to him, but if there was a question as to his paternity, perhaps it wise. Castiel had never even met him. He was just a portrait in the gallery.
Castiel felt his breath shudder around a sob, though he collected himself quickly. “So you didn’t….You didn’t want….”
“What happened?!” Dee-Ann asks all but ripping his fingers from Castiel’s body. “Did I –?”
idea what it is like to be surrounded by people who do not see you. Who don’t even talk to you. Who look
“I can hardly imagine as Captain of the Guard, our dear Sister cares overmuch who rummages through the coffers, or in what order.” He said. Though it was pointless. Gabriel had always been excitable about these things.
“I have no idea. Perhaps someone from the Sisterhood? A member of the Southern Delegation?” Castiel suggested.
Maeghara dropped coin into it as they passed, and pressed her knuckles to her breast in respect. So did Derubeis. Another slave gave its lifeblood to the sacrificial stone.
He had to assume if there was to be a meeting – and aaaaiiiieeeee he felt in his
Castiel sighed. It would have been so easy to affirm this. But he knew it would be unfair. He was hurt, and angry, but not hate. No never that. Relenting, Castiel walked around the fire and settled himself there next to Dee-Ann.
“Please Dee-Ann.” She begged, clutching her slapped face and reaching for him again.
The Godstone saw no other hearts after Bennihime’s. The Godspeaker clicked fingers at the chosen slave Bennihime. He followed her out of the pen, and looked at the ground.
“You’re not the only one in this family who reads.” Gabriel said.
No. But she was hurting him. So again he nodded.
Castiel’s entire arm lit up with goose flesh. He jolted, then gasped in a breath, the intensity of it flooring him. Everything was sharp and sudden and too much all at once. Time stretched thin between them and for a moment that lasted an eternity his eyes locked with Dee-Ann’s.
Dee-Ann shrugged. “I’m beautiful.”
“You’re not even the slightest bit curious?” Castiel asked.
"Lies." Castiel rolled his eyes. "Gabriel. I'm leaving."
…Safe.
He pulled off the yellow shift he was wearing   and quickly dressed.  It did not matter that she or any other slave could see his skin. Naga was a gelding.  With the exception of Obid all the slaves in the Villa were geldings.  It was too dangerous to own a slave that could become pregnant.  Slaves fucked like mad things. And a pregnant slave was a dangerous thing.  They could rise up and  tempt the god to smiting by killing their mistresses. On the same day a slave received their red slave braids they were also gelded by the godspeaker.
“Light see you My Lord.” She said.
“Singing songs about those same wars is what put bread on my table all these years I’ve had to feed my daughters by my onesie. But not one of them songs mentions the rats. Or the stink. And the flies and suck-you-drys what are drawn to it.” she said gravely.
Bored, Dee-Ann wandered a small way from Ashar and the men; wading his way through the jostling crowd. His interest was caught by a booth full of amulets. He wandered closer. The amulet seller was busy with a customer. Dee-Ann stood to one side and looked at the merchandise.
The opportunity came a scant few weeks ago. Castiel had ordered a special meal to be prepared for him and sent up to his rooms before dismissing his retinue for the night. Tran had appeared with the salvers and arranged them on the low table in front of the fire with some disdain. It was quite evident that this meal was meant for two. And if he was trying to his displeasure at the prospect of Castiel taking a lover; he was failing.
“Our villa’s Chief Slave. You will mind him Dee-Ann. For his word is my word.” She said looking down at him. “If you disobey him, Rubi will have her wish and see you beaten.”
“Right you are.” Said the woman Bara-Bhur. “Will you warm yourself by the fire?” she asked.
“Et-Banotaj sits on the far side of Novak. Et-Novakar city – where the Queen lives – sits right at the North Edge of the Queendom. Et-Banotaj, where we live is close to the Western Novaki Border, half a godmoons ride from the Sand River.” She explained but Dee-Ann understood none of it. He was beginning to understand that this world was a much larger place than his head had space to imagine. And that there were more words in Novaki than stars in the night sky.
After counting to ten, peering around to see the Godspeaker had gone.
On the dawn of the fourth day, Castiel had decided he’d had
“You are not so infallible!” Kufu said. “It is easy to fire arrows from the dark. You sit in judgment of me and my every decision; every mistake…..yet you make none of your own. I am the only one here, risking everything for our cause. I who have sacrificed more than any other….the things I have
"You are to care if their disliking leads to unrest!" said Derubeis crossly. "Twelve other slaves we have here. All unhappy because of a thirteenth whi daily costs us hard earned coin! Is this good practice? You know it is not!"
throats Mega!” Derubeis wheeled. “Not
Hello my lovelies!
Instead he focused on what he could see here and no in front of him. The Queen’s Road guided Dee-Ann, but being cautious of capture; he did not walk it. Instead he darted along the smaller side streets, twisting and turning like a clever lizard through the city’s alleyways. With every swift, soft footfall, he left the Trader’s District behind him. Left Maeghara and Derubeis, and the stupid monkey Hooli.
Why did the God not save his beautiful and precious slave?............................................
“An animal when trapped will chew through its own leg to escape and save itself.” She said her voice hissing like snake scales. “But a human would lay in wait and kill the trapper to save his kind. Which one are you?”
“Excuse me?” Gord-Ahn said craning his head back far enough that he was looking at Castiel upside down, the beads at the end of his godbraids clicking as they cascaded to the floor.
“All slaves know this place.” Tran said almost wistfully, and not for the first time, Castiel wondered about those unsaid things behind Tran’s eyes.
He shrugged. “Dee-Ann not weep.”
It was as if the floodgates had been opened, as Dee-Ann leaned in to kiss him again, before gently pulling his head back so he could drag his mouth over the skin of Castiel’s throat and actually nibbled gently on the flesh there.
Dee-Ann stopped pretending to sleep. He threw himself to the edge of Maeghara’s blanket, pressing his head to the ground. “Maeghara
As the pain smoothed out to a dull, full ache, Castiel' tense body loosed and he started rolling tentatively into his lover's motions. He still couldn’t claim it felt
Castiel sighed. Right again.
“Yes.” The man whispered. He sounded tired and beaten, and there was blood on the dirt between his legs.
“Anything
Obediently, the thief emerged from the hearth, keeping his arms raised, he shook his head and the hood fell back. For a moment, Castiel was taken aback. He didn’t know what he had been expecting a thief to look like. But this was not it.
happens?!” he whined practically stomping his feet.
“She owed her life. And when the time came….the Harrowspex collected.” Tran said. There was no sympathy in his voice. And it was clear he was quite angry at Castiel.
Still tucked safely behind the Statue he’d been hiding behind, he waited for the next patrol to pass him, before he drew the cloak over his shoulders and pulled the hood low over his face. When he emerged he was like moving night, the dark folds of the cloak hiding his body, and his soft footfalls all but inaudible on the stone pavement. Scampering along the perimeter walls as fast as he could – managing to keep Kufu in his sight – it became a kind of game darting from one pool of shadow to the next. It was no great surprise when Kufu veered away from the North Wing.
Was that why? Was that what was bothering him? Was that where this
Dee-Ann ignored Derubeis stupid goat bleating as if she had not spoken, as had become his habit. Instead, he struggled to untangle Maeghara’s meaning. “Novak….end?” he asked.
Castiel’s mind was racing as he looked up at Gord-Ahn, wanting to shake his head; wanting to deny it. But he knew he was being foolish. It was clear from the man’s smug, satisfied expression that he was absolutely certain in his words. He knew he had scant moments to react, so he decided to take a different tack. Instead of allowing him the satisfaction of seeing that he had managed to rattle Castiel, he decided to adopt a different tack.
Dee-Ann’s fingers suddenly slide out of him and Castiel whimpers at the emptiness, biting his lip at the prospect of what was about to happen. Dee-Ann hovers over him, lifting his hips closer and supporting his weight on his arms. Not content merely to be mounted like a brood bull, Castiel dips his hands into the pot as well; looking at Dee-Ann as he reaches for his cock. Castiel’s eyes widen to discover that the minutes Dee-Ann had spent preparing Castiel had done nothing to cool his ardor. Quite the opposite it would seem. Dee-Ann’s cock was stone hard and leaking profusely as Castiel slicked his hands along the length and over the head with an obscene squelch.
“This is Dee-Ann.” Said Maeghara. “You and I will talk of him in due course. For now he goes below. But not with the others.”
“Maeghara. What is a Warlord?” he asked.
your tutor no less…” Gabriel said speaking louder as Castiel walked into his dressing rooms. “…or wearing the eyes of children as beads.” He continued when Castiel walked back into the room. He pulled his face into a grimace of disgust.
There was food in the white camels basket. Better than the slaves were eating. Better than any food he’d smelled in his life. Derubeis made a fire with bricks of dried camel dung, and warmed the food in an iron pot held over the flames, and she added leaves he didn’t recognize. She kept them in little shiniy boxes, and talked to herself as she pinched some from this one, and some from that. Rubi was strange. As the food slowly heated, releasing such smells, his belly turned over and over. And he almost choked on the juices flowing from his mouth.
He would be…
No. Trying to imagine her as a young girl, whose body did not feel like her own; was like trying to imagine that a mountain had once been a pebble.
As usual, Dee-Ann ignored her. “Like Caravan Maeghara....Obid rule slaves….Maeghara rule Obid.”
saving the life of the Novakari Queen.”
instead of Dee-Ann.
“The look you get when you’re plotting something. The one that says: “Tran. I’m about to do something
long I just….”
“No….” Castiel said too fast, his voice barely a whisper as he shook his head fiercely. “It’s nothing.”
“No wonder he’s so flinty if he’d never had a bath.” Said the other one. “Be gentle Bisla. If you frighten him he might complain to Maeghara or Tulu Godspeaker.”
She would beat him to the ground! She would put her hand of power on his cheek and her smiting would burn him to Cinders and Ash! Forever and ever she held him in her eye. Forever and ever she looked at him.
"Children's superstitions." Kufu said. "House Sha-Tan is perhaps less civilized, but they are fierce and powerful. A most worthy match for the blood of Novakar."
In his dreams, the Woman's dogs chased him, howling and growling behind Maeghara's camel. Maeghara was not riding her camel. She was not warm and solid and reassuring behind Dee-Ann. She was riding Derubeis camel. There was Maeghara and there was Derubeis and there was the stupid monkey Hooli. They were all riding the white camel, happy and together and laughing and pointing at Dee-Ann. And the Woman's dogs were coming.
“Why?” Dee-Ann asked.
All he understood was that the Trader did not mean to reject him. “Yes.”
son out of the ten children Castiel’s father had given her before his death. The Queen had three healthy daughters to brighten her name. Not to mention – insomuch as such gossip was to be believed – several offers of marriage from neighboring Queendoms. No one cared about
“Am I?” Castiel said as Tran began scrubbing the gold off his hands.
“I don’t know. But I don’t like it. The timing is suspicious. She’s been here for days but she’s waited until the Queen and her Honor Guard are no longer in the Palace before making her presence known.” Tran said busying himself brushing out Castiel’s long hair.
From her position at the center of the throne dais, she seemed not simply be sitting in the throne as much as
“I am afraid I cannot tarry. I dine with my warhost. We have our traditions in these last few nights before we return home. It is going to be a lively night. You should join us.” The Princess invited.
“Dee-Ann.” He said. “My name….is Dee-Ann.”
"You will sell me...?" he whispered.
“What are his chances?” Dee-Ann whispered looking back at Castiel’s face.
He frowned. “No Warlord rules Dee-Ann’s village Maeghara? Only Godspeaker.”
“If this is about last night I don’t care. I’m not angry. And well find a way trough this. Just……come inside with me. It’ll be alright.” Castiel said taking a step closer, but stopping when Tran pointed the knife at him; his head whipping to look at him for the first time.
The thought came unbidden. Cutting and sharp, but it was true no matter what else.
” Castiel practically shrieked. Gabriel just resumed his chuckling.
Dee-Ann noticed Castiel looking, and quickly pulled at the hem of the tunic covering himself. Castiel dragged his mind away from the avenue his thoughts had been headed down a moment before and back to the task at hand.
"It was Hanochek." Castiel spat. "She snuck up behind me and threw me against the wall. I woke up when she was tying you to the chair."
“His secret…is he pissed in it.” He said soliciting another chuckle.
…” El-Don said cocking his head to the window again. “You listen so hard to each other’s words that have blinded yourselves to each other’s
They washed in silence and eventually returned to the camp in similar fashion. It was only once they were dressed, tent packed away and strapping their satchels onto their backs that Castiel turned to him and spoke.
“There is a war band up ahead. They are making sure we have permission to be traveling here.” The girl Chaala said.
“Then you may
…rich and deep and oh-so inviting. He nuzzled at the softness of Dee-Ann’s inner thighs, smiling as Dee-Ann spread his legs to allow him better access. The knowledge that his face was so close to Dee-Ann’s cock was heady, and Castiel finally allowed himself to have a
Wink wink! Kinda seem like all this angst and agonizing might be leading it up to an apex point?
“Only natural.” Tran said with a knowing smile. “The Light sees you Castiel. It sees you in its growing eye. You’re becoming a man.” He continued. To Castiel’s surprise, he didn’t remove his hand. Rather he expertly played his fingertips around the head of Castiel’s cock making him shiver. More blood rushed to his cock, suddenly very interested in the attention it was getting.
“And you.” Castiel said softly.
They must’ve seen the lights and come running.
“Please…” Castiel breathed kissing Dee-Ann’s neck.
*    *     *
Around them, the narrow hallway exploded into activity as all guards in the vicinity came running.
.” She fretted, dabbing sweat from her forehead. “I wish I had the ears to hear them….Mega! We should spend coins to make sacrifice in Et-Haravelle’s Godhouse. If the Warlords squabble it is because demons prick them! We must make an offering against their wicked wiles!”
“She drew a knife on me! A
covering his.
…..” Dee-Ann whispered looking with unabashed awe at the lights bouncing and bursting to life. “…..how is such a thing
Obid bowed. “Mistress.” Dee-Ann watched as Obid walked back to the slave-line, where her fellow guards pretended not to watch, before following Maeghara back into the tent.
“That is Maeghara!” he said and stopped. “I will see her!”
The short Trader –
*     *     *
"It  means to increase. To make larger. It is an old-fashioned word. Keep reading." she said.
“Light see you My Lord.” The first one intoned as soon as he saw him, and the others quickly followed suit. All of them immediately halted what they were doing and bowed to him.
He vaguely felt hands on him. “Stay with me.” Dee-Ann said urgently. “Castiel….” He breathed, and Castiel felt those strong hands cup his cheek. “You cannot die now…..we’ve won. We’ve
When Maeghara shook him awake, the sun had made way for dusk. And the first stars were already visible. The godmoon and his wife were risen, small silver discs against the deepening dark. The white camels lifted their heads. The white camels raised their heads snuffling, then slowed and knelt on the ground.
For a moment, his eyes were the smoke of a fire burning in the hearth.
“Dozens!” Gabriel chattered as he pulled out an entire drawer filled with nothing but strips of hair in every color.
Castiel schooled his face and did as he was told. He knew better than to ask questions as he was led through the hallways, down staircases and through a winding back alley of passages that would allow him to travel around the Palace without being seen by any of the Courtiers or Nobles.
areas! The
“Gabriel, Desdemonius, Alcan-tur Novakar……I forbid you from using my brush with death as fodder for one of your base little productions.” Castiel was quick to say.
“We should wash.” Castiel said almost off-handedly.
Also these are some reference images in case anyone needed a little help picturing a moor:
“You’re incredible.” Castiel said sounding weak and sleepy.
“No.” he admitted finally. He had the feeling something larger was happening here. But he did not understand what it was. So instead he spoke what was in his heart. “I did not want to fuck you either.” He added.
Dee-Ann had taken to imitating them, in the shadows of night when no one could see him. He used a stick instead of a blade. But he found that the motions of knife dancing were not so different from the dances he had learned from the Stupid Tutor. He was gratified that after the first few days, his limbs remembered their grace and suppleness. After a few days of carefully watching them as they drummed the earth with their feet and cut the air – Dee-Ann knew mot of the hotas by heart. There were only few of them he could not perform. Most notably, a complex maneuver called the Wayward Son.
“Nothing about
“Not a good idea. Believe me, where we’re going; you don’t want to be flashing your wealth.” Tran said pulling the window shutters tight.
“We will reach it a finger or two past highsun tomorrow.” She explained.
“My Lord.” The slave said inclining his head.
” Tran cut in. “From the first day I saw you. Your smile. Your laugh. So much so I would’ve killed you for not wanting me!” he practically shouted. He gave two shuddering sobs before steeling himself with a breath.
“Tran I….” Castiel said shakily.
The first two days in the city had passed with growing frustration. He had barely had any time to see anything of the city before they were locked inside the Palace. Of which he had seen even less. They had been escorted to a small open space that was choked with other Caravans and slaves and sounds and smells too different and too many for Dee-Ann to even identify. At every turn, Palace guards stalked and examined their every motion. The girl Chaala had taken to hovering over him and tying their tent tightly in the night so he had not even been able to sneak off and do his duty to the God as he had promised.
“They are sent to the villa. Now come.” Ashar said.
He clenched his teeth around a snarl, biting back the gun metal taste of fresh blood. His muscles screamed in tortured agony as he drove his legs for more speed with renewed vigor. He could hear activity behind him, but he ignore it. He had to get
“It’s vile. Just keeping them watered and fed is making my hair go prematurely gray I tell you. And don’t get me started on security. I’ve had to liaise with the Nerissa’s honor guard. And let me tell you, if you thought her head was swollen with power after that campaign she led in the Peregrine Reach; you were dead wrong. I…..” Gabriel continued, but Castiel wasn’t listening anymore.
Or any woman.
For some unknown and utterly inexplicable reason, Castiel felt himself gripped with panic. It was ridiculous of course. They were his guards. If they breached the door, they would only protect him. And yet for some reason the thought that they would find Dee-Ann – and surely kill him – filled him with a sense of profound dread.
“As if he would ever have divulged such intimacies to me.” Gabriel said with a dry chuckle. “No. A slave died while washing the choker. Apparently the fool had mixed lemon juice with the soap. The poison bled over his hand and….” Gabriel paused to make a sweeping motion over his neck with his thumbnail. “I was presented with the necklace, now missing the stone. It was only when I consulted a jeweler to have it mended that she revealed these weren’t stones at all. I did a little digging and came upon a set of letters from our Grandfather’s Mima. They explained everything. Our Grandfather fashioned himself as quite the Poison Master himself. You know he never approved of Father marrying our Mother. Evidently his disapproval of the match went a bit deeper than anyone thought.”
“You’re awake.” Castiel said softly. Dee-Ann rolled his eyes. Stupid man. Of course he was awake. His eyes were open. But instead of saying anything, Dee-Ann contented himself with a slow yawn and a waggle of his eyebrows.
*     *     *
” he screamed.
. But the pain was ebbing away and that was enough.
“The next morning when you bathed. I saw the amulet. And when you told me your version of what had happened…it wasn’t difficult to fill in the rest.” Tran drained his tankard. “You got your new life. All it cost was Lu-Cas his. His sister is dead. His father will no doubt soon follow.”
He was about to turn to Dee-Ann when he detected movement right in front of him. Swinging the torch in a wide arch, he felt something iron hard take hold of his wrist and wrench the torch free, before an impact like the hammer blow of a God sent him careening across the room. He fell in a heap on something sharp, feeling things crunch beneath his weight as he raced to get back to his feet. Feeding more light into his tattoos, he realized Gord-Ahn had thrown him back into the passage where the bodies were staked. Looking back in the direction he’d been, he saw a horrible sight.
“Castiel don–” Dee-Ann began, but a vicious wrench to his hair silenced him.
. And take your God with you.”
At this Derubeis’ eyes fell on Dee-Ann, and he knew she was thinking of when he had caught the stone, and made the light appear.
"Where's my brother?" He asked.
Maeghara sighed, bending to place her hands on his shoulders. "Dee-Ann. Listen to me. It is true, I have treated you differently. I have dressed you in fine clothes and paid a tutor to teach you. But that does not mean you are not a slave. I have done these things to increase your value."
“Come child!” Bisla said again sounding impatient. “You are dirty and wretched and the Godspeaker will punish us if you are not presentable for Maeghara!”
Dee-Ann frowned. He did not want to. She had insulted him powerfully. He had hit her. And she was a woman. He was not sure she was not just luring him inside so she could exact her revenge without anyone close to see. But the only alternative was to make good on his promise and sleep somewhere else. His only option would be the cook’s cart, which was already full of the slave brat. That left sleeping with the goats and sheep in the dirt.
“I’m auditioning a new Mima.” Castiel said shaking his hair off his shoulders.
Mute and  trembling, he shook his head.  He could not read the tablet. He had failed her. Stinging tears threatened to fall from his eyes.
“I am Dee-Ann. I am no woman’s slave.”
“There is soap and a sponge. I will fetch you a clean robe.” He said.
“Again?” Gabriel frowned. “That makes what….three now?”
“Keep them out!” Castiel all but sobbed as he ran into his chambers. Behind him, he could hear Tran barking orders the guards posted at his door arguing with the small army of people trying to gain access.
Dee-Ann crawls up his body, letting Castiel’s limp arms pull him in for a kiss. Their tongues danced lazily for a few moments before Castiel pulled back. “Now you. What do want? I’ll do anything…” Castiel said still sounding tired. But the hard layer of lust and sweet night time promise beneath the words sent a shiver down Dee-Ann’s spine. He hadn’t even considered his own pleasure. He’d been too caught up in Castiel.
After a sumptuous meal, a pleasantly drunk Gabriel eventually quit his rooms; leaving Castiel to bob uselessly around his now empty rooms for a few minutes while he waited for everything to settle down. He was dressed in a heavy linen gown that fastened around his neck before cascading loosely around his body. It was very comfortable, but it was a little too thin against the cold. Wrapping himself in his shawl he swapped his slippers for riding boots and tied a sash around each of his wrists to stop his bracelets jangling.
“I want to see you.” He said in a tone that was half question and half command.
That should be enough. All the confirmation and comfort he could possibly need. That the God did not smite him should tell him all he needed to know
Oh God how much?!” he all but shouted.
If he stayed in this place, Maeghara would sell him. In this place he was nothing more than a goat fattening in the slaughterhouse pen waiting for the knife. Waiting for some rich woman's coin to buy him. If he stayed here he would truly be a slave.
“I didn’t
“I was no
Castiel bobbed on the spot for a second, feeling tears streaming freely down his face. His eyes were focused on Dee-Ann’s face.
“Gabriel….” Castiel said rushing out of his seat, only making it halfway to the door before Gabriel came bursting in.
There!
It would’ve been hypocritical for him to mutter a prayer. Even. He’d given up the hope that the God was listening ages ago.
“Your mistress is a mad one to keep
Dee-Ann  took the clay tablet between both of his hands.  The tablet was heavy. If he dropped it and it broke, Maeghara would be angry with him. So he held it tightly as he turned it to have a better look. So he held it tightly as he turned it to have a better look.
Unless......should he write something on one of his practice tablets to make some trouble?
“Dearest.” Gabriel said reaching for his hand. “Tran’s been dead for months now Castiel. It’s enough. You should forgive yourself.”
like you’re at death’s door?”
The caravans of tribute sent to the Ruling City  in honor of the Festival were most assuredly relevant to the unfolding of events. But I am telling this tale out of order. Dee-Ann would've hated that.
“Maybe in the next one.” Tran whispered before driving the blade to the hilt into his own throat an throwing himself over the edge of the balcony.
; this was a flavor he could learn to crave.
. She brought me from that place, and installed me here. Her leathery old cunt of a mother  never approved of course, but what could she do? After that it was a simple matter of biding my time until I could free myself of
“Are they?” he asked keeping his voice neutral. Who was this woman? How did she know of his dreams?
The Trader laughed again. “As good a name as any. And better than most.”
“I’ll go.” Dee-Ann said softly, though he spoke as if the words tasted of vinegar. “If that’s truly what you want I will go.”
“But….she told me……it was a Raven. And my seed. She never….” Castiel sputtered pulling back the hood. He was too hot and he was freezing at the same time.
“Very well. But I want you to know you really can trust me. And I would very much like to know more about you.” She said smiling. “I’m not going to fuck you….but….I think I would like it if we were friends.”
"You sleep beneath the stairs Dee-Ann. That is your place. With the other slaves."
land spread before them. Thick grass wherever he looked. And more flowering bushes than ever grew in the village. Springs of water bursting from underground. Aaaiiiiieeeeee!!!!! He wished they could stop. He wanted to touch the bubbling water, and run with bare feet in all the growing grass. But lowsun was casting its long thin shadows. They would have to camp soon.
to think about.
Hello my lovelies! Just a small second update pending a much larger chapter to follow. This is my attempt to capture that insanely intense, chaotic and heartbreakingly wonderful and terrible mix of emotions you feel when you first fall in love. I realize I write them as quite mature, but Castiel and Dee-Ann are only 17 so they are I'm afraid awash in the storm of adolescent emotion. Anyhoo. Hope you enjoy.
“You and I both know I had nothing to with any of this.” Castiel said morosely gesturing to himself.
“I have oak in my cock. And I am unsullied. I will serve you in any way that you wish. Just take me with you through the city gates. Take me to Et-Novakar and I’ll lick your cunt every night and let you fuck me as much as you like.” he said making sure to keep his voice steady as he transferred his weight from one foot to the other. It was a motion the stupid tutor had taught him to begin a dance. It sent a slow ripple through his body. And filthy though he was, the shape of his limbs was still noticeable. The woman noticed it. He could tell by the way he eyes dragged over him. She looked at his face and he tilted his head forward, allowing his matted hair to obscure his face even more.
“I’ll wear the blue.” Castiel said to the slave setting out clothing for him to wear in his dressing rooms.
A stupid question. He-brats were owed no names. No more than the stones on the ground. Or the dead goats in the slaughter hut waiting to be skinned. He opened his mouth to say so. Then closed it again. The Trader was almost smiling. There was a look in her eyes he’d never seen before. A question. Or a challenge. It meant something. He was sure it meant
The introduction of a certain green eyed character we all know and lust. Not yet though. Ew. He's like......twelve. Ha ha!
“These are strange times.” The Godspeaker said frowning. “Green fields turn brown. And where water once flowed freely, in places now it trickles. Where there was water, now it is dirt. We are many Godmoons past the beginning of the season of the thunder waters. Yet you see, the sky is blue above us; and Todorok has not seen rain in many Godmoons. Crops wither in the sun. And slaves have died by the fist.”
“You husband. Chaala’s father.” He said. He did not ask. The question was plain. The woman Bara-Bhur drank from her tankard deeply, wiping her mouth on her sleeve before looking deep into the flames. Painful past was written in her eyes as she said simply.
The gown was a rich shade of orange, falling to the floor in cascading layers which descended in darkness from bright saffron at his waist – cinched impossibly small by the new stomacher the arrowsmith had presented him with – to deep amber where it pooled on the floor. To Castiel it came as no surprise that a woman responsible for making weapons of war, death and despair was also behind his undergarments. Just once, he thought how amusing it would be to see some battle hardened warrior woman have to get through the day wearing even half of what a man suffered to be beautiful in their eyes.
"Even at the cost of my life? I am your son." Castiel cried.
*     *     *
……..………………………….The God did not smite sideways? Maeghara had said so!
Hey guys. Hope you guys enjoyed. I just wanted to spend a little bit of time with Castiel's internal emotions. He's quite stern, but a lot has happened to him and I didn't want it to come across like he wasn't profoundly affected. Also the: "I hate myself and everything about being gay - except when I'm having happy alone time."
“A feast?” Castiel asked. “For whom? Does anyone know?”
Castiel thought to himself again.
This feeling! He knew he had never felt it before! But he knew.
"Any further disruption from you and I will see you on the Scorpion Wheel." The Queen said. n
“Of course not.” Dee-Ann said firmly.
They both chuckled. “You are an idiot.” Castiel said hitching his shawl up higher around his shoulders. He was dressed in a simple linen shift. He would have to don proper attire later, but for the morning he was left to his own devices. Gabriel of course was decked in full kit. He wore a gown of screaming orange that put Castiel in mind of pumpkin pies, with sleeves that dragged on the ground behind him and a plentitude of lace ruffles about the high collar that – in Castiel’s mind – rather unflatteringly showed off the width of his neck..
He removed his Scorpion amulet from around his neck, laying it on his palm and holding it up to his face.
His hair had been pulled back from his face severely, his forelocks coiled and braided before being secured with elaborately carved Tortoise shell and Ivory combs. The rest of his hair was scented with incense, brushed until it shined and left to hang in a poker straight curtain of silk down his back. He tried to ignore his earlobes, which were already beginning to ache from the heavy gold discs hanging off them. More jewelry had followed. His nameday bracelets – six to each arm – had been smithied directly onto his arm, so he could never remove them. But two large golden cuffs had been added at each of his wrists. Around his neck, his customary blue jewel hung atop a dramatic golden collar. It lay over his clavicles – which seemed to point out almost luridly – the pallor of his naked shoulders. His fingers were thick with rings, and he decided it was just as well he couldn’t eat anything. He’d never be able to manage cutlery.
! You could’ve been
“We should be getting back. People might start to wonder.” Tran said, still holding his hand as he led them out of the Tavern.
His appreciation of Tran’s appearance however had settled over him like a lead shawl. He didn’t know the exact date or even the exact moment. But at some point along the journey Castiel had become aware that those dusky thoughts and sweet nighttime pleasures which had bubbled up within him…..were not fueled by women.
MWAH!!!
Naked as a plucked chicken, he walked to the bedroll Chaala had made ready for herself and laid down on it. The cool night air pebbled his skin like the skin of a goose, but he ignored it. He turned so he was facing the mouth of the tent, propping his right arm on the pillows and leaning his head in his hand the way he had seen Maeghara and Derubeis do when they were lounging in the parlor of the villa. He crooked his left leg and wedged his foot in the bend of his right knee to keep himself upright. His free left hand, he drew along the inside of his thigh, caressing his stones and working his fingers along the length of his soft cock to make the flesh quicken. His breath stuttered and his heart thrummed as he toyed the silken skin around the heart shaped head of his cock, teasing the pad of his thumb into the delicate slit and spreading the small bead of moisture there over his cock with a shiver of pleasure.
"Aaaaiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeee!!!!!" Said Derubeis and fanned her face. "It says it's not stupid, then asks to be one of us?! Mega? MEGA! Did I not warn you? Did I not tell you? Did I not say this--"
…………………………………………….Did anyone?
He found himself on the floor which was completely free of any shards of clay. And looking around the room fiercely, he noticed that his clothes were dry; and finding the places where he’d been cut he discovered that all the wounds on his body had disappeared.
*    *    *
“I’ll be back as soon as I can.” Castiel promised, gathering up his cloak and draping it over his arms like a bundle. “Open the door.”
“Sadsa Dee-Ann. Drink.” She said. He was dumbstruck. No
The mine.
So yeah. Benny was the familiar face I was hinting at earlier. I noticed re-reading this that there's a hint of chemistry between Dean and Benny. This is unintentional for this story. But waaaaaaaaaay back in the deep dark days of a week ago when I first thought of this, the character that is now Benny was going to be Castiel; and this would've been the first time we met him.
Gabriel regales Castiel with tales to help him recover from his Visit with the Truthsayer, while Tran helps Castiel hatch a cunning plan to learn a few more of his conspirators secrets.
“My Lord I…” Tessa began, but Castiel rounded on her fast enough that his hair cascaded all around him; gripping his skirts and hurling them around him in a flare; straightening up to his full height.
"Garden?" Castiel said in obvious disgust. "A garden of rotting corpses? A garden of bones?"
its precious and beautiful slave to kiss and suck and fuck and touch and sleep with Castiel…it would have stopped him! That
“Trader business Gatekeeper. Maeghara and Derubeis of Et-Banotaj, sister city of Et-Haravelle. Their you have our seal stamped by the Novakari Queen herself.” She said. Her hand dipped again into her pocket to pull out another stone cylinder. Though this one was blue. “And here you have proof of our road rights. Fully paid. We come to trade our merchandise and give the God sacred blood in the Godhouse.”
"Maeghara would never fuck with a slave. She has no need to. Any man in this village would give his eye teeth for her to take him to her thighs." the older brother said.
Stupid woman. “When I was in Et-Haravelle I saw Warriors. They wore breastplates that looked like that one.” He said pointing at the retreating back of the woman.
“No. I betrayed you.” Tran said.
With a nod that was equal parts resignation and concern, Tran helped him up into the bed.
“Don’t be stupid. You’re wasting time.
The Trader stopped pacing, her companion unhooked a camel whip from her belt of linked precious stones and snapped the thong. The Woman’s dogs – caged for safety – howled and threw themselves against the woven goat hide straps of their prison. In the pens beside her, the Woman’s goats bleated and moaned; dropping anxious balls of shit as their yellow eyes blinked.
“Oi!” Castiel said with mock indignation. “Those are for me!”
Excerpt from the Dawn of the Sword Age
“How much Mistress?” said Obid. “That village was poor. Supplies are low, and no hunting here.”
“Do you really believe that?” Tran asked.
“The Savage East is different. Long ago it had warlords to rule it. It was part of two provinces known as Et- Lorents and Et-Kansais. But the land is harsh there. And with every season, grain by grain the sands of the Anvil crept closer. Those long ago Warlords abandoned the East for the cursed,
talk of my fourteenth nameday celebration.”
covered place filled end to end and side to side with stalls and booths and trade sellers. They were hawking sweet jellies and spiced nuts, and pastries dripping with
“All of this,” he whispered, teasing Castiel’s nipples into hard buds with his tongue, and being rewarded with a ragged breath. Evidently Castiel enjoyed having his nipples played with. He continued lower, kissing a path down Castiel's deliciously tight stomach, dipping his tongue into his navel and following the trail of hair down to the patch of hair above his cock.
"Swell." Maeghara  said patiently. "That is the symbol for swell.  Do you know the word, do you know the word 'swell'?"
“Can it be possible?” Derubeis asked. “For once the monkey speaks words worth hearing?”
He thought.
The walls were painted a shade of bright red that only Gabriel could stand to have all around him. There was only a small window, but a neat little log burner in the corner provided both warmth and light. It would have served to keep the coats and cloaks from growing damp in the old days. He recognized low divans, couches and threadbare velvet foot stools that had all seen better days. The velvet had worn smooth, or a piece of embroidery had started to fray; and he noticed one of the footstools was missing a leg and rested on a rather thick book. An enormous mirror that had once hung in the lesser solarium, had been fixed to the wall over a wooden desk that was a little too large for the room. Gabriel had probably pilfered it from elsewhere. There were ink pots and rolls of parchment arranged to one side on the desk. Only Gabriel would sit in front of a mirror for hours while he concocted what fresh hell to visit on the poor Isaorah.
“No. But we turn our body water into coin when we encounter other villages that need more. Pish now De-Ann, we must make camp.”
“Me?!” he yelled back stepping forward. “Are you demonstruck?! Wh–”
“I am here God. But I cannot reach you until the snow is melted. I beg you. Send us a way to get through this mountain pass and reach Et-Novakar.”
Safe.
“Look at you….” Castiel said straightening up, drawing a tentative hand through the ropes of spilled cum on Dee-Ann’s chest. Castiel grunted as he got his legs under him and stood up, Dee-Ann’s cock feeling out of him with a small pop.
What would it mean the next time he held a godstone in his hand? Would the truth of what he had done make it shine brighter? Or would it be a secret shadow hanging over him, forever separating him from the God?
The Guards!
Castiel kissed him, and without either of them discussing it, he felt Castiel’s hand find his scar. He did not know how long they stood there kissing. His scorpion amulet dug into his chest all the while, but not once did it move. And for once, Dee-Ann did not care.
Castiel reared back in shock. “Tran! Control yourself! I am your friend, but I am….as you subtly enjoy pointing out to me…..your Master.”
“What are you going to do?” Gabriel asked.
Dee-Ann begins to understand that he is very special indeed, and possibly makes a new friend before the caravan finally begins the final leg of their journey.
The caravan did not leave the next day, or the day after. Only on the third newsun had the temperature risen enough that the frozen snow remembered it had once been water, and allowed them through the narrow mouth cut into the mountain side. Dee-Ann returned to his duties as normal. After his interlude with the Princess he did not go to any pains to seethe Warriors anymore. They had lost something of their shine. He did not see the red haired woman again, and he was not sorry. She made his skin crawl. It was a feeling he did not enjoy. It was too close to fear. Too close to a reminder of the naked nameless he-brat under a table in the faraway village in the Savage East.
“Then it would seem you belong to me too.” She said cocking her head to one side and lifting her eyebrow.
*    *    *
It is important to note that while this definition is most commonly attributed to curses or pronouncements, it can contextually be used – particularly in writing – to encapsulate as well specific aspects and schools of study/training within the greater whole. This includes:
There were lots and lots and lots of scorpions, in every kind of stone and crystal. Some were large as a woman’s spanned hand. Others as small as a baby’s fist.
“What has gotten into you?! That’s one of my favorite combs!” he snapped.
“Light see
“Is he not small for his age Kufu?” the old woman asked, her voice a soft contralto.
The slave Naga took him to a bath chamber, where the water flowed from bronze fish hanging from the wall. Amazing! While the bath filled, the slave Naga undid Dee-Ann’s godbraids. Then he pointed to a cupboard against the wall.
“That vengeful God who dangles everything I ever wanted in front of me……then ruins our bodies and leaves us with only enough wit for regret.” He said grabbing his braids and waggling his blood red slave braid at Castiel. “Beneath this stupid slave braid, inside the stupid body I am still whole!” he said slamming his fist into his chest.
again."
Dee-Ann looked again at the beautiful scorpion. “I like it.” He said with a nod.
*     *     *
“The latest adventure of
Splitting this into two parts for length.
The slave Ashar smiled again. His eyes were watchful. “Good! Eat now. Naga will show the places in this house where you may put your feet. Put your feet only in these places. Not in the places he does not show you. Then you will be properly godbraided. Afterwards I will come for you. The Mistress has tasked me with tasks for you.”
"Go up the stairs without permission into the villa, and you'll be beaten."  she said. From the tone of her voice he could tell she wished there would be a beating.
Remembered his body.
to think about Dee-Ann telling him that he had known about Castiel’s attraction to him
, or imagined why they would want to. He looked. Two green eyes, big and frightened, thick black lashes long enough to brush his skin. High cheekbones, hollow cheeks. A wide mouth with plump pink lips. A softly pointed chin. All these face parts the Man had shown him, touching his own and saying the words over and over until he remembered. He could see the Man’s face in the mirror, and the Woman’s too; muddled together to make Dee-Ann. Framing Dee-Ann’s face were his godbraids. Fascinated, he watched his fingers touch the bright red and green beads the women had woven into his thick yellow hair. They fell around his shoulders and halfway down his back. His godbraids weren’t like Maeghara’s. They were fatter, and looser, and they didn’t hold as many charms. When they reached Et-Banotaj, he would as her to give him godbraids like hers. She would do that for him. He was precious.
“It’s called the
It hurt………………..
*     *     *
She was a stupid,
“City?” he asked.
“Where?” asked Dee-Ann. Maeghara pointed ahead to where the ground met the sky.
For a moment, Castiel just wanted to look at him; before he remembered that this beauty had broken into the Great Keep and was more than likely trying to think of a way to kill him and run away.
Hey there my lovelies! Happy yuletide, chrismukkah and Odin's day to you all! And a very happy and fortuitous new year!
Castiel nodded. He had heard such rumors before, but like so many things in their Bloodline, they were never confirmed. “And how did you replace the stone?” Castiel asked.
“Now. No more fighting……no more lights…..
The weeks stretched into a month on the road. The landscape grew strange. Dee-Ann saw such plants and trees as he had never seen. And the air grew colder than Dee-Ann had ever felt. They had traveled through lands he had never heard of. Et-Taklikar. Et-Mamiklia. Et-Tabr. They were currently in a province called Et-Reichel, which the girl Chaale told him was one of four provinces that directly bordered with Et-Novakar. So far from the Savage East and Et-Banotaj, Dee-Ann again found himself learning new words. Words like Ice. Frost. Snow.
“How did you even come to know all of this?” Castiel asked motioning to the goblet, which he promptly poured out in the bathtub. Gabriel took the goblet from him, wrapping it in a sash and crushing it beneath his heel.
For a moment the world turns white, and stars sparkle behind his closed lids. He feels Castiel’s weight fall forward onto him, and he manages to pucker his lips when Castiel pulls him in for a messy kiss. They lay there for a moment longer, Castiel still speared on Dee-Ann’s softening cock; trying to catch their breath.
“Just…watch.” Gabriel said reaching for a goblet of water and dropping in the stone. “Lemon.” He continued, reaching for one of the lemon wedges the Mima kept on hand to loosen stubborn paint off Castiel’s face. Squeezing the juice into the goblet, Castiel watched as for a long moment nothing happened, while Gabriel continued swirling the goblet. Then before his very eyes, the stone began to give off motes of color as it began to dissolve. Before long, the water had turned the color of new wine.
Abruptly, they came to a small gate at the bottom of some stairs. It was locked. Beyond it flowed a small aqueduct. Castiel had the feeling of being underground. And the air was not fresh.
“If the other Warlords should send warriors against Et-Haravelle, only Godspeakers will be safe on the road. You know this. We have seen trouble like this before.” Maeghara continued.
-their faces. For nothing of their face or hair was visible. Thick veils that were completely opaque hung over their heads and shoulders, all the way to the waist. Nothing of their faces could be seen save for a tiny strip cut into the scarf to allow them to see. They wore similar woven headdresses to the women, only theirs were much finer. Hung with more ropes of coins and metal tassels, they wore heavy necklaces and overtop to ensure the scarves obscuring their faces would not be affected by any wind.
"You've traveled out West. What do you make of this...Morningstar?" Gabriel asked. So he knew. Did everyone know?
“We will talk of this again Mega. Before we reach Et-Banotaj.” She said softly, her voice a mix of fear and something else.
Meh! Meh! Me-e-e-e-eh! More goat words from stupid Derubeis. Dee-Ann did not listen. Maeghara had spent coin to buy him an amulet to keep him in the God’s Eye. He was precious. She cared for him. He cared for her too. He felt a new feeling in his chest for which he had no name, shy and unfurling like a seed in dirt.
Castiel silenced him with a kiss. “I know. But from now until we arrive there…..you’re
“Exactly so.” She answered him. “No civilized woman will argue with a slave, or attempt to enter an unattended door. Such an arrangement prevents unpleasantness.”
Castiel went from dead sleep to full awake in the space between one heartbeat and the next. Awareness flooded in. After the feast he’d foregone closing his bed curtains. It was an unseasonably warm night in the Palace, and the stones of his bed chamber bore that cooled-sweat feeling they acquired before a change in the weather.
“Gabriel….” Castiel began but was silence when the glass in Gabriel’s hand – still half full of wine – smashed against the wall in a shower of glass and wine alike.
As they slowly journeyed, caged in their uncomfortable wagon; Maeghara continued to teach him. She gave him all the words in her possession. She bade him use them, to talk of his life in the Savage East and the caravan they’d traveled with. Each newsun sacrifice. The road. The sky. The clouds. The trees. The flowers. The fruit. The crops. And the herds of beasts in their open pastures.
“Dee…uh….Zandakar?” Castiel asked.
Now what do y'all suppose could've happened that would be causing such a ruckus?! He he!
At this Dee-Ann did turn. Though the expression behind his eyes was like distant thunder. He was smiling, but there was no humor in it.
Another shrug.
“Oh.” Gabriel said coming to stand next to him. “For Mother’s nameday celebrations. They’re performers mostly. Jugglers and firebreathers and musicians and dancers and what have you. They’ve been pouring in for almost a week now from all corners. It’s fallen to me to put them up.”
Just in case there's any confusion:
“You know something.” Castiel said. “Tell me.”
After he’d finished bathing, his hair had been wrapped in a towel so the Mima – a more senior Body Servant trained in the art of body painting – could get started on his face, while Tran and two of the other Body Servants could work on his hands. The Mima who arrived was an austere looking man old enough to be Castiel’s grandfather. He had a plain featured face – to which he’d expertly applied paints in vivid hues - with downturned lips, and a full head of graying god braids that reached almost to his waist. He walked bearing a heavy chest that held the tools of his trade. His robes were Oyster silk, shot through with silver thread and embroidered with Castiel’s Blood Crest at the hem and sleeves. The expense of his uniform was a mark of his status. Like Tran, he was one of the few Body Servants in the Palace whom were permitted physical contact with the Queen and her Blood.
"Light. What are you doing to that poor thing? Isn't it dead enough already?" Castiel asked.
“You’re no fun today. Did something happen?” Gabriel asked, pink and golden features twisting into a look of concern.
“Do you think they hide their faces because they’re
She tugged his godbraids. “And you are learning. You speak beautifully now. I am pleased with you.” She said. He gifted her with his widest smile.
the process…between two men.”
"Then follow me." Tran said pulling Castiel's hood low over his eyes.
He had watched this particular caravan with interest for days. And knew without knowing that this would be his salvation. They were a performing troupe of musicians and dancers and all manner of performers. And their leader moaned daily and nightly about being short handed for all of the tasks that needed doing while they were on the road. Even better, Dee-Ann had heard they were bound for Et-Novakar. Some of the dancers had stolen a bottle of wine and drunk it near Dee-Ann’s tree cave one night, chittering excitedly about performing for the Novakari Queen before getting drunk and fucking in the sand.
“He can stay!” Castiel countered, fighting the urge to cringe when Gabriel rounded on him.
"See his eyes Mega! He wants to hurt me!!! I won't have him here any longer!" Derubeis squawked. "He reads now. He writes. And Mega I grant he is beautiful and dances with the God's grace. But Mega? He is a blight on this house! The other slaves despise him! He sows dischord beneath the stairs with his arrogant ways! Ask Ashar. He will tell you!"
“He tried to run away.” Maeghara said. “The God abhors wicked runaway slaves. This is their fate. The Godspeakers smite them for the God.”
When he was gone, El-Don shot Castiel a meaningful look as if his point had been well and truly made.
“Gabriel I know you have only at best a passing acquaintance with reality. But you’re being completely absurd. I barely spent fifteen minutes with him. And of that time I spent of it threatening his life.” Castiel said shaking his head and rolling his eyes as Gabriel continued.
Dee-Ann you are
Dean begins to understand what it was that Maeghara saw in him back in his Village.
“There’s only one way to find out……” Castiel said affecting a confidence he did not feel. “Send them in.”
He scowled at her. “What do you mean?” he demanded.
Dee-Ann counted sixty riders. Forty of them were Birds and sixty were Cats. When the last warrior had trotted past them, and they were once again cantering towards distant Et-Haravelle, Maeghara let out a sigh.
“It is cold my Lord.” he said sounding nervous, pointedly averting his eyes. But the implication was clear.
“You mean….” Castiel asked.
“I did.” Tran said in that annoying way of his. As if he knew oh so much more than he was saying.
. But he found he knew what Castiel was trying to say. And if anything, it made him curious….
“Mine.” Castiel said through clenched teeth and Dee-Ann tried to find the words to tell Castiel how good he felt. But all he can do is squeeze Castiel’s cock, moaning as pleasure as waves of ecstasy coil behind his bellybutton. He slams his hips upwards and knows he is about to cum. With renewed vigor, he worked his hands on Castiel’s leaking cock, and feeling the slightest hitch in the rhythm of Castiel’s fucking; knows he’s fast approaching his climax as well.
At this Joh’s face split in half as she smiled, pushing off with her fist on one knee to resume their walk. “Light blind me Cassie. When did you learn to start talking like a proper man?” she asked as if she found the idea hilarious. “Niggled me like a right grown fish husband you did.”
Though he’d seen the God wake over and over, Dee-Ann held his snake eye amulet with a thrill of surprise. The Godspeaker picked up the golden cockerel and his sacrifice knife. Like the others before it, the beautiful bird died soundless; slit from crop to tail in a single blow. Its entrails slipped into the waiting scorpion bowl and became hot fire. As the sacred circle’s black flame danced around him, the Godspeaker fell to his knees and plunged his face into the offering’s greasy blue smoke. Breathing deeply, his eyes rolled back in his head.
“Gabriel you gossip like a common Launderer.” Castiel scolded him.
“Whyever not?” Castiel asked.
A feeling of profound despair settled over him. He choked back a sob.
"Slaves obey because that is what slaves do." Maeghara said.
“Who are you?” he snarled through gritted teeth. “How did you trick Kufu into leaving me along with you? Are you an assassin from the Southern Delegation?”
“It’s alright.” Castiel said.
“Meet me at the Lover’s Gate.” Tran said. “Do you remember how to get there?”
In his seat, Dee-Ann gave a grunt of pure effort, loud enough that both Castiel and Gord-Ahn looked over at him. It was obvious he was starining hard enough against his bonds that he would soon hurt himself, and even as Castiel watched; he could see his chair wobble as Dee-Ann worked both arms and legs in effort to free himself. Gord-Ahn looked quickly back at Castiel, puckering his lips and making a tsk-tsk sound as if Dee-Ann was a misbehaving child. Then with a smile as if to say: “Watch this!” he sauntered over to the straining Dee-Ann. As soon as he was close enough Dee-Ann snarled at him, snapping his teeth like a viper hard enough that a drop of spittle flew from his mouth.
Sleep took a long time to find him.
“let us take the discreet way home.” Said Derubeis at last. “Or we will never see out beds before newsun. And I am tired.”
He almost reached up to touch his own face, but his hand paused mid way. Any damage to the Mima’s creation and he’d have to suffer through the entire process again. Not to mention he couldn’t
Castiel felt a chill pass over his skin. He felt a dry scratch of unshed tears behind his eyes, but he swallowed them down. Crying over the thing would not make it clean.
“Beautiful please Maeghara?” he asked.
The Barracks of Et-Novakar. The city within a city. Surely, one he-brat could find a home and go unnoticed insude such an anthill. Maeghara would never think to look for him there? She would not. He knew it. In the Barracks of Et-Novakar he would be safe. All he had to do was reach them . He knew there were many caravans traveling to Et-Novakar for the Queen's nameday. He woukd have to find a way onto one.
“But you promised?!” the man wailed. “You said I could keep this one!”
. Everything about this day’s presentation seemed strange to him. Too much had passed in looks and meaningful glances between the Queen and the Princess. Why was the Princess even here at all? Who were those strange men in the Delegation? What difficult times was this Idan referring to? And just what were these ‘many things’ that needed discussing?
of us? Oh....that was something altogether different. She went to the hill tribes, and the people of the forest and the deep desert; and even some of us.....who were more than mere
“I thought you wanted it civilized?” Derubeis asked, watching the entire exchange with disinterest.
“Honestly Cassie. You really do need to start paying more attention.” Gabriel said rolling his eyes. “Ana along with every other one of our sisters are turning in early. They leave at the crack of newsun for a hunt. It’ll be their last chance for a while. The Godmoon is upon us. And that means every Noble House of any important standing will be arriving within the next week. Mother is riding out to meet them on the Mountain at highsun tomorrow as soon as she’s finished that business in the Godhouse.”
All at once and all in excruciating detail. A stomach churning, nightmare inducing mass, blazing like a beacon in his mind. And somewhere on the vague outskirts of his perception, Castiel realized it was
. He would not let the memory of that
Maeghara bowed. “The God sees you Godspeaker. And as we wait….” She took Dee-Ann’s arm, tugging him forward. “…You see this one? I wish it bathed and fed and dressed in cotton; with shoes on its feet and charm beads in its godbraided hair. For health and beauty and obedience. You will please me and the God to grant my desire. I will make an offering in return.”
it?” he asked suddenly with an expression so vulnerable it was a thorn in Dee-Ann’s eye.
“You’ll kill him either way…” Castiel choked out.
.......................................................................Castiel who he had never told how grateful he was for all the things he had done.
Castiel nuzzled his neck, and was gone. Dee-Ann could feel Castiel’s sweat clinging to him, but he wasn’t ready to let him go just yet. So instead, he sighed, carefully disentangling one hand long enough to reach for his Scorpion Amulet which had been resting on top of the rest of his clothes. He pulled the leather thong over his head and lay examining the amulet’s familiar features.
He traced his fingers through the tufts of hair that were sprouting from under his arms and over the skin near his elbows. The same soft hair that had begun to appear on his legs and even his toes. There was a slightly darker shadow of hair above his cock. He traced his fingers through the soft hair, then took his cock in hand and turned it this way and that. His cock had gotten larger too, his stones had dropped further from his body. He hadn’t told anyone. But his cock had taken on a habit of standing up straight from his body like a scorpion tail ready to sting. Always in the mornings, but sometimes at the oddest times during the day as well.
“I am called Dee-Ann.”
So many roofs in the city Et-Banotaj, Dee-Ann knew he could never count them all. Trees too! Heavy laden with fruit. Maeghara’s stern face was gentle with smiling.
*    *     *
How long he knelt there, he did not know. The God did not speak to him. Or if it did he could not hear it.
- Excerpt from "The Early Days of Dee-Ann the Kingmaker" by Princess Kla'ara of Et-Novakar
Banotaj when the son’s theft leads to war….and claim Et-Banotaj lands as her own; and afterwards birth a daughter worth loving.”
“God….” He heard Dee-Ann say somewhere above him, and Castiel drew back; looking pointedly into Dee-Ann’s eyes and placing a firm kiss on his lips. He hoped Dee-Ann understood. This moment was theirs and theirs alone. They needed none of his
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel caught a glimpse of tousled blond hair as the hood fell back. In her haste however, the thief had run for the far door into the Keep. He didn’t know whether she knew he was standing right next to another, but he didn’t care. He raced into the Keep, just able to discern the shadowy shape in the distance. She was fast. Obviously a natural runner. He couldn’t afford to lose sight of her. Feeling his anger swell, he let rip.
"I had my suspicions your mum were puttin out feelers to find you and your brothers a wife. But Light burn me to a crisp where I stand Sprout I never...." Joh began, her voice turning thick as she spoke the oath. Castiel stilled her with a hand on her chest. He forced a smile through stinging eyes. He believed her. Even when he was a child Joh had had no talent for play acting. The anguish written on her ugly handsome features  was heartbreakingly sincere. Even moreso because it told Castiel what she thought of this match.
Or at least, that’s what his father had always said. He sighed, clawing at an errant forelock that had somehow escaped from the wrist thick braid his body servant had knotted his hair into for sleep. The motion of his hand made the many bracelets circling his slender wrist tinkle. He didn’t much care for what his dreams had been showing him recently. Darkness. Shadows. And more–than–shadows. And there were always dreams. Whether he remembered them upon waking or not, didn’t matter. In the moment between sleep and awareness he could always feel it. The frayed threads of his memory still catching on the splinters of fear.
“Mistress?” she asked.
"Maeghara!"  he said with delight.  "  I must be beautiful for her!"
He felt his blood boil, feeling
Why had the God abandoned him in the mine?....................................
place he’d know.
“Tell me you’re not stupid enough to believe that...” Gord-Ahn began, but was interrupted by Dee-Ann from behind.
.....will be rewarded above all as her most loyal.”
. He’d been expecting livid burns.
would ride in a carriage like that. Proudly, with Maeghara so that all Et-Banotaj would know he was precious.
More than anything he realized the source of his sadness and indignation and the pain he was feeling now......was sitting in front of him.
“That is not good enough!” Dee-Ann cut in. “You are a healer.
“The God is good. The one thing I ask for myself, my fellow Trader and our possessions; is safe passage from Et-Haravelle to Et-Banotaj, in a Godspeaker caravan.” She said.
Tears gathered in his eyes unbidden, wetting his lashes and he set his jaw harder.  He wanted this. It wasn't just about the sensation and the act anymore. He didn't just want to fuck; he wanted to fuck with Dee-Ann. He knew it was pathetically naïve and romantic, but the truth was he really wanted to give this to Dee-Ann, to share it with him.
He may have been mightily put out with his sisters for failing to tell him they were leaving for a hunt with just days before the celebrations were due to begin. But it presented a delicious opportunity to spend some time in his mother’s private offices undisturbed. His mother would have quit the Palace to spend the night in the Godhouse. No doubt Kufu would be there performing his….duties….as well.
“No. Dee-Ann knows Woman. Man. Woman’s daughters.” A shiver ran over his skin. “Godspeaker.”
Castiel went through the motions of his morning prayers. Lighting bunches of incense and throwing a fresh log onto the fire. The room was cold, or perhaps it was merely imagined. He installed himself in front of the polished mirror. It was a relatively new addition to the antechamber next to his closet. But tradition demanded that once he came of age that he be gifted a mirror. This one was a large disc of brass floating like a rising sun between the outstretched wings of two kneeling angels. Its surface was polished to a high shine so he could see his reflection. Even though he looked less and less like himself every day when he looked into it.
“When my mother hears of this she will……”
in every way as he fucked his cock into Dee-Ann’s grip; even as he fucked himself on Dee-Ann’s cock.
But she would send for him soon, she had to. And then they would walk this world together. He understood why she hadn't sent for him.
In that instant, he felt a second heartbeat synchronizing with his.
When she sent for him at last Megara would be so proud of her clever, beautiful Dee-Ann.
Dee-Ann nods. Carefully he adds another finger and Castiel’s eyes roll back, closing as they do. Calmer now, relaxed and more confident, Dee-Ann starts letting himself explore inside of him. Castiel feels his fingers spreading a bit, curling slightly as they pull in and out of him. His next breath catches on a whimper and Dee-Ann’s other hand strokes calmly over his cock. Soft, rhythmic. The look on Dee-Ann’s face is one of absolute fascination, eyes darting to Castiel’s ever so often; then returning in earnest to his task. Dee-Ann pushes a little deeper. One perfect twist of his hand and lightning strikes Castiel’s spine. Shoots through his stomach and his eyes fly open.
“That you are a fool. And so is
“I am but a simple Body Servant.” Tran said filling a bowl with water and pouring it over Castiel’s head.
"Gabriel. I've been looking down at this city all my life. Why are we going into the Bone Slums?" he asked. He could hear the fear in his own voice. But he didn't care. Every city has those parts not spoken of in polite conversation. For Et-Novakar, it was the Bone Slums. Despite the significant size, this area did not have a sufficient business or trade to warrant District status. And its inhabitants were far too varied. Hailing from all corners of the kingdom, the Slums were filled with people who had come to Et-Novakar seeking a better life and finding only more of what they'd left behind. The result was a kind of nowhere/everywhere soup flavored with every foreign dialect, culture and less than legal Trade. Pleasure Houses bartering flesh. Smoke Dens. Apothecaries. Anything and everything was on offer here, for those willing to pay the price, and take their chances. And through it all like rot through a tree ran the signs of poverty.street
“Do you think this has something to do with your dreams?” Tran asked almost hesitantly. Castiel shrugged, throwing his hands up in the air. He hadn’t really allowed himself to consider the possibility.
Two chapters in one day!
To Castiel it seemed, once he’d agreed to stop punishing himself; that he was never allowed any time for such self reflection again. Between endless classes and practice sessions with his various Masters; his schedule – now that he was older – began to include an all but endless array of “duties” which he, as a Prince of the Blood was expected to fulfill. These ranged from menial things like visiting the kitchens and stirring a large copper pot filled with spiced oil to signify the beginning of a Feast Day; to more official duties like overseeing novitiate Godspeakers performing morning sacrifice in the Keep; and even stamping his personal seal onto requests from various lesser nobles to approve betrothals for their children.
! I still
him!” Gabriel said finally, stretching each word to nearly three times its length.
"What?" he asked.
What he wanted was to scream. He wanted to rage. He wanted to beat his fists against something until it bruised. Until it shattered and bled. He wanted to make something or someone hurt the way he was hurting.
“Yes Godspeaker.” The man held out his hand. “Come child.”
“And I suppose we all know where the mouth of the beast is situated.” Castiel said smirking. Gabriel looked scandalized for a moment before smacking Castiel playfully on the thigh.
“What is that look?” Gabriel asked slowly, circling his face in front of Castiel’s face.
And with a shuddering sob, Dee-Ann began to pray. He prayed until his knees ached and his voice was hoarse and his eyes stung from too many tears. He promised the God everything he had. Everything he would
‘And surely one of the ugliest.’ He remembered thinking.
“Nothing was ever confirmed of course. How could it? But there were a great many people who watched little Peliel develop with malicious interest.” Gabriel explained.
“Old Hag?!” she repeated bearing her teeth again. “You have courage boy. I grant you that. Now free yourself.”
“Well do you know our ways Tulu Godspeaker.” Maeghara said, her small smile growing wider. Dee-Ann wondered if they were friends. If it was possible not to fear and cower in the presence of a Godspeaker. Maeghara must be a very special sort of a person to number among her friends a chosen of the
…and pushing everyone else out. It did nothing to allay his feeling of unease that she looked better suited to a battlefield than to a throne, sitting as she was dressed in full plate armor. But unlike Annanakiel and the rest of his sisters’ armor, what The Queen had chosen for the occasion carried an air of deadliness that – to Castiel – seemed almost sinister. He imagined to the Southern Envoys, it might seem an odd choice for the woman known throughout the lands as the Queen of Light to clothe herself entirely in black. But then, there were many things about the Queen Castiel found odd.
woman had touched it
“I’m sure I don’t know pet.” Gabriel said in a voice so disingenuous Castiel practically wanted to scream as he was bodily dragged out the door.
“He is awake and listening to us.” Said the old woman. “Sly little rascal.” She chuckled. “But Royalty has a need of slyness. Even males.” She said taking one step further into the room. And suddenly Castiel felt as if she were leaning over him where he lay. “Sleep well little rascal. You’ll need all your strength about you in the days to come.”
“Every word I speak reflects the Mistress want.” Said the slave Ashar. “Of that you can be certain.”
say!” Rubi said around a mouthful.
He’d come to this man’s cottage in the hope that with his knowledge he might be able to heal Castiel, but he still felt unsure. Only the God had the power to heal wounds like that. But there was no Godspeaker here. And even if there had been, Dee-Ann felt sure their Godstone would hang as limp and lifeless as his own Scorpion necklace. The God was not in this place.
What part of his mind was rational and logical, told Castiel that it had all been naught but a bit of rather gruesome; but very well executed theater. The kind of base drek one could expect from foreign peasants seeking to scratch out a living in horrid conditions in the city. And Castiel had no doubt Gabriel had crossed her palm with more than a little gold for the effort.
Crow = Crowley
who sounded the war drums and launched landed on our soil unprovoked. For twenty years the war raged. First my Great Grandmother, then my Grandmother eventually beat back the Barbarian Queen, burned your fleet and dashed your forces to the wind.” Castiel said with a hint of pride. He’d had the time to do a lot of research about the Western incursion when he’d learned his mother planned to marry him to Li-Illitur.
He didn’t remember shifting. Only that Castiel was suddenly sitting on top of him, legs astride and his still damp hair – now a tangled leaf strewn mess – falling all around them as Castiel kissed him back with equal fervor. He felt certain he would explode any moment, only for Castiel to throw the mass of his hair back with a powerful motion of his neck, and take hold of Dee-Ann’s throbbing cock. A moment later, he realized what the Prince meant to do.
But then, he supposed since he WAS trying to break into her private office that the precaution was a good one. He looked around for anything sharp enough to bring blood. He didn’t much relish the thought of biting into his own flesh hard enough to break the skin. There was always the possibility he might find something in the Queen’s chambers, but he didn’t think it was a good idea to haring around in there just then. He didn’t know his way around. And anything he disturbed would surely be reported to the Queen directly by her Body Slaves.
“May the Light find you and See you always. May it keep you in its Protective Eye.” The intoned together.
“You’ve never been plain to me hen.” Castiel said leaning his head on Gabriel’s sweet smelling shoulder. It was a private nickname they rarely used. It stemmed from years before when the two of them – much chagrined from a scolding from the Queen – had “run away” all the way to the chicken house in one of the lower courtyards; fully intent on living there. They’d even devised the master plan that they’d survive by selling the Queen her own eggs and laugh nightly at their clever deception. Of course, they hadn’t taken into account just how smelly a chicken coop would be. And after an encounter with a rather recalcitrant rooster they’d swallowed their pride and crawled back to their lives as Princes.
“A fake?” Castiel said. “Did one of the stones get lost?”
As Dee-Ann wrenched free, Ashar appeared.
Dee-Ann learns more of the world, and begins to suspect that things are not as cut and dry as he once believed.
Continued notes on the sexual dynamics of this world.
“And what of your lessons?” Gabriel asked.
not….heal Castiel….
By the time Castiel left his storeroom hiding place and made his way back to his tower, the entire Palace had taken on the flat, impenetrable silence of true night. The temptation to run was strong, but he knew he could not. It was all he could do to put one foot in front of the other as he crept back to the safety of his rooms.
Dee-Ann gripped his face firmly in both hands and dragged their mouths back together again, and all thought left Castiel’s mind…
(See the end of the chapter for
To the right of their dais, on the enormous throne; sat his Mother the Queen.
"Let me leave this place. Guide me to the Barracks of Et-Novakar. Do this for me? And I will be yours. I will devote my life to you." he prayed for the first time in his entire life. "I will be Dee-Ann slave of the God."
thing he’d ever slept on, with softness beneath him and too many blankets. He’d never dreamed there could be such a thing as too many blankets. Let goat Derubeis sleep on a baked earth floor under a table, or chained to a wall where dogs could sniff her. Dogs that longed to devour her bones, and a Woman who beat her if she was so cold and stiff on waking she could hardly walk.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Peliel.” Gabriel said.
“I see you now. I see you in this pen.” She said.
But he never finished. The words died inside him, and unbidden; fat wet tears sprang from his eyes and spilled over his cheeks.
“Absolutely.”
“In a crowd of dancers and musicians and actors and the like!” Gabriel said as if it were plainly obvious. “We can have a little fun. What about a nice tourmaline? I’m sure I have a costume that will fit you. You’re so skinny. What about a harem boy? Yes I think that will do quite nicely…..”
“I would tell them that the curse has been lifted from the Moor. The people of Paradin – both living and dead – deserve that much. To
to suggest a Prince of the Blood is an animal?” he growled.
He silently cursed the Queen for a paranoid old fool.
‘That will not be my life.’ He thought to himself. Though he did not say it.
“A garden? Of what? A garden of corpses? A garden of bones? You are insane. Utterly mad.” Castiel said unable to his his disgust.
“Highness.” Tran said from next to him. Castiel gave him one final smile before bowing his head and walking briskly through the doors.
Dee-Ann didn’t move. He didn’t speak. Merely looked at Castiel with a look of conjoined hesitation and outright hunger. Castiel’s eyes never left his. And leaning forward slowly, he gave him every chance to pull away; before finally…he pressed his lips to Dee-Ann’s.
Stepping out of the bath, he let himself be wrapped in towels. “Is there some particular reason you’re here?”
“I see….” Castiel said letting his head fall back against the tree. “And you think
“Did you sleep?” he asked. He felt more than saw Castiel shake his head.
Dee-Ann walked past Obid and the Pennkeeper and the watching dogs, to join the naked slaves. They stared at him in wondering silence, standing as though they were still in their chains. Obid pulled the pen’s gate shut and the Pennkeeper fastened its lock. The floor was dirt, not stone; and Dee-Ann covered his nose against the smell of too many unwashed bodies.
The thought screamed through his mind before he could stop it, and Dee-Ann instinctively shut his eyes and screwed up his face in terror. Surely to tempt the God with such disrespect would be a smiting sin. But still......there was nothing. Dee-Ann felt thick, hot tears spring from his eyes. He could not stop them. He did not want to. He had never felt more alone. More abandoned and betrayed. Not even by Maeghara when she had called him a slave. He sobbed softly. He had come so far. It wasn't fair. Why would the God make him beautiful enough to catch Maeghara's eye when the God sent her and stupid Derubeis to the Village? Why would the God let him name himself, and carry him all the way from the Savage East to the villa in Et-Banotaj; let him learn reading and counting and dancing....and give him cunning and strength enough to escape that place; to survive the streets and the caravan of the Bitch Bara-Bhur and her stupid daughter Chaala? Why would God see him safely in its eye all the way to Et-Novakar, and lend him its power to survive the Witch Illistur and all those who tried to kill him?
“Zandakar is hardly
More smut with a smattering of plot mixed in for flavor
After pishing, tired and sore from camel riding, he yawned cross legged on the blanket Maeghara gave him; amazed as the traders produced rolls of colored cloth from the pack camels baskets. And turned them into little rooms.
“Stop it!” Dee-Ann all but ordered, but Castiel was having none of it.
“Thank you.” Castiel said giving him a reassuring smile.
Whatever reaction he had expected from the girl Chaala at the sight of him presenting himself naked, pliant and cock at the ready for her to enjoy; anguished shrieking like the stupid monkey Hooli and having a plate of food hurled at his cock…….would not have been his first guess.
“But he is ill tempered!” her short friend argued. “Undisciplined and wild! He will be troublesome Mega.”
Castiel touched his lips to the knot, before returning it to its hiding place. The kiss which – perhaps – he should have given Tran that night when he’d asked for it. Would it have made a difference?
Twenty three Highsuns after entering Et-Banotaj’s lands; he was asleep in the bouncing wagon when Derubeis’ finger poked him in the ribs.
“Obid!”
The slave Ashar halted and pointed his finger. “I am Chief Slave of this House! I can beat you if you do not obey!”
Tucking the amulet into his pocket, he turned and walked back to his chambers. There was no need to try and hide the fact. There was a score of Guards waiting outside the Keep to see him safely there. And Castiel could only imagine it would be a lot more difficult for him to resume his clandestine movements from here on out.
“Well…..I was thinking. Perhaps we could…pretend? My mother won’t give either of us any peace until she is sure her plan has been successful. And I’m sure she will be generous with her gratitude.” She spoke as if she did not know what she wanted to say, gesturing with her hands as if she were kneading a loaf of bread. “At least until we reach the city.”
"Naga."  she said. "You give a good report of this one?"
“I wonder if Et-Banotaj Warlord knows Bajadek Warriors ride freely in the lands of Et-Haravelle? I wonder….” She said, but cut off when Maeghara kicked her.
“The God of course you silly brat!” Derubeis tittered.
This last was said in a breathy, conspiratorial sort of a voice that made Castiel want to hit him.
She had been one woman alone. But it had been enough of a glimpse into the culture House Sha-Tan fostered in the west. Kufu – the eternal fool – had ventured to ask about this supposed Blood God they were rumored to worship in the West. The woman - who called herself Ardat – had simply shrugged and brushed off the comment, saying only that their culture was very old and that they had brought many gods with them from the old world.
……………………………………….Was that another lie? Or did she really not know?
“Are you sure
“You have the Harrowspex to thank for that.” Gabriel said flatly.
“How in the Light did you manage to change so quickly?” Castiel asked letting go of his now limp cock and squeezing a sponge of scalding water over his head.
to.......who he'd been to afraid to admit - even to himself - that he...
“Better skin and bone in Et-Banotaj than dead on the road.” Maeghara said. “The God saw us Rubi when it sent us that chosen slave. No other price would buy us the protection of a Godspeaker caravan.”
"Yes Maeghara!" he said breathlessly. Pleasing Maeghara was all.
Time had passed in Et-Banotaj city. And in the villa of Traders Maeghara and Derubeis, in his room tucked under the stairs, Dee-Ann had grown into a vision. Gone was the scared half-savage he-brat who had shrieked at the idea of a bath; and whose world had fit in a child's fist. In its stead now sat a young man in the first bloom of glowing , resplendent beauty. He had grown tall, and his body was firm and lithe. Away from the harshness of the desert sun, his skin had paled from weathered brown to a silky cream. His golden godbraids now slapped the small of his back when he stood  and sang with silver godbells every time he moved. His movements, were graceful; less like a young man and more like one of stupid Derubeis' fish swimming through the air. It was his face however, above all else that made him beautiful. Youthful roundness had made way for a study in sculpted angles and a strong masculine jaw. The soft, fulness of his lips made those he spoke to hang on his every word. But looking into his liquid green eyes made them deaf.
Dee-Ann nodded, pushing out of his seat and bending to grab more wood to pile on the fire. Castiel felt a pit form in his stomach. After the intimacy of their conversation, he felt as if he’d been doused in ice cold water now that Dee-Ann had returned to being his usual, capricious self. Dee-Ann stood with his back to him for a moment, the firelight painting him in silhouette.
“Another matter.” The voice whispered. There was the sound of fabric rustling. Then of parchment being unfurled.
“What do you want me to say?” Kufu asked sounding annoyed.
“The dreams again?” Tran asked seriously, his dark eyes looking concerned. He was the only person in the Palace Castiel trusted enough to have told about his nightmares. Castiel considered brushing off the question with a lie. But it was weighing on him.
“Lay back,” Dee-Ann whispers. “Knees up.” Castiel nods and watches as Dee-Ann dips his hand in the pot. “Let me know if I hurt you.”
? There’s nothing
Tally spindly treed with whippy branches crowded close on either side, flogging their faces and arms and legs. The camels complained with every step, and Maeghara tightened her arm around Dee-Ann’s middle; leaning back as they reached the bottom. He gasped then they reached it finally. Here was
He felt Dee-Ann’s weight lift off him, and was about to protest when he felt warm, insistent fingers digging lacings of his tunic; all but wrenching them open and separating the two halves. Castiel sat up with him, guiding his arms out of the tunic and tossing it aside. Dee-Ann looked at him mesmerized as he proceeded to reach into the front of Castiel’s trousers and pull out his undershirt which was tucked in there. He guided the fabric up over Castiel’s head and arms and – placing a gentle hand on his chest – guided Castiel to lie flat on his back again.
His mind was gravid with details from the night before. Still cold, he walked into his dressings rooms and looked for his cape from the night before, draping it over his shoulders before walking into his private study. Sitting right at the back of his chambers, it wasn’t a room he used often. And it showed. He didn’t receive much in the way of correspondence that needed answering, and though a fair amount of his books were kept in here; he preferred to do his reading in front of the fire. The room therefore was beginning to look a bit shabby around the edges. It was obvious that when these had been Ezekiel’s rooms, the study had been meticulously maintained. But under Castiel’s neglect he could see spare lacings for his stomacher, baskets of ribbons and even what looked to be a fur tappet that needed mending strewn about. He made a note to create some order in here at some stage. But for now, he would not be diverted from the task at hand.
“So?” Castiel began. “What can you tell me of the outside world?”
“I may have heard a rumor when I was down in the Kitchens earlier.” Tran said conspiratorially, still brushing away. “Big hullabaloo. They were cooking up a storm. A proper feast from what I could tell. I saw a dessert with sugar dates. Looked delicious.”
.” Castiel said emphatically. “To sacrifice all hope of love or passion or….”
Without warning, the Godspeaker tossed the Godstone on its leather thong at Dee-Ann. Without thinking, his hands caught it out of the air. It blazed to life between his hands, the light burning his eyes and the stone turning warm against his skin. He looked between Maeghara and the Godspeaker.
Something uncoiled inside Castiel at the words, and he found – despite being on the brink of tears only seconds before – that he suddenly had to fight to keep from smiling. Though as he rose from his seat and took two deliberate steps toward Dee-Ann, he found his face had grown very hot. Dee-Ann had turned to face him fully, and Castiel allowed himself a moment to admire the lean, sinuous line of his limbs where he stood.
He sniggered. “Man not teach. Woman beat man he talk he-brats.” He said sipping from the cup carefully. Not sadsa this time. Tea. It was cool enough to drink. He gulped, certainly thirsty. “Man try….talk a little when woman gone.”
Tucked beneath his blankets, he held his beautiful blue snake eye amulet, and waited for sleep to claim him. He was not afraid of squabbling Warlords, or of Demons, or of stupid goat Derubeis. Maeghara was here. She would protect him. Maeghara and the God.
" Are you o-okay?" Dee-Ann gasped the question softly, seeming to have to struggle with the words as if coherency took actual, physical effort.
And then Dee-Ann was pulling away, resting his weight on his arms on either side of Castiel but most assuredly
But still. There was a small part of him that almost missed the freedom he had had since leaving the villa. Here again there were rules to follow. People to consider. It had only been barely more than a week. But Dee-Ann had been truly free for the first time in his life. That cold, dark, dirty, cleared out space among the thorny branches was the only place in his entire life that had ever been his alone. Not the floor under the table in the Woman’s hut in the nameless Village. Nor the room beneath the stairs in Maeghara’s villa. His. And the God’s.
The Godspeaker placed the scorpion on the lead of the leather laced box, stood back and closed her eyes. It seemed to Dee-Ann that the whole world went silent.
“See Et-Banotaj’s pinnacle Dee-Ann. There is the Godhouse on its peak. It is second only to the Godhouse of Et-Novakar in all of Mijak. There below it, the Warlord’s Palace. Below the Palace, at the Pinnacle’s base, within strong walls are the Barracks where her warriors live”
“Clever little puppy.....” Gord-Ahn drawled out, sauntering over to Dee-Ann and kneeling in front of him. “Maybe I was too quick in dismissing you....hmmm?” he asked, putting both hands on Dee-Ann’s knees and running his long tailed fingers up the inside of Dee-Ann’s thighs.
He was nearly to the door of the antechamber when he heard it.
“Well done Rubi.” Maeghara murmured as they entered Et-Haravelle. “Your tongue is as persuasive as ever.”
….what wonders must the God’s own city not hold?
“I understand.” Dee-Ann said, and meant it.
"Half right so far."  The other woman said sounding uninterested and scratching her fingers along the furry belly of the little beast.  "As for the rest Mega, it remains to be seen."
That night a fever rose in him. And sleep became a torment. He dreamed of terrible things. He dreamed of fire. And Blood. And death. And thorns pricking him. Of flesh tearing. He felt himself flung into the air, and was as a bird. Or a bit of dust carried on the wind. It flung him far through the air, over hills and mountains and valleys and rivers that he had never seen. He saw cities like none he had ever seen, people with things shaped like a woman but that were not one.
?” Tran asked. “About the lessons and the party and all that?”
"Hear me. It was not fate that took us to your Godforsaken village you simpering brat. It was coin. We visited the Truthsayer and she read our futures. She told Maeghara that in that scarred, blistered lump of a Village we would find the key to unlock our Destiny. And so we have. You...will be sold to the Palace as a concubine. A gift for the Queen. A pretty bauble for her to play with, and do away with as she sees fit. We will gain access to Royal Trade Routes far richer than any we have seen before. And you....will not be our problem anymore."
“This is Maeghara’s word! You must do as Maeghara commands!” Bisla said. Yes. Yes! The man Bisla was right. Above all things he must obey Maeghara. “It is a bath child! Surely you have had a bath before?” he asked crossly.
Gabriel walked with him arm in arm to a part of the Palace he had rarely, if ever; visited. It was a huge room intended for fetes or something of that fashion. But ever since his Father had died it had not been used. The Queen famously loathed dancing and despite the vast length of the room, it was too narrow for any of the more battle oriented entertainments she enjoyed so much. Castiel practically groaned thinking of all the thrice cursed archery tourneys, chariot races and horsemanship exhibitions he would have to endure in the next few weeks.
Looking out over the city, the lightening sky above the scattered buildings of the business district seemed somehow…threatening. Not by a storm, for it was far too late in the season for that. No. This sky was filled with a kind of foreboding. As he stared, his skin erupted in goose flesh as he was gripped by a breathless feeling that told him he was under threat. But from what?
were wrong, but that
Ashar's face was solemn. But his eyes were dancing. He was laughing. He was laughing at Dee-Ann. He was pleasee to see him brought so low. "Yes Mistress. I think he knows his proper place now."
This is the symbol Castiel found
Derubeis sighed again. “True.”
The big woman laughed as she took the dead chicken. “Are you now brat? What happened to you? You look like a hunting cat wanted you for her dinner. Smells like might be she did.”
“Yer Excellencies. Welcome, welcome. Thank you. For your custom.”
*     *     *
Aaaaaaiiiiiieeeeee! Where could he go?! Where would he be safe AND free?
“You have gifts boy. That much is clear. But you haven’t the first idea what to do with them. Do you?” she said/asked. Again he did not know what she wanted him to say. So he said nothing.
Light see him. No. Please no.
"Oh come now. You were doing so well, ferreting out the truth. I think it's high time we had an
She chuckled again as she pushed off, stepping towards him. She bent to retrieve his stick. Dee-Ann sighed through his nose, his breath still coming hard from dancing.
It was no great shock that he couldn't sleep. His mind was gravid with all the horrors and questions and hurt feelings imaginable. It was not the first time the limitations of his gender had been pointed out to him. But this was undoubtedly the worst. The concept of marriage, of politics and treaties. They had always been there. But they had been distant. A nameless, shapeless SOMEDAY thing that didn't bear too much thinking.
you! I want to
Dee-Ann followed wordlessly passed the threshold. Stranded, struck dumb; he could do nothing but stare at the shiny green stone floor and the green walls with images of people and places bound inside golden borders and hung from hooks. He stared at the gold and silver tables covered in carved stone people and animals. At the bowls and bowls of freshly cut flowers. Inside the villa was light as day. There were so many lamps and candles burning.
“There child. You are properly clean. Isn’t that better?” Bisla asked. Dee-Ann nodded. Properly clean was another thing too big for good. What had the man said? Wonderful.
*     *     *
WARNING!!!!! THERE IS DESCRIPTION OF SOME VIOLENCE AGAINST ANIMALS IN THIS CHAPTER. JUST A LITTLE. BUT I THOUGHT I'D MENTION IT.
“So I misjudged the boy.” Kufu snapped. Castiel smiled. Both at the thought that Kufu was in trouble because of him, and also because the man seemed not to realize he was being goaded into this anger.
A group of warriors: their godbraids heavy with solid gold beads; their bodies protected by leather vests blazed bright and bold with the godsnake of Et-Novakar; long spears in their hands as they rose their striped and spotted horses onto the road – rode through the gate. They were laughing. There was no sense of danger about them. They seemed only to be exercising their horses, and to be overseeing the endless carts and carriages bearing all number of unknown things into the city.
Her features were neither handsome, nor ugly. Just she was looked neither young nor old. Her eyes were bright and cunning hovering over her thin lips and a rather hawkish nose. To Castiel it was impossible to imagine her as having ever been anything but the Queen. He knew she was his Grandmother’s second daughter. That her elder sister had died in battle alongside her mother; and rather than rely on a regent as was the custom, she had taken the throne at thirteen. Only a year older than Castiel was now.
Present day:
"My lady I...." Castiel stammered.
“Light See you my Lord.” The slave said.
“I suppose we could…but it might be a touch drafty with just the two of us.” Gabriel said frowning.
“More…” Castiel murmurs, voice on edge, pleading even. “Please, Dee-Ann.”
With a surge of pleasure that made his toes curl, Castiel felt Dee-Ann’s warm and calloused fingers take hold of the base of his cock. He watched Dee-Ann’s face carefully as his fingers slowly move up his length and eventually tease back the soft skin half covering the head; which Castiel could feel was well slicked with his lust.
“You would paint a target on my back for murder?” Dee-Ann asked narrowing his eyes.
"You will." Tran said. "But I'm afraid I must wait for you here."
He tried to convince himself that was why she hadn’t bothered to answer. Not because she wasn’t interested. Not because she didn’t care.
Just for a moment.
He had carried Castiel’s limp, half dead body across the moor until he found the house Castiel had told him about. The man El-Don had looked at him with a mix of awe and shock when he’d crested the hill carrying him. They must have looked frightening, both bloody and crusted with mud. But Dee-Ann had barely had time to mutter more than a few words of explanation before the man had ordered him to carry Castiel into the house and leave him to try and save his life.
Derubeis chut-chutted under her breath. “I should have had my wish many highsuns before now!” she said. “You should have called for a litter! The Trader’s District is still such a long way!”
Then moving swiftly, took them one by one, and turning the knife blade flat against his scalp; sliced them free of his head. Slowly but surely, hand over hand; the mound of hair in his lap grew. The golden strands unwound themselves from the very tight braids, and he could feel curls dancing around his head as well. All floppy and free. When the last godbraid had been cut off, he busied himself untangling every last silver bell, charm and amulet that had once been a part of him.
"Only life can pay for life. You want a new and different life to the one you're leading? New life will need to be created." she said., dipping her bloody fingers into a jar of black powder and sprinkling it into a bowl.
“Et-Haravelle.”
He had ruined everything.
“I do not think so Rubi. We were guided here by the God. The God will see us safe.” She said, climbing onto the camel and prodding it to stand. With a muffled curse, the short trader climbed onto her own camel and the slave train moved on; leaving the Woman and the man and the goats and the dogs behind them. Dee-Ann sat on the traders haughty white camel, his head held high. And never once did he look back.
