“This ‘victors only’ bullshit. He’s really screwed himself with it. I don’t know what he was thinking.”
At that, Dean couldn’t help but chuckle, even as he pounded again at the wall. “The fuck’s it matter to you? I’m just one more dead guy walking. All you Capitol stooges want is a bloodbath, why bother dressing me up first?”
Big. Yeah, holy fuck they’re big. Way too big. Way above Dean’s paygrade. Capital-fucking-A-Apocalypse. His heart is still hammering.
The first time he went to one of these things, he ate so much he puked, then promptly went back for seconds. And thirds. When he went back again for fourths and noticed other partiers doing the same thing—hurling their guts then going right back with ridiculous smiles on their faces—he got sick all over again. They weren’t doing it because they’d learned to eat
don't know." He almost looks genuinely sorry. Dean feels like shooting him, too. "Cassie's surveillance scrambler could have failed, someone may have broken in, someone we trusted..."
Bile catches where the phlegm used to be in his throat. Fine, this thing is an angel. Whatever. But vessel, meatsuit—it’s all the same fucking thing. Different terminology for the exact same crime. And to think he was
The crowd begins to murmur. The President smirks, one side of his mouth twitching up toward his cheek. Sam leans all the way forward in his seat. Dean does nothing.
He turns from his baby brother to open up the glass liquor cabinet again. He flicks his eyes up to look at Sam’s reflection. For half a second, he expects to see a floppy-haired boy, shuffling his feet and silently praying that Dean won’t be too mad at him. Of course, that’s not what he gets. Sam finally lived up to the ever-constant threat of being the taller Winchester, and, while his hair still hangs in his face, his eyes don’t hold an ounce of remorse. Just pity. Guilt, maybe. But those ain’t the same thing. It’s hard to believe that this is the same little kid who, just twelve years ago, tried to convince him that District 13 would swoop in and save the day before Dean got any blood on his hands.
Dean takes a deep breath and curls his fingers into his palms. "Alright, he got found out. Shouldn't be fucking possible, but we can worry bout the how later. Is he in trouble? Does Lucifer know he's here? And the hell does that have to do with Cas?"
He’s gotta tell Sam. And Bobby. They can’t go walking into this thing blind. It’s fucking huge and way too much, but they’re the last line of defense. That’s what Dean’s gotta believe from all of this. They’ve gotta start scoping out seals. Knocking down bricks. Keeping this thing from blowing up even bigger than it already is.
“You’re as bad as Cas,” he huffs, hoping to cut him off before he can start in on him. “Gotta get both of you two fitted with bells.”
quote, that thing about butter spread over too much bread… He’s related to it before, in ways that nobody under thirty ever should have. He’s had his fair share of long days. The day mom died. When dad was possessed by Azazel, and then the car wreck. Losing Sam…
“There are things you do not know, Dean. Things you cannot see. But it is not my responsibility to teach them to you.” It gives Dean another onceover, unblinking, then turns away. “I have important business to attend elsewhere. Do not summon me again. I will be in touch.”
Sammy turned around, but the guards were already right there, their stupid gloved hands bearing down on his shoulders. His baby brother was shaking.
Thirty minutes of that bullshit was enough to put Dean on edge, but he managed to sit through it till his knees felt stiff and his back ached from lying so still. He wondered, vaguely, if other eighteen-year-olds felt that way, but that wasn’t a question he knew how to get an answer for, and that just made it pointless.
Trees zoom past the window at a mile a minute. Maybe faster. Probably faster. If he could be bothered to do the math, Dean could probably figure it out. He thinks the same thing every time he gets on this godforsaken train, but he never does a damn thing about it.
Dean’s mouth shifts at the memory. Still, he sidles over, grabs a plate, and starts stuffing it high with mini quiches, chicken cutlets, and chocolate tarts, though. Waste not, want not.
The woman smirked, all traces of boredom gone. Dean didn’t care. Sick and fuming, he churned his mouth, then spat the taste of her onto the floor. The hay from the bag of hares stuck to his boot as he headed for the door.
Dean bristled. He couldn’t say he was ever particularly patriotic where his District was concerned, but that didn’t mean he liked the tone this guy was copping about it. “Yeah. Why? You gonna dress me up as a fuckin’ barn or something?”
Dean fiddled with the hospital-dressing-whatever-gown he’d been stuffed into, fists clenched and fuming.
Dean waits. He’s not sure what for—a hug, some tears, a punch to the face, one of those classic “I can’t let you do this” speeches. It’s anyone’s guess with Sammy. He’s gotten all of that and then some before.
“Oh,” he mutters. “Did you want some? You can have some of Sam’s fries, he never really eats them anyway.”
He has no clue why Cas would do such a thing, and frankly, the only reasons Dean can think of conjure up a series of thoughts he
of his free time, he does whatever he can to make Dean happy, he even stares into Dean’s eyes on occasion, silently pleading with Dean to understand.
He does nothing to stifle the moans and gasps that Cas wrenches out of him, especially when he realizes that each sound just seems to spur Cas on even more.
“To a degree, yes,” he replies. “I still can’t get sick and mortal weapons still won’t be able to harm me.”
Cas snaps his head up, a piece of paper comically stuck to his forehead. He stares wide-eyed at Dean.
Cas senses that this is what Dean wants him to do, so he nods his agreement. Dean’s eyes light up. He has a seat on one of the barstools and Cas takes the one next to him. He observes Dean carefully as the hunter briefly turns his attention to the bartender and orders a beer for him. The bartender reaches down under the counter, grabs a bottle identical to Dean’s, opens it, and slides it across the counter in front of the angel.
He ghosts his fingertips over Cas’s lower stomach, delighting in the way it makes Cas shudder and buck into his mouth. Cas moans a little louder as Dean swirls his tongue. Then suddenly, both of Cas’s hands fist in Dean’s hair and the angel goes completely silent.
Cas gives him a smile and exits the kitchen. Dean is about to follow suit when Sam gets his attention.
Thank you so much for reading! It was interesting to write something a little bittersweet, as I haven't really done that before.
“I saw that your light was on,” the angel says quietly. “I...I just wanted to make sure that you were okay.”
He pulls back slowly, giving Cas his best set of bedroom eyes. And just like that, Cas pieces it together.
ignorant to the topic of having sex with a man, even before his first time trying it. But then, there’s a
They exchange a few more kisses, then head over towards the table. Dean fills the two glasses with beer and offers one to Cas. The angel takes a sip, appreciating the accuracy of Dean’s dream. The beer tastes exactly like the real thing, and so do the peanuts. They sit in their chairs and talk for a little while, teasing each other and laughing as they recall old memories they share. Dean brings up several instances of Cas doing something embarrassing while trying to navigate human behavior, and Cas responds in turn by bringing up all the little mishaps Dean had after they first discovered the bunker, namely while teaching himself how to cook. They chat briefly about Jack and Sam, but for the most part, they stay focused on themselves.
“Yes, Dean. From what I understand, you pretty much hurt his feelings, then tried to make up for it by making out with him.”
Additionally, I plan on including a couple of one shots and other, shorter stories that are connected to this work as part of the series. I hope to explore the beginning and evolution of Dean and Cas's relationship together, as well as their shared interactions with Sam, and perhaps even another glimpse into Cas's diary...
Cas glances around. He has a feeling he knows what Dean’s going for, even if they’ve never actually done this in real life. His suspicions are confirmed when Dean turns and locks the door. In an instant, Dean's hands are on Cas’s hips, pulling the angel flush against him. Cas reaches out to steady himself, and he winds up with a hand pressed against the door on either side of Dean’s head, boxing him in. Dean quickly seals their lips together once more, moaning loudly as he starts to grind their hips together. Cas manages to pull away before things go any further than that. It’s not that he objects to what’s happening in principle, he’d just
think I’m not going to notice when a bunch of books, all about Enochian, go missing on the same morning you discover that Cas has a journal?”
Miraculously, the angel finally gets him to agree, and he is dropped off at a store to buy one while Sam makes a grocery run, leaving Dean at the bunker by himself. As promised, Sam picks him up on the way back from the grocery store, though he doesn’t look happy about it. They’re almost halfway back to the bunker when Sam says something to him.
that seems to come from everywhere, and suddenly the room descends into darkness. Cas collapses on top of him, panting heavily in Dean’s ear. He seems completely unaware that anything has changed. Dean glances around.
Dean surges forward, grabbing one of his wrists. Cas turns to look at him directly, his blue eyes filled with emotion. Standing this close, the memories of Cas kissing him come flooding back in full force. Dean uses his grip on Cas’s wrist to pull him closer, wrapping his other arm around the angel’s waist. Cas looks shocked, but he lets Dean pull him in for a kiss, his free hand flying to Dean’s shoulder. Dean jolts slightly as Cas’s hand slides down the front of his chest, the angel’s touch impossibly warm against his bare skin. He pulls Cas closer, releasing his wrist in favor of grabbing at Cas’s hair, making it look even more wild and tousled than it already does.
He settles between Dean’s thighs, pushing Dean’s knees up towards his chest. Dean fidgets on the bed, making himself a little more comfortable, one of his hands reaching for Cas’s hair. He rakes his fingers through the angel’s hair as Cas starts to trail kisses along Dean’s inner thighs, slowly making his way up towards his hips. Dean sighs and moans, anxiously awaiting what he knows is coming next. Cas takes his time about it, leaving clusters of wet kisses on Dean’s hips before finally,
rather than hear the rumble of Dean chuckling, and it takes every ounce of the angel’s self-control not to drape himself over Dean then and there.
get Cas’s attention—something Dean quickly succeeds in doing. Cas moans against Dean’s chest and seems to completely forget what he was doing. Dean uses the opportunity to haul Cas up for a searing kiss. He flings his arms around the angel’s neck, holding him tightly. Cas starts to grind his hips into Dean, and they both make noises of pleasure at that. When they break apart, they’re both panting heavily.
Cas, sensing that something is very wrong, quickly removes himself from Dean and pads over to their dresser. He throws on a shirt and a pair of boxers before returning to the bed. Dean hasn’t moved. He’s still sitting on the foot of the bed, staring at Cas like he expects the angel to disappear at any moment. Cas has a seat next to him, turning to face Dean head-on. The look Dean gives him nearly breaks Cas’s heart. His eyes are watery and his lips tremble as he hesitantly reaches out to touch Cas.
Dean enjoys spending time with Jack, and really, how could he not? The nephilim is easily one of the most entertaining individuals Dean’s ever met, partially because of his natural curiosity about anything and everything he encounters, but
They both murmur embarrassed apologies and Cas slides over to the opposite end of the couch. Sam mutters something about the Lord taking his hearing and goes back to reading his book. Dean eventually directs his attention back to the webpage he has pulled up on Sam’s laptop and tension in the room slowly starts to ease. Several minutes later, Dean finds
The angel perks up, opening his eyes. It’s not the first time he’s heard Dean say his name while he sleeps. It is, however, the first time that it’s been accompanied by the unmistakable tug of a prayer. Cas lifts his head from Dean’s shoulder, glancing down at him with confusion.
struggling to get himself under control. At least the angel has the sense to roll onto his back, propping his knees up under the covers so that he doesn’t pitch a tent in front of Jack. Dean sighs and wraps his arms around the nephilim. He slides one arm around the boy’s back, then another under his knees.
He glances down at Cas in time to see the angel blink his eyes open at him, amusement passing over his features. There’s a sudden playfulness about Cas’s demeanor, but also a certain...
He crouches down to check the tire pressure and inspect the rims, squatting like the catcher on a baseball team. But
He kisses the angel once more, then pulls back, waiting for him to continue. Cas grabs a  nearby bar of soap. He lathers it between his hands, then slides the bar of soap down Dean’s arms and shoulders. He uses large circular motions to scrub Dean’s chest and stomach, then his back. Dean jolts a little when Cas’s hands find their way to his more
Dean shakes his head. Wordlessly he holds out the book to Cas, his hands trembling slightly. The angel takes it, then sets it on the bed beside him.
even if that means Sam has to wake Dean up from a dead sleep. He’ll deal with a tired, pissed-off Dean as long as it means that he gets his air conditioning back. Preparing himself for all of Dean’s possible arguments at being woken up, Sam tries the door to Dean’s room.
Thank you so, so much for reading this all the way through! I hope you enjoyed this story as much as I did. It was a lot of fun to write, and I'm gonna miss working on it.
There are several moments of silence, then Dean starts to laugh. He runs a hand through Cas’s hair and pulls him in for a kiss.
stretch of the imagination. The angel groans, burying his face against Dean’s chest. At some point during the night, Cas slid off his pillow and ended up with his arms wrapped around Dean’s waist, one of his legs jammed between Dean’s.
“Of course,” he responds. “From what I understand, it’s practically a cornerstone for a romantic date.”
though it gets muffled by the covers. He has half a mind to chew Cas out for that. Normally, if they’re going to do anything
And if the entries in his journal are anything to go by, he’s been in love with Dean for quite a while. Dean’s about to give up translating when he finds something very...
After several gentle thrusts, Cas gets into a steady rhythm, finding a pace that they both seem to enjoy. Their combined moans and gasps of pleasure start to fill the room as they learn the lines and textures of each other’s bodies. Suddenly, Cas moves
“Anyway, just thought I’d say goodnight. I could probably stay up watching tv for a while longer, but I know Sam will complain if he catches me falling asleep on the couch again.”
Knowing the way things have been going between the angel and his brother, Sam had a sneaking suspicion that tonight was going to end in one of two ways. They were either gonna fight, or...
Cas tries to repeat himself, but Dean quickly cuts him off, sliding out of the bed and getting to his feet.
with such proximity, and the entire interaction confuses him. He recalls their positions in the room, and the way Dean nearly placed his hands on Cas’s hips. Cas doesn’t think he can bring himself to consider what Dean might have done if he hadn’t left.
At some point, Cas’s focus drifts away from the animals of the Earth, to people. Or rather, to one person in particular. Dean grabs a fresh piece of paper to start translating this next bit, writing down his translations as he works. As he reads the translations, he thinks that Cas’s tone has shifted a bit. He’s not talking about honeybees with childish fascination, nor describing the anatomy of cats in a clinical fashion. He almost sounds...
Sam realizes. If history and personal experience are anything to be trusted, Sam knows it can be a dangerous thing when an angel suddenly gets an idea stuck in their head, particularly if that angel is Cas.
kissing Cas. The angel is surprisingly good at kissing, regardless of the style. His frantic, passionate kisses from the other night are just as good as the slow, gentle kisses he bestows upon Dean’s lips now. The boldest thing either of them does is slide their fingertips under the other’s shirt. It’s a small reminder that the heat and excitement are still there, without making them want to take things any further. After about an hour or so, Sam returns, groceries in tow. Dean and Cas accompany him to the kitchen, where Dean pointedly makes comments about all the vegetables Sam bought.
Dean shrugs, then nods. Cas hums thoughtfully. He recalls the detailed bar Dean had dreamed up. It wouldn’t be
So, Dean decides he’ll only keep it long enough to see if there’s anything interesting written inside. But until Sam leaves, he has to play it casual.
He tidies up his work space a little bit and follows Cas inside. While Cas heads for the kitchen, Dean goes to the bathroom to wash up. He scrubs the dirt and grease off his hands, then walks to his and Cas’s room so he can change into some fresh clothes. He bends down to take off his work boots and suddenly the pain in his back returns.
things Dean’s ever experienced. He can still move his jaw, and blink, and talk. He’s free to move his arms and legs as much as he wants—and he
the one crying, but when Cas breaks away, Dean can clearly see tears trailing down Cas’s cheeks. A pang of guilt rips through his chest as Dean reaches up and wipes them away.
I feel like Dean would be very protective of anything Cas wants to get when they all go shopping together, so of course he would be protective here.
a room, and Cas couldn’t be more pleased about it. Much to Cas’s disappointment though, Dean never stays the night, he always pads back over to his own bedroom to get some sleep. However, after a few months of wondering how to fix this one little problem, Cas thinks he finally has the solution. It comes late one night, after they stay up until almost two in the morning watching Dr. Sexy, M.D. reruns.
“I wanted to show you that I know how you feel,” Dean says, gesturing towards the papers in Cas’s hands. “I...I know what you want.”
“Hey, Dean. I need your help. Cas’s door is open and his light is on, but I can’t find him anywhere. He’s not in the bunker.”
Sam had told him a thousand and one times that they needed to redo the electrical wiring in the bunker. They relied
“Sam...I wish to apologize for last night. I didn’t mean to cause any trouble, it’s just that I couldn’t—”
Dean makes a noncommittal grunt, turning his attention back to making dinner. He looks around the kitchen, making sure they’re still completely alone.
Cas hushes Dean, pulling him in for a tight embrace. He strokes the back of Dean’s head, soothing him.
Dean raises an eyebrow, turning to look in Cas’s direction despite the fact that it’s too dark to see him.
The hunter clears his throat and tries to turn his attention back to the computer. Cas leans in even closer, practically draping himself over Dean. He plants a slow, deliberate kiss on the side of Dean’s neck. It’s gentle, but the meaning is clear. Dean licks his lips nervously. Cas kisses him again, this time a bit more insistently. That kiss leads to another, then another, then Cas discovers a sensitive spot on his neck, just below his ear. Dean lets out a low moan at that, but it’s quickly drowned out by the sound of someone very loudly and very indignantly clearing their throat. Dean and Cas both snap their heads in the direction of the noise, only to find Sam sitting on the couch at the other end of the room, glaring at them.
They openly hold hands at the table, and occasionally lean in for a kiss whenever the mood strikes them. Cas isn’t sure how long they spend doing that, but it doesn’t matter. All that matters is that they’re alone together, and everything feels
is the only one who gets to be a part of Dean’s nighttime routine. He gets to change into a set of pajamas and snuggle up under the covers with him. He gets to have casual conversations about whatever the two of them feel like talking about while he holds Dean close, listening to his breathing and his heartbeat start to slow as he drifts off to sleep.
that gets moved into Cas’s room, it’s certainly not the last addition. It’s subtle, and it happens slowly so as to go largely unnoticed by Dean, but bit by bit, Cas starts keeping some of Dean’s things in his room. It begins with a flannel, but
Dean finds it in the shape of a book he doesn’t recognize. He flips it open, examining it. It doesn’t look particularly old, unlike virtually all the other books in the bunker, but it’s clearly some kind of journal. All of the text is handwritten, largely in pen, and in...
He twists around in Cas’s arms so he can kiss him properly, letting the angel box him in against the bathroom counter. After a moment, Cas steps back from Dean to untie his bathrobe and shrug it off, letting it drop to the floor. He crosses over to the shower and turns on the water, letting it warm up. Cas then returns, his hands slipping beneath Dean’s shirt again, and Dean forgets all about the crow’s feet.
“How can you say that, Cas?” Dean asks. “I mean...you drape yourself around me all the time. Are you
“It’s okay, Feathers,” Dean says softly. “You go to the bathroom and get cleaned up. I’ll take care of this.”
Dean narrows his eyes slightly. Cas gives him a knowing smile, and suddenly Dean understands. He huffs out a laugh.
Cas takes a deep breath, calming himself. He hadn’t meant to stand so close to Dean, and by the time he realized his mistake, it was too late. Cas would have never anticipated that Dean would be so...
more than a few strokes to coat Cas with lube, but seeing the look of pleasure on Cas’s face urges him to keep going.
Dean lets Cas gradually work his mouth open with the press and slide of his lips. He darts his tongue out, desperate for
and Dean cries out, tossing his head back on the pillow. The angel buries his face against the side of Dean’s neck, kissing him as he repeats the same motion over and over. He slows the roll of his hips into Dean, making sure to hit the same spot that made him cry out in pleasure each time.
“Well, you’d better go get packed,” he says. “Make sure to bring enough clothes for about a week and uh...anything else the two of you might need.”
Dean realizes he’s too sleepy to make excuses, and frankly, Cas would see right through them even if he wasn’t. He takes a deep breath, then exhales slowly.
Under normal circumstances, the angel’s question would have made Dean laugh. But right now, he’s too busy thinking about grabbing Jack’s pillow and smothering Sam with it while he sleeps on the couch. Jack glances over his shoulder at Dean and Cas.
His younger brother glances around for a moment, like he’s worried they’re being watched, then leans in.
He relaxes his jaw open wider, silently offering Cas entrance to his mouth. Cas takes it, and Dean makes a
likes the contrast between the two sensations whenever Dean blows him. Rather than question it, Dean has made a point of doing
“Look, Cas. I’m not...I’m not exactly a young man anymore. I mean, I’m in my forties now, and I would have been
Cas slowly leans in for another kiss. This one isn’t as rushed or urgent as some of their previous ones, but it still holds the same passion. They lay like that for a while, exchanging long, slow kisses. Eventually, Cas begins to make his way down from Dean’s lips, to his neck, then shoulder, then chest.
After a moment, the angel reminds himself that Sam is meant to have the other beer he pulled from the fridge and grudgingly leaves the kitchen once more. He walks back out to the library, Sam’s beer in hand. He places it on the table beside Sam and takes a seat, lost in thought. Dean might not like having him in the kitchen, but the evening isn’t a total bust. Cas has learned that Dean likes getting things from him. Even more, Cas apparently likes giving things to Dean.
Dean licks his lips, the fingertips on his left hand just grazing against the fabric of Cas’s sweatpants. Cas looks down at him and this time, Dean meets his gaze. A curious expression passes over Cas’s features, then the angel turns his attention back to the book.
Dean wakes up with a crick in his neck and a strange feeling in the pit of his stomach. The events of the previous night return in a flash—making out with Cas followed by fighting with Cas, then spilling it all to Sam. He slowly rolls over onto his back and stares up at the ceiling. He lets out a loud sigh and runs a hand over his face. Dean’s not sure what time it is, but his brain has decided it’s time for him to be awake and his body is protesting loudly. He reaches over and switches on the small bedside lamp that sits atop his nightstand. He blinks, groaning, as his eyes adjust to the light. Glancing down, Dean realizes that he’s wearing his jeans and t-shirt from the night before.
territorial. He knows, deep down, that he shouldn’t throw himself at Cas and do something that would get all three of them kicked out of the diner—and Dean doesn’t. But
Cas gives him a knowing smile and nods. Without hesitation, Dean starts to trail messy kisses over the angel’s stomach, starting at his ribs and leading down towards his hips. Cas groans softly as Dean slides more fully beneath the covers. He hooks his fingers in the waistband of Cas’s sweatpants, tugging them and his underwear down towards his knees. Dean pauses, looking up at the angel for a brief moment, before disappearing under the covers. By feel, Dean leaves a cluster of kisses on either of Cas’s thighs and hips while one of his hands seeks out Cas’s cock. He gives him a few gentle strokes, getting him worked up and ready to go as he continues to kiss his thighs and lower stomach. He makes the bold move of nipping at one of Cas’s hips, and the angel bucks into his hand.
Thank you so much for reading, I really hope you liked it! The story is almost over, but stick around for the conclusion! It should be up in the next day or so.
Cas stares into his eyes intently for a long moment, trying to understand. Dean’s eyes dart around a little bit, moving from Cas’s lips, to his chest, then back up to his eyes.
specific format. But these,” Sam gestures at the rows of symbols on the page, “are written in straight lines. Which, I have to say, is very
he assures Dean. “I just think that maybe you should take a step back, that’s all. Jack’s gonna have to grow up at some point, and he can’t hide under the covers with you every time there’s a thunderstorm or when he thinks there’s monsters in his closet.”
Before he can do that, however, he’s stopped by a little voice in his head that sounds suspiciously like his younger brother.
Dean settles back down against Cas’s chest. Cas strokes his hair gently, then presses a kiss to the top of Dean’s head.
to give him earlier that morning—or he wants to make Dean moan in pleasure. Either potential meaning sounds
“Exactly,” Sam replies. “They search for specific materials depending on what their exact species is, meaning different birds will build different nests.”
Cas stretches up to kiss the top of Dean’s head and they lapse into comfortable silence. Eventually, Cas shifts the ice pack to the other side of Dean’s neck. Dean quickly takes advantage of the opportunity this gives him, turning his head to kiss Cas’s lips. They stay like that for a while, trading slow kisses until the ice pack inevitably thaws out. When Cas deposits the ice pack on Dean’s nightstand, he picks up the bottle of aspirin, offering it to Dean.
“I’m sorry, Baby,” he says, leaning over to collect the stray screwdriver. “It’s okay, let’s get rid of that.”
“Yeah, you know. Get out of the bunker for an evening, go see a movie, go to a bar, I don’t know—just
“Anyway, my point is, they usually go through a nesting phase so they can, you know, raise offspring and whatnot.”
what Cas seems to enjoy, just like he’s doing now. One minute, he sucks at him eagerly, and in the next, he teases him, getting Cas more and more riled up each time. If anything, Dean’s grateful for the opportunity it gives him to catch his breath whenever he needs it, because frankly, angels have
is someone he’s not allowed to have. And now that that notion has been completely stripped away, Cas doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do. He knows what he
“Well then, I think you need to go get ready, Sunshine,” he grins. “I’ll meet you in the kitchen, and then we’ll both head out.”
but he manages to stop himself. He scratches his chin, recalling some of the words he’d accidentally glimpsed in Cas’s journal that morning.
“Yeah, yeah...you keep working, Feathers,” Dean yawns. “And feel free to keep translating out loud...love your voice.”
if he pinned him against the door and had his way with him. And for a second, Cas considers doing just that. He quickly decides against it.
For the better part of two weeks after that, Dean would occasionally catch Cas staring at him with that same, strange expression. The angel never said anything though, and eventually things went back to normal. He was never mean to Dean, and he didn’t treat him any differently, even if he did seem to fidget a bit more in Dean’s presence at first. Dean wrote it off as being part of an
It’s Sam’s turn to frown, and Dean chuckles lightly to himself, taking a sip of his coffee. A few moments later, Cas enters the room. It’s subtle, but Dean knows his efforts have already paid off. One of Cas’s eyebrows raises ever so slightly, the corners of his lips quirking up into a small smile. He doesn’t bother to announce his presence, he merely walks over to the table, sidling up to Dean. Cas’s arms wrap loosely around his neck and shoulders as he drapes himself over Dean. He presses a kiss to Dean’s temple, then rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder. Cas nuzzles under his ear and Dean can tell he’s picked up on the cologne.
—Cas let out a pleased hum at that, his thumb stroking along Dean’s cheek. It’s everything Dean imagined a first kiss with Cas would be like—
After several long moments, Cas bottoms out, his hips pressed firmly against Dean. Dean lets out a breath he didn’t realize he’d been holding and Cas groans, stroking Dean’s side. He wraps his legs around Cas, his hands pulling him in for a kiss. When their lips part, Cas leans his forehead against Dean’s, his hand coming up to stroke the hunter’s cheek. They stay like that for a moment, adjusting to how it feels to be so close together. Then slowly, Cas begins to move. He slides out about halfway, then rocks back into Dean. Dean moans at that, encouraging Cas to keep going. He presses kiss after kiss to Cas’s cheeks and jaw, one of his hands running through Cas’s hair. His fingers are still a little messy from the lube, but neither of them care, they’re too preoccupied with how it feels to
He reaches across the bed and imagines that the angel is lying there next to him. Dean contemplates the idea of getting to run a hand over Cas’s chest as the angel stretches out beside him. It’s almost as attractive as the idea of Cas rubbing his back while Dean lays like this, sprawled out on his stomach. Eventually, his thoughts start to drift towards something a little less innocent.
“Yeah, and actually,” he says, holding out the unidentified journal, “I found another book, something I haven’t seen lying around in here. You seen it before?”
with how comfortable Dean is around him. Not long after, they excuse themselves to go watch tv in Cas’s room and the angel can barely contain himself.
I miss when it was just you and me, and we could ditch Sam whenever we wanted to spend a little time alone and not have to worry about the consequences.”
Dean stares down at his shoes, his cheeks taking on a bit of color. Sam looks at him intently. After a moment, he figures it out.
Sam goes grocery shopping for all the ingredients he needs to make a stir-fry for dinner, but Dean doesn’t even care that he’ll almost certainly be having rabbit food later tonight, for two reasons. Reason number one: he’s also gonna get pie for dessert. Reason number two: he gets to go pick out a gift for Cas and surprise him with it. Soon, his master plan will all come together, but for right now, he and Cas are sprawled out on the couch, enjoying some time alone.
“It wasn’t big enough to be a Loch Ness monster,” Sam informs him. “Plus, the killings wouldn’t have added up. If it
“I’m...Ashley,” she responds slowly. “Although...I think there’s been a bit of a misunderstanding...we’re, uh...we’re just gonna go.”
This time, Dean doesn’t ask to come inside, he simply strolls in, a half-full bottle of beer in his hand. While Cas is aware that some humans would see entering someone’s room without explicit permission as an invasion of privacy, he is immensely happy to see that Dean is so comfortable coming into his living space. He’s even more happy when Dean takes a seat at the foot of his bed. He watches as Dean glances around the room.
language. It’s not like listening to French or Italian. If anything, it’s more like listening to slowed-down German.
Dean’s still not entirely sure about that last one. Based on the context, he’d have to guess that either Cas wants a blow job—which ironically, Dean would have been
about their writing,” he explains. “The only time they use plain, linear formatting is when they’re writing something of the
As always, thank you so much for reading! I really hope you had a good time reading this chapter because I had a good time writing it, it was fun.
to cover themselves, Sam turns his back to them and the room finally goes silent. Cas slowly gets out of Dean’s bed and pads over towards the center of the room. He pulls on his sweatpants and t-shirt, then heads for the door. Dean slips under his covers, pulling them up to his chest.
Cas doesn’t know how to respond to that. Dean leans in even further, drawing close enough that Cas can feel the hunter’s hot breath against the side of his neck.
Understanding what Dean wants, Cas laces his fingers with Dean’s, resting their joined hands on top of Dean’s lower stomach. He looks up at Dean, taking the head of his cock into his mouth. Dean lets out a shaky moan, his grip tightening in Cas’s hair. The angel starts to bob his head, taking more of Dean into his mouth with each repetition. His pace is slow, almost tortuously so, but Dean doesn’t even
with each other. Right now, they’re not an angel, or a hunter, or a guardian to a nephilim, or an older brother. They’re just two beings who happen to be on the
because he knows Dean wants him to. He grabs at Dean’s shoulders, breathing a little more heavily. Dean
Wordlessly, Dean pops the dvd in and they both settle into Cas’s bed, sliding under the covers and sinking into the mattress.
and pops back out of the kitchen. Dean finishes cleaning up and heads to the bathroom to see how Cas is doing. When he slips inside, he finds the angel standing awkwardly in front of the sink, trying to clean himself off with a washcloth and failing.
Cas frowns at his mug and takes another sip of coffee. When he eventually looks back at Sam, he’s wearing a puzzled expression.
Cas is about to ask Dean what he was doing just now, but as they walk back out to the main part of the bar, he quickly realizes he doesn’t need to.
Cas makes it to the door of his room when he stops. He glances further down the hallway and smiles to himself. He walks over to Dean’s room, slinging his new duffel bag over his shoulder. The hunter’s door is open, and Cas quickly steps inside, grinning like an idiot. Dean is in the middle of packing, folding a handful of t-shirts and tucking them inside his own duffel. He glances at Cas and furrows his brow.
He figures it’s as close as he’ll ever get to the real thing, especially after seeing Cas’s reaction to Dean admitting he has a thing for guys, not just girls. Sam had been almost
“We were laying in bed together and all of a sudden, you started praying to me in your sleep. So I followed the prayer, and I ended up
“You may have misplaced the book, Cas, but I took it,” Dean tells him. “And when I realized what it was...I
Cas honestly isn’t too sure. He just knows he enjoys the sound of Dean’s voice and the way his lips form the words as he talks. They must stay in the kitchen for a while, because eventually, Dean mentions food. Cas is able to discern that much.
Dean doesn’t seem to hear him. He kisses frantically at Cas’s jaw and neck, pressing himself into the angel. Cas runs a hand along his side.
He pulls away slightly, looking into Cas’s eyes intently. For the first time in days, he sees the unmistakable glint of desire in them.
to Cas’s liking, judging by the low moan that leaves Cas’s lips. He manages to pull a few more moans out of Cas before the angel stops him. He reaches for Dean’s wrist, signaling that Dean needs to quit if he wants things to progress any further. Dean immediately understands, letting his hand slip away from Cas’s cock. Cas shifts between his legs, pushing them up and open a little bit further. He lowers himself down and lines himself up, his hands going to either of Dean’s hips. Then, as slow and smooth as he can manage, Cas pushes himself into Dean. Dean gasps at the initial stretch. He reaches up to grab Cas’s shoulders, desperately trying to ground himself.
happens while Sam’s away. They both agree that poor Sam has been subjected to enough of their affections for each other that day, and he doesn’t need to walk in on anything X-rated.
He guides Dean under the shower head, and Dean sighs as the warm water starts to trickle over his body. Cas slowly runs his fingers through Dean’s hair, letting it get wet. He keeps one arm wrapped around Dean as they share the water, leaning in to kiss him from time to time. When they’re both soaked from head to toe, Cas decides to start getting them cleaned up. He lathers shampoo in Dean’s hair, using his fingertips to massage the areas he tugged at harshly only a little while earlier. Dean leans into the touch, letting out pleased hums as Cas rubs at his scalp. When he’s finished, Cas then shampoos his own hair, smiling at Dean as they stand close together in the shower. They rinse the shampoo out of their hair, and somehow end up with their lips locked together in the process. When they break apart, Dean is hugging Cas against him, laughing gently. Cas strokes a hand along Dean’s side.
easier to slip his hand under a cotton t-shirt than it is a button up, a suit jacket, and a trench coat. He rakes his fingertips over the sensitive skin on Cas’s stomach and Cas shivers. He grabs at Dean’s sides, turning his head to look up at him.
the quip would upset him, especially when Sam is chuckling good-naturedly at him like he always does when they start taunting each other.
“Cas, tell me you didn’t give up your grace,” he manages through gritted teeth. “Tell me you didn’t do something like that because of a
on him, and it quickly becomes apparent to Dean that Cas is being similarly affected by what they’re doing.
Dean finally looks up at Cas and gingerly reaches a hand towards him, cupping his face. The angel gazes at him, wide-eyed. Dean inches a little closer.
Sam has just finished chopping up the celery when Dean stumbles into the kitchen. He already took care of the onion Dean got halfway through, now he just needed to chop the mushrooms up. He glances in Dean’s direction.
like it was earlier. Dean presses himself into Cas at each touch, but it’s more out of a desire to be close to the angel than out of desperation. Every time they have to pull away for air, they quickly find their way back to each other, wanting to stay in this gentle rhythm for as long as they can. At some point, things start to pick up, with Dean grabbing at Cas’s shirt and Cas kneading lightly at Dean’s hips. When they draw back to look at each other, Dean’s cheeks are flushed a bright pink, and Cas’s eyes are
He frowns. Cas steps over to Dean, wrapping an arm around him. He rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder as Dean continues to stare disdainfully at the stir-fry Sam made.
Cas slowly makes his way over to the coffee machine. He grabs a mug out of one of the cabinets and pours a healthy dose of coffee into it. To Sam’s surprise, he doesn’t add any cream or sugar to it, he simply replaces the coffee pot and takes a sip from his mug. After a long moment, he seems to relax slightly. He glances in Sam’s direction.
Cas hums, watching the way Dean’s face contorts in pleasure as he starts scissoring his fingers in and out of him, stretching him open wider. He licks his lips, giving Dean a particularly
like going to a real bar, but it would probably be close enough. After a moment, the hunter clears his throat.
Cas then tries to learn about cooking. He reads about it, watches videos about it, and even asks Dean about it. One night, while the hunter is making dinner, Cas decides to watch him and have a conversation about why Dean does what does with the food they eat. For example, why does Dean boil the water for pasta? Is there
Cas plants a long, passionate kiss on Dean’s lips by way of response. When they break apart, Dean bites his lip in anticipation. He glances pointedly at his bed beside them, then back at Cas.
Dean slowly digests this information. Cas presses another kiss to his lips, grabbing at Dean’s sides.
“Yeah, uh. I wanted to say sorry for basically dissing your cooking this morning,” the younger Winchester offers.
With that, he heads to his own room, leaving Dean to select a movie. Dean pulls out the first title that catches his eye and hurries back to Cas’s room, hoping Cas doesn’t suspect anything. If the angel thinks he took too long, he doesn’t let it show. He simply smiles at Dean when the hunter returns and inquires what they will be watching. As it turns out, they’ll be watching ‘Tombstone,’ and Cas seems surprisingly pleased with that.
Just when Sam thinks he can relax, Cas decides to dial things up a notch. To be perfectly honest, Sam’s a little surprised. Okay, he’s
It wasn’t a quirk he’d always had, but upon taking over the bunker, Dean slowly developed all kinds of new behaviors, this being one of them. Cas feels a small tug of guilt. He steps closer to Dean. Dean shifts back slightly, but doesn’t move away. Cas stops about a pace or so away from him, then does something that catches Dean completely off-guard. He reaches for Dean’s shoulders, and pulls him in for a hug. Dean’s breath catches as the angel draws him in closer, burying his face against the top of Dean’s shoulder. After recovering from shock, Dean slowly wraps his arms around Cas’s middle, leaning his head against Cas’s temple. They stay like that for a moment, then Cas pulls away, his hands coming up to cup Dean’s face.
Already having changed into the dark gray hoodie and matching sweatpants Dean bought for him, Castiel takes the time to walk back down the sand to look out over the ocean.
Silence. Dean can practically feel the unspoken words. Seems like it’s Cas’ turn to be bad at expressing his feelings. He turns to face Cas, one hand slung over the steering wheel and the other in between them.
“Other angels have called it a weakness. They used it against me so many times, you know. You were there for some of them. The fact that I cared about humans is what made me different, but it was my love for you that made me unique. Made me
Looking up, Dean can clearly see against the cream-colored ceiling how frayed they are, messy like Cas had been flying for too long, messy like Cas’ hair when he wakes up.
Dean tells Cas more about Sam, about how they live together in a nice apartment and how he’s proud of his brother for working so hard to become a lawyer. They talk about how they each met Charlie (Dean at a college LARPing event and Cas at the first venue his band played with the Wayward Sisters) and mutually thank her for bringing them together.
He hears typing and his phone pings against his face with a text notification. It’s Castiel’s number, followed by a series of very angry emojis.
Really, it was just an extension of how they’d been before: the lingering gazes now ended in pecks on the cheek, the shoulder touching moved down the arm to hand holding.
This particular kiss is deep, slow, filled with a heat it couldn’t have been with other people around to bear witness. It’s like the ones they save for totally private moments, when Jack is away at Sam and Eileen’s, when there are no wayward hunters taking refuge in the bunker with them, snacking on Dean’s baked goods (he was getting really good - they’d even had people stop by just for his cinnamon rolls).
Dean makes a noise of agreement. “Then the highlights? Tell me what dinosaurs looked like, at least.”
Dean stares up at the opening band, introduced to the crowd as “Castiel.” He’s impressed with how flushed out the instrumental section is. Along with the drummer, guitarist, and bassist, there’s also a trumpeter, cellist, keyboardist, and two violinists. They’re all similarly dressed in business casual wear, with button downs in varying colors. They’re standing still, looking down as a low reddish light fades in on them. The center of the stage is empty for a moment, then a man with no instruments walks into the space. Dean reasons he’s who Charlie mentioned, and boy was she right.
Unlike Dean, he had been many times. But he wasn’t going to brag about it. Most of that time had been spent in quiet observation rather than in volleyball tournaments anyway, so he doubted Dean wanted to hear about it.
“I never really learned about this kinda stuff. Honestly I don’t know much about the natural world, y’know? Too focused on the supernatural.”
Sam suggests a restaurant close by. Dean doesn’t catch the name because Cas is staring at him again. In the sharper unfiltered light of the backstage area, Castiel’s eyes reflect a lighter shade. An icy blue rather than a stormy one. It makes his already intense gaze even more so. There’s a little more discussion between the others, so the stare lasts a while. Normally this much eye contact would make anyone look away for a moment out of embarrassment or just plain awkwardness, but Dean feels himself holding the stare again.
It’s a fucking miracle that Dean’s entire milkshake doesn’t come spurting out his nose. He prays to every deity he can think of to not completely choke.
In fact, he takes it as his cue to go a little further. He runs his fingers under the hem of Dean’s shirt and hoodie, pushing them up so he can explore Dean’s torso with one hand.
Dean parks in front of the address Cas gave him. He gets out of his car, leaning against the hood. He texts
Jack waves at the brothers, turning to leave, but Dean grabs his hand. Jack looks at Dean, the picture of benevolence. Dean closes his eyes and sighs deeply before looking at this kid.
“I must apologize for teasing you yesterday, Dean. Charlie told me you’d be easily flustered and I admit I wanted to see if it was true.”
Further along, they walk through a flock of birds. They’re not seagulls, so Dean doesn’t recognize them. He asks Cas if he knows what they’re called, and yes, he does. The small gray and white ones with black beaks are sanderlings, specifically
This would be the first time since he got it that his new handprint tattoo would be out in the sun. He swore it was completely healed - this wasn’t his first tattoo after all - but Cas insisted that Dean still moisturize it daily (it was less of a pain than it sounded, since he could usually convince Cas to do it for him which often led to other fun activities).
Castiel follows him further. He stops when the water reaches his Enochian tattoo, and Dean wades back towards him.
The light from the moon illuminates the beach so they have an easy time finding their way. It glints off the foam of the waves. The sand is cool under their feet.
“No worries, it’s a pretty weird name,” Castiel says. “It’s not a stage name, either. Quite interesting, no?” He looks directly at Dean, like he’s waiting for him to say something stupid again.
Cas finally opens his eyes. He smiles, and falls to his knees. Dean’s immediately at his side. Sam rushes over just a moment later.
Thanks for reading! I wrote this after the finale because I just needed to get out SOMETHING to make myself feel better. It's canon that Dean and Cas are spending eternity in heaven together. It's canon. *screams into the void* I have like 3 other ideas for how this could go down, and I might write them one day. Focusing on some AU stuff for the moment, tho.
He had thought briefly about what that meant for who he was, how he saw himself. Well, Dean realized that here, none of that really mattered. He had no one to impress, no one to disappoint. Nothing to worry about, truly. One of the perks of this place, he assumed. None of society’s expectations go to heaven.
“Do you like classic rock?” Now, this was an important question. It could make or break their relationship. Rock was almost as important to Dean as his car.
Shit. He didn’t mean to sound so sincere. He couldn’t help it, not with Cas looking at him like that. He hears Charlie giggle. Cas is smiling at him, eyes wide open. Fuck. He clears his throat.
“It’s fine,” Cas reassures him, thumb smoothing Dean’s jawline. Dean looks away for a moment, and when he looks back Cas places a kiss on his nose, giving him another freckle. Dean turns to lay him down on the bed. Still not fully believing, but knowing he can’t win, he sighs.
Dean blushes thinking of all the shit talking he’d just done with the other guys in the shop, and with Castiel over text,
Cas tips the mic towards Dean’s lips, raising his eyebrows to encourage Dean to join him. Dean doesn’t have to focus too hard to sing along, he knows the song perfectly. Anyway, he doesn’t think he’d be able to focus with his lap full of hot dude.
“Yeah,” Sam swoops in to save his brother, thank God. “Totally. So, you guys up for some food or do you have some stuff to finish up here?”
Cas looks up at Dean through his lashes, slightly surprised at the ease Dean had finding the word, then straightens and tilts his head. He thinks for a moment.
“Leave him alone,” Cas says protectively. He sounds incredibly fierce, righteously furious even in the face of this overwhelmingly powerful entity.
Jack glows with power for just a moment, the air around him crackling like lightning about to strike, then Cas is standing in front of them. His eyes are closed, face scrunched up and hand blocking the sun like he hasn’t seen light in ages. Dean realizes that’s probably the truth, remembering the vast darkness of the Empty. Then Dean remembers what happened in the Empty, and his throat feels like it’s filled with cotton again.
“Then we’ll be fine. So, Dean,” he begins, completely ignoring the baffled look on Dean’s face, “I have another performance this weekend. I’d love for you to attend.”
He says it like it’s the simplest truth in the universe. And, really, it is. It still hits Dean like a truck.
“We’re going swimming,” Castiel says enthusiastically, letting go of one of Dean’s hands to sign as much to Eileen when he sees her look up at them.
Now that he knows for sure what he’s suspected is true, Dean’s confidence rises. He gets even closer to Cas. He can hear him breathing, can just barely feel Cas’ breath on his face. He looks down at their hands for a moment, then back up at this idiot angel in front of him. Dean threads his fingers through Cas’. It feels right. He takes his other hand and turns Cas’ face back towards his. Cas looks surprised, almost confused, at the touch.
“Is it ‘interesting’?” Dean does air quotes, mocking what Cas said about Baby. It earns him a chuckle as Cas opens the passenger door and gets out.
The way they fit together made Dean sometimes wonder if they were made for each other, if they were always meant to be together. Something unbearably poetic or romantic like that. But then he thinks no, nothing about this is destiny or fate or someone’s grand design. They’d fought against that. Defeated it.
Cas scrunches his nose once. “It’s the Christian upbringing, no? My angel namesake? Well, I assure you, Dean, I’m not some repressed virginal blushing angel.”
“Charlie?” Cas says, putting his arm back around her and ruffling her hair. “Are the ladies coming as well?”
Cas laughs behind him, placing a kiss on the back of Dean’s head. He stops the massage but continues with the sunscreen. He takes extra care to add multiple layers to Dean’s left shoulder.
Dean realizes he’s been quiet, thinking things over once again. Cas -wonderful, wonderful Cas - lets him. Dean’s never been quite so good at expressing himself, and Castiel knows that. After Cas’ confession, Dean finally saw that the angel understands him (better than he understands himself, most likely). He feels a wave of affection flow through him at that. Dean lets the feeling push the words out of him.
“…‘oh’?” Dean looks over at him. Cas looks anywhere but Dean, and when he does look back, it’s almost shy, and the beginnings of a blush have appeared on his cheeks.
“Dean, you know I could never stay mad at you. And…I wasn’t expecting you to respond. I wasn’t even expecting Jack to save me. I thought that was going to be the end for me. I knew it was a lot to put on you, and I understand how overwhelming it was, but I needed to say it before I died. I didn’t need to hear it then.”
They shift as Castiel does, mirroring the slight movement of his back and shoulders as he fits himself more snugly against Dean’s chest. Cas’ breathing has almost slowed into the deep sighing of sleep, but Dean isn’t done quite yet.
Dean immediately responds by running his tongue over Cas’ bottom lip. Cas grabs his jacket collar and pulls him in closer, responding with his own tongue in Dean’s mouth. Cas tastes ethereal. He is an angel, after all.
Before he goes to work the next morning, Dean calls Charlie. It’s 7am, which is a reasonable time for him but he knows it’s early for most people (especially his best friend, who likes to sleep in after her performances). On second thought, he should have just texted her, but the phone’s already ringing. He still hopes she picks up, because he has a very urgent matter to discuss with her.
Dean dives under a wave while Castiel hops up to float over it. He tries to spot Dean under the foam, but isn’t able to. Then he feels hands on his hips, and Dean pops up right in front of his face.
Nothing in the rest of the set is nearly as slow and hypnotizing as the first song, but Dean hardly ever looks away from the singer, hoping to catch his eye again.
Suddenly, Cas is moving, twisting himself around in Dean’s arms. When Cas stops, Dean renews his grip, holding fistfuls of trench coat as tightly as he can. Cas must be facing Dean now, but he still can’t see anything. He can feel, though. He feels hands on the sides of his face. Palms cradling his jaw. Thumbs rubbing circles into his cheeks. Fingers carding through the hair just behind his ears.
Dean leans down, flush against Cas’ warm and waiting body. He runs his hand through the angel’s hair, staring intently at Cas’ mouth. Dipping his head down, Dean traps Cas’ bottom lip between his own, gently sucking it into his mouth. Cas sighs as if he’d been waiting for a long time. Dean tries to start off slowly, still thinking about the wings, but Cas turns his head, opening his mouth.
Out of habit, Dean starts humming along to the lyrics. Cas notices and asks, “Do you have any musical proclivities?”
Castiel takes the opportunity to let his eyes travel over Dean’s body, admiring the splattering of freckles across his chest. He lingers over Dean’s middle, which has gotten a bit squishy in their time being retired, which Castiel loves. It showed him that Dean was safe and healthy, eating more than he would if he was stressed or on endless hunts. He almost reaches out to poke Dean in the side, but he resists.
Bobby stoops down to grab the phone and hands it back. “If you say so.” He’s got that twinkle in his eye that tells Dean Bobby knows exactly what kind of text he’s waiting on. He turns to walk back to his office
He means to say more, he swears he does, but he knows he has time to later. To start, all he can say is the truth.
Castiel knows he’s done the same - gone back and played a scene out differently with only the tiniest of changes. Another sigh from his side makes him rest his head against Dean’s.
Dean probably pulled into the parking lot a little too quickly, judging by the look a surfer sitting in the back of a pickup gave him. He made sure to park far away from the guy.
Dean’s brain instantly goes into super domestic territory. Cas bringing him lunch, kissing him on the forehead, making friends with his coworkers. That sounds nice. The thought goes on to imagining living with Cas, going to all his shows, going home with him after the shows,
“Dean.” The desperation in Cas’ voice makes Dean hesitate. But he can’t, he can’t let go. He pulls Cas closer, resting his forehead on the back of Cas’ neck.
They pass the time amicably, everyone talking and in good spirits. The food is the typical fare, and Dean gets a fantastic burger with a chocolate milkshake. Gabe starts to recount a particularly wild night at a venue who had assumed they’d only play gospel music. The subject causes a lot of crosstalk, Gabe’s band members piping up to correct him and the Wayward Sisters interjecting with their own similar stories. Dean has nothing to add so he sits back to enjoy the stories and his milkshake. Cas takes the opportunity to turn his attention to Dean.
Cas’ wings flex, mirroring the fluttering of his heart at the words. It isn’t the first time Dean has said this, but each time is special. Unfortunately, this one is particularly strange.
Cas gets up as the song ends, standing in front of the table. His hair is even more messed up than usual and his tie is further askew. He bows deeply. Dean stares at him, dazed. His brain isn’t completely booted back up yet, so he can’t find the words. Any words, in fact, so he just starts applauding. Cas bows again.
When their eyes do lock again, the music has gone quiet but for the finger-light strum of a violin. The singer’s lips ghost over the mic as he whispers the last verse.
He knows it’s not. He can feel it. He just needs Cas to say so, to validate what he’s known for a long time. Cas starts fidgeting, one hand grabbing at the seat leather between them, looking anywhere but at Dean.
His efforts are rewarded when Cas almost purrs, his whole body reverberating with the small, pleased sound as he let his wings and shoulders relax under Dean’s touch. Dean chuckles happily, deep in his chest.
Castiel spots a striped shore crab in the tide pools of Abalone Cove. It scuttles under a rock when the shadow of his finger passes over it as he points it out to Jack.
It’s abrupt, but not unwelcome. Dean is holding on quite tightly, fistfuls of feathers in each hand. Cas wraps his arms around him, trying to soothe Dean by rubbing his back with one hand, still unsure as to what Dean is thinking about. Cas is immediately worried when he hears Dean let out a shuddering breath, so he pulls back to get a look at the hunter’s face. His cheeks are wet.
Cas finally meets his eyes, like they’ve done a thousand times. But Dean sees a new expression on Cas’ face, and feels his heart sink. How nervous Cas is definitely takes center stage, but it’s the faint hint of fear that strikes Dean. After all this time, after hearing Dean say he loves him too, Cas was still afraid of…what?
Jack asks why the sky changes colors like that. Cas gives an incredibly detailed and scientific explanation, discussing the bending of light at different wavelengths through the atmosphere. Dean watches them fondly. He turns an equally fond look to Sam and Eileen, silently signing to each other. She’s sitting in Sam’s lap on the beach chair.
At some point Cas had practically begged him to stop asking questions riddled with self-doubt. Things like “You sure? Me? Really?” were always met with the same answer, sweet and sincere: “I’m sure. You. Really.” Then Cas would kiss his forehead, or hold his hand, or let him have the last chocolate chip cookie, and he’d know it was true.
Castiel found it interesting that humanity was able to travel through space better than through Earth’s oceans, that more people had been on the moon than had seen the bottom of the Mariana Trench.
“Yeah, I did. I’ve gotten to know him really well while we’ve been performing together, and he’s really cool. AND I knew you’d think he’s dreamy. Was I right, or was I right?” She waggles her eyebrows at him.
Cas wags a finger at him. “Talent isn’t the point of karaoke, Dean. The point is to have fun. Let loose. I’m sure you sorely need that.”
“C’mere,” he says, opening his arms up and making a beckoning motion with his hands towards where Cas stands.
They talk over each other a few more times before Dean raises a hand. “Let’s just…think for a sec, ‘kay?”
Cas was also helping Dean see himself the way Cas saw him, the way all the people who love him saw him. Dean is a good man. He’d done so much for the world, so much for the people he cared about. And he does deserve nice things.
Cas finally breaks it when he looks down at Charlie pushing him towards the door. Once again, Dean weirdly feels like he misses the man’s eyes on him.
“Cas,” Dean cuts him off, sensing Cas’ incoming deflection. “We have eternity. There’s no point not telling me the whole truth.” He pauses for a moment before adding, “You deserve everything you want.”
Dean walks to where the sand starts to slope down to the water, so if they sit they won’t be seen from the sidewalk. He lays the blanket down and lies back on it.
“Oh, so you’re bragging now?” Dean chides, muffled by the food in his mouth and the spoon hanging from his lips.
A few days go by while they wait for Castiel’s car to be out of the shop. Dean swears he’s being patient, but he catches himself before asking when they can go on a second date at least twice a day.
Dean hears the challenge in Cas’ voice, so he picks “Dazed and Confused,” thinking he’ll catch Cas stumbling on the ah-ah’s towards the middle of the song. But when the initial bass line comes in, Cas gets up slowly, moving in a practiced way. Dean knows he fucked up when Cas perfectly hits every note in the first verse.
Dean rolls his eyes. He knows she means well, that she is a very good friend who’s just concerned, but he was hesitant to get into a big deep discussion just before a first date. So he tries deflecting.
Dean throws a leg over Cas and sits in his lap. Cas keeps the intense stare on Dean’s face, but Dean can tell he’s not sure what to do with his hands, still probably a little nervous. Dean lightly grips Cas’ wrists, putting his hands first on his knees then slowly dragging them upwards over his thighs and pushing them back down. When Cas gets the idea, Dean moves his hands to hold each side of Cas’ face. It’s all so gentle but so intense. It’s, to be incredibly cliché, too much and not nearly enough. He kisses Cas again with much more purpose this time.
Dean never came out to John, and was glad he hadn’t. The bastard didn’t deserve to really know who he was. That was something he reserved for the people that really loved him, like Sam, Bobby. Like Charlie.
It’s a short few blocks from the hotel back to the beach. When they reach the sand, Cas glances at the empty lifeguard tower. “Is this allowed?”
“You brought a HUMAN? How is he even HERE? Castiel, of all the - wait. Waaaait, wait, wait, wait.” The being chuckles. It’s an even worse noise than the thing just talking. “No, this is THEE human, isn’t it, Castiel?” Dean feels Cas’ grip on him tighten. “The one you just…oh this is hilarious! Hellooo, Dean,” the voice says. Hearing his name does it. He lets go of Cas with one hand, still afraid of letting go completely, and covers one ear, crying out.
for christssake. Just from hearing Cas’ voice he’s already shifting around in his seat. As if on cue, during one break Cas moves to sit next to Dean. He puts a hand on Dean’s thigh and keeps singing.
Cas stops walking, turning to fully face Dean with a serious look. “Don’t discredit yourself, Dean. You’re very smart. You didn’t have much of a formal education yet you still know so much. I would even rate the practical, useful knowledge you have over my list of factoids, because why would you ever need to know that scallops have up to 200 eyes unless you’re trying to impress someone with fun facts?”
choice, which Dean believes makes what they choose from now on even better. He chose Cas. And Cas chose him, too.
“No, that’s why I asked you to come over,” Dean says, holding up two shirts. “Does Cas have a favorite color?”
When Cas is done he leans forward, putting his arms around Dean’s middle. He rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder. “Done.”
They return to Jack and Sam hitting a beach ball back and forth, Eileen reading under the umbrellas. Dean runs up to steal the ball and sprints away with it, Sam on his heels. Cas joins Eileen.
Castiel’s wings fill the room. They are spread lazily wide, covering the ceiling and ghosting the walls on either side of the room. So that’s the reason for the lights.
“Actually, yeah. Been keepin’ her up and running for a long time. It’s what lead me to become a mechanic.”
Dean opens his  mouth to interrupt her, to say he had been with a man before, but she holds up a finger. “No, what you had with Benny doesn’t count.”
, but he knows Cas knows why. Sam wasn’t there to hold him back this time. He would follow Cas anywhere.
Jack smiles at him and Cas feels wonderful. Happy. So very happy. Eileen is smiling too, probably feeling something similar.
“Hmmph.” Cas smushes his face into Dean’s chest and lets his whole weight fall on Dean, his arms splayed out on either side of them. “You’re probably right,” he murmurs into Dean’s sweatshirt.
Dean squeezes tighter before slapping him hard on the back. “Okay,” he says as he lets go. He wipes the tears from his eyes. “Go on, then.” Dean shoos him away with the flick of his hand. “Find your gal.”
“All right. Let’s start with something classic,” Cas says around the French fry sticking out of his mouth. Dean opens the substantially large song book, starting at “A” and running his finger down the list of AC/DC songs, but Cas stops him. “Not classic rock, classic karaoke.” He takes the book from Dean and flips to F. He finds Fall Out Boy and punches the code for “Sugar, We’re Going Down” into the machine. He looks to Dean for approval. “You know this one?”
To Dean’s delight, there is a small aquarium at the end of the pier. They put their shirts on and step inside.
Cas’ hands gain confidence as they move from Dean’s thighs to his sides, his back, his arms. He feels Cas squeeze a bicep and hum appreciatively against his mouth. It’s Dean’s turn to make an appreciative noise when Cas’ hands reach his chest. The brush of Cas’ fingers against his nipples, even through his shirt, is a
Cas is still staring at his mouth, which makes Dean almost up it to PG-13, but then he flicks his eyes up to Dean’s. “Ah. This is not because you’re embarrassed to be seen with me?”
The first thing he did when he got out of the car was change his shoes, throwing his boots into the trunk and grabbing some flip flops. He fed the meter an entire roll of quarters before helping everyone gather their things.
Lyrics quoted: Led Zeppelin (1969) "Good Times Bad Times" from Led Zeppelin; Fall Out Boy (2005) "Sugar, We're Going Down" from From Under the Cork Tree; Led Zeppelin (1969) "Dazed and Confused" from Led Zeppelin
The “feather frenzy” vaults Cas’ body up to meet Dean’s. Their chests slap hotly, faces inches apart, the force of it making them grunt. Cas wobbles on his wings, so he grabs at Dean to steady himself, his right hand automatically going over the scar on Dean’s shoulder, his left wrapping around Dean’s back. Steadied and still panting, Cas looks up at him.
Dean scoots a bit closer. He doesn’t want to go in too strong, so he moves his hand until his fingers are touching Cas, just barely. Cas doesn’t pull his hand away. The nervousness stays, but Dean sees the fear melt off Cas’ face and he knows the slight gesture worked. Good. He has to reassure Cas that he’s not going anywhere.
“Yeah, it’s just me and him. Mom died when I was four and Dad died a few years ago. That’s when I got the car.” Dean surprises himself. He doesn’t usually tell people this on the first date, but something about Cas’ eyes on him made him feel like it was okay to talk about anything. He almost goes on to talk about his dad, how he died while drunk driving, how he was horrible at parenting. He blames it on the song.
He puts his arm around Castiel and turns him towards the car. He leaves his arm there as they walk across the sand, still warm despite the lack of sunlight. Cas lifts his hand to hold Dean’s where it rests on his shoulder.
The phone rings once, twice, three times before he hears a very groggy-sounding voice on the other end of the line say, “Why are you calling me at this ungodly hour?”
Now he stands with Cas at the water’s edge, their bare shoulders touching, shirts tucked into the back pockets of their swimsuits. Dean knows Cas could stand still for hours, days even, but he’s getting restless. He looks to the south and spots a small pier about a mile away.
“On Earth, I wanted to…be with you. Spend time with you. I wanted to go wherever you went. I wanted to be there when you- when you died, but now…”
“They weren’t there once,” he starts. Cas feels a faint ache in his back at the memory, and his hand falls.
Dean ends with “or whatever” because he still has no idea what they should do. Sure, a dinner date would be the typical go-to, but he feels like that might bore Cas and that’s the last thing he wants to do. Although he’s not sure
Dean argues for poker but Eileen talks him out of it, citing that the hunters would probably have an unfair advantage against Cas and Jack. They settle on a few rounds of blackjack without betting, despite Dean trying to get some started using the various snacks they’d brought with them (if some snacks are handed over wordlessly between the brothers as they play, no one comments on it).
They sit in their boxers facing each other, legs crossed on the bare mattress. Dean looks at Cas’ wings with wonder in his eyes, and Cas tries not to blush under the scrutinizing gaze.
alone. You know the deal, Castiel. It’s time. I’ll spit him back out if you come quietly. And I MEAN quietly, you absoLUTely exASperating thing.”
He sometimes thought about the more philosophical reasons why they turned their eyes upward rather than down. When he started to spend more time around humans, he started to develop some hypotheses. Maybe humans want to look to the future, and the past is in the ocean. Life started there. Maybe they didn’t want to face Creation, but wanted to Create.
They found a spot away from most of the other people and set up camp. Once the blankets were laid out and the umbrellas stuck in the sand, Dean surveyed their surroundings. He spotted a small building with the words “Surf Food Stand” painted on a surfboard above a serving window, and realized it was in fact lunchtime.
Dean can feel the anger radiating off the being. It’s primeval fury, and it’s all directed at Cas. Directed at Cas, but because of him. He snakes his arms around Cas in a vain attempt to protect the angel. He puts his palms to Cas’ chest, pressing Cas back against him. Cas grabs hold of one arm and squeezes in wordless thanks.
Suddenly Cas is in Dean’s lap. He moves the mic away from his mouth and asks, “Is this okay?” into Dean’s ear. Even though he knows Cas can feel how very much okay he is with this, Dean grabs Cas’ thighs and nods. Cas smiles and brings the mic back in between them. He starts doing the breathy moans in the song, and Dean thinks choosing this particular entry in Led Zeppelin’s discography was a very, very bad idea. Or…a very, very good one.
Dean was looking forward to seeing Cas wear something other than the business casual button down that he'd seen onstage. He himself was wearing the outfit Charlie helped pick out, along with his lucky underwear (not the pair he wore when he wanted to GET lucky, but the one he wore when he wanted to BE lucky, because he’d be damn lucky if Cas agreed to a second date after this unplanned mess).
“Thank you! We’re Castiel, and that was ‘Hearts a Mess.’ Next up is ‘I Feel Better.’ I better see some feet moving!” he says energetically.
The hotel room is small, but it has everything they need. Two queen beds take up most of the room, but there’s a coffee table with a small two-person sofa at the foot of one, as well as a small desk with one office chair. They had forgone fancier accommodations in order to be as close as possible to the beach. They were lucky they even found one room in this place, most hotels were already booked up. It was summer, after all.
Charlie sends a series of heart emojis and Dean sends a few back before he drives home. Sam’s already asleep when he arrives, so Dean gets ready for bed uninterrupted.
“And Dean?” Cas says breathily directly into his ear, which makes Dean moan and grind down just a bit harder. Fuck, he hopes Cas keeps talking. Wait, right, Cas wants him to respond.
She giggles. “All right. I trust your judgement. Kinda.” She pulls back, holding his shoulders at arms’ length. “I think it’ll be nice for you to be out. Like, literally out of the house. And, y’know…out of the closet.”
The brothers get out of the Impala and stand together, looking back at the road so far. Sam says he’s going to find Eileen. His car is already packed with supplies so he’ll leave right away, and he’s got a good idea of where she might be. Dean says he wants to stay put, maybe run some sort of safe house for hunters in the area, but he doesn’t sound sure. Sam can tell something (or someone) is missing from the picture, even if Dean doesn’t know what (or who) that is. Dean looks over at the sleeping angel in his car and Sam knows what to say.
Eventually, Dean couldn’t take it anymore. He figured Cas wouldn’t just fly away in the middle of a ride (although he could if he wanted to), so he planned this trip for the two of them. They needed some time alone to talk, away from everyone else up here. Dean needed answers if he was going to exist peacefully in heaven. He couldn’t fully appreciate all it had to offer with these questions weighing so heavily on his mind.
He watches the sanderlings run back and forth, making it look as though they’re playing tag with the waves. Dean bends to pick up a small shell, no bigger than the fingernail of his thumb. He examines the alternating bands of oranges and white that mark its surface before offering it to Cas.
“Whoever you are, whatever you are -” Dean starts, but he’s cut off by what feels like cotton in his throat.
Dean looks up at him, his expression lighter as if a small weight had been lifted off his shoulders. Cas grabs Dean’s hands, tightly squeezing them. Dean squeezes back.
“And believe me, I’m flattered that you want me right here right now but - mmph!” Dean’s cut off by Cas covering his mouth with his own.
“Oh, dear, that won’t do.” The being clears its throat. “How’s this?” The voice changes into something Dean’s brain can take. “Better? Good. So, Castiel, are you going to introduce us?” It still makes Dean’s ears ring a bit on certain sounds, like its hitting a frequency just outside of human hearing. The accent is one he’s never heard, completely unidentifiable. Although the being is addressing Cas now, Dean shouts back.
“Yes. Archangel Gabriel you probably know. You also met Zeke and Anna last night. Anna is short for Anael, and Zeke goes by his middle name. His first is actually Gadreel, but he thought that sounded too odd. I like how odd my first name sounds, though.”
Dean plasters a shit-eating grin on his face and gives Cas a suggestive look. “Baby, you know it.” Cas laughs at him and he knows the confident façade didn’t work, but he doesn’t care much. Cas is smiling at him and that’s good enough.
Dean keeps his eyes closed, focusing on the sensation of Cas riding him through it. After a while he feels Cas shudder and collapse onto his chest, their stomachs making a wet, sticky sound as they collide. Cas rests his cheek on Dean’s, still breathing heavily, straight into Dean’s ear.
Cas nods once, like he’d been waiting to see what Dean wanted to talk about and approves of this topic. “I also play piano. I use it to help compose our songs sometimes. How about you, Dean? Do you sing?”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas pants, and it’s almost sinful how far gone he already sounds. Dean promptly goes along with the business of getting Cas out of his pants.
“Of course. But if you need rescuing at any time for any reason, I will be just a phone call away.” She points a finger in his face in mock seriousness. “I’ll make up any bullshit excuse you need. Because I love you.”
Dean also complains about the car at work. It was making such a distinctive sound that he couldn’t figure out what was wrong for the longest time, but was proud of himself for eventually figuring it out. He’s also waiting on parts for it, worried the owner is getting antsy because of how long it’s taking. Cas is sympathetic, but reassures Dean the customer probably understands.
“I help with the music but it’s mostly Gabriel - you met him, he’s the short one - who writes the lyrics. He’s the truly creative one.”
Dean sits cross-legged on their blanket with Cas behind him, rubbing sunscreen into his back. Cas has beautiful, broad hands, and Dean appreciates whenever they’re on him. And when Cas starts digging his thumbs into the knots just under the back of Dean’s neck, Dean makes a noise that has Sam looking over in disgust.
Once he gets over his nerves, Dean gets into it. He thinks he does well, judging by the impressed look on Cas’ face. When he’s done, Cas applauds and Dean bows.
Dean parks the car overlooking the North Rim of this heaven’s Grand Canyon. He sits back in the driver’s seat for a moment, sighing. He looks out over the vast expanse of rock and river. He takes a moment to marvel at the deep reds and oranges of the stone, the river glinting in the distance. The scrub brushes and juniper trees on the lip of the canyon sway in a slight breeze. The chill in the air through the Impala’s open windows gives Dean the impression that the person this section of heaven was crafted for had an affinity for spring. Cas had done that crafting, he realizes. It’s awesome, in the old meaning of the word. Awe-inspiring. He’s still looking out when he begins talking.
Dean pulls a pack of cards out of his bag and slaps it down on the coffee table. He drags the chair over to the table for Cas and sits with Sam on the floor in front of the table, Jack and Eileen taking the sofa.
Dean thinks fondly on when he told Bobby he was bisexual. He took it better than Dean could have hoped for, and his coworkers had taken it in stride as well. Dean thought Bobby had gone a little big with the rainbow Pride flag hanging in the front office building of the shop, above the counter on a string with a few local sports teams’ flags. But if that made a customer feel more comfortable - or, alternatively, stopped someone from using their services - then Dean was all for it.
He prepares to hear something like all angels love humanity, they’re supposed to, or even a throwaway “it’s beyond your comprehension.” But that’s not what Cas gives him.
“Dean!” Cas has to shout over the growing distress of the man sitting in front of him. He puts a reassuring smile on his face. “It’s okay. I know.”
Nice things like someone who loves him unconditionally and without reserve. Nice things like seeing his brother finally escape the life and settle down with an awesome woman. Nice things like having a son to take care of.
Dean watches him open the car door, sit down, turn on the engine, and pull out of the garage before his brain fully registers what Castiel had just said to him.
, the angel deserves to be selfish. He deserves happiness, however it looks. Dean searches for answers in Cas’ face while he thinks about all of this.
When they arrive, Dean is pleased to see the place Sam had suggested is a simple diner. Red seating, a red counter, and old movie posters give it the classic ‘50s America feel. They’re seated quickly near the back at a booth. It’s a big one, but there are a lot of them. Dean is about to sit next to Charlie when Castiel takes the spot, forcing Dean to sit next to him instead. He is made aware of how cramped the booth is when he has to press up against Cas so Sam can get in on his other side. Dean is touching Cas from his ankle to his shoulder, and Dean can feel every inch of it. It makes ordering very difficult.
. He grabs the hair on the back of Cas’ neck and grinds his hips down, just slightly, but enough to guarantee a reaction. Cas breaks the kiss to let a stuttering sound tumble from his mouth. He moves his hands back to Dean’s thighs and holds on.
“No, no, uh, don’t apologize. I’m just not used to being the one getting flirted at? Used to being the one doing the flirting.”
He slowly moves the hand that had been on the angel’s back, tracing Cas’ spine with his open palm, to join the other at the base of the wings. Experimentally, he starts massaging, working his thumbs under the coarse outer feathers to get at the soft down and skin beneath.
“Yeah, yeah, that one.” She points at the maroon button up with the black shirt. “But I am also here as your gay godmother. I know I’m the one who pretty much set this thing up ‘cause you said you were good before, but I don’t want to push you on Cas if you’re not ready to actually date a guy.”
“Not exactly. Gabriel had been adopted, and moved out to rent his own place just as I aged out. He took me in. I consider him my older brother. In fact, I consider everyone from the home to be my siblings. It’s not by blood, but they are my family. Everyone in our band is from the same home. It was a very Christian place, which is why we’re all named after angels.”
Cas smiles up at him like he knows he has the best answer. The confidence is hot, but also overwhelmingly endearing.
The feathers are a deep brown, the color of Cas’ hair at its darkest, with a fine dusting of grey towards the edges like they had been brushed with volcanic ash. The light from the lamp on the table shines through a group of longer ones, making them glow a muddy golden.
Cas is about to ask if she thinks that was intentional on the author’s part when he hears Dean shout. He looks over just in time to see Sam catch up to his brother and tackle him into the water. Eileen giggles at the way Sam shakes his hair when they surface.
Cas smiles at him. “I’ll message you again soon, then. I think it will have to wait until my car is out of the shop. I’d hate to impose and I don’t want Gabriel driving me around like we’re in high school. Also, I’d like to know what you think of my car.”
Of course, the simpler answer was that deep sea vessels were required to be approximately 1100 times stronger than spacecraft in order to withstand the pressure. But humans had almost always been more interested in the sky than the sea. There was more funding for space, more media regarding it.
Charlie nods thoughtfully. “You’ll figure it out. Personally I found it was the little things that society had never prepared me for that stumped me at first. Like, who pays? But that’s only really a question if you want to keep up stupid patriarchal gender roles, and who wants to do that? Just split the check, who cares?”
When Cas opens the compartment, he makes an approving noise. “This is an impressive collection, especially for cassette tapes,” he says.
“I knew you were listening, old man! I’m kidding!” Dean yells back. “Here’s the price breakdown. Sorry again about the wait, man. Continentals are
Dean feels a hand grab the back of his neck, and he is pulled into a much deeper kiss. Cas opens Dean’s mouth with his tongue, licking his lips apart, trying to get Dean to do more. Dean responds with a groan, parting his mouth as per Cas’ demand. Their rhythm picks up, tongues sliding over each other, teeth clashing every so often.
Humans that lived around it always had gods for the sea. Often, the sea god was among the more important in the pantheon. Abzu of Mesopotamia was the father of all the other gods. Poseidon was one of the big three in Greece. In some cultures the sea was ruled by a multitude of deities.
Sam just laughs and pulls Dean into a hug. Sam can tell Dean doesn’t want to let go, so he doesn’t either. It’s their longest one.
surprised. He figures it must have something to do with Cas being an angel and not understanding what boundaries are, but by this point, it’s just ridiculous. Not for the first time that day, or even that evening, Cas decides to lean in and whisper something in Dean’s ear. Sam knows it’s coming, he can see it in the angel’s body language. The only difference is, this time, Sam happens to catch what the angel says. And this time, it’s
“It isn’t your fault, Dean,” the angel tells him. “We can try again tomorrow night. Maybe Sam will be better rested then.”
it—it doesn’t show. The angel simply slides a hand under Dean’s chin, tilting his head up so Cas can kiss him. He places a soft peck on Dean’s lips, then goes in for something a little more steamy. Cas hums appreciatively as Dean begins to kiss him back, and Sam takes this as his cue to leave. Dean registers the fact that his brother is clearing out of the room, and he relaxes a little bit.
With that, he presses a kiss to Dean’s temple, his hands lingering on Dean’s hips as the hunter begins to make his way over the table. Dean has a seat across from his brother, settling into the chair. A few moments later, Cas joins them at the table, placing a full plate of rice and stir-fry in front of Dean. He gently cards a hand through Dean’s hair as he takes a seat, leaving his arm draped along the back of Dean’s chair. He trails his fingertips along Dean’s shoulders, tracing invisible patterns on the fabric of his shirt as Dean eats. Despite the fact he’s having to eat rice and vegetables for dinner, Dean smiles, content to sit there as Cas showers him in attention.
are much more dangerous. Dean shuffles his feet a little as he walks towards Cas’s desk, then clears his throat, being sure to make enough noise to gradually alert Cas of his presence. Cas stirs lightly at the sound, then groans.
Cas wraps his arms firmly around Dean’s waist, pulling him in once more. He plants a long, slow kiss on Dean’s lips, then starts trailing wet kisses along his jaw. Cas nibbles lightly at Dean’s ear, forcing a moan from his lips. Because Cas isn’t there to muffle the sound with a kiss, the noise is much louder than any of Dean’s previous vocalizations, loud enough to fill Cas’s room. The sound spurs the angel on, and he starts kissing at Dean’s neck. Dean runs his fingers through Cas’s hair, tilting his head back to give Cas better access to his throat. Cas starts to suck at the skin there, pulling a string of shuddering gasps and low hums out of Dean. Dean feels a graze of teeth at the base of his neck, and his grip tightens in Cas’s hair. The angel nips at him experimentally and Dean cries out, bucking his hips into Cas’s.
good—clean, sharp, and sure to get some attention from the angel waiting for him back at the bunker. He runs a hand along his jaw absentmindedly as he drives back home.
Unfortunately, Cas doesn’t seem to be having too much luck. And while Dean does his best to encourage him, he knows Cas is beginning to get very frustrated.
Cas smiles at him. He reaches a hand up and strokes Dean’s cheek. Dean leans into the touch. He still looks afraid, but he’s attentive, waiting for Cas to explain. Cas sighs softly.
to get something for you...If you don’t like it though, Cas, I can take it down. I promise it won’t hurt my feelings.”
tired of being stuck in the bunker with Jack. As always, Cas enters his room not long after Dean has his shower and stretches out in bed, getting ready for sleep. The angel wordlessly climbs in bed beside him and they cuddle up under the covers. Tonight, Cas lays flat on his back while Dean curls into his side, one of his arms slung over Cas’s stomach. Dean buries his face against Cas’s neck and sighs contentedly as Cas slowly strokes a hand up and down his back. He knows the movement is
Dean repeats the process, alternating between taking all of Cas into his mouth and hollowing his cheeks for a little while, then going back to giving him soft kitten licks and kisses. Dean’s learned that for whatever reason, Cas
“Look, my point is, it’s not any of our business what’s in there. If Cas decides to share things with you on his own, then that’s his choice. But if not, you need to be respectful of his privacy.”
as the cue ball causes all the others to disperse. The angel pockets a solid and quickly scans the table, looking for his next shot. Dean huffs out a laugh.
A few minutes later, they’re driving in the Impala to some local fast-food joint so Dean can get a burger and fries. Cas declines the offer of food, but finds it sweet that Dean asks him out of habit. They do, however, get something for Sam, just in case he’s hungry. On the way back to the bunker, Cas holds the bag of food in his lap. After a few minutes of driving, Dean wordlessly reaches over and pulls a couple french fries out of the bag.
With that, Dean slides out of bed and carries Jack towards his room. It would be much easier if Jack were
room, anymore—and the two of them curl up together under the covers. Cas doesn’t really need to sleep, and Dean doesn’t really like knowing that Cas is just laying there, wide awake beside him all night, so the two of them have come up with a unique sort of compromise. They snuggle up in bed together and talk until Dean gets tired. Then, they turn out the lights and Cas stays with him, either holding Dean, or letting the hunter hold him, until Dean is solidly asleep. When he’s content that his movement won’t disturb Dean, Cas removes himself from the bed, kisses Dean’s forehead—
Dean sets the bottle on the table so he can run his hands over his face, processing the information.
He wastes no time in lavishing attention on Cas’s neck, seeking out each little spot that he knows will drive Cas
Cas swirls his tongue, and Dean lets out a broken cry. Suddenly, Dean registers the feeling of Cas’s free hand sliding down the back of one of his thighs, then coming to rest against his ass. Cas pauses, his mouth poised on the tip of Dean’s cock. He raises his eyebrows in question, his finger teasing between Dean’s ass cheeks. Dean nods eagerly.
“I’ll just take care of the pie, then,” Sam calls after them. “And dinner will be done at six, so don’t be late!”
“At least, that’s what he told me,” he says. “He came into my room a few nights ago, said he had a bad dream, and tried to crawl into bed with me. When I took him back to his room, he said he was afraid of the dark because that’s where the
for, Dean can’t help but gasp when he feels Cas’s lips on him. He uses his hand that isn’t tangled in Cas’s hair to reach for Cas, seeking out one of his hands.
Castiel shuddered and turned away from Dean. He could kill demons, he could kill angels, he could kill humans, and he was fine. What he couldn’t handle was the pain his ex-lover wanted to inflict on him. He felt as if there was a hole gaping wide in his heart. “Tell me, did you get that reaction from him?”
Castiel nodded quickly already to far gone to care what he was about to do. “I give myself to you, Dean Winchester for all eternity.”
Meg shifted back first her face angry as she glared at Castiel who changed back more slowly than she did allowing his body time to pop and crack back into place with less pain. “So, which one am I talking to the pain in the ass alpha or the real you?” She asked with a hiss and Castiel glanced up at her with hollow eyes.
Dean snarled, letting Castiel’s legs drop abruptly from around his waist before whipping Castiel around and slamming him up against the mirror. “Be careful, Castiel, I’m only 27.”
He kissed Castiel hard pushing his tongue inside his mouth. Castiel tried turning his head away but the demons grip on his jaw kept him in place. “Why are you so afraid, Father? Is it my eyes? I can change them back for you if you like, you wouldn’t even guess that I wasn’t human would you, Father?”
The baby looked away from him then and turned towards the bed he had been sitting on making grabby hands for the stuffed animal there. There had been a bee stuffed animal in the crib next to him when Dean had snatched him and he figured bringing it along would help with the little rug rat.
He smiled brokenly and nodded. “I know they will.” He met Meg’s brown gaze her posture stiff and her arms crossed glaring at him silently. “I need to get some rest, and so do you. I’ll see you in the morning, okay?” Castiel asked leaning down to kiss her forward.
Dean ignored the screaming in his ear the beta’s insistent screams that he had no right to control her, that he was the scum of the earth, that it was witches like him that gave all the others a reason to fear for their lives. Witches like him caused hunters to go on killing sprees. Never mind how many people she herself has controlled and manipulated. As long as it was justified in her mind it was fine.
“Excuse me?” Meg asked and Castiel watched as Dean’s eyes flashed a brighter green and suddenly Meg’s shoulders dropped, and she walked out of the room without another word. The glimmer in Dean’s eyes dissipated as he slammed the door shut and shuddered running a hand through his hair angrily. Castiel stared at him in a slow-burning horror his stomach twisting in knots. The look on Meg’s face had been no different from his father’s
The black man only started chanting louder glaring at the flames licking away at the ceiling. The moment Dean felt the power of the devils trap give way Castiel let out a louder piercing scream. Dean felt the bond tugging harshly slowly tearing. Dean was on the black man instantly ripping to his flesh violently till he felt the man’s heart pumping in his hand.
Dean chuckled shaking his head. “Maybe there is hope for us yet.” The omega whispered leaving the room and taking his smell with him. Castiel slumped against the bed the sound of Meg screaming at the omega for controlling her didn’t even faze him as he stared at his hands in contemplation. The omega still had hope for them. Castiel wasn’t sure if he had guts to hope.
Dean leaned down and kissed Castiel passionately, while speeding up his thrusts inside of him, matching that pace with his stokes down Castiel’s cock. “I’ll let you cum if you repeat exactly what I say, Castiel and only if you repeat
It’s been three day’s since the last time Dean saw the Priest he defiled and brought down to his level of sin taking away all of his connections to God. It was a rash decision to tie himself to the mortal, but not completely without cause. Castiel is a pure being no matter what Dean does to him he will remain pure. Tainted but still pure. He will give Dean a challenge everyday with him being brought up from childhood not to be the very thing Dean strives to subdue him to.
“Please,” She asked once more and the alpha huffed nodding and stepping out of her way. The woman was beautiful with soft green eyes and golden hair. Her omega scent was of vanilla and roses, a truly calming scent. It made Castiel feel tired, and even more broken as his resolve wavered again at the sincerity in her eyes. She studied his gaze long and hard watching as he flickered his gaze between her and the wolf who had finally stopped screaming his chest heaving his hands and mouth covered in imagined blood his eyes screaming murder. He was ready to take over.
“Sorry for the cold greeting. I’ve been pretty stressed out lately. How is she?” Gabriel asked his voice concerned and as tired as Castiel felt.
Gabriel shrugged. “Never stopped people before, and besides you’re eighteen, so it’s perfectly legal.”
Castiel sighed hanging his head. He didn’t want Dean to be right, but he wasn’t wrong. “Fine,” Castiel whispered in defeat.
Castiel met Dean’s gaze slowly his heart beating rapidly in his chest waiting for the answer. Dean licked his lips shifting from foot to foot before he answered. “I wanted to see Castiel squirm. I wanted him to beg for his son back, and when he realized he wasn’t ever strong enough to be able to get his son back I wanted to see the defeat in his eyes. After that, well, I really hadn’t thought that far ahead.”
Dean pushed in further and smirked when he found that spot that maked Castiel cry out in lust. With every thrust of his fingers he hit that place reveling in the way Castiel nails dug into his back pulling him closer, and in the way Castiel voice was a mere whisper filled with pleasure.
Sam rolled his eyes. “May I remind you that you know how to do this ‘spiritual crap’. Why don’t you two go find mats, and we’ll begin the class. Alright, everyone, we’re going to start with the basics. Dean and I will come around and correct your poses.”
“You reek of fear, and holy water. Did you wipe Castiel’s body in it trying to get rid of my dark mark on him? Unfortunately that wont do any good. Were soul bonded Father attached till the day we die and then some. Poor Castiel hardly knew what he was saying, but when I tell you he never wanted it more know I’m not lying to you.”
“You’re mine now, angel.” Dean was on him in an instant ripping Castiel’s clerical clothing off, and laying him out before him on the cold stone floor. He was a beautiful sight to behold with his soft pale skin, and those deep blue eyes looking up at him as if he were God himself.
It was early, dawn had just crested over the world when Castiel walked back to the mansion. Moister stuck to his skin, a thin fog covering the grounds. Laughing rung in his ears, crazy inconsistent laughter, his laughter, but he ignored it and shoved his hands deep into his pockets. In between the laughter muttered words would slip through. “We’re going to die. You’re going to kill us. We’re going to fucking die.” His wolf muttered to himself the image of him clutching his head as he laughed and his eyes crazed was burned into Castiel’s mind. He ignored it all; he had a job to do. Chuck had found him deep in the forest and spent the night by his side. Eventually, the other alpha told him the plan, where they would go, and what they would do, and Castiel had agreed. Like a ghost, he made his way through the hallways without a sound entering his sister’s room and lifting her from her bed. She grumbled but otherwise didn’t stir. He held her frail body close to his own as he made his way down the stairs Chuck watching him from the bottom of the staircase. Castiel stared at him blankly and the man swallowed hard unnerved by his gaze and walked them out to his truck. Castiel laid his little sister on the back seat caressing her face once before shutting the door softly pausing for just a moment.
“I’m saying I shouldn’t feel anything at all, and yet I do and it all revolves around you and that kid. I’m sorry that I came after you, and that I took your son. I didn’t know Crowley would take him. I was trying to prove to myself that I could go back to the way I was without a care in the world, but I can’t Cas. I can’t and it kills me on the inside because I’ve done so much to hurt you, and even though so much of me doesn’t care there’s still enough of me that does and it’s tearing me apart.” Dean whispered his voice quiet almost to the point Castiel couldn’t hear him, and what he heard made him want to comfort the man behind him.
“Fuck off alpha I know what he thinks of me.” The omega called out hiking up further into the woods the terrain getting more difficult by the second.
“You know, it must be nice being an angel, your back probably never gets stiff after sitting on the bed all evening...That’s why I have a mattress topper, makes everything feel better.”
worse than some wrinkled clothes and a fresh hickey. Wordlessly, Sam crosses over to the refrigerator. He opens the freezer and pulls out an ice pack. He offers it to Dean clinically, as if he were helping him with an injury from a fight. Dean accepts it, not quite meeting his eyes. He holds it against the side of his neck, wincing at the cold. Dean stares forlornly at the kitchen counter. Sam folds his arms over his chest, taking a deep breath.
Cas is the one Dean calls when he needs help, or when things go south on a hunt, and Cas answers him every time, without fail.
Cas nods enthusiastically. Dean opens the trunk and they both place their bags inside. He walks over to the driver’s side, and Cas walks over to the passenger’s side. They both open their doors and slide into the front seat. Dean puts the key in the ignition and starts the car. He turns to look at Cas and the angel leans across the front seat, pressing a lingering kiss to his lips. When he pulls back, he’s smiling at Dean, his blue eyes full of hope, and joy, and
Dean makes the unfortunate mistake of looking up at Cas. The way the angel’s hands hold the book right over his head, paired with his obvious proximity to Cas’s crotch, give Dean a
Dean turns and heads out of the kitchen, quickly walking to the bunker’s garage. Cas is waiting for him by the Impala, an excited look on his face.
As you can see, there's only a couple chapters left, but still some unanswered questions! What kind of painting does Dean want to get? Will Cas like his present? Is Sam ever going to catch a break? Stay tuned to find out!
He glances back up at Cas’s face, then suddenly remembers something. He turns towards his nightstand, about to open the top drawer when Cas stops him.
he says firmly, as if he were scolding a bad puppy and not an angel of the Lord. “Not at the table.”
The next morning, Dean wakes to the feeling of Cas’s breath against his chest. At some point, Cas slid down off his pillow and buried his face under Dean’s chin while they slept. Dean pulls back to look at the snoozing angel, and in the gentle glow of the nightlight in the corner, he can make out some of Cas’s features.
the sensation. He starts to roll his hips up into Cas in a steady motion, trying to get a bit of friction going. Not enough to
“I’m not attempting to ridicule you,” he tells Dean. “I’m merely pointing out that I don’t see this as a bad thing.”
thing with surprising ease. Admittedly, he hemmed and hawed about it for a couple of years, but when Dean finally caved and gave it a shot, all his indecision flew out the window. The first couple times were rushed and awkward, but Dean figured it out. He put things together on his own as a teenager when it came to girls, and he did the same thing as an adult when it came to guys. As his experience grew, Dean pieced together two things.
Before he can say anything else, Dean bids him goodnight and heads off towards his own room to get some sleep. Cas, however, spends the rest of the night contemplating the idea of a mattress topper.
After a moment, Cas lifts his head and says something quietly into Dean’s ear. Based on the face Dean makes, Sam’s glad he can’t hear what it is.
accepting, offering to get him a bisexual pride mug to keep at the bunker, or even a flag for his room. Both ideas made Dean incredibly uncomfortable, and he decided that silent acceptance was really all he wanted from his brother. Cas, however, had a very
This chapter took a little longer to post than I originally thought it would. What can I say? Stuff happens...
To emphasize his point, Cas slowly slides a hand under the fabric of Dean’s t-shirt, his fingers warm against Dean’s stomach. He leans forward and kisses the side of Dean’s neck once more, his lips lingering on the skin there. Oh.
Cas is slumped over in his chair, arms folded on top of his desk with his head buried against the crook of his left elbow. There’s paper, pens, a couple journals, and several books scattered on the desk’s cramped surface. One of the books teeters precariously on the edge of Cas’s desk, next to his arm. Dean smiles to himself.
When there’s no reply, Dean grabs the doorknob and gently opens the door, poking his head inside. Cas is, in fact,
Dean snuggles into the bed, pulling the covers up a little higher around him. Suddenly, he remembers something.
A wave of excitement washes through him. Dean’s tried a little bondage before, and discovered he kinda likes it. But
Sam had decided he needed to pick up a few things on short notice, and luckily, he didn’t have to drive too far. Namely, Sam was in the market for a pair of noise-cancelling headphones. Yes, he’d probably have to end up using them at the bunker in the not-so-distant future more times than he’d care to think about, but first and foremost, he would need them if he was going to survive his trip to North Dakota with Dean.
The angel opens his mouth to speak, but before he can get any words out, Dean surges forward, claiming his lips in a kiss. Cas lets out a muffled noise of surprise, his hands flying to Dean’s shoulders. Dean takes this as a sign to continue, and he quickly deepens their kiss, moaning into Cas’s mouth. Reflexively, Cas moans back, and the sound grabs Dean’s attention. He breaks their kiss, leaning back so he can look at Cas. He licks his lips hungrily, then reaches for one of the angel’s hands. He quickly hauls Cas to his feet and starts leading him towards the back of the bar. Dean pushes through a door, and soon they’re standing in an empty men’s bathroom.
Cas’s head drops onto his shoulder, his thrusts becoming uneven. Dean can feel how close he is, and he presses a kiss to Cas’s temple.
Cas has a seat on the couch next to him and it doesn’t take long for the angel to wind up in Dean’s personal space. Though neither of them could say exactly when it happened, Cas ends up stretched out on the couch beside him, his head resting in Dean’s lap while Dean balances the laptop on the arm of the couch. Sam passes by at some point, but neither of them pay any attention to where he goes. Dean uses one hand to navigate the computer, while using his other hand to gently play with Cas’s hair, removing it only when he needs to type something.
