“Guess I’ll see you around, Remington.”
He looks around, but no sign of anyone. He looks back, peering closer at the saddle.
Dean coughs, clinging tightly to Castiel.
“Died screaming, they did,” it purrs. “Begging for her to stop—“
alcohol, descriptions of hell, (temporary/canonical) character death
“Yeah, I figured.” Dean laughs slightly. “It can’t be easy getting chased after all the time.”
“Get away from him—”
she signs, fingers flying so fast Cas can barely understand her.
“Fine, I get it. Not sharing time.”
Emmanuel walks with unsteady steps to the table in the corner, to the bowl of water Sam left. He doesn’t bother with a rag, but dips his hand in and splashes water on his face, droplets running down his chest and to the floor. He doesn’t seem to care.
Then she’s at his side, yanking him up.
“Suit yourself.”
“Yeah,” he breathes, curling a hand around Dean's neck.
“You’re all oily.”
The sun rose, the town slowly came to life around them, and Dean hadn’t returned. Sam wasn’t quite worried yet, Dean was a good rider, a good tracker and hunter, and he could handle a gun. He would be back by noon, surely.
To say the town lost its damn mind would be an understatement.
Dean doesn’t need any more encouraging.
, Dean had decided.
“You want to...come to the wedding?” He asks dumbly.
Dean picks up his book again, sitting down. He can feel Sam's stare—but after a moment, he huffs and stalks off, slamming the door to Dean’s room behind him.
Dean feels his stomach drop.
“He was supposed to pick me up at seven,” Dean says. “It’s nine thirty.”
“I want you to bring this with you tonight.”
Castiel is 39. He hears them one time, telling them about the angels.
“Said he was busy.”
“Cas—“ Dean chokes out, something between a warning and a plea for more.
“You don’t waste any time, do you,” he mutters.
“He didn’t believe you,” Castiel finishes dully.
“I don’t know,” Castiel snaps, gripping at the leather of Dean’s jacket. “I don’t know.”
He’s been going in circles.
He retreats to his bed, but as he lies there, willing himself to sleep, he finds it just won’t come.
“Alright, come here,” Cas says, slinging an arm around Dean’s neck. “We gotta get a picture.”
Then she strikes. Alastair tries to grab onto her, but she repels him with her grace, forcing his hands down.
“Good evening, ma’am.” His smile is dazzling, and Dean knows firsthand the effect it has on strangers. “Heard you might have rooms for weary travelers.”
Castiel.
Sam pounds on the door again, calling out.
“Exorciazamus te,” he shouts. “Omnis immundus spiritus—“
He grabs his arm and pulls him down, kissing him again. They get thoroughly distracted and spend a good while just like that, kissing and exploring each other. Then Cas shifts and presses up against Dean’s dick, and he remembers his previous goal. He sits up, still kissing Cas, who seems reluctant to let Dean’s lips leave his for even just a second. He pushes the shirt from his arms and throws it off somewhere to the side, ridding him of his undershirt as well.
Another entered the room, long hair skimming over reddened eyes.
Heat starts swirling in Castiel’s core, because even if it started as a joke, Dean is so close and his tie is askew, the first button on his shirt undone―and the champagne has turned Castiel’s senses upside down and he just wants to take Dean and kiss the life out of him, until they’re panting and loose and―
Fucking hell.
But despite his words, Castiel sees the angel cast worried eyes over to Gabriel on the floor.
“I stayed.”
“Mother,” Dean blurts.
“What do you want to know?” He says eventually.
It’s like he’s seeing a whole new person. Instead of prickly and condescending, this Castiel is soft and smiling, throwing him small shy looks as they work next to each other. God—how could he never have noticed it before? And it was only because of
"This violence...it's...it's madness."
There’s a crash from the other side of the door, inarticulate yelling and curses as Dean rages in the next room. Castiel falls down to the floor, nearly crying. God—in anger, in fear, in frustration—he doesn’t fucking know anymore.
“My brother cast me into Hell,” she murmurs.  “Didn’t your sister do the same to you?”
“Well, good to know you’re still dumb as ever.”
Dean starts pulling out drawers on the desk, yanking them out with a little more force than necessary.
“Anything that might help.”
Emmanuel draws a stack of bills from within his coat, Meg tops off their glasses, and then they play.
“Take him.”
Dean’s hand finds his temple and Castiel’s mind flashes with the memory of the cabin, the sloping woods around them—
“Dean, you keep that up—and there—“
“At least I have honor. Loyalty. Something you’ll never understand.”
He was right. The angels were running on empty. They were desperate.
"I'm sorry—"
“I mean—Jesus—werewolves, right? Am I right?”
“Next time you bother me, it better be something important.”
Cas just keeps moving towards him.
The demon smiles.
Ketch narrows his eyes, but at that moment Cas comes through the door, holding the hand of—
"Sam."
“I want Novak on this,” Captain Mills says. “He was the lead detective on the work that got us here in the first place.”
“1986!” Dean shouts. “Nineteen-eighty-fucking-six. Twenty-three years…Oh my god…twenty-three years,” he sobs, sinking to the floor.
Dean reads quickly, then twists his lips.
"You always were strangely sentimental," Lilith says curtly, her gaze flicking between him and Sam. "You..."
Tasha raises an eyebrow, but makes no comment as Castiel extinguishes the end of the cigarette with his finger, tucking it into his pocket for later. She starts on her sewing, leaning forward slightly so she can have some better light.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel traces one of the slightly more healed cuts, wishing he could wash away Dean's pain with a brush of his own fingers.
“Okay,” Anna whispers.
“Hmm?”
“But hey. Up to you.”
She beckons to her companions and they move quickly, gathering up their belongings. Abby stands, following Ruby out the door. Sam rushes after, frowning.
The outlaw doesn’t answer, just pulls Dean up, keeping his gun to his throat. The short one—Gabriel—comes up behind him, roughly patting him down. Dean doesn’t move, glaring murderously at the outlaw in front of him the whole time. The outlaw’s cold blue eyes don’t blink.
Alastair snarls, sending a flaring burst of power her way. She raises a hand, blasting it out of the way, but it suddenly veers off course, sucked down into a pit of churning black earth. They both stare at it, and then the world breaks around them.
“Say it again.”
“Emmanuel,” Sam says, impatient now. “You said he was the one that planned it all.”
“Hell of an introduction,” Gabe says dryly, crossing his arms.
“This is―
Dean feels Castiel’s smile before he sees it, and they break apart, unable to hold back—happiness bubbling up into soft laughter that Castiel returns as his arms circle around Dean, pressing his forehead gently against his.
“You said I was oily,” Dean murmurs back, reaching a hand behind him to tangle in Cas’s hair.
“Where the hell is he?”
Castiel yells her name.
“I was not—“
Max looks at him doubtfully.
“Cas,” Dean whispers.
But the courtier is on him like a fly on honey, her wrinkled face inches from his own.
Mary laughs. “Yeah. Just maybe.”
He thinks back to their house in Creede, thinks back to the few small possessions they’d managed to accumulate.
<ours too
“No, uh—”
Charlie tries to tell him.
Her hand raises again—
Dean swallows. The man in front of him looks younger, without the whiskers—his face a little lined, tan from the sun, a few stray beads of water dripping down his cheek.
Sam looks out at the twisting mess of trees before them, anger starting to pulse red hot.
If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d assume that Castiel had placed a Desire enchantment on himself. But the man doesn’t seem the type. He seems to hate the constant attention, embarrassed by it more than anything, and, if Dean’s being honest—Castiel doesn’t need the help of an allure charm.
“Gabriel—“
Castiel doesn’t answer him.
Dean nodded again.
Emmanuel shoves the belt in between his lips, and Gabriel bites down, his eyes furious.
“And then it’s Eileen’s birthday next week, so we’re having a party for her.”
he won’t shut up about
“Can I let you go?”
One of the verses—one of the passages read to him in the middle of night, when he couldn’t sleep, when his father was gone, hunting some evil thing, another monster in the dark.
“Going off on a ridiculous goose chase after one rogue angel,” he sneers, crossing his arms. “Seriously. Seraphs are so trying.”
Dean shakes his head, taking a step closer.
“We gotta go to the tailor’s, I’m forcing Sam to get a haircut, and then there might be a surprise event later,” she says, throwing him a mischievous grin. Dean raises an eyebrow.
He stops.
He glances up, his voice cracked.
An angry shriek shatters the air, and they all turn to look.
“Trust me,” he whispers.
“Am I perhaps about to meet the reason for all those late nights?” She asks, turning her gaze to the man who stands arm and arm with her son. Dean blushes, his cheeks going pink, but the stranger is unfazed.
“Well, uh.”
“I don’t have anything,” Dean snaps.
She had ditched Gabe’s car a few miles back. In a spot just conspicuous enough that he would find it on the police scanners—just hidden enough to save it from getting its stereo or rims stolen.
“Eat me,” she snarls back.
Castiel swallows his fear, and reaching out, softly touches his arm.
The rock salt shells hit him deep, and the creature jerks back a little with the force of it. He looks down at his chest, then back up, meeting Castiel’s fiery gaze.
she signs, before standing up on her toes to kiss him goodbye.
Castiel breaks away from Dean's lips, mouthing down the side of his neck and licking his way down his chest, gently skimming over the sigils set in his skin. Castiel finds the front of Dean’s pants, and he starts tugging at his belt buckle, clumsy in his hurry.
He glances out at the stars, then back to Castiel.
The smile Emmanuel gives him is rare and bright, and Dean leans forward to kiss it off his lips.
The both of them cut off, looking over. Eileen is scooting over, holding Sam’s hand.
He’s out on one of the deck chairs, shaded by the umbrella from the worst of the sun, but the hangover currently digging into his skull really objects to how fucking bright everything is.
He stands, shrugging his hands.
Jess’s smile grows wider.
"Me too," Gabriel mumbles, wrapping an arm around her. "Me too."
Emmanuel has already disappeared.
Castiel wakes up, blinking heavily as he takes in the room around him.
“Next time, this’ll be on a bed,” Cas whispers, twisting his wrist in a way that causes Dean to cry out.
“I want you,” he confesses. “I just want you.”
“Dibs on the bed then,” Dean calls over his shoulder.
“You really think yourself a match for me, Alastair?”
“Leave it,” Castiel snarls.
A heady rush, and Castiel feels the closure within him, the indication that the spell was a success. The power ebbs and draws back, forming a tidy border within the walls of the greenhouse.
Dean straightens, and the air around them seems to pulse with an unexplained heat, crackling in its intensity.
That he was wrong. That he never was against love, not really. That he was just being a coward, afraid of getting hurt again. And that Charlie and Alicia are so stupidly happy together that it makes Dean
Dean grabs at a nearby statue, trying to push himself up. He grabs the base, and makes it to his knees—but then his strength gives out, and he crumples, gasping. His guts twist harshly, and he spits blood, falling to the ground.
There’s the distant cry of a crow. The chiming of the bell tower from the center of the town. Distant. Soft.
Dean frowns. Emmanuel continues, squatting down and picking up a stick, poking at the coals of the fire.
he tells himself.
“Is that so?”
“Hooooo, absolutely
Dean’s lips at his ear—
“So do we, uh…have to say grace or something?” She asks, smirking.
Dean calls for some wine, to perhaps soothe him into rest, but he finds it only makes him more anxious.
“As if Charlie would allow that.”
“Can’t say I’m surprised,” he grumbles. He lowers the pack from his shoulder, stepping forward.
But his voice doesn’t work.
Okay, so maybe Cas knows about Dean’s Harrison Ford thing, too.
Anna screams at him, screams at him to come back, but Castiel doesn’t listen, inching closer.
“Oh, come on.”
“You really don’t understand what you’re dealing with,” the woman says softly. “So, come now, Castiel. Before you do something you regret.”
Anna glares at him.
“He...
Something explodes and Castiel swerves, barely missing the blasted scraps of wood that fly his way—and he stumbles, but manages to get up on higher ground. He looks out over the expanse in front of him, and his stomach drops.
Castiel rubs the back of his neck, trying to work up his courage.
Dean tries to make a run for it, but curse Sam and his stupid gigantic frame―he grabs Dean’s arm and gets him in a headlock, while Jess snatches his phone, holding it hostage.
“C’mon.”
The hostess waves them towards the main part of the restaurant, and Dean plasters a smile on his face.
They quickly sober, and Castiel is surprised at how easy it is, to slide back into the routine. They talk with the sheriff for a while before she lets them into the room, and it takes Anna all of about 30 seconds to find the culprit. Or what the bastards left behind.
“Easy tiger,” Dean whispers. “I think you might’ve fried a few of my brain cells.”
Castiel looked away, and said nothing.
“But I want to do this for you, I want to be
“I imagine you have questions.”
“I’d like to see you try,” Castiel hisses back.
“Blind date,” he says, making a face. The guy snorts, glancing briefly at Michael before smiling at Castiel.
He grabs Charlie's hand and the back of Castiel's jacket—and then the world is dissolving around them. They land hard in the altar room of the church, Anna stumbling, Castiel nearly falling over—but Charlie is completely unfazed. She glances around, nodding approvingly.
“D—don’t know if it’ll work, Cas—“
Gabriel doesn’t respond. He just looks down at his feet.
Dean struggles in vain, cursing the three of them.
“Oh, yeah,” Dean says, jokingly puffing out his chest. “I’m stronger than I look. Kinda happens when you haul bags of fertilizer around all day.”
“Join me,” Abaddon whispers.
She turns away, pressing the back of her hand to her mouth.
“Wonderful to see you too,” Dean says dryly. “Why you calling me over here in the middle of the day?” He scans the place, relieved when he sees Taylor is nowhere to be found.
Castiel grabs his sleeve, trying to pull it down over the marks.
“You look—you look good,” he chokes out.
Sam opens his mouth, but then closes it, shaking his head. Benny clears his throat.
He looks her dead in the eye, hands on her shoulders.
After a moment, Dean chances a glance up. Castiel is looking at him strangely, in a way Dean really can’t describe. Then he seems to shake himself, and abruptly turns back to the glass.
“Now," the man sneers. "Talk.”
Castiel jerks himself up, panting.
“Whoa, okay….maybe―” Dean lowers Cas and falls back against the door frame. “Not gonna be able to do that.”
“Something we’ve got in common, apparently,” comes the eventual reply.
“No,” Castiel snarls. “You can’t—I, I need more time—“
“No apologies, no blame,” he says softly. “I chose this.”
“No.”
Mary doesn’t respond. She just lets Dean take the bow from her hands.
“I can’t,” Castiel answers softly. “Death demands life.”
“For, uh, the other day…you know.” He gestures vaguely, trying to get the words out. “For saving me.”
He can barely keep up with Meg’s bluffs, and she bets like a madwoman. Emmanuel is nigh unreadable—but to be honest, Dean ain’t all that surprised. He didn't often play the tables back at home—the risk of losing too great, the game always leaving a bad taste in his mouth. And the seedy men at the saloons in the larger towns who made their living off this type of game were quick to draw on any man muscling in on their territory. Dean’s more focused on the way they move the together, the easy way they interact. It’s obvious Emmanuel trusts this woman, that she’s in a position of high honor and respect—something Dean hasn’t seen Emmanuel show much with other outlaws, and something Dean irrationally feels himself wanting.
“Let’s get on with it, then,” he says softly.
Naomi purses her lips, then disappears. The other woman stands, brushing the long red hair from her face.
<what?
Castiel drags his eyes back to his sister. Anna crosses her arms, avoiding his eyes.
Castiel stares at him for a moment, but then looks away, giving the barest hint of a nod. Dean sighs shakily, scooting closer.
take it off.”
Dean grits his teeth, mentally digging through his prolific vocabulary of swear words so he can tell Cas exactly what he thinks of that sentiment―when the plane gives a great lurch, signaling the start of their taxi. Dean squawks and grips the armrest, screwing his eyes shut.
“You can’t heal this?” He asks, glancing at him. Dean is looking at the floor, his face tired.
“Ass.”
“Ow.”
He slams the phone down, and it gives him a brief sense of satisfaction.
Dean breaks down, pulling him close.
But of course he refuses him. Castiel can always feel it in his kiss, feel it as Dean slows, preparing to pull away.
He goes for a short ride in the late morning. It's the first time he’s had a chance to get outside, to explore and see the country that would eventually be his. He takes a quick circuit around the castle grounds, even venturing out into some of the villages that surround the castle. And what he sees is beautiful, really. Daughton is known as the Land of the Green, and for good reason. Crops are plentiful and the trees tall and thick, but it’s nothing like the rolling grasses and plains of Laurence.
Dean reaches out, sinking his fingers into the crack. He hears voices in his head, of the angels, of his superiors realizing and screaming at him to turn back, but he ignores them.
“Easy.”
“When I was…sent down…” he tries again, speaking slowly. “I—“
She narrows her eyes, and after a moment shrugs his hands off.
Castiel can't believe it.
“A rich man’s saddle,” the second one says, leering at Dean.
Shit. He hasn’t been this drunk in a while.
Dean leans forward. He’s smiling, but his eyes are dark.
He pushes back against it, and the last thing Castiel sees is Dean.
“What would Dad say?” He whispers.
She prays to God he’s not, but there’s a small voice of doubt inside her that says,
“I don’t want to hear anything about last night,” Eileen says aloud, her eyes hard. “Let’s just get through this.”
The man smirks.
have you been?” She says, the second he gets off his horse.
what he means.
With his kindness, his generosity, and of course, his abilities—he healed Garth’s broken ankle and old Frank’s arthritis in the span of an afternoon—and now he makes a modest living by selling charms and potions to the townsfolk that request them. Then there’s Castiel himself.
She smiles wide, her eyes going dark.
Sam and Charlie come to check them, and they nod approvingly. Castiel sets down the paint, heaving a sigh.
“You can’t ask him to sit this out,” Sam says carefully. Dean drops his hand.
Dean shrugs.
“Relax,” Dean repeats, his voice cranking up.
He looks over at Eileen, his eyes getting that glazed look again.
“I want you there,” Dean whispers.
“We know. And we don’t care.”
“With or without your permission.”
“Yeah,” he says softly. “Dean knows I'd never give up on him.”
“No...I think I would have distinctly remembered that...experience.”
Dean rolled his eyes.
“You oughta eat.”
Gabriel glares at him.
Bobby’s eyes search his face for a moment, then he collects himself, picking up his quill again.
“You were guilty of that first.”
This is ridiculous. He's a grown-ass man, sulking like a pouty teenager on a bench in a graveyard.
The man jerks against her, his face paling to the color of curdled milk. But Ruby’s grip might as well be iron.
“Definitely not how I thought I’d spend my day,” Castiel says, sitting down next to him.
Dean’s heart leaps abruptly in his chest.
Dean walks up next to him, wary. Emmanuel turns his gaze.
Dean just rolls his eyes.
He gets to the spare room, and he stands there, a hand on the light switch, reeling.
But as long as this town needs him, Dean is going to do his job.
He claps Dean heartily on the back, grinning toothily.
Why is there a costume party you ask? Because of plot reasons! And because it can't be a Shakespearean comedy without some sort of crossdressing or miscommunication drama. Ah, just the best.
to go.”
Dean holds his gaze for a moment, but then has to look away.
Sam is eyeing him, a curious glint to his eye.
“Hey.”
“We’re still mad at you, by the way.”
The angel stares murderously at her for a few agonizing seconds—then she releases her, across the room and back at Castiel’s side, like the outburst never even happened.
Castiel shakes his head. His father had been a preacher, for Christ’s sake, but after Mom died…
With every word, there’s more chance he’ll be found out, but inside, he’s burning with curiosity. Why
“Did you just
“Well,” Castiel breathes. “I’ll be damned.”
“How?” Gabriel says, holding his hands out to Sam, glaring at him.
“What are you?” Dean snaps. “Why are you acting like this?”
Castiel stares at him, breathless.
“How did you find me?” He asks. Sam laughs again.
Sam comes stumbling back, long hair wet and dripping.
Castiel stares at her, gaping. Gabriel isn’t helping either.
“What’s your brother like, Sam?” She asks softly. “You haven’t told me much about him.”
He looks up, into the eyes of the dead angel in front of him, its blood forming a greasy black slick on the ground.
“But you come near Castiel Remington, and I’ll kill you.”
“You’re gonna ace it, Sammy.” He grins. “Or did I jinx you by saying that?”
“Cas,” he gasps. “Look at me—”
“Cas, I’m surprised,” Max says, his eyes glinting. “You’re not your usual stick in the mud self tonight.”
“So nice to see you again,” she says softly.
He looks up, stepping towards Castiel, shaking his head in frustration.
Then he winces, remembering their fiery exchange in the tailor’s shop. And then last night, at the club. With a jolt, Dean realizes—Cas wasn’t trying to insult Dean—he was talking about
Dean turns around.
There's something beautifully profane about the whole thing.
"Cas," he says slowly. "What's wrong?"
She turns to him, raising two fingers.
Charlie's eyes light up.
The better move would have been to go left, but again, Dean picks the right—and Castiel is ready. He steps into his path, breaking up Dean's rhythm. Dean counters at the last second—
“Fine.” He holds out his hand. Elkins looks at him through beady eyes, but fishes out a grimy leather purse, pulling out a few coins and bills. He drops them into Sam’s waiting hand, and Sam thrusts the reins toward him, glad to be rid of the extra mouth to feed.
“Dean, wait—”
“I happen to like my car,” he retorts. This has been his faithful pickup for almost 10 years, and he's not about to let some punk angel start dissing it.
“Had a little run in with my boss,” he says eventually.
Abaddon doesn’t move, just looking at him. And Castiel is shaking, still trying to back away.
“I’m looking for my brother,” he says curtly. “That’s all you really need to know.”
Castiel is about to sneer back, some retort, some scathing comment, but then he catches sight of those eyes and he falters, swallowing hard.
“I'm sure she’s over it by now.”
Dean sighs, dragging a hand over his face.
“You know I wanted him, you know I
Michael has reached the cliff, but at last, the wound takes its toll.
Dean flushes, heat creeping down his neck and starting to swirl low in his belly. He can practically feel Cas smirking as the bastard takes his hand, interlacing their fingers, sweeping his thumb over his.
Castiel tilts his head, raising an eyebrow. Dean nods.
Dean crosses his arms.
The remains of the fire sit ash grey in the middle of camp. Anna and Gabriel’s things are gone, as well as their horses. But Dean’s horse is still grazing next to the nearby tree, Emmanuel’s palomino nearby.
“What’s happened?”
Bela just stares back from inside the flaming ring, impassive.
“Try it out.”
Castiel laughs.
Up ahead, a noise disturbs the quiet. Something not too far off, struggling.
“Don’t suppose there’s any chance I could get that name.”
He stops abruptly. Cas has vanished. In his place is a black cat, slowly curling up on the end of the bench they had been sitting on. The cat tucks his tail around him, looking at Dean smugly.
Castiel sees the terrified gaze Dean’s giving him, and tries to sit up, reaching for his cheek.
“Needed to get away for a bit,” she mutters.
Castiel raises his hands.
Bobby shoves the gawking courtiers aside, fanning Sam with a parchment—Mary is rushing over, growing alarm on her face.
Luke holsters his gun, calmly returning his hands to the reins.
“Happy birthday, Dean,” she says.
Cas orders for them, and comes back with Mocha Almond Fudge, which he always gets, literally every single time—and Dean takes a deep breath. Now or never.
Castiel makes a small indignant sound.
Michael strikes him. Castiel moans in pain, everything red and black. Michael looks back at the delicate golden chain, eyes glinting.
She glances over her shoulder.
“Do you really think so little of me?”
Castiel can’t even think about demons, or danger—he throws himself to Anna's side and pulls her into his lap, fumbling to stem the river of red pooling through his fingers.
“Could it be that you’re hoping a certain rogue angel will show up?” She asks, smirking.
Anna is backing away slowly, eyes fixed on something in front of her. Castiel grabs her waist and she falls back into his arms, shaking violently. He drags his eyes up, his question dying in his throat.
“Let’s just go.”
Then Sam stands and sets off across the hall, heading straight for Bobby. Dean frowns, hissing at him.
Castiel fumbles for his face, shaking his head.
Charlie opens the door, and someone swans in, someone who is definitely
The vivid image of Dean, Dean collapsing, Dean telling him to remember, Dean kissing him on his bed—
“Fame and fortune, my young friend.”
"Friend?"
“You’re in love with your mystery guitarist.”
“Seriously?” Dean smirks. “Rookie move, Sammy.”
It’s no secret that Castiel is a witch, in fact, it’s a point of pride. It’s considered a great honor to have a town witch, and Madame Novak served as theirs for nearly eighty years. So when she died last fall, the entire town was devastated—devastation that very quickly turned into excitement when it was announced that the old estate would be taken by her grandson—the sole heir to her magic and her fortune.
Luke whips his head around, quickly pinpointing the noise. He sniffs like a bloodhound, baring his teeth.
He mists up, slightly, when Alicia and Charlie exchange vows. They both look beautiful, in their dresses, with matching flowers in their hair, and Cas can’t help the ache of joy as he watches two of his greatest friends profess their love. But he finds his eyes sliding to the man beside them, who’s holding it in just about as well as Cas himself is.
They both crumple up the papers and toss them away.
It rumbles through them and shakes the rafters, a flaring white-blue light of heat and flame—
"Ruby," Sam repeats. "That's your name?"
,” he says, lazily bringing up a hand to inspect his fingernails. “Seems like you want something a bit more permanent than the usual fare, am I correct? Something that’ll stop them for good?” He glances up. “Or did you just want to invite one for tea?”
“Closer,” he murmurs. “Like this.”
Dean listens as the guy plays through the final chords of the song, and he’s still standing there, frozen, long after the room next door has descended into silence.
“Fine city.”
“And I think I’ll get another drink,” he mutters, starting off towards the bar.
“But I’m only doing this to save your life, so you don’t die of a broken heart—”
For the first time, Ruby seems genuinely surprised. She turns in her seat, her eyebrows raised
“Yep. Or Cas. Either’s fine,” Castiel says, holding out the envelope. “Wound up with one of yours again.”
They manhandle him into the Impala and Dean sits in the back, fuming, arms tightly crossed.
“Christ—can’t you two give it a
“We should do that,” Anna says. “Y’know. When this is all over.”
Dean crosses his arms.
Behind him there’s a click of a bottle, and then Cas’s fingers are back, sliding two inside him with barely a burn. Dean huffs out a throaty chuckle.
A picture. He needs a goddamn picture of himself.
By a backdrop of stars, Dean kisses him once more, and well―that’s as good a start as any.
“What?” The sheriff says mockingly. “You don’t trust me?”
She stood at the door and waved them off, all the way until they were out of sight of her inn, on the path towards the mountains.
Castiel smiles.
He finishes sewing up her bandage and sits back, placing things back in his pack. She runs delicate fingers over the cotton, bowing her head slightly.
Castiel winces. Fuck.
Castiel reaches out, takes his hand, and Dean's excuse dies in his throat.
Those eyes fall on her again, burning with cold fire.
“See, some of us don’t like you Winchesters,” the tall one says, advancing on him. “Some of us don’t think you’re our
“Yeah, I’m talking to you,” Charlie says. “Hi. Hello. Hey.”
“Aw, hell,” he mutters, turning around. “Screw it. We’re getting this sorted out now.”
Dean chuckles under his breath. He scoots closer to her so that she can hear him over the thumping music and flashing lights. He takes his mask off, because it’s hard to be heartfelt with cheap plastic on your face.
Something is wrong.
Anna nods, downing the rest of her water. She tries to join him on the couch, but he vehemently blocks her, wrinkling his nose.
Dean’s hands flail, trying to seize him again, but Castiel can’t take it anymore.
“We’ll see about that.”
Ellsworth holds up his hands—or tries to, best he can manage—scrambling to get the words out.
Gabriel bats his eyelashes.
He reaches for her, fingertips just brushing her thigh. Anna jerks back, snatching her knife from the bedside table. He pouts.
“Lilith—“ she gasps. “It was Lilith.”
The next morning, Dean brings Cas his coffee. He’s up, but hasn’t got out of bed, doodling in his sketchbook.
The rest of Sam’s indignation is lost to the roar of the club. Dean sulks into his whiskey, watching as Eileen dissolves into laughter with the rest of them, before looking up at Sam with stars in her eyes.
“I'll admit, I'm a little surprised to see you. Thought you'd be long gone from Colorado by now," Emmanuel says.
Charlie smiles.
Sam meets Dean’s eyes, shaking his head.
"Dean.”
“I honestly don’t understand his moods anymore,” she says quietly.
Gabriel shrinks back, crouching down, holding his head in his hands.
Ketch goes pale. Gabriel releases Mick, nudging him forward.
Her eyes fall on the small table by the door, and her throat tightens.
“No problem.”
She tosses everything back into the med kit, and Castiel pulls his shirt back on, chewing his lip. Anna braces her hands against the table, furrowing her brow.
"What's been up with you lately. We gonna talk about it, or not?"
“Tried that,” Sam says. “Not gonna go through that mess again.”
Emmanuel laughs, leaning back, and Dean mourns the loss.
Dean is trembling.
There’s a raging fire searing in his brain, but he can’t remember exactly why.
Tasha covers Castiel's hand with her own, her voice quavering.
"Cas?"
It had not occurred to him before, but would Castiel enjoy the court? Would he approve of Dean’s life here? The endless posturing, the constant inane conversation with lesser men—
“Hey, what’s up? You don’t like it, or something?”
He digs his hand in his jeans, fumbling with the wrappers as they step out of the car, the woman and the small girl approaching them.
He turns.
He doesn’t want to deal with them. Castiel closes his eyes, remaining motionless until he drops off into limbo, or into sleep, whichever takes him first. When he finally opens his eyes again, there’s the clatter of plates and sound of voices echoing down the hall, and his head no longer feels like someone’s trying to drill through it. He sits up slowly, rubbing a hand over his face. He drops his eyes, blinking slowly—and then he sees it.
That was the one time he had weakened. When Dean had been on the verge of reaching out, wanting to touch him, smooth away the worry lines on Castiel's brow—but he remembered himself just in time. It wasn’t allowed.
They never stood a chance.
He looks at the few holdouts, waggling his eyebrows.
“Charlie.”
“Shit." He pauses. "They alright?"
But finally he gives in, telling Sam about his own encounter with the strange man in the woods.
“Got a general store in town. Gruen’s.” He rubs his nose. “Local inn has decent food. Beds too, if you need ‘em.”
“You’ve been a bad boy, Dean. A
Dean stops, closing his mouth, his lips pressed into a tight line. Castiel looks up.
Now to see if he could keep it. Dean is still incredibly dangerous, even unarmed.
He straightens, casting a stone into the lake’s dark depths.
“He’d come right away wouldn’t he, come for his sister’s precious vessel—”
There’s blood trickling down his temple, and it hurts to breathe, the world slowly falling silent, everything turning to dark, to gray.
But Mary is already standing, descending the steps from the throne. Sam follows at a distance, his eyes on Castiel. Dean cannot read his face.
Castiel’s hand reaches up, and before he’s pulled under again by the opiate, his fingers brush along Dean’s cheek.
She holsters her pistol, lips curling into a devilish smile.
Dean lowers his hand, glaring mutinously at the fire encircling him, the shadows from the flames illuminating the hate on his face.
"Interesting."
His unseen challenger huffs.
Anna's gun is out and in her hand in a second. The three of them stand motionless, the wind swirling through the smithy's open door, rattling the wood with a ghostly howl.
He slowly pulls his revolver from its holster, clearing his throat.
They all stare at him, Sam tense by his side. Anna's hand finds Castiel's under the table, and he grips it tight.
She glances down at him, a smile curling her lip.
Ruby grabs Sam's hands and places them on her hips, warm, soft.
“Wanna see—“
Abaddon's blade. Nestled in a black briefcase. Barely 10 feet away from him.
Dean thrusts up against him, and Castiel cries out, gasping.
A few hours later finds them in a shallow dell near the tracks, a couple miles out from Clayton, opposite a line of outlaws.
Dean can’t string words together, he can only mumble incoherently into Charlie’s shirt.
They won’t stop him now. Nothing will stop him.
“Believe me, we’ll try to make sure he
Dead, their eyes blank and staring, Castiel covered in their blood, his pale fingers wrapped delicately around the twisted black, finally in its rightful place.
Beside Castiel, Anna’s hand twitches.
“Alright, alright. I know you’re much more than that.”
“I just hope he’s okay,” she says softly.
Dean glares.
They’re both strangely silent, and Dean feels a catch in his throat, wanting to form some sort of comment, but utterly unable to think of anything.
The clock in the town square strikes half past six. And Dean still isn’t back.
But then there was Tulsa.
Castiel falters, tripping over his tongue.
But instead of filling him with dread, the thought of Dean joining him on the road is…not unpleasant.
“I don’t get it either,” he admits eventually. “But hopefully now he’ll have some answers. He said Charlie could help him.”
She looks up.
He follows Ramirez to the city center, his angel eyes sharp, his senses attuned to any possible danger. He receives some strange looks, perhaps because he has no coat, only a thin jacket to fight against the winter chill, or perhaps because such a young boy should not be traveling alone. Castiel does not notice, or care. No one approaches him.
Alastair snarls.
“The way those two have been acting the past couple of days, there’s no way it’s not going to happen tonight,” she says happily.
"Dude, that was awesome."
“Cas…”
Dean sits quietly next to her on the bench, crossing his arms tightly. He thinks if he hadn’t, he might have done something stupid. Like take her hand.
Castiel bickers with Dean for almost an hour over breakfast, insisting that he’s perfectly capable of driving home.
“And I see you’ve lost yours,” she fires back. “What the hell, man?”
She just points.
Castiel yanks the wheel, his heart pounding. He just hopes he gets there before Naomi does.
After a moment he surfaces, hair dripping wet.
Sam had left as soon as he was restocked and his solid little chestnut was rested—she greeted him on his return from the sheriff’s station, eyes bright, pawing at the ground.
“Then what? What are you!” He shouts.
“Those demons are dead. Obviously."
“I’m Ketch. I don’t get rejected.”
“Perhaps it is time for me to get my kingdom back,” Michael sneers.
Dean darting forward, one hand closing around an archangel’s wrist.
"You always were the clever one," she says softly.
Dean places his hat back on his head.
“I need to talk to you.
sniffing around Eileen a couple days ago—”
“Wow,” he says softly.
Castiel’s elbow slips off the table.
Anna’s voice filters dimly through his brain. She’s frozen beside him, holding out a hand.
“Hush,” Dean smirks, slapping his ass.
“This bond,” he says, voice small. “It’s for life.”
He spares the briefest of glances over his shoulder, and sees three men, following him.
“Noooooo. No.” He laughs awkwardly. “I mean—as a friend, of course.”
Sam sits on the desk—something Dean’d normally scold him for—but he knows Sam’s trying to cheer him up, so he lets it be.
And freezes.
First, his infatuation with Castiel, and now this.
She whirls on Dean.
Cas is breathing hard now, looking up at him with lidded eyes as Dean straddles him, their clumsy rutting adding to the sloppy chop of water around them. It’s getting good, they’re really into a rhythm now, and Dean is panting against Cas’s ear, reaching down, and―
“Definitely—“
The brother curls his hand into a fist and Castiel snarls, pulling his gun.
“Sam!”
Eileen looks. She follows Ketch’s gaze to where he’s pointing, and what she sees breaks her heart.
Is that the best you can do—“
“Well, that’s your name, isn’t it?” He asks. “Figured I oughta start using it.”
She abruptly pulls back, looking him up and down.
Ayyy cockles reference *finger guns*
“I’m crazy. I just had dinner with a cat.”
“Wonderful,” Castiel mutters.
“I need six men.”
He finally gets to the corner of the graveyard that not many people know, where the statues are thick, and no one will see him.
The group falls into silence. Dean steps forward, pushing a branch aside, trying to see better.
“Like that?” He chuckles lowly, grinding lazily against him, the slide slick and perfect and hot against his overheated skin. Castiel whimpers, blindly grabbing at him, clutching him tighter. He can feel the heat pooling in his groin, a fire simmering underneath his skin, spiraling higher and higher, and—
“That's what I thought.”
Dean scoffs.
Maybe they’ll manage to hang three more.
Dean drapes an arm over her shoulder, gesturing towards the two Remingtons.
“It won’t be a problem,” he declares proudly. “Not if we follow Emmanuel's trail.”
"Does the water frighten you?" He asks, beaming. Dean scowls.
Dean gasps, Cas’s other hand tightening on his hip.
“He’s gonna draw, Em,” Anna whispers urgently from behind him. “You don’t know how fast he is—”
Anna tugs slightly at the ties around her wrists. They’re just loose enough that she can curl her wrist, fingers just brushing the edge of her sleeve.
Ketch glares up at him, but after a moment, he shoves himself up, stalking out of the room. With a sheepish sort of salute, Mick disappears after him.
“Yeah,” he says, his mind already buzzing, working quickly. “I’ll give it to him.”
It’s been years since Castiel last saw his brother’s face, but now, he’s nearly unrecognizable. A violent, mutated thing—from the magic going sour over the years—distorting and twisting his features beyond recognition.
He struggles to push himself up, gasping. Bela is standing over him, a triumphant smile curling her lips.
He strides past the shocked faces, either oblivious or simply not bothered to care, moving to the kitchen and pulling down a glass, helping himself to the liquor cabinet.
Castiel holds up a finger. “On one condition.”
, Dean says tentatively.
Dean lets himself be shuttled along, retreating back into himself. He is. He is pathetic.
“Anna.”
“Bela.”
Gabriel smacks down on his lollipop and pulls out the bare stick, eyeing it appreciatively before tossing it in the direction of the trash.
Alright. Here we go.
“Shit,” Castiel mutters.
But Charlie is already raising a hand, and the demon is gone with a flick of fingers.
Castiel yells, smothering half the flames as he rolls out of it, scrambling away. Dean quickly darts through the break and advances on Anna, his eyes cold.
“You think…”
“Y—you—“
>ours seems to be headed towards drunken disaster
She shrugs.
“It’s my fault. That you’re an orphan.”
He never thought it would end like this. That they would end like this.
—he had forgotten—the ball in honor of his birthday. Cas could come, meet his family, no need to mention a curse. Why hadn’t he thought of it before?
The guns all start firing at once. It only takes about a second before Mackey and Caleb are both falling down, dead.
Castiel snaps out of his haze when Gabriel sits up, groaning. He rushes to his side, helping him stand.
“Naomi!” she shouts. “
“Seem to be hearing that a lot lately,” Cas says in his ear.
"If there is, I've never met them.”
Ruby does a double-take when he steps through the doors. Sam thinks it’s the first time he’s seen her ruffled.
. And not two hours' ride away from Emmanuel and the Roost.
He snaps the book closed, flipping it in his hands.
Castiel freezes.
From: Dean
He gets lost again as they enter the castle, but with Sam's help they quickly find the main hall again, heading up to the second landing and their rooms.
He’s quiet for a minute, looking over the sigils on the wall, glowing slightly in the dim light.
“Because I’m starting to think it was all a lie,” she seethes. “Another big deception. For fate. For destiny.”
Castiel doesn’t move for a minute. He fights himself, hands clenching, his thoughts an ugly tangled mess. He just needs, he has to—
―Marilyn Monroe
“I need to...you know,” he says, making a lame gesture with his hands.
“Hey.”
He stands quickly, Anna backing Bela into the corner of the room, the tip of the blade just under her chin. Sam spills the oil behind Anna, igniting it with a snap of his fingers once she’s clear.
Charlie is a good friend. She stays, makes sure he’s alright, keeps him company until she knows Anna and Gabriel are due back.
“This is your last warning, Gabriel,” Castiel says lowly. “Get out or I throw you out.”
"Yes."
Dean swallows.
Dean swallows.
When they finish, Bela stands, nodding curtly.
“Well,” Castiel snarls. “Guess it’s good to know where your loyalties lie.”
The Bible. Of course.
“Of course.”
“No.” Ruby keeps shaking her head, her heart pounding wildly. “I never meant—“
She turns, a smile stealing across her face as she walks across the parking lot. Zeke shakes his head as she gets closer, his arms crossed.
They both agree it’s painful.
“Yeah. Dust in the wind and all that.”
“No,” he begs, stuttering over the word. “No, no, please—“
Dean looks taken aback, that Castiel is suddenly snappish and short with him.
“You may have learned some new tricks in the pit, but you’ll do well to remember.”
The man blinks.
“You’re awful quiet over there.”
He just looks for a minute, before climbing back over the bridge’s railing, sliding back in the car.
Breathe. In. Out.
―Charles Bukowski
Castiel smiles.
“You’re back.”
“You don’t know how long I’ve waited for you,” Dean mumbles. “Centuries to find someone just like you,” he gasps, pressing a hot open-mouthed kiss to Castiel's collarbone.
“I’m sorry, Cas, I—“
Anna glances up, raising an eyebrow.
His voice is broken, desperate. It freezes Castiel, down to his blood, down to his very soul.
She looks at the angels behind her. They're silent, hanging on her words.
Gabriel emerges from one of the back rooms, throwing down a Winchester rifle onto the table in front of them, adding to the small stockpile of weapons they’ve been gathering.
“Apparently it’s all he ever talks about.”
She slowly moves forward, stepping through the fire, hissing pits of tars sucking at her boots.
The man continues, speaking hesitantly.
“Uh uh,” he says, his tongue thick as molasses. He knows he’s got her trapped against the edge of the table, but Sam shakes his head, a smile edging on a grimace splitting his lips.
Castiel can’t help but feel that he had left something behind in that earth.
At any other time, Dean would roll his eyes at Cas’s complete lack of sugarcoating, but he’s focusing all his energy on not bolting out of this bar, away from Cas and this friggin’ conversation.
It’s lost as he slides under again.
Castiel raises an eyebrow.
She stares at him, yelling at herself in her mind.
“Stay here,” he tells Sam. “Take care of her. I’m going to bring the bastard back.”
Sam snaps his book closed, hissing at him.
Sam’s eyebrows shoot up into his hair.
“Sometimes,” the boy says softly.
Dean’s babbling now, words just spilling out of him.
Reds, yellows, even blues among the green, vastly improving the cold, harsh grey of the graves. He isn’t sure why he hadn’t thought of it before. It had struck Castiel one morning as he read the paper, and he had thought of him. Joshua.
The shifter had thrown him and disappeared, Anna and Dean after it. When Castiel finally gets vertical and clears his head, the both of them are nowhere to be seen. Castiel jams his hand into his pocket, only to find the mangled remains of his phone.
Charlie smirks.
Castiel starts pacing slowly, feeling slightly dizzy from the blood loss. He starts off low, his anger pulsing in every word.
“Me too,” he mutters.
She cups her hands in the water, lifting it to drink.
“So that’s the big fight that’s coming? The goddamn
He curses himself, shaking his head. Too much time in the sun, not enough water. Anna’ll have his head if she finds out. And Castiel’s got enough on his plate—he doesn’t need her extra worry on his conscious.
Emmanuel smiles back, a soft secretive smile that makes Dean’s heart soar. It smothers the streak of guilt at abandoning the trail towards home so easily.
“Hey, Cas?” He says softly.
He falls back against the bed, screwing his eyes shut. He chokes on his breath, desperately trying to calm down.
She comes around the counter, crossing her arms.
Dean is firm.
“Time for what?”
“God—I’m so sorry—I had no idea he would want to come.”
Cas laughs, staring at Dean. The alcohol has made given him spots of color on his cheeks, and he’s looking at Dean like he hung the moon—in fact, they’re both positively glowing. But Charlie can’t give herself the time to stop and congratulate herself—she’s got a mission.
Gabriel and Anna exchange a look. Dean holds up his hands.
“Release me.”
Her clothes are ripped, her hair askew, nose and lip steadily dripping blood.
The boy eyed him for several silent moments.
Is it possible to love someone, without ever speaking a word to them?
Dean blushes.
he wants to scream.
“Just don’t smother the poor guy.”
Castiel panics. He bolts, ripping away from her.
“When you’re wearing clothes,” he continues, a hint of mischief in his tone. “It’s always the same ugly-ass coat.”
”So, um.”
Castiel can’t move.
“I know what you are.”
A fucking angel in his car. Or at least, something that called himself an angel. Castiel longed to pull out his gun and show this
“You tripped over your pants,” he finishes, the tail end of his laugh turning into a punched out moan as Cas abruptly stops, one hand coming to Dean’s neck.
Castiel pushes against Sam, finally ripping away his hand and screaming for all he’s worth.
Dean swallows.
“Cas,” he sighs into his ear. “Cas.”
“I—you can’t—“
Castiel scoffs.
Dean just stands there, beaming at him.
He is Castiel. And he's home.
He stops, looking down at his feet.
He moves quickly now, haunted by the possibility.
Luke tightens his grip on the reins.
"You knew about this?"
“Same.”
Max dumps the bags on the counter, and Gabriel starts to root through them, finally surfacing with a bottle full of golden liquid.
“I can’t believe you still pretend you hate it,” he teases back.
“Call you tonight,” she says, kissing his temple. Castiel doesn’t miss the warning note in her voice.
“Father helped me make it,” he says softly.
“So.”
want know why we spend all our time talking about Dean’s love life,” Alicia says sensibly.
Dean hesitates, but takes the offered hand, shaking it firmly. He quickly pulls his hand back, and in absence of something witty to say, he settles for taking a sip of whiskey, nearly gagging at the harsh taste.
“They’re watching me, too,” he whispers, and hurries off.
“After all, what is strange but something new?” Dean asks.
“You don’t have to resist anymore,” she whispers.
“He won’t be stealing from anyone again,” the woman says.
He cinches one of the full bags and tosses it to Dean. Dean catches it, confused.
“Vicodin?” Dean asks incredulously, looking up. “Where’d you get this?”
Charlie purses her lips.
After I
is creativity.”
Ketch opens his mouth just as Gabriel slams the door in his face.
He sighs.
The world tilts and Castiel collapses, his cheek hitting the ground.
“Cas,
“Of course,” he says.
“Foreigners,” the first man spits.
“Wait—“
“I don’t want to go.”
Castiel sees Sam’s eyes narrow, still assessing him, watching him for a potential threat—but he ignores Castiel and grabs Winchester’s arm, pulling him towards where Bobby and Gabriel are now crouched. Gabriel stands—stupidly stands and is exposed for a heart-stopping moment—but hits the point rider, a straight shot that drops him like a sack of potatoes. Castiel whips around, looking for the third—
Anna struggles against his hold, nearly crying, but Gabriel won’t let go—
Dean pulls him close and speaks his gratitude against his lips, hoping Castiel understands.
He glares at him, nearly delirious. Sam sets his jaw.
“Damn,” he mutters, eyeing the golden liquid appreciatively.
“How good are you with knives?” Dean asks, standing.
Anna doesn’t speak. She just looks.
“I’m willing to find out, though,” Cas murmurs. His hand moves down and he laces his fingers with Dean’s. “The things I don’t know about you.”
“Ashcroft,” Ruby repeats softly, her eyes unfocused.
“He’s fine,” Anna says firmly. “I know he is.”
“That’s when they got him. All because I was a coward,” he finishes bitterly.
For a moment, it looks like he might try to deny it. Then he clenches a hand, tilting his chin up.
He still can’t believe it. Bobby.
But he’s barreling on.
Sam looks around, utterly confused, wondering if this is some sort of trick. The girl keeps motioning him towards her, now hissing under her breath.
>This is his, correct?
He stalks back inside, conscious of Sam following him. Dean throws the hammer on the desk, dropping into his chair.
“Seriously, I thought angels were supposed to be intelligent,” he says, facing Dean. “God waste all those brains on the mud monkeys?”
Okay…maybe he’s good. Really good.
Cas snorts, tugging at Dean’s left sock.
Dean is not officially confined to his room, but he feels like he might as well be. He takes his meals there, Bobby comes by at the appointed times for his lessons—the only time he emerges is when he must meet with a courtier, or make some decision for the feast on Saturday. His mother watches him strangely, forlornly, as if hoping Dean will finally decide to confess, to tell her the truth.
Castiel looks down, and he’s suddenly very grateful that he’s too drunk.
“What?” Dean growls, whirling on him.
“Like she did anything.”
“Well. That’s why I’m here,” he mutters. “Been chasing this Emmanuel all over Colorado Territory. And someone said he was heading up to the Roost.”
There’s a hint of humor in Emmanuel's voice.
He safely returns Jimmy Novak to his bed, and for his benefit as much as his own, wipes the encounter from the boy’s mind. He is not so sure Jimmy would be so easily convinced a second time.
“Cas.”
“I will complete you,” Abaddon whispers. “We will be one.”
“Knew you’d say that,” Alicia smiles. “So we came prepared.”
Dean seizes her shoulders, stopping her.
After that night, Castiel had thrown away everything he’d ever given him. Every trinket, every gift, every scrap of paper―pathetic trophies of infatuation that Castiel had saved like a fool, pressed between the pages of his books.
Lee Chambers is a graying, rugged looking man, who sizes him up the second he sets foot in the station. He cuts through all Sam’s bullshit and just says it flat.
to shoot him, he really didn’t—”
“You can’t kill me and you know it. You need Anna for your little apocalypse, and she won’t do a thing you say if you lay a finger on me.”
But she shoves her chair back and stalks out of the room.
“I think you know, Dean,” he whispers.
Naomi tilts her head, her tone the imitation of pity.
He pulls the car up, and cuts the engine. For a moment, he just stares.
He sees Sam shake his head, tucking a hand into his pocket.
"It was sloppy," Alastair continues. "Child’s play to follow you after that.”
Gradually, gradually, his heart slows, and he’s left shivering.
“But you
“Cas? Cas—you there?”
“Not exactly,” Dean murmurs.
“Wouldn’t dream of it.”
It had been sixty-two days since his last angel visit when the air is filled with another rush of wings. Castiel doesn’t even bother to look up from his book.
“I never disobeyed an order in my life, in my
How do you stop an archangel?
“Seems...it would be a….shame. If they found out where you were being kept.”
“If you insist on calling me sire, than I shall have to call you Benjamin.”
Alicia stands, gesturing.
Castiel places his hat back on his head, tipping it.
There’s a horse on it’s back, struggling to right itself—several other riders struggling to regain control of the animals—a few finding cover as well, answering bullet for bullet. Anna must’ve found another spot already, because shots are echoing faster than Dean can follow, barely one missing their mark.
“Hallelujah, brother," intones a voice. "We are gathered here to absolve the sinner before his final journey.”
She stops to take a breath, biting her lip.
“The one I told you about,” she says. She grips Sam's wrist, holding tight.
Dean coughs.
“When it’s bad?” She murmurs, her lips catching on his. “When it’s wrong?”
“And this is my eldest. Dean.”
“I couldn’t save them, I didn’t—“
"Lilith—wait."
he whispers, his voice hoarse.
He smiles, shaking his head.
“Cas,” he breathes. “Cas.”
Charlie purses her lips, nose in the air. But after a moment she reaches out and takes it.
Gabriel completes the final incantation, the words ringing through the dark silence.
Dean throws out a hand, grabbing his leg. Marv struggles, kicking out at him. Dean growls, grip twisting tighter, his vision still dancing. Christ—when he’d imagined arresting someone, it certainly hadn’t been this—wrestling a pot-bellied old man in the middle of the desert.
When Anna came to me, offered up her own special type of skill, I could not refuse.
“Um. I…” He looks up, but he doesn’t know what to say.
“Yes, sir.”
A pause, and then the man swings off his horse. Dean only catches a glimpse of boots, the edge of a long dark coat—and then the man is gone, perhaps to investigate whatever remains of Marv.
He removes it, and Cas’s heart drops for a second, before Dean holds his hand out again.
“But I was wrong,” Dean says flatly. “I understand that now.”
“Surprised you’re not running now,” Dean mutters. “Now that the war’s happening again.”
Dean takes a step forward.
“I’m sorry,” he murmurs, fighting back tears. He breathes deep, steeling himself as the air around him shatters again, sending a pulsing bolt through the earth beneath his feet.
“What do you mean?”
“It might,” he whispers. “By God, it might.”
Benny narrows his eyes.
“Dean, my child,” she says, beckoning him forward. “Your mother wishes to give you a gift.”
“Come on,” he whispers. “You can tell me.”
The table is back now, the cherry bowl sitting there, undisturbed. Castiel paces in front of it, dropping a shaking hand to his wrist, gripping at his mother’s rosary. He clings to it, muttering under his breath.
“I ripped it out.”
“That’s why I was assigned,” he says. “To protect her. So she’d be safe until it was time.”
Her lips curl.
“Definitely like Dean, though…it’s a good one.” He shifts, absentmindedly stroking Castiel’s back as he continues to ramble on.
“An old-fashioned idea,” Dean mumbles.
“Where was the last place you had it?”
“It ain't even a good picture,” Dean mumbles.
Castiel hesitates. There’s nothin’ but open honesty in the boy’s expression, but—
The man barely acknowledges him, hands clasping around his glass.
Sam freezes. Very slowly, he turns on the spot, staring murderously at the source of the voice.
“You know, I was thinking about how you basically recycled my mail for the last month—”
Dean steps forward willingly, smirking slightly at him. But Castiel just pulls him close, resting his forehead against his own.
Castiel nods as she grabs her wallet and the spare key, heading towards the door. She looks back at him, her fingers tapping the handle.
“I guess...I guess it’s just hitting me how long two years really is,” he said finally.
"Yes!"
He slides his hands around to Cas’s ass, teasing to go lower. But Cas takes Dean's hands and gently removes them, shaking his head.
Dorothy leans over, snagging Charlie’s glass from her hand.
Castiel swallows, a strange pit of guilt sitting heavy in his stomach.
Whatever. Fuck him.
Eileen props herself up, peering at Sam’s phone.
or some other mumbled words that Castiel can’t focus on, because a fire is consuming him, raging through his body and burning in his blood. Dean breathes hard against his neck, teeth gently scraping at skin, and Castiel feels almost drunk, reeling when Dean dizzies him with another heady kiss.
Anna shoots Dean a glance, and hopes he understands, in that freaky angel way of his. As much as Anna trusted Zeke, she wasn’t sure how he’d react to the news that she had basically kickstarted the apocalypse.
But then he was called, to leave Heaven, to take a vessel; and for a trifle of a thing. To ensure the safety of one Luke Ramirez.
“Holy oil,” she says quickly. “You have got to stay quiet, and stay out of sight, you understand me? It’s the only way this will have a chance in hell of working—“
“Not really the time, Cas,” Dean mutters.
“Believe me, Cas,” he says lowly. “It took me all of about an hour to realize how badly I fucked up. But by that time the solar flares were surging and we had to go.”
“He’s probably dead by now,” a third voice says.
“Seriously?”
“More beer!” Gabriel shouts, standing.
“Never seen it before in my life,” he says thickly, licking his lips. “Now, boys—”
He catches sight of himself in the mirror.
“Wait,” he mumbles. “Wait.”
A great cheer goes through the crowd. Meg blows them all a kiss as the music starts, the sweet trill of the piano mixing with the sound of talk and drink, the girls taking the stage for their dance. Meg gathers up her skirt in one hand, firmly holding Dean’s with the other, and starts up the stairs, Emmanuel following behind them. Dean glances around, unsure how it will look to the crowd to see the proprietor leading two men to her rooms—but the crowd is too drunk or too incensed by the dancers to care—and judging by the way Meg carries herself, Dean suspects no one would dare say a word against her.
Emmanuel takes the offered spoon and quickly swallows it down, squinting at the taste.
But he doesn't sound like he believes it either.
“Shut up, Cas,” Dean snarks back.
“Dude. Are you kidding?”
“Always."
They slip across the hall, into a small side door that puts them into the servant’s hallway. The girl walks quickly, with purpose, until they reach a door at the very end. Sam follows without hesitation this time, the girl shutting the door behind them. Sam looks around at the tiny room, the sparse furniture and ragged belongings. There’s only one small window, looking out on the night sky over the desert. This must be her room.
When he wakes, it’s still dark. Looks like it had rained briefly while he was out, and the light of the moon shines through the rain-spattered glass, dotting the leather of the backseat with stars. Castiel smiles faintly, yawning. He shifts to his side and goes to readjust the pillow under his head, when he remembers he didn’t bring a pillow.
Alastair shoves her back with sharp force, his face contorted in fury.
Dean just winces in pain, tightening the hand on his wrist. Castiel swallows his fear, hardening himself.
After a few minutes, they unfortunately reach the front of the line and have to scan their tickets, passing through the gate. Dean’s sweat glands have gone into overdrive, and he keeps wiping his palms on his jeans, shifting nervously. Cas, however, is cool as a fucking cucumber―smiling first at the flight attendant, then seemingly at every random person that passes by them after they settle into their seats.
Snarling, whirling black and ragged gray—blood and spiky red.
Castiel is lost. He feels loose and light, Dean trembling against him as he catches his breath, face tucked into his neck.
“Cas, god, please, please—“
“Pathetic,” she whispers.
“You…”
He can’t see Cas’s wings, but he can feel the phantom flaps buffering him, a reminder that this isn’t as insane as it feels. He’s also pretty sure he’s cutting off all the circulation in Cas’s hands, he’s squeezing them so hard.
“Dude,” he says again. “Sam, you sly dog, I thought you were gonna wait ‘til we got back!!”
Castiel clears his throat, but doesn’t move.
“Hey, you made it!”
“And…maybe everyone else who heard about it.”
“I’d like to think of it as more of a checklist.”
Max glances at Dean—who quickly averts his eyes, turning back to the saddle he had been working on. Max lets out a soft sound.
“Hoping he is,” he says softly.
The world swirls, everything flashing around them, and Castiel falls.
she says.
Castiel's head drops to the side, his eyes watering. He can see Dean, just barely, white-knuckled hand on his.
“God, fuck—
Castiel tilts his head, pinning him with that blue stare, and Dean loses his nerve.
He just looks at him, and Castiel can’t speak.
The square is destroyed. Half the buildings are shot up, three dead men lining the streets. Alastair is on his back, groaning, the remnants of the dynamite smoking around him.
“Dean,” Sam pleads. “I haven’t seen you in nearly a month—I spent the whole damn time looking for you, and just—”
“There’s a bar outside. I think there’s beer in the fridge, too.”
Castiel nods, then slowly pushes himself up. He’s a little wobbly, but he masks it. Bela had only fucked with his mind, sending pain through his body without actually touching him. And right now, Dean needs to be looked after. Dean needs him.
The second the door closes, Castiel yanks his phone out of his pocket, dialing quickly.
Castiel stares at him, speechless.
He didn’t know him, he hadn’t had enough time, but this shouldn’t happen, this isn’t fair—
“Rise and shine, outlaw,” he says with a sneer.
“Take it.”
Dean looks up.
Castiel just smiles mysteriously.
"Let's just say I know how siblings fight. Besides."
The man stops rambling, hazel eyes going wide.
“I am sorry it’s come to this.”
“I just hope it wasn’t the engineer,” he mutters.
He finds the edge of Castiel's jaw with his lips, alternating kisses and words into the line of his skin.
“Starting to think you’re more trouble than you’re worth, Sheriff.”
Dean nudges him slightly.
“Hold still.”
Zeke shakes his head a little, as if that could make the whole situation less confusing.
“I’m fine,” she says softly. “I’ll go to her.”
“It’s Morgan to you,” the first man hisses.
"I couldn’t close the gates of Hell, I couldn't keep these bastards locked up—"
Anna steps up, showing him her bandaged arm. Castiel touches the wrapping delicately, then looks up, the question in his eyes. Anna nods towards Dean.
Alastair's expression doesn’t change. He just continues to smile at her serenely.
Dean shakes his head, his brow furrowed.
Castiel whips around.
“If it’s a mistake, I’d say just roll with it.”
With a snap, he falls forward, the frayed ropes finally giving way. Castiel's frozen, in shock for a brief second. Then he jerks out of it, and strips the rest of the rope from his wrists, his heart pounding. He only has a couple seconds—
A slow grin spread across Dean’ face.
“Look…our problems are far from over. You’ll probably need to know how to use one before long. It’d be nice for you to get a feel for it first.”
Dean’s grip tightens in the rough material of Sam’s coat, then he releases him. Sam takes deep breaths, fighting back tears. Dean’s eyes are red, too.
Dean hears the crowd before he sees it. Muttering, laughing, some jeering, the people loud and abuzz, riled up, ready to see blood. They ride through masses of people, all who watch him like an animal at a zoo, curious to see the man the county had finally managed to catch. Women, men, even children, sitting on their fathers’ shoulders. His execution, turned into a sick show.
She raps her knuckles on the table.
Castiel is a little more expendable.
“You almost died, both of you, I almost—“
Cas drops his hands, glaring at Eileen’s legs.
“I like my car,” he repeats, but it’s not unkind. He can already tell. Dean has an uncanny way of worming his way into things. Castiel loves his family, obviously—he holds an unhealthy devotion to Anna and Gabriel—but he can count the number of friends he has on one hand.
Castiel curls one hand into a fist, exhaling slowly.
Dean tries to follow her steps, but something in his throat grows tight. Mary slowly brings them to a stop.
“Sure you don’t wanna go in?” Charlie asks, smirking. Dean slips on his sunglasses.
So that’s how Dean finds himself standing in the dinnerware section of Ikea, squabbling with Cas over the color of some crappy pieces of porcelain.
“I'm sorry,” Dean interrupts.  “What did you say?”
Anna’s voice echoes in and around him, her mouth falling open in shock.
Another figure approaches, behind the first man’s shoulder. Dean looks up, trying to see through the haze of pain. It’s a woman—her voice tells him that much—with a thin willowy figure, hat shading her face.
Eileen squints down at the screen, and slowly starts typing a reply.
He barely drives it anymore, seeing as it could technically be classified as a fossil at this point— but he feels like this trip warrants him pulling the tarp off and getting the old girl going again.
Dean glances up, his face splitting into a grin.
Cas accepts it, and drinks about half of it before stopping.
“Not on your life.”
Sam enters the bar, eyes assaulted by the bright lights. He inhales and gets a lungful of smoke, the air in the saloon heavy with tobacco. There are men in crowds scattered around the tables, some entertained by girls, by faro, others at games or drink.
In their sleepy Colorado town, the biggest crime of the last year had been…well. Nothing. A couple land disputes, settled by friendly discussion, some fights at the saloon—that was pretty much a given. But nothing else. Their town was quiet, their town was civil. Dean didn’t have much to do, most days. Sometimes he entertains the notion of leaving, to Blackwater, or Ridgeville, maybe even further. But their town needs a sheriff, needs a doctor, and Dean just keeps finding more and more excuses to stay.
“Thanks," he says quickly , grabbing his shirt.
And a head of wild red hair, hunched over in grief, cradling something in her arms.
Michael turns, a hateful shriek screaming from his beak.
“Feel free to sit.”
That half second is enough.
Besides, he thinks, as he watches Cas settle into the seat opposite him. He’s gotta keep his wits about him.
Sam smiles sadly, and grips Dean’s shoulder, comforting him without words.
“Um…” She shrugs. “Y’know.”
, with a nice jacket and a button up. Cas with his hair infuriatingly perfect, in a way where he very obviously tried to comb and style it, but then gave up when it proved to be too unruly. Cas with a bunch of flowers in his hands.
Gabriel glances back at him, a surprised but pleased look on his face.
Castiel doesn't bother to answer, the worry and fear in his blood boiling into rage.
“And you know what to do when you find him?” Ketch asks. Mick gives him a nod.
Dean spins, thoughts whirling, which outlaw to attack next, who to—
“After getting it into danger in the first place,” Anna mutters, now starting on the stitches, needle moving quickly back and forth.
Castiel closes his eyes, choking back a hysterical laugh.
Cas just laughs. The bastard. He’s
>Sam, I believe his name is.
He grabs the dynamite from Dean's hands, kneeling and quickly affixing the dynamite to the side of the safe.
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” he murmurs.
“Come again?”
Another flash of his hand, and Castiel is thrown back, panting hard. They both freeze, staring at the new deep gash in Castiel’s shoulder.
Dean doesn't move, staring at Gabriel. Sam looks livid, but he’s frozen as well, not close enough to intervene.
His voice is smooth, and dead. Empty.
“Shit,” he curses, after a moment. “Two riders.”
Alastair is good, there’s no doubt about it, but Abaddon is ruthless—coming at him from every angle, and finally she whips around his left side, her blade quick as lightning—
“Not all them are perfect as you,” he teases.
Just the preacher’s son, and the man whose only job had been to trim the hedges.
She ignores his attempt to joke and grasps his hand.
She grips his arm, her touch warm and solid.
He jerks up, breathing heavily, hanging on every word.
"Find a place for me to sit, would you?"
Sam's eyes are darting everywhere.
“Angel stamina, darlin’,” Dean says, tugging her over to the table. “But, hey, hey.”
Dean freezes up, initially shocked at the cool press of Castiel’s lips against his. But after a moment instinct kicks in, and he brings one hand to press against Cas’s back, leaning into him. Cas….smells really good. Like clean soap and a hint of aftershave, and—
“Fascinating,” he murmurs. Sam shrugs.
Dean trails off, sighing.
They were ready to rip each other’s throats out earlier, and now—
He looks up, seeing Dean framed opposite him, grinning cockily, and his stomach flips.
“Let it end!” He yells. “I don’t care, I don’t
All three of them are silent.
“It’s fucking different,” Castiel snaps. “You can’t control it, Anna—you said that yourself—"
Castiel stares at it for a minute. Then he gets up. The leather is soft, smooth and draping in his hands. He runs his fingers over the creases, the lapels. He’s held those lapels so many times, in anger, to pull him closer—
“Really?” Max raises an eyebrow, eyes dancing. “Seems like a waste.”
“If you knew,” Gabriel whispers. “If I find out you knew something and you could've stopped this, I'll—”
He has to get out of here.
“Cas, hey, hey, it’s okay―”
“You can’t do that—“ He gasps. “You can’t say perfect crap like that, I can’t—“
“I ain’t letting you nowhere near my teeth,” he says, placing his hat back on his head.
Meg’s fingers brush slowly over the couch.
“Um. Well.”
“Everything,” Dean breathes, laying a soft hand against his hip.
<what did he do?
He spits the name like a curse. Charlie flinches, but she doesn’t deny it.
She squeezes his arm, hard enough to hurt.
Castiel answers by taking two swift steps forward, sealing his mouth to Dean’s. Dean laughs, as Castiel kisses him again and again, smiling against his lips.
And three people, all dressed in crisp suits.
Dean merely grins in response, pulling his keys from his pocket.
Sam looks at her carefully. She’s not wrong. He remembers his own confusion and distrust, seeing a woman alone on the trail. But Ruby has certainly proved herself capable, and she would be a reliable asset. If they’re both looking for Emmanuel, it only makes sense for them to work together. And she saved his life. He owes her.
Castiel looks around wildly for the blade, nearly tearing the library apart. He finally spies it, a glinting black thing, on the top shelf of the bookcase—Sam must have moved it there—
“Of course I will, dude―”
“You’ll be fine,” he tells him, trying to keep the fear out of his voice. “Fine, you hear me? Sam or Charlie’s going to fix you up, and you’ll be okay. It’ll be okay—”
He opens his eyes and stares down the gaping void. He fights back every instinct telling him to turn and run.
“H-he’s gone,” Dean assures him, shakily brushing the hair from his eyes. “He’s dead. You’re safe.”
After a moment, Gabriel pulls the ratty coat from his shoulders and swaps it out for the drunk man’s, slipping it on, smiling as he sees the fit. He places his old coat back where the original one was, even pushing forward the drunkard’s head a little bit. The man falls back into the chair, letting out a loud snore.
Dean stills in his grip. He swallows hard, eyes closed.
"High card."
He watches him for as long as he can, but it isn’t long until his eyes start to droop. He could just close his eyes for a minute…just for a second…
Castiel is shaking, his throat choked with sobs.
It’s all gone. There’s nothing.
“Talk all you want,” Dean says. “I ain't listening.”
“I ‘spect you’ve had a run-in with a few of us before,” Castiel continues, watching the sheriff carefully. “Only reason for you to have such a hatred. Somebody wronged you.”
Castiel stops the hand that had been inches away from his neck, and they struggle against each other, the tip of Dean’s blade creeping closer.
“From the cross country team?” Dean says indignantly. “You were only on it one semester—”
“Well, hot damn, Dean Winchester’s in love,” Gabriel says. “Never thought I’d live to see the day.”
Sam drops another guard, and he sinks to the floor, unconscious. Dean walks cautiously, his footsteps making no noise. He’s slightly wary that it had been so easy.
“I was worried I might have to kill you to bring you in. Don’t think that’ll be an issue anymore. Bounty’s $25,000 for you alive. Only fifteen dead.”
She grabs his wrist, pulling his hand up towards her face so she can inspect the ring. Castiel, used to such treatment, lets her.
“Don’t we all,” the demon says.
She raises a hand, and Castiel quickly shoves Anna behind him—but she digs her fingers into his arm, and Sam is darting forward—
By the time it drags itself back into consciousness, Castiel’s already got it bound, standing before it, turning over the knife in his hands.
“I’m sorry,” he blurts, trying to move back. “I—“
He stops abruptly, seeing the outline of people peering curiously at their window in the door. He quiets, clenching his fists until the shadowy figures shake themselves and keep moving, and they’re alone again.
“Goodnight, doll,” she says sweetly. “Be careful.”
The demon behind her shoulder steps forward, but Abaddon raises a hand, stopping him. She looks Dean up and down, then lets out a tinkling laugh.
“Cas—“
Castiel takes her hand, kissing it delicately.
Cas presses a hand to his heart, his lip trembling a little. (Damn him and those acting classes he took their senior year of college, the
She ignores the sound of empty steps up to her chair, trying to think.
“Dean.”
“So I can appreciate him more,” Max answers airily.
“Abaddon was standing outside,” Charlie is saying, shaking her head. “And Cas came out, she must have forced him to do something, I don’t know—”
He looks down, tightening the grip on his gun.
“If you try anything…”
“Came all the way out here to kill you and looks like someone’s already done the job for me.”
She strides forward, yanking Anna away from her brother. Cas doesn’t seem to notice.
She bunches the pillow up under her head, trying to will her mind to turn off. But it just keeps running. She probably shouldn’t have had that third cup of coffee.
“Mind your tongue,” he hisses. “Or I’ll rip it out.”
“They’re gonna get us kicked out,” Eileen says, shaking her head.
Castiel releases Dean’s hand, falling back.
“It was real,” Dean mumbles, awkwardly rubbing the back of his neck. “I was trying to friggin’ propose to you, dumbass.”
"And you're Sam Winchester."
“Or not. Guess I’ll just be winging it.”
“There,” she says, tossing it down in front of them. “Same one we used to open it up the first time.”
He’s almost hyperventilating, unable to get the air into his lungs.
Sometimes he jokes about getting a cat of his own. Dean can’t really tell, but Cat never seems thrilled with the idea.
“What’s crawled up your butt today?”
“Please,” he says, softer this time. “Please.”
“You’re not taking them. I won’t let you.”
Gabriel starts pulling things from the box, and Cas waves a hand.
She throws her arms around his neck, pulling him close.
He looks up.
Anna lifts her hand, grimacing.
Emmanuel moves over to his palomino, strapping the bag to his saddle. He and Gabriel both mount up, turning away from the carnage without a second glance. Dean supposes they've seen worse. They don’t call him the angel of death for nothing.
“Is he—“
Cas just looks at him for a moment, then stands, nearly upsetting the table.
He’ll never forget the first time Sam blew him off to hang out with a girlfriend.
"See you then."
Abaddon stares at her for a minute, then she scoffs, jabbing an accusing finger towards her.
“Damaged?”
“How could I forget?” He asks, his voice a low rumble that makes Dean’s toes curl. Cas continues on his path down Dean’s neck, and starts a maddening slow grind against Dean’s dick, still infuriatingly separated by two layers of cloth.
He darts forward, rushing towards Dean, who panics, dropping back.
The girl was the bigger problem. With a gun in her hands, Dean’d be dead—one shot to the head and that’d be the end for him. But when she takes her belt off to turn in for the night…
“Just...slow down, will ya?” Dean says, and there’s a hint of a laugh there, the way he always sounded when he would talk Castiel off the ledge. But now, it only ignites the rage inside him, and Castiel rips his arm from Dean’s grasp, whirling on him.
He rocks his hips up, and Dean cries out, shocked into moving. Castiel snaps his loosened grip and arches, making Dean curve around him again, wishing him to forget words.
“Oh, really?”
It’s been a slow week. No hunts, no demons or angels wreaking havoc—and the general air of listlessness in the bunker had Dean itching. Men of Letters they may have been, but they didn’t have jack squat in way of culinary supplies. And they can’t exactly get shit
“No, no,” Emmanuel mutters, still resolutely shaking his head. “I’m not, that’s not—”
Abaddon smiles, tracing a thumb along his jaw. Her clothes are soaked in blood.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel murmurs.
It rings, once, twice, three times. Castiel closes his eyes, waiting for the inevitable voicemail to pick up.
“Cas—“
Anna holds up the gun.
club.
It’ll be a welcome relief. First few nights, out in the desert, he slept like the dead, not used to the roughness of the trail and the stamina to go all those miles. But slowly, Sam got used to it, and his sleepless nights had returned—his mind endlessly racing, thinking about his next move, where to go next, full of worry for his brother. Sam's starting to think he'll never see Dean again.
“I can’t—“
Luke silences him with a bullet to the head.
“When you said the magic in your family skipped you…” He shakes his head, a slow smile spreading across his face. “I don’t think that’s entirely true.”
He finds her in a side room off the main hall, crying.
“If you think I’m letting you spend the night next to us untethered, you got another thing comin’,” he says mildly.
The second man grips Dean's neck, pressing in closer. Dean recoils, the knife scraping his skin.
“After all, we’re the Remingtons.” He looks up, letting a cocky smile slide into place. “Whatever this thing is, it should be afraid of us.”
“He can be harsh, he can be disdainful—and he is utterly ruthless when it comes to love.”
“Thought you never missed.”
Sam is standing behind them, his face pulled into a forced smile. Dean doesn’t tear his eyes away from Castiel’s. They stare at each other, locked in stalemate.
He takes a jerky step forward, barely inches away from the flames.
Cas quickly slips on the ring, then starts tugging at his hand. Dean follows him, confused.
The man dips in through the window and switches off the music, frowning.
“Dude.”
Benny shakes his head.
That’s all the permission Dean needs. He grabs Castiel’s face, kissing him fiercely as he climbs into his lap, grinding down against him.
“Castiel,” he croaks, his voice breaking on the word.
Sam sits, back on the floor. There seems to be no available seating, everything and anything is covered with stacks of books, so Dean takes a seat beside him, sighing.
Castiel spins and stalks away from them, darting toward the burnt out shell, where someone he knew had once stood—
Mary comes up behind him, brushing the hair back from Dean’s forehead. He squeezes her hand briefly, and she settles in the chair beside him. He flips his book closed, for the words Bobby assigned him had done nothing but slip through his memory like wind.
Yes. He’s not falling now.
“Stay here,” she whispers hoarsely, starting towards the battered door. “I’ll go check it out.”
Castiel cuts him off.
He trembles in his arms, and Castiel closes his eyes, shuddering.
Dean grins and does in Cas’s lap, settling back. Cas grunts a little, because Dean ain’t exactly light, but he smiles as Dean braces himself, starting up a small swivel, rocking his hips back and forth. Cas’s other hand lightly skims, just hovering, never quite touching, up the inside of his legs, the skin just between thigh and pelvis, and Dean pants, clenching in anticipation.
Castiel yells, throwing himself forward. But Naomi slams him back with a wave of her hand, and he’s thrown to the floor, gasping for breath.
But Castiel still keeps getting the mail.
Emmanuel whips out his belt, and forces it in between Gabriel’s teeth. He fights him the whole way, snarling.
He hadn’t put those words to it, but now that Benny says it, it makes sense.
“You said you were a doctor, right?” Ruby says, panic in her eyes. “Then fix him!”
“I’m not going with Morgan,” Sam mutters.
And perhaps he is about to.
Dean bristles, about a half a second away from flashing his badge, when Cas slides in close next to him, linking his arm through Dean’s.
They’re quiet for the rest of the drive.
Raphael settles back down on the bed, never once breaking the gaze. He blinks slowly, and when his eyes open, they’re that deep, fathomless black.
Naomi seizes his throat, and he folds, gasping.
Castiel doesn’t know—doesn't know if it's Abaddon inside him, or
“You are the new king?” A clear voice asks.
Castiel laughs bitterly.
When Castiel doesn’t move, he gives him an exasperated look.
“Place your hand here,” he says.
He swallows.
"He's playing for both sides, Charlie," Dean says. She ignores him, still utterly focused on Sam.
Castiel just nods, clapping Gabriel on the back in a vain attempt to reassure him. “Where’s Sam?” Gabriel looks around. “Don’t we need him? To start the spell—“
Their lips meet, soft at first, tentative. Cas brings one hand up to the back of Dean’s neck and Dean melts against him, sinking against the feeling of Cas’s arm around him. They pull back for a moment, still pressed close, breathing softly. Cas’s eyes roam all over his face, like he can’t believe it, like he can’t believe he gets to have this. Dean knows. He feels exactly the same.
“Jeez, Cas, I shouldn’t have—“
Luke pulls his gun, cocking it.
“Why is my brother hurt?” She snarls. She whips out her knife, and Dean balks.
He hands Castiel a dish, and he dries it with a towel he conjures up, before setting it back in its place.
Uriel pulls back his heavy coat, hand resting on his pistol.
He’s not sure why, but his stomach is doing is somersaults.
Anna chews her lip for a moment, then curses, flopping over again. She rolls over onto her side, facing the empty side of the bed.
They stand there, absolutely still.
“Gabriel? Gabriel!”
He stumbles and sinks to his knees, Anna sliding out of his arms and crumpling on the floor. Dean hunches over, his hands barely supporting himself. Castiel kneels down, barely three feet away now.
“Don’t you do that. Don’t you dare.”
Another timber breaks and the walls crack around him—but he pushes himself up, standing tall.
“The library alone…" He smiles. "Such a collection of books. I don’t know when I’ll have time to read them all.”
"Go where?" Sam asks sharply.
Naomi flicks open the blade with her other hand, playing with the edge.
Castiel where it is, if he gets this rogue dick off my ass.”
“We didn’t finish our fight,” he hisses.
“What—?“
“Always told you I believed in God. Just forgot to mention her name.”
He tries to go slow, moving backwards towards the door. Dean’s eyes track his movements.
“Heaven?”
“Come on, you bastard,” he mutters. “
He opens the door, and stares in shock.
“If he is, I haven’t heard anything about it,” he says loftily. “And whether he does or not certainly doesn’t affect
Dean sees his silence and lowers his head.
“Dean, listen to me,
Christ. He wants one of the most notorious murderers in the West to trust him. How fucked up is that?
“Nah. New feller. Staying in one of my rooms, checked in last night.” She looks up again, giving a slight jerk of her head. “That one, with the shifty look in his eye."
“For disobeying,” Castiel whispers.
“No, no, Dean, c’mon, Dean—“
Dean shifts slightly, grinning into his glass.
Then with a wave it comes crashing down on him. The money in his hands. Pamela. Sam.
Castiel feels himself yelling, screaming harshly—
“Are they gonna kill you?” He asks eventually.
Castiel flares, and he tries to push his face away—but Dean snarls, snapping at his fingers with his teeth. Castiel seizes him again, grabbing Dean’s hair and yanking his head back, biting kisses into his neck. Dean nearly collapses, letting out a harsh whine.
“And he’s ours.” His eyes slide to Anna, looking her up and down. “Unless you’d like to trade for your woman, there,” he says, leering.
Castiel presses the heels of his hands to his eyes. How is he going to stand in front of nearly three hundred people and shake his hand? Just the mention of his
“Just release me. Let me heal Anna.”
“Nooooo,” Cas says, parroting Dean. “But as a
Castiel doesn’t want to seem weak, but he doesn’t have much strength left. He lets Dean carry him, feeling himself sat down on the edge of the bed.
“Dean?” He murmurs.
“Dean, I—”
In sleep, he burns cooler, the swirling ocean during a storm.
Castiel swallows.
With one last shove, Anna summons all the power she's got, and pushes it towards the portal.
“Don’t call me that.”
It’s beautiful, of course—all glass and gleaming metal, with a hot tub, as advertised, as well as a decent-sized outdoor space and plush lounge chairs all around. There’s a long glass table with heat lamps around it in case it gets cold, a comfy modern curved sofa, and a fully stocked bar.
“Well,” he says. “Five more to go.”
“Gabriel…”
“You see, we’re a mite bit confused on this whole saving the world thing.”
—oh, shit—”
“Come on then,” he murmurs. “Show me.”
Anna holds up her hands in surrender, but she still doesn’t lose that grin. Castiel struggles not to roll his eyes. Despite all of Anna’s and Gabriel’s teasing, Castiel isn’t exactly the delicate flower they paint him to be. He just had never really enjoyed sex for the sake of sex, and was perfectly content waiting for the right person to come along. He now realizes he wasn’t waiting for a 'person' after all.
"Anna," he says sharply. "Go. Now."
somehow, like something in him is shifted, slightly off-center. Maybe it's the way his spine grinds together, how there now always seems to be a prickling at the back of his neck—an itch he can’t scratch. Some dark part locked up inside his head that had been cracked open and set loose.
The portal roars, huge and red.
Castiel is frozen, the cold wood hard against his back. He pulls down air, trying not to hyperventilate.
Dean’s voice breaks on his name.
"So, this fight…think of it as a war. Generals, soldiers, they all need bodies to inhabit. Anna’s one of them."
“And then of course there was that day when you were upstairs,
“Why’d you do that?” He asks, rubbing his hands together, holding them over the fire.
“Hurts,” he says through gritted teeth.
“What is that?”
Without the benefit of a footrest, Dean sinks sideways, leaning against the windowsill again. Castiel feels him staring, but refuses to look. He fixes his gaze straight ahead, pretending the turn signal of the sedan in front of him is the most fascinating thing he’s ever seen.
“Patience is a virtue,” Balthazar says, winking.
Castiel narrows his eyes.
After a moment, the man backs down, stepping to the side. Ruby turns, beckoning Sam forward.
“N-no,” he coughs. “No, Michael, I swear—“
He stands quietly, walking over to the dirty sink. Castiel hears the water run as Dean rinses the red down the drain. He closes his eyes, turning to the pillow, breathing against the cotton. His head is still reeling. Castiel feels almost drunk, the sharp pain in his side blurring the world.
Castiel groggily clutches at his wrist, shaking his head.
She bites at her nails. She’s thinking the same thing.
“What’s your horse’s name?” She asks.
“How ‘bout now?” Castiel sneers. “You got time for it?”
it—fighting and tearing at the corners of his mind, all the rage and inexplicable anger, memories of Hell and hate screaming at him, begging him to just give in.
“I think I can get your pants off, Remington,” he growls, grabbing his ankles and tugging him closer.
“I can think of plenty of things.”
He finally manages to straighten up, and turns, leaning his back against the door. He casts his eyes back to the garden, the plants and buds now blooming around the crumbling stone.
The lady does not respond, just eyes him up and down, her mouth twisting. Her husband stands at her elbow, his beady eyes looking around, taking note of the invited guests.
“Here.”
―Jimmy Dean
He tries to scramble away from him, but Dean seizes his wrists and yanks him forward, shouting at him.
He exhales slowly, baring his teeth.
The pot on the stove is smoking, and Dean curses and goes back to it, quickly fixing the heat, stirring and muttering to himself.
Eileen pauses.
basically, everyone gets wasted.
Suddenly, Castiel speaks.
“But if it were the right person….”
“All the old people,” Alicia interrupts.
Cas hisses at the same time Dean withdraws his hand, and he goes toppling backwards off him, splashing into the water.
“Don’t make this any harder,” he snaps.
“I’ll have you know—“
Gabriel stands, laughing.
The tailor stands, pulling a pin from Cas’s sleeve and placing it in the corner of her mouth.
Charlie appears in his path, right in front of him, and Dean jerks back, glaring at her.
“Got lost,” he says innocently. “Where's Anna?”
That makes Sam hold his tongue.  He had been so focused on whether he could trust Ruby, he hadn't given thought to whether he was proving the same for himself.
me, obviously, but I have eyes,” Charlie says.
Castiel’s mind clears slightly, his death grip on Dean’s shoulder relaxing—and he’s suddenly conscious of the closeness, his heat—that they’re sharing the same air, soaked in blood and sweat and adrenaline. His pulse quickens and he gives an involuntary little jerk away from him.
“Rot, you son of a bitch,” she hisses.
“I’m driving.”
Gabriel rolls his eyes.
Cas comes out from the back room, tossing the keys to the Impala in the air.
He’s talking with Alicia about her class and how the school year is going so far, when Dean finally arrives.
Dean jerks his head around, gaping.
He turns. Sam is standing there, holding some ancient text in his hands.
Castiel doesn’t dare speak. The man slowly curls his hand into a fist, then looks up, his eyes locking on to Castiel’s.
“What?” She squeaks out.
“Okay.”
The man’s face goes white. He looks at all of them, his mouth opening and closing like a fish.
The arrow looses, but Michael spreads his wings and whirls, and the arrow stings nothing but air.
Perhaps our father left a little curiosity in us after all.
“Okay, you two are starting to give me a headache,” Charlie says, rubbing her temple.
Then he can just beg for all of this to be over.
“You said he bothers you.”
The three of them are left blinking at the empty room.
Castiel raises an eyebrow. Gabriel scoffs.
“You insect,” he hisses. “You have created nothing but trouble. If you were not so important to Anna, we would have removed you long ago.”
Anna glares at her, pulling a little at her restraints, but they’re solid. She shifts slightly to the left.
His hand sears against him, burning with the traces of his grace, but Dean can’t be bothered to think of the effects on him now—he just has to get him out, to stop his suffering, to make sure he never has to feel this pain again.
Abaddon raises an eyebrow at his stillness, but shrugs.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Which one of you’s Emmanuel?” One of the men calls.
She doesn’t answer him. Instead she shakes her head, and points at his mouth.
Dean licks his lips.
“Dean,” he whispers. “No.”
Dean’s been with a few chorus girls in his time, and it isn’t until the words leave his lips that he realizes the other meaning in them. He flushes, but doesn’t correct himself either.
“He stood me up.”
“I’m entrusting this to you, once again,” she says, stiff and formal. “You’ll give it to someone tomorrow.”
Dean slumps back in his chair. Bobby’s monotony continues.
“And we have no part in your fight,” the other says. “They won’t harm us.”
He gets up and turns on the faucet to wash his hands, starting to order them around.
“What is he gonna do, help? Most likely botch everything, you seriously think…”
“Dude. No.” He gives Castiel a serious look, nodding gravely. “This is for science.”
“Adam is seeing things again.”
“You can’t go anywhere.”
He moves with methodical precision, spray-painting a huge trap to cover the whole intersection, triple checking every sigil. When he’s satisfied, he chucks the paint can aside, and heads back to the car. He quickly dumps everything in a small metal tin, and heads to the middle of the road. His hands are clumsy, shaking as he digs a shallow hole to stick the container in. He sets it down and is about to cover it back up, when he curses.
Alastair darts his tongue out, running it over the edge of his teeth.
“There a problem here?” He asks, the protective tone in his voice not going unnoticed.
Anna throws down a box at the man’s feet, a metal thing with a heavy lock on the front.
Gabriel rolls his eyes.
.” Castiel snaps. “He’s our key to getting Dean back.”
“What does that have to do with any of this?” Eileen asks.
Morgan stands, advancing on the woman.
“Dean?” He murmurs.
idiot, and I just…”
Cas pulls back slightly, raising an eyebrow. It just makes Dean laugh more, Cas’s expression contrasted with the fact that he doesn’t stop fucking him.
“Please.”
Castiel turns back to his own car to see Dean laughing hysterically in the passenger seat.
The great clock in the hall strikes the hour, its melodious hum ringing through the hall.
But at what cost?
“No, no need to explain—”
“You can’t make me stay there,” Castiel hisses. “I won’t.”
"No, Dean, hey,
Hull glowers.
When Castiel doesn't respond, Dean shifts anxiously, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Have you not been sleeping well? I can send for something to help…”
“Sam, there’s no time, just listen to me—”
His father has pulled the car to a stop, and he’s completely still behind the wheel.
“Hey, I just call ‘em like I see ‘em.”
One wing goes limp, and he screeches—terror in his owl eyes.
Dean sneaks a glance. Castiel is looking around at the colorful sights and smells of Dean’s shop, nodding in admiration.
He throws out a hand, vaporizing a demon that had gotten too close to their fighting ground. The pit belches and spews out smoke, fire spilling forth.
Castiel chokes on the word.
Castiel gently takes his face in his hands, dropping his voice low.
“I feel like I’ve started to
“Gabriel,” he says. “You do the honors?”
But he can’t help but feel uneasy, the demon’s words ringing in his mind.
Castiel rubs the back of Dean's newly bandaged hand, finishing it with some tape.
Mary sets down her cup, frowning slightly.
Her eyes flash. Castiel snorts.
“She’ll be back.” He glances away. “I’ll go get, uh—bandages.”
Eileen shrugs.
He nearly trips over his pants in his haste to get them off.
“So?”
Dean grins, flopping back down on the bed (not before moving the tray and petals out of the way so they don’t get crushed). Cas’s voice echoes down the hall.
“Pathetic.”
Ketch smiles, pulling his keys from his pocket and tossing them to Mick.
He feels it boiling in his chest, and he clenches his fists, biting back the insults and the rage he longs to throw at her.
“What about Tessa? Rachel?”
“Pancakes,” he repeats. “Okay. I could do that.”
Dean misses the target by nearly a foot.
“Had to do something to get the rest of you to notice me.”
He sighs, absently fiddling with the rosary around his wrist.
Anna leans forward, laughing in disbelief.
“Only on Sundays.”
“Well,” Naomi breathes. “Looks like he's not the only one keeping secrets."
Dean scoffs.
“No? How ‘bout for all the things I did to your daddy?”
“And I don’t know how long this is gonna take, I don’t know if I’ll even be able to contact you—with that warding on your ribs, you’re hidden from me.”
“I can bring your parents back,” Alastair whispers. “Your daddy. The one who could never protect you. And…Mommy Dearest. The one you never met.” He reaches up, one hand reaching for her face. She flinches.
“Shit.”
“Want to get home.”
“Yeah?”
“None of the other men saw anything,” he says slowly. “Perhaps you only thought—?”
Castiel glares at the wall, hand clenching at the sheets beneath him. It’s the middle of the night, but he doesn’t think he could fall back asleep if he tried. Even the whiskey burning hot through his veins hadn’t done anything to calm him down.
He has to make Dean hate him. He has to make sure he turns away and never looks back. Castiel has to save him.
He’s pretty damn sure he’s seen that rock wall before. It looks the same as every other rock in this godforsaken place—but something inside him is sure.
He goes out into the hall, pulling open the door the the guy’s practice room.
Abaddon pauses.
Castiel opens up the tiny mailbox, pulling out a small stack of papers. A catalogue for Pottery Barn, something from Verizon, a credit card offer. All addressed to a D. Winchester.
The only hint that something less than wholesome is going on is a slight upturn at the corners of Dean’s mouth as he draws his hand back.
“I’m fucking trying to, if you’d just tell me what’s wrong—“
Cas gives him a tired smile before he shuts the door.
He exhales a shaking breath.
Sam’s face is ashen white, his eyes starting to slip closed. Dean gasps back a choked breath.
“Charles in charge, huh?” He says softly.
“Please don’t hold it against me.”
Charlie snatches the paper back, a wicked grin unfolding on her face.
“I got you!” Emmanuel yells over the roaring wind.
With an angel on the hood.
Cas doesn’t take it.
“Do what I say,” Ruby murmurs. “And we’ll find your brother. I promise you.”
Dean punches the air in victory.
She closes her eyes briefly, then turns back to Dean.
, that was intense—
Anna shakes her head. Dean takes a deep breath.
“We are not talking about this.”
he was going to come already—
“Let my brother go,” he chokes out.
“Alright. What?”
Castiel’s nightmares slowly bled back too—visions of Anna, looking like a junkie with circles under her eyes and marks running down her arms—dead bodies, mangled under his hands, all with Naomi’s soft voice in the background, saying how proud she was.
But he doesn’t.
From this distance, the house is intimidating, all gaunt windows and sharp angles. Dean takes a deep breath, letting it out slowly.
Gabriel is quiet.
Charlie smiles devilishly.
Sam grits his teeth.
“You think you can outrun me?”
“Dean’s going to say yes, you’ll be stupidly happy, and then you can figure out exactly what jewelry you’re sticking on each other’s fingers
“You done?”
“You’re worth a lot more to me alive,” the outlaw says absently, wiping the razor clean.
He chuckles, a cruel smile on his lips.
Dean watched with concerned eyes, hoping that this new life would bring her happiness. He had saved her too many times in her short five years.
“That one’s a troublemaker.”
A blast of pain—and Dean falls to the ground, winded. The man forces him to the ground, shoving his boot into Dean's back.
So we waited, silently, keeping our vigil.
Sam stands, his hand frozen on the doorknob. He hadn’t meant to eavesdrop, he really hadn’t. He’d come to check on Em—Castiel, right, that’s what Dean said his real name was—check on Castiel’s bandages and make sure the wound was healing properly. Not because he cared—in fact, Sam thinks he’d rather see the outlaw dead and buried—but Dean had asked him to save the man’s life. He wasn’t going to let Dean down.
Dean tilts his head, calculating quickly. The dull scrublands to the left of their camp—that's the south—and north lay the distant hills of the High Plains. East would take them back towards Ridgeville, and northwest lay Canon City. Their eventual destination.
Her scowl follows him out the door.
“After what that bastard did to you?” He whispers.
Alicia schools her face into a neutral expression, tone going serious.
"Um...guess this is goodnight then."
There’s a press of cold metal on the back of his neck.
“Shit, isn’t it?” Meg screws up her face. “I know. But the bastards keep drinking it, and as long as they’re willing to pay for it…”
“Well, you had my gun mosta the time, how was I supposed to prove myself?” Dean retorts.
“You know it.”
“Still don’t understand why he’s gotta come,” he says, indicating Dean with a jerk of his head.
“What?”
Driving hungover is not nearly as fun as it sounds.
“No, I just need—I need—“
“Is this because of the other night?” Dean asks, sounding panicked. “Please,
Dean reaches out, clasping his hand briefly before letting go. The name suits him. He’s dressed eclectically, worn robes that look like they’ve seen too many years, a hat of crushed velvet perched precariously on his head. He has a close-cropped beard of grey and black, crinkled but intelligent eyes behind his spectacles. His voice has a rough, rolling pitch to it, his accent marking him as a Man of Letters. Dean finds it strange, but not unpleasant.
"The goddamn biblical
“Obviously, someone needs to get carried inside.”
,” Abaddon screams.
Dean bites at his lip, looking out the mess in front of him. Castiel nudges his side.
From: Dean
“C’mon, fellas,” he says softly. “Don’t be as dumb as you look.”
“Where is she?”
A demon, rushing towards them, fire in his eyes, and Castiel blanks. His only thought is to protect Dean.
“Where do you go every night?”
Sam is still struggling to process, his adrenaline spiking.
“What can I do?” Gabriel asks. Alicia looks up, snorting.
“Dude—“
The new Marshal, grinning at him.
He dives towards the island counter, hidden by the open fridge door, and crawls around to the other side, kicking one of the island chairs out of the way in his haste.
He finally gets one, almost half an hour later.
Dean struggles up to sitting position, staring after her, unseeing.
“Um, not to crush the moment...” Sam says, lowering his voice. “But Charlie will actually murder me if I don’t get you there on time.”
Michael continues to hiss at him.
“Dean—“ he shouts. “
“Please—I need your help,” he says. “My name is Dean Winchester, and I—”
“So then…what happens if you…”
Castiel blinks.
“Guess you’re not entirely useless,” Castiel heard Anna mumble, her eyes on the ground. “I...I could do worse with a guardian.”
“They’d recognize me in a heartbeat,” Luke says, turning his eyes back to the gleaming windows in the darkness. “We can’t risk that.”
Castiel can see Balthazar struggling not to roll his eyes.
She raises an eyebrow.
“You humans do have a knack for cursing.”
"Please—please. Let's just talk."
“This—“ Gabriel says, starting to pour out the golden liquid. “Is tequila. And it’s a gift from the gods.”
He bites down on the sucker, smiling when it makes a satisfying crunch.
They're quiet for a moment, then Frank whistles softly to his horses, and they perk up, pawing at the ground. They’re eager to get to the stables, too.
“Spinning all that crap about saving the world, closing the gates of Hell, and you—waxing poetic about your damn brother the whole time…”
He falls through the air, panicking—and oh god, this is how he dies—dropped to the earth at who-the-hell-knows miles per hour, and shit, shit, shit,
“Shut up.”
Castiel keeps his mouth shut. He strangely doesn't want either of the angels to leave, but he doesn't see any reason for them to stay. What would they do? Drink crappy beer and play cards? As if.
Zeke’s got a guilty expression on his face, his hair sticking up every which way, and dressed in a pair of borrowed sweatpants that Castiel recognizes as his own. Castiel may not be a genius, but he can put two and two together.
“Fuck you,” he spits. “You made me—you
“That I’m secretly on your team?” Alastair sneers. “That I was wrong this whole time?”
“It’s Sam.”
Abaddon isn’t looking at him. She’s fishing another cherry out of the bowl in front of her, chewing at the stem.
He starts heading towards the entrance, completely conscious of the fact that Dean is following him. He scowls, whirling.
“What?”
“Let’s take this inside.”
“Hang on!” Sam yells, snapping the reins.
Castiel immediately throws Dean’s hand off, sputtering about his car and towing fees and carjackers—
Dean lifts his left arm and Castiel turns smoothly underneath it, falling back immediately into step as the music swells, crescendoing to a higher pitch.
“Hmm.”
The stranger stops suddenly.
Gabriel raises his pistol, pointing it directly at Dean’s skull.
Dean steps forward, using the last of his strength to stand up tall.
“That’s not Dean. It’s his body, Dean’s gone. I don’t know where he is.”
Abaddon trails off, her eyes narrowed.
Dean gives a quiet little chuckle.
Castiel looks at him, and realizes he does not.
But Balthazar isn’t done.
“Probably should fix that.”
“Shall we?”
She moves around the table, approaching Anna’s chair.
When Dean still isn’t forthcoming, Charlie sighs, shaking her head.
Dean clings to him still, not meeting his eyes. He’s staring resolutely at his hand, hiccupping, as if holding on to him would put everything right.
Gabriel and Emmanuel seem downright chipper, arguing animatedly all the way out of town. Anna has been quiet ever since they returned from the train, her eyes far away. Dean moves up his horse next to hers, tentatively speaking up.
Emmanuel turns those piercing eyes on Dean, and Dean stares back, unblinking. Emmanuel always stares too much, but Dean is just as guilty, unable to tear himself away from that heavy gaze.
Dean saunters back over to the table, smiling triumphantly, but Gabriel isn’t paying attention anymore. He’s slumped over Sam’s shoulder, and they’ve sunk back into their conversation, talking animatedly about some book, gushing about their favorite passages, Castiel doesn’t know. He isn’t really listening. The air seems slightly fuzzy, the room too warm, his tongue dry—
Dean looks up.
“I am a servant of Heaven, and I am only here to be a guardian.”
Castiel relaxes slightly as she turns away, inspecting the rest of the room.
Then Dean seems to shake himself, settling back in the seat and crossing his arms.
Dean waves away his snarky comment and tries agin.
Outlaws.
“You…love me?”
She turns and goes to her horse, pulling herself up in the saddle. Sam grimaces, heading to his chestnut.
“I gathered,” Sam mutters.
Does he—does Dean think he doesn’t want this?
“Then we’ll find him,” he says firmly. “And if he’s hurt Dean, they’re’ll be hell to pay.”
“I….am….”
“I’m coming, I’m coming—”
“Wh—Cas—”
“Bet you anything.”
Anna’s wrong. This is Castiel’s fault, and no one else’s. This is all because of him, all for him—the demon using his friends to send her bloody messages. But Castiel’s not going to let this go on any longer.
Charlie slowly shakes her head.
After years of silently standing by his side, here was my chance, my
“You thought you were safe?” he hisses under his breath.
Emmanuel shrugs, holding out a hand. Gabriel digs around in his pockets, pulling out a straight razor, silver and shiny. Dean tracks it with his eyes, as Emmanuel takes it, flipping it open, examining the edge. It’s sharp.
Castiel exhales slowly, rolling his neck. The angel pulls a petulant pout.
From the balcony comes the unmistakable whir of the blender. Cas snorts, shaking his head as he opens up the fridge. It’s already stocked with an unreasonable amount of alcohol that they can’t possibly finish within five days, even with eight of them—but at least there are a few six-packs. Cas grabs an IPA, and starts searching for something to open it with, pulling open various drawers.
Castiel presses a hand to Dean’s lips, shaking his head.
Castiel throws a glance at Anna. She shakes her head, her face pale.
But Castiel just shakes his head.
Castiel is panting, utterly transfixed by Dean beneath him. He twists his hand and Dean’s breath stutters, his skin glowing slightly, with sweat and with that soft golden light, seeming to shine from the sigils marked in his skin.
Emmanuel looks back at Dean, a gleam in his eye.
He dips his head, struggling for breath.
“Never make the first move.”
"It’s nothing we’ve ever seen before. You can’t tell me that doesn’t make you a little—“
Three fucking days. Dean could be dead by now.
Castiel bites back his bitter retort, instead pulling Anna towards him. She growls in protest as he checks her over, but he finally lets out a relieved sigh, settling back. Just banged up. Fine.
Castiel nods, rubbing his arm soothingly.
Lilith steps forward, eyes cold as ice.
By giving him this, Dean was admitting that he could put his life in his hands. An angel, putting his faith in someone like Castiel.
“That might not be too far off.”
“Come here,” she whispers hurriedly. “Quick!”
Castiel is numb. He should have known—Sam’s time as Crowley’s captive had hurt him deeply. He’s probably still repairing himself, not only the damage to his body, but his grace as well. Of course Sam would be here.
Dean pulls back slightly, pressing his forehead against Castiel’s.
Castiel blinks.
He stands still for a moment, then goes over to sit on the bed, one hand coming up to his shoulder. He massages the sore muscle, squeezing until it starts to hurt. He drops his hand. He stands again. And sits back down.
“Where do you need me?” Dean asks, determinedly avoiding his gaze.
Dean breathes shakily, the power inside him twisting, telling him to flash away somewhere else, anywhere else.
"Castiel," he whispered. “Cas.”
“He’s one of mine,” she says, and Sam bristles, opening his mouth. He ain’t nobody’s—
“Maybe I don’t mean it,” Dean hisses.
“You’re joking,” he says eventually.
There’s no answer.
Sam turns to see Cas, looking at his own phone. “And she’s not answering any of my calls.”
“Dean.”
“You swear?” He whispers.
Cas presses forward, grinding his hips dirty and deep, and Dean gasps, coming unexpectedly between them, panting for air.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says, looking anything but pleased to see him.
Castiel looks down at the floor.
“YES!” Balthazar roars, his eyes flaring black. “I
“Just—don’t—“
Dean whistles, clearly impressed, and Castiel’s heart warms. Most mortals don’t know or understand the prestige that sentence carries, but with Dean, there’s no need to explain.
Anna is motionless for a brief moment, then she throws herself forward, drowning Gabe in a hug.
“Our blood,” he whispers finally, his hands curling around her wrist.
“You’re outta your mind,” he drawls, voice twanging with the accent of the South. It puts Dean instantly on edge.
“On the midnight wind, he comes,” she cries. “They say he’s a sorcerer, not quite man, not quite sane.” She stops, voice hushed. “They say he can transform himself, into a great bird, with talons sharp as steel.”
“Dammit,” he mutters, and turns towards the door.
“And?”
"Used to be your grandfather's, right? Spruced it up a bit."
Dean looks down at his hands.
Lilith narrows her eyes.
Dean watches for a moment, but after a while he stands, slipping his hands into his pockets, wandering towards the kitchen. The windows are open, and there’s a faint smell of honeysuckle in the air. And to think it’s just Castiel, on his own here.
Dean lasts for maybe two minutes more.
“I guess it’s alright,” Charlie says. “After all, it’s just one more plate, right?”
He falls back into Castiel’s arms, sobbing.
He stares at the keys in front of him, fidgeting.
Dean curls his lip. What an odious man.
Dean reaches out, catching the edge of Castiel’s sleeve.
Ruby’s composure flickers for just a moment.
“Ooh,” Mick says. “Ouch.”
She takes his arm.
Castiel’s face is open, honest, but pained, recalling the memory.
Charlie bites her lip, watching him.
She steps forward, and Castiel backs away, clinging to the knife. She pauses, pursing her lips.
“Any human who has a hand in destiny and will affect the course of the world is assigned a guardian," he says flatly. "The order comes from Heaven.”
“Is he—is he—“ Castiel coughs, blood on his lips.
“Hey, uh,” Sam starts hesitantly. “Dean’s in your room.”
“But still," the angel sneers. "You're only human."
“Shit,” Dean says.
“Not so fast,” he murmurs. He continues to stare at Sam, before his lip twists, and he lets out a short bark of a laugh.
“And why would I help you?” Sam throws over his shoulder, just to buy himself some time to think. “I don’t trust you—I don’t know the first thing about you. You just murdered three people in front of me.”
Ellen stops, staring her square in the eye.
Dean clenches his fists, turning away slightly. He can’t make himself let this go, because she left him. Just like everyone else. Charlie left him, Father left him, Sam left, Cas left—
“Dean,” he breathes.
“This is delicate work. You gotta go slow, just in case—”
“And I’m getting Chow Mein anyway, so deal with it!”
stranger, who smells really good and is tugging on his hair a little and holy
“Wait,” he mumbles, fumbling for the door handle. “I have something—“
Dean clears his throat.
Dean was with Castiel when he told them he was dropping out, when he was trying to hide the pain and boiling anger that he could sense crawling under his skin, threatening to burn them all down.
in class, honestly—but Dean forgot his book in his locker and I had to go to the bathroom so we just decided we’d go together and—”
“His warding works even against me. I was able to find the blade and Dean when it was just his vessel, but Cas is hidden.”
“Hey, Cast—Cas,” he says reluctantly, remembering at the last minute to shorten the name.
Dean was not there when Castiel took his father. They hadn't spoken in years.
Castiel sighs, wiping his forehead with the back of his hand. Dean had been avoiding the angry angels on his tail for the most part, keeping out of their reach. At least that’s what he had told Castiel. But now, as he looks down at Dean’s unconscious form, his stomach twists.
“You make a compelling argument.”
“And…you.”
“Okay, look, cards on the table—“
Dean narrows his eyes further. Charlie clears her throat, barreling on.
“Selective omittance,” Cas adds helpfully.
Anna looks up sharply.
Something shatters, far away, and someone is screaming. Castiel fumbles, fingers scraping against the ground.
“Ughh, this is one of my favorites,” Dean groans out. Castiel snorts.
“Hello,” Castiel returns. “Apologies if I startled you.”
But her eyes are razor sharp, inches from his face.
Ellen turns back, lowering her voice.
He leans in, and—
Castiel breathes heavily, glancing around before turning back to the window. He can feel blood dripping down his arm, but he makes no attempt to stop it. He just stares at the red lines, slowly oozing down the side of his car, and he snaps.
"You don't have to pretend, sweet," she hisses. "I've had your brother on my table, I know the stench of Remington fear."
And Dean can’t help but appreciate Max's lean, sturdy build, just about his same height—and those hazel eyes, fixed on his own.
And behind her, Dean tied up, his face bloodied and his head limp. Castiel’s stomach twists.
“The queen regent has concerns about your speech,” Crowley says curtly.
“Must’ve summoned over a dozen demons,” she mutters. “But none of them would have it.”
The engine cuts out and Castiel looks at Anna. She’s been biting her nails for the past half hour, but now she stops, throwing a nervous glance at the window.
“And you always were a shortsighted son of a bitch.”
Dean pats Chevre’s nose and turns her loose. She tosses her head and trots over to the small patch of grass by the edge of the wood, her coat shining in the pale light.
“For once I’d like to go through one day without hearing about the precious Dean Winchester,” he mutters.
“Hey,” Dean says, taking the glass and looking around. “What is all this?”
“No, silly.”
“He might still be alive,” he says, even though he doesn’t believe it. “We don’t know.”
“Who are you?”
where the hell are you??”
“Benny,” Emmanuel says, turning and gripping his hand briefly. “It's been too long.”
The buzzer sounds for the start of the game, and Castiel sighs, settling back to watch.
Ellen purses her lips, and waves them forward.
“Okay. Snow day then.”
“I was supposed to die,” Dean says quietly. “Maybe I should. “
Approximately eighteen minutes and thirty-seven seconds later, Dean is tightening his tie in the mirror, Sam coming up to check on his progress. Dean smiles, winking at his brother.
The low murmur of voices echo from behind him, but Dean is barely listening. He's long stopped trying to eavesdrop. He just doesn’t care anymore. One of two things will happen—they'll take him up to the county seat, or they’ll decide Dean isn’t worth the trouble and just kill him. Dean has realized what happens in the interim isn’t really much up to him.
Dean squints in that direction. Their trail had taken them up on the ridge, to go through the mountain pass that lead to Canon City, and they can see the whole trail spread beneath them. Far off, there's a cloud of dust, slowly moving down the valley towards them.
“I like you, Sam, but you better not screw this up. Eileen falls hard, and she falls fast. I’ve seen it before.”
She grabs her forearm, spinning her around—and Anna whimpers involuntarily, a sting of pain shooting up her arm. She tries to mask her reaction, but Naomi’s sharp eyes miss nothing.
“Handsome,” she says sweetly, before turning back to Dean.
He takes a deep breath.
“Look, Cas—the spell is good, it’ll work—I mean, if we’re careful—“
Sam clenches his hands tightly around the reins for a moment, then lets go, exhaling slowly. Most of the time he has a good grip on his anger—but every now and again it surges, threatening to overwhelm him. He used to temper it with daydreams, fantasies about returning to Silver Lake and giving that snake of a man his due. Now he channels that feeling into doin' good, into helping others—him and Dean both.
Sam hands the bow off to a servant and pulls off his archery gloves, heading back to the castle. Dean watches him go, then sighs, dragging a hand over his face.
She leans against the doorframe, smirking.
“Then tell me, brother,” she spits. “What was the reason for all those deaths, the chaos and horror before I was ever put under the ground?”
He turns up his collar, huffing.
>hello dean
“And for what? For a
“Jesus, Cas,” she breathes.
Dean clasps his hand, stopping him.
“I’m sorry.”
“This match one of your descriptions?” She asks, lifting an eyebrow.
At a bakery, an entire pie, ‘congratulations!’ molded on the top in extra dough. (That one came damn close to making Dean
“What the
“Whenever you’re ready, Charlie.”
Dean chews at his fingernails, watching the pair of them squabble. They’d woken up this morning to an empty bedroll and a missing horse, the last embers of their fire just burning out. Gabriel had started off arguing that they needed to set out immediately to find him, with Anna arguing back that they should stay put, so that Emmanuel will be able to find
“Castiel,” Gabriel answers for him. “He’s the cousin I actually like.”
His insides are stabbing with pain, like hot needles, widening and becoming knives. But there’s no wounds for him to heal.
“You’re anything but ordinary, Dean Winchester,” Castiel says softly. “If I have to say it a thousand times until you believe me, I will.”
He eases the wire just enough that Donley can speak, which he does in halting words.
“Cas,” he says, his voice barely more than whisper.
“Oh, god,” Castiel groans, Dean’s teeth scraping against his neck.
“Come now, boy,” he sneers. “You can’t run.”
“And pie,” Dean interjects.
Cas…he will see that everything I did was for my brother. For family.
But then it’s gone, and he’s shaking his head, backing away slightly.
Castiel feels something inside him tear from its cage, clawing desperately at the air.
But he can’t. He
“Now. Let’s talk.”
The three dump the man on his bed, and the nearest turns toward him, holding up her hands—
“Have you seen the way he looks at you?”
He looks up. Both Castiel and Mills are staring at him, her with an eyebrow raised, Cas with a pointed look. Dean nods hastily.
He swallows, the silver scraping against his flesh.
Then, behind her, the door bangs open—Gabriel and Anna both raise their guns, but Naomi doesn’t even bother turning around.
“Yeah, she just texted me,” Alicia says, picking up her phone. “Just got in a car, so she should be here soon.”
“I’m happy for you,” she says sincerely. “I really am.”
“Patience, Castiel,” she coos. “I’ll get to you soon enough.”
She glances at the old cabin, her brow darkening.
“No!” He shouts, whirling on her. She freezes.
Charlie's voice hardens.
Zeke’s eyes widen.
“What day is it?” Dean asks suddenly.
needs to stop saying God. The friggin’ bastard might hear her.
Emmanuel glances back before following her in through the door. He’s been tight-lipped ever since the encounter with Alastair, and had led them to this house without explanation, after a full day and a half of riding. Dean doesn’t care. The prospect of sleeping in a bed has him nearly crying.
Okay, well, it does—but the good kind of hurt, the kind Castiel’s come to expect—and for a second he forgets himself and just looks up at Dean, staring in astonishment.
“So I figured we’d make an appointment.”
Castiel catches Dean in a moment of switching angles, and he throws himself forward—slicing him across the shoulder.
He tilts his head, watching his breath rise into the cold sky.
The guy raises a hand.
“Thoughts, Red?”
“While I won’t disagree that Marv has…interesting literary tastes,” she says delicately, “that’s no excuse for skipping class.” She sets the two folders on her desk.
Luke stares unblinkingly back at her. Ruby feels her courage wither and die under that gaze, doubt creeping in. Did Sam lie to her? Did he find out?
She gets her gun loaded up and pulls Castiel’s from her pocket, tossing it to him.
Castiel ends up staying up for another three hours, mindlessly flipping through the books on his shelf. He doesn’t remember when he falls asleep, the paperback tumbling from his fingers.
The light becomes too much, and Castiel covers his eyes, panting.
Dean walks up the cobbled path towards the front door, determined to get in and get out—but can’t help slowing as he passes a withered garden, most of the poor plants brown and wilting—just as Castiel reported.
Ruby throws him a look so violent that Sam's words freeze on his tongue. She turns back, pursing her lips.
He takes a deep breath, a sudden wild thought seizing him.
This is highly embarrassing. Not to mention all kinds of wrong. How sacrilegious is intentionally getting angels drunk?
Cas turns the TV on and flips it to something with a canned laugh track, and that’s how Dean
“You think I know? We can’t leave him alone—“
He’s not sure if it was his own voice, or the sheriff’s—but he’s only conscious of his back hitting the canyon floor, white hot pain radiating from his gut.
He falls behind her, silent, but his eyes full of questions. Anna turns to the imprisoned angel, tightening her grip on the blade.
He leans in, slowly capturing Dean’s lips in a kiss. Dean breathes into it, sighs, opens his eyes to see Castiel opposite him, lids just barely closed. Dean looks in a way he’s never allowed himself to look before—at the sharp angle of Castiel’s jawline, the bell curve of his lips, his bottomless eyes. Dean’s hand comes to Castiel’s face, fingers over his forehead, down, over the thin white scars through his eyebrow. Castiel exhales, almost aching, as if he’s been waiting for this for a long time. Dean wonders the last time he had a kind word or a soft touch.
Dean steps back, Castiel follows—
“Dean—“ Castiel yells, shouting over the noise.
He barely moves at first. Both of them are breathless, so hesitant, so careful. Castiel grabs his arm as Dean starts to shallowly rock in and out, a slow rhythm that turns from new to good, to
Dean struggles forward. She bolts forward, trying to seize him, but a bright flare of grace burns her, scalding her and throwing her back.
Dean twists Castiel’s arm up behind him and spins him around, trapping his knife hand between them.
Cas’s voice drops, and he gets a look in his eye.
The rifle is cool in his hands, the sun hot on his neck.
She grins, cracking her knuckles.
Castiel spoke softly.
“Emmanuel can’t be moved, but that doesn’t mean we can’t.” She once again turns to Asa. “Twenty minutes. Tell them to bring only what they can carry. Go. Now!”
bad idea.
“Looks like neither of you are bachelors anymore.”
“The scythe was quite cumbersome,” Castiel deadpans.
“She’s scared.”
A rattle of shots, the two of them pausing briefly to duck.
“Shut up, Annie, I’m talking—“
Anna musters up her courage.
“We don’t get many new folks around here,” the kid says eagerly. “It’s excitin’.”
Castiel rubs his eyes, wondering if he’s still dreaming.
Naomi is breathing hard, her eyes murderous.
And Dean is an angel. Castiel can already imagine the bruises he's going to have tomorrow.
Castiel stays there for a moment more, studying him.
Benny gets an arm around him and hauls him up. Dean is able to stand, but he still feels a little unsteady.
complaints made against you, and as my family owns this place I have every right to remove you. I also have the testimony of a respectable lady—”
“Bobby?”
Sam only lays a soft hand on Castiel’s own, gentle fingers curling around his injury.
The man crosses his arms, smirking.
Luke leers.
Dean quickly curls a hand around his cheek, cooing softly.
“He didn’t answer.”
“You tricked me,” he seethes. “You used me to get on his trail, and then you left.”
He’s still as Castiel wraps his arms around himself, shaking.
“Mind your tone,” he mutters. “You have no idea what you’re dealing with.”
Dean takes a deep breath. He’s all pressed up against Cas, his hand in his, his other arm circled around Dean’s waist. It’s….nice.
Anna and Gabriel both support Castiel, slinging his arms over their shoulders. Castiel is ghost-white, almost unconscious.
“Here.”
Charlie doesn’t laugh, running a finger around the rim of her empty glass. Dean bites at his lip.
It’s only on the ride home, Sam and Benny bickering on either side of him, when Dean realizes he did not ask him his name.
“Second my feet touch ground, I am so kicking your ass,” he mutters.
“Guess some things never change.”
If you want to know what those sigils look like, take a look at this amazing fanart (which is kinda the whole reason I started this fic in the first place)
Dean forces a laugh.
Castiel clenches his fists.
“No, look—“
Dean hesitates, biting his lip. Castiel lowers his voice.
“You enjoyed sex bingo?”
“What?” He asks, chuckling. “Emmanuel cheat you out of your even share?”
Castiel places a hand on the door, shoving it closed.
Sam stares at her for a moment, glancing briefly at Bela. Thankfully, he doesn’t stop to ask questions.
“I’m going to fix this. I’m going to find her, and explain to her—”
Castiel sits heavily on the edge of the bed, pressing his hands to his face.
“What’s wrong!” She says again, voice pitching higher. “I’ll goddamn tell you what’s wrong—”
And then it all comes crashing down.
Castiel sighs.
“What happened to Dean?" He asks. "Really?”
But it was fading, slipping away again.
They both freeze.
Ruby looks him over, one delicate eyebrow raised.
Castiel seizes as that white-hot titanium fire spills from Dean’ eyes, searing through his blood. He lurches forward, mouth falling open—
“None of that now.”
“You’re the one who entered without knocking, kiddo.”
Castiel presses a palm against the wall, breathing hard. The one thing—
“That’s right.”
Gabriel snorts.
He reaches out, gently taking Dean’s hand.
Cas smiles thinly.
“To save your life,” Ruby replies, a bite to her tone. “You’re welcome, by the way.”
Gabriel drops down next to them, throwing an arm around Charlie.
Cas coughs, and Dean is jolted back into the present. Cas holds out his jacket.
“Come on, Dean,” he whispers. “Wake up.”
“Son of a—”
The ground dissolves into a maelstrom of fire and black and smoke, a great roaring pit that instantly sucks those too close in, and it roars as it grows, slowly getting wider. The wind whips around them, the air stinging and cracking with its pulsing energy.
Cas snorts.
“You want to put your smitey dog on a leash, Castiel?”
“I’m not—”
The wind howls, unearthly, like so many devils and demons. Rain slaps relentlessly down, turning the earth to mud, then muck.
And it's all that bastard's fault.
"There used to be four archangels," Sam continues. "They were the only ones left. Abaddon refused to bow down to humans, and for that, Alastair cast her down into Hell. The fight fractured Heaven—brother fighting against brother. Remiel was killed, Sariel had long since vanished by then."
“What?” She says, reaching out to fiddle with his collar. “This is the biggest piece of news, in like—ever. Of course everyone wanted to come. And besides.”
Charlie smirks.
“Got it.”
“Ahh, but I’m young at heart.”
“Oh, I’ll get it. It may take some time…but you will say yes to me.”
They all freeze.
“Dead,” Castiel snarls.
“Hell, even if I did know I wouldn’t tell you. And you’re not touching my sister either. But you already know that by now. So why do they keep sending you jackasses?”
“Heard y’all were takin’ a stand. Heard Emmanuel was going to face Morgan down. We ain’t missin’ that.”
There’s a noise from behind him and he spins, the blade sliding out of his sleeve as he brings it up, ready to strike.
“Shut up.”
He sighs, turning his eyes back up to the moon.
“Because I could,” he murmurs.
Dean swallows, and sits, a rising flush on his cheeks that has nothing to do with the heat.
“Goodbye, Dean,” he whispers.
As he rides his chestnut past the outskirts of Ouray, Sam realizes he doesn’t have the lead Uriel wanted him to find. He didn’t even bother to ask the man about Emmanuel and where he might have gone.
“Uh-uh.”
Dean raises his voice, yelling over his shoulder.
Castiel sits at his desk, scrutinizing the object in his hands. He pulls a magnifying glass towards him, peering closer at the inscription in the brass.
Castiel’s smile drops.
Sam rises from the bed and dresses quickly, only a slight ache in his head. He had found a room at an inn and immediately went to sleep, exhausted. But the daylight is about to run out on him, and he hasn’t even started asking questions.
“Good.” Sam laughs. “Her grades are even better than mine.”
“I was a dick,” he says, completely serious.
“Seriously. The look on his face—I think half the time he’s constipated,” Dean says, grabbing his drink and taking a sip, trying and failing to avoid hitting himself in the face with the ridiculous cocktail umbrella. Charlie puts down her phone, turning fully to face him.
“If you’re unarmed block with your forearms—“
“Okay,” Cas says, and totters off.
The compliment catches Cas off guard. There was no joking, no hidden tone to Dean’s voice, nothing to suggest he was anything but sincere.
