“There’s been a change of plans,” Sam frowned, voice low like he was expecting to be scolded, but Eileen barely reacted.
The knock he eventually managed was stiff and awkward, rattling horribly as though it was his own voice stuttering through the hardwood.
They finally stopped at the Impala parked by the sidewalk, Dean fumbling for his keys. Their eyes met over the hood, something unspoken passing between them, a comfort of sorts.
“I know I’ve never met him, but when you said Jack took God’s powers I guess I just expected him to look… older.”
“I’m feeling a multitude of things I’ve never felt before. Almost all of them unpleasant and it’s… terrifying.”
“I might as well just take my chances with the angels, see if they’ll forgive me for everything I’ve done. If I can’t help you and Sam then there’s no point in me even being here on Earth,” Castiel turned to Dean with pain mangling his features, a sight that shocked Dean for just how
“Everything you think you need to say to me, I already know,” She interrupted, in a voice so calm that beside her Dean felt like he had flames rising off of him.
“Alright, so,” Dean took a seat across from Sam, tapping his knuckles on the hardwood table. “What’s the word?”
memories. Dean and Cas, Cas and Dean. The quiet sittings and the heavy talking and the smiles they hid by dropping their heads in the darkness, averting their eyes before the smoke between them could spark a flame.
“You better be by the time I get there,” Dean warned, though the fondness in his voice might have been a bit too telling. Cas smiled through the phone. “Be careful.”
”You receive pleasure when I decide.” Castiel lets go of one of his hands ”Lie still, he warns”. Castiel starts stroking himself, maintaining eye contact the entire time. Dean has never been more turned on in his entire life.
Castiel stalks over to him and kisses him deeply. His hands are roaming all over Dean’s body, leaving goosebumps in their wake. Dean has to concentrate on the sensation to distract himself from the need to desperately cling to Castiel.
”The fact that you got a tattoo without his consent. Don’t give me that look, you know it as well as I do. Luckily I have a plan”
Castiel is not gentle. It’s rough and messy and everything that Dean has been missing. Castiel’s strong fingers are on his jaw and neck, the light pressure a reminder that he could tighten his grip if he wanted to. Castiel firmly thrusts into Dean’s mouth and he just has to take it.
The clothes are a white dress shirt and some formal pants neither of which Dean would pick out for himself in a million years. He bites back his protests, knowing Castiel he would just be asked to go naked if he complained.
After waiting for Balthazar to take a horrendously long shower that could definitely have happened before he woke Dean up they head down. Balthazar stops at a BMW. The motorcycle is a beautiful classic model.
Walking is in general not great. He is embarrassingly sore considering it had only been three fingers. He should really work on that. He snorts when he gets the thought that Castiel is probably going to take care of that. God, enough with the Castiel.
The guy looks thoroughly unimpressed ”I’m sure we can work out monthly installments. My secretary will get your details from whoever’s in charge here. Please remove your vehicle.” The guy moves to get back into the car.
”Yes, sir” Dean replies, intending to stop at that but Castiel motions for him to say something more ”It feels degrading” Dean whispers.
”I know” Castiel soothes but adds another finger. Dean has no idea what’s going on until Castiel truly starts to pull on the plug and he remembers how much smaller the notch is than the rest. Good on Castiel on suddenly caring about Dean’s comfort. The stretch burns but he doesn’t feel like he’s ripping. Then it’s out and Dean’s hole is clenching and unclenching at the emptyness.
Dean is feeling sick ”I don’t… I’m really sorry about this but I just don’t have any money. Look, I’m trying to support my kid brother through college. Can’t you just take some pity on me, man? What is this, a week’s pay for you? Is it really worth ruining my life for?” Dean says gesturing to the shredded metal.
Dean is downing a glass of wine when the door to the apartment opens and Castiel walks in. It feels as if the air has been sucked out of the room. Castiel pointedly avoids looking at him and instead sits down to join a conversation that immediately seems to bore him. He looks tired and his mood seems to gradually worsen.
”He’s just one of the guys down at the garage” Dean rushes to say. And yeah, Balthazar really hasn’t been keeping Castiel up to date because that does nothing to soften Castiel’s face. Castiel pulls out his hand.
”Ah, that. I just don’t like charity. Miguel is a great gartner so I got him permanent residence. Sophia makes this delightful food so I pay for school for her kids. Working with me simply has privileges”
Castiel steps away ”I get tested regularly.” He removes his coat ”I can call my doctor to confirm it for you if you won’t take my word for it” he adds testily
”Stay there” Castiel leaves the room and is gone for so long that Dean starts to wonder is he’s coming back.
Dean opens his mouth to demand an actual explanation because what the hell. But Castiel just reaches out to pet his cheek and says ”What did I say about digging around?” before walking to the office. Balthazar winks at Dean before following Castiel.
”You must be what’s kept my brother holed up out here all weekend” Balthazar extends his hand and Dean gingerly takes it. Balthazar strokes a finger against his inner wrist.
Dean sits down in the living room, wishing that he hadn’t left his phone at home the day before but settles for the TV instead.
Castiel suddenly pulls back and Dean whines at the loss. Castiel chuckles and then starts removing Dean’s pants. He pauses when he realizes how achingly hard Dean is. His eyes flicker up to meet Dean’s and Dean doesn’t bother to hide the naked want on his face.
At night he hangs out with Balthazar. They ironically watch bad movies and then there’s the sex. The sex is pretty nice but Dean finds himself missing Castiel’s authority and secure movements. It’s not that Balthazar doesn’t take initiative but there’s just not the sense of control and safety that makes it possible for Dean to let go completely. And he’s not very turned on. It’s comfortable and he’s always loved being touched but he feels self-conscious and unsatisfied with the lack of being challenged. Balthazar never asks him for anything that he hasn’t given before. He’s pretty sure that Castiel has ruined him for anyone else.
”We’re business partners. It’s like a title” Castiel explains ”He’s my second in command… so to speak”
Dean can feel his own heart beating and it’s not like he didn’t expect this but the reality of the situation is starting to truly settle in.
”That’s more like it” Now that the worst part is once again over Castiel starts pulling the plug out and pushing it back in. The biggest part is stretching Dean uncomfortably but as long as Castiel doesn’t push it in all the way again he can take this.
Dean’s protests are drowned out by Castiel shoving his dick into his mouth again. Dean seriously considers biting him but Castiel doesn’t go the entire way back this time and the pace is much slower, allowing Dean to get used to the sensation. He can do this. He thinks. He’s definitely still gagging.
Dean slides his gaze over at Castiel ”Can I….” he trails off, indicating the buttplug that he would prefer not to wear in the shower. Wet fur somehow seems worse.
The next person to come in is Castiel. He kind of just stands there for a while until Dean notices him with a yelp.
Something is off. If Dean knows one thing from living with his Dad, it is that gangs like this have a strict hierarchy. Castiel should not be looking like it’s even remotely his decision if it’s on the level he’s implying it is. He should be talking to the bosses right now. Unless…
”I… I stole something” Dean finally admits ”My dad kept a journal. He used to work for one of their branches. I took it for leverage if they decided to come after us. But it’s years old. I’m sure there’s nothing of any interest in there anymore”
”It better be an actual mechanic this time Balthazar or I swear to God” the gruff voice is followed by a middle aged man who rolls his eyes when he sees Dean ”Do you speak English, son?”
Dean can feel his face going red and busies himself with the safety belt instead of replying. The man is staring at him again.
”I would like you to be hairless down here” Castiel says conversationally. His hand stills as if he’s expecting a reply.
”Can’t take a bloody second off from work” Castiel mumbles, mostly to himself it seems as he keeps dragging Dean towards the bedroom.
For a second Castiel looks like he might shoot him out of pure anger. Then he slams the gun down into the floor, making Dean nearly piss himself.
”Yeah, sorry, I guess I didn’t see you there. Are you sure you’re fine? It was a bit of a hard brake” Dean chuckles, trying to diffuse the tension. Which turns out to be a bad call as the man seems to be getting more angry at this.
The job is at a construction site. Building fancy apartments for people who don’t really need them. It’s a great gig, though. The boss is laid back and doesn’t mind that Dean is blasting Foreigner and not really paying attention while he’s driving the forklift. Which is exactly why he doesn’t notice the car as he drives unto the main road. Suddenly it’s just there and the forks stab right through the side of the car.
They are all modern which isn’t Dean’s own preference and one of them is even an electrical car which should definitely be some kind of crime. Dean silently apologizes to the cars for having these bad thoughts. They are very nice cars. Very nice.
Going down the stairs is the time that Dean is really confronted with the buttplug, the not wearing underwear and just the stiff clothes in general. It’s definitely hot as hell but also very distracting. It also makes it seem like his body is not quite his own. It feels like Castiel is a constant hovering presence. He is pretty sure that he is going to die if he is this turned on for the entire day.
Dean’s one wrist comes untied and he busies himself with getting the other free while he collects himself. He’s good at that. Finally he plasters on a smile for Balthazar ”You were right about him getting angry about the tattoo”
There’s food on the table and Dean’s mouth waters. Castiel turns to look at him and silently hands him the plate that he’d been making. Dean grabs it and sits at the table but waits for Castiel to sit down before digging in. Castiel smiles at this.
Castiel pulls up in front of an offensively big house and gets out of the car. Dean takes his lead and follows up the walkway. ”Don’t you have a garage or something?” Dean asks trying to break the weird tension from the car ride.
”My apologies, Dean. I was having a nightmare” Castiel sounds sincere and the mix of his husky voice and the use of Dean’s actual name softens Dean’s resolve to get out of there. He’s like 97% certain that Castiel wasn’t actually trying to kill him.
”I’ll work with you” Dean says. He’s very passionate about both him and Sam staying alive and right now Castiel’s goodwill seems to be their best bet.
Castiel gently tugs on the chain and suddenly it feels like it first did when he got the clamps on. The pull that accompanies the pinch makes it feel like his nipples are not fully part of his body.
”Thought so” Castiel removes his fingers and removes Dean’s pants the rest of the way. He cups Dean’s ass and then looks at Dean as if he demands an answer to the silent question he’s asking.
Castiel hums with satisfaction and thrums his fingers against Dean’s hole. Without warning he brings down two fingers hard.
”I know. But it won’t look right if you don’t know at least a little bit. It has to seem like you’re actually in the Bratva”
Castiel leaves the room. Dean feels like he’s in free fall, emotions coursing through him in a way he usually fights to avoid. Castiel returns with a towel and starts wiping his cum from Dean’s chest. He swipes the material over Dean’s oversensitive dick a single time, chuckling at Dean’s groan ”Maybe tomorrow if I’m feeling generous” He’s leaning down to kiss Dean again ”Get some sleep”.
”New rule” he says as he’s pushing through the tight muscle ”You’re only allowed to come when you’ve got something in your ass” His finger stops ”You’re resisting, let me in, pet”
Castiel leans over him and whispers ”Whenever I like” in reminder of their deal before pushing in without warning.
”Oh, I looked into your medical record a week ago. I already know that you’ve just been to a check-up”
Right, not telling Castiel about his involvement might not make him any kind of spy. But it does make it very clear that he does not trust Castiel with information.
”You seem to be laboring under the impression that what you want matters” Castiel hisses as he relentlessly pushes in. Dean can feel tears gathering in the corners of his eyes ”Right now you belong to me” He keeps pushing ”If I want to defile you that’s up to me. If I find pleasure in demeaning you then you will too. Nothing that I desire is beneath you.” The plug is pushed all the way in. The sudden smaller stretch of the notch is a relief even is the stretch from that is still painful but the unyielding press inside of him is close to unbearable. Dean whimpers.
”On your stomach” he adds. Waiting for Dean to do it before covering Dean’s eyes with the tie and knotting it in the back of his head.
”I guess. Someone...” Castiel gestures vaguely ”gets them for me” Castiel’s hand is still just resting on Dean’s thigh as if he owns it and Dean really should say something snarky about Castiel seeming a lot more worried about his cars yesterday but he can’t really bring himself to care.
In the seconds before Dean is fully awake he reaches out an arm. It’s the surprise at not even finding the other side of the bed warm that properly wakes him. He tumbles out of the bed, as if removing himself from it will erase his despair at not sharing a bed with Castiel.
Castiel grabs his wrist ”You will take your punishment without making a fuss. And then we can forget about your insubordination”
”On the bed” Castiel mumbles when they part for air. Dean complies and then his hands are being tied to the headboard.
Castiel is again piercing him with those intense eyes ”On your knees” no beating around the bush, then. Dean gets down too fast and his knees hits the marble floor with a thud. Castiel raises his eyebrows ”so eager” he mumurs and buries his left hand in Dean’s hair, firmly holding him in place as Castiel starts unzipping his pants.
And no, not really but he’d hoped for a bit more preparation and he doesn’t quite trust that Castiel’s anger has disappeared completely. Dean nods his head once and braces himself. Maybe it won’t be as unpleasant as he fears.
That catches Castiel’s attention and his hand stills ”And who is Dimitri?” Castiel’s eyes narrow and Dean should definitely have thought more about how he worded that.
Dean sleeps in the next morning so he wakes with a shock when the door bangs open and he’s roughly pulled to the floor.
Dean reluctantly complies. Castiel snatches his hand away from the area and starts pushing the buttplug in without adding more lube.
”I know, I know” Castiel soothes as if he wasn’t the one responsible ”You’re doing so good. Such a beautiful clench around me. Did it feel good?”
Dean meets Castiel’s eyes and refuses to break the eyecontact. His jaw is working as he’s trying to collect himself enough to say something. He barely opens his mouth before Castiel grabs his collar.
The fact that Castiel is still flogging him while delivering this speech should have disproven the point. But he’s right. It definitely stings but it could be much worse. And even to Dean it feels random to have chosen this battle to throw a tantrum over.
Castiel’s face closes back up. He pulls his pants back on and leaves the room without a word. Dean has no idea what’s happening.
And really, it’s nothing that Castiel hasn’t already seen so Dean unties the robe with shaking hands.
Dean’s days settle into a rhythm. Castiel is working. A lot. Sometimes at the house but most of the time in other places. Dean tinkers with the cars, watches TV, talks with Sophia when she’s around and uses the private gym to work off his frustration at not being allowed to come.
Castiel spanks him twice more and then releases his hold. Dean quickly scrambles away and gathers his robe around him.
”I already have people for all that stuff so I won’t be needing any of that, but….” The man is openly staring at Dean now and Dean does his best to look reliable and like the right man for whichever job he’s being considered for ”How old are you, boy?”
Dean’s not quite sure what he’s feeling but he’s moaning and writhing beneath Castiel. Castiel reaches a hand up to gently squeeze Dean’s abused nipple, rolling it between his fingers.
Dean obediently closes his mouth to hold on to the chain. The chain is so short that this makes the pull even stronger and even though Dean drops his chin he’s still very much creating the pull himself.
The man opens the door in the passenger side and motions for Dean to get in. Dean is only just climbing down from the forklift and has to bite his tongue to avoid cursing the bugger for rushing him. Dean chooses to go for a forced smile instead and gets in. The door closes and for a blessed second he’s alone in a beautiful car ”hello gorgeous” he mumbles as he’s stroking the controls.
”That depends on how useful you prove to be” Castiel says it unblinkingly ”And whether you give me further reason to doubt your loyalty”
Once more there’s a sharp pain, this time at his spine. First it’s very concentrated and intense but quickly it spreads to a slightly bigger area and the pain again recedes until there’s only the feeling of something hard lingering on his skin.
”You didn’t use a condom?” He wants to cry. Stupid, stupid, stupid of him not to think of it earlier. He doesn’t know anything about Castiel and from what he does know he doesn’t seem like the careful type.
”And I can leave at any time?” Dean doesn’t want any nasty surprises even though Castiel’s patience is rapidly declining.
And Dean doesn’t understand because there’s clearly still something inside him. Dean reaches down and as he comes into contact with the thing he realises that it’s a buttplug.
Dean should probably have seen this coming. He would love to get out of the car but that would definitely mean no deal and that just isn’t an option so instead he looks down into his lap and says ”sorry” Castiel keeps staring at him as if waiting for something more so Dean chokes out a ”Sir” and tries to ignore the smug look as Castiel starts the car.
Castiel slams his back against a wall ”And I think that it would be better for you to stop speaking now”. He yanks his tie off and shoves it into Dean’s mouth, roughly tying it in the back. It’s uncomfortably tight and while it doesn’t completely make it impossible for him to speak it does make it impossible to do so with much dignity. So Dean decides to shut up.
”Well thanks” Dean shouts after him. Weird company that Castiel keeps. At least he got the answer to one of the many questions that he’s been dying to ask. Dean goes back to working on the car.
There’s a documentary on about bees ”It was Ice Road Truckers before I fell asleep” Dean admits before Castiel starts to think that he has a passion for bees.
Castiel pulls his fully erect cock out. And Dean can’t help staring. It’s definitely bigger than his own and in the corner of the revulsion he can feel a rising curiosity of what it will feel like on his tongue. Dean briefly looks up at Castiel who nods a single time. Dean looks back down and sticks out his tongue to lick across the head. Castiel groans and the hand in Dean’s hair tightens. This really isn’t so bad, maybe if Castiel is satisfied with him they’ll just stick to blowjobs.
By the tenth Dean’s ass is throbbing. He’s grabbing the bedsheet so hard that his knuckles whiten ”Eleven” he gasps out.
Dean lets out a whimper and drops the screw wrench he’d been holding. It hits the floor with a metallic clatter.
Castiel mercifully stops pushing in before getting to the base and looses his grip enough that Dean can start bobbing his head. It still feels like getting choked but at least Dean now can pull away a little when it gets to be too much.
”Remember you’re not allowed to come” Castiel whispers in his ear and Dean would probably strangle him right about now if what he was doing didn’t feel so good.
Dean decides two things as Castiel throws the towel on the floor and lies down to sleep. 1 Castiel is definitely an asshole and 2 That his body seems to be reacting extraordinarily much to this asshole and he might as well get with the program.
Nonono, this can’t be happening ”Please, I’m barely scraping by here. Isn’t there anything else I can do? Anything at all? I used to be a mechanic I could maybe take a look at the car myself? Or something else, I’m good at fixing stuff and building stuff and… please, I’ll do anything” Dean begs.
The spurts stop and Castiel is breathing heavily. Dean blinks his eyes open and sees that Castiel is still staring at him. Castiel reaches out and starts to push the shirt off Dean’s shoulders, Dean helping to get it off. Castiel balls it in his hand and uses it to gently wipe Dean’s face. When he’s satisfied he throws the shirt on the floor. He pulls his pants up and closes them.
Dean curses the situation but crawls to lie in Castiel’s lap anyway. Castiel yanks on the leash to make him crawl further up so it’s not his stomach that’s pressed against Castiel’s thighs but his crotch. Castiel strokes up Dean’s thigh with the hand not holding the leash and brushes the robe aside. Suddenly he smacks down on Dean’s ass causing Dean to cry out.
Dean feels hot and cold all over. Castiel’s face is inches from his and he feels trapped. He swallows.
Dean takes a mouthful and the alcohol burns on its way down but it helps. The others are smiling at him and then he’s being congratulated and slapped on the back.
Dean kind of disagrees. His medical record is much more personal than letting Castiel pay Sam’s tuition. But done is done and there’s no reason to make a fuss.
”Oh, but you didn’t have to enjoy it that much” Castiel is opening his pants and Dean’s blood thrums.
He’s wildly disoriented but Castiel’s bloodied fist that’s gripping his face is unmistakable. So is the gun in his other hand. He has a split lip and a wild look in his eyes and he’s straddling Dean who’s lying on the floor.
Dean refuses to answer. Castiel crouches in front of him ”It will be worse the next time you disobey me” Castiel’s grip on his face tightens until it hurts ”Won’t it be much nicer to just be a good boy for me?”
”It was a long time ago” Castiel shrugs ”I’m sorry he scared you. He didn’t expect me to have guests”
Dean forces himself to relax, the feeling foreign. Usually he’s so close to climaxing that it’s not really an issue. Castiel pushes all the way in ”Very good”
Dean wants to roll his eyes. His economic situation had been pretty clear from the beginning. Instead he just shrugs.
Castiel repeats the motion and laughs at Dean’s panting ”Never found this on your own?” Dean shakes his head and regrets not being the type to look stuff up.
After what feels like forever Castiel removes his hand and starts to unzip Dean’s pants ”Up” Dean obediently lifts his hips so Castiel can pull the pants down, leaving Dean’s dick on display. The pants come all the way off.
Castiel turns around and returns with lube before he grabs the flared base of the buttplug. He starts wriggling it out. It’s supremely uncomfortable that Castiel is even moving it around in Dean’s still sore ass but the size difference between the notch and the biggest part of the plug gives a painful stretch. Dean swears.
Too quiet. Too honest. Just the sound of it making Dean’s breath hitch in panic. He could feel Cas looking at him, waiting patiently, gaze curious. The heat of it forced Dean to continue.
“Me connecting with his grace fueled his memories. It opened the door. He’s progressing too quickly, this— this wasn’t supposed to happen,” Jack said weakly, guilt buried through the length of his voice.
It got bad again just a few days later, and Cas did what he always did; he withered and withdrew, leaving Dean behind.
“You know, I didn’t call to get my ass spanked by a Bratz doll. Hand the phone over to Jody,” He said briskly, silently enjoying the sudden scramble over the line as Jody pried her phone back from Claire.
“That way you can figure out what place you love the most,” Dean said, maybe to add some sort of clarity, an excuse as to why he wanted this so badly, but Cas didn’t even react to the words.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” He said, squeezing Dean’s shoulder, and Dean felt a shock zip down his spine so fluidly that he flinched back, ripping them apart.
“No, I mean it,” Sam gritted, all but stomping on Dean’s amusement. “I’m an asshole. I mean what kind of brother am I to let you keep—
For the first time in a long time, Dean didn’t want to die. He had a chance now, a means to start over, a person to come home to, and he was loved. Damn it— Dean was
What it would all mean to have Cas in his entirety, in every way imaginable. To have him sleep caressed and sun kissed beneath early morning sheets, the weight of his fingers tracing Dean’s palm down peaceful corridors, his scent cloaked in Dean’s very bones. To have his warmth as comfort and his hands as a guide that slid over Dean’s skin with familiarity. No more tentativeness, no more skimming the edges and tracing the seams of their story.
“But there’s one memory that stays,” Castiel smiled gently, voice pitched and flooded with awe. “That’s always been there, and it’s always stayed. It won’t ever leave me, and that memory is
” Cas squirmed painfully beneath the needle at his hip, groaning in frustration. “I don’t understand. I’ve fought against Lucifer himself, why does a battery powered needle elicit such a response—
Cas looked close to refusing him, a mischievous smile pulling at the seam of his lips, but there was really no debate. Cas handed a few pieces to Dean, fingers brushing over the palm of his hand.
Dean raised his head to look at Sam, ready to turn the blame on him before he could really let the sudden guilt in his stomach simmer, but his eyes met Eileen’s instead, and his body caved. She didn’t have to hear Dean’s outburst to know exactly what had happened. The weight in Dean’s shoulders was telling enough.
“I want that, I’ve always— but I thought—” He faltered, unable to voice it, but Sam knew. Sam had always known. “Sammy, I don’t want it if you’re not there with me.”
“Forget it,” Cas pushed at Dean’s shoulder, urging him to move. “I knew this would be a mistake. I never should have-”
Cas glared at him, pretty mouth bruised more red than pink now, obviously frowning, but Dean seriously couldn’t believe this. Any of it.
The warding should be enough to keep the angels away, at least for now. Dean could get Sam to scrounge up a more permanent solution to get Cas off the grid later, but for the moment this was all they could come up with. They just hoped it would be enough to get them back to the bunker without any trouble.
Whimpers bled through his fingers anyway. Pain rattled cries of weakness that made Dean hold the shirt even tighter to his chest, burying his face in the sweaty musk of it, fingers curling into fabric and wishing it were skin.
“Why did you stop?” Castiel asked, his voice a spike in the dark that had Dean jumping out of his skin, shame burning in his cheeks as he withdrew.
“I am scared,” Dean retorted. “You said it yourself, Cas. You think the more you remember, the worse you get, and we hadn’t even met when I made that deal. What happens when you start remembering everything else?”
“This is different,” Dean said sharply, ignoring the sobering look that overtook Sam’s features, confidence wavering. “He didn’t lose his memories the last time he came back from the Empty. He was practically fully charged, wings and everything. Now he’s…”
“Yeah, no,” Sam smiled. “He seems fine to me, Dean. He might seem a little off sometimes, sure. But wouldn’t you be?”
“I want you to be here too.” Dean said, their noses bumping, eyes bright just standing there under the fluorescents, and Dean decided that was it.
“You really think that’s best?” Sam whispered back, clear worry shining back to match Dean’s own. He turned to look over the back seat at Cas’s sleeping figure. “He could still see that demon's true face back there, isn’t that something? I mean, his memories came back fine last time. You told him and he—”
Jack’s smile was awed, and his cheeks rose like golden hills, framing the sides of his face. “You don’t?”
The moment didn’t last long, but Dean reveled in it anyway, eyes closing briefly, an ache in his heart spreading. He had to take a deep breath when they finally pulled apart, arms falling limp by his sides. And then Cas was right there in full view, looking up at Dean like he had all the answers, eyes shining in a way Dean didn’t think they did when he was an angel.
“Dean,” Sam started, but he was stopped short by the sound of Dean laughing into the rim of his beer.
The tattoo artist leaned back in her seat with a silent glare, lips pursing. Dean did his best to smile at her, but the feeling of Cas’s skin beneath his hands was distracting and the action came out horribly shaky. He forced out a breath, eyes trailing down to where he’d grabbed Cas by the stomach to hold him down again.
“We don’t know that for sure,” Dean demanded, hellbent and desperate. “He’s God. I’m sure he can figure it out.”
The room was casted in black when Dean stepped inside, every object sanded down to an incoherent shadow that only sharpened once Dean’s gaze landed on the bed. With the limited light flooding in from the hallway, he could make out the shape of feet through the comforter, the spiral of dark hair pressed flat against crumpled pillows, and for a brief moment, Dean was able to breathe again.
“Tuesday night, 11:38 p.m,” Dean started, taking a prideful step forward as Sam’s eyes slipped to the floor. “The weather meter in Rosewood Park fell from thirty-four degrees to nine,” He drew his eyebrows high. “It’s fucking March, Sam.”
But telling her that Cas was back but broken had somehow been even worse, because it had come with a secret, a ragged
It was something Dean had gotten used to allowing himself, one of very few, but letting Cas get so close now when he didn’t know any better felt invasive and wrong, like Dean was taking advantage of the guy.
They weren’t in the clear by any means, Dean knew that. The angel tablet was still in the wind, Metatron was nuking Heaven as they spoke and Sam wasn’t fully healed up yet, but god— they were alive.
Dean threw out a smile carelessly, nothing about it real or remotely what Sam wanted to see. It was demeaning more than anything, forced for Sam’s benefit, and there was nothing Sam hated more in the world than when his brother lied to his face.
He’d grown up right in the storm of it all, fighting for his life before he could even see through the peephole of the motels they stayed in. His childhood filled with hunger pains and nightmares and getting up before the sun just to ice bruises he didn’t want Sammy to see, and Dean had done all of it without a single prayer to the man upstairs, to anyone.
Dean smiled. He could promise Sam all he wanted. He could make it sound grand and genuine, threading in a little truth just to pat down the lies. He could tell Sam about the job applications hidden under his skin mags, or the mass of paperwork he’d been trying to stifle through just to even
Cas took his time ordering, eyes tracing down his menu with his teeth grazing his bottom lip, forehead creased with lines. There was a slouch in his posture, fingernails caked with dirt, but even then there was just too much about him that made Dean smile. A disheveled innocence that was adorable.
It’s classic Dean, no doubt there, but with their circumstances that joke became a little less like a joke the second Dean decided to kiss Cas. Dean’s eyes widened in realization, in horror, and he dropped his head so quickly that he couldn’t even check to see if Cas understood what the hell he’d just said.
“I want to be buried somewhere nice,” He interjected, shocking Dean into silence. Then, with a touch so gentle it almost went unfelt, Cas curled his fingers into the bottom of Dean’s shirt. “Somewhere with flowers. Maybe near a body of water if you’ll let me be picky.”
“Excuse me, Dean,” Cas mumbled to his right, reaching over the kitchen sink and Dean’s soap-soaked arms to grab at a towel.
Dean couldn’t pretend that he wasn’t scared. That he didn’t have every reason in the world to believe that Cas would be ripped away from him the second they even tried, the moment they allowed themselves to give. But Dean had wasted away too much of his life to let things like this go anymore. To let
There was a heavy pause, and Dean tried not to imagine the way Cas probably looked, hovering there with his mouth gaping and his face pinched with embarrassment. Dean would bet money he looked cute standing there, not knowing what to say as his face reddened.
Cas tried to smile at them, but the pain of it was immediate, rushing up the side of his face in a single hot flash. He forced his mouth back down, and his face stayed blank even as he signed back jokingly,
Gentle thumbs traced the skin under his eyes, soft and warm where it left a trail of sparks down Dean’s cheekbones. There’s a wave that began to rise then, right in Dean’s stomach, clattering up his spine. Tears burned behind his eyelids and his body surged with emotion, all of it finally crashing when Cas said, “You’ve changed me, Dean. No matter how this ends, you have to remember that. For the both of us.”
“What are you saying?” Dean felt hollowed out, bled dry. He was being flooded and torched in flames all at once, and his voice rose above a sudden surge of power that blew in from behind him and traced a flush up the back of his neck. “Are you trying to tell me that Cas’s grace is still stuck there? In the Empty?”
Dean was quiet for a few restless minutes, gaze flicking back and forth between the road and the directions on his phone. The wind tore up beneath the Impala’s wheels as they sped on, fighting Dean’s grip.
Sam and Dean left for Minnesota the next day on the account of nothing but weather spikes and glowing bodies. A lead that was barely there and yet for some reason, caught Dean’s interest.
“You don’t mind do you?” Dean asked as they stepped into their shared room, figuring he should at least act like he’d be willing to hit the road again tonight if Cas really wanted to.
Dean didn’t have a chance to respond before Sam was ripping it straight from him, sending a spout of beer dripping off the curve of his chin.
It had been a while since Dean had felt this: the blinding panic of a hunt gone wrong, a case spiralling into a bloodbath rather than a rescue mission.
Because Dean thinks he probably would have given himself away right then and there. His whole body froze as if struck cold, frosted still, but in reality his insides were being swarmed with warmth, consumed by flames. Dean’s heart became a relentless patter that made his stomach swoon, and it was impossible not to think that it was all in the eyes.
“Then just go in and yank it out,” Dean yelled, his heart in his throat. “Forget the cat napping, and fight your way through!”
“It’s not like I have much say in the matter.” Castiel murmured, forcing Dean’s smile away along with his hand, no longer amused.
Eileen had been staying with them in the bunker on and off again ever since the world had been put back together, and her and Sam’s relationship had only improved because of it. Before, where Sam had been shy and jittery with every smile Eileen threw his way, now he was certain and effortless with which he moved around her, clinging to her on all sides.
It's an impulse that's always been there, buried back behind Dean’s rib cage where he could feel it rattle every time he breathed, begging to be let out. To be acknowledged and accepted, but fear of rejection tended to pump the brakes more often than not. The possibility that Cas being an angel restricted him from feeling anything like how Dean felt was all too real, and it had stopped Dean dead in his tracks time and time again.
Above them, the bunker lights flickered, the air spilling with static, and all it took was Dean blinking against a breach of wind for Jack to appear beside them.
He wanted to ask Cas if he was sleeping well, eating enough. Wanted to brush at the skin around his eyes with his fingertips and watch dark eyes watch him back; to not only see but feel the crinkles that appeared when Cas was brave enough to smile.
it had been one of the hardest moments of Dean’s life. Saying it out loud, listening to his own voice creak and shudder like metal in the wind.
“I feel…” Cas swallowed, sitting up with great effort. Dean moved to help him, a hand cupping his shoulder, and Cas turned to look at him sharply, his eyes pulled wide with alarm.
“I’ve been to a lot of places, Cas,” He said, trying for a smile. He thumbed at the corner of the spread of cards in his hand, clenching his jaw in a movement that he hoped looked like he was still paying attention to the game they were playing.
“Everything’s gonna be fine, Cas,” Dean assured gently, looking at Cas and damning the senseless trust he saw buried in his eyes even now, even with his life on the line and his brain scrambled into nothingness.
“Best flavor of pie?” His voice rang through the dead silence of the library, and when Dean turned away from his tray of pie with crust flakes still stuck to his chin, he found Cas grinning at him from across the table.
“I think so. But when Cas died, it just—” Sam shook his head, eyes closing dreadfully. “I think something happened. Dean won’t tell me what it is, but he can barely even look at the guy.”
“The peanut butter is for you,” Dean said, weakly. “When you were—” He cut himself off, eyes widening.
“I know,” Sam stared down at him, looking more grown and puppy eyed than Dean had ever seen him. “Believe me, I know. It goes against your whole code, right?”
But Cas, as usual, didn’t disappoint. He sat down on one of the two beds and smiled over at Dean, hands folding across his lap.
“I… I remember my car,” Castiel breathed, starting slow, barely taking up air. “I remember the weight of my coat, my trench coat— where— where is it?” He startled back, suddenly horrified. “Where did I put it?”
From beside Sam, Eileen gave a humored smile. “It’s not like I have a preference in music here,” She said plainly.
“Did you two find everything okay?” The cashier asked, not even bothering to look up from where he was scanning items routinely. The kid looked exhausted, red hair flattened awkwardly at the top, face pale around a splatter of freckles.
He breathed in sharp and pulled away with a hand on his shoulder, sweat shining over the front of his throat. With his eyes glassy, Sam turned to glance over at Cas who was still sprawled out on the floor, hands clutching at the bottom of his hospital gown.
Dean visibly deflated, jaw clenching as he turned away to reach for his bag again out of pure discomfort. He fumbled with the straps for a moment, uncertain what else to do or say when the sound of paws against tile started rounding the table.
"This is what you call snow, correct?" Cas asked, but his voice seemed far away and unbelievably distant, his focus still trained on the sky.
Dean stared out at the road in front of him, silent. Telling Jody that Cas was gone, that the world was back and the people were home but somehow they’d still gotten fucked over because
Dean swallowed forcefully, letting his arm drop. He turned to Sam, forcing a smile, “Ice that shoulder, alright?”
“Dean, stop!” Sam finally shouted, using the full width of his voice, and Dean straightened back to find Sam glaring at him, his features laced with pain.
“And you disappear,” Dean could hardly feel his own tongue as he spoke, daunted by the realization. “You hide in your room so that none of us have to see you like this.”
“They can’t all be vengeful, Dean. I have allies. Angels who still have faith in me,” Dean wasn’t sure who Cas was trying to convince, but it was hard with how breathless he sounded, every word grating along his throat. “What about them? Am I supposed to just abandon them all?”
” Castiel asked, his voice unnaturally timid. Dean nearly let it distract him, his heart rising for just a beat before he swallowed it all back down and cleared his throat.
” Cas said, impassioned, brimming with a word Dean didn’t dare think about, and the two fell into a heavy silence. Dean could hear the way his throat stuck as he swallowed, knuckles brushing over the outside of his thigh.
” Dean snapped, and his head lolled to the side, lurching against a wave of black. Fuck, he was tired. “Don’t want to wait just— take me back. ‘Need to get home, need to get Cas, I— Sammy, I miss Cas. I want Cas.”
This alien being that was strung together with grace and essence who could burn down cities, rip apart demons with a single touch, was the same Cas who Dean let ride shotgun.
It terrified Dean more than anything that when Cas tried to speak again, he sounded close to tears, “
Dean hadn’t meant for this conversation to get personal. Hell, he hadn’t meant for this conversation
“I, uh,” Sam cleared his throat, eyes flashing helplessly towards Dean. “I was gonna say my girlfriend but, yeah.”
“But how did he save you? You were trapped, Cas’s powers had been failing for a while. There’s no way he was strong enough to do anything to Billie,” Sam explained heatedly, and there was that look again— the one that made Dean’s skin crawl, the one that made the emotion on Sam’s face manifest as a physical weight that lived and breathed right in the center of Dean’s chest.
” Jody retorted just as easily, shouting from afar to make sure Dean could hear her over Claire’s laughter.
because at least that part wasn’t a hopeless cause anymore. At least Cas loving him wasn’t some wasted pipe dream.
And now they were alone, no Sam to bridge the gap. No Miracle to keep Dean sane or Eileen to make small talk. It was just Dean and his memories battling Cas’s empty head, a stretch of road in front of them and a plethora of ghosts at their back.
“You alright, man?” Sam asked, clearly amused, and Dean didn’t know how much of the phone call he could hear, but the grin on his face as he signed to Eileen in the backseat wasn’t promising.
The smoke circled and spun through the air without control, traveling past each one of them before forcing itself back into Lundy’s body. His head jerked back, mouth closing with a gulp, and Dean drove his knife into him with a turned head, wincing as he felt the vessel shutter and spark beneath his hand.
On the other end of the line, Castiel was quiet. Dean fought the urge to check if he was still there.
A draft blew in from the bedroom’s vent, shifting the air with static. Dean could feel the sweat at the small of his back prickling in the cold.
I was also really excited to add Jody and Claire into this chapter, considering the actual writers completely forgot about them *pained laughing* so I hope you enjoyed their little moments! Thank you all so much for reading, and make sure to come scream at me here and on Twitter @ricochetdean where I'll keep you updated on future posts.
Dean didn’t hesitate. He ran forward as soon as he saw the blood, Lundy’s body contorting back with pain, hands grabbing at his own face.
“I guess you're right. I’m probably just…” Dean trailed off, breathing in sharp and harsh as he brought the weight back down to his chest. His vision went soft, prickling with exhaustion, and he bit out a nervous laugh. “He’s just always in his room, you know, and I’m not one to talk but the guy could really use some sun—”
” Castiel corrected, eyes dancing emphatically. He pulled out a green skittle and rolled it between his thumb and index finger for a moment, frowning. He licked his lips. “I wish to travel the world someday. I feel as though I’ve never really been anywhere.”
“We’ll be back in a jiffy, don’t you worry,” He assured, even if the words felt all sorts of wrong, because at least Eileen seemed to believe them; she breathed in deeply, and her features had settled by the time she moved to stand beside Jack.
“Look, just— go read the note, okay? I left it on your desk, it explains everything. We’ll be back in a few days.”
He knew Dean was breaking. Knew that Castiel had sacrificed himself, again, and the only reason Dean hadn’t collapsed on the spot the moment it happened was because they had had the world to save.
“I’ve been feeling better, man, don’t worry. Besides, the booze will help,” He said, slapping the leather seat with a grin.
It’s the way Sam said it, with his voice scraped raw and his jaw locked tight that made the knot in Dean’s chest slowly begin to unravel, splintering outwards and shriveling up. Reality settled high on his shoulders, washing the anger away, and Dean’s eyes drifted to the motionless body across the room.
Cas tried for a shrug. It didn’t quite convince Dean. “I’ve put it off long enough,” Was all he said, and after applying another ridiculous layer of shaving cream, Cas made careful work with the leftover stubble on his jawline.
“Man, I can’t even remember the last time I had ice cream that wasn’t drowning in liquor. This is fucking awesome,” Dean groaned through a mouthful, face twisting as his teeth froze over. He hissed out a breath, smiling through the buzz of it. “Hey, killjoy,” Sam lifted his head, and through a gurgling mess of ice cream, Dean said, “I’m sure if you asked the waitress she could freeze you up some carrot juice.”
Dean finished folding his jeans up and looked over at Cas, expression guarded, uncertain as to what he’d see there. It was about what he expected; Cas, troubled and folding in on himself, fingers weaving together, shoulders caved.
Eileen slowly slid her hand over the breath of Dean’s shoulders, encouraging him to lean against her, and before Dean knew it he was resting the good side of his head on Eileen’s shoulder, sniffling into the end of her hair. It was the only way Dean could think to apologize for pushing her away earlier. He hoped she understood.
“Great, cause those things aren’t rigged as all hell,” Dean mumbled, more to himself than anything, because Jack was already making his way to Cas’s bedside and Sam was following without pause, without reason, leaving Dean behind to watch Cas’s bedside get swarmed.
“I believe I’m entitled to swearing, Dean.” Castiel said, blinking up at the bright lights above them, nose flaring.
Dean caved the moment he was alone. He collapsed into the sink, bearing himself on both elbows, and when he breathed it shuttered through his whole body, wringing a sound out of him that made him flush with shame. Distantly, through a ceaseless cloud, Dean registered Miracle’s warmth pressing into the bulk of his leg, wrapping him in comfort. The next breath came easier. He forced his hands under the cool rush of water, inhaling deep enough to feel it curl at the base of his stomach.
“And you’re far too persistent,” His voice was harsh this time in a way that batted at Dean’s skull, spinning him off course. From what felt like far away, Dean watched Cas suffer his way through another knock back of whiskey, and this time when Cas spoke, his words were weathered like a sand storm, “I said I’m fine. Besides, I’m sure I’ve had worse, right?”
“Have a seat right over there,” Dean gestured to one of the infirmary beds pushed against the glass wall. He closed the door behind them. “I gotta find some real stitches. None of that dental floss shit for you.”
But standing there, with his phone still warm in his pocket from Cas’s call and his heart buzzing at the very idea that he had someone to come home to, Dean stopped.
He ended up having to turn back just short of the front door and whip out a hundred with a lovesick grin on his face, something in him practically shining as he grabbed onto Cas by the shoulder and pulled them both out into the street.
Dean was still just as scared, even full-grown and able-bodied and angry enough to take down anyone who tried to step on him. Speaking his truth was still terrifying, fundamentally unthinkable. It burned through his blood and churned acid in his stomach. It still brought him back to a time when hiding was all he could do, and breathing a word of any of it was dangerous enough to get him killed.
“Of course,” Cas smiled knowingly, accepting the answer, but Dean knew he didn’t understand. Not really, and he didn’t know how he was supposed to explain that he wasn’t talking about the bunker.
Anyway, thank you all so much for reading and sticking with me. Tell me what you thought in the comments, and I’ll see you in a few weeks!
Blue eyes peered up at him, shy and doubtful beneath a flutter of lashes and a stretch of warm skin that had filled out with tension over the years. Dean had always wanted to ask him why his vessel seemed to age, his face ridden with frowning lines and eye crinkles similar to Dean’s own, almost as if they had been mirrored that way.
“What? You mean lay down?” Dean mumbled roughly, body turning to look at Cas in question, an eyebrow rising as his voice fell away.
“A once angel of the lord wants to bone me,” Dean said. “Wow, that’s an automatic ticket downstairs if I’ve ever seen one.”
“Cas?” Dean tossed his phone and tore off his seatbelt in a panic, scrambling across the front seat without even bothering to try the door. “Cas! What’s—”
“Why don’t you make yourself useful and go give this to Cas,” Dean threw the rest of the sandwich together and pushed it towards Sam meaninglessly. He couldn’t stomach any of this anymore. “I’m sure he’s starving.”
“I’m sorry, that was—” Cas waved his hand frantically, eyes closing with a wince. “I didn’t mean to be so forward, I just… I can tell you’re frustrated. With this situation. With me.”
Bullet wounds, battle scars— that’s what he could handle. That’s what he’d been ready for. He could have built Cas from the ground up again if he had to. Dean would have taken Cas for what he was, broken or not, still beautiful—
Patience stood up from Cas’s bedside the moment Sam and Dean returned to the infirmary. Sam flocked to Eileen’s side instantly, needing her close, but Patience had a shakiness to her features that qued Dean in, setting alarms blaring through his skull before he could even think to bolt towards Cas.
To Dean’s relief, Cas at least had the decency to look appalled by the question. Dean could see his shoulders flinch even from beneath the thickness of his coat, the skin around his eyes wrinkling with shame. Cas even looked a little hurt, brows furrowed into this puppy eyed expression that had Dean releasing a stilted breath.
Dean tossed an arm around Castiel's shoulder and led them inside, stepping widely just to fuck with Cas and make him stumble. It was undeniably lame, but it was an excuse for Dean to drag his arm down and grab Cas by the waist instead to steady him, the two of them a laughing mess by the time they reached an empty booth.
His brother was hiding. Throwing himself into work like he always did, and Sam wasn’t going to pretend like he didn’t notice, or that he didn’t want to help.
Dean stood restlessly as Cas slouched with relief. The scar on his face caught the light as his head dropped, highlighting the patchy mesh of it, all torn skin and puffy blisters, and Dean felt the knot in his spine tighten impossibly more, the weight he carried there multiplying tenfold.
for something even close to what they’d had before; before Mary and Chuck and Billie and all the other crap that had made Dean too angry to see that Jack was— and had always been— doing his damndest to make things right.
He didn’t pull them closer, or drag his hand up. All he did was hold onto Dean, but with the way he looked at him— captivated and endeared by the very sight of him, the most minute details of his existence, the way he had
“No, it’s because you feel guilty,” Sam corrected, fixing Jack with a look that had him bristling as if caught, his eyes flickering.
“I thought you’d say red,” Castiel frowned thoughtfully. When Dean gave him a questioning look, Cas gestured towards his flannel, which on that day just so happened to be a checkered mix of red and black.
He looked further through the treeline, stared harder, and yes, yes that— that was the warehouse he’d seen before, that was the soft glow of wide-open doors and chipped metal beams, and standing there, right before Dean’s vision went blurry and grey edged, was Sam and Eileen.
He did, he knew it. And this time running from it wasn’t something he considered. It wasn’t even an option.
Sam wrapped his fingers around the edge of the plate, hands unsteady, and cleared his throat. He had just enough nerve to ask, “Why aren’t you giving it to him yourself?”
Dean opened his eyes as Cas pulled back to look at him, and they both shared matching smiles, shyness creeping up rather than doubt. The snow had stopped and the sky had lightened, the dark gray night blurring into a gentle orange that seemed to start at the very edge of the world, though Dean doesn’t think either of them noticed.
And then they were both at a loss, a memory drifting between them, silencing them. Dean could still feel the weight of Cas’s gaze, the nothingness that had been looking down at him in the crypt when Cas had beaten him to a bloody stain, angel blade in hand, heart somewhere else entirely.
Dean watched Cas silently, observing the way he dug through the drawers in search of sugar and groaned as he bent into the fridge to grab milk, spine cracking when he straightened back up.
There was a beat of silence, Dean staring off at a spot on the wall with his mouth ajar, tongue running dry.
“I can’t think about that now,” Dean squeezed Sam’s shoulder as he pulled away, eyes flitting down the hall. He coughed, forcing the emotion out of his throat. “Not with Cas being—”
everything the same but everything different. Deeper and better but harder and scarier, the world growing with them.
Dean's knees twitched, his feet shifting slightly forward, and then suddenly Cas was gone, a gentle flutter of wings the only indication that he was ever there. And Dean, the poor bastard, was almost relieved. He’d been close to doing what he couldn’t, what he’d never been able to do, and maybe this was a sign.
“Send Castiel here back to the Empty, and an eternity of fulfillment awaits,” Lundy said breathily, the very prospect of it making his eyes glaze over. “That’s the idea anyway. Death isn’t pleasant for anybody, but the one who wrangles this one back might just get themselves a penthouse view down under.”
Sam watched tentatively as Dean swept his arm over the mess without care, soaking the sleeve of his shirt down to the skin.
It turned out Cas had gotten a sleeve of Nutter Butter rather than a box of Milk Duds, and Dean spent a whole five minutes enthusing about how Cas missed out on the superior snack before inevitably reaching his hand across the seat, silently asking for a bite.
Dean swallowed. He grabbed for the mess of cards at the center of the table and forced them into one neat stack, slapping them against the wooden top once before handing them over.
And it’s like watching a kid get told off for being too loud, or a puppy for being too excited. Cas blinked in surprise, having not even realized their closeness, and drew away as if pushed, embarrassment creeping up the edges of his face grimly.
A soft whimper from the floor drew Dean’s attention. He tilted his head down guilty to find Miracle budding his nose against his leg, eyes glassy and sad. Dean steered Miracle clear of the broken glass and crouched to the ground, wrapping his arms around the dog’s neck.
This was Cas without the burdens, without the torment, and Dean loved him— still, always. But if stripping Cas of his pain meant changing him entirely, then Dean didn’t want it. He didn’t want some squeaky clean version of Cas that walked and talked and smiled at Dean the same way, this gummy toothed pull of his lips that always sent Dean’s heart batting around his ribcage.
After some awkward scrambling and grumbled curses, Dean managed to get somewhat comfortable, most of his anxiety coming from the fact that he was sitting on his dead dad’s car three years older and twenty pounds heavier than the last time he’d tried, rather than that Cas was right behind him, staring so intently that Dean could feel the heat of it boring into the back of his neck.
“Is it?” Dean squinted at his brother through the lowlights of the bunker’s library, disoriented. Somehow, he already had a beer in his hand.
Dean choked out a laugh, fighting against the swell of warmth he could feel swimming beneath molten skin. “What? Miss me already?”
Dean stepped over to shield Cas from view, and the boy’s gaze immediately snapped back up to Dean’s face with dreadful realization. His face flushed red in a matter of seconds, making it even more satisfying when Dean leaned in closer, voice pulled low, and said, “Look at him again and I’ll knock you on your ass, capeesh?”
There was a fine line between lying to Cas and simply refraining from the truth. It had gotten easier to navigate between the two, realizing the kind of things that just couldn’t be said, or the questions that were better left unanswered. But this… this was different. Cas had done more for Jack than both Sam and Dean combined. He’d been a father to Jack, in every sense of the word, and yet Cas couldn’t even remember the kid's name.
He could see Castiel’s chest moving from this distance, a gradual rise and fall, but only barely. His hair was disheveled, sticking out every which way, and just the sight of it kick-started something in Dean that had long since been absent, an irrevocable ache for the past and a need for the future that had him looking at Jack helplessly.
“Nah, I’ve seen enough red for a lifetime,” He sat up and stretched off the roller, craning his neck a little to grin incoherently in Cas’s direction when he added, “blue though— now that’s a different story.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean snatched them up and pushed them over the bridge of his nose before he could think better of it, and the relief was overwhelming. He slumped against the Impala.
“You missed the upholstery at least,” Sam muttered. He hauled Dean up from the ground by the shoulders, lips curling into a hidden smile as Dean cursed and swayed on his feet.
“Hey, buddy,” Dean smiled, hardly even blinking when Cas crossed the space between them to embrace Dean warmly, forcing his chin onto Dean’s shoulder.
” Came Castiel’s voice, a sudden jolt in Dean’s ears that made the last thirty-second interaction turn fire in his stomach. His heart flipped helplessly in his chest, batting against his sternum, and Dean rubbed at the back of his neck, eyes glued to the cracked tile floor.
It got quiet between them quickly, Dean laser focused and hyper aware, Cas breathing in slow and calculated, a noise in his chest catching every few seconds. He was nervous. That much Dean could tell, which was as much of a relief as it was a damn nuisance. One of them needed to be feeling somewhat sane in this situation, and that sure as hell wasn’t going to be Dean.
Dean slowly surfaces from his sleep at the feeling of a solid body grinding against him. Still muddled from sleep Dean pushes back, enjoying the drag of an erection against his ass. Heat courses through his relaxed body and he starts thrusting into his loose fist to create some friction.
Balthazar hands Dean the helmet ”I take it you’ve done this before but stay still and don’t fight the turns”
Castiel starts wriggling the plug again ”Good. I can do whatever I want to this hole” He yanks and Dean bites back a curse ”You should feel lucky that I even bother to do this slowly. I could just as well take you right here without any preparation.”
Dimitri is a surprisingly skilled artist. The needle on Dean’s skin grounds him and he savors the pain. The others play cards and drink while Dimitri works. They’re all sharing stories from Russia and even though Dean isn’t really able to follow he recognizes the atmosphere of sacrifice and fighting your way up.
Castiel starts laughing for real but he looks like he wants to cry ”Oh my god. You weren’t meant to be this much trouble. You were just supposed to be weekend entertainment and then I foolishly wanted to keep you around for longer. And now you’re a liability” Castiel picks up the gun again.
Dean is definitely going to strangle him. He’s too angry to question the premise ”Sam’s tuition, clothes, paying off debt….”
”I want you to be available to me for… this entire weekend, shall we say? I want you to do everything I tell you and I don’t want any trouble with you, otherwise the deal’s off” The man replies, looking like they’re just discussing a business deal and not like he’s asking Dean to whore himself out to him for several days.
”Don’t look so freaked out. You’re going to live here until this gets untangled and I hope you’re at least going to be better company than you are right now”
Dean’s puzzlement must show because Castiel continues ”Your mouth belongs to me and I haven’t granted you the right to utter profanities.” Castiel brings his hand down hard on his ass, violently pushing the plug back in. Dean cries out.
Castiel starts jerking him off again while watching his face intently. The pain is still there but it’s pushed to the back of his mind, present mostly as a novel feeling his body doesn’t really know what to do with. Castiel is touching him all over and it feels amazing.
Castiel turns back around in time to see the face he’s making ”Feels differently when you’re not the one in control, doesn’t it”
I'm just dropping by to remind everyone to be safe when using hot wax. You can burn yourself (or others) quite badly if you don't know what you're doing so please research it before trying it for the first time. The same risk of disaster goes for hair pulling and a lot of the other things happening here. There are tons of great educational resources out there. I personally like Evie Lupine on youtube but the information can be found in almost every format.
Castiel grabs his ass and strokes the fur displayed between his cheeks ”Good. Now start touching yourself.”
”Are you coming to bed?” Castiel sounds amused at his uncertainty. To regain the feeling of control over the situation Dean shrugs out of the robe, satisfied with the surprise on Castiel’s face.
Dean is still frowning but takes the clothes being offered. At least the bastard didn’t use the lighter on him.
Castiel skims his hand up Dean’s side and kisses his spine. Then there’s the sound of something that Dean hopes is lube. This is confirmed when it touches his skin, the cold making him jerk forward. He quickly moves back again as a glance up in the mirror shows him the look on Castiel’s face.
Castiel puts the glass on the bar behind Dean and places a hand on his shoulder ”down” he orders. Dean complies, his face pressing against Castiel’s body on the way down. Once he’s down Castiel starts unzipping his pants and okay, this again. Weird, but Dean didn’t really care for where the conversation was headed anyway. He can roll with this.
They talk for well over an hour. Sam is luckily too preoccupied with telling Dean about his term to dig too much into Dean’s life. So he gets away with a vague statement about a temporary gig at a garage. Which is definitely for the best. He doubts that Sam would react well to the truth.
Castiel is bended over to remove the shoes but glances up at his outfit ”I really should get you something else to wear” he comments.
”I’m going to add another one” Castiel tells him. It’s way too early and Dean scrambles to relax enough that it’s not unbearable. It’s still not great.
As Dean moans around the chain he almost drops it and has to catch it at the last minute. He nervously glances at Castiel who definitely noticed but has a flush creeping from his shirt collar and is palming himself through his pants.
”Oh no, pchelka” Castiel’s arms tighten around him ”It’s for business. If I start involving you it will get…. Complicated if you want to leave”
Castiel chooses this time to add a third finger. Dean hisses at the intrusion, his body oversensitive and done with being touched.
Dean follows Castiel into the house where the theme of impecable and modern continues. Dean feels severely out of place in his work clothes and with the dust from the building ground sticking where he’s been sweating. Unlike Castiel in his navy tailored suit that fits right in.
Dean creeps to the bathroom and prays that the glass is going to fog up if he runs the shower hot enough. It’s a pretty big room, though, so he doesn’t have high hopes. And Castiel might decide to just join him instead. Dean can’t figure out if that’s worse or not.
Castiel grabs the back of Dean’s neck and guides his hardening cock between Dean’s lips. Dean sticks his tongue out to lick the head but Castiel keeps forcing his head forward ”open”. Dean opens his mouth and Castiel immediately thrusts all the way back. Dean starts coughing and claws at Castiel’s thighs to make him pull back but Castiel is roughly fucking in and out of Dean’s mouth. Dean is going to choke
”My dad owed them money. I paid off the debt after he died. And then left the state. But that was years ago. Happy?”
Balthazar has coffee and painkillers ready for him. He grumbles his thanks. Before he can sit down Balthazar slaps his ass.
Finally Castiel pulls it all the way out. He immediately pushes two fingers in ”Very good” He says ”Clench for me”
Dean opens the door without knocking. Castiel turns to look at him. He’s removed his tie and jacket and is opening the cuffs of his shirt. Dean’s eyes are drawn to the open collar of the shirt and his mouth goes dry. He quickly looks away.
Dean considers for a moment that he doesn’t particularly want to remember it. The others take this as indecisiveness and start stripping to show him their tattoos. The feeling of brotherhood from the laughing and shared bottle and memories etched into skin makes Dean want to be a part of it all.
The guy smiles condescendingly which makes Dean want to punch his handsome face ”Do you have any idea how much this car costs?”
”Do you have trouble understanding the laws of traffic?” The man asks through clenched teeth ”don’t those things require a license?” he keeps brushing his suit with his hands even though it doesn’t seem to have gotten dirty.
He looks to the door, remembering the other two. Dimitri is there. There’s blood splattered on his face and he’s watching Dean with a strange look on his face.
Balthazar orders take away for dinner and it’s from some fancy overpriced place. If Dean had been raised with better manners he would have probably thought that the amount of wine they drink along with the meal was a shame.
”No, Dean. I’m not happy” Castiel hasn’t removed the gun ”That’s a very nice story, I’ll give you that. But if it was true they wouldn’t have been waiting for us”
”Just that a friend would come to pick up the car” Castiel doesn’t look inclined to believe him ”I swear. You can check my phone, the text is still there”
Dean scrambles to get the lube and the lays back down, jamming two fingers inside of himself. Before his body can get used to the stretch he adds a third finger. It burns but fearing what’s to come it seems like the wise choice.
”Ah” Castiel is watching the bee documentary again ”That’s nice” He skims his hand up Dean’s thigh and then lets it rest higher up. Dean really shouldn’t be getting this riled up about it. But he’s already been on edge for the last hours and his body is screaming for relief.
Dean parts his lips and his head is shoved forward onto Castiel’s erection. Dean tries to adjust his pose so he’s not putting pressure on the buttplug but nothing is really satisfying. Castiel isn’t moving, just resting his dick in Dean’s mouth.
Dean freezes at that. He has zero interest in having sex with Balthazar but at the same time it’s not really as if he has a choice if he wants to show Castiel that he can follow orders.
Balthazar runs a hand through his hair. Then he gestures for them to follow him into the living room where the kitchen is. He and Castiel have a long conversation in Russian while Balthazar makes coffee and Dean is just awkwardly standing there.
This is only going to work if he’s guessed correctly. But the way Castiel is taking this so personally. The way people react to him… He has to be one of the people in charge.
Maybe Castiel meant something else before, or it’s different when they’re not eating. But it could also be a trap, Castiel just waiting for a reason to punish him. Dean is going to go crazy from this.
Castiel holds up a buttplug that looks much, much bigger than the last one and is made of metal. Dean yelps even before he sees the ball of fur on the end. Hell no.
Dean gets under the covers. He awkwardly lies down on his back, not really knowing what to expect. Castiel however, just turns to switch off the lamp at the bedside table, turns on his side and says ”Goodnight, Dean”. Leaving Dean lying confused in the dark, relief and disappointment mixing in his body until he’s mainly just nauseous. Dean turns on his side away from Castiel and squeezes his eyes shut.
At least Castiel has the manners to angle his thrusts so he’s hitting Dean’s prostate every time and soon the pain gives way to a much more pleasant feeling.
Castiel narrows his eyes ”If you’re planning on just being difficult then you can get out of the car”
While I'm here I also want to make it totally clear that what's happening in this fic is generally pretty unhealthy and there are definite issues around consent. Remember to clear stuff in advance with your partner(s) and establish safewords or alternative modes of communication if you're doing play where stop doesn't mean stop. And of course take the boundaries of yourself and others seriously.
The only redeeming feature had been that the bed is incredibly comfortable. Dean is used to cheap motel beds. It’s been over a year since he’s had a flat. At first it was due to moving around too much for it to make sense and later it was because he didn’t have money for a deposit. Whenever Sam asked he always told him the same lie about looking for something but not finding anything he really liked. He wasn’t sure that Sam totally believed him but at least he’d never protested against Dean paying his tuition.
”I want you to tell me the truth” Castiel is also yelling now and that’s even more scary than his usual steely composure ”Did they arrange for us to meet? Knowing that I would be drawn in by your pretty face and the way you were begging to be dominated?” Castiel spits out the last part with disgust in his voice.
”Stop, stop, stop” Balthazar breathes, then seems to get ahold of himself ”Did Castiel tell you about all of the boring rules?” He takes Dean’s confused silence as a no ”You’re going to have to help out here. Castiel is going to kill me if my impulse control slips”
”Would you like to come?” it takes some time for the words to register. So long that Castiel chuckles ”Is that a no?”
He can almost hear Castiel shrug ”I can remove it but I doubt that you’ll like what’s coming if you’re not expanded”
Castiel catches his hands fumbling with the robe ”No” and then backs off, sitting down in a chair facing the bed.
Dean i freaking out the smallest bit. This feels a lot more like agreeing to have sex for money. It’s fine he tells himself. He’s always been a hustler and this is a great deal.
”Thought so” Castiel squeezes Dean’s thigh possessively a single time and then going back to just leaving his hand there.
”Good” Castiel is still toying with his nipple and mumbles, seemingly to himself ”I might keep you after all”.
Dean is kind of freaking out but he stays on the bed, unable to see, while Castiel is moving around the room.
Dean breathes deeply, trying not to think too hard on the mess he’s landed himself in. He’s definitely lost the job which is unbelievably frustrating. But realistically he would have had to work months if not years at that place to pay off what this would add to his debt. No, it had definitely been the smart choice to go with Castiel. Even though he’s feeling as if he might be eaten alive here. Dean shakes his head and heads to the shower, no reason to dwell on it. He could really use a drink, though.
”Yes?” The corner of Castiel’s mouth quirks up. He’s still watching the damn TV but it’s pretty clear that he knows exactly what’s going on.
Dean can feel himself blushing furiously but reaches down to pull his thighs towards his chest. Dean is completely exposed to Castiel.
It wasn’t an unfamiliar feeling. Dean had been here plenty of times before. Sinking in the kind of standstill that made him feel sixteen all over again, sneaking through the dark and staring at John through livid tears, too scared to raise his voice or raise his fist because
“I—” He didn’t know what to say. It felt like he’d been apologizing to everyone lately, cleaning up his own messes as much as he could, but he still didn’t understand how to do this. He tried again, “Eileen,” and his eyes bled water, “these last few months—”
“Are lesbians inherently badass?” Castiel looked genuinely intrigued, convinced Dean knew something he didn’t.
“Nothing. Nothing, uh— where are your clothes?” Dean rubbed at his bottom lip with the pad of his thumb, urging his smile away to instead focus on what the hell Cas was wearing.
Something heavy and fresh was cemented into Dean’s center, weaving through the gaps of his ribcage to cloak him in this layer of pain that was different than anything Dean had ever felt before. This overwhelming helping of sympathy and anguish that only grew harsher when Cas looked up at him with a gaze that was empty, picked clean of hope.
I—” Castiel tilted his head at him, lips parting around a silent question that fell away the second Dean whimpered out, “Cas, you
"Son of a-!" Dean growled as he pressed tensely against the brake, pulling off to the side of the road with hard eyes and gnarled lips.
Cas hadn’t been able to say anything before Sam was returning from the restroom, sliding back into the booth alongside Dean. But Dean had looked at Cas and understood perfectly what it meant when the angel stashed the tape in his trench coat with a hidden smile, his head bowed shyly.
to move. He exhaled shakily, a puff of white air escaping his lips to brush Cas's face, making his eyelids flutter in a way that even the snow hadn’t been able to do.
It had been over an hour since Cas had abandoned his seat belt to lay down in the backseat of the Impala, and even longer since he’d spoken a word.
“What’s wrong? What happened?” Sam demanded, quickly setting his coffee aside to grab Dean by the shoulder.
for him in the way that he needed, the way that Dean craved in the dark and quiet. He could only articulate it in his dreams. The entirety of what he wanted, the vastness of it digestible so long as he was wading through the dimness of his own head. Things were different in the daylight. Dean wasn’t sure he’d ever be able to explain how even the timeless car parked in the garage meant nothing as long as Dean didn’t have anyone in the passenger seat next to him.
“Oh, it’s him alright,” Dean laughed bitterly, staggering away from the door to collapse into the nearest seat just a few feet away. “He thought we were here to interview him about the accident.”
“Listen,” Dean started, straddling that ever changing line between angry and worried. “I’m sorry your life isn’t what you pictured it’d be when you were in that hospital. I’m sorry you don’t have a girl to come home to, or a kid to keep in line, or whatever other Hallmark crap you hoped for. You drew the short end of the fucking stick ending up with me and Sam.
He seemed uncomfortable. Freaked out even, and Dean took a hesitant step back, terrified he’d done something wrong.
It’s not a threat. It’s an agreement, a promise that was sealed the moment Cas bent forward and kissed Dean sweetly, the hint of a smile still tugging at the corners of his mouth.
It was a crime having to decide on a flavor of pie for the two of them once their food was gone, but Dean went with classic apple and didn’t look back, sticking to his gut.
Dean didn’t say anything. But just the mention of Jack had him spiraling through enough emotions to make him drop the conversation altogether, back straightening.
There was a lightness in her step as she brushed past Sam and moved into the bathroom, her ponytail swishing back and forth. Sam turned to watch her leave, eyebrows raised.
“This sure doesn’t feel like handling it,” Dean mumbled, rubbing a knuckle into the corner of his eye. He stood up abruptly, raising his eyebrows at Sam. “I think I’m gonna go for a supply run. Need anything?”
“I don’t know, Cas! I didn’t mean to say anything, just forget it.” Dean clamped up and closed himself off just like that, jaw clenching bitterly.
Dean felt a jolt in his chest, happiness flooding in fast. It was easier without Cas there. That’s just the way it was. When Dean didn’t have the option to look up and meet Cas’s eyes after every interaction like this, jealous and petulant like a child— starving for a touch.
Dean would’ve found it endearing how Cas managed to look even more confused in that moment, but he was far too busy being disappointed.
“What’s there to talk about? He—” Dean pulled his feet off the chair and sighed, rubbing a hand over his eyes. “I didn’t expect it to take this long.”
“They’ve never stopped being a problem,” Cas scowled defeatedly, staring down at the floor, and Dean made a decision.
Dean ripped away the sheets and pulled him in close, their hands finding one another beneath the roiling heat of it all.
“Don’t mind him, he hit his head pretty hard,” Sam said helpfully, coming up beside them to squeeze Claire’s shoulder. “He could really use a nap before you try and start explaining Gen Z to him.”
“You—” Cas looked well and truly done with Dean, exasperated to a point that his smile had slipped into an irritable scowl. Dean smiled bigger. “You are the most insufferable human being I think I’ve ever—”
” Dean grabbed for his wrist, smiling all big and goofy and confusing Cas even more, his brow dipping further. “How many times do I have to say it? It’s okay.”
Dean laughed before he could help it, relaxing just enough to be able to guide himself down and sit on the bed without cracking apart.
And with the way Rowena breathed in, almost like she’d just been told something that meant a great deal, Sam figured she believed him.
Dean slammed the washing machine door shut, fixing Castiel an incredulous stare. He couldn’t respond for a minute, uncertain what to say. There wasn’t an explanation for having sentimental value for a fucking trench coat was there?
“Figures,” Dean grumbled, looking away. It was silent for a moment, Dean blinking languidly through the window, his thoughts going from liquid and slow to hot and painful. He said, “I wanna go home.”
At first, it registered slowly; like molten rock spilling into his ears, warming his core from the inside.
His throat clamped up when Dean did as he was told, laying all the way back to rest his head on Cas’s lap. Dean took a deep breath, coughed up a laugh that sounded more like choking than anything, and looked up at Cas to already find the angel staring down at him, his lips parted and waiting.
But the strength that would take was unimaginable. Dean wanted to kiss him, to make the stupid mistake of guiding Cas to his mouth and pressing him down against his car. He’d push Cas’s shirt up and find warm skin underneath, body sensitive enough to have him shivering just from Dean’s hands alone.
“Is this what every trip with you two is like?” Eileen asked skeptically, eyeing them both with a tilted smile.
But reality was much more daunting, as well as infuriatingly opposed to anything Dean managed to dream.
He knew it was. That voice, that presence, the very shape of Dean’s name on his lips bringing Dean enough comfort to close both laptops with a soft click. He turned the police scanner off, scooting his beer to the side.
“To what? To worry?” Dean demanded. Cas’s expression faltered, his firmness breaking away to make room for a pain that fled straight to his eyes, head tilting. Dean ached for him. “You just had a seizure and fell out of my car, Cas.”
Any other time and Dean would be flooding Cas’s phone with messages right now, telling him to hurry his ass up, teasing him for having wings and
“Cas,” His voice got caught somewhere along the way, crackling in his throat as he swallowed and breathed. He stared at a single patch of carpet in front of him. “I don’t know how this works anymore. I don’t even know if you can hear me but— if you can, you gotta know… I
If Cas wasn’t going to be around for it, if they didn’t figure this mess out— none of it would matter.
“I’m not eating Frosted Flakes. Your joke is irrelevant,” He said flatly, shoveling in another spoonful without pause. Slowly, Dean came to a stop in the middle of the kitchen, slippers and all.
A cry ripped through Castiel’s throat, so abrupt and pained that it shot his darkened voice into a higher pitch. He crumbled to his knees and grabbed at the door for balance, spine arching in a way that had Dean’s stomach screaming just as loud.
He rolled over in bed and laid there for a few long minutes, scrubbing a hand back through his hair. It felt like there was something tying him to the mattress, restricting him back against the headboard. He couldn’t move; didn’t dare to. Dean didn’t want to acknowledge any of it, but when he heard various noises start to wander in from the kitchen, he forced himself up and into a pair of jeans.
But somehow none of it seemed to matter now. If the Cas that loved him was gone, then who was this Cas supposed to be?
“You did everything you could. Why shouldn’t we be grateful to you?” Cas asked incredulously, his tone strained with hurt.
Another blow to Dean’s chest. Said so easily too, so matter of fact. Dean bowed his head in disbelief, warmth spreading up his spine again, tickling him with happiness.
“What I mean is, it feels unfair how easily you understand me when I barely even—” He cut himself short, contemplating. A beat went by, shaky and tension-ridden. Then, he blinked at Dean and blurted, “Tell me about yourself.”
“Well no shit I’m getting pie, but our focus is on you right now. You’re a pie virgin,” Dean froze, realization hitting him full force. He smacked his hand on the table, “Son of a bitch, you’re a pie virgin!”
“Well, we’re almost out, and I’m going on a supply run,” Dean thought the implication was plenty clear enough, but when Cas didn’t respond, his confusion loud even through speaker phone, Dean strapped himself in and said, “I… was thinking you could come with me? Only if you want to, obviously.”
Sam let out a bark of laughter he immediately regretted, pain slithering in fast. “Just a scratch actually,” He grimaced, clearing his throat.
“It’s one of your brother’s favorite movies,” Cas frowned. “I think he inadvertently sympathizes with Simba so much that he—”
Dean wishes he’d gotten to see more of Cas as a human the first go around, when he actually had the chance to enjoy it. But with Gadreel and the tablets and all the shit that came after, Dean had never stood a chance.
“That was then,” Castiel slowly turned the shard around in his palm, the edge of it catching a sliver of crisp white sunlight that pooled in from behind them, casting the room with straining black shadows. “The Empty might be happy its loudest guest is gone, but rumor is, it didn’t give you permission to leave, did it Castiel?”
Dean didn’t shave Cas’s face completely. That seemed like it would be an injustice, and so he did his best to leave a light layer of tinted scruff behind. Just enough to be able to put the razor down, brush over Cas’s cheek with the pad of his thumb and say:
It was Cas remembering a sunlit park at the back end of summer where he’d shown Dean for the first time that doubt, emotion— it was something he could feel to a devastating degree. That Dean was someone who could make him smile, soft and thoughtless like it didn’t pull at his seams and wreck his very mechanics.
Of course there was more. There was so much that the old Cas hadn’t known. Like how those x’s on their mixtape were supposed to be kisses, written in a rush of courage that had only lasted because he knew Cas wouldn’t understand what they meant. Or how Dean, even when Cas was an angel, used to do everything he could to get Cas drunk with him. Something about it comforted Dean. When Cas would actually get tipsy— well and truly swaying on his feet, smiling all lopsided and dorky, it made him look more human. Almost like he was capable of loving Dean back.
Nausea rose up in his stomach, pain sending his world teetering. There was too much color and too much black all at once, fighting behind his eyelids, crashing together again and again like a bat to the head— and Dean couldn’t think through all the hurt. Through all the agony— Dean couldn’t
By the time Dean got back, Sam had reappeared with fresh clothes and two angel blades, his mouth set in a hard line. He barely even looked as he passed one of them over, clearly just as thrilled as Dean for what lied ahead, and Dean gripped it tightly.
“He’s at the hospital as far as I know, being treated for some killer frostbite. There’s no telling how long he was out there, lying face first in the snow,” Lundy explained, giving both of them odd looks. He especially seemed to be studying Dean’s reactions, a crease in his forehead. “He was in too bad a shape for me and my boys to take him in immediately, so we’re having to wait til’ he gets discharged.”
He remembered that home, however buried, was swept somewhere between leather seats and the silhouettes of two men beaming through the shadows.
“I mean with the world the way it is, you could get out of the life if you really wanted to. Haul ass to California, or wherever the hell it is you wanna go now. Start a family, have a few flannel wearing rugrats with your stupid hair,” Dean shrugged, mustering up a smile. “It wouldn’t be the worst thing you ever did.”
“Look, I’m glad you’re feeling up for a case now. I am, but that’s just it,” Sam frowned, lowering his voice slightly, “
The three of them were just a few miles outside of Kansas when Dean’s phone rang again, forcing him to grunt awkwardly as he grabbed the wheel with one hand and reached into his back pocket.
Ilja joins him after half an hour. He holds out a piece of paper ”The addresses, please” He has a heavy accent.
When Dean wakes in the morning Castiel is already gone. He immediately spots his duffel on the floor and grabs some of his own clothing. Sighing in content at finally wearing a soft T-shirt and well worn jeans.
”On your back” It takes Dean a second to figure out the logistics of it but he ends up lying on the couch with his bent legs towards Castiel.
Balthazar doesn’t even pause before answering ”You’re Castiel’s plaything that he’s working way too hard to protect. Luckily for you I think that Castiel deserves nice things so I’m willing to help out”
Dean doesn’t think he can blush anymore than he already is. He closes his eyes and tries to pretend that he isn’t being watched. He licks the palm of his hand and then reaches down to grab his dick and slowly starts stroking, bringing himself to full hardness. He softly groans and uses his other hand to circle his nipple.
The light in the room is blinding and for a second Dean is about to ask to get the blindfold back on. His eyes slowly adjusts but as a very mush clothed Castiel comes into focus Dean is faced with the reality that he’s on his back, only wearing a collar and a buttplug. Castiel’s leer doesn’t help.
By pure accident Dean knows the code to the safe. He was in the office one time with Bobby and Dean has a habit of noticing things he probably shouldn’t. His mind works furiously but there’s a gun pushed into his side and he really would appreciate not getting shot.
Dean realises that if he’s going to refuse and bodily fight Castiel off it’s now but instead he takes a deep breath and lets Castiel repeat the procedure with his other arm. He kind of wants to see what’s going to happen, he just sincerely hopes that Castiel is worth the trust he’s placing in him.
”It’s you who haven’t given me any other clothes” Dean points out. He’s not about to be scolded for this ”Some overalls would be nice”
Castiel slaps Dean’s thigh ”Behave”. The slap is not hard enough to hurt for real but it definitely stings.
Dean is really hoping that this temping will be the thing that finally lands him a real job. It has been some long months with no stable income and he’s starting to worry that there won’t be money for Sam’s tuiton.
As Dean worked his way through disinfecting the cuts around Cas’s knees and trying not to swallow his tongue in the process, Cas stayed unnervingly quiet. His grunts of pain had slowly ebbed away, and the only indication to Dean that he was feeling anything at all were the sudden knots of tension appearing and disappearing around his thighs, carding down his calf muscles.
“Wait,” Castiel said suddenly, drawing Dean back by the arm. “You can’t tell Sam about what just happened.”
“I don’t know what you want me to say,” Sam muttered painfully, brows knitted together. “Jack’s still off the radar.”
“Nothing’s open right now,” Sam smiled, glancing back at Dean through the rear view, pleasantly amused. “Unless you want one of my granola bars back at the motel, you’re gonna have to wait until morning.”
All he could do was stare at Cas in complete shock, eyes searching frantically for a sign, some indication that Cas wasn’t serious, but there was nothing. Cas stared back, blinking through tears, and there was
Things had gotten complicated, there was no denying that. But he wanted to get past it already, to have Jack here— helpful or not, and just
Dean didn’t quite know how to articulate twelve years of friendship into a single answer. Twelve years of sleepless nights waiting for his damn phone to ring, for his worry to be lifted when he’d finally hear Cas making his way down the bunker stairs or shuffling into the motel room smelling like damp grass and distant rain.
” She exhaled gently through her nose, feigning boredom and failing miserably. Sam wished he could see her more than anything. “
It was odd seeing him like this. Acting so righteous but looking so human, features screwed into this familiar look of angelic wraith that didn’t match the wiry beard he’d grown or the rumbled state of his clothes. None of it made any sense.
Dean thought that if this was really Cas, this was the kind of moment that he’d touch Dean's shoulder in that comforting way of his. Fingers stretching to encompass the bulk of Dean, always the left— never the right, almost as if searching for a brand that had since passed long ago, ever since the beginning. For years that had been the only form of touch between them that Dean could depend on. Now it only served to be a torment.
“You’re not thinkin’ straight, man,” Dean interrupted, refusing to believe what he was hearing. “You’re not— you don’t mean that. You don’t seriously think—”
The message bubble vanished. A second ticked by, heavy in its passing, before it appeared again, stealing the air right from Dean’s lungs.
Cas, seems different?” Sam went on, ignoring Dean completely. He sat up with a grunt, swiping a hand over his face, and stretched towards Dean with an open palm.
A force stopped him before he could get there. A steady hand fell across his chest, holding Dean back. “Wait, just— wait a second, Dean.”
alright? I don’t know anything,” Dean said, softer this time, exhaling slowly. He ran an anxious hand over Miracle’s head. “Some days he’s fine. You know— he’s
Dean almost didn’t have an answer for him. He was so used to leaning away from these things, evading and ignoring the revelations that might as well be an alternative to pulling teeth for him. But then his eyes refocused, peering through the tears, and he managed to breathe through a shredded throat the very words he’d been burying inside of him since he was four years old.
Jack looked like anything but God at that moment. There was power in the way in which he breathed, deep and raged, sorrow filling in the cracks, but everything else was strikingly human. The shake in his hands was back, and the shine in his eyes was unmistakable.
“Of course not,” His gaze on Dean was practically soft enough to feel, featherlight and delicate even as it burned down Dean’s skin, traveling up his figure. “You know how much I enjoy your company. Our time together.”
Dean didn’t even have to study the disappointed edge of her features to understand exactly what she meant. It was unsettling, to say the least. Trying to see Chuck in every pull of skin and stretch of teeth, half expecting his voice to come out instead of Jack’s, his essence boiling beneath borrowed skin.
The hand that came up to cradle the back of Dean’s head was what did him in, the comfort in it overwhelming.
Dean wondered what would happen if he told Sam the truth. Whether it would lessen his guilt or pile on more, take some of the pain or multiply it tenfold. He knew Sam would try and convince Dean it wasn’t his fault, but his words wouldn’t even begin to make a dent; Dean had never felt so much like poison.
He was annoyed at first, swearing under his breath as he fumbled for it blindly and stepped out of the Impala into a sheet of humid rain, but once he realized it was Cas he froze up, something similar to relief making his heart beat faster.
But now, left alone without a word from Jack or a single idea how to get Cas back, Dean’s vision was tunneling, and Sam didn’t even know where to begin.
Dean had to be careful. There was a line here somewhere, hidden in the sand. Cross it and the walls of Cas’s mind go crashing down around him, his life like a woven string attached. But watching Cas wade through his wars and stare past a blinding sun just to get a taste of what lied beyond was hollowing, a creature begging for the past.
Castiel’s eyes flew to Dean from across the room, responding so fluently that for a second he resembled the old Cas. The real Cas, the one that felt a million miles away, buried alive and kicking to get out.
His skin flared to life the second the words were out, quick and thoughtless, batted up into the air where it hung over them like a physical weight. Dean flicked his eyes over to Cas, fear catching his breath, and found that Castiel was already looking at him, gaze chipped and shaped into something unbearably gentle that made Dean feel as if he was suspended in time.
He kisses Dean on the cheek and then leaves with Dean lying limp on the car, thinking that safe sex is probably the most stupid hill to die on in all of this.
The water feels great on his body and he sighs in appreciation. Another thing that the water does, however, is to make the end of the buttplug heavy and while there’s no chance of it slipping out it does give a definite tug downwards. He’s also pretty sure that the water is going to stiffen the leather of the collar but he wasn’t about to ask to remove stuff twice.
”Give me your arm” Dean tries not to struggle as Castiel closes a cuff tightly around his wrist and his arm is being stretched away from his body. Castiel lets go and Dean realises that he’s been tied to something, probably the headboard.
”You know… he’s just trying to protect himself” Balthazar’s tone is more heartfelt than Dean has ever heard it ”In case you turn out to be a problem and we’ll have to shoot you”
”Yeah, too exposed. We are a lot of people who’s very passionate about Castiel not getting shot. He might not care about his own safety but he cares about fulfilling his responsibility to the rest of us. Can’t very well do that if he’s dead.” Balthazar sounds like he’s trying for a joking tone but his concern shines through.
And then there’s his ass. That’s also very nice. Castiel tips his head back, the water from his hair running down and making his skin glisten. Dean backs out, closes the door and presses the base of his hand to his hard dick before going to look for another bathroom.
It’s only after Castiel has gone that Dean gets to inspect his ass. The bruising is just starting but he can clearly make out that the paddle must have been engraved with Castiel’s name. The possessive bastard has literally left his name on Dean’s body. Instead of the anger that should accompany that realization Dean feels a satisfied thrill through his body. That almost makes up for him not being able to sit down without being brutally reminded of the paddling.
”I’m not doing anything that will scar” Castiel says, letting the missing sir slip. He’s probably saying it to reassure Dean but somehow it just makes the situation more alarming. Castiel sits down on the bed.
”I see” Castiel looks a lot more interested in the bee documentary than any human should be. He also looks rather tired.
Castiel’s hand on his face tightens ”When they what?” The calm steel has creeped back into his voice.
Castiel starts stroking Dean’s dick. He’s shushing him as Dean fights his touch. He’s held tight and his heart’s not really in the fight, it’s too late now anyway. He’ll mention it again later. Or not at all. It’s his last day there. Dean is breathing heavily ”Please…” he starts.
Balthazar leaves and then Dean is truly alone. He tells himself that he doesn’t have time for wallowing in self-pity. He was told to do as Balthazar said so he better learn some Russian.
He isn’t expecting it when Castiel swings it on him. It stings in all of the places it hits, the sensation overwhelming and burning but...
There’s a passing surprise on Castiel’s face and then the leering look is back ”Funny, you don’t seem to have particularly cared about what belongs to me”
”Stop asking so many questions, pchelka” Castiel kisses him sweetly before getting up. As he’s rummaging for clothes he replies anyway ”It was for homicide”
Dean does as he’s told, focusing on the silky feel and blocking out the way his dick twitches at Castiel’s groans. Castiel tips Dean’s head up with a finger, forcing him to look at his face. ”Do you want to touch yourself?” Castiel asks.
Castiel pulls his head back further ”So in the darkness of your own room, right before you come, the desire to be filled gets too much, is that it?”
”Very good” Castiel murmurs his approval as he’s still slowly stroking Dean’s dick until it hurts from the overstimulation. Dean whines, causing Castiel to laugh but he stops the movement nevertheless ”sorry baby”. Castiel tips Dean’s head back and kisses him softly on the lips. The angle is kind of awkward but Dean melts into the touch.
They’re eating lunch before Castiel brings up the topic again. Castiel is wearing his usual outfit and Dean is once again in a dress-shirt and pants. The food that magically appears must be made by one of the persons in Castiel’s employ but so far Dean hasn’t met anyone which is a bit strange considering how many there has to be. Castiel has been working the whole morning and Dean has been tinkering with the cars which was a great time. He has really missed that.
“Stop treating me like I’m an idiot!” Dean demanded, yelling through a shaky whisper. “It being Minnesota doesn’t explain why the temperature dropped out of nowhere, and it definitely doesn’t explain why multiple people saw some sort of glowing blue light.”
“Wait,” Sam inhaled, suddenly anxious. He gestured towards the closed door. “You think Cas is human?”
Gentle knocks on his bedroom door were met with silence. Conversation dwindled into mindless, brief stricken moments that were merely there to pass time, and Castiel strayed further and further from the library with each passing day, never seeking company, never seeking
He even finished his pie before Dean did, eating up every little crumb and piece of filling until his stomach ached and he leaned back in his seat with a groan.
Sam smiled, dimples and all, boots scuffing against the ground. He leaned forward, hands in his pockets, and his hair spilled over past his ears. In the sunlight, Dean could see the grey starting to creep it’s way towards his hairline, and it made something silly and warm dance its way through his chest.
Knew he was in love. Knew that Cas was all there was ever going to be for him, this vision of light personified that could name every bone in the human body but couldn’t do a damn thing about the state of his hair. This complete tsunami of a being whose ideal way of spending a weekend was staying right by Dean’s side, simply being in his presence.
The grand reveal finally happened! Did any of you guess it right? So much happened in this chapter, and I got to write so many scenes that I desperately wanted to see in the show, especially that Sam and Dean talk about the future. It needed to happen, so fuck it- it DID happen. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did.
“I wasn’t myself when I hurt you, Dean. There's still so much I haven't told you.” Castiel admitted, catching Dean’s gaze and dissecting it instantly, meeting it with a brush of reassurance.
He missed the way he used to take moments just to feel sunlight creep up the skin of his borrowed fingers, eyes closing in a drifting haze every time he rolled down the Impala’s windows on a dreadfully hot day. He missed how peaceful Cas used to look in the same spot he was now, always the most at ease by Dean’s side, either berating him worryingly or loving him senselessly.
“And you did what you did to stay alive. Just like you always have, just like we all do,” Dean said, and Cas seemed to understand what that meant.
“I’m with you on that one, buddy,” Dean laughed tightly, their shoulders bumping. “It’s a lot, and that’s coming from a guy who's had thirty four years to get used to it.”
He gave Sam the jar of lamb's blood, handing it over without looking at him, and Sam moved quickly, unscrewing the lid to pour a generous amount into the bowl on the table. The red pooled in around shards of bone and crystal Dean didn’t recognize, and he peered into the bowl with his breath held, the smell of salt and vinegar making his nose itch.
to talk about it!” Dean finally shouted, grabbing a beer and watching in confusion as it slipped right between his fingers, the sound of it shattering across the kitchen floor tugging at something in Dean’s chest.
“Small talk ain’t really your thing, buddy, but I’ll bite,” Dean straightened up, smiling to himself as he grounded out, “I’m doing fine Cas, how bout’ you?”
“Just like with any angel who chooses to fall, Cas should still have a connection with his grace. A piece of it left behind,” Jack explained. The sleeves of his white-denim jacket were folded over the curve of his hands, just a little too big for him, and his fingers flocked to them for comfort, pulling and twisting every which way. “If I can tap into that source, I might be able to pull Cas’s grace out of the Empty and transfer it right back into him.”
Within seconds of hearing Dean’s words, the tremor in Castiel’s body suddenly slowed, stilling in the silence. Dean murmured, “Are you—”
Tearing away from Cas and standing up hurt like a physical blow, but Dean’s panic was all-encompassing, whipping through him at a speed that was almost jarring.
“Dude,” Sam interrupted, throwing his hands out to steady the bar. “Would you please try and shut off the whole protective thing for five minutes? You’re gonna hurt yourself.”
The same waitress from before came rounding the corner just a few minutes after Dean had tucked his phone away. She gave him one look, a quiet huff, and slid a single paper sack his way.
“Yeah, you were kind of like a kid in that way. Your food palate sucked ass,” Dean recalled delightedly, forcing the thought away with a shaky grin. He laughed as they made their way into the aisle stocked full of bread, eyes mirthful and bright where he turned to Cas and continued. “You— you were picky too. It always had to be made with grape jelly, never jam,” Castiel smiled at this. “I think it might have been a consistency thing? I don’t know— but it was fucking annoying, and you liked pork rinds too.”
Dean tried to come up with the words he wanted to say. Something comforting maybe, a stupid joke— anything to keep reality at a distance, but his heart was aching far too painfully to speak, and with every button came a greater weight. With every stretch of skin came a punch of desire, a wave of breathless need, but by the time Dean had reached the bottom of his shirt and Cas was turning for him against a lamplight glow, all of it was gone.
And Dean managed to get nothing of a reply out before Cas was leaning forward and kissing him soundlessly.
It shouldn’t bother Dean, but there was a certain expectation now. A fake reality that had been bestowed upon him; a belief that once that door closed, once the dust settled and the lights dimmed, things between them could be as simple as holding each other in the dark.
He returned the wallet back to his pocket and stared at the top of Castiel’s head, suddenly missing the way Cas used to look at him non stop, always so heavy and adoring. Dean could hardly believe there used to be a time where he couldn’t stand it.
Dean listened as Cas hung up, heart sinking. He stood there for a few seconds, shifting idly, until eventually he pocketed his phone with a sigh and walked the rest of the way to Sam’s room.
Pain flared up bright and hot in his legs and around the rim of his head, blinding him as his vision sparked. His gun clattered to the ground in front of him, the weight of it in Dean’s hands feeling all wrong— and when had that happened? When had he forgotten how to do this?
“Do you remember where the garage is?” Dean asked, clearly bothered. “Sam should have shown you when he gave you the tour of the place.”
Dean forced the heat in his lungs to settle, eyes lowering. He could barely look at the kid. “What news?”
It didn’t take them long to find a diner somewhere deep in the Colorado mountains, the green neon sign flashing
Dean couldn’t remember. He couldn’t remember whether he was supposed to remember, and this wasn’t right. None of this was right, he wasn’t supposed to be here. Hadn’t he made that clear? He didn’t want to fight anymore, he didn’t want to live like this— he didn’t want to
And it was more than regret that came pouring out of his voice. Attached was the kind of soul-rooted exhaustion that had always had a hold on Dean one way or another, and he felt it soften him greatly, forcing that pinch of hurt away.
It was hard, being vulnerable with Cas. But it was easy too. Easy in the sense that in the past Dean hadn’t had a choice. Cas had seen his soul since the beginning, understood the brokenness held inside, and he’d stayed. He was one of the few who had seen Dean for who he was, and
Dean watched a shadow reach for him, and felt careful hands frame his jaw. Cas smiled at him, a flash of shocking white in the brittle dark, but with it came a silent tremor. A saddened curl to the shape of his bottom lip, and his eyes, which still crinkled no matter how he smiled, were just as mournful as they were fond.
Their eyes met, soft and meaningful, lingering in that god awful way it nearly always did. They were standing too close. That much was obvious, their chests nearly brushing, Dean’s boots just a breath away from Cas’s dress shoes.
Starting from the bottom of Cas’s heel and working his way down, Dean managed to sew up two nasty cuts before speaking again.
We're back! This update took a little longer, so I do apologize, but I'm happy to say this chapter is longer than any of the previous ones, so buckle up. I'll get more into why I was busy in the endnotes, but for now please enjoy the chapter!
Because that was all Dean ever worried about anymore. Jody and Donna and the girls, the Charlie that felt far away and the Bobby that was so similar to the man he’d watched die in a hospital bed that it fucking hurt— he cared about all of them, and he needed them safe. But the secret was out, Claire knew, and Dean once again found himself scrambling for a way to help.
Dean took Cas by the hand before they could reach his room, pulling him along, grabbing him close. They moved further away from Sam’s room and stumbled into one of the bathroom’s, the light above the mirror flickering on just as Dean kicked the door closed.
It’s almost endearing how fast Castiel's anger faded. Dean could see it leave his eyes, melt off his skin, easy in a way Dean didn’t think it could be. That was new. That was
Thank you all so much for your patience and your sweet comments, they really mean the world to me and make writing feel that much more fulfilling! A lot goes down in this chapter, and there are some possible warnings that I want you all to glance at before reading just to be safe. There's actually some fluff to balance out all the angst this time, so stick with me and please enjoy the chapter!
“I just need some air.” Was all Sam said, no quick retort, no flustered laugh, and it only took an instant for Dean to feel his gut twist with apprehension.
On the inside, Dean was on fire. Rightfully so. But on the outside, all he let escape was a single breath, a flash of relief that didn’t even begin to cover it.
Dean staggered out of the way with a chortled laugh, moving to get back to the counter where he’d left a half-made sandwich unattended. Miracle followed Dean thoughtlessly, happy and oblivious, tail sweeping through the air.
“Buddy,” Dean laughed, surprising himself at just how genuine he sounded. He crouched down to look into the supply cabinet at the back of the room, speaking louder to make sure Cas could hear. “You look like you went twelve rounds with a brick wall and lost.”
Dean stopped, purposely letting his boots scrape against the hardwood in a way that always made Sam bitch.
“I’ll be damned,” Dean breathed, swelling with warmth. “That’s great, Sammy. Great for you, I mean. Eileen not so much, but—”
“Here you go, darlin’,” She smiled, and Dean grabbed the burgers with two hands, careful of their weight.
“It’s been ages, man. Let’s get back out there. Get you some monster to gank,” Sam continued, grabbing Dean by the shoulder now, moving up to pat him on the face.
The chief made a face before he could help it, eyes mirthful. “The FBI cares about some Ancient Aliens bullcrap?”
it all really was. The furrow in his brows, the part in his lips and crease in his forehead, all of it connecting to this deep-voiced sense of humor that might fall flat for others, but to Dean made more sense than anything.
It’s the kind of admission that Dean would have rather died than speak aloud just a handful of years ago. It was truthful and
“Help, yeah, I got it,” Dean said sharply, and he moved before the flame in his gut could get any worse, stalking out of the infirmary.
“He stopped breathing, Sammy,” Dean rambled, shaking his head frantically as Sam drew a hand over Cas’s mouth. “He’s not— he’s not fucking breathing.”
Dean clamped a hand around Castiel’s shoulder and started guiding him to the front of the store, searching for an open register.
Sam struggled to think that far back, his memory growing worse and worse over the last few weeks. Everything had come to a jolting stand still after Eileen had vanished, and then after, with Dean the way that he was with Cas gone, Sam could barely even remember what the past year had been like. It all blurred and greyed into a mountainous feeling of fear, thick enough to erase any moments that didn’t involve Chuck and Jack and the burning scent of pine trees and lake water as he and Dean fought until their bodies collapsed, their blood mixing brown into the uneven sand.
He couldn’t even begin to describe how weird this was. Dean rarely got to see Cas without his suit jacket on, just the sight of forearms was a daring feat— and now Dean was eye to eye with his legs, the skin starkly pale compared to the rest of him.
Sam’s shocked expression was hidden in the dark, but his voice came out stiff when he muttered back, “Don’t mention it.”
“Just for the record, uh,” Dean hesitated, throat closing. He fumbled with the keys in his lap. “I don’t care. About your face I mean,” Castiel turned to him in the drifting light, head tilting fondly. “It doesn’t matter, okay? Not to me.”
Dean blinked up at him. He was only seconds away from mentioning how stupid Sam’s face looked upside down when he said, “Exactly.”
“Cas, there’s someone on their way to see you,” Dean said, and the look Cas gave him was close to terrifying. “Sammy called her. She’s… she’s the plan.”
“That’s not it,” Dean said. “You’ve always been the one I’ve talked to about the shit that makes me uncomfortable.”
He thought about Charlie and Stevie and their sunlit apartment in Oregon, where they had been spending the last week issuing adoption papers for a little black boy with the kind of smile that made your chest melt into pure gold. He thought about Jesse and Cesar in New Mexico, together and retired on a horse plowed farm with apple trees lining the driveway, truly at peace, achieving the impossible.
If there was any sure sign that Cas was fully human now, it was that he slept and ate like nobody’s business.
“Sam?” He called into the dark. His ankles were caked in mud, rainwater dripping into his eyes and ears, coating him darkly. Dean tried again, “Sammy!”
“Hey,” Sam was in front of Dean then, him and his Gigantor legs bending down to look at Dean from over the top of Miracle’s head. “How about you and I take off for a few days, huh? Find a hunt somewhere close, get some air.”
“You snore like a son of a bitch,” He joked, making a real show of it all, laughter rocking him forward. He shielded his eyes away from where Cas continued to stare at him, unmoving.
He’d started talking without thinking first. That was never good when it came to Cas, and now Dean was paying the price. He felt his own feet stutter for a second, ears growing warm even while looking straight down at the pavement, hands hidden in his pockets.
But even that had been too much, not enough, Cas slipping out from under Dean with his shoulder flared alive and his heart gone entirely, blown apart without a purpose.
” Jack said, emotion shooting fire-like gold through the rim of his eyes, and with him came a surge of energy so strong it sent Sam’s gun flying off the table.
It was hard to imagine that years ago, when Dean had asked Cas to give up his top spot in the clouds, to choose free will for the first and last time and fall with the rest of them, that this was where they’d end up. Cas freshly human without a single idea of the creature he’d once been, how much power he’d given up for a single man he believed in more than destiny, a man that he’d even grown to love.
“My head’s killing me and I'm on the verge of blowing chunks,” Dean answered honestly, smiling at the deepened laugh he got in return. “You?”
Dean clenched his jaw and listened for the tick, teeth aching as he bit back the tremor he felt trying to creep into his mouth and chin.
He watched silently as Cas staggered out of the car all on his own, following Dean without question. He looked over at Dean for a reaction, eyes hesitant, and Dean felt a curl in his stomach, a swarm of happiness that in turn made him force his expression into something cold as he passed Castiel and headed into the store.
Afraid of the way his hands felt like they were burning alive. Afraid of how little he knew but how old he felt, and how walking out into the middle of the road with bare feet and aching shoulder blades was the first memory he could even begin to place.
