8: Broach subject of last name - Watson Holmes?
Sherlock’s face was streaked with tear tracks, and John could feel the warm wetness of his own begin to fall. “I love you.” Sherlock sniffled and John had to kiss him. Had to show him just how much he loved him back, how desperately he was loved.
"Excuse me." John thundered in that quiet manner of his that stunned most every one of those torpid women to silence. "I, to begin with, am not a piece of meat to be paid for. I'm not an escort or whatever it is that you're insinuating I am." He took a deep breath in and held out his hand for Cordelia to shake, which she warily did. "The name is Captain John Watson of the fifth Northumberland fusiliers and you would do well to remember it. I'm Sherlock's fiancé. Would you like to dance love?" John asked with a smile and Sherlock took his arm and steered them both away. "Have I told you that I love you?" Sherlock beamed down at him, noting the terrified squeaks from the ladies at their back as one mentioned the fact that John could probably kill them all with his bare hands."You might have mentioned it a few times now yeah."
like, it was one area where John would be the expert.
Sherlock thought to himself as sleep overtook him.
His mind was stagnating in his skull even now, there was no John to occupy his every thought, no case to satisfy his hunger. The lights in 221 Baker street had not been turned on for six days now. Darkness seemed apt, it was supposed to numb him, dull his senses until he couldn't lie to himself about the only real solution. Seven years sober. He had promised himself, Mycroft, Lestrade, John never to go back. Yet the resolve was fading, crumbling more with each passing minute. They would be so disappointed. Just like every one always was, Mummy about his wasted talents, Mycroft about his lack of interest, Lestrade at his calculating ways, John at his occasional cutting comments. Sherlock was one massive disappointment, adding one more item to the long list would not matter. No one would be there to chastise him anyway, they wouldn't find out. There were at least three trustworthy dealers in the direct vicinity, and even with Mycroft's eyes Sherlock could hide. He was never found if he didn't want to be.
Sherlock slowed his pace significantly as they ascended the stairs to ensure John leaned against him adequately, it was unlikely that he would be in a position to support his own weight for much longer. Statistically speaking if John were to fall Sherlock would have a 45% chance of catching him without causing injuries to either of them. It would be better not to let that happen he decided as they finally reached the last few steps. "John if you're about to lose consciousness I should be made aware" John hummed "Right well I eh blacking out" John garbled out as he toppled over, blue and purple lights exploding in the sea of black behind his eyes. Sherlock reacted as fast as he ever had and managed to grab John before he hit the floor. "Carrying it is then" he muttered. After all John was not awake to feel undignified. Sherlock picked him up and carried him bridal style to his own room, it had become theirs anyway. John opened an eye and looked around. The world looked very different than it had a few minutes ago. "Are you... Carrying me?" Sherlock grinned "Not for much longer. I'm putting you to bed." John sighed and nestled into Sherlock and his coat. "Might as well enjoy it so." As Sherlock placed him gently between the sheets John locked his hands into the lapels of Sherlock's coat. "Stay, you need sleep, I need sleep, want company" John added from his place in the pillows. Sherlock rolled his eyes and yet began taking off his shoes and outer layers.
“Just as I thought. I said, you had a call and since you weren’t answering, I answered it for you.” She paused when he let out a great sigh but then continued. “It was that Professor Gregson. He says to remind you, you have a new student coming in today. I wrote it all down here, in case you forget. He’s due round after Miss Riser, I believe.”
With that he was gone, racing out of the room and away at full pelt and John, in his utter shock, was too late to really follow him, losing the man down the twisting corridors  like a ghost that was never there to begin with.
"There are two things about this whole scenario I cannot seem to wrap my head around. The first being that you did not ask for my assistance because quite frankly you would have finished much faster if you had and the second, foolish though it is, is that you couldn't spare the time to let John Watson know you were alive, because he is not, not really. Hasn't been since your little stunt actually. Left Baker street, holed up for three weeks, reappeared a grey little man with nothing to lose and nothing to take. Introverted, only meets his sister, whom he detests, because her wife, a Clara Oswald, died soon after you in childbirth and they can empathise with each other. I cannot say I possess any strong feelings in favour of Dr Watson, but even I am left with nothing when I try to figure out how on Earth you would do this to him. Keeping him safe is an excuse that worked for maybe a year. He has been safe for at least two. You know it, I know it. That begs the question why you hid yourself for so long, if not for fear of how he would react? Ah. So that's it then." Mycroft sipped his whiskey. Was he pleased to see Sherlock? Of course. The guilt of feeding Moriarty the information that led to his death had been consuming him and now that Sherlock was alive he could let that go. At least it was something. Sherlock bowed his head. "Fear. How very plebeian of me I know. It was not a choice I wanted to face and in ignoring it, I chose to leave John in the dark. It is not something I am proud of Mycroft." A snort caused him to look up and he suddenly found himself buried in a three piece suit with Mycroft's arms around him. They had not hugged since infancy. Sherlock wrapped his arms around Mycroft in return, feeling as soothed as he had the last time they had hugged, which was when he was three. "I am glad that you're back Sherlock. It was quite dull on my cctv without you around. Now go to John, he's in that awful bedsit on bakers walk. I wouldn't worry too much, he is still smitten with you." An awkward pat on the back and Sherlock was up and running out the door and down the road because he was Sherlock Holmes and he refused to be afraid.
Smirking at John he closed the small distance between them and pressed his lips softly against John's. As always John was very responsive, and he almost made Sherlock forget what they were doing with his very skilled ministrations. "Sinners! The two of you are headed straight to hell! You'll burn for eternity for your actions!" The man had very nearly pulled them apart, his eyes bulging with indignation. John was blushing slightly, but Sherlock turned quickly and stared at the man. "Father, just the man I wanted to see. How strange of you to be so vocal, after all you participated in a much more ungodly act a mere thirty minutes ago and you're about to become a repeat offender." Sherlock wanted to gag. He could see everything on the man and it disgusted him. Keeping up the façade was difficult, but ordinary idiots didn't deserve to know that he had feelings.
The rest of the team lined the benches against the walls of the changing room, waiting for the verdict of the Coach. In general Lestrade punished in two ways: The whole team or one individual. In truth even if only a couple of the lads were punished it still affected the entire lot, they were all good mates and one being down brought the rest down too. Still, everyone sat up straighter when the noise of eight sets of feet began their journey down the corridor. John quickly looked at the guys faces and knew it was a team punishment, they looked genuinely apologetic, indignation would have been somewhere in their eyes if they'd been suspended. "Right." The Coach began, eyeballing the gathered teens with irritation flashing across his face. "These three idiots thought it would be funny to interrupt the lessons of our friendly neighbours at Lobelia Academy of Dance yesterday. Now the principal Ms. Adler offered a deal of sorts, and it was that she wouldn't press charges for the trespassing if you all, that's every one of you, goes to the school during training time and makes an effort, a proper good fist of dancing. I'm going to leave the decision to your captain, because I personally think a run in with the police might knock some sense into these three, but maybe you don't share the sentiment. So. Watson, what will it be?"
The airport was busy, families carting sleeping children towards a universal studios shuttle bus and business people barking orders down phones, all fighting back yawns as the clock rolled on towards midnight. The hustle and bustle was familiar yet grating, and some actual quiet would be a joy if he could find it. Sherlock weaved his way through crowds of people until they began to thin out and eventually he was left standing in front of a gate with just one. The man was seated strategically, in front of the plugs but with his face towards the entrance, allowing him to see anyone who might happen past when they were still metres away. Military it was then, Sherlock smiled to himself as his picture of this man began to fall into place. It was interrupted by a subtly sarcastic British accent coming from the man himself.
“Yes, technically, you do,” he insisted.
“Quit it,” she breathlessly whispered, contrarily tilting her head for better access. “You’re going to undo all the hard work I just did.”
“Oh?” John licked his lips, tasting Sherlock there. “So when I was chatting you up that first night, and you were explaining that you didn’t do relationships-”
John giggled. “I think you’re thinking of parlor games.”
“-this cane and said you’d told him make sure it was safe, so I kept it until-“
“Oh, hush. If somebody hadn’t woke me up and practically cried until I showed up-”
He blinked at the roadway. “What the hell am I supposed to do with that?”
"Very Sherlock," John snapped. "Christ."
“Care to venture a guess, Mr. Watson?” Gregson’s voice boomed over the class.
The reasonable explanation cooled Sherlock’s excitement somewhat. Of course John was just looking out for the injured; he was to become a doctor after all. It wasn’t for personal reasons. Feeling suddenly dejected, he was about to make his excuses- Mrs. Hudson could scrub it with alcohol when he got home- when John continued.
His jaw is starting to ache already, it’s been too long since he’s had any practice, so he pulls off and lets his hand take over for a second.
As Sherlock stood from the table, John noted Greg made to stand as well, but Molly put a hand to his arm and shook her head. He sat back down and they put their heads back together, as if conspiring. Conspiring towards what, John had no idea, but it seemed likely to end in John's embarrassment.
John received an indirect sneer, the knob of Sherlock’s microscope was twisted roughly, but Sherlock didn’t reply, just continued to stare into his eyepiece. It was a bit like seeing a dog who’d got into the rubbish bin stick his head under the sofa, and John reminded himself that he was dealing with an emotionally stunted man-child with a over inflated case of self-importance - a fine line to walk when dealing with serious, emotional topics such as these.
“John, come in here and look at this,” Sherlock called out.
Sherlock glanced up from his mug and John immediately looked down at his own. As soon as John’s lips brushed the rim to take a sip he hissed. Forgotten pain stung his bottom lip; apparently Sherlock
Sherlock’s answering grin lights a fuse in John’s stomach. He really needs to get control of that, before he does something irreparable, like lean in and snog the man senseless. He doesn’t even know if Sherlock is single, let alone if he likes blokes. He could come out and ask but, from experience, John knows that can backfire. Is it even possible to be subtle with Sherlock? He very much doubts it.
John perked up at this, not obviously, but his heart rate increased, his chest puffed out just a little bit more.
“I’ll get some ice.” John flew from his seat, knowing at the very least they had ice now.
The noise of the room was getting to John. The bass from the stereo seemed to be churning the liquid in his stomach into a giant tidal wave of promised revenge. He slapped a hand out at Mike and grumbled, “I need somewhere to chill out.”
"Clara," he hedges, uncomfortable being in the position so often a source of pain for him. "Are you and Bea?"
“Did you picture it happening like this?” Sherlock asked, nuzzling John’s cheek with his nose, moving to sniff and lick at his neck. It should have been weird but it wasn’t, it was Sherlock.
“I count it as a plus, really,” he replied with a moan. He started undoing the buttons on his shirt, all the while staring John down like a freight train. “Now, what was all that about us becoming something more than fine?”
“I’m sorry, John,” Sherlock managed, voice still a bit shaky.
Janine motioned for them to move into the adjacent room. "C'mon everyone, let's take this away from prying eyes."
John flinched and attempted to keep walking but Scarlett tugged on his arm, nearly sloshing his cocoa over his glove.
“I- Um,” John stammered, unable to collect a rational response.
“Leaving the flat, walking to the corner shop for more cough suppressant, texting Lestrade, being asked onto a real case. After that…” He rubbed at his wrist. “Not a lot.”
Sherlock tilted his head slightly, his body rolling to follow, and he studied John like he would a mold spore under a microscope. John willed away any treacherous blood thinking to redden his face.
“John, I-“
Mycroft’s smirk said he was about to volley his next shot and was fairly preening with confidence.
"I'm going to murder him," John whispered to Mary. "If I get up you have to stop me."
“More drunk,” Sherlock corrected, letting a smile slip when John told him to piss off. It was meant in jest, obvious when John flopped down next to him on the sofa. Sherlock pulled his feet in a bit more so as not to allow them to touch.
He relented with a wan smile and she squealed, pulling him to the booth, in excitement.
He looked up to find John red faced with his eyes squeezed shut.
Sherlock didn't actual believe John would stay, it was too good to be true. Perhaps it was...
do. Conflicting.
"Save it. We all knew it was coming. I thought it would happen during the stag do honestly but." She shrugged.
“Oh.” Mrs. Hudson breathed softly. “Ohh.” She looked down at the drawings like he’d sketched a basket of puppies.
“You’d think you’d learn to trust me on these things.”
"Mmm, rockets. You know what military talk does to me, don't you dare. I'm having a wonderful time, I'd like it to last."
“You fucking coward!” John snatched the crystal tumbler from the table and hurled it against the far wall. Expensive fucking thing didn’t even break, which only egged John further into his anger. “Just once-”
Sherlock wordlessly eyed him as he crawled up into the man’s lap, settling there. They looked at each other, both breathing hard, sweating profusely, and flushed from hairline to toes, and finally smiled.
“Come, John. I have the torch,” he said by way of validating Lestrade’s command.
She gave a small nod and their conviction solidified.
It didn’t matter, it was too late to speculate.
his responsibilities. They weren’t! But he knew himself well enough to know he would worry constantly. It would be a never ending battle, lying awake at night, wondering if Sherlock was shooting up or snorting or running off with some nameless, faceless drug dealer. Or worse, one named
The last of the lights in the yard were switched off and all the employees gone home. Standing alone in her bathroom, staring at her reflection, Sally opened the black ring box again. She asked herself if she truly believed that she would ever experience that moment when you realise the person you love is about to ask you to marry them. The honest answer, right now at least, was no. Her tryst with Jim wouldn't end in a proposal, it was one of the few topics he was vocal about. He was adamant that his proposal was the worst mistake of his life, one he would never make again. There were two reasons for that: his feelings towards marriage in general and his cowardice. He was not going to divorce his wife for Sally and they both knew it, even if he said that Sally was the one he preferred of the two. Sally couldn't help but feel empty at the thought that her relationship was a complete secret, and would be until the whole thing crashed and burned around her. The ring glinted at her, mocking her.
fruit juicer and make your own protein shakes at home. God knows what you put in those things anyway,” John laughed, smacking the other hard on the back and pulling away, and just as he was about to turn back to face his circle of colleagues, John spotted a very familiar face hovering in the corridor just outside the lounge.
Which was probably why John almost leapt out of his skin when he spoke.
Quietly, so soft Sherlock might have missed it if they weren't standing toe to toe, came, "Call me a coward again. I dare you." He stood his ground, the stance of a military man, but just behind his eyes Sherlock saw John's hesitation.  He knew. He knew what Sherlock was accusing him of and
Sherlock frowned again, this time in clear confusion.
John lost the little bit of restraint he had left and stomped after him. “Why does any of this matter? What do you care that I didn’t come clean before? It’s not like everyone knew but you. I don’t exactly like to advertise it. Harry knows because we were two queer kids in a religious house growing up, that’s it. You’re not
"Did Olivia talk?" John asked as they slid into the backseat.
“Because, apparently, I need a keeper,” he responded casually.
They walked toward the door and Sherlock stopped for a brief second to dab at the cut in his reflection. It stung but not badly enough to discourage using the small gift. He felt vaguely as if he’d prefer John to have cleaned it for him, as if by right it
“Just now,” Sherlock waves his hand in front of John’s face, “you were miles away.”
“How lovely. A noble soul as well. You are a wonder.”
John, slowly, slid further on top, draping himself lightly over Sherlock’s frame. So close he could feel the heat from John's body but not nearly close enough. Sherlock attempted to drive this point home by canting his hips forward, to no avail, meeting nothing but air.
But it was. No matter how long John stood there blinking at the sofa, his girlfriend was still going for the gold in the Snog Olympics with her ‘just good friend’ David Hodges. They hadn’t heard his entrance, not with the absolutely terrible snog music playing on full blast on her stereo. It should have been obvious, John standing there in her doorway, but that's how wrapped up in each other they were.
John pulled Laila closer and fell back into the bed with her. She didn't protest, she simply kicked her shoes off, tugged her coat off, and pulled the blanket over their heads.
Without prompting, John shoved the door open with his shoulder and tip-toed inside, laden with a tray of Mrs. Hudson’s, though Sherlock doubted she was aware of its absence as she didn’t bustle in behind John. It hosted two mugs of steaming tea and a plate of dry toast, honey and jam both beside.
He nodded with wide, innocent eyes. “It was, until you ruined it. Are you going to make it up to me or not?”
They stared at each other, both waiting for someone to break. John looked away first but only to glance down at the notebook still tucked under Sherlock’s arm, then slowly over at the sofa. Sherlock could see him piecing the clues together.
“Agreed. It seems they’ve spotted my car.”
The roommate scowled. “I know the Beatles,” she snapped at what she must have perceived as condescension. John held his hands up contritely. Sherlock felt a bit left out, but didn’t remark. He knew the band but not the song; best not to let that out.
“Yes it does,” he agreed, “but I’ve seen her internet history. She was researching Columbian cartel hierarchy. And I happen to know heroin is making a comeback around town, mainly through the El Champo cartel. I believe she found evidence of a supplier on campus and decided to do a little undercover investigating of her own. The boyfriend is most likely innocent but whether or not he was involved, he’s to be the patsy for the cartel making an example of her. If we’re lucky they haven’t disfigured her-“
think Sherlock had a secret girlfriend tucked away somewhere?
“Of course,” he agreed with a smile. The Ferris wheel was fairly innocuous as far as rides went. Anything quicker might aggravate his shoulder and leg.
“Good.” He grinned. “Maybe I’ll see you around here again?”
“Yes, of course. Are you all right? I called out when I got in but you must not have heard. Why are you up here?”
“That I love you,” he whispered back, the exhalation barely heavy enough to warm the sheet pressed against his cheek. He’d have been worried at the confession, if all of it weren’t a dream.
“You really did a number on him, didn’t you?”
Everyone, including John and the man he’d been subtly chatting up when Sherlock had heard John correct the man’s assumption, had gone silent and just stared.
Mary quirked an eyebrow at her but then shrugged. "Maybe a smidge. I'm finding the champagne lacking."
sister. Only I can call her a bitch. And she is, a bitch that is. Crazy as well, I don’t mind saying. I don’t mind a bitchy woman, you know, but she’s crazy too. It’s a bad combination, crazy and bitchy. Trust me.”
Sherlock bent double to ghost his lips over John's. "
Speaking of the man, he crossed over to the driver’s side and got in the car with an angry huff.
“You-” John’s pulse raced, and for a moment he actually saw red.
Her eyes dip back down to the blog post briefly. "Well, here you've described Sherlock's voice as 'melted honey over broken glass' and here you say he...what was it? 'Sailed over the counter top with the grace of a dancer turned mad with vicious intent.' John, it's...no! It's good," she reaches out and clasps his forearm in comfort, "it's just more of that romantic prose you know he hates."
“When you kissed me, it reminded me of the first time I’d been stung by a bee as a child.”
, John mused. Served him right, jumping over that fence like a deer, only to slip in the rubbish and land on his back. He was far too graceful most of the time for John not to take a bit of satisfaction seeing him wheeze in the dirt, just a bit. He reminisced on the memory of his long legs in those tight black trousers, the way they fit against the curve of his ass as he moved...He sighed in longing, that was until he snapped out of his daze and remembered he was currently resting his forearm on said arse and he'd personally investigated said curvature of arse in great detail the last few weeks. He hummed contently to himself, a wicked self satisfied grin growing as he smoothed the antibacterial across the wound in Sherlock's back.
"I almost always am," he admits with a quirk of a smile. It does things to John's stomach that he's tried years to suppress. Without success.
And anyone who does doesn’t matter! Your heterosexuality is well established, can we stop the redundant corrections once and for all? You know, some people might actually find your vehement denials offensive, did you ever think of that? Hmm?”
“No, thank you,” he called back.
A growl escaped his throat and it shocked him enough to pull back. “Christ, look what you’ve got me doing,” he snapped in shock.
It says that hope of Sherlock’s survival hadn’t been the only hope lingering.
“I never expected you to maim yourself and ponder moving out,” Sherlock admitted, pulling John’s injured hand to his own chest. “Bravo. One for the books.”
“Had an awful day today. Dr. Brooke is out this week and she’s shifted a dozen of her worst patients onto me. Still angry about that incident at the café I assume. By rights you should be giving jabs and consoling the elderly since that was all your fault to begin with. Christ, Sherlock, you’ve got sugar all over the counter,” he snapped as he set his hand down in the grainy bits. He smacked his hands together over the sink and scowled at the mess. White trails of it all over faded lino as if he’d jammed a spoon in and flung it without care into his mug, which was precisely what had happened judging by the cold cup that sat at his flatmates elbow. “This is how we get ants you know. You could show a bit more care.” He did a poor job of sliding what he could into the sink but the mess was extensive; bits of it kept falling off the side of the counter onto the floor.
“No, I think I’ll pass on that, thanks.”
John’s initial reaction is anger and hurt; that Sherlock thinks so little of him. But then he sees the real motivation behind Sherlock’s words. He’s terrified. This has been Sherlock’s excuse these past few months, his reason for never broaching the subject as well. Fear of rejection.
Greg blusters at Sherlock, working himself up to a real fit, but John can't be bothered to lend a soothing voice to the argument. He’s too busy still fretting over the blog post. When Sherlock sees it, as he inevitably will, John is now doubly sure he’ll glean a lot more from it than just romanticized drivel pertaining to the case. Perhaps he shouldn't have made reference to the way the wind would catch in Sherlock's hair when he ran...
Eyes. Eyes were notoriously hard and he was years out of practice. Not that he’d forgotten the tips and tricks of making a symmetrical face but it was one thing to know it and another to recreate it with slightly trembling fingers. It was slowly coming together though, in the quiet of Baker Street, nothing but the kick of the ancient furnace and the occasional taxi gone by to keep him company. John was out, as was his wont when the odd friend invited him for drinks and football on the telly. Normal things that normal people did on a Saturday night. Something to balance out the irregularity of their usual activities he supposed.
He casually made his way into the kitchen and, once out of sight, fell against the wall and quickly unbuttoned and unzipped his trousers. It wouldn’t take much, no, not much at all.
John had wanted to strike up a conversation, casual teasing perhaps, maybe offer to share a cold drink on a park bench, but the man never acknowledges the strangeness of their running into each other. Never once makes so much as eye contact. The behavior seems closed off, not inviting in the least, so John continues to keep his distance every time they meet.
Before Mycroft could hang up John shouted, “Wait! He said he has a bolthole in Camden, a place you don’t know about. It’s where he went for Christmas. I don’t know if he’d go there now that I know about it but…”
“Huh. All right.” John’s mind seemed to settle on the most obvious reason, to him anyway. “Did you…uh…did you drop out?”
He comes to with Sherlock’s fingers still in his mouth, lazily petting his tongue, as if to say ‘Good job.’ He takes Sherlock’s wrist gently and pulls them away, kisses the tips of them reverently before settling their hands together on his chest.
“Well I’ll be here while you wait then.” He closes his eyes, sure Sherlock is following right behind him.
“Hello,” the man greeted, his voice doing John in completely. “Have a seat.”
Sherlock turned away from the computer, glancing briefly at the play history. Pink Floyd’s The Wall right at the top of the list.
John sat back against the sofa, deflated and drained. “She didn’t used to be like that,” he mumbled. He’d lost feeling in his lower jaw about four shots ago and his stomach was roiling in protest of the last one.
which is a particularly nasty alpha haemolysis found in wild rats with large quantities of sugar in their diets.”
Christ, his name sounded like something exotic when spoken with such a voice. Even if he was still being a dick.
Sherlock took it, giving it a quick once-over before swiftly pulling up the messaging application, his fingers flying over the keypad. He definitely has seen those scuff marks on the bottom of the phone before. “A gift from your brother, this.”
Wiping his eyes John held out his hand to Sherlock. "Nice to meet you Sherlock Holmes. Now tell me about this dance of yours."
The grounds of Holmes manor were filled with people pruning, sprucing, and generally perfecting the place for the wedding that was to be held there in less than two days time. The happy couple and any relatives that would need to stay in the house would arrive this afternoon and then tomorrow morning they'd be over run with guests for the event itself. The sun had begun beating down a few days earlier, which would be a blessing for the wedding but was a nightmare for the workers, most of whom were quietly dying in their uniforms, but wouldn't take them off even on pain of death. Still, chairs were being arranged in perfect lines, the ball room set up with tables and daintily written place cards, and silverware polished within an inch of it's life. The chef had only made three people cry, Christian, the Holmes tailor of choice, had insisted no one else see his 'masterpieces' until the ceremony and with he family arriving tomorrow there'd probably be a few anxiety attacks, and Sherlock had blatantly refused to have anything as ridiculous as a rehearsal so all in all things were going as expected in Orabelle's mind. With orders to Sebastian to call only if there was a matter that needed their attention (someone was dying or the florist couldn't get what they wanted) she sat in the second floor lounge with Martha, staring out the window at the scurry below. "This time tomorrow our boys will be out there" Martha smiled and Orabelle couldn't help but smile back.
He thinks absently that he might actually understand why John had made him watch that ridiculous animated film about the singing native Americans, because right at this moment he feels every heartbeat of the Earth like a drum in his soul and the beat is sounding John John John John John. He is weightless now, if he had the strength to he'd apologise but he's wrecked already, and John has barely even taken his clothes off.
“How may I help you, Mr…?” John began.
To say the sight that greeted him was surprising would be a lie. Somehow even after one brief not-quite-conversation with the man, John felt he knew him well enough to know that this was a regular occurrence for Sherlock;
A calloused hand shot out and clutched his elbow, twirling him back around within an inch of Greg's face. "I love you too." Greg murmured almost against Mycroft's lips, causing the British government to shiver just before their lips met. It was warm, a passionate caress of silken lips and tongues and Greg wished more than anything that he could preserve this feeling, this elation and hope because one day, who knew when, he would feel the all consuming loneliness that he'd felt that afternoon again, but if he could just bottle up this moment right here, he'd be happy everyday for the rest of his life.
"I will tell you I suppose, although I only know some of it. I cannot tell you how Sherlock felt, or how it began. All I know stems from a single night. It was Sherlock's first year in college and even at 16 he was more brilliant than all the professors combined. In later years he actually took on a lecturer, and proved him wrong in front of the entire student body. I'm told it was quite back then was... More open, he had little to fear and had not yet learned that others were to be feared. Especially if you have feelings for them. It was almost comical, watching Sherlock get banned from the single person room he had procured for setting it alight the fifth time. If you ever happen to be near Oxford, the Talula Hughes house? You can guess who payed for that. Anyhow, that is why Sherlock ended up meeting Sebastian in the first place. He was in his final year, and his roommate had recently killed himself so there was space. Sherlock refused adamantly but in the end he had little choice in the matter. He had to live with him for the final month. He was incredibly intelligent Sebastian, a psychopath. I was there that first day, the college had called me to convince him that education was more important than his single room. I had some people help move his things in. Sherlock was in a huff, but he had not yet met Sebastian. I could not stay so I simply told him to keep me updated. After I left I'm not sure what occurred up to a point. Sherlock never spoke of it. It was the last night of May..."
He began looking forward to crashing into him backstage during shows, catching sidelong glances of John mouthing along to his songs from the sidelines as he sang them. After a few weeks he asked John to hang out with him in his room, they had become closer over time and the bus was empty anyway, they were heading out to London and seeing as the rest of the guys had family there they left earlier to stay with them. John accepted his invitation to ride with him in an instant, flashing one of his signature smiles. Sherlock knew that he was failing miserably in his efforts to deny any feelings he had for John, he couldn't pinpoint what it was exactly that made him feel anything at all for him except the fact that he was
“Ah. John wasn't kidding about you. I'm afraid I can't do that as of yet, young man. An overdose is not something you can pretend never happened,” the doctor said.
"Oh yes dear, they arrived everyday you were away, the postman was here more than I was! Did you not see the papers while you were gone, the two of you were front page news! They should be up there somewhere if you want to have a read." She called back at him and Sherlock frowned. Front page news? He pulled out his phone and typed rapidly, pulling up the news sites, his blog, and John's too for good measure. Sure enough, they'd been headline news not five days ago, their 'secret wedding' blown wide open for the public to peruse. 'Detective duo's dream day' was a personal favourite headline, the subtle use of the letter d was not lost on him.  They had been very careful not to say anything about their impending nuptials to anyone, and security on the day had been tighter than the Queen's at least so there were no photos but somehow the unremarkable transition from engaged to married they'd been hoping for had been blasted out of the water. Wonderful.
"JOHN AND SHERLOCK, THIS IS FOR YOU." No one paid them much mind, weird things happened in camp every day but when he tensed John's hand found it's way discreetly to Sherlock's back, a life line against anything the two might say. For someone as self assured as he was, Sherlock was incredibly sensitive to homophobia, and while being tossed into the firing line at dinner had not been part of their plans, hearing it from people that were meant to be their friends would be even worse. Mike and Greg strode across the room with a box and Sherlock's bags in hand, and John's heart clenched at the flash of fear in his eyes when they reached their table.
Sherlock’s face softened just a touch and he finally looked up. “Really, I’m sure. I’ll… see you tomorrow?”
That line of thinking shocked his eyes open again.
“Sherlock?”
Apparently, he was a knobhead. At least that was the teary eyed warning he'd been given before walking into the ward where Mr Holmes lay, incredibly alert for someone whose heart had stopped the night before, and by the looks of him, not very happy to be there. Joy.
John was determined to escape the poisonous atmosphere of home, if he could even call it that, so he worked his arse off with small jobs and clinched a scholarship to medical school. John only had himself to fend for when young, so he held his head high and joined the RAMC. If there was one thing he learned from his doomed relationship with his father, it's that he had a penchant of focusing on making things right whilst under duress.
“Oh, hey, Sherlock, glad to see you've finally woken up,” John said, an anxious squeak escaping towards the end of his greeting, trying his hardest to wipe the sleep from his eyes. “How are you feeling?”
John carded his hands through Sherlock's hair, pleased that he'd not really fussed when John had casually suggested that he would be better off asleep. He was of course, and while he drifted on the couch John was left to pack in peace for the both of them. "Presents are in the back of the wardrobe." Sherlock slurred against the cushions and sure enough a handful of wrapped gifts were sitting at the bottom of it, and John wondered how he'd managed to miss them. With a snort at the thought of Sherlock going gift shopping, he packed those tightly among suits and shirts and closed the suitcase zip with the satisfying sound of metal teeth joining together. Maneuvering Sherlock from the couch down to the car when it arrived was easier than it should have been, the man was so light it was difficult to reconcile the fragility of his body with the rest of him. Again John's mind flashed to thoughts of him as a porcelain doll, beautiful, fragile and pale, angelic in the snowy evening light. Sherlock curled like a child against him, a scene that caused Mycroft's eyebrows to all but fly off his face when Henry opened the car door for them and John slid inside, rolling Sherlock onto his lap for the sake of both of their comfort. John
Uncomfortable though it had been while nursing monstrous hangovers, they had hashed out everything and anything they could think of, with Myc tentatively voicing his own self doubt and need for human affection (Greg gets the feeling the man might have still been a little drunk after the champagne breakfast)  and Greg admitting his fear that Mycroft was ashamed of his piece of rough sometimes. In the week that the newlyweds had been gone, a lot had changed between them. For the better,Greg thought as he caught Mycroft's eye in the rearview mirror and watched as they crinkled up in a smile.
In the kitchen John was sitting on a polished counter while Greg cooked. "I don't know what I was expecting... Certainly more hissing and glaring that's for sure. And Sherlock was worried she wouldn't like me." John scoffed, eating some jam off a spoon. "Yeah, it's gone surprisingly well... Still time. Can't get over it though, I'm the most handsome..." Greg struggled to find a word that didn't sound ridiculous to describe what he was to Mycroft. "Lover, Boyfriend, Live in mistress?" John offered, narrowly dodging the spoon Greg threw at him. "Very funny, partner" He smirked "Mycroft's ever had, power attracts some very attractive people and Mycroft is incredibly powerful... Seems a bit odd that average is the best he can do" John shrugged, returning the jam to it's rightful spot. "I'm not Sherlock's first you know. Mhmm. I hear him, sometimes,
Prompt 27: Leader
Not-Sherlock opened his eyes, looked around the bedroom and smirked at it, but the smirk fell away when he heard John's call of "see you later" as he went to work. The lecherous grin that replaced it was terrifying to say the least, and cold eels of doubt seated themselves firmly in Sherlock's stomach as he watched two days of silence pass. Not good. In fairness, it had been so long since Not-Sherlock had been allowed to take the reigns and the data Sherlock now had would require an amount of reading. Still, two days was far too long for someone of their intelligence to explore the main body of the palace. Only if you went upstairs, to the very top, would you take so long, and then what up there- and the penny dropped.
He couldn't sleep, couldn't even think about eating, even lying on the couch was a dagger to the throat, so much so that Sherlock had actually had to move John's armchair just so he wouldn't have to look at it, think of it, him, them. At night his brain presented him with vivid imaginings of exactly what John was doing, sometimes it was something so simple, like reading the paper, and other times it was much more destructive, like John getting ready for bed and wrapping himself around Mary. He'd loved John for so long, he'd forgotten what life was like without him in it and it hurt. It hurt more than anything he'd experienced, just breathing in and knowing that John's scent was fading away, that every moment Sherlock spent thinking of John was probably not even a concern to him... he could taste it in his mouth, burning his throat. It'd been a month. One month without so much as a text and he knew, he did, just how pathetic that made him seem, but God every single time that phone buzzed he hoped with every cell of his body that it was John on the line. It never was.
Trust his brother to get himself into mischief on the day of his child's birth (contingency plan D: early labour coming into play. Unexpected.) and end up entirely uncontactable, and in the back of some criminal's van. Married life had changed very little about Sherlock and John, that much had become increasingly clear over the past few months. "Yes, as soon as we have a pin on them, send whatever we have that's fastest. Gregory will be on hand to provide a gentle amount of police escorting, but one can never be too careful when it comes to childbirth." Mycroft ordered, affecting nonchalance while Lucia smiled brightly at his side. It wouldn't do for his other employees to see in, but Lucia knew how to read him, and his excitement was palpable to her.
tw mild child abuse references
Regret.
Stepping into the shower with a sulky Mycroft, he turned the water up to as hot as they could stand it and pushed Mycroft into the spray, silencing his complaints by grabbing the shower gel and proceeding to wash off every speck of glitter as an apology. It certainly sounded like he'd been forgiven by the end of it, and honestly he'd had no idea they'd be dropping glitter from the ceiling for no apparent reason. Within an hour they were both refreshed and on their way to Holmes manor.
Mary slid into the car and Sherlock, then John, squashed in after her. The obgyn they were going to was far enough away that Mary at least wouldn't crash into many people that recognized her, and could lie through her teeth about why they were there if she did. Sherlock hadn't pegged her as one who'd lie easily, but the best liars in the world were the ones that were honestly convinced they were not liars, making the trait nearly invisible. It was a blindspot usually reserved for secret service agents in his books, but Mary was no MI6 assassin so he filed the surprising occurrence away in a new Mary specific box in his mind palace entitled 'Need more data'. He'd put the jewellery conundrum in there too, simply because the question still played on his mind but John had asked him to refrain from "Turning their friend into some sort of case". He liked her too, but there was something just off kilter that he wasn't allowed to dig for under pain of... things he daren't repeat aloud, but let it be said that some of the more... colourful language used in that particular threat would have made even sailors blush. Sherlock had found it quite hot actually.
Greg arrived back at the manor sweating steadily even with the cold and traipsed wearily in through the back door, wary of trecking old withering leaves into the foyer because he had told the cleaners Yolanda and Samuel that they may as well take a week off and the sweeping brush was hidden somewhere that he had yet to discover. His fingers burned slightly at the sudden transition from one extreme temperature to another, but he relished the feel of warm air on his skin again and it helped him to resolutely ignore the sick feeling in the pit of his stomach at the thought of his being forced to leave Mycroft. He gulped water straight from the tap before heading up to shower. All the bathrooms in Mycroft's house were top quality, ivory tiled utopias of fine design and equipped with large showers and the occasional bathtub. The shower could comfortably hold at least three people at a time and Greg snorted a laugh to himself when he tried to imagine Mycroft having a threesome. The man had been astounded that Greg had wanted him in the first place, he didn't seem like he'd be comfortable showing such vulnerability to two people, he was very sensitive about his body, though Greg could not fathom why, all that pale, freckled skin... There was that sick feeling again. Greg stepped into the spray and cleaned himself thoroughly, Mycroft had thought himself sly when he'd surreptitiously placed Greg's preffered brand of body wash into every single one. Once he was clean and clothed a bit more Greg dumped his sweaty clothes into the wash and put his earphones back in while he dried his hair with his towel and sang along quietly. "Can't start a fire, can't start a fire without a spark, this gun's for hire, even if we're just dancing in the dark" Greg bobbed along to the music and didn't notice when someone opened the door.
Sherlock had eaten almost nothing all day, his mouth still tasted buttery from this morning's toast. It had gotten unbearably hot and John was fighting the urge to rip off his jumper and Sherlock's jacket. Sherlock clearly sensed this as he pulled away slightly and whispered into the space between them, his voice low and filled with a new note. "We should go, it'd be a bit not good to continue here" his eyes were closed as he said this. The two of them were breathing heavily as they hailed a taxi. They avoided each other's gaze until they were in the safety of their flat. Sherlock pushed John back against the door as soon as he closed it, crushing their lips together. John swapped their positions and moved his mouth further down, kissing his jaw, moving up to his cheekbones and nibbling his ear, relishing the soft gasps of pleasure and surprise. He held Sherlock at his mercy, and he loved it. He moved lower still, kissing his neck. Sherlock writhed against him and John continued. He wanted to mark Sherlock as his own and began to suck lazily at the tender flesh of his collar bone, stroking painfully slow circles on his stomach that were getting progressively lower. "J-John" Sherlock panted and John led him to his room, not even looking where he was going. He lowered the detective onto his bed, noting the crisp black sheets. It was very Sherlock.
Sherlock swallowed hard, avoiding his parents’ eyes as he contemplated what they had said.
He'd called Lestrade that first day under the pretence of needing help to write a speech. What he really needed was a reason, any reason at all not to pick up a needle again, and a witness was as good as any. John would have been disappointed if he had relapsed, but the void he had left in his wake was vast and all consuming, and anything that could numb everything for just a second would be a mercy. Could his feelings really have been hidden so well from John, or did he truly just not care at all for Sherlock? The way he felt, that he had allowed himself to feel, had meant going back on decades of conditioning and while a big part of him regretted that decision, he was so grateful for how it had made him appreciate every nuance of John, and finally shown him that love, while a dark and twisted vicious motivator that was slowly killing him, could also be a quiet light in the window of the flat at 3am, or a cup of tea gently nudged into his hand with a smile, a shared blanket while watching a movie, the comfortable points of contact between their thighs on the taxi journey home. He hadn't known that love could be a warm thing, a smile on his face as he went to bed each night and still there when he woke. He loved with as much focus and diligence as he worked, and he would love John until his wasted heart shriveled away, unwanted and unused in his own hand, waiting for John to look back and see it being given to him. Yes John, anything for you.
Thinking back, John had seen the look in Sholto’s eyes the day he saw his supposed soulmate dead on the cold metal trolley. It was the cold dread of realisation and agony and despair of losing someone he had never known reflected in those wide steel-grey eyes that made John pray that the same never happened to him. Now here he was, slapped with the possibility of losing Sherlock to an uncertain future.
Oooh Sherlock Holmes! You have a thing for firemen! You didn't even sign your initials
Molly giggled into her coffee as John regaled her with tales of the bachelor party, she had been invited but covering the graveyard shift for a friend so she could have the whole weekend off for the actual ceremony was a fair enough excuse not to go. "And then Sally just pulled them both up on the bar Coyote Ugly style and I don't think I've heard so many wolf whistles in my life as when Greg and Sherlock started to dance and go along with it, say nothing about the look on Sally's face and she just shrugged and continued, God Mols you should have seen it!" Greg's eyes twinkled with mischief and John narrowed his eyes. "What did you do?" he asked and Greg beamed "Guess who has photos and video footage of the whole thing?" "You cheeky bastard! Come on then Molly, you're in for a treat, I hadn't even gotten to the bit about the stripper-" Greg chimed in "or the horn!" Whipping out his phone while wiping tears of laughter from his eyes all three settled into their chairs, allowing very discreet, very well paid, very exasperated staff to get on with their hairs. Greg's and John's would take no length if they could sit still. Molly was laughing so hard she could barely breath by the time she made it to the end of the photos, the last one being of Greg with a massive grin, covered in glitter, taking a photo of himself with Mycroft's passed out form. Last strand of hair safely tucked into a yellow bow and light make up applied by said well paid (and lightly amused) staff, all three were dismissed in their robes back to John's half of the house. The make shift barbershop cum beautician had set up in a large communal bathroom on the second of four floors with bedrooms on the fourth, their journey back upstairs meant bumping into a large quantity of the Ledger clan, all of whom assured him unprompted that they were working on their various pieces, a few were already finished but most would be scribbling away until the last available moment. Distantly he could hear a high voice complaining about having their hair brushed, no amount of explaining that the wedding was only hours away abated the grumbles, in fact all those efforts received was a bitter "That isn't my fault!" John glanced at the time. Half past eleven, only just under three hours to go until he'd be expected on the altar, watching as Sherlock walked up the aisle and into the rest of their lives. He couldn't bloody wait.
John shrugged. "I'm pretty sure every 16 year old works in Tesco at some point. Well, not you, obviously. But all my friends when I was growing up did and so did I. I spent an entire summer working back here when I was 16 and it really hasn't changed. Just like the door lock can be opened from the inside if you hit it at the right angle."
"He's always been like that, whenever anything sexual comes up in conversation he just kind of goes away, he's a pretty shy guy about that sort of stuff here, but I've heard stories about him back home that you wouldn't believe.They call him Three Continents Watson at school according to my cousin's friend's sister's aunt's new neighbour. Maybe he's having summer dry spells and he can't break the curse! You know what I'm thinking?" Mike shook his head and Greg wondered how exactly it was unclear but explained himself anyway.
"Well you boys should get dressed then, If I know Orabelle we'll be there for lunch. I'll just get my coat" Mrs Hudson traipsed back down stairs and Sherlock and John heeded her advice, moving back to the bedroom to get dressed. Sherlock was very pleased with Mrs Hudson, her gaze had not lingered on John's arm at all. In fairness the branded one was facing away from her, but still she had not commented on the black words seared into his skin. In an objective way, they were kind of beautiful, with each letter being equally spaced and almost looking as though they had been artfully shaded. To those who didn't know it could be seen as a tattoo, to those who did, it was yet another war wound Sherlock thought to himself as he watched John bustle out of the shower. He strode past him to shower himself, but first held John up for a moment to press a kiss to his brand. John rubbed his hair dry with a towel and cleared the kitchen quickly while Sherlock washed. Sherlock had just finished when he decided it was time to get dressed and the two danced around each other in a familiar routine, arms and legs just barely brushing as they reached for shirts, shoes, anything. John couldn't help but smile at the silver tags clinking together against the pale expanse of Sherlock's chest. Even as they disappeared beneath a crisp white shirt they were still resting against his heart. He pulled on his black and white striped jumper rather absent mindedly, not even realising that they had matched their outfits. By the time they had dressed and reconvened with Mrs Hudson a sleek black car pulled up outside.
Prompt 22: Alive
The reception begins and he is jittery, the speech he'd written was borderline, it had taken so long to find the right words to say everything without giving himself away, and the fine line had been carefully crossed to have the least effect, still when he stood to begin with everyone staring up at him, he was scared. Scared that they'd see through him, scared that John would reject it all quietly with a dismissive "Oh Sherlock" laugh. When he got to the final paragraph he wondered if John could hear him. "Know that you are sitting between the two people who love you most in all the world, and we have a lifetime to prove that to you." People were dabbing their eyes and he frowned, not quite the reaction he'd expected. "Did I do it wrong?" he asked himself aloud, but to his utter surprise John replied "You did it exactly right" and stood up, wrapping Sherlock in his arms. Sherlock froze, taking in everything from the familiar scent of his hair that he'd missed to the feel of having their bodies together finally. It was over too soon. For John, Sherlock put on his happiest face, and interacted with everyone as if he was happy for the newlyweds.
As far as internationally guarded secrets went, it was one he had unearthed quite simply at the tender age of 9, even then having trouble with seeing things that he shouldn’t have.
"Almost forgot that other people don't know" John whispered as Mrs Hudson chattered down the phone. Sherlock smirked "Well Molly will get the message when she sees the lab today, we left the boxes there" he grinned cheekily "and I got some assistance from my brother but he doesn't know that we're engaged yet, apart from them and now Mrs Hudson no one else has any idea." John picked up a bun and bit into it, offering Sherlock a bite which he gladly accepted and nodded at their landlady who was smiling tearily at them. "I get the distinct feeling that this will make Mummy insufferable when she hears, Mycroft will not have told her anything, not until he is certain that I did it" Two mugs of tea were placed in front of them and John sat down at the table. "Can we avoid meeting people face to face? Mrs Hudson is fine because she's... well she's Mrs Hudson, but I do not plan on regaling the whole story to every acquaintance we have." John chuckled and sipped his tea. "Tell you what, we'll text anyone who needs to know, call your mother and I'll call Harry. It's going to be the best conversation we've even had 'Oh hello Harry did you know I've been dating someone devilishly handsome and we're engaged? Did I mention he's a man?' I can feel just how fun it's going to be already" John added sarcastically, wondering how he could possibly avoid having her meet Sherlock. She may have been his sister but John knew exactly how rude and probably vulgar any conversation with Harry would be, and how it would most likely spiral into a very one sided argument and a welcome storm out.
Sherlock smirked gleefully for a moment before a pointed elbow to the ribs from Mycroft shut him down. When they had to be seen together, he was supposed to behave, for Mummy rather than his brother he generally complied, but that wooden box - being lifted up and out of the church now - was a clue in a murder case that was rapidly becoming interesting.
,” was heard from nurse Amy, one of the unlucky ones to have encountered Sherlock on the night he was brought in.
For a fleeting moment, he’s sure that some unspoken line has been crossed.
Tea made and half drunk, Sherlock lead John back through the house at a leisurely pace, and nearly crashed into woman as they entered the front hall. "Sherly!" The short woman with bright green eyes exclaimed and threw herself at Sherlock's torso and wrapped him in a hug. "Aurora you and I both know he hates that name. Hello again Sherlock." Sherlock had frozen and his arms flailed as he attempted to decide how to react to the woman who was still clutching him. John desperately tried to hold back his laughter at the sight, he looked like an awkward gangly giraffe. The man who's voice had called to them stepped inside with a little girl cradled in one arm, a suitcase in the other and the beautiful woman John could only assume was his wife at his side. "Ford." Sherlock nodded in acknowledgment, and Sherrinford smiled. "Come on Rora, let him go." With a high pitched laugh she released him and flounced back to the door. "Victor, girls come on! Last one here has to sleep next to Cousin Henri!" Sherlock rolled his eyes and smirked as three pairs of feet pounded the drive, even through the snow just to avoid Henri. In fairness the boy was quite a pain, just like Mycroft a few years back but at least he'd realised just how annoying he was after Sherlock had nagged him for a few years. Henri was fifteen now and just totally unwilling to change regardless ofwhat anyone said. Ok so he liked him a little bit, but only because he admired anyone who would ignore those parents.
Three years exactly. It had been one thousand and ninety five days, each one both blurring into the next in an endless stream of the mundane and lasting for what felt like decades. Sherlock Holmes was a dead man walking, quite literally, while John Watson was simply a man who may as well have been dead who walked anyway. After day one - because suddenly dates and times no longer had meaning aside from when they occurred in regards to the fall - John could no longer call 221b his home, because the one thing that had made it so was now gone. He had moved back to the bedsit against the wishes of one Mrs Hudson who attempted to convince him that staying was the best option, but concluded that he was always welcome to go back and promising not to move anything unless it was in danger of decomposition. She had cried when he left. He had'nt, there were no tears spare, he was saving them for the night, when he could once again see the man he loved in all his glory. People always said that the first day of anything is the most difficult, because it's new and terrifying. This was not the case for John. The worst day was the first anniversary, when he realised he had an eternity of days like this before him, and he would be facing them alone.
“Moving in? Yes. This is my room, right? I mean, did you want to switch or something? Cause I’ve got to say, I don’t like your redecorating.” He gave a good natured chuckle but Sherlock didn’t laugh with him. He stared up at John like John had offered him gold, frankincense and myrrh. Or maybe more appropriately, a triple homicide. It was so similar to the way he’d looked at John that first night that John’s smile died on his lips and he had to swallow and look away, lest he start blushing.
“Come sit down," she commanded, steering him toward the bed.
“Who do you work for? Mycroft doesn’t hire imbeciles, so you’re not one of his.”
“Heresy,” Sherlock announced, mock-serious. “This is a twelve year, single-malt Royal Lochnagar, John. You
“That’s not what I meant and you know it.”
John finds his relationship has crumbled and, being a Uni student, his first instinct is to get pissed. The plan goes off without a hitch, until he literally falls into bed with a mysterious bloke with a serious case of snogable lips in need of snogging. John thereunto has no self control.
“What is the matter with you?” He wondered aloud, not really expecting a response.
“How’re your chicken and sage? Mind if I try one?” Sherlock asked softly, as if unsure of his welcome. John could just puke at the falsely coy behaviour.
“Fine,” Sherlock responded casually, already mentally going over what he’d need to break into the administrative office for John’s records. “Address?”
"Don't bother, you'll only hurt yourself," Sherlock snarls petulantly. "C'mon John." He then flounces off.
John stared at his shoes as if none of this were happening. He'd rather they went back to talking about brains in jars.
“Seems like they think you
The order shut down Sherlock’s brain completely and he scrambled to obey.
“Oh, great,” he remarked, noting the dampness around the crotch. He could faintly make out the sadly familiar smell of human waste, now that it was pointed out to him, just over the strong smell of damp and river pollution. A part of him, the Doctor, was horrified by Sherlock’s cavalier attitude about the blatant murder of a suspect, but the practical part, the Soldier, was wondering what the next move was. They had seconds before the armed assailant was upon them.
“Oh, don’t be such a wimp.” He received a glare for that but while Sherlock was too busy hacking, John snatched the roach out of the ashtray on the window sill. “You killed it,” he grumbled. It was then that he caught sight of the rest of the bag, tucked into the corner.
He seemed to ponder the question. “I’m not sure. Compared to what?”
"You'll be fine. Your coat will hide it until you can calm down."
John leaves the man with his family and moves to the loo to freshen up and change his clothes, putting the lot of it out of his mind as best he can. Off to Albuquerque next.
Sherlock nodded and turned his hand over, but he kept glancing at other points of John’s body, his eyes, mouth, shoulders, even his hair. John didn’t know whether to continue to be annoyed or inappropriately flattered.
“Yes.”
Mycroft rounded the corner after Sherlock but John called out, “Unless you want to kick the door down, I suggest you leave him be.”
“It’s got notes of coffee,” Sherlock noted, the snobby fuck. “I quite like it. I’ll have to remember to thank Mrs. Hudson.”
John looked down at her weapon and she grinned.
She shifts in her chair slightly, looks up from the laptop and smiles. "It's a bit...well...it's a bit gay, isn't it?"
Laila met his eye over a bottle of Skyy vodka when she spotted him, and gave him a subtle nod. He didn’t want to respect her but damn if she wasn’t devious in a way he could admire. She’d played him like a fiddle and he’d resonated with each pluck. No wonder Mycroft wanted her for his team; he’d seen her potential before Sherlock had done.  He’d have to thank her one day for the foresight in keeping London’s heroin and cocaine dealers from selling to him. He’d been livid at the time but it was the right call and he was glad for it.
. “You want me, and I understand
“Please, what’s wrong? Tell me,” he begs, running his hands up and down Sherlock’s back.
“No,” Sherlock drawls, suddenly twice as focused on John, pouncing on the lie, “your train of thought was derailed when I brought up your muscle memory. If you’d been thinking of your time in the service, it wouldn’t have been.”
"You were spying on us?" John snapped.
His mobile buzzed in his apron, a text. He glanced around before sliding it out enough to see who it was from. Sherlock, of course, who else? He put it away but curiosity, and boredom, eventually found his thumb swiping the message open.
Sherlock could only nod.
“How’s the ankle?”
“No. Does that surprise you? Did you think we had been shagging the whole time he was married and living in Ealing?”
She blinked and Lestrade fidgeted, knowing Sherlock was about to crack the case. They made eye contact briefly.
She stared him down for a long second, probably deciding on whether she’d allow the subject change or not, but eventually she waved at the waiter. They fought over splitting the check but, once John caught a glance at the total, he bowed out. They both knew her job at the cafe was just a formality; her family was filthy rich.
“Quite, yeah,” John agrees, laying it on as thick as he pleases, valor be damned. He leans his hip against the car, effecting a casual stance, hoping she’s not seen the cane that’s propped up against the car door. “London is miles away, isn’t it?”
“Kiss me again.”
, Mr. Holmes, is none of your concern. I think somebody needs to teach you a lesson in keeping your blasted opinions to yourself.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Help me do what?”
“So,” John threw himself down on the sofa, “what’s the paperwork for?”
“Obviously,” Sherlock answered, sounding bored.
“Yes, good, fine.” He waved her off and went back to his book with the soundtrack of Mrs. Hudson’s disgruntled groan playing in the background.
John sat back against his heels in relief. “Yeah, until you went all Bambi on Ice.”
The man’s coat was laying haphazardly in his chair, so he hadn’t left the flat.
He had a bliss filled moment of observing that sight before his eyes closed on his own orgasm. He squeezed Sherlock in his grip for what seemed like hours before collapsing on top in a grunt. His face pressed into the crook of Sherlock's neck and he rubbed contently against sweaty curls. Neither moved, just learned to breath normally again, until Sherlock squirmed and John pulled out of him with a groan.
Sherlock merely shrugged. John rolled his eyes and turned to answer the phone.
“I see that,” she admitted dryly. “And what was the occasion?”
“Shut up. If you think I would say anything, you’re even dafter than I thought.”
“Sherlock, you in here?” He asked before pushing the door open enough to glance inside. All of the lights were out but he could still see that the room was empty. Where the hell could he be?
Not even the unique way the two framed those strange syllables could keep John from the siren's call of pain relief, his brain was too fried to deal with their antics at the moment, so he headed toward the the loo to find some paracetamol. Fix skull, then solve crisis. The heated bickering went on as he dry swallowed four pills. Half-way through Sherlock’s argument he switched back to English.
“Oh yeah,” John conceded. “That really is… just incredible.”
Janine shrugged, as if this were perfectly possible.
“I don’t have to work until four,” John announced as he brought Sherlock’s tea. “There’s not much we can do with you out of commission, but we could play Cluedo or something. I saw you have it stuffed into the closet upstairs. And you can vent about your brother, if you want.”
John feels a frown pull at his face. “Deleted? You mean you just forget certain things?”
“All right,” he whispered, uncharacteristically quiet.
Before John could parse the ache in his chest, the pair were shaking hands, nearly hugging if John read their body language right.
"Suppose he wanted to collect some sort of insurance check or something," John mumbles after the waitress checks on them and leaves again.
Sherlock croaked, “Confused.”
“You know, John, the point of good scotch is to taste it. What you’ve done is…” He trailed off when John started giving him the jerk-off motion. “My brother would be appalled.” He glanced over at John’s bottle of Coke with renewed interest.
“Christ, Sherlock, really?” He roared incredulously over the sound of the sudden arrival of the helicopter. “In front of the Mobster?”
“I mean get over here or so help me,” Sherlock growls.
Sherlock reached up and ran a thumb over John’s pink scar, remembering how mesmerized he’d been the night before.
“Suppose I didn’t want to think about who came before,” Sherlock growled, getting desperate. “Why do you insist on torturing me? Either get to the point of this nonsense or you can continue on babbling to my corpse, since I’ll have died of a massive stroke.”
She snorted softly into his hair. “Yeah. Do you trust me?"
“We will?"
“No, see, we finished between the two of us,” Sherlock explained, waving and lisping adorably. “Two people finishing one bottle is… not… bad. Simple maths. See?”
, John thought.
one day.
Getting his hands on it was paramount, so he did, clasping it round the base and giving a gentle tug up and back down. It gave a rewarding pulse right back and Sherlock banged his head against the table again, this time with a hearty moan. It felt soft to John’s callused hand, somehow softer than the usual velvet over steel feel of standard cocks. John wanted to ask if Sherlock was moisturizing his prick, possibly masturbating with some kind of expensive Swiss hand cream, but the image of Sherlock masturbating at all sent John on a tangent of sexual imagery. One hand continued to carefully caress Sherlock’s erection, the other came down to unbutton his jeans and free his own erection.
“No problem. I’ve never had a sidekick before, figure it’s best to keep you in good physical condition or else I might not be allowed another one.”
Christ, she was trying to put him in debt.
"What, you mean about the blog?" She laughs. "Yeah, he'll have a few choice words about it." Her mobile rings from the night stand and she runs to grab it, chatting away pleasantly while John towels off. She comes back with a smile and leans in to kiss his cheek. "Well, I'm off with Janine and Carol to do a bit of shopping. Don't do anything I wouldn't do."
“Oi, my accent isn’t fake! I’m from Hampshire. And anyway, I have no idea what you think I’m involved in but-”
John, for his part, just hung on, a self-satisfied smirk attempting to pull his lips away from his teeth. At that point he didn’t think Sherlock would notice if John did bite him. He sucked down Sherlock’s ejaculate when it came, letting the majority hit the back of his tongue and disappear down the back of his throat, assuming it would be a lot, considering. He wasn’t wrong. It seemed to last a full minute, shot after shot just pouring out of him. Pride lit John’s stomach knowing Sherlock likely hadn’t felt anything that good in his life.
John obliged, hollowing his cheeks around the fat cock end, fist pumping double-time along the shaft.  His left working his own harder as well, simply getting off on getting someone else off.  When Bernard began to swell against John’s tongue he mentally prepared himself. He hadn’t yet found a correlation between bollock size and the amount of ejaculate, but one could never be too sure when it came. He’d not go out by choking to death on semen in the toilet of a gay bar; his mother would have a fit.
“I’ll email you as soon as I hear back from him. Meanwhile, you’ve a paper due on Cell Regeneration,” he reminded with a look over top of his glasses.
John reached the top of the stairs to find Sherlock standing, balancing on the post at the end of his bed.
“Mrs. Hudson will get it.” He pushed the paper back around to her. “Now, please explain to me how you came to this ridiculous conclusion.”
to blow me I’m not gonna stop you-“
“Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds?” John guessed.
"It's hard to explain. I'm just not ready yet."
“Lillian Barclay.”
“Um,” John murmured, unsure. “Are you waiting or…?”
“Oh,” he whispered. “Would you? I’d be so grateful.”
John grinned wide at the little dig. “We are going to actually study, you know. I hadn’t planned on having a go at her right there on the sofa.”
“Attempting?” John countered incredulously. Then he gave a hiss and shook his hand out. “Ugh, I think I broke my knuckle.”
“I think between the two of us, we can subdue the man. Your muscle memory seems to be satisfactory.”
Sherlock nodded, wide-eyed, but John wasn’t satisfied.
The room erupted into snorts, giggles and flat out belly laughs. He flipped them all off and backed out into the hall.
John snapped to attention and stepped into the street to get into the van, buoyant with renewed faith and import.
“No,” he answered, “it must be you.”
“Oh, absolutely,” he agrees readily. “Only an idiot would.” John licks his lips, not wanting to admit his confusion, but the man must pick up on it anyway. “I’m most assuredly not an idiot. They won’t expect it.”
This chapter was a lot of fun to write. The boys get into all kinds of hijinx in this one. For those waiting on more smut, there's a dab of masturbatory fun in this one. John finds it harder to abstain from the physical side than Sherlock. Or so he thinks...
"Mary is looking radiant, isn't she?" She asked with a grin.
"God, I love you, you silly git."
John’s hand over shot and he tipped the sugar over on the counter. “Oh, piss!” He scrambled to right it; somewhat ironically scooping the spillage into the sink with the dirty flannel. He took a steadying breath, and swore, once again, to keep a cool head in the face of his instinctive craving for the git standing behind him.
He curled tighter and hoped the cab crashed and threw him into the partition.
“I honestly don’t know where these numbers are coming from. My roommate quoted it at a hundred this morning. It’s mortifying.”
“Oh, you like him well enough,” Sherlock explained to her, “but you’re in it for the long game. You think if you stick around long enough he’ll go back into surgery and you’ll be a proper doctor’s wife. Not going to happen. His tremors will never allow it. Sure, he might do a little locum work but the strain of your too high-reaching expectations will drive a wedge sooner or later. Best break it off now when you’re not invested before he starts in with the vigilantism and collecting ASBO’s. Really, I’m doing you both a favour.”
Sherlock knew well the impact words had on the human psyche, but John had turned the particular torture into an art form.
was trans, I thought
“Mmm, interesting,” Sherlock muses. His fingers drum on the steering wheel and John watches them in the light from the dash, thinking wildly inappropriate thoughts. “John.”
“Oh my god, this is amazing,” John groaned.
“Truth,” Sherlock whispered back. His fingers clenched down on his knees, knuckles white against the black of his trousers.
“Even if they were true?” Sherlock asked back, seemingly curious for a true answer.
“You’re not coming?” John questioned as he got dressed.
John, not far behind, continues to suck on Sherlock’s fingers until he’s gasping for air and his vision whites out.
“I would willing bet my arse, believe me,” he drawled and tugged at his hair in frustration. “Owwff,” he huffed when John landed heavily on top of him, fully nude and writhing.
“I agreed to nothing,” John responded, lowering his head to nip at Sherlock’s collarbone again. “In fact,” a swipe of his tongue, “I think I would like to go slow.”
John took a few tentative steps forward, hand out for the book. Sherlock handed it over reluctantly. John turned the page and grinned brightly.
"It's nothing. Let's get back," he snapped angrily.
He plucked the thing from Sherlock’s ear, savoring the brush of a few curls, and held his hand out for the lighter. Sherlock scowled at him but handed it over, immediately shoving his bare hands back into his deep pockets. Served him right, making fun of John for nearly forgetting his shoes when he’d forgotten his gloves.
He’d wanted then; wanted to touch, to grip, to pull, to taste. But he’d held back for fear of rejection. It had already become apparent John didn’t touch the same man twice, but, oh, how he wanted. The best Sherlock could do was watch from afar and steer men of a certain caliber toward John, for his own safety.
Sherlock grinned and then scared the ever living hell out of John by leaning in close. To his relief, possible dismay, he merely rested his forehead against John’s.
“Yes, John. Despite what you clearly believe, I’ve not gone senile in my pursuit of the illicit.”
John reacted to her voice as if shocked, and Sherlock was amazing to find they had been holding hands through the entire conversation. The brief moment was shattered as John wrenched his hand away as if horrified to have found it there.
an idiot,” John casually notes, watching the lone mobster pace in front of John’s rental.
He nodded for Sherlock to come over and watched as the man slowly set his violin down on the table against the wall before he cautiously came over to sit.
“You’re lucky I just bought a new… Sherlock, jesus!” John marched back to the bed and cradled Sherlock’s face. “Hey, it’s all right, I’m here. Hey.” Sherlock continued to shiver, despite John’s proximity and his assurances. It was too much adrenaline in his system, too long having gone without John’s touch, just too much. John rubbed at Sherlock’s arms, ran his hands down to pull Sherlock’s away from the bed spread, where he’d gripped them and been unable to let go.
“Yeah? Thanks!” He grinned like Sherlock had offered to be his personal slave for life, and the feeling it gave Sherlock did not bode well for their future. He could easily become as addicted to doing favours for this man as he already had at impressing him. He silently vowed never to do another thing for John as long as they both should live.
is the song John is singing to Sherlock at the end there. It's another Bill Withers classic. In John's mind it makes up for the wrong pronoun fiasco in chapter five.
“You can’t just kiss someone-”
"No, thank you very much."
They pull up to Sherlock’s rental, hidden behind a billboard a few miles down the road. John feels the inevitable separation coming like a solid weight in his stomach. He goes to open the door, at least shake Sherlock’s hand before he goes, but to his surprise, Sherlock stops him.
John didn’t move a muscle, other than to trace the rim of the can with his thumb. “Oh. Boyfriend then?”
It took several deep, steadying breaths before Sherlock could put the phone back to his ear.
Sherlock’s head came up with great effort. “What?”
“Hopefully it means the towels are newly washed. I don’t want to think of the alternative.”
“Bored,” he admitted, which, technically was true, but not why he’d picked the drawing pad up to begin with. “This one was from memory, Atwood Murders, back in April.”
“You want something to drink?” He offers after they pull away. It’s only polite.
“Yes. Do you know why?”
“Don’t you frown up at me,
John tried again. “We got drunk.” As an explanation, it fell flat. They both knew it.
“All right, I’ve been waiting for fifteen minutes now and if I’m not mistaken this is not where they keep the takeaway boxes.”
John could have cried. Sherlock was being serious, he'd stopped moving, seemingly until he received an answer. John racked his brain, shook it until the correct answer popped out. "Bart's. Could have shagged you on the table top if Mike hadn't been sat there. And if you'd been keen, obviously." He flexed his hips in an attempt to get the man moving again.
“I said you’re going to be late for class.”
It was good he'd come to Sherlock now before he actually got his hands on a patient. The recitation was enough
experiments,” Sherlock explained. “
John was about to protest when Sherlock started bouncing gracefully onto his toes, effectively shutting John up.
The tip of John’s tongue darted between his lips, but it didn’t take a genius to deduce that it was anything but sexual. John looked ready to launch himself across the table between them and choke the life from Sherlock. Tap, tap, tap went his fingers on the chair.
They stepped inside and John shivered with the temperature change, shaking off the December cold as he wiped his feet.
“And Greg let this person go on like that?” John fumed.
, Sherlock’s glare screamed.
“I never kid.”
John’s breath hitched softly and he nuzzled into the comfort. He closed his eyes and just breathed for a moment. He was sure people were probably watching but he didn’t care.
“Nah, man, Holmes says he’s got information on Lillian. Wants to talk to the boss,” Mitch informs his partner.
John grunted. “I should take care of this before we get too comfortable to move.”
Quickly, John asked, “That where you learned fencing? Posh place like that, I’m sure they taught all sorts of interesting things.”
John raised his head a bit. Other than the embarrassment of his middle name, Sherlock's speech didn't sound too bad so far. He glanced up timidly, waiting for the other shoe to drop.
“Never,” he responds, a growl so deep it’s a weapon onto itself.
“I would keep them in a terrarium of course. I know what you’re thinking but I wouldn’t just let them roam free about the flat. I’m not an idiot,” he was saying. John smiled-
“Oh, you!” She grumbled, setting the sugar pot down with a clank, possible combustion be damned.
“You fancy yourself clever, using Mycroft to spy on me. Did you never hear that old adage?”
“Join?” He parrotted, visibly brightening.
“Of course.”
Sherlock’s face did something almost feral, clearly not happy with the summons, but he broke eye contact to follow, stealing one more sausage before he walked away.
“Oh, for f-“ Sherlock growls when he sees John’s vest underneath the button down and John throws his head back and laughs at the man’s righteous indignation, but still rolls to help remove both shirts.
Greg slapped a hand over both Molly and Mrs. Hudson's ears, virtually smashing their heads together in front of the door. Neither seemed to notice, they were far too busy crying.
Sherlock cupped John’s arse, pulled him in tighter, and deftly pointed out, “I
“Why was she crying?” Sherlock heard faintly from the stairs. Even muffled the concern was audible.
He sat back down from his attempt at standing. “Just a… an acquaintance. But he’s malleable and you’re apparently not so if you’ll excuse me-“
John didn’t look amused. He lifted his own mug and drank most of the tea in one go.
“Sherlock,” he drawls cautiously.
John glanced up, a suspicious glint in his eye. “You? You know how to box?”
Almost faster than John could track, they attacked. Well, Molly and Mrs. Hudson attacked, Greg sort of just stood there supervising. Mostly he stood there wide eyed and hesitant.
Laila jumped at the chance to answer. “John has selflessly decided to dedicate his life to helping others, my darling future doctor has,” she leaned in to sickeningly rub noses with him, “and I was committed to becoming a filthy barrister, but recently I’ve been thinking of switching careers, so who knows.”
Slowly, the pace seemed so utterly glacial, their faces moved closer and closer together until both could taste the salty brine of tears in the air, and John's lips were on Sherlock's, warm and supple and inviting, as if they'd been waiting for this all this time. He tasted of tea and toast and all the comforts of home and Sherlock was so grateful that he had gotten to experience a first kiss, and a last kiss with John before he'd missed his chance. They broke apart and John's thumb, solid and steady, brushed across his cheek. "I think, love, it's time to go to sleep." Tears streamed steadily down Sherlock's cheeks. "I don't want to go." John's head fell to rest against Sherlock's chest, listening to the steady beat of his heart. "I know, I don't want you to go either, don't worry, I'll be with you the whole time. Sleep. I'm here." Slowly but surely, both men nodded off, the steady thud of two hearts falling into rhythm as their lullaby.
He raised a salacious brow "Was there a reason I wasn't supposed to? " Mycroft pinched the bridge of his nose in exasperation.
"John Watson and Sherlock Holmes, Met at camp Firewood 1 June 1980.
, the pièce de resistance, he had no way of ever contacting him again. This had been his second chance, and he had completely fucked it up. People didn't get third chances in this life.
Their banter continued in much the same fashion for how long Sherlock could not say, but he did not miss the way John's eyes tracked every movement and gesture he made.
Now that they were in his room, Sherlock didn't know how this would play out. Was he supposed to say something or ask about which side of the bed John would prefer? He resolved to be silent, tearing off the dressing gown and ratty shirt and throwing them in a corner before sliding into the bed, leaving the duvet corner open for John to join him. John made the decision to forgo pyjamas and stick to boxers and his undershirt, stripping down carefully before taking the invitation and getting into bed. It was awkward, with miles of space between them and John unsure of where the boundaries lay, they spent ten minutes laying in complete silence before Sherlock gave a frustrated grunt.
