“Why? This shit’s worthless.”
“Well… not entirely, but judging by the overall tone of extreme discontent that’s being directed at me, I’m going to hazard a guess that the right answer is probably ‘everything,’” Cas grumbles.
“Good. Okay. Uh, we can handle this, we’re just gonna have to adapt. But everybody here already knows how to kill angels. We should be okay.”
“Dean wasn’t kidding, they’re really soft,” Sam comments. An almost inaudible inward breath is taken. “Alright, hit me.”
Approximately thirty six minutes after lunch ends, Sam Winchester arrives.
“Apologies.”
“What? Yeah, okay.” Mary is passed to Dean and he grins down at her. “Hey, cutie… you got my boyfriend hurt, but you’re so sweet I’mma forgive you anyway.”
This gets the nurse to tell him about being too dependent on his friends - as if he has any other friends at all to be dependent on. Her “soothing” tone grates on him and just makes him angrier. He refuses to respond further because this entire interaction is exhausting. All he wants is to see Dean but that’s not allowed, not for another four days.
“Uncle Gabe was teaching me how to groom my wings and he said that sometimes your mate is supposed to do it, which implies that angels have mates. But there’s no other angels here and you like Dean the best, so if humans have mates too then that means he’s yours, right? But how will he groom your wings for you if he can’t see them?”
What replaces the hotel room when Castiel leaps backwards through the time-stream is the inside of a church. That surprises him somewhat, especially as Sam and Dean don’t appear to be working at the moment. They’re both sitting there. Castiel checks to make sure he’s imperceptible to them and then ruminates briefly on what he’d felt back in 2008. Something strong, far more powerful than him, observing his actions or perhaps being made aware of them. The important thing is that he’s attracted someone’s attention and he’s very sure that that isn’t a good thing.
“Cas, are you going to eat with us?”
And this progress must be facilitated by consuming nutrients.
“Who is this?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“That ain’t a bad guess,” Bobby agrees. “You learned yet that the ends don’t always justify the means? ’Cause that’s what got your ass in trouble.”
“Dean-”
Castiel desperately wants to convince himself that he can’t see any of this - how red is beginning to flash behind Dean’s eyes in a precursor to them inevitably gleaming black instead of green, how Dean’s soul is pockmarked with wounds, how his very being is wracked with agony as it tries in vain to reject what the Mark is turning it into. Dean is suffering an indescribable level of pain even if it isn’t reaching his conscious mind at the moment, blunted as it is by recent bloodshed.
“I think that one goes great with his eyes.” She points at one of the shirts Dean’s holding.
Cas trembles. “I suppose it isn’t.”
you were wrong in the first place! Tell me something new!”
“Good question. Maybe to make us bond with each other or something, who knows. God had a lot of really screwy ideas that he never got around to fixing.”
“Nevermind.” Enochian is an awful and ugly-sounding language, so there’s no reason he likes hearing Cas use it. “So if you were gonna say it in Enochian, even though there’s no word for it, how would you do it?”
“None’a your fucking business. Why do you always stare at me like that?”
Gabriel whistles tunelessly as he flies, bounding rapidly through different locations and snatching up the various complicated and rare ingredients for the magic that’s going to be performed tomorrow. It’s technically experimental, but Sam’s been consulting Rowena for the past nine days about how exactly to craft these spells together and what the ritual processes should entail - the guy’s turning into a fairly competent witch as it is, and even so Gabriel will be able to stop and reverse it all if things start to go wrong.
And that’s the strongest impression because it’s what stood out to Cas the most at the time, it clearly still haunts him.
When Sam does finally return, he somehow isn’t appreciative. “Gabe, why are you in my bedroom?”
“Apologies.”
Why did he not get to live?
“Dad forbid you guys decide to be helpful,” Gabriel gripes. “You missed a spot there.” He points. “Actually you missed like ten different spots. Do you want some help?”
Dean removes himself from the bed and returns with a washcloth, promptly attending to the mess. Castiel lies still and allows this, and once it’s finished they both dress. Sam is already in the kitchen when they arrive.
“Will he still be my roommate? Not all the beds here are full anymore and the nurses often call him snuggling me ‘inappropriate,’” Cas confesses.
“Is it?” Cas wonders.
Well,
“Answer this one thing and then I’ll go,” she decides, staring at him and being equally matched by his fierce scowl. “What exactly did he see in you? What had him so enamored that he rebelled against us again and again just for you?”
“You heard that?”
He has a loose idea about what’s in those - not exact memories, but related concepts. Being unable to find Sam and at the same time chased by some type of monster, obviously a parallel to when Sam ran away and John thrashed Dean for it. Sitting on a rock in the middle of the ocean with no land in sight and fish trying to bite him, well that clearly represents his time in Hell. Banging as hard as he can on a glass wall while some of his loved ones stand beyond it being able to see but not hear him and he’s unable to reach them, undoubtedly his guilt over any number of people he failed to save.
“Hey man, uh, you’re gonna get in trouble if you stay out here too long.”
“Yeah.”
“How are you feeling?”
wants to be pissed but is mostly inconsolably sad. “You didn’t kill him.”
Cas chuckles.
“You do? Since when?” Dean snorts. “Usually you just do whatever it is you’re gonna do and that’s it.”
Cas looks… wrong. It’s subtle, but there’s something off about him, like the lines of his face have moved just slightly or something. Sam can’t place it but now that he can see it he can’t stop staring and trying to figure it out.
Gabriel switches tactics. “What’s the first thing you think of when someone says the word ‘demon?’”
“There is. I would like to stay with you indefinitely but I’m concerned that wouldn’t be fair to you. My therapist has mentioned a potential codependency problem in the past and I’m also aware that my presence in your home might be limiting. From conversations with Sam, I’ve gathered that aside from him you tend towards solitude as a general rule. I don’t want to intrude on your natural way of living.”
“I ain’t letting you kill Cas, Sam! Fucking drop that idea right now!”
“This is more difficult than I was anticipating,” Cas admits before awkwardly taking a bite.
It actually doesn’t take Dean that long to figure out what’s going on for once, because all these stupid doors have labels on them.
“I’m sorry, man. Cas swore me to secrecy.”
“That would be an excellent question for Sam. I’m sure it’s possible, but I’ve never encountered such a thing. And please don’t ask about this to Gabriel, we don’t need him getting ideas for even worse pranks,” Castiel grumbles while writing on yet another box of bullets.
“Nursing shift. I’ll be home at approximately ten PM tomorrow night.”
“HELL YES”
“You’re doing great, Sammy,” Dean calls back, not even opening his eyes to look and briefly reaching a hand out from under the feather-cocoon to give a lazy thumbs up.
“Cas - it’s okay. You weren’t tryna get me hurt or anything. You already got my forgiveness for… whatever. All of it. And if. Uh. If you’re really gonna go, then. You should prob’ly start tryna forgive yourself for some’a that shit, too. I know you think you’re a fuckup, and that’s fair ’cause you kinda are, but you never did anything but try to help. So.”
“Chewing your… thing!”
“Um. I called Rowena,” he admits. “But - you know what, aren’t you supposed to be pissed? Why are you so happy about this? I grounded you and made your life miserable!”
“Cas-”
Sam’s wife jumps in again. “IT’S NOT LEGAL FOR THE NHL TO FIRE YOU FOR BEING GAY”
“None,” Dean grumbles in a tone Castiel instantly recognizes as
“No, I just have eyes and I’m sick of watching you both be stupid about this. Goodnight, Cas.”
“And?” Dean snorts.
So this chapter is going up waaaayyyyyyyy early - I'm moving into my new apartment tomorrow and my wifi router hasn't arrived yet, which means this chapter wouldn't be able to get posted on time. Instead of frustrating all of you (or worse, giving you anxiety by thinking something happened to me) I'm putting this up off-schedule. However, the following update where ch. 23 gets posted should be back to Tuesdays :)
Dean. Getting up off his ass, Dean looks all around but still can’t find Cas anywhere. Is it because he was so freaked out by the vacuum-hose-feeling that his focus broke? That must be it. So Dean closes his eyes again, and he’s a little more ready this time, and he lands on his feet when the vacuum thing has stopped on its own.
that ain’t true, you do know you’re both constantly staring at each other, right?”
“Cas-”
Morning group today implements one of Cas’ favorite things - art therapy.
Patrice Bergeron, current team captain of the Boston Bruins, may be retiring after this season. This is a huge deal actually. For one thing he's only been captain for one season at this point, for another he's such a spectacular player and teammate that it's a 100% guarantee that his number is getting retired, and for a third thing if he does do this we'll have now had three seasons in a row where a beloved player in a leadership role has left (first Chara, then Krejci, now Bergeron). This is a good reminder to me, at least, that aside from most hockey players being racist dipshits there's a reason to not have favorite players. Regardless it's still going to be a huge loss supposing it does happen no matter how inevitable it is. The Bruins won't be the same without him.
Castiel has had enough.
“Because Heaven’s functionaries have white wings. Garrison warriors have black feathers, and I used to be one of those. Then God promoted me to seraph and they changed color.”
“Hey, son,” Lucifer grins, voice full of fake sweetness and waving slightly with one hand. The other one’s tucked into his pants pocket and his entire posture screams of arrogance and narcissism. “Haven’t seen you for a couple weeks, we should catch up…”
“Yeah.” Castiel hears Gabriel struggle to sit up. “Wait. You’re
The section of Hell where Gabriel’s been imprisoned is at least secluded. Castiel gets as close as he can and reaches out, attempting to open a mental channel for communication. He’s disturbed by the weakness he senses - Gabriel is barely at half strength.
“Dean, stop
: I did the calculations and if we continue with the average word-count and average chapter-count per month this fic takes place, it will end up being around 200k words and 100 chapters. For context, the longest (for now) fic I've written is 109k words. Do with this information what you will I guess lol
“Yeah, and? What do you want me to say, Cas? That I forgive you? ’Cause I don’t. You could’a got Bobby killed. You could’a set Crowley up for a huge power grab. That ain’t okay, you dumbass! You should feel bad! I
Eileen explains.
that it sucks, but… damn. You didn’t even want her?”
“Because, it’s…” Dean trails off and shakes his head, which is extremely unhelpful in Castiel’s opinion. “Never mind. You gonna let me help or not?”
“Y’know what, at least in my car, I’m in control of what happens.”
“No, it’ll be here in a couple minutes.”
“FUCK THAT DUDE YOU SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO JUST BE WHO YOU ARE”
“You just did.” Cas glares and Dean snickers. “Sure, man, go ahead.”
The blade comes down.
“No, trust me, no communication issues, they just kinda hate each other,” he snorts. “What about you, man? You and Victor holding up and leading the team?”
Kevin ends up with it and the Isles cycle positions again. Castiel is screening the goalie, Dean and Zeddmore are on his left,
“Since when?” Dean bellows, leaping off the bed and shoving Castiel with both palms. He allows himself to be moved and catches himself easily. “You let fucking-” Dean audibly chokes. “You let him kick my ass in that room and I almost died, then you pop up in the hospital and don’t heal me. Now you’re here and I
“Yes. So, the biggest issue is the red tape, but I’m taking care of that and you don’t need to worry about it. It’s evident that Raphael’s interference with your life is detrimental to you and causes you distress. I don’t want to be overconfident about anything, but ultimately it shouldn’t be very hard for me to get him away from you.”
Which just makes it that much more irritating that Dean ain’t just not speaking to Cas. Dean’s not speaking to
in the span of a human heartbeat. “Seriously?”
Blades clang together as they interrupt an impending blow. They pistol-whip the angel across the bridge of his nose, buying just enough time for Dean to immediately shoot him through the eye with one of the angel-killing rounds. Nearby, an apocalypse-world soldier is smote - they lunge for the angel but miss when he flies out of the way.
“Yes. Bela has informed me that Twitter is acting up again, I was wondering if you knew about that since I don’t pay much attention to social media.”
gonna cry dammit. Totally not crying right now.
Jack looks at Castiel. “I actually got really busy between tries to rescue you from the Empty with remodeling Heaven and making new angels so that it’s not about to crumple up into itself, so may I be excused? I’ll visit again soon.”
Gabriel grabs a stack of shipping pallets and flings them individually at Lucifer, trying to drive him into a specific area - it doesn’t quite work because one suddenly appears above him to be brought crashing down on his head. It doesn’t injure him, but it’s distracting enough to be a problem. Lucifer takes advantage of this and shoves him hard enough to have him sprawl sideways and impale himself on the mechanical arm of something.
“Man, every time I think I can’t hate your feathered buddies any more than I already do, they fuckin’ find a way,” Dean grunts, wearing an expression of distaste. “They really just go around murdering babies?”
“Dean is my friend,” Castiel protests.
Dean can’t wait to see that, actually, and he grins. “Awesome.”
Briefly, he laments that he’s never had the opportunity to meet such a version of his favorite human before: one that’s unguarded, not ashamed to be open and inquisitive, exploring the unknown to at least some degree instead of endless attempts to destroy it. “…alright.”
“So you’re sticking around either way?”
“Yeah, I can see that.”
“Shut up!” Dean screams. “You been lying to me for
“How does that even work?”
Aaaaannnnnnddddd we're up to sixty subscribers! ^_^
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t give a god damn about him or Heaven. We’re talkin’ about you, sunshine.”
“I’ll take your word for it.” Castiel refuses to allow his terror to show on his face. “I thought you were getting a snack.”
“…alright, Dean. In the interest of indulging your film habits, I’ll stay with you even once my recovery period has expired,” he agrees.
The other nine players all chase Kevin in a disorganized mob. The Devils aren’t particularly adept with their leadership still decapitated for the next eight and a half minutes, and the Islanders inexplicably are all over the place tonight. Kevin takes a shot with the closest player eight feet behind him, but the goalie gloves it and play stops. Lines change for both teams.
“I’m making you hallucinate,” is Cas’ brief explanation. “It occurred to me that this might be easier than what’s essentially talking to yourself.”
He has to stop and think about that for a second before slowly raising his right hand to rest it on the back of Cas’ where Cas is touching his shoulder. “Maybe it depends on the person. For you, yeah. Yeah it matters.”
He squirts orange Gatorade into his mouth, enough for about two and a half swallows. Watching the faceoff in the attacking zone, Castiel thinks that Victor should’ve passed to
“Too bright, it gives me a headache,” Gabriel argues, and Castiel detects him shaking his head even without looking. “Samsquatch has a way more mellow soul, it’s better for long-term ogling.”
John glowers at Crowley, who just grins back smugly.
“Not possible,” Cas promises. “No other flavor of pudding is acceptable.”
Dean grabs Castiel’s wrist and wrenches it. Knuckles drive into his cheek to knock him off balance. Castiel straightens up and puts his other hand on Dean’s shoulder, but it’s only grabbed, there’s no tolerance to be found.
“That’s not what I said.” Death watches him without blinking and Castiel is beginning to see why humans don’t enjoy being stared at. “Over the course of our conversation, I’ve taken the liberty of looking ahead to see what becomes of you and your chosen bacterium if your future had unfolded on its current trajectory, and I have to say I’m extremely unimpressed with the idea of Dean bearing the Mark of Cain and then releasing the Darkness in the process of having it removed.”
Alarmingly, even through the agony he’s in, Castiel can detect faintly that there are angels prowling and searching. They aren’t near him, but at the very least they’re aware that it isn’t the human parent giving birth. None of them are close by. He’s in the veil, but he’s also still in the bunker and the bunker is warded.
and yet Dean was still freezing until right this second, bundled in his boyfriend’s fluffy wings. He shouldn’t be able to see them anymore now that he’s not hosting an angel, but according to Gabe since him and Cas had such a strong soul-to-grace connection or whatever it permanently altered his perception. Which is actually kind of awesome, because he loves being able to see and touch Cas’ wings.
“Dean Michael Winchester, you have nothing to apologize for,” Castiel tells him, as forcefully as possible without sounding angry or reproachful.
When John is finished barking at all of them for having the
For this incarnation of Lucifer I chose something a bit closer to season 5 Lucifer before the writers decided to make him "funny." It just fits better.
Dean breathes out and it turns into a quiet, uncomfortable laugh. He shakes his head. “Mom, you have
“I have orders. Those orders don’t come with explanations in the majority of cases. You’re physically well again. That should be sufficient.” Okay, that’s a lot more normal for Cas. Doesn’t mean it doesn’t piss him off.
how much it hurts, he can feel himself dying and his soul getting mutilated.
Trigger warnings in endnotes.
Missing one game, he decides, is inconsequential. And regardless, he files this away to report to his sister too. John Winchester needs to go.
Dean’s facial expression becomes blank, not that Cas can generally read expressions to begin with. “You do help,” he says after a moment in a tone of voice Cas also doesn’t understand. “You don’t gotta worry about owing me or anything. You help.”
“And you’ll stay here?”
“You shut up,” Castiel manages to spit, another string of gore dripping down from the corner of his mouth.
“Dude, if it was a different coach I wouldn’t even
It takes three minutes for Castiel to walk to the room Gabriel’s been issued. “How can I help?”
my seventeen minutes at no point resulted in Dallas getting a goal.”
A long silence.
Castiel rears in anger, splaying his wings. “You stupid son of a bitch,” he bellows, drawing one of Dean’s favorite expressions. “I am you! I find these consequences unacceptable! This is the worst mistake I’ve ever made and I have to fix it, but you’re too prideful to help me undo all of it.”
save, and then later I found out I should’a let ’em die. I guess I just always got it wrong.”
passes to Victor passes back to
“It’s really good you came back too, though. It would’ve really messed Dean up if you didn’t come back.”
“Uh. Yeah. I meant - never mind. What’re you still doing here, man?”
“Yeah, well… now I know better for next time. Who the hell were they and why were they so pissed?”
“Smile, Cas! It’s your daughter’s first birthday, don’t be so damn grumpy.”
“You totally blew it for me last night.”
“Can I have it?”
Dean nods slowly. “Okay.”
Cas sits at the table and sulks. At least that’s what it looks like he’s doing - Bobby didn’t know angels even
you. And look what you did.”
Cas insists.
Trigger warnings:
“Why?”
at it, ask anybody who’s known him more than five minutes. He throws things, and he yells at people he cares about, and he doubles down on his drinking. But this… this is different. It’s a different grief. Lots of times before it would’ve been an ugly and meaningless death, a body to burn. So this is different. Because Cas died specifically to make sure Dean wouldn’t, after blurting out apparently over a decade’s worth of
“I love you.”
Dean flinches at that one. “How the fuck do you know about that?”
“Huh.” Dean sounds sleepy. “Uh. Here…”
“Sure, Gabe.”
have been out there for some time, though, and at the nearest opportunity come barreling over to change with the third pair. Dean seems to miscalculate what he’s doing at the last second, slamming into the bench wall and toppling himself over it to land on several pairs of skated feet. Castiel reaches down with the hand not holding his stick to help his captain up.
He’s totally not fleeing. Totally. Just getting a beer. Like a normal fucking guy. Plus he just got outta Hell, he deserves beer. Dean makes it all the way to the fridge and nothing is still happening. No cracks, no demons, no hellhounds, no Alastair…
It takes a minute for Dean to figure out which way is up. This blackness is grabbing and pressing him from every direction at once, which is pretty annoying first of all and second… super confusing. But he figures it out eventually and stands up. And he can’t see
“This conversation was scheduled and we need to keep having it.” Raphael grabs him by the arm.
when he was sober. And he caught me once, with…” Fuck. Fuck. Dean can’t even say it. He breathes. “I got hit before that. I got hit after that, too. But that’s the only time he ever took off his belt. This was a special kinda ass-kicking. So uh. So can you just stop tryna tell me how it’s okay, please? ’Cause it ain’t okay.”
“I’ll be home for part of the week,” he says, very slowly. “After kindergarten on Thursday you’re going to take the other bus to Aunt Anna’s apartment instead. I’ll be back next week on Wednesday and I’ll call while I’m on the road.”
“Yep! She gave me gummy worms and a nougat bar and I got to watch three episodes of Dora in a row!”
“A severe understatement.”
shut up about Cas. I practically know where he gets his teeth cleaned now thanks to you.”
“Hester once commented that the moment I laid a hand on Dean’s soul in Hell, I was doomed. Or something to that effect.”
shirts underneath. Cas is going to head into battle against an archangel soon with something that belongs to him. That fucks him up a little to think about. At least Cas seems happy, now.
“Man, tomorrow’s the big day,” Dean chuckles. “You’re gonna be you and I’m gonna be me again.”
Cas instantly begins writing.
immediately slaps the puck back to Castiel so he can take a shot - it sails over the goalie’s shoulder but clangs obnoxiously off the crossbar and bounces away.
“Dean, I promise, if anything happens I’ll come to you like you said.”
comments beside him.
“But I have Dean.”
When Dean lies down to sleep that night, he has no idea. He has no idea that he’s at the beginning of the end, that he’s hanging by the last shred of control before he starts to slide downwards again. He has no idea that tomorrow night Charlie will be killed by a monster and he’ll fall right over the edge the second it happens. He has no idea that Sam and Cas won’t stop trying to save him from it.
The fans are all singing along with the goal song as they skate back to the bench, bumping fists with their teammates on the way by. Dean ends up sandwiched between Benny and Castiel.
It’s a lot different to watch his team through a tv screen instead of from the bench where he belongs, and even in the past with injuries that kept him out for multiple games at a time he never really got used to it. Dean still tries to pay attention a little bit to how they’re pulling together without him, and - shocker - they seem to be doing just fine now that they’ve had time to adjust.
Warmups finish without any incidents, they get their typical “do better you worthless dumbasses” speech from John, the checking line and the second D-pair are sent to start, everyone stands for the Star Spangled Banner. Dean keeps his eyes fixed on his younger guys out on the ice, making mental notes like he always does about stuff they could stand to work on during their next practice. Alan needs to be just slightly more decisive in his passes; Kenny keeps getting himself stapled into the sideboards and should learn to avoid that better. Ed and Harry work well together like always, unless one of them gets traded Dean can already tell they’ll be lifelong lineys.
“I feel the need to point out that the situation being ‘bad’ in the first place was entirely your fault,” Castiel says flatly before squirting water onto his face to cool himself.
“I don’t think you made a particularly good impression on him.”
Trigger warnings:
“Alright,” Cas agrees. “What would you like to say, Dean?”
Cas snaps.
“Yeah, but we gotta still talk about-”
“You hurt Dean,” is Jack’s response, and Gabriel is so, so proud of him for that. His emotions are obvious on his face, sadness tinted over betrayal and rage. “You made Hell and the demons and all kinds of bad things. You’re a
“Well, welcome to the better New York hockey team, I’m Dean Winchester and I’ll be your captain for probably about one season before my dad gets too disappointed and demotes me back down to an A.”
A thoughtful frown, and then Jack puts on his best smile. “Well, since Dean broke the spell on your wings, I think he should be your mate,” he insists. “Just like in Disney movies.”
“Oh come
“It’s okay, Uncle Gabe, I think you’re funny,” Jack smiles, even though he’s never met Crowley and clearly doesn’t get the punchline of the prank.
“Yes, that’s probably true,” Cas nods, completely missing Dean’s cynical humor like always. And then somehow his face gets even more serious than usual. “Dean, I know that you’re generally not well-acquainted with your emotions and that you have, putting it nicely, extensive psychological trauma. It’s not reasonable to expect you to be the best at communicating your problems or needs. But I am going to ask that you put in some amount of effort to do so instead of holding everything inside and waiting for it to explode at an inopportune moment.”
“Dean…”
“As much as possible, otherwise I’ll risk screaming at him again,” Cas admits.
“Yeah, actually, remind me to kick your ass later for also not telling me.”
“Number seventy, second line.”
“Zeppelin’s overrated,” Sam says, very randomly.
for Dean. So if that’s all you’re here for, please find something else to do, preferably without also taking out your hyper and excessive restlessness on Jack or Sam!”
“A Nephilim. Half human and half angel, they’re a rare phenomenon thankfully but they’re certainly something you could call ‘bad news.’ They present an unchecked level of raw power.”
“I-what?”
“So what happens to Sammy when he tries to use any of that shit?” Dean wonders, eyeing his brother’s pile of hair products.
“Well, I’m feeling nice about it today, so it’s harmless. Half the stuff is just rearranged to be in different bottles so he’ll use the wrong thing. The other half are gonna explode-”
Fingertips feather lightly through the hair on the back of his head and he commits every aspect of the brief sensation to memory, knowing there’s no other possible chances for him to feel it ever again. Like the kiss. Given the opportunity to do so he would take several thousand kisses with Dean, but unfortunately for both of them no such opportunity exists. So he settles for a second one. He will vanish back to the Empty with two kisses from his love to keep in his memory for eternity.
I was watching
“Your teammates can stick up for their own damn selves, Dean, you don’t gotta be picking fights left and right every time someone goes down on the ice.”
“I didn’t know. And while I suppose I could technically go back and attempt to correct that error, after what’s happened in the past couple of weeks I wouldn’t dare risk doing so and only making the situation even worse.” Huh. Okay, maybe Cas is learning after all. Whod’a thunk it. “Dean, I need to know, what did he do differently? Why could you forgive him and not me?”
“I have no doubts in regards to your parenting abilities.”
“Yeah, I know, but in this case it’s actually true. I suck at feelings, first of all.”
Handcuffed now by being unable to draw something he enjoys, Cas frowns at his blank piece of paper for almost ten minutes without putting down a single line. Looking from the corner of his eye, he tries to see what Dean is sketching and is surprised to find his friend taking the exercise very seriously. It looks like a thin rope, or perhaps a very thick string, that’s being brought out on the sheet of printer paper.
“’Cause it’s good. Now lemme ask you something, Cas.”
It takes six days for Castiel to be strong enough to get out of bed for more than a few moments. This morning, Dean is out hunting a rugaru while Sam holds down the fort, which is very convenient for Castiel because he needs to tell Sam about a recent discovery.
“No.” Castiel firmly shakes his head.
Cas sounds neutral, but Dean can feel his friend’s disappointment like ice crystals shooting across his nerves.
“Now what?” Prior-Castiel demands, shoving his hands into his coat pockets and adjusting how his wings are folded against his back in irritation.
“I need my ativan,” he insists, much louder this time.
“I didn’t say anything to him!” Cas snaps, like he has
“Until you
“Exactly. And Hell?”
“That’s unfortunate, you seem very intelligent.”
“Why are they even up at this hour, are they
“He did, but not in this sense. Don’t be dense, Castiel.”
“Both,” Dean admits. “Just - wing trouble, that’s all.” He suddenly remembers he’s got coffee and takes a sip, but it’s only warm instead of hot. Soon it’ll be room temperature and undrinkable. “Listen, Mom, um. I’m sorry for this. For being… I know it ain’t what you wanted, just like how you didn’t want me to grow up into a hunter, and-”
Through more effort than he’s put into the first half of the hockey game tonight (which is saying a lot), Castiel manages not to have a complete shutdown of all his mental functions. He sinks into the dark surrounding him and waits for the second intermission, at which point he’ll be examined again by the medical staff and a determination will be made as to whether he can get back on the ice for the 3rd.
“I have the feeling that’s not what you’re actually trying to say to me.”
Crowley’s name isn’t actually Crowley, but everyone calls him that because for one thing he’s seriously a fucking demon and a couple of the guys have seen way too many episodes of
Dean huffs at him. “Sure, go ahead.”
“You’re not expendable,” he growls. “Quit talking like I’m more important than you.”
“Okay, what am I getting signed up for?” Dean groans.
It doesn’t matter that much. Everything’s going gray anyway. He loses feeling in parts of his body, his lungs aren’t working anymore. He can go now.
“Dean?”
Castiel gripes.
“Sure.”
1. John Winchester.
“Dean,” Cas rasps hoarsely through the mask as his friend slowly comes in. “I’ve had a very unpleasant day today…”
“A buddy’a mine had it, too.” Dean breaks eye contact in favor of watching the wall to his side. “I don’t wanna talk about it.”
“John Winchester will mark you as a healthy scratch for at least two games after the stunt you pulled, especially after you got uppity with him about it.”
Right as Dean’s starting to black out, Cas reaches him and grabs him by the shoulder. It takes almost four times as long as normal for Dean to get back to a hundred percent, and unlike every other time this has happened the process is
“No, I don’t think,” he decides. He needs to say this, because Cas is about to be erased, apparently, so he won’t get another really good chance. He can be brave. It ain’t like he hasn’t already said it, kinda. “I know. In the crypt, when I said that to you. I meant it, okay? Both those things. I meant them. I forgive you, Cas.” He lets the rest of the words echo in their ears because they won’t come out of his mouth.
“Dean’s right,” Sam interjects. “Are there um. Signs to look for, maybe? Anything to indicate where it’ll be born? Maybe we can find them and protect them.”
Dean, Benny, Cas, Crowley, Kevin. They gather around the dot on Frank’s left side, the linesman lets go of the puck, Crowley whacks it down to Benny who immediately takes off around the back of the net. Two Bolts try to gang up on him, but the thing about Benny is he’s big and he sure as hell ain’t moving any direction he doesn’t want to go in - which means he just shoves his way right through both of them, keeping possession of the puck the whole time.
“I’ll be fine,” Castiel says… or rather, attempts to say. He’s not able to complete the sentence before he’s vomiting all over the table and then collapsing out of his chair.
“Okay. So like. You got a name or something?”
Speaking of Gabriel.
“What about Meg?”
“Yes, Gabriel, I’m here,” Cas groans, peeling his eyes open and staring blearily at his phone. “How are you?”
“My doctor and my therapist both warned me about this. Especially considering the extent of my injuries and how they’ve rendered me helpless, I may be prone to depression during the recovery period. I believe I’m experiencing some of that.”
Nightmares. Always nightmares. Castiel doesn’t look and simply redirects Dean’s subconscious to happier thoughts.
“Wanna run an errand with me, bucko?”
“Alright, alright, I think we can stop here.” The angel blades get stowed and they wander out into the hall. Jack’s feathers are all floofed in a way that betrays his annoyance, except in spots where they’re matted down. Gabriel frowns at his young nephew, noticing more and more patches of bent and broken feathers the longer he looks. “Nobody taught you to groom your wings, did they?”
for a plan, all you can do is come here and tell me how much of a fuckup you are? ’Cause I gotta say, Cas, that ain’t news to me. Sam and Bobby kept telling me you were up to something and I didn’t wanna believe them, but now I guess I got no choice, huh?”
“Done,” Dean says immediately.
Seventy subscribers! Know that you all give me life just through the simple act of paying attention to me and my absurdity :D
“Cas, if you don’t like women, why’d you let me take you to the whorehouse?” Dean blurts out, because now he’s gotta know.
whips it into the sideboards to pass indirectly to Kevin and Kevin bolts away from them all towards the other end.
Trigger warnings:
Any distraction is important. It helps disguise him. Angelic thought, even for him when he’s technically fallen, is generally too pure not to be noticed. So he proceeds with every possible impure thought he can come up with. Naturally, the majority of them involve Dean.
“That’s great, Cas, now the rest of it.” Apparently Dean already knows what’s going on, or at least thinks he does. “About… Heaven brainwashing you or whatever.”
“You skip therapy half the time.”
“Um… pepperoni and extra cheese. Why?”
“Sammy. This is Cas. Cas, he a demon?”
Castiel makes himself imperceptible and watches the Impala approach. Once it’s parked, he’s grateful to see Sam getting out of the driver’s seat. Dean’s in a terrible state. He walks slowly and slightly hunched over to protect his fractured ribs, but his entire posture sulks with hopelessness. Castiel’s trueform spasms and his grace thrashes violently inside his vessel, demanding that he march over and heal the fragile, broken creature that’s currently limping into the motel room. He can’t, though… at least, not yet. Not when anyone’s there to witness. Sam is not a fan of him at the moment.
“Castiel!” Gabriel waves at him in a deliberately goofy manner. “You won’t
“You’re gonna get me some pie,” Dean demands, glaring at Sammy as he grabs the book from the top of the stack.
“You boys eat cement for dinner?” he asks, slowly pacing around the locker room as the guys are absently toweling their heads and necks. “Or did you just decide that since this is
“How’d you get a headache, Cas?” Dean asks, crawling up beside him and cuddling him from the side.
“I’ll… try to keep that in mind, yes.”
Eileen nods, then elbows Sammy.
“I’m not sure what I can do. Sam is my friend and you can’t coerce a human into loving you. A book on angel magic would be an excellent gift for him if it wasn’t such a dangerous object.”
He’s flash-flooded with guilt now for not realizing that Dean’s distress had been growing as his wings became more and more capable. It’s the most obvious conclusion, Dean has severe abandonment issues packed in with the rest of his trauma.
“Fine, I guess. Physical therapy sucks and I hate not being out on the ice with you.”
And Cas believes that, because it’s Dean saying it. He trusts Dean, feels safe with Dean. Dean who right now is being the “big spoon.” The nurses who do checks every half hour don’t like it, but Dean repeatedly got cranky with them and refused to budge, and by now they’ve given up trying to get Cas back to his side of the room.
“So… our daughter is a Prophet.”
“Course you are…”
A reluctant nod. “Okay. And if we stop him, that keeps a lot of people safe.”
“Yes.”
A great big thanks to everyone who comments, left kudos, and/or subscribed! You're wonderful and I love you all even if I don't particularly love this fic that much :D
And then the last fucking thing he wants to hear comes: angel wings, followed by a flat and indifferent “Hello, Dean.”
Sam was right. This is his fault.
Naomi wonders if he thinks he’s being threatening. “Perhaps it’s the astounding levels of arrogance you both display,” she muses, then flies out of the motel before he can reply or - more likely - make some futile attempt to attack.
“I KNOW YOU’RE HURT DEAN. MICHAEL ACTS THE WAY YOU’RE ACTING WHEN HE GETS HURT. WHAT DID YOU DO?”
“Well, it’s not,” Castiel snaps impatiently. “Even a ‘harmless’ curse is unacceptable. Try the internet for ideas, I’m sure you’ll find something. I have to go.”
- he is. The ultrapowerful force that’s been observing him as he leapt through time is present, and in fact standing right behind him. Castiel turns to look and a thrill of trepidation washes through him, because all cognizant beings, even God, fear Death.
“Isn’t he here to see you as well?”
Sensing that he’s being dismissed, Castiel leaves without a word to do exactly that. He changes back into the suit he wore to the arena, packs up his gearbag while tuning out John Winchester’s already familiar
“That must be nice,” Dean mutters in a tone of voice that Castiel doesn’t understand.
“Sure, yeah. Sounds good.”
Dean snickers and relaxes again, snug and comfy in the arms and wings of his archangel. John’s probably rolling in his grave, but for once Dean’s able to not give a shit about that. It feels too nice.
“Set him down, Sammy. Here, take her, I’ll take care of Cas.” Castiel is gently manhandled by his boyfriend and eventually ends up in bed with burn dressings plastering his hands. Dean begins wiping the blood off his face, speaking softly. “Did other angels do this? Were they already there?”
Ninety six subscribers! Platonic forehead-kisses for all the readers <3
and not at best the butt of a universal joke?
“I could say that.”
to go through them all, and getting smacked with the backwash of all Cas’ bad memories over and over again like this is enough to make Dean wanna shoot himself. It hurts him, too, in a way that’s not residual. It hurts him to know that Cas has been walking around with this pain, this grief, this
“I know. I’m glad I managed to survive.”
“Yeah, that makes sense.” And he leaves to go for his morning run.
“So, let’s get you all loaded up with cavities,” Gabriel jokes, reaching into a cargo pocket on his pants and producing lemon pudding cups, Snickers bars, and three individually wrapped cookies - white chocolate chips and macadamia nuts. “I checked first, you can just keep this stuff here and it’s totally fine.”
“Okay.” Dean nods a little bit and then sinks into the pillow and the awful, shitty mattress from the 50s. He doesn’t mean to fall asleep and when he wakes up again it’s been like a day and a half. “Sammy?”
“Well - that’s great! That’s great, Cas, that means they won’t be allowed to go after her!”
“That you’re humbled and honored and grateful for the opportunity?” he jokes.
“Yeah but maybe you should take this one, you’re his dad, Cas.”
Charlie squeals.
“Oh, fantastic. Can I be stuck with somebody less crazy?” Dean snaps.
“Not by choice. Naomi had performed… a procedure. It seems very likely that she did it a number of times. I was effectively an oversized marionette and she had my strings in her hands. You were protecting a valuable angelic artifact that she desired in her bid for power, and she only let you live that long because it was secured in a box that was warded against angels. I couldn’t open it and get it for her. Afterwards I was supposed to take it from you and bring it to her in Heaven, but fortunately you’re very intelligent and understood that something was wrong. This culminated in her trying to kill you through me.”
“Maybe not. But…” Dean stops and thinks for a second. “Y’know, my dad was a great hunter, and I loved him. But he wasn’t an easy guy to be around. And there’s a lotta times I didn’t think he loved me back. If I had a chance now to have him back, I don’t think…” Cas nudges him internally to finish his thought, to finally admit it, not just to Jack but to himself. “No. I
“Really.” Crowley eyes him with an expression he can’t read, but thankfully also switches languages. “You came to me now, at this time at night - to conspire about something?”
Cas, so Dean focuses on that instead, on his friend’s face. Usually he’s so fucking grim, even after falling and experiencing humanity, but right now he just looks sad. But not for himself. He’s sad for Dean, always for Dean, almost everything he’s ever done has been for Dean. Hell, right now he’s hanging out somewhere under Dean’s skin, with no agency over himself except to prop up the dead weight of Dean’s broken body.
“Crowley, unfortunately,” he groans. “I’d like to get Dean to agree, but I don’t know if that’s even remotely possible. Kevin is a likely candidate, and one of our goalies… the angry one.”
about this. What would’ve been your choice?”
“Yeah. But Cas you… y’know, happiness ain’t in the having, because you can’t have what you actually want and all that, but you never even asked me if it’s something you can have.”
Castiel sits, listening to the quiet of the bunker. Night has come and the refugees are adequately situated in various areas without complaint. Castiel understands enough about humanity at this point to realize that many people would be irritated at the very least if they were forced to cohabitate rooms meant for smaller numbers of bodies, but these aren’t that type of people. They’ve faced unimaginable hardship for decades and are grateful just for soft bedding and clean clothes and fresh food. Many of them, upon learning of the possibility of hot showers, were reduced to tears on the spot.
“Yes, sometimes. I thought that was normal.”
“I don’t know. I’ve never tried it before. But the Empty is still weakened, so right now we have a good chance to rescue Castiel.”
Castiel, on many levels, feels terrible for Dean. He can’t imagine how insufferable it would’ve been for him if he’d had to spend his entire career on a team coached by Chuck, even if Chuck Shurley and John Winchester have very different brands of “I clearly have no idea how to be a decent parent” plastered to them. And it of course makes him think of Jack, who’s energetic and happy and incredibly bright. Castiel wonders if Dean was ever allowed to be like that, or if it was stamped out of him as early as possible by an aggressive hockey parent determined to force him into the NHL at age eighteen.
Dean swallows. “Then quit dying on me.”
Castiel is no longer in Bobby’s kitchen. That aside, he has no way to ascertain where - or
“Okay. Sure.”
Group therapy after lunch comes and goes like usual, and then there’s a surprise during visiting hours that Cas sees signing in at the nurses’ station: “I’m here to see Castiel.”
Future-Cas, hopefully, won’t be the one who responds to the prayer he’s about to make. Dean’s pretty sure he’ll be able to tell if it’s the right Cas who shows, they look different enough if he’s paying attention. Future-Cas is so god damn exhausted and pale like something’s sucking on his grace maybe. That should be enough of an indicator.
Of course he’s now going to spend several hours pulling rubber cement out of his feathers while trying not to damage them or yank them loose. He
sideblog just for this one fic in progress :D it's a huge undertaking and I need to randomly yell about it, so if an AU with a good long slowburn, Saileen, Dysfunctional Angel Family Dynamics TM, Dysfunctional Winchester Family Dynamics TM, and five-year-old Jack sounds interesting to you, come look
“Repetitive.”
“Dude, I don’t fucking know anymore. If you want a job with rules that make sense you’re in the wrong place.”
Gabriel, to his credit, does sound genuinely curious, so Castiel feels compelled to answer him.
“Dean, that’s. That’s not funny anymore.”
“Not worth the effort,” Dean shrugs.
“Is that effective?”
“SO YOU’LL JUST WAIT UNTIL YOU RETIRE? DEAN I KNOW YOU AND I KNOW YOU’RE LONELY BEING LIKE THIS” Sam argues. “I WISH YOU WOULD JUST LET YOURSELF BE HAPPY”
“It’s fine, man.” He scratches behind his ear for a second as a way to stall. “Listen, buddy, most’a the team doesn’t know I’m gay, so like. Don’t go around talking about it to nobody, okay?”
makes five saves in four seconds - the final one hits his blocker and goes flying up out of play. The whistle goes.
“I do insist, dammit,” he grins. “And in a couple months, on my birthday, you’ll see how the team usually does it. Adults can have fucking birthday parties, dude. Next year you’ll get a real one too.”
“Yes. He’s also an incredible pain in the ass for every second I spend in his presence aside from the ones where we’re physically on the ice during a game.”
“Yeah, prob’ly,” Dean shrugs, seemingly unbothered.
Cas reaches inside and pulls out a flannel overshirt. “But why?”
“I’ll try.”
“You killed me about five thousand times, I feel like that’s a pretty big cause’a stress in our relationship,” Dean snaps.
“You’re not broken, Dean,” Cas whispers. “I wish there was a way to make you see that. But I will always take you as-is. There are no fundamental aspects to your being that I would ever desire to alter. You know… your capacity for love and compassion knows no bounds, and yet you refuse to allow yourself any of it. You deserve to be loved too.”
“Yes, sir.” Dean flees into the hallway so that he doesn’t end up as the target of all that building wrath.
of being laid up and helpless - after I had top surgery I was t-rex armed for three weeks and couldn't drive or anything until the damn wound drains came out, and total my recovery was three months until I got more or less back to normal. So I was stuck in the recliner in my living room telling myself over and over that this was only temporary. I'm not sure I would've made it through without hockey matches and AO3.
“Uh…” Dean’s brain trips and goes sprawling right on its face when Cas asks that. “I’unno, Cas, it’s different for everybody. I guess, uh, a lotta times it’s like. Little things you do to show you care. Once in awhile somethin’ big, too. Like.” He can’t fucking he believe he’s about to say this. “Like answering prayers before I even knew about angels. Showing up to stop Dad when he was kicking my ass. Wiping yourself outta existence just to help me. That kinda shit.”
to be winning the game currently (
Of the three of them, Prior-Castiel is the only one operating at full capacity, which is a problem. Castiel can feel the Tablet beginning to actively disrupt his grace and its power is causing friction burns on his trueform. He’s in pain, notably weak. He’s not sure he’ll be able to do much good in this fight besides being a potential distraction. Meanwhile Gabriel is barely above half-strength, having been held captive and tortured by a Prince of Hell for over a year.
Castiel shakes his head slowly, and recalls something Dean said to him, many years ago. “No. You had a choice. You just made the wrong one.”
“GET READY FOR THIS” is what Eileen starts with. “TWINS. A BOY AND A GIRL”
Cas thinks aggressively.
having this kid-”
“What’d he say?”
“Yes. As soon as you find him, I’ll pull you both out.”
Castiel loses his mouthguard when the blood pouring from his nose gets in his mouth and he clumsily tries to spit it back out. The end result is him drooling red down his chest and ruining yet another away game jersey. The medical trainers lead him away to get seen, which is an irritating process of them determining that it’s not a complex break. His nose is snapped painfully back into place, they shove absorbent material into each of his nostrils, a plastic bubble replaces the eye visor of his helmet and he’s sent back out to the bench.
The arena sings along with the goal song as his teammates mob around him, gently slapping his helmet and shoulders. Their voices blend together, yelling incoherently about him already having two hat-tricks when it’s only their fifth game of the season. Castiel tolerates the jostling as much as he can until he’s released and skates back to the bench, bumping knuckles with every teammate along the way. The blade of their backup goalie’s stick slaps him on the ass as he steps off the ice and turns to sit - ultimately he settles between Victor and Kevin, which is fine, because he knows they’ll leave him alone.
“I don’t care,” Castiel abruptly decides. “He was being needlessly cruel and someone needed to put a stop to it. Since nobody else saw fit to do so, it had to be me. How is this team so spineless in the face of being wronged?”
They will speak about Dean’s actions, and soon, but for now there’s another (arguably more pressing) conversation that needs to take place. Castiel tells Dean and Jack to sit together for awhile and watch one of those historically inaccurate cowboy films Dean’s so fond of, promising to come back shortly to enjoy it with them after he resolves one minor issue.
Jack is entirely too excited about that idea, but when Castiel rolls his eyes, it’s out of fondness and amusement.
Dean sometimes almost believes the hockey gods are actual entities, so he knows he has no room to talk about jinxing things. “DO YOU KNOW WHAT IT IS YET”
“While that’s true, I do know how
” Dean scoffs.
Crowley has completely derailed whatever it is John was trying to berate them for, now segued into an anecdote about something ridiculous that happened to him when he played for Traktor Chelyabinsk in the KHL, which Castiel devotes exactly zero effort into following along with.
This fight scene was
“I don’t think you’ll want to hear it, Dean. It’s very unpleasant. But I will tell you that for a long time, you’ve been much more than an assignment to me. We’re close friends and I’ve learned a lot about humanity from you and your brother.”
“What’s goin’ on with you, brother?” Benny asks on his left.
“Yes, I know. I also wish that. I don’t regret taking Jack.”
Finally that goes away too. Dean wipes his face on his palm and tries to get his breaths to stop shaking, and he stares into an empty white room. Cas is standing in the middle, perfectly still, back to Dean.
“Yeah, buddy, I know you are, but maybe you shouldn’t keep being sorry and just… not do shit that hurts people in the first place. Jack’s god now, we don’t have any big cosmic dicks after us anymore, so don’t go feeling like you should still be running around behind me and Sam’s backs making suicide deals.” He tries really hard not to sound angry about this, and mostly, he’s not. He’s worried. He’s afraid.
“How the hell did you find us?” Dean demands, standing up and glaring at Gabriel, who’s munching on a large bag of M&M candies.
Oh. It’s Dean. Castiel is able to relax just enough that he can slip out of his gloves and jerkily sign “QUIET ROOM” to his captain, because every time he takes a hit to the head his mouth stops working. He may or may not be concussed but either way he needs the dark and the relative silence because otherwise he’ll be on sensory overload.
can feel the awkwardness contained in that sentence. “But you are still my brother. I don’t really agree with what Raphael has to say about you. If you need help in the future, you can ask.”
Why did I use Dean's lines from the production script instead of what actually aired? Because it worked better for the fic and also because I'm the writer and I liked it more :D
“You lost, Uncle Gabe,” Jack is giggling.
The jacket and trenchcoat go back on over top, but Dean still knows Cas has on one of
As they’re all sitting and shucking their pads, Dean glances around to make sure his dad really left and the door’s closed. He sits up straight and takes a deep breath before making a tiny, rare act of rebellion.
“I have thought about it,” Dean grunts, shoving past Sam and lying on the bed in their shitty little infirmary. “Should I take off my shoes and get comfy?” he jokes, looking at Jack now.
“Okay.” Dean sets down his mug and rubs his face in both hands. “What’s going on, Mom? You’re making me nervous.”
“Y’know what, you can go to hell, Gabe. One, that was a fucking accident, and B, me and Cas would probably be
“I didn’t know,” Cas interrupts. “It took me a very long time to figure out and put a name to the emotion, or at least with the romantic connotations specifically.” He gives Dean a
know that he watches you like a conflicted former lover?”
With his heart rate up again but the adrenalin rush not quite restarting, all Dean can notice anymore is the pounding agony in his hand. He can’t catch a pass and the puck glides away from him to find the stick of a Tampa player, and they all run for the Isles’ defensive zone. Thank fuck, the Lightning gets called on an offside, and both teams change shifts for forward lines as well as D-pairs. Dean sits on the bench between Cas and Victor.
Castiel’s first choice in candidates are humans who were previously involved in religious affairs for obvious reasons. Nuns, priests, deacons, etcetera - it proves surprisingly difficult to filter through and find the ones who fit Castiel’s exacting standards for loyalty, intelligence, and compassion towards humanity. All three criteria must be met, and while Castiel can tell just by glancing at their souls, the problem is that there are just so damn many to sort through.
“Oh, no,” Gabriel groans. “You only came to rescue me so you can save your boy-toy from something, didn’t you?”
A nod. She looks so tired. “You’re welcome.”
“What’s with all the shouting?” Sam hisses, marching into the room. “There’s a baby sleeping less than a hundred feet from you g… oh. That uh. That makes sense.”
“Dean’s fate should be the least of your concerns.”
“No, I understand, I was just extremely shocked,” Cas says eventually. “I wasn’t expecting you to say that, or to reciprocate my feelings.”
“You’re fine, man. Eat your damn pudding.”
Dean has gotten away with not saying the most important parts of things for years and years and years. And Cas said part of happiness is saying it. So Dean should probably suck it up and fucking say what he means for once, because if he does Cas might stay this time.
“Cas!” Dean yells, dropping hard onto his knees. “Cas…” He grabs Cas by the shoulder and shakes - nothing. “Cas, c’mon man, wake up… Cas. Cas! Dammit, I gotta get you outta here, c’mon!”
Right now, Dean’s lying on Cas, who’s lying on a beach towel over the sand. They’re in direct sunlight in Florida at fucking
Death settles in the chair, placing Castiel’s fate book on the table beside him and crossing one leg over the other with his folded hands resting on top. It takes a second for Castiel to realize that he’s waiting for a response.
When the bastard vanishes right in front of their eyes mid-sentence, Dean kinda figures that maybe Cas didn’t have a choice about disappearing on them.
“Presumably the immense emotional strain by itself exhausted you even without accounting for everything else,” Cas speculates calmly. “How are you feeling, Dean?”
“Yes, I know. I like you, Dean. We should be friends.”
Castiel can only shout without words, overwhelmed now and unable to voice the warning. For a brief moment he almost detects some unpleasant sensation - what humans may refer to as “bad vibes” - but it’s drowned out as he orgasms. His fingers clench in the sheet and he pulls Dean right after him, leaving the both of them in a gasping and trembling pile on the mattress. He experiences an odd sense of foreboding about something but instantly forgets when Dean sucks a kiss against the back of his neck.
Cas has spent all of day ninety six drawing page after page of bees until there’s a stack of these papers on the desk in his room. He’s waiting - waiting for the phone to ring, for Sam to call with tragic news that something happened to Dean and Cas will never see or hear him again. It’s not a “real” panic attack, so the nurses won’t give him his ativan no matter how many times he asks, because benzodiazepines can be troublesome or something along those lines. They don’t want him to become addicted.
“No, but I know you both well enough to know that he was agreeing with me.” She rolls her eyes at him and pushes the box closer - he forgot it was even there. “I bought this pie just for you. Eat it.”
“People I couldn’t save.” Dean takes a deep breath. “Other people who… who I
“Tha’s jus’ mean, man…” Dean slurs. “Ain’they s’posed’ta be helpin’ you an’ shit?”
Castiel can’t stand to be touched by most people anyway, and normally hockey pads make it more bearable but he’s in pain and he may have a concussion now so he takes a peek to see who he’s about to tell to fuck right off.
“Uh…” The word totally catches him off guard. “Yeah, I guess so.”
Castiel stumbles away to hide in the dungeon while he waits to be sucked out of the material realm. As he sits on the floor he becomes wracked with tremors and his nose starts to bleed - it won’t be long, now. He wishes Dean could be present, could be aware of what’s truly going on. He wishes he was human like Dean, and could give birth in a hospital with Dean holding his hand through it. He wishes this could be a joyous occasion instead of a monumentally dangerous and terrifying experience.
Castiel refocuses on his chest, which isn’t difficult seeing how that’s where his pain is centralized. It takes a moment to occur to him that when an angel touches a human’s soul, they reach through the human’s chest. And that’s what this is. There is a soul, a human soul, which is trapped inside his body and trying to escape. If he can’t remove it, it’ll tear him to pieces. And so Castiel forces himself to take a large breath before reaching in with one hand.
“I thought Cas’ wings still don’t work,” his brother says, confused.
be a legal check, but hard enough to really get the message across.
“How far away is he?” is Sam’s first question when all the important people have been gathered up in the war room.
“Hello, Castiel.”
“Yeah, and you didn’t get me then either,” Gabriel spits, twirling his archangel blade so he can adjust his grip on it.
“Today’s Monday, Monday is pasta.”
Because he’s
“What did you wanna be when you grew up, Dean?”
“Alright, cut the crap, Dean. What’re you here for?” Bobby demands.
“My crippling-ass mental health issues aside, I also just like having you around. Sammy won’t sit with me and watch
“Cas, you awake?”
“So wait, two siblings? Who else besides Anna?”
“I’m getting your other uncle a new computer. But it needs to be a really nice one, which is where you come in, because you actually spend time using this crap and know more about it than I do. Plus, you can be my witness when he inevitably suspects me of pranking him with the lovely gift I’m about to buy. He’ll believe you when you tell him that I didn’t tamper with it in any malicious way.”
“You’re welcome.”
“You don’t need to say anything about it if you don’t want, Dean. I’m just glad that you know at all, it’s been weighing on me for some time and it’s freeing that I finally told you the truth.”
“Super,” Dean grumbles. “I don’t know if you noticed, but I kinda suck at the whole feelings thing…”
but he has no idea what to say and he guesses Cas doesn’t either. Part of Dean’s problem is he’s not actually sure how he feels about this. And all that happens when he tries to untangle this shit is remembering the one time his dad fucking thrashed him for looking at another boy a few seconds too long. (Or something like that. Dean doesn’t actually remember
is apparently the barrier that kept Cas from asking for his help. Dean manages to pay attention to the whole thing but that one part sticks in his mind all the way through.
“Yeah, okay.”
being mocked,” Dean snorts. “You’re fine, buddy. Plus you should know by now, Benny ain’t a mean guy, he’s good people.”
“Ughn…” Dean hears himself groan, but he didn’t actually make that noise on purpose. “Sunuva bitch…” Shit, he’s drooling a little bit. “Cas, you better be here after that…”
“Dean, are we now in a relationship?”
“Your primaries are longer than my legs.”
Not even a twitch.
sulk until now. Well, good. Jackass can sit there and feel bad about things for awhile since all this is his fault in the first place.
Castiel desires very strongly to answer, but he doesn’t dare interfere with the course of time where Dean is involved. Things must happen as they always have, because otherwise his friend’s existence could become jeopardized. Instead he plucks a covert feather from his left wing and places it on the bed before flying away to find Layla Rourke.
Dean takes another sip of boozy-fruity deliciousness and raises his head a little bit, enough so he can see the ocean - just in time to watch Sam slap his huge arm across the surface of the water and send it spraying up into Gabe’s face and chest. Gabe’s response is to do the same thing, but with his wing. Sam actually falls over and goes under for a couple seconds before he pops back up again.
“Am I that predictable?” he deadpans.
“Thank you.”
positive or even neutral word to any of us as players. At least when I was with the Rangers, Zachariah, for all his pettiness and insecurity, knew when to praise the effort and victories of his team. You on the other hand seem to believe that if we’re presented with enough strict negative reinforcement we’ll magically shape into something that can’t possibly exist, such as an NHL team that goes undefeated for an entire season. Your expectations are unrealistic, your coaching style is unnecessarily harsh, and locker room morale is lower than average. If you could for one second acknowledge us as human beings who are mostly trying our best, I guarantee you’d see an immediate improvement. But you’re too stubborn for that, and instead you’re going to punish me for being right.”
“Spare me,” Castiel snaps. “Spare me your disbelief and outrage. You can see my wings and sense my grace. You know what I’m saying is true.” He almost lunges forward to forcibly share his memories of the past two years, but that would be incredibly dangerous. He’s not sure he can beat himself in a fight, especially with the Word of God lying inside his vessel and weighing him down. “What you’re attempting is nonsensical and reckless. You -
Wait. Wait. Why is Cas showing up in that memory.
Sure that’s all it is?”
The phone is given to Cas. “Alright, only I can hear you.”
“Cas, I really can’t do this now, okay? Can it at least wait a couple weeks until I’m not fucking dying anymore? ’Cause now I’mma just be stuck with this whole damn talk when I got more important shit to worry about.”
“I don’t know.” Castiel sucks another difficult breath. “But I should… reappear here in the bunker. I’ll slip through the veil.”
Cas tilts his head a little and squints. “Excuse me?”
Gabriel sweeps a hand through the air, smacking Lucifer’s legs out from under him, then drags him sideways by his wrist to slam him through more machinery like a bowling ball knocking into pins. That turns out to be a great choice, actually, because the impact is so hard and Gabriel’s grip on him is strong enough to snap his lower arm and dislocate his elbow.
Cas actually smiles a little bit, which by itself is rare. He doesn’t sit up or move on the cot, though. “If there was time, we should’ve built a nest…”
“But you don’t want your father having agency?”
“Mph… Dean?”
“Okay, how do I do this?”
“Yeah. Sure. Let’s go, Dean.”
“Okay, fine.” Dean scratches the side of his head over his ear. “Tell you one thing, though, I’mma be a better dad than my dad was even if it kills me.”
“I’m getting better about it,” Gabriel protests, trying (and failing) not to be too defensive. “Eat your salad, Gigantor.”
“How long ’til I get back to normal?”
“Are you sure?”
a gigantic ‘yes’ if I ever heard one.”
Dean tries not to laugh at that, because Benny actually texted him about it and the unusual volume of swear words Cas apparently used during the whole incident.
“Y’know what, kiddo, when it comes to something like this, you should do what your coach tells you, okay? I don’t wanna get you in trouble or nothing when you’re still learning.”
On the other side of the room, Dean is towelling his head and neck dry while Jack emulates his every movement; the moment culminates in them slapping high-five again, both with huge smiles. Dean twists open a fresh bottle of Gatorade and hands it to Jack, which can’t be easy considering his broken wrist. Watching this, Castiel feels the tiny bit of apprehension he had about Dean watching Jack next week dissolve. Dean is clearly a much better choice than hiring a babysitter that he doesn’t even know.
“Would a bullet be large enough?” Castiel questions. “Those knuckles work because of the sigils, but you need all of them for it to be effective. The carvings would have to be minute in order to fit properly.”
“Yes, well, Uncle Gabe is wrong,” Castiel says, releasing Jack back onto the floor. “The Senators are statistically one of the worst teams in the league and I won’t let him embarrass you by forcing you to wear a jersey with his number on it.”
at this point, y’know?” They meander over to a park bench and sit. Dean takes a few minutes to sum up everything him and Sammy and Cas have been through in the last couple years, including Mom coming back and all that weirdness. He finishes up by talking about apocalypse-world and the other Bobby. “He’s pretty awesome, but he ain’t you.”
“A sandwich,” Mary suggests.
The door slams open and Sam looks up from his laptop, because he knows that particular cadence of his brother stomping - Dean’s pissed. But there’s also another set of feet, and it makes sense about two seconds later when Dean comes into the kitchen dragging Cas by the collar of his trenchcoat. Dean shoves Cas down to sit in a chair and points an angel blade at him.
out of the millions and millions and fucking
Sam takes a sip of his coffee before saying anything else. “Can I think about it?”
“Dean.”
Victor snorts. “Can’t argue with that.” He slaps Castiel’s shoulder pad and they separate.
The tension as they go to Raphael’s office is so fierce that the wall panels around them are beginning to rattle. Castiel is apprehensive; he doesn’t think this will go well. Once they’re all sitting the proceedings begin with him giving a detailed explanation of the reason why he time-traveled, which Raphael listens to in complete silence. Curiously, the one who tries to interrupt the most is Prior-Castiel, who’s very interested in arguing about some of the details until Castiel uses a wing to smack him into the closest wall.
Jack should get to be a person and not an NHLer.
“MIDDLE OF MAY” his brother answers, still with a shit-eating grin. “WE WANTED TO WAIT A LITTLE BIT BEFORE TELLING ANYONE SO WE WOULDN’T JINX IT”
“Not long,” Castiel says, refusing to give away how discomforted he is. “Less than two weeks if I remember correctly.”
“Sam, you wanna go find him?”
Castiel winces as one of his feathers is pulled just slightly too hard. “Careful.”
you not to talk or think about it, because I don’t wanna talk or think about it either. There. Good talk.” He crams a piece of bacon into his mouth.
For some amount of time after that, Castiel tunes out the banter being exchanged between his prospective mate and his brother, instead choosing to mentally catalogue which requirements he’s met so far in regards to building Dean’s imitation-nest. For now, the success of this project hinges in large part on Mary, given that Dean will require the concrete acceptance of at least one of his original parental figures. For many obvious reasons, the absolute
Damn, Sam wasn’t kidding. They really
“Well, I’ve survived four and a half billion years without a mate, Jack. It’s not critical to my continued existence.” He reiterates a sentiment he often uses to make himself feel better about the platonic nature of his relationship with Dean.
Over the years, it’s understandably become less and less strange for Castiel to play in matches against the Oilers, until eventually it stopped feeling so odd at all. That distinction now belongs to the Rangers. The bright orange jerseys on the other bench are simply enemies to him, which is helped along by the fact that very few of the teammates he had when he was initially drafted into the NHL still wear Oilers uniforms at this point anyway.
Dean slowly spins back around to look at him. “Really. Well lemme ask you something - you fuck over
Castiel can’t do it anymore. He shakes his head and watches his feet. “I don’t own you, Dean. It’s only a manner of protection. You aren’t going to Hell again.” He starts to feel it - Naomi may be closing in and Heaven is about to notice that he isn’t supposed to be here. But with those things is a third presence, something else powerful that seems to be taking an interest in what he’s doing. He can’t tell what it is but it frightens him. “I must go, now. I believe a time will come very soon where you’ll need my assistance, and when that happens, pray. I’ll come for you.”
Castiel leaves, closing the door behind him, and once he’s a sufficient distance from their room allows himself the relief of gasping, heaving breaths. He presses a hand to the wall in order to steady himself and staggers to Sam’s room. It takes several knocks to elicit a response.
Dean slaps the angel’s arm away from him and sits up. For a second he thinks something’s off about Cas, but then he decides he doesn’t care and ignores it. “Thought you ain’t allowed.”
Bobby very obviously sizes Cas up. “Where’d you stash it? You got pockets in that coat?”
Bobby almost busts one of his fingers trying to unlock this damn box and he looks up with a growl. “Dean, you wanna…”
“Jack,” Cas interrupts, voice sharp and clearly unhappy with something. “Will you please fly Sam back to the bunker?”
“I know, I talked to him during practice, he’s gotta keep working on it,” Victor comments. “Hey, question for you.”
At least he won’t be in jeopardy for that reason. John Winchester certainly doesn’t like Castiel despite his decent performance on the ice so far; generally, it’s because Castiel doesn’t respond in a sufficiently subservient manner to the constant barrage of insults and unfair criticism sent everyone’s way by their head coach. Instead, he tends to argue and defend himself, which is a glaring affront to the man’s ego and dictator complex.
“What kind of pet?” Gabriel questions around a mouthful of Skittles that came from his jacket pocket.
“Oh, it’s your boyfriend!” Gabriel chortles.
“Presumably he’d have to punish everyone else as well.”
A head-shake. “Dude, my ‘natural way of living’ is drinking myself to sleep alone on my living room couch. Intrude all you want. You really gonna sit there saying shit like that when I’m being all vulnerable over here?”
“Whaddya mean, ‘oh?’ This is a great idea!”
“Alright, well - finish your breakfast.”
“Okay. Uh. He did mention you being gay as part of Raphael’s problem with you already, and I also think that Dean could take you in a fight. Guys, I’m here to help.”
The poor bastard seems really out of it right now, he’s pale like a corpse and Dean’s starting to wonder if he somehow got skinnier since the last time they saw each other. At least his nose and ears have stopped bleeding finally.
They hang up and Cas processes this information, considering the implications of what his sister has told him. Lucifer, in the past as far as he remembers it, did not particularly care one way or the other about what happened to Anna or Raphael. His most frequent targets had always been Michael and Cas, though Gabriel usually took the brunt of it on Cas’ behalf and Michael - to quote Dean - always kicked Lucifer’s ass six ways from Sunday.
“It is if you wanna pass inspection,” his brother snorts.
Backing up, Castiel gradually unfolds his wings from his back as he realizes them onto the material plane. Dean’s eyes grow enormous with wonder and obvious excitement.
“Yeah, actually, that’s not why Dean’s here, Cas,” Sam says. “And Dean, you
Gabriel, frankly, is shocked. (And kind of impressed. Maybe a little turned on. Sam’s such a sharp tack.) “How’d you know?”
As before, he removes the knife and tosses it away harmlessly. Again as before, Dean looks on, overcome with terror in the face of his resilience and invulnerability to conventional weapons.
“I at no point asked Crowley for help,” Cas says. “He practically coerced me into siding with him. He preyed on my vulnerabilities and made me believe I had no other choice, and I - I regret, deeply, that I’m so gullible and fell for it.” He takes a hesitant step closer and starts reaching out a hand. “Would you like - I can show you exactly what happened.”
“Hey, we’ll be over to check on you tomorrow, until then you got everything you need, right?” Dean questions.
Dean snags the puck when it comes his way again, fumbling for a second and almost missing it. Two Habs are about to try and staple him into the sideboards so he flings it to the first friendly jersey he sees - with an opponent in the way he doesn’t have a view of the net but the goal horn sounds two seconds later, so somebody got something right.
“Oh, fuck off.” He’s not in the mood to play nice with this bastard right now. “I’ve had way more than enough’a you feathery dicks already.”
“Listen, Cas, I gotta be honest for a second here, I don’t - I don’t even remember half of what you were saying to me,” Dean admits, frantically pushing images out of his head of Cas getting swallowed by black goo. “You were gonna die and I couldn’t stop it.”
hear you.”
“With difficulty. In a human it appears to be a normal pregnancy aside from the shortened duration, up until the point that labor begins. In an angel it’s much harder. Most Nephilim aren’t found until after the birth.”
“Then look somewhere else,” Castiel tells him flatly.
“I know, I fucking hate it too, that’s what makes it fun.”
“You want me to keep a secret for eighteen years?”
“What round was he drafted in?”
“I don’t know, you didn’t gimme a chance to find out.”
“We can’t talk him out of it? Cas is always telling me how it’s bad to kill other angels…” He stops at Gabriel’s slow head-shake.
thing, you know how awkward and panic-prone I am, it’s not like I can simply go out and find sex whenever I want as it stands.”
“You’re still there, aren’t you?” he murmurs.
“Cas!” he bellows, this time from the bottom of his chest. “Cas! I’m here! I’mma get you out, okay?”
“MY LAST TEAM TRADED ME BECAUSE THEY FOUND OUT I’M GAY” he says instead of answering. “THEY ALREADY HAD ISSUES WITH ME FOR BEING AUTISTIC”
This shit’s giving him a headache.
“Oh. Yes, I don’t sleep.”
for that, last time I laughed that hard Cas and a hooker were involved,” Dean says as he drags himself up off the floor with a huge smile still lighting up his face.
“You were happy.”
“Good. They really load you up at this joint, my five hundredth NHL game was against Dallas and Sammy flew down to watch it. I took him here and he could barely finish a small serving. Actually kinda felt bad for the kid,” he chuckles.
“The K is backwards,” Castiel points out gently.
“No-”
manages to pickpocket the Oiler carrying the puck right over the blue line, though, and pass to Zeddmore, who has nobody to back him up at the moment. The turnover at least slows the Oilers down some because they have to leave the Islanders’ zone completely before heading back in again.
“Wasn’t there something about a waiting list?” Gabriel pipes up.
Castiel’s line is sent again, this time with the third D-pair. Crowley is tossed off the dot by the linesman and Castiel takes the faceoff instead, which he loses. The Stars scrabble to get away from the Isles forwards but are boxed out of the right spaces by the defensemen, and ultimately Crowley intercepts a pass and fights his way into the attacking zone with help from
“Until now,” Sam says. “So they could be kicking in finally. But the thing is, uh, Dean really hates feeling vulnerable. More than most people, I mean. So if you spent all last night cuddling up to him like that, it could be making him panic and that’s why his mood instability is more erratic than usual. Cas - he’ll never admit it to you, but he cares about you a lot and it scares him.”
“Not usually, no. He may be able to make it for Christmas, though… presuming I can find an excuse for Michael to not be there. They don’t get along at all.”
“I wanted a weight blanket but the nurse said no because the ativan should do the trick on its own.”
“Don’t tell Sam what?” Dean grunts, shuffling in already awake for the first time in days instead of Cas doing it for him and fixing his coffee before making him fully conscious.
“Cas?”
fucking cry where they can see him, dammit. “Or… not
“If you say so.” It’s mumbled, not definitive. Dean clears his throat. “Here, keep eating.”
“Presumably we believe that since we’re currently ahead of them on the scoreboard that we shouldn’t run ourselves ragged with two periods left in the game,” Crowley snarks from the corner.
“Hey Cas, you mentioned something when we were talking to Bobby,” Dean interrupts, looking to derail what was probably (definitely) gonna be yet another fucking conversation about him not being straight. “About April.”
“I was just thinking about how we carve devil’s traps into bullets to pin demons, do you think we could do a similar thing with the Enochian? It might help take some of the wind out of Lucifer’s sails if we hit him with them.”
Garth’s getting the night off and Frank is in net instead, which Dean is a little mixed on. Frank’s one of those goalies who’s either outfuckingstanding or a complete disaster, and of course there’s no way to know ahead of time which one he’ll be. Dean wishes he’d stayed third-string in Bridgeport and they’d traded for a new second-string goaltender instead. Hopefully tonight’s one of Frank’s good ones.
Wanting Dean to get better is all the justification Cas needs for his actions this afternoon when the phone rings.
“Dean-”
“Are you okay?”
“Okay, your murderous big brother is apparently still on the loose somewhere out there, so if you gotta go anywhere just be careful, right?” Dean comments when they’ve finished bringing his possessions and groceries into Gabriel’s kitchen.
“Yeah, we’re good,” Dean grins.
smart guy, and should know better.
“Dammit… at least I got right in one try, huh?”
kinda explanation about this for me? Come on, man! They’re your damn wings, shouldn’t you know this shit?”
A slow nod. “Yeah, I’ve heard that about him.”
“Yeah, well… don’t. Worry about yourself, focus on getting better.” Dean doesn’t seem to be angry. “Try not to breathe so hard, okay? Breathe slower, it’ll help.”
Dean waits until he’s sure Sammy’s outta the house before he says anything. “Hey, did that guy seem kinda familiar to you last night?”
“You got on it somehow.”
“Yes. She wasn’t quite correct, but she was close. Angels have existed since the formation of the Earth and as a result they leave long, lasting impressions in the flow of time. When you came into contact with Dean’s soul, the resulting bond was so powerful that it echoed backwards all the way to humanity’s formation. In essence, you were
“I find these consequences acceptable. Raphael will be destroyed and the Winchesters will survive. My goals will be met. The rest is a justifiable level of collateral damage. I fail to see the problem here.”
“SAM STOP IT”
“Management was displeased with me and in general the team culture wasn’t ideal for my continuing personal growth as a player.”
John glowers at Castiel. “Anything else you wanna add, boy?”
“You say that like his teeth wouldn’t still get fucked even with it,”
“Your parents are divorced?” Castiel guesses.
“They’re not special, I promise.”
“Sure!” He materializes one and hands it right over. “Just remember the most important rule about milkshakes for breakfast, bucko.”
the kid yells from the phone screen.
Cas stares at the floor again and neither of them says anything for awhile. Dean’s thinking about sitting down when Cas finally speaks.
“In hindsight, yes. That would’ve been a much better choice.”
In the Uber on the way back to the hotel Dean posts something on Twitter from his phone, and once they’re in Castiel’s room stowing the new clothes he decides to say this: “So that chick thought we’re a couple.”
“And he might try to hurt you, we’re not sure what he’s up to right now.”
about the second-youngest archangel, which I stumbled across by sheer accident :D prior to that I had very few thoughts about Raphael tbh because he's really only in s6 besides his one appearance in FTBYAM, but that post really got my brain jogging and I was like "hmm, what if I
Dean closes his eyes and folds his hands together.
“Concerned.” Cas frowns. “No, that’s not right. Anxious. Worried. I think those are much closer to how I feel.”
“He’s almost five and a half, I adopted him from a friend because she wasn’t able to care for him,” Castiel admits. “It turned out to be an excellent decision. He’s the best thing in my life.”
The linesman drops the puck, and since Crowley isn’t Ed Zeddmore, he actually wins the faceoff. There’s more space on the ice during a four-on-four like this, it’s not as crowded and so easier to get out of a scrum. Dean cycles through the corners of their attacking zone with Benny, helping Cole and Crowley play keep-away with the puck as the two forwards try to open up scoring channels.
Trigger warnings in endnotes.
“Yeah, well…” Dean scrubs his face on his palm. “Sorry to mess with you, kiddo. He ain’t here.” The whiskey is definitely sinking in by now, he can feel it. “Unless you got some way to get him back, in which case - I’m all ears, buddy.”
“He’s bisexual,” Sam interrupts. “Dean, just learn to get more comfortable with that word, you’ll hate yourself so much less.”
Cas covers himself completely in the thin hospital blankets and burrows his head between the mattress and the pillow because it still smells like Dean a little bit under there. He wishes for Dean because Dean would lie on his back to press him and then he’d feel better eventually.
“Hm,” Castiel shrugs. “I can see how she would think so. We were arguing and two men together in a clothing store is generally still considered unusual.”
His mouth is full of bruises and sores from his face being pressed so hard into the floor. At the moment, it’s painful for him to eat any food that’s too hot or requires chewing. The immediate future is full of pudding and tomato rice soup for him. Considering that Cas doesn’t enjoy most tomato-related products, he was surprised yesterday night to learn that he does enjoy that particular soup, likely because Dean actually knows how to cook.
“Presuming I don’t come back, it should be alright to tell them the truth once the child is grown enough to protect them both from Heaven’s wrath.”
knew before I did?!” Dean bellows.
Suddenly Dean’s back in charge. “Sunuva bitch - give a guy some warning, Cas! Fuck!” He shakes his head. “Sammy, you’re gonna be fine. And angel feathers are the softest god damn thing
Castiel puts away his phone, ignores his head coach’s yelling, and mentally prepares himself for the 2nd. They’re down a forward, so the lines will be strange at times, but it’s workable and they’re up two goals. Winning this match is easily within the realm of possibility so long as they stop being lazy and put in the work for the remaining forty minutes.
“Dean says family doesn’t end in blood, though.”
Yeah. Okay.
“Me,” he whispers.
Despite his cynicism, Dean seems to be in an excellent mood while preparing his monstrous pile of bacon. Castiel wonders what Dean would say if he became aware that every night while he sleeps his arteries receive preventative maintenance with the help of angel grace.
The vision fades into something else, something Dean really,
(See the end of the chapter for
“I would periodically go down to Earth and look in on you. It wasn’t through any malicious intent, I only wanted to be sure that you were alright. And for the most part you seemed to be. Crowley preyed on my friendship with you as a means to coerce me into siding with him. You were safe, and doing the normal things that humans do in their lives. I wasn’t willing to steal that from you after everything you’d already been through.”
Sam brings up Bitchface Number Eight in response to that question. “I thought if I did it back he’d stop.”
When the drills are finally done, they scrimmage, and Dean pays close attention to the newest additions to his team. Kevin is ridiculously fast, probably because he’s so small, and between that and his cleverness Dean can definitely see why he was a first round draft pick for them. Castiel seems like he’ll be a great asset too, because he’s talented for sure but he’s also vicious and unrelenting. Frank isn’t technically new, but they traded their previous backup goalie for the draft pick that got them Kevin so they called up Frank permanently from Bridgeport as a replacement. Finally, there’s an unremarkable rookie D-man who doesn’t impress Dean much.
“Alright. Just make sure it’s pointed away from your face this time.”
“Jack, I have to go back now,” Castiel interrupts.
“The angels will kill you if they find out that you know.”
“It’s breakfast time.”
Sam nods slightly. “You’re probably right.” He rubs his face. “Hey, since you’re here, I had an idea I wanna run by you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He sighs. “Yeah, go ahead.”
“What, that this is an
“This is such a pain in the ass,” Dean mutters.
“Yeah well I don’t do well with lunatics, so I guess we’re both shit outta luck.” Dean points to the notebook on the desk. “They give you those here?”
“You did?”
So he learned the hard way to never like anything but the idea of women. But Cas wants to uproot that, even though Dean’s pretty sure that by now it’s way too late.
initially plan to have Sabriel be a subplot in it and that it just sort of happened by accident? :D
A shrug. “Hm.” And Dean immediately changes the subject. “Sam might be up again today to talk to you some more, you think you can handle it?”
“Gabriel, it’s rude to eavesdrop on others’ conversations.”
is on his right and Kevin is almost directly in front of him. Another shot is taken, the goalie traps it down against the ice. The whistle goes and a new shift comes on.
“What, is it here?”
attempts to steal it back and ends up tripping the New Jersey player by accident, which means a penalty shot. Nine seconds later and the game is tied. The crowd gets even more irritating as a result. Castiel fights the urge to cover his ears.
“Damn straight.” They come to Mary. “Are Jack and Gabe here yet?”
“Gabriel, please stop it,” Cas groans. “I made friends with him and we have a symbiotic relationship which helps us both cope with the issues that naturally arise from living on this unit.”
Sam huffs a quiet laugh. “That sounds kinda nice in a really weird way.” His expression becomes serious again. “So Mom talked to you the other night.”
says Sam, and Dean doesn’t miss how his brother glances at him.
“NO I THINK YOU SHOULD DO IT” Sam says with an expression that’s the exact opposite of any of his normal bitchfaces.
“I SAW YOU SIGNING EARLIER” is how he starts.
“Not at the moment.” Gabe snaps his fingers. “There, it’s done.”
“Good job, Sammy.”
“But why is Michael here?” Cas asks, genuinely confused.
glad he made the decision to just sneak his vessel’s soul into Heaven after taking it, because no innocent human should have to suffer through shit like this.
“Okay, I’ll ask Sammy to go get him,” Dean shrugs. “Here.” He feeds Cas another spoonful of pudding. “Y’know you’re gonna get sick’a this flavor eating it over and over for a week straight.”
THIS CHAPTER WAS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE POSTED TODAY. I was trying to edit it and hit the wrong fucking button. >_<
“Hmm,” Cas hums, clearly thinking. “Alright.
“Have a good rest’a the game.”
Cas complains wearily.
“Because when it started happening to me, I didn’t have nobody around to talk me through it.” Dean strokes his upper arm. “You can go back to sleep if you want, you’re safe.”
“‘Archangels are unique in that they have the ability to smite other angels, and in point of fact-’ Seriously? Who the fuck says shit like ‘in point of fact’?” Dean snorts. “‘-point of fact they may even be capable of dispatching each other if they were so inclined. Naturally this theory has not been tested at the time of this publication.’ Well, great. That doesn’t actually help us.”
“Woah!” Now Gabriel’s palms raise in a gesture clearly intended to be placating. In reality, it’s obnoxious. “You know where I was while you and lover boy there were airing out his laundry?”
“I know, and that makes me feel a lot better since I can’t be there all the time to help him out.”
“I’m gonna die,” he chokes out, and he can’t help it, he can’t help the tears, sitting on the end of his mattress. “I’m gonna die, Cas, this thing’s killing me, I can’t…”
“Wow. That’s - wow, Cas. You didn’t need to tell me that.”
“Yes,” Cas agrees. It’s been hours and he’s had his ativan. He should not still be panicking. “I think he’s indifferent to my safety and happiness.”
As the water hits his head, Dean suddenly realizes how fucking sad this makes him.
His sister continues to make fun of him until he abruptly ends the call, and despite being tired he knows he’s entirely too restless to sleep yet. It’s almost 10:30, yes, but there’s also no time like the present. Castiel already feels exasperated about this conversation that he hasn’t even had yet and he heaves a deep sigh before leaving his room and going down the hall.
“Jerk.” But Sam’s grinning at him, clearly glad he’s okay.
“He asked, believe me. Y’know, I made a copy of the security footage on my laptop and then erased the original so that nobody else could see it. I had that, and my stupid fucking jacket with your blood on it. And that’s… that’s all, Cas. Jack would pop in every so often and have dinner with us but I didn’t even really have him anymore. I couldn’t even give you a sendoff.”
“Good morning to you too, bigfoot!” Gabriel says, plastering on his brightest smile. “I have a surprise for you. The nice kind, I promise.”
Dean doesn’t even have time to say how much he fucking doubts that before the angel vanishes with the typical wing-flap noise. There’s no way he’d ever ask for Cas’ help with anything.
When he’s safely back in his hotel room, he calls his sister.
Dean’s supposed to come meet them here at Bobby’s house so they can talk about what’s going on with Cas, but he’s late. Sam’s not actually worried about that, it probably just means Dean got hungry or Baby needed gas or whatever, but it’s kind of obnoxious because they actually do have important shit to be working on right now. Cas aside, they need to find Crowley, and maybe convince Balthazar to help them stop whatever the hell is going on because he’s the only other angel besides Cas who they know on a first-name basis and they can kind of predict his behavior.
Sammy tells him it’s okay.
“Great. So we got… three and a half months to figure this out,” Dean mumbles, counting on his fingers for a second. “Okay. That’s not great, since the info about these things is so spotty.”
“Okay, one, no way in hell can you take care’a yourself right now, so you’re stuck with me either way. And B, don’t fucking insult me by saying shit like that, Cas. You’re here ’cause I want you here, and ’cause I wanna help. Not ’cause I owe you.”
And Dean kisses him.
Castiel almost groans. He should’ve expected that question, considering how common of a misconception it is among humans thanks to inaccurate renditions in visual artistic mediums.
“Cas, if you can hear me, say something!”
“She’s my friend, she helps me look after my son sometimes. When you’re estranged from large parts of your family you usually find yourself with very limited options when it comes to getting help with certain things,” he complains.
they must exist but I have a hard time finding them... (stipulations being that they're complete and preferably at least a couple thousand words long, may be in English or in Russian).
