"I might drown, but it's okay if you're here to bringing me back to life." The timid smile and the heat in Sherlock's eyes were the only confirmations that John needs before pulling the tall man down for a kiss.
“And what was all that about?” John asks, wanting to know why they had rushed after the cab.
18:05 I’m always careful Glenn.
It’s only a 20 minutes Tube ride from my place, perfect! See you in a bit.
“Don’t be silly Molly... I already agreed to bring your weird friend with us... Don’t push me.” The sharpness to his voice was clear now, putting Sherlock on edge. “If I present you to my mum, I hope you’re going to behave better! No girlfriend of mine...” But he was interrupted by Sherlock. Leaning forward between the seats, the exasperated detective took the wheel and turns it to bring the car to the side of the road. “WHAT THE HELL,YOU FREAK!”
But this time, his phone remained silent. Not a single text the whole day. And John wasn’t going to pretend he wasn’t constantly checking his phone. He absolutely was and he hated himself for it. Who was he to think that Sherlock would keep him up to date on his cases when he had flat out refused to go with him for no reason whatsoever.
“John?” Sherlock called sleepily over his shoulder as he entered and discarded his robe.
ahhh sorry that took so long!! Hopefully my updates will be a bit more regular from now on, but can't make promises :)
“What do you want, Victor?” As invaluable as his second-in-command was to him, he did have an annoying habit of showing up at the worst times.
“The one I need, the one I need. Oh yes indeed, yes indeed!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Now facing each other again and smiling from ear to ear, they burst into the chorus.
"I suppose, now that you are one of us, you have a right to know." He paused a moment as if gathering his thoughts before continuing. "Jim Moriarty. The most dangerous pirate mastermind the seas have ever seen. His attacks follow a very distinct pattern, which I've been tracking for several years now. When I find a ship that fits, I take it. My crew searches for any hints, any traces of Moriarty. He leaves clues, you see. It's almost as if he wants me to find him. It's this sort of cruel game he plays. When I get what I need, my crew loots, and I take captives for questioning if absolutely necessary."
“What?”
“Hey, you two!” echoed Lestrade’s voice from a distance, causing them both to start. His face peeked out from the top of the hill as he spotted the two of them at the bottom. “Are you gonna – oh.”
“What, marriage?”
“How long have I been here?” He asked, groggily.
The man laughed in return. “It’s not something you want?”
“Ah.”
“John!” Sherlock yelled, appearing the alley, but the killer was already running off.
“Yes. Don’t worry about wardrobe necessities. I will rent a tuxedo for you and leave it in your room.”
Angelo squeezed their shoulders and set a candle on the table – at one in the afternoon. Instead of correcting him this time, John and Sherlock just made slow eye contact across the table and burst into a fit of giggles.
Their eyes locked again, but with this time it wasn’t in question. In those clear blue-green eyes, John saw his future ahead of him. He saw himself living a happy life and growing old and retiring somewhere quiet. All with Sherlock by his side. He looked in his eyes and saw the one love of his life.
“I’m always afraid,” he continued. “On cases. Of putting you in danger. I’m afraid because . . .” He swallowed thickly, as if forcing the words out. John allowed him to take his time, tenderly running his fingers through curls on his nape.
There was no doubt in his mind that the situation would be inherently romantic. He and Sherlock had had many nights in like this before. They would order take-out and sit on the floor with their backs against the couch. They’d watch some ridiculous movie and eat off the coffee table while Sherlock deduced the plot, pointed out faults, and criticized the actors. They’d maybe pop open a few beers and spend the evening in a hazy, giggly stupor.
He tested the strength of his restraints for the umpteenth time. He had been alone in this room for about half an hour, he predicted.  He was starting to get restless. His leg bounced in agitation. His heart raced with unchecked anxiety.
“Alright.” After she left, John simply rolled over in his bunk and closed his eyes with no intention of going to see Sherlock.
He told her the meaning of their secret code word, used only in the most crucial emergencies. He handed her the key to playing them to her advantage, and now he, and most likely Sherlock, would pay for his mistake with their lives.
“Yeah?”
John couldn’t help but remember the dance lessons Sherlock gave him in the weeks leading up to his wedding. Surely he remembered a thing or two. God, that felt so long ago.
“Sherlock. I’d love to.” Sherlock let out a breath of relief and smiled. Another true, genuine smile. Beautiful. They sat by the fire together in content silence for a minute before John realized he was probably intruding and should let Sherlock sleep. “I should let you get some rest then.”
His mind began to cloud as he felt Sherlock continue to fumble at his feet. Didn’t feel like he was making much progress. If his eyes were open, there would surely be black spots dancing in his vision by now.
No, John didn’t trust himself to open his mouth just yet. Instead he just held Sherlock’s face in one hand and brushed the curls on the side of his head with the other. “Shhh…” he coaxed, stroking him softly.
“Hey. We both crossed the line last night. Let’s not worry about it, okay?”
Once settled in, Sherlock told him his plan to divide and conquer.
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered, his voice cracking slightly. For a minute, neither of them broke the stomach-churning silence. They could only stare at it, accepting the fact that someone had killed a child and stuffed its body into a wall to decompose.
Now, Sherlock stood at the tip of the bow with his hands behind his back watching John mop from across the ship. He longed to explain and make things right with him again, but every time he made a move in his direction, the other man countered. After a few rounds of this silent dance, Sherlock backed off and contented himself with watching John from a distance.
“Ah. And so will he,” John added pointedly. He shot Sherlock a look saying he knew he hadn’t eaten since yesterday, and not to think he can get out of meals around him.
Glancing up, he found Sherlock gazing down at him with mixed confusion and awe. He straightened back up, running his hands over his bare torso.
“No thanks, mate,” he replied without taking his eyes off Sherlock and Ray. Sherlock threw his head back in laughter as he playfully grasped his arm for support.
“What makes you think I’d tell you?”
So that’s why he hasn’t been coming to see me. “How did you figure that out?”
She gave a soft smile. “Fun. But I feel like shit today.”
John sighed and reached up to place his palm on Sherlock’s cheek. He didn’t know why, but it was like couldn’t help himself. It just seemed like the right thing to do. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered and he leaned into the touch like he was starving for it.
At the tip of the bow, on the highest floor level on deck, was Sherlock Holmes. He stood with his back to the crew, hands clasped behind his back and gazing out into the ocean in front of him. His long, black coat flapped behind him as his loose curls danced in the wind underneath his hat. With the intense white sun directly beating down on him and the great, deep blue ocean expanding around him, he looked absolutely magnificent. Like a picture from a storybook.
“You, silly man! You know that you don’t have to say the word to make it real?” Getting up to stand near his friend, Mike puts his strong hand on his shoulder and looks into his eyes with mirth. “Congratulations, Doctor John Hamish Watson, you are officially, definitely and irrevocably in love!”
John, who was looking at Sherlock with concern,
"John, sorry..." Mike tries to calm his friend as he was trying to button the buttons of his shirt. "I didn't..."
After Greg and Mycroft plotting and sightseeing in Vienna... Sherlock is on his way back home. (A small chapter to explain how they did it before returning to the present day)
Blinking his eyes for show, John waits a few seconds before he actually turns toward the man in front of him. He was a strong looking man, a few inches taller than himself. His short hair, his posture, the look on his face, everything screams military to John. His voice hoarse from disuse and thirst, he articulates with an indignant tone “What’s going on? Is this a prank?”
Closing his eyes, he remembered Sherlock’s expression when the blood started dropping. The lust, the hunger... A look he never seen in the vampire’s eyes since he had started to befriend him.
See you on the other side of the 'drama' lol
"Mister Holmes," she froze, not knowing what to say and unsure if the man  had heard what she just said. "I'm just taking the opportunity to congratulate the DI on your wedding... Sorry that I wasn't able to attend... I was on duty and..."
"I won't go!" Greg was adamant about it. "I won't be able to fake that I am happy about the whole affair!" It was John's wedding day, a  day that should be the epitome of joy and love. Unfortunately, it was the subject of a serious argument between Mycroft and Greg.
“Good afternoon, everyone,” spotting a young man with crutches in the second row he smiles.“Hamilton, happy to see that you’re back with us, let me know if you have questions about anything from the last few classes.” Dropping his bag under the desk, he logs onto his laptop and after a moment, the first slide appears on the white wall facing him. “Any question about last week’s session?” As a chorus of ‘no’ dies down, he continues “Today, we’re going to talk about blunt trauma and – even if I am glad that Hamilton tried to give us a very fine example – I can assure you that It’s not as fun as it may sound!” Everyone giggles and shouts good-hearted jokes at the poor student, as Watson sits on the desk and starts his lecture.
Sherlock walks out of his building, trying to keep his computer bag on his shoulder without hurting his ribs. And failing.
“Sherlock! I can’t believe it! It’s called an RSVP for a reason!” Quickly getting her phone out she texts Greg.
Imagining a deep and silky voice, the only one that he can envision with such a suggestive body, John resolutely put down his pint. Nodding to himself,
“Don’t be a pussy, you’ve got nothing to do... Just give them one pill and they are going to be back for more at whatever the price!” The detective shivers with disgust as he now recognises the voice of the bastard who harassed him. “I’m going to help you, go to the Gold Swan tonight, I’m meeting the big boss intermediary.” His voice was now lace with a bit of fear, “I’ll tell them to let you in... For a certain price of course!”
p.p.s. you may have received 2 notifications for this chapter, sorry!
“No, you talked about this nonsense, not me!” John protested as he quickly shook hands with his old friend.
Having completely lost the man in the crowd, John murmurs, "no, no, sorry... Nothing's wrong." Shaking his head to pushes away the feeling of loss,
"It's okay," John apologizes, stars in his eyes. "I didn't know either, that I was waiting for you..."
Entering by the same little door Sherlock used not so long ago, they stay hidden and advance slowly until they hear Sherlock's voice.
Is there any way for this flat share to work?
Unable to remains calm, John shouts “YOU KILLED HIM!”
“So, he’s attractive... anything else?” Mike chides softly, wanting to be sure that it wasn’t only an infatuation.
vampires are first and foremost human. If they need help, we help them. Their bodies are not invincible, unlike what some people may think.” Her tone was firm as if she was daring her recruit to talk against her policy.
"I was asking because I wanted to know if you were ready for a talk about... John. And as you just demonstrated, you are more than enough in shape for a discussion even if you look unable to have a serious one!"
And yes, Molly read over the autopsy report and it’s a match to all the kids who died from that shit. GL
Holding his hand, the government man stirs Greg to the little desk in the room where he left his computer. "Do you want to go over everything one last time?"
Blinking a few times, he looks around to find a street name, his photographic knowledge of all streets and alleyways curiously gone for a moment. He sighs when a black Sedan parks in front of him.
As Mycroft seems particularly eager to have him do this favour for him, Sherlock pushes his luck a bit further. "...and the next Mother's Day as well?"
"Still moping, Mister Holmes? Seriously, from your reputation I was expecting better from you." He opens his eyes at the sound of the light laughter. "It's good in a way, you're making my job much easier!"  Whispering in his ear, Mary's voice murmurs harshly, "tell me, Sherlock, do you have a list?"
"You better check it, it may be urgent."
The small amount of insecurity, the slight hesitation, it always gets to John's heart.
God, John is not there to see this!" he murmurs to himself as his subconscious asks,
"Fuck!  What the Hell are you doing here, you told me that --" his rant stops instantly when he realises that Sherlock was at the door, not Simpson. "Sherlock... Is that you, really you?"
The feeling of a jackknife entering his body suddenly cuts the detective's heart in two.  "Harry?"
I really need to get out of my bedsit. Come on mate, give me a chance.
(See the end of the chapter for
"When?" John asks patiently a grin slowly appearing on his face.
"It looked… weird… seeing him plotting in a bench near Kings after what happened...." Turning his head in the direction of where McAlister's voice was coming earlier, he adds, “You know that your
“Yes, it’s better now, I think. Maybe I’m better at all this the second time around,” not wanting for John to elaborate, he quickly starts to talk about his little verbal joust with Holt and his TA, the work he was doing with his new friends, and the time passes again easily.
“I presume that you weren’t... hum... thrilled at the idea of your brother going undercover to catch drugs dealers.” Greg says, knowing he is right, “I have the utmost faith in –“
Anthea is out to get low-fat microwavable popcorn. MH
Don’t understand... be careful, would you? Don’t go barging in on Holt and fucked it up! GL
Shaking away any doubt that it was too good to be true, he started his weekly clean-up, trying to be as ready as possible for working a whole week.
Thinking about the blog he saw on Molly's computer, he shivers at the thought of living on a small island. Of course, he knew that the Isle of Wight wasn't
“I’ve been saying for ages that all that...” he made a large gesture, pointing to the hall and the people “is not for me.”
“Except you, Sir, and your brother, and that dear Inspector Lestrade.”
December 14th: How? / How do I delete this?
The Isle of Wight? Seriously? Is this about that doctor of yours? MH
"And tickets for the finals," Murray added to the deal, knowing that John wouldn't be able to resist. The tickets were already sold out, but one of his friends worked for the team.
Reply by Anonymous: I am not at all a poet, too rational and scientifically minded for that, but you're right, it's peaceful to think that even within the total darkness, light can come thru to show us the way.
The doctor chuckles "I,
"It's a miracle, you can let that man get away now, you realize?" Stamford's soft confident smile was the last push John needs.
He knows that he was nicely dressed – a whole hour just to fussed over his hair! – but not
Pivoting quickly, he saw the confusion upon the man's, John,
Knowing perfectly well that he was lying to himself, as the opportunity to get the help of the famous detective was something he couldn’t resist.
"This is horrible, I know
“No, I don’t know what it’s all about,” Sherlock sighs and decides to cover his lies with a bit of truth. “I come here often, and Angelo is a bit... overprotective.”
"It's Mary Morstan-Watson now, Mister Holmes." Mary replies, her chin high.
Greg quickly turns to look at the clock, it was 17:55.
"What have you replied to Sleepless?" Greg asks, curious.
Clearly stressed, the detective wasn't able to listen. "... and you skipped your honeymoon, you are still newlyweds and --"
You see. You can't have me as flatmate. SH
A small gathering to celebrate John's good fortune turned into a competition!
"I can try... but it's certainly won't win any prizes," the doctor jokes.
At Bart, Molly is crying bucket over another amorous deception...
following John as he steps outside the bedroom to get to the car that was waiting for him in front of Stamford's house. His wife suddenly appears at his side and slides her hands inside his.
"Yes, sorry..."
"It's going to be too late! Don't you see it! They need to have the choice, they need to discuss this together NOW! Not later when everything going to be even more complicated, when John, who is loyal to a fault is going to stay with her simply because he made a vow!" Greg was so angry at the situation, at the idea that John and Sherlock - who are clearly made for each other - won't have a chance.  And he was a bit angry at Mycroft, to be honest. "I don't understand! What are you afraid of!"
. "Do you think Mycroft can give her a new identity? A better one? Maybe she... maybe they could start anew away from London."
"It's him, not me! He's the one who contacted John's fake account." Harry tries to justify her actions. "Yeah, I know, I was supposed to close the whole thing down but... I couldn't! I thought if there were a small possibility of something happening was still on the table..." She points at her phone, excited. "Read! Read!"
"I don't ask for more!" Rushing after John, Greg leads the doctor to a quiet corner, far away from the others.
The news that he received last night, that the police weren’t able to find anything about Moran, wasn’t helping his mood
“Or to tell me what’s going on with him if you can’t... stop yourself,” Mycroft mutters, hoping that Gregory isn’t able to hear what he is saying.
Taken aback, Sherlock mumbles, " I'm better, I must be careful when doing certain movement but otherwise it's not as bad as it could have been, it was a spectacular shot, a lot of blood and all, but as you know she missed everything important because you pushed her. Because you saved me. Again." After a second, misunderstanding Greg's comment, he rises carefully. "I'm going to pack my things, I've already taken advantage of your hospitality --"
He loses track of the discussion as he imagines the contrast of a snowy torso as he slowly unbuttons the shirt in his mind. Licking his lips, he slightly opens his mouth at the idea of licking the magnificent marble neck, to kiss the sumptuous lips, to –
"I won't be alone, Simpson is going to be with me. You know how he is, he won't allow anyone to touch me! Everything going to be perfect, in 12 hours at the most we are going to be back." Hoping to lighten the mood, Mycroft rolls over, opening his arms for Greg like a model on a runway. "What do you think?"
Molly anxiously interrupts him "He didn't stop the wedding..."
Placing her hands on her heart, Lucy sights theatrically, “It was so heroic of him!”
Angelo discreetly sent his staff away a few hours later, leaving the cleaning of the dining room for the next morning, when it was obvious Sherlock and John were going to close down the restaurant.  Dimming the light a bit more than usual, he remains in the kitchen, singing a silly romantic song in Italian.
“Mister Baker, your room!” He opened the door to a cool and neat room as if he was the owner of a small B&B showing off the amenities. “You have everything that you need in the bathroom, towels, soap, razor.” With a wink, he walked to the end of the bathroom to open another door. “Conjoined room, because sometimes you may need something,” he winked again to John’s annoyance, “in the night.” The other bedroom was a duplicate of the first, small but kind of lush compared to the outside of the building. “My dear friend, you don’t have a bag… I have a man that is tall and thin like you. I will get you things. Okay?”
"John... are you still with me?" Her chiding tone was sympathetic.
So what's the problem?
, it's good for him this way. He needs to connect with someone, he was kind of always a bit melancholic when he stopped pulling women, I remember..."
they went back to their table for a drink.
"What? Just like that? They cost a fortune! Or you have to win a lottery to get some!" Walking behind his sister, swearing against his lame leg, he was once more flabbergasted by the type of client his sister has! "Three times your usual rates because he asked you to work on the 30th! He paid our first class train tickets, now places inside a pod..."
"Mary left the hall the minute I took you aside." As the doctor frowns, he repeats, "come with me. Please."
However, you could have chosen worse. I've looked at his files. MH
“No, I don’t think you’re ready for Mummy,” Mycroft sniggers before cocking his head, “but...”
"What are you talking about?" The shock of seeing his 'dead' friend was stored away for a later time when he will have time to think, but his eyes were tired, "Don't... Greg, you know better than this. Don't fall for their game. Holmeses are... You know. You'll only get destroyed in their path."
“Well, this is more fun!”
Once at the door, he knocks softly and calls out for his potential flatmate. "Sherlock? It's me, John, can I come in?" As the door was already slightly ajar, he enters calling the name again... right before his world shifts at the view of the man in front of him.
"I can't believe I am saying that... but not everyone is looking forever after and commitment you know." She turns a nice shade of red and she had "Sometimes, just being in someone's arms for a while is nice."
Sarcastically, he adds, “might we expect a happy announcement soon? Are you going to move in together?”
The detective and their host were walking a few meters in front of him. He presented himself to John as Juan before turning to Spanish to talk animatedly with the detective.
Coming back after he walked away a bit to get a chair, the ex-soldier sits in front of John. “Sorry, doctor, did I hit a nerve?” Placing his phone on the floor at the right of his chair, he moves closer to  John with purpose. “It’s the only proof we need, you were spying on us, trying to be the avenger for his wife or his mother... or maybe you were in love with him, I won’t judge, but you went too far, mate and now you know us so –”
Sorry about the delay, real life is such a bummer sometimes :-)
Sherlock storms out of the morgue, nearly knocking Lestrade over in his hasty departure, needless to say, he is not happy.
Remembering that he was following an ex-military, the detective starts to cautiously tail him. A few meters behind, enough to be able to see anything but not that close to raise any suspicion – the campus was a public building after all! – the little game quickly became useless. Texting Lestrade, he notes everything. As boring as it was.
7 so far. SH
(Few days later - Present time)
“He is no more!” the DI argues with force, feeling guilty about the whole affair.
"But, John... My experience is at a critical point!" He cocks his head a bit to look at his boyfriend. "I really need you! And you said that you love me!"
He was still trying to convince himself when a voice resonates from the entry door, "Sherlock? Are you here, are you all right?"
You didn't put that he's a man?"
“Of course, I will not drive –” but the doctor’s protestations are lost as the vehicle left for the hospital. The fact that they didn’t on turn the emergency light was a good point.
"7 weeks --"
"Maybe Scotland Yard won't be inclined to prosecute, but the press will have an early Christmas!" She grinned maniacally, as she added "not to mention the news of your return... Oh, the amount of money they are going to do on the back of poor John!"
Until he was out of the cemetery.
"Sherlock..." Molly was standing on the other side of the lab, ready to leave for home. "Sherlock!"
“We shouldn’t talk!”
The excuse was lame even for Sherlock, who quickly puts on the rest of his suit and goes down to wait for Molly.
He silently chuckled about how good he used to be at getting rid of the too enamoured man or woman.
"Enter, for God's sakes! It's your damn house!" Sherlock mutters, his voice sounding harsh and tired. Mycroft knew that, even if the detective's face was neutral, the pain was probably intolerable.
“How did you find that?”
“Doctor Watson get in the car please,” the voice was warm but authoritative, as if talking to a child.
Greg is marrying his lovely Kristin... Sherlock is going to say yes to something that is going to change his life.
"John?" Sherlock asks worriedly, "I think the usual custom in this kind of situation is to say yes... or no." A bit anxious now,
She recalls the teachers with grabby hands and the many similar cases she saw at the Met. It wasn't in favour of the lecturer, even if she joked about 'Sherlock's Doctor' a few times. She waits, looking at John with stern eyes.
Tribute to his military background, he was locking his door fifteen minutes later.  Rushing down the stairs, one of his meddling neighbours stopped him.
"I was shot." John smiles with satisfaction as he realizes that the subject wasn't as difficult now. "Got any time for a coffee or a pint?"
John was alone, feeling the weight of the additional security measures that discreetly protected him. He looked at his hand, where a neat bandage, was covering the small wound Moran left behind.
place.” The vampire remarked snidely.
Looking out over the Thames, he admits that is was kind of a nice view...
“So, we have all the time in the world, right?” She smiles at him as she pulls out her notebook and pen. “First things first, could you please repeat your name and what’s your relationship with the young man? Do you know the men who assaulted him?”
Yes if you stop all that madness for good!
A bit smaller... trying to get back on schedule!
“The students who found him said that he looked like the poor sods who are dying from that drug recently, you know THE drug? Can’t remember the name, A/K or something –”
Laughing, Mike suggests, "a bit much?"
"I'm sure, poor Sherlock... he can't go on like that! Not now that is life as a detective is really starting to take off."
Not liking the direction of the discussion, Sherlock rises, suddenly drained.“I’m tired, think I’m going to go back to London. Molly, you’re all right?”
aren't my department usually, but he needs to talk to someone about... feelings and such. He won't talk to me!"
"Hello, Gregory." The warmth in his gaze disappeared as his eyes fall on his husband's subordinate, "Sergeant Donovan."
“HUDDERSSSSSSSS! John is hungry!”
“What are you talking about...” looking around, Greg realizes that nobody on his team – even Anderson! -  is working. They are looking at the different CCTV monitors spread around the room. Most of the screens focussing on one man. Examining the image, Greg frowns, “is this... Doctor Watson? No... Really? You don’t have anything better to do?”
The stunning woman would have tempted him a few days ago, but at the moment, she was a bit of a nuisance. “You’ve got the wrong man, miss, if you can just move your car, I am in a bit of a hurry.”
Reply by Harry: It's okay! I want the 38 inhabitants of your little village to know that you are looooooooooved. xoxoxo
After a nod, the old man turns towards the groom. "And you John, do you know of any lawful impediment why you, John Hamish Watson may not be joined in matrimony to Mary Elizabeth Morstan?" After a minute, the small gathering starts to murmurs as John remains silent. "John?"
Looking at the time instinctively, he realized that it was nearly time for the meeting with his editor.
As they are waiting in a small stock room, Sherlock talked a bit about his life before…
"Good morning, brother mine, have you slept well?"
“Don’t say things like that. I don’t understand, it’s not like you... You haven’t touched anyone that doesn’t deserve it and, since other options are available, you haven’t drunk human blood even if plenty would have happily offered it to you!” Stroking his cheek to get his attention, though she could see he was slowly falling away in his Mind Palace, she knew the signs, “darling boy, you have worked on crime scenes, you have watched autopsies!”
Raising her arm, she calls the medics who have arrived with them. “Take care of that man.” The doctor was about to follow when Donovan softly places a hand on his shoulder. “Sorry Sir, we are not done here.”
Watson laughs loudly. “Do you know your brother at all, Sir? Even you don’t have authority over him, I guess!” Again, a light chuckle, quickly muffled, echoes in the otherwise deserted building.
He knew that it was a lie, that it wasn't his fault, that he had defeated great criminals alone, without any support besides sporadic communications from his brother. That he was captured at the 10th hour of an infernal pursuit in the cold and the woods against dogs and mercenaries.
Thinking about the silliness of it all and how it’s going to end in tears and a split mortgage, Sherlock let his mind wander towards the last wedding he had attended.
"We've been back from honeymoon for a bit more than two weeks now, and everything is perfect!" Greg replies with an honest smile even if he was still angry about Sally's implication in brother-in-law's downfall, especially now that he knows first hand the price he paid.
“Are you sure you want to do this -” entering the flat, he changed in the upstairs spare room to surprise his boyfriend, John suddenly wasn’t able to say a word. Sherlock was magnificent. The burgundy velvet vest combined with a perfectly tailored black suit, the heavy cape with a satin lining matching the vest, his perfect curls temporarily tamed into a slick hairstyle... He was the poster-boy of the vampire archetype. And sexy as Hell.
Knowing exactly what the younger man did, John chuckles. The idea of the mighty mystery man receiving a dressing down from his younger brother is particularly... charming.
"I know it isn't what we planned, bro', but it's good, right? A little holiday in the big city!" Harry smiles sweetly, hugging her brother tightly. "The most important thing is to be together."
His eyes slowly adjusting to the lack of light, he sees that it is really only a basically furnished lab. With laboratory tables, cupboards, a few Benson burners... He was about to get out to switch the lights – he isn’t able to see where Watson disappeared to – when the noise of a key turning in the door forces him to retreat quickly! Rushing to the back of the room, he opens a tall cupboard, thankfully only holding lab coats and a few brooms and was able to shut it down just as the silhouettes of two men appear in the light coming from the corridor.
there's an explanation. A
Nothing happens for a while, Watson looks as if he is waiting for something or someone... The blond man is sitting casually, nursing a fresh coffee and playing with his phone.  But to Sherlock’s expert eyes, it is obvious that he was on the lookout for someone.
Reply by Harry: I don't know, you'll tell me lol Love you, take care.
Sherlock's blog post
"Yes, it's Sara. You know that, don't fish for more information..." John chuckles, not able to stay cross with his sister for too long.
17:50 Looks like he’s going in the direction of the building where the Chemistry Dpt is...
is nice, but being there in person is be better!"
“No, you’re right, it’s not good,”
"And you knew that..."
Dozens of liars echoed in his mind.
. Lamentably.
Reply by Doctor John H. Watson: Me too. And next time that you want to talk to me, use the messaging thing. Don't want everyone to read us.
As the cabby stops at a discreet place near the church, Sherlock saw the white sedan where the bride, Mary he recalls, was.
Marcy, who is now silently fighting with Alan to get the detective’s bag, explained. “It was before our time, but it was the talk of the campus then! A student, Max Smith, was found dead in the Chemistry lab.”
Keeping his dismay and self-destructive thoughts to himself, the detective turns to look outside and forces a last smile on his reluctant lips. "It's a beautiful day, yes, yes... I'm truly happy for him."
as you may think."
Knowing that it was useless to trying to escape, he opens the door.
, Sherlock didn't protest. "Good plan, bathroom then we
Sherlock, not willing to let it go that easily, asks petulantly, "what do I get in return for playing your errand boy, brother mine?"
“You see, it’s perfect!” Murray added as if it was a done deal.
“You are not weird. You are not a freak. You are a wonderful man with a few quirks to keep life interesting.” The tall man’s eyes, sparkling from the vigorous exercise and sentiments, were hypnotic. Constantly changing colour. John, unable to control himself, gently brushes his eyelids and murmurs. “Can’t believe you hid those under contacts...”
He wasn’t seeing himself in his place, but the whole affair was so sad.
Finally giving up, the older brother mutters in a defeated tone, "I'm going to take care of Mummy's gift for her next birthday."
“Yes, I am.” The young man interrupts with a wave of his good arm. “This is important, they are... they are selling drugs Mycroft. Targeting the young and...” He slowly turns his head away, a cold rage pooling inside him, “they are targeting the young My’, new users, selling that shit as if it was the solution to everything. The solution to... to the misery that their life is.”
Opening his eyes after too little hours of sleep, the temporary student first conscious thought  is
"Better not!" the doctor snarls comically, trying to erase the sad look on his sister-in-law's face. "Talk to you next Saturday!"
me, 'Sherlock'!", the air quotes around his name nearly visible in a word bubble over his head. "What the Hell? Is this a game?"
"It wasn't like that, it was to protect me and you know it!"
One morning, a few days later, Sherlock wakes up thinking about that man.
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"
. The main difference is that you've got the power to actually do so.“ As the powerful man remains silent, he continues, talking softly in his ear. “Don’t try to trick me, Mycroft Holmes, you are soft-hearted.”
Of course, he knew that it wasn’t the case, but as he had never felt that way so quickly before, he was overwhelmed. He chuckles nervously,
"That..." he points at the computer. "That blog you showed me!" The disgust in his voice was clearly audible.
Frowning theatrically, Mike shakes his head with sorrow, "poor kid, was he really all alone?"
Taking his hand to keep him near him, the detective delicately kissed the man’s forehead, then whispered, “thank you, John.” As the tender moment elongated, the feeling that he wasn’t honest with the man in front of him was the only thing that stopped him to ask ‘can you stay with me tonight?’.
Entering the lobby, Sherlock purchased two tickets and they start the ascension to the first part of the visit, the garret. It was a medium size room covering a history of Victorian medicine. From drugs and herbs to terrible looking medical instruments. John was excited, as he read all the descriptions, touched whatever he was allowed to, explaining to the detective the current methods that replace them.
Absorbing his presence as an elixir, he analysed the doctor as if it was the first time. Noting the small glass of liquor, the wrinkled newspaper opened at the crosswords, his worrying but caring eyes, the bandaged hand...
Unable to resist the childish gesture, he quickly covers his mouth with his hands.
Funny: An experiment that was written as a Sherlock Holmes story! http://www.chymist.com/properties.pdf
“Oh my god,” Victor stuttered, running his hands through his hair as he finally comprehended how unprepared he was for this.
John’s heart stopped as the ship jerked to one side, lifting Sherlock’s feet high off the ground before slamming him back down to the floor. Apparently not learning his lesson, he leaned over the edge again. This time a violent wind knocked into him while the ship lurched sharply in the same direction. Sherlock legs flew overboard, leaving him hanging off the edge by his arms.
“Oh, John!”
Every other time John had turned down a case, he was left feeling miserable and empty inside. Not this time. He knew what was in their near future.
“John, move!!” He couldn’t. He was frozen. The chandelier gained momentum as the ‘N’ was etched into the ceiling, right before-
John laid on his side in the bed, listening in silence as Sherlock told him everything. He told him about Janine, his best friend while he was working for Evans. He talked about their memories, the way she laughed and smiled, the way she was able to make people laugh even in those dark times. He told him about the night she tried to run away, pregnant with her and her boyfriend’s baby. About how Evans threatened to hurt her, and Sherlock interfered. How Evans shot her in cold blood and made Sherlock and Irene clean out her possessions and dispose of the body. How he was never the same after that. How the look on her face as she dropped to her knees still haunts him.
“Well, I was a bit busy at the time getting everything with your fake corpse in order.”
“John, please. For the love of God. Shut up.”
The time he had been taking care of Sherlock after Irene had drugged him. He came to check on him, brought him some water, and before he could stop himself had dropped a kiss onto his forehead. Given, Sherlock was drugged out of his mind and likely didn’t remember. But either way, neither spoke of the incident again.
“Yes, alright. Put me down, love,” John said chuckling while putting his hands up in defense.  Sherlock obeyed, but only after pecking a happy kiss on his cheek. John put his hand to the spot and reddened.
John’s mind whirred at top speed. He tried to think like Sherlock. What would he do if his head weren’t bashed up? He looked around. There were no extraneous lasers pointing at them like there were with Moriarty. That meant Mary was here alone. That made sense since this was her own personal revenge on him, and she was likely going against Moriarty’s orders by hurting Sherlock on her own. He doubted she would have help. He glanced to the side at his gun lying on the floor. Keeping Sherlock’s head cradled tightly to his chest, he began scooting them towards it.
“Alright?”
the smile said, answering the question in Sherlock’s eyes.
Just as he drifted off, he was woken by a pointy chin propping up on his chest.
“What happened to Irene?” he demanded.
“Sherlock Holmes, will you dance with me?”
But then her world was turned upside down, yet again.
“Sherlock, shut up. None of us could have stopped what happened.”
“Oh, and John.”
“He can, but it was annoying to watch him pining while he should be focused on this case. Now he’s got his date and he can focus on what’s important.”
“You’re insufferable,” John murmured against his mouth.
At last, three rapid knocks on the front door broke the spell. Sherlock reluctantly pulled away from his lips with a look that somehow combined curiosity and seething fury at whoever had interrupted them.
Sherlock finished the letter, smiling fondly. He placed the letter and photograph up on the mantlepiece, tucked behind his skull. He then picked up his violin and perched it on his shoulder. Standing by the window, he gazed out at Baker Street before closing his eyes and lifting the bow.
John turned his face towards him. He was looking down, clearly upset. After several moments of silence, he finally spoke.
“It’s fine. I’ll try again tomorrow.” Tomorrow. He thought. John will go without food or drink all the way until tomorrow. If intimidation and food deprivation had no effect on him, there was no point in denying him something to eat.
So that turned out way longer than I expected lol. I hope you enjoyed it anyway.
“Does Sally know?” It was something he’d been wondering since he left, but never dwelled on.
“I don’t know the details. But apparently he watched his parents get gunned down by pirates when he was just a kid. Never recovered. Closed his heart off forever and gave up on loving again.”
John hung up and finally made his way out the door. He jogged down the dark, deserted hallway, pushing open each door he passed, his panic rising with each empty room.
John thought fondly. His heart swelled up in affection for him.
Up in his second-floor room, he changed into his t-shirt and pants and climbed into bed. The last thing he had wanted to do was go to bed by himself tonight after what had happened.
“I’m sorry?”
“Yeah,” John breathed just loud enough for him to hear. He exhaled heavily and closed his eyes. The door creaked open just enough for Sherlock to peak his head inside.
“John?”
John looked back at him over Stacey’s shoulder, who was dancing in front of him.
He saw the outside light flick on underneath the door followed by a pattering of feet running up the stairs.
“Take good care of him, John.”
“Your clothes.”
Goddammit! he thought again, enraged as he hopped away from the bar counter and fled after them. Sherlock and Ray slipped out the door into a darkened hallway. There was no telling where they were off to. As John squeezed his way between people, he felt up his pockets to double check his gun was there. He pushed his way through the crowds of people, worried about Sherlock, but also furious at him for stupidly running off alone with a murderer without telling him.
He clenched his fist as a bead of cold sweat trickled down the back of his neck.  He could feel adrenaline flooding through his body. The memory caused his heart rate to rise alarmingly. He took a deep breath, calming himself down.
“What? Oh, yes. No major damage done. Just a nasty bump is all,” she looked stunned at his inquiry, considering he was the one who had been shot. But then, she smiled as if understanding something for the first time.
John looked up from his paper and grinned smugly at Sherlock, who was attempting to pin him with a menacing glare. When John didn't budge or break the eye contact for a full minute, Sherlock huffed dramatically and bent down to remove his shoes.
Comments and kudos are much appreciated :)
“I don’t know. He ran off,” Julia said with a slight smirk at him.
“Oh, come on. Surely breaking and entering a couple of times and getting into some fights don’t put us in the same category as being a paid assassin and stealing multiple identities.”
John bit his lip and looked further away. A knot formed in his chest and he felt a flush creep into his cheeks. He tried to swallow the lump in his throat and blink away the hot tears forming behind his eyes.
When the door to the 221B closed after her, a still silence settled over the flat.
This chapter contains drug use and vague references to past sexual assault.
He burrowed back into the sheets, wanting to hide from the world. How the hell was he going to explain this? Might as well get it over with. Shaking his head, he allowed himself to indulge in a few more minutes of inhaling the sweet, Sherlock-scented sheets before he pulled himself out of bed, stretched painfully, and made his way to the kitchen.
He couldn’t try to have a secret relationship with Sherlock either. Mary would instantly figure that out too. Like she said, she’s not an idiot. She really has him backed into a tight corner and she knew it. No wonder she was so smug.
“I’m saying, now we’ll never know for sure, if some nitwit performed the autopsy and the files are nowhere to be found.” He paused slightly as an idea formed. “Where is he?”
Sherlock closed his mouth and nodded his understanding.
“Yes, that’s what I thought. We could end him. Together, we could burn his heart out.”
“Aw, look at you two,” Mary taunted, looking down at Sherlock. “You know you can speak right? Or are you too enamored with your knight in shining armor?”
They remained just like that, swaying slowly in place, their gazes lowered down. It was so beautifully intimate, so
“Sorry, what was it you were saying?” he asked as he slipped the gun into his own pocket.
“No, John. I was not.” His tone was sharper, more final. Sherlock was back to his work and meant for John to leave the conversation there.
Sherlock reached in again and pulled out a brand new scarf. But this one was different. It was a deep purple, its silky satin glimmering in the rain. Sherlock ran his fingers through the unbelievably soft material, letting it fall through his fingers like liquid.
She unbuttoned her jacket irritably. Nothing sounded better than pouring herself a glass of wine and settling in front of the couch as soon as she got home. Only a few more hours of her shift at the clinic and she could welcome the warm buzz only alcohol could provide her.
“I’ll ask again, Jim. What do you want?”
“WHAT THE BLOODY HELL WERE YOU DOING?!”
John struggled against Jackson’s grip on his arms, but it was no use. On the ground, Sherlock put a hand to his nose, which was covered in blood along with the entire bottom half of his face.
For those of you who have just started school again, I hope everything is going great!
“Oh Sherlock, you’re making a mess.”
“Er, yeah. I see you cleaned up then,” he said gesturing to the spotless coffee table in the living room.
With growing horror, John nearly dropped the bowl. “Did you DRUG ME?!” He dropped the bowl, spilling soup everywhere, and felt a wave of dizziness overcome him. Black spots danced before his eyes as he backed up into his cot.
One beat. Two. Three.
Mary clicked the bullet in the chamber and aimed at Sherlock’s head.
John blinked slowly at him, as if he was an idiot. “Of course not.”
Four years ago, he’d been living on the streets of London. Cold every night. Hungry every night. Alone. Sad. Usually high. But one small event sparked a change in his life that he would be forever grateful for. It pained him to think of where he might be if he’d never met John in the dark garage that night. If they hadn’t run into each other again at Sholto’s place. If John had never left Mary’s network to come live with him. He’d probably still be homeless. Maybe even dead. Curled up in a gutter somewhere with a needle in his arm.
Sherlock looked
“Yes, John. I’m fine.”
Kicking and struggling, he grasped at the chains, trying to uncross them when he felt the sharp metal break into his skin.
He attracted the appalled gazes of several nearby guests. Sherlock beamed down at him, smug that he had gotten him to laugh this hard.
“What the hell does it want with me? I’m not a child anymore!”
Relief flooded Sherlock’s heart. He lowered his head to hide the small twitch of his lips. Good old Irene. Wonderful Irene. He swelled with pride knowing that the same woman who’d always berated him and Janine for running away had finally gotten the chance to do it herself.
But John couldn’t do it. He couldn’t forget.
“Good, good… Today you’ll be training and working with our gunner. Mopping seemed ill-fitted for you, and I think it’s best that someone keeps an eye on you while you’re up here. Since you can’t stay out of trouble on your own. MOLLY!” he bellowed.
John still wasn’t sure if what had happened in the mansion had meant anything to Sherlock at all, and didn’t know how to ask him. He had never seemed particularly interested in sex or romance before, and certainly not with him. He had made that especially clear their very first night.
“I’m trying so hard.”
John hung up from Sherlock’s phone call and half jogged to his bedroom. He had almost forgotten all about that damn drive. He’d kept the real one of course, and had looked through it quite thoroughly with Sherlock. What they found there was not what they had expected. There were only two documents on it. Both contained only a list of names. One was obviously a list of everyone she had killed, as well as the year and location. The other one, they figured, was a list of identities she’d taken over the years. At the top of the list was ‘Annabelle Gertrude Rosamund Abbott.’ At the bottom: Mary Morstan.
C H R I S T I N E.
“His feet are chained to the bottom!” he bellowed in fury loud enough for several officers to turn and look at them.
of it sounded nice."
“Welcome to the crew, mate.” Glancing over Greg’s shoulder, John glimpsed Victor staring daggers at him. He began to wonder if that’s how the news spread. It only happened last night, and John and Sherlock hadn’t told anyone, so how did the entire crew find out? If Victor knew, he would have told Jackson and Bolt. Greg, being his roommate, would have been sure to overhear something and would have in turn told Molly. It was the only thing that made sense. But how could Victor possibly know unless… No.
He took her hands again. “And we can have that again! Just you and me. Like we were always supposed to be.”
he communicated back, along with an
John drummed his fingers on the armrest for a moment before continuing. “He found my sister. In Scotland. Remember I told you she ran off?” Sherlock hummed in confirmation. “He’s willing to reach out and . . . reconnect us I guess.”
With that, they parted ways for the night.
Sherlock stopped all movement and stepped back.
The skin of his face felt tight and uncomfortable from the dried up tears he hadn’t wiped off his face. He realized he hadn’t even changed into his night clothes. He had torn off his silver-gray blazer, opened the top two buttons of this shirt, and crashed onto the bed, falling asleep almost instantly.
"As I've told you countless times before, I see no reason to bother with such pointless and tedious matters. Come on, we have a case."
Minor scratches were scattered about Sherlock’s face and arms. He had showered and changed into a shirt and dress pants, but still appeared drained. Splinters covered his hands, which thankfully now had their color restored.
“Hey, Sherlock?”
As always, hope you enjoy and please comment! :)
“Sherlock. I need help.”
“Do I know you? You look… familiar.” Beside John, Sherlock, breathing heavily in barely-controlled rage, was glaring wrathfully at the man through the fallen curls in front of his eyes.
The delicate beam of sunlight peeking through the curtains teased John’s eyes open. The events of the previous night came pleasantly flooding back into his memory and he smiled sleepily to himself. He turned his face secretly hoping Sherlock would still be there, but was disappointed to see the other half of the bed empty.
He turned into the kitchen to see Sherlock already dressed and putting on his coat. He had expected at least a little awkwardness to ensue between them. After all, they had just slept all night in the same bed- had even cuddled a bit. But Sherlock appeared perfectly normal, bustling around the kitchen, doing five things at once, preparing to head out.
“Throughout the year, he makes several deals and proposals, legal and illegal. This almost always requires at least one confidant. Someone who knows every last detail of every dirty scheme, theft, and bargain he’s been a part of. When he’s finished with his business, he can’t have those people still hanging around. He has to do away with them or else they might talk. Willingly or unwillingly.”
“You sure? It could be fun.”
“Oh I see. So you were a bad cop yesterday and a good cop today, is that it?” John watched Sherlock take a deep breath, as if reminding himself to be patient.
(See the end of the chapter for
John wondered how he could have ever possibly doubted Sherlock. He was capable of giving so much love, so much tenderness, and he was the luckiest person in the world to be receiving every last drop of it.
As if on cue, the entire house shook again with a deep growl. The lights sparked and two picture frames fell from the wall.
When he turned back around, he found his path blocked by two suited men. He held eye contact with them, waiting for them to move, but their feet remained planted. They stood shoulder to shoulder, blocking off any room for John to maneuver around them.
John thought. Sherlock had done something kind for him and he spat in his face. Now here he was in comforting him in the middle of the night.
Sherlock suddenly downed the rest of the whiskey in one gulp and then set the glass aside. He leaned forward and buried his face in his hands.
“It was.” They smiled warmly at each other, remembering that this was the case that eventually pulled them together. All those parties, the dinners, the dancing . . .
He couldn’t tell Sherlock about Mary. He couldn’t. She would know. And she would kill him. He blinked away the hot tears in his eyes but remained silent.
This weekend trip was last minute, but they had both packed their things by the time evening had rolled around and the sky had turned to dusk. They loaded their bags into the cab, continuing to check for all the essentials.
?” Sherlock tore another chunk of wood off the wall and several connecting bones fell alongside it in a loose pile.
eyes fixed on him. When he leaned back, Sherlock seemed to be malfunctioning. His eyes fluttered madly. Was ‘adorable’ an appropriate way to describe a man like him?
“-wring your scrawny little neck-”
Also, this fic was loosely inspired by Ed Sheeran's song "Hearts Don't Break Around Here," if you didn't already know. So go give that a listen if you want! :)
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh, by the way, it'd be better if you kept those on," he said, glancing at the shoes.
Hearty laughter erupted from the floors beneath them as they heard Greg and Molly chatting cordially once more. Heavy footsteps vibrated through the ship as the other men wandered the halls below. The sounds of other life on the ship reminded Sherlock and John of what they certainly should not be doing so openly on the deck.
For a moment they just enjoyed this – the two of them back in Baker Street, back in their chairs by the fireplace and ready to take on the world. Small smiles tugged at the corners of their lips as they reminisced those old days.
“Sherlock, can you hear me?” he called out, knowing he’d be able to hear him in his earpiece.
“Sherlock?”
Starred as important was an email from a mysterious looking account with only symbols as the address. He opened it and clicked on the attachment at the bottom.
Inside, various kits were being opened, screens were beeping, and hoards of medical terminology were being thrown around by the two paramedics hovering over the stretcher.
Her assault rifle and two semi-automatics still lay there, collecting dust.  She clutched her chest in relief. She knew they’d still be there. But after today, she felt a burning need to check as soon as she came home, just to be sure. She barely even heard John dart back out as soon as they’d arrived. Probably off to Baker Street or who knows where. There were more important issues at hand:
John beamed radiantly up at Sherlock.
He got a few mumbles in return, and a genuine smile from Leah. With that, he turned down the hallway and walked down to his bedroom. He paused in front of his door with his hand on the handle. It was only 7, o’clock, he thought. He still had another five hours before he had to call Sherlock. Five hours to himself where he knew everyone else in the motel would be engrossed in a game. He pulled his hand back from the knob and looked down the rest of the hallway that he hadn’t explored yet.
And with that, he was out the door, leaving John alone in the kitchen with the invitation in his hand.
This is the first time I've every written something romantic like this! It was quite fun ;) Please, please comment with your feedback!
Sherlock’s hand rushed forward to smooth his hair off his forehead. “Shh,” he whispered. “She’s dead. Everything’s okay.” He smiled softly, brushing his hand down to cup John’s cheek.
“Gun?”
In front of them, Sherlock and Victor faced each other. Victor smiled at him, for a good moment, and then cocked his arm back and punched Sherlock in the nose, knocking him to the ground.
I hope you're not
“I…. feel I owe all of you an apology. Allowing you all to be hurt like this-”
He adjusted slightly as to not disturb Sherlock and looked up. He had endearingly fallen asleep with his hands still loosely steepled, and his jaw hanging open. John smiled fondly and nestled further into his warmth before closing his eyes again.
**********
“Are you asking me to spy on him?”
Sherlock nodded, but remained silent – something he learned while working at Scotland Yard for the last month. Greg Lestrade had been calling them for help with cases every now and then. He and John were both honorary detectives at this point. From speaking with victims, suspects, and witnesses, Sherlock had learned that if you stay quiet rather than asking questions, people feel inclined to fill the silence and will continue talking on their own.
Once they had food in front of their faces, the moment was lost. They ate in harmonious silence, their knees once again knocking under the table.
The crewmen carried the last of their newly acquired assets to their ship, leaving them alone on the deck with Moriarty. He strolled over slowly and looked down at them with a nasty smirk.
“Yes, Sherlock. Please.”
“First aid kit?”
John grinned at him. “Check my blog later today.”
“Okay, shut up, John. At least I wasn’t the one to spill the drink!”
“My problem –?” he stopped himself and breathed deeply.
“Oh, yeah?” He tried not to sound too shocked. That would be a dead giveaway. “I’m proud of you.” He could feel Sherlock grin, even without seeing him. “What brought this on?” he prompted, hoping he would tell him about last night.
“Why is this the most interesting case for months? All we need to do is weasel our way into his ranks and put a stop to his illegal activities, yeah?”
“Now hang on a minute! I wasn’t-”
“What the hell was that?”
*****
“I said shut up!” Sherlock flinched and cowered under John’s heated gaze.
Sherlock cupped the back of John’s neck and pressed their foreheads together.
But wasn’t the whole point of keeping things casual between them to avoid this exact thing? Feelings? Heartbreak?
“I’m . . . I’m with someone, yeah.”
The sounds around him merged into a low, garbled mess, but his slow heartbeat pounded loud and clear in his ears.
“Right, yes. Actually I’ve got to um… sorry,” he stumbled and turned to go back up to the flat. He had to apologize to Sherlock immediately. God, he was awful to him.
“That’s fine. When will another table be available?”
“John, enough,” she said calmly. Her eyes suddenly went dead cold once again. She was ready to kill.
No, he wasn’t dead. If Sherlock was dead, he would know it. Somehow. It was far more likely that Mary was waiting there with him. But who knew what they had been up to all these hours? The fire of panic in his stomach didn’t settle one bit as the taxi pulled up to his destination.
“Don’t bother. You’re going nowhere unless I allow it,” said a somewhat distant voice. Victor Trevor approached the three of them from the hallway that lead them there.
The rest of his breathless greeting trailed off as they rushed to the middle of the floor and enveloped each other in a bone-crushing hug.
They usually slept in the same bed when they traveled together, purely out of convenience. It had started on one case when the only hotel room available had just one bed. It was cheaper and smarter to be in close quarters if something came up and they needed to reach each other. Plus, with John’s history of PTSD, it was easier to have someone with him at night when sleeping in an unfamiliar setting. It just worked for them.
Sherlock pounded his back and he continued to cough up more water.
The sound of the door to 221B slamming open pulled John hallway out of his slumber.
Beppo had killed his boyfriend Pierto after a heated argument, and then pushed the penknife into the clay of a drying Thatcher sculpture. He confessed to the murder when Sherlock and John caught him breaking into various houses to find the sculpture with his knife so he could destroy it.
“Humperdinck!”
“What’s the matter Annie?” he asked in that fake, sticky-sweet voice he used when he was toying with someone. “Aren’t you happy to see me?” He looked down at her bulging stomach with a raised eyebrow. “Or should I say, both of you?”
Sherlock leaned forward and placed his hands under his chin.
John got up and followed him to the kitchen. “No, really! I think you should call Mycroft and tell him how you feel. It would be really sweet.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“John, it’s perfect. Today was perfect. Thank you.” John broke out into a huge grin and took the scarf from Sherlock. He looped it around his neck, almost having to stand on his tip-toes, and then hitched his coat collar up.
Just as Sherlock was going to ask for his social security number, John and Lestrade burst in the door.
This was not how tonight was supposed to go. He was supposed to keep his distance and fucking behave himself.
She watched him buttoning his shirt from the bed, smiling at him like a mom who knew who her kid’s crush was. He averted his eyes in annoyance. He’d very much like to tell her where she could stick her comments about Sherlock, as he could be in great danger right now, but he held his tongue.
“You did your best, mate. But we’re in this together,” Greg added with a smile.
“No, please!” Victor blubbered. Moriarty stood and nodded to the man holding Victor at gunpoint, his eyes void of any emotion or sympathy. The man clicked a bullet into the chamber of his gun and, without a second’s hesitation, shot him in the head.
“What did you mean when you said you were going to take me home? I am home. I’m with you.”
Sherlock’s pout deepened but he still didn’t respond. He continued staring at the floor, never once meeting John’s eye, with his hands clasped uncomfortably in front of him. The beginnings of tears seemed to be welling up in his eyes.
“Would you like to dance?”
“God, we are never taking a case like that again,” John said through his laughter, as they sat up and dusted dirt, grime, and rubble off each other.
When his pounding heart had calmed down to a reasonably steady rate, he opened his eyes. Sitting on his bedside watching him calmly through the darkness was Sherlock. Of course it was Sherlock. Sherlock who had graciously accepted him back into Baker Street after his maniac wife was killed. Sherlock who had tolerated his increasing emotional distance since the business with said wife ended. Sherlock who had made an appearance in his bedroom every time he had a nightmare since he moved back in.
to see you… like this.” He swallowed tightly again, his Adam’s apple bobbing. “Afraid. And in pain. Right in front of me. I want to be here with you, John. I want to help you. Please…let me.”
John woke up to a pounding headache and the blinding, white morning light burning his eyes.
Throughout dinner, the two of them mostly kept to themselves at their table. Sherlock entertained him by deducing the guests, making him laugh inappropriately.
Sherlock still looked drunkenly confused. “But we’re sitting close now,” he pointed out.
But Jim. Jim had said he’d ensure Sherlock’s death at whatever cost, be it his own life. However, she thought the implication was that he’d somehow fake it. Not die for real, or just disappear for months on end. She didn’t know what to think.
“Sleep well?”
John turned to adjust the heat, but a limp hand flopped out and latched onto his sleeve.
Sherlock’s eyes glistened with the early formation of tears as he continued. “Would you have cried, John? Would you have missed me at all?”
“This. This shutting me out. Refusing to communicate with me. Just stop it. Do you realize how much could’ve been avoided if you would just talk to me, Sherlock? You were almost killed by that bloody cabbie because you ran after him without me. We almost died at that damn pool because you decided would be a good idea to rendezvous with a criminal mastermind by yourself. And then there’s when you fell…” His voice faltered a little here. He took a few deep breaths to regain his composure and continued when he trusted his himself to speak again. Sherlock was back in his microscope, ignoring his words and refusing to meet his eye.
At least there was plenty of room for both of them on the bed, John thought gratefully as he pulled their bags into the room.
Sherlock could move in too. It could be great for both of them.
He buried his face in his arms as his whole body trembled with shuddering sobs. Hot tears streaked down his face. They spilled onto the forearm he was biting into to muffle the sound. Though, he knew it was no use.  He was positive Sherlock could hear him downstairs.
“Well. I am familiar with the practice of muscle manipulation. I could. If you want.”
“No! I never said –“
Sherlock blushed a deep crimson shade and accepted, allowing himself to be lifted and led to the center of their floor.
He allowed his gaze to drop to those pink, plush lips, and his thoughts to drift to how much he longed to lean forwards and kiss them. Just once. Slowly and gently, to feel them, soft between his own. His imagination told him it would be electrifying. He settled for gripping his hand tighter in affection.
Sherlock scowled down at him and spat, “Fine. Stay down here and rot.” And with a dramatic flip of his coat behind him, he was gone.
“Think you’ll settle down then? Maybe your wedding will be next.”
John smiled warmly at the memory. “What about it?”
With one last particularly hard suckle on Sherlock’s mouth, John released him. Sherlock smiled breathlessly, his face still in John’s firm hands. “Let’s take you home, John.”
Sherlock busied himself the next day researching the Walter’s family, specifically Gina and her children. He assigned John the task of finding everything he could on the town in the years leading up to her suicide.Turns out there had actually been several missing children named in the area at the time.  Gina’s missing child wasn’t an unusual case. Sherlock discovered that the Walters family had a history of various mental illnesses. Particularly an unusual number of schizophrenia cases.
Sherlock instantly ordered his usual for him. “He’ll have the spicy fra diavolo.”
This was the scar from the bullet John had taken for him. It saved his life, and for that, Sherlock found it beautiful, too.
*****
“John?” he nearly whispered, not breaking the eye contact.
Sherlock’s eyes glistened again, and he lowered himself back on his chest. “Oh John . . .”
Almost in an instant, something seemed to click and he began tearing away at the wilting, wooden boards.
“Is there anything you can’t do?” John said jokingly. “Martial arts, the animals, the band . . . quite the list of skill sets.”
“You're the one that I want. You are the one I want, ooh ooh ooh, honey.”
“Tony and Sean. Tony brought his girlfriend Leah. And uh, Victor’s here, too.”
Three days later, John and Sherlock stumbled into 221B together, aching, exhausted, and worn. They removed their coats and shoes slowly and in silence. Sherlock then walked John into the living room - into their home - supporting him gently by the small of his back.
John’s phone rang in his pocket. He fished it out in a hurry, hoping it was Sherlock only to be disappointed: Unknown number. He answered anyway.
“Go on then, genius. What’s your theory?” John challenged, crossing his arms. He didn’t know what the hell was wrong with Sherlock. At this point he was blindly denying what was in front of his face. It simply killed him inside that he couldn’t explain it away with science and logic.
“It’s okay, John. Go to sleep.” Sherlock’s hand was back in his hair, stroking it gently.
“No.”
“Oh my god.”
“You know you have my number. You could just call. Like a normal person.”
“Oh, and John,” Mycroft said. “One more thing.”
John smiled back and took Sherlock’s hand, leading him to the dance floor. They faced each other and took their positions.
“Of course. She would have been just as welcome. We would have been able to take care of her.”
“Sher . . .” he panted as he gulped a lungful of air. The entire front of his shirt dripped in sweat. He leaned his head back and tried to steady his breathing.
That was her biggest mistake. Sherlock somehow survived and exposed her to John-
The cab ride had been forty minutes of John trying his hardest not to gawk at the gorgeous man beside him, all while their legs were pressed snugly together. He tried looking down at his lap but got distracted watching Sherlock rub his hand up and down his own thigh very slowly. When that became too much, he had settled on staring pointedly out the window for the rest of the ride.
Mary’s cold chuckle brought them both back. “Aw, how heartwarming. Such a tragic story, you two. So sad it has to end like this.” She delivered another nasty blow to Sherlock’s head. This time he fell over, the blood dripping down his cheek.
“Shit . . .” John whispered. Sherlock didn’t move for several long moments. He stayed pressed against him in the dark, breathing onto the side of his head. John didn’t mind. In fact, he quite enjoyed the warmth of their bodies pressed together.
John started at this outburst and opened his eyes and look at Sherlock. He was standing by his bedside with his hands clasped in front of him.
“No. But that was quite the case.”
“Care to explain it then?” Victor said, cocking his eyebrow confidently.
“Yeah. You got into it, too. Shoving me off the couch and insisting that I be your damsel in distress.”
John collapsed onto his back once more and breathed in relief. A wave of drowsiness overcame him. He wanted nothing more than to escape back to the safety of sleep this instant.
"Nothing? No new stories for me? No fights, drama, gossip... new boyfriends..."
He mouthed down to his belly. When John felt him smile slightly into his skin, he looked down again. Sherlock was hovering over the second bullet wound on his ribs. This one was too fresh for Sherlock to touch it directly, so instead he pecked tiny, gentle kisses on the sensitive skin around it. When finished, he beamed back up at John with the same radiant smile as before.
Dear God, she knew they kissed. John just knew it. She had to know. There’s no other reason she would be calling.
The air was muggy with an oncoming thunderstorm. They’d be lucky if they made it home before the rain started to pour.
“I don’t eat on a case, John.”
“I can’t, John. You would never… I’m not worth…”
“Well, because . . . you know.” Sherlock’s eyes told him he did not. “You look, well, rather amazing tonight.” He blushed and looked down. When he got no reply, he cautiously rose his gaze back up to find Sherlock smiling radiantly down at him like he was the sun.
“Your brother, Mycroft.”
“I told you someone broke into our office last night.”
“What happened? Where’d he go?” Lestrade called, jogging up beside them
As always, I appreciate all comments and kudos and hope you enjoyed!
Alarm bells went off in his head.
“Really?”
“You okay, love?” John asked one evening as he brought him his cuppa.
Something softened in Sherlock’s eyes, and he looked at him as if for the first time. Then, slowly, his face cracked into a wide grin, his eyes bright and glistening.
“Depends on when we get the information we need and when are able to call for his arrest.”
“Oh, sweetheart, I’m not finished. Giving you a little puzzle to solve and making your lives a dangerous, chaotic hell is Moriarty’s job. I want to make you suffer a different way. A more, well,
His heart stopped cold at the voice he heard.
“Having fun?” John asked, regarding the music he was overhearing on the phone.
“Perhaps it would have been,” Sherlock said wistfully, his eyes fading out as he retreated back into his thoughts.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at him and dipped one hand lower on Julia.
“No.”
“I heard.”
“It doesn’t matter.” He turned his back and busied himself putting his knife away. After a moment of careful consideration, Sherlock marched up and forcibly turned him around by the shoulder.
“You must be joking.”
He hopped out and followed the same path he did all those years ago when he had been here with Moriarty. Adrenaline flooded through his veins, but not in the same satisfying way it did when he was on a thrilling case. No, this was a dreadful, burning ache in his whole body.
This was pretty much the last "set up" chapter. I know there's a lot of being thrown at you guys here, and I hope it's making sense plot-wise, but now that everything's laid out we can get into the Johnlocky stuff! Thanks for sticking with it through all the nitty gritty plot set up :)
“And that’s Sherlock, who you know, the captain. And that’s Victor next to him. His second-in-command.”
“Sherlock!”
“What does that even mean?” John asked.
Mary reading John's texts was inspired by that scene where she reads his blog despite his requests that she doesn't. It said a lot to me about their domestic life.
Victor’s weeping stopped abruptly, and he fell forward from his knees hitting the ground with a sickening, final thud.
John simply continued to stare into the fire. He knew if he didn’t, his eyes would travel up to the painting of Gina, and he couldn’t stand to look at her.
“Because based on how you’ve acted lately, you want nothing to do with me!”
His heart dropped as he slammed the door to their living room open. The lights were off. Complete silence. The flat was never this . . . empty when Sherlock was home. Even if he was just laying comatose on the sofa, he somehow still made his presence known to everyone that entered the room.
“Scared, John?” Sherlock drawled low into his ear, when they were surrounded by darkness once more.
“Bloody BASTARD!” John reluctantly lied down when his head was spinning too much to remain upright and slowly slipped out of consciousness.
Someone clapped John on the back, and he turned around to find Greg and the others circling around them.
“What the hell are you talking about?”
Thanks to everyone who's been reading this, and huge thanks to my beta Munya (@music-over-matter on tumblr)!
Sherlock now knew that they both wanted more than what they had. For years he had thought his feelings were unrequited, that he was doomed for a lifetime of silent longing. But now that he knew otherwise, all he had to do was tell John. And he had been planning to for several days. But the right opportunity had never arisen.
“Shut up, John. It doesn’t matter. Just forget it.” He spoke gently as his hand continued to soothe him.
John and Sherlock reached their table on the far side of the hall and sat down. No one else was there at the moment, although there were jackets around the backs of a few chairs and some unfolded napkins. They wouldn’t be dining alone.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You're the one that I want. You are the one I want, ooh ooh ooh, honey.”
Sherlock stopped abruptly in front of the fireplace, looking like he was ready to explode in frustration. He picked up the Ouija board, which had been perched nicely on the mantelpiece.
John sat with his arm comfortingly on the back of her chair. As Sherlock explained what they found in the mansion, her sobs quickly transformed into tears of relief. Her childhood trauma was resolved, and she wasn’t crazy as everyone had believed.
Anger flashed through her at the memory of him exposing her identity to John in the most humiliating way.
“What? What would it have done to you, John? Please tell me exactly what would have happened.” he shot back, his eyes hard and challenging. “Would you have been upset, John? Would it have affected you so much to have me removed from your life? Would it really?”
“This. Rescuing me. Everyone thinking I’m your damn damsel in distress. I’m fucking useless, Sherlock. Mycroft was right.”
She pulled her hands away, shaking her head weakly. “That was years ago. I’ve moved on.” Even as the words left her mouth, she knew they were a lie.
John shrugged one shoulder. “Falling prey to sentiment. You pride yourself on being so above it all. And . . . you seemed pretty disappointed just now.”
*****
The letters ME and TH were written underneath along with a date and time.
“John, may I lead?” Sherlock asked.
John cut him off by leaning in and pressing the gentlest kiss on his mouth. Just a chaste brush of the lips. The moment was electrified, the air so heavy with tension that neither of them moved for several seconds. John lingered there on his lips, both of them still as statues and then pulled back looking up at Sherlock.
Sherlock’s lips pursed into a tight line, but he didn’t object.
The muscles in his face were completely relaxed. No sharp lines at his forehead or cheeks. No hard set of his jaw. A dark tuft of hair had fallen forward, slightly covering one of his eyes. He rested with his cheek propped up on his fist, his mouth hanging open slightly. To top it off, a tiny bit of drool had collected at the corner of his mouth.
“I do,” he repeated, though his voice now felt thicker in his throat. “I had a person like that. But uhh. . . not anymore,” he added as his heart began to stiffen with remorse once again. “Things kind of went downhill.”
“Aye.”
“What?” John asked, resisting another roll of his eyes.
The upbeat intro to “You’re the One That I Want” from Grease played, and everyone applauded at the familiar song.
*****
Sherlock’s eyes snapped up towards his. They seemed to be begging him to say something more. John could only stare back and hope he’d answer with what he wanted to hear.
The two of them sprinted down the streets after a killer they’d been tracking for weeks.
“Oh, god,” he groggily mumbled as he shifted in his bed.
He found Sherlock gazing back up at him with a warm smile. He let his head fall back onto the pillow, his eyes growing misty with affection, as he realized what that smile meant.
“Just fuck off, will you? Fucking prat.”
Together, they swayed absent-mindedly on the spot, wrapped in each other’s arms, eyes closed and smiling to themselves.
Before he knew it he was babbling out every detail of his marriage to Mary. How manipulative she was. How controlling she was. How he felt about the miscarriage and leaving her. All of it. Except the phone call from earlier.
She gave John a respectful mourning period of about six months before landing a job at his clinic and becoming Mary Morstan.
“Of course.” She covered her mouth as it stretched into a huge yawn. “You said it was urgent.”
“Oh, you’re right!”
“No, it’s okay. I’m going to turn in soon anyway,”
The door to Sherlock’s room opened and Molly stepped out followed by a furious looking Victor holding a change of clothes. “John. Sherlock says he wants you moved from the brig to a nicer cabin.”
“Which one?” he asked, dropping into his chair. “The museum bomber? The school bus serial killer?”
But it seemed that to him, it had always just been about the case and the convenience, if he really wanted John to move upstairs this time.
“Yeah?” John said. He didn’t seem angry at the suggestion. Rather, he sincerely wanted to hear the reasoning behind it.
The absurdity of everything they had just been through caught up to them, and they broke out in a fit of adrenaline-fueled giggles.
The two of them sipped on their beers watching in silence. Before long, John had sent Sherlock to fetch two more. Sherlock began criticizing the cliché romantic tropes used in every other scene, huffing and puffing about how predictable and utterly boring it was. John snorted into his bottle hiding a smile.
He remembered Mary’s threat to kill him and the warm serenity in his chest diminished quickly. He swallowed tightly and rubbed his forehead. Sherlock could tell he was distressed, and pulled the blankets up to his chest for him.
Once again- for the full effect, listen to the song! It's one of the most johnlocky songs I've ever heard and I adore it
What John expected when pulling Sherlock away from his microscope was an angry detective on his hands. What he did not expect were clenched eyes, a red nose, and shiny, tear stricken cheeks.
“I love you.” It was barely there. The faintest whisper that slipped past those plush lips. But there was no mistaking those three words.
On most days, Sherlock woke up far earlier than him, bustling around the kitchen, creating a ruckus, and not making an ounce of an effort to keep the volume down for him. On some days, they woke up at the same time, usually in a jumbled mess of tangled limbs. Sherlock was a cuddler. Often times, his face would be tucked snugly into John’s neck with his arms wrapped possessively around him.  They’d open their eyes and gaze adoringly at each other, their faces flushed, their hair sticking up in all directions. Then they’d melt into a fit of sleepy giggles and kiss lazily until they had to get up.
“Were you not here last night? Something almost killed me! I would’ve died if you didn’t show up.”
“You were unarmed! He could have killed you, Sherlock! Do you understand that? Do you understand what could have happened tonight? What it would have done to me?” That last part slipped out before John could stop himself. Sherlock stopped in his tracks and turned to look him directly in the eye.
But John was paralyzed to the spot, watching the cracks appear around the chandelier, as if an invisible being was axing them into the ceiling.
“Well, shit.” This certainly explained why strange things had only happened to him. Nothing happened to Sherlock until he chucked a Ouija board across a room.
He gripped either side of Stacey’s face, pulled her in, and snogged her furiously. She kissed him back aggressively, much to his surprise, running her fingers through his hair as he dominated her tongue with his own.
“Yes?” he answered, not meeting his eye.
Some hours later, John woke to a room that felt like winter. He tucked his blanket tighter around his shoulders to block off the biting cold.
Unfazed, Sherlock replied, “Are you threatening me,
When they stepped into their flat about fifteen minutes later, John stepped into the living room, where Sherlock had curled up in his chair.
“I’m fine,” he panted. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to drive his dream’s terrifying afterimages out of his mind. He curled his knees into his chest and rocked gently. A single, hot tear slid down his face before he could stop it.
He wanted to add.
John could tell that was all he was going to tell him for now. It wasn’t everything, but at this point he trusted that he would be filled in as they went along.
“It’s fine,” she replied with a cheeky, knowing grin that slightly irritated him. “Yeah, they were an item once. About a year ago. But it’s ended now, don’t worry.”
“I love waking you up like this,” John mumbled into his mouth as he laced their fingers together.
John rolled his eyes but glanced down at himself anyway. Sure enough, the bulging tent in his pants was way more visible than he thought it would be. He briefly felt embarrassed for Mrs. Hudson's sake.
“Sherlock. Don’t worry, we’re going to lower a rope into-.”
“Shut up. I wouldn’t push the boundaries with me if I were you.”
“Come on Sherlock, don’t be a buzzkill.”
– almost sounded like it could be fun.
“Believe it or not Gavin, I do have one or two useful tricks up my sleeve that don’t involve doing your job for you. Lower me into the well,” Sherlock demanded.
way. So know this, John. If you and Sherlock ever get together, ever . . .I will kill him,” she murmured, sounding unnervingly like Moriarty. “I don’t care what Moriarty’s orders are.  I will surely and absolutely kill him and finish him off this time. Let there be no doubt about that, John. I will. Kill. Him.”
No. It was nothing like that. It was just his soldier/ doctor instincts kicking in. Save the life.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t,” was all he managed to grunt before the rod was pressed in the hollow of his throat. This time, he did scream.
His knees went weak, and if he wasn’t about to drown, he most likely would have collapsed. Sherlock landed in the water with a splash.
"Excuse me, I could ask the same question about you, Molly Hooper!"
John thought.
“I’d never met anyone that off their rocker before,” Victor said. “Even Sherlock had some crazy moments, but he was never like that.”
“Seriously?” he said.
John stared up at the big, beautiful idiot in wonder and let him babble on. The poor man looked like he hadn't slept a wink, in contrast to John's deep, happy slumber. His hair appeared to have been roughly handled and his eyes were bloodshot red.
(See the end of the chapter for
Right before he drifted off, he felt Sherlock’s warm lips press on his forehead and whisper into his skin.
“What you figured out about that Jackson bloke. It was extraordinary! You are quite the clever fellow.”
John leapt out of bed, still catching his breath.
Lucky to be coming home someday.'
Molly shrugged. “Sherlock has his reasons. We just follow orders.” John huffed angrily and stormed up to Sherlock.
“What about that little alley of yours? I think I’ll take a look there myself and see if you’re hiding anything else.”
Beside him, the blonde boy jumped right into the first part: “I got chills, they're multiplyin',” he sang.
John figured it was about four in the morning. Sherlock wasn’t supposed to have fallen asleep here, but it was too early to get up. And John didn’t have the heart to wake him and tell him to go back to his own bed. Not when he looked this serene and lovely sleeping next to him.
“We can’t. We just need to leave and make sure no one ever enters this house again.”
Finally after all that angst! Hopefully this makes up for it ;)
She was cute, he thought. More than cute. She was beautiful. He allowed her to snuggle up to him, giggling and smiling radiantly at everything he said.
"Why do you care so much about finding Moriarty? I mean, what's the deal with this guy?" Sherlock looked at the ground and replied quietly, almost as a whisper.
“Yes. You’re right.”
“Tell me what happened.”
“Not as much on the in-team as you thought, huh?” Tony said.
“Please hurry,” he said weakly, and threw his head back onto the rough interior walls.
He suddenly became aware of their hands on the ledge of the ship. Sherlock was standing upright with both hands placed gently on the ledge, and John was leaning slightly with his wrists crossed over it. If he just moved his hand ever so slightly, he could... No. He settled for scooting an inch towards Sherlock as subtly as he could.
“Because I couldn’t bear it if you got hurt because of me," he finished, fully burying his face into the jumper.
“You got a girlfriend or something?” the man asked. Sherlock’s ears perked up at this.
Sherlock took one arm off John’s back and cradled the back of his head, pressing his face further into his shoulder. He was probably smothering him, but at that moment, all that mattered was that he was here. And he was never letting him go. Not ever again.
“Oh god, I remember Sherlock,” Sean said. “What a fucking freak.”
John made the mistake of looking back at Sherlock at the wrong moment, and slipped on a particularly icy patch on the landscape. Sherlock took the opportunity and tackled him at the waist. The two tumbled down a long, steep hillside, coating themselves in snow as they rolled over each other, both laughing and pawing at each other childishly.
She and John married not long after. But through their honeymoon and first month of marriage, she knew John missed him. And oh, how she resented that.
Amazed against his will, John murmurs, "that's soooo not good. You shouldn't do that to people, it's not nice. Even if it is just a tiny bit impressive."
“Truth, Captain, I need the truth...” Sebastian says, “I have all the time in the world.”
Eerily, he adds, "it's better, no, not
Sherlock, turning around to see if he can find something about Moran destination, shouts “One last thing.”  Appleton and McAlister halt as the policemen stop walking. “Who helped you? You are a bad chemist and a petty criminal... You can’t have pulled this together.  I know about Moran, who’s the real boss? I need a name, anything.”
He was about to start his laundry when his phone pinged. It was Sherlock!
Here you go, do as you wish after!
“IF YOU SHOW THAT THOSE MYCROFT, I’M GOING TO MURDER YOU!”
"What! Where are we going?"
“Don’t be stupid, Captain Watson, soldier on!” Stamford chuckled with a wink.
With a sad pout, Sherlock shrugged his shoulders, “I guess we can keep the costumes one more day.”Offering him his arm, he smiled at his scrumptious captain. “come, darling, the car is waiting.”
“Or what?” Sherlock asks, not wanting to give them hold on him and tired of the little games they were pulling on him.
She shrugs into her coat, holding her phone as if she's been contacted a minute before. "It's an emergency! I need to check a contract for a foreign client..." She turns to her wife for support.
But how can he when he has kept one too many secrets - the secret about Sherlock's 'death,' from the one person he has ever had feelings for,,,
Sherlock was finally all over him once more, he was able to press his hands down his spine, toying with the elastic of his pants until he touches his plush arse.
The small woman, even if she was still a bit under the water, smiled at Lestrade. “Yes, I am! And Sherlock you must come with us, no excuses.” She knew that getting out is not his forte. Vampires were broadly accepted, but the man attitude was already often problematic in society.
Laughing softly at his friend, the wall of pretence around John's heart crumbled, turning his voice in a soft murmur. "I love him so much, Mike... I can't believe he's still alive."
The idea that they were in the middle of a street (thankfully car-free) and the thought that people and CCTV were all around weren’t enough to stop them.
"Sherlock! Don't be stupid, he loves you, he mourned you like a lover..."
"Yes! We just need to find a way to get him back to London..."
“Not too fond of confined spaces, a war trauma probably. I distracted you to keep you from... fainting.” The doctor, silenced by the detective’s monologue, isn’t able to say a thing. “And, your suit is plain but new, you purchased it to play the part, to give an impression of a fatherly figure, so your colleagues and students forgot about your past, to be able to look as inoffensive as possible…” Walking towards the man until he stands only a few centimetres away he murmurs, “What are you hiding, Doctor Watson?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You can try if you want.” John, arms crossed, waits patiently. “Might want to speak a bit faster, though, I don’t want to be late.”
"Whatttt? I didn't do something
she rectifies quickly,
"Nobody came, not even me!" Greg jokes thinking about the jumping and humping he did to mimic the expected behaviour of newlywed. "I've been to the Opera, the actor who was playing your role was flawless. We sat at the back of the box and everything went as it should. Nobody suspected that you weren't with me."
“I told you that if you are willing to make sure that I won my own bet, I really don’t mind... And I am planning on explaining with many details how marvellous you are and how totally in love I am.”
"No, and it's not a 'band', it's a musical." She struts near Greg with a satisfied smile and shows him her phone. "Read!"
“Like the idiots who died from it.” They both chuckles as if it was a good joke, not thinking about the destruction their drug trafficking was causing. After a moment, they carefully walk to the door and – after a quick look around, making sure that the corridor is deserted – they walk away.
"Yes, yes... I'm going to start at the top floor and go down, you start with the garage and go up." Getting a grip and pushing away his feeling of failure, he asks Maxwell to contact Anthea for a quick survey of the CCTV in the area and heads back to the residential floor.
"Come in, young man, come in." She closes the door as soon as he passes her flat. "Sherlock is upstairs, waiting for you." She nods in the direction of the stairs. "Hope you don't mind the steps, with your leg and all... I'm the landlady by the way. Ms Hudson. Go, go!" With one last conspiratorial smile, she turned and entered her flat humming softly to herself.
John felt his cheeks turned pink,
“Doctor Watson, you are here.” The detective remains stuck in place, not knowing what to do. Looking away at something further in the street he murmurs without really paying attention “you are late –”
“It’s your mate, my darling, your soulmate. Your reaction was protective, not destructive... his blood was calling you, not the blood of the men you killed, his. Only his.”
"No, nothing wrong and the woman we known as Mary Morstan is still in custody somewhere..." The idea of a 'secret prison' was unbelievable to the policeman and he didn't like the calm tone Mycroft used sometimes when he replies 'you don't really want to know, love,' to some of Greg's questions.
Let me know if you decide to move back to London for good, I'll hook you up with that man from Bart's. MS
Unconsciously he tries to put some order in his hair as if the doctor was about to enter the room. “What did you say?”
December 24
“We lost his trace at some point in the park... He’s on his way? For real?” Donovan asks, hopeful.
Sherlock, not taking any notes, is mesmerized by the man in front of him. Barely older than himself, he exudes confidence, his authoritative yet warm tone commands the room. With patience that seems boundless, he repeats or explains when needed, replying to questions without any doubts.
He was now grumbling in a an obvious manner until Molly explodes. Looking at her friend with in her mirror, she chides him severely. “Sherlock! Stop fidgeting! And do not try to deduce Brendon!”
John was reading near the fire when the voice of his boyfriend -
Shrugging his shoulders, he slaps Donovan on the back playfully. "Sorry Sally, I've got to talk to our... guest." and walks over to his husband thinking how beautiful he is like that, all relaxed while talking with one of the most powerful people in England.
"Yeah, you know... If it's going really terribly, it's just a drink so it's not too long and we'll be able to laugh about it the day after in the break room."
Probably means that you are special to him, we don't know.
Opening his computer, he waits for the internet to kick in - the bandwidth was abysmal in this part of the island - pondering about what the heck he was going to write about.
With a last glance at his phone, he smiles, “grab your popcorn dear, we’re going to Scotland Yard! Inspector Lestrade is having a viewing party!”
the opposite of pushing away wasn’t lost to him.
I don't know what to say. SH
"Why?"
"Mycroft!" Greg protests at the blunt tone. "You can't --"
"But all this is mental. Are you sure we can pull it off?"
"But Mary is --" John searches again for his wife.
"Come back with us, John!" Clara insists with a big smile. "For the fireworks and all... I know you miss London!"
(See the end of the chapter for
Speechless, worrying about John, Sherlock didn't ask Simpson to change his route. Humming softly, the wise man keeps driving in direction of the Stamford house in Fulham.
“Idea? I wouldn’t waste your time with
Finally fully awake by the horrible sound of his own screams, John pulled away in panic. “DON’T TOUCH ME!”
Without being able to stop himself, Sherlock requests, “can I talk to him right now?”
“Oh, you’re back!” He grins, “I was wondering if I would have to turn off your computer to get your attention.”
“So, you find another way, you filthy --” Holmes is about to jump on the man when the DI stops him.
"You are joking."
"Yes," John replies, his gaze fixed on the other man.
“Anything new?” Lestrade asks as he’s entering the meeting room.
"Stop protecting her, love." With a little devious edge in his tone, Mycroft shrugs and whispers. "It was quite invigorating to watch you defend my family name."
John, anxious of his friend's silence, starts to panic a bit.
“Wasn’t... spying,” John reluctantly spits his bloodied saliva, “a park is a public –” The second blow didn’t come as much as a surprise as the first, but the kick in his ribs hurt like a bitch.
“You’ve also got a spectacular black-eye as well as many ecchymoses on your legs.  Don’t know about that poor excuse of a man... And I don’t really care.” Opening his phone again, he smirks. “You are the star of Twitter once more.” Opening the app, he scrolls until he finds what he was looking for and gives Sherlock the phone.
Question! A small addition of Mystrade or not?
Thinking about last night, when the DI had spent a few hours with his restless brother, Mycroft sighs.
He quickly replies,
, he smirks.
"Yeah..." John laughs before chiding himself.
17:30 Watson is sitting on a bench, eating his lunch but clearly lost in his thoughts.
“Are you sure about that, Mycroft?” Greg walks nervously, unable to stop. “It’s kind of... illegal.” As Sherlock’s brother silently laugh, he continues, “Nooooo, let me be CLEAR, it’s really illegal! You may kidnap spies or whatever thing that you do I don’t want to know, but John Watson is an English citizen, an Army veteran –”
“Yes, I know about tonight’s meeting.”
When he started to write a blog at his therapist’s insistence, he never thought that one day he would become a professional writer. Not wanting to write about the war, it was not something he liked to think about, he started to write short stories full of spies and detectives before setting on a taciturn hero, intelligent but full of himself, who always solved the case and got the girl. Keeping them to his blog, instead of websites dedicated to auto-publishing, he left his little nuggets of nonsense available to anyone to see without advertising anything. But here he was, two novels later and on top of the bestselling list.
“Only magazines or websites and only in writing. That was my deal and I’m still holding you to it. And I am not talking about being a doctor, I don’t want people to add one and one and find me.”
December 24
Sighing, John walks up the stairs slowly, cursing his leg.
You won't give up, will you? SH
changed it to recently." Unable to say no to DI Lestrade, Mycroft was in charge of getting Sherlock to the London Eye at midnight.
"No, no, no, don't try to..." He waves his hand in dismissal "It's... not important!" He stops talking and frowns. "Just weird."
A happy smile on his face, John was waiting at the ferry's terminal in Ryde. The weather was fairly nice, even if it was colder than on the mainland, so he was standing outside looking at the sea. It was December 28th and, as planned, Harry and Clara were staying with him for the New Year. He was mentally creating a list of the things he needs at the grocery store when his phone pings joyfully. It was his sister, excited because the boat was near the island. He quickly texts her to resist and stay inside the boat as the temperature on the sea, with the wind and the spindrift, was a perfect way to catch a cold! Going inside the terminal, he sits near the exit, waiting for them while forwarding a few cases to his colleagues, as he had asked for the week off. His sister was a pest sometimes, he chuckles at the whole 'Let's put John on a dating website', but they are really close especially now that their parents were both deceased.
"What?"
With innocent eyes, the family man chuckles. "It went... well... if I remember what the pub owner told me when I came to check that everything went okay with our guests before leaving for our honeymoon." He winks and at Mike satisfaction, John was turning a nice shade of pink. "And then..."
Cautiously, John asks, “have you been to boarding school?”
Thinking about the few people who contacted him that way the first few days his profile was online, he hopes it wasn't one of them!
“Bloody know-it-all! Who knows the capital of Bangladesh anyway!” Anderson sniggers, looking at the surveillance camera they discreetly put in the pub.
Now, when the DI was present in the house, his voice resonates everywhere, warming the cold rooms by his presence. Beer and junk food find a place in the fridge.
"Yes, sir. I'm on it!" The perfect PA replies, sending a message to the restaurant about the fortunes.
“Is he passed out?” The man that looks in command asks, the ‘Colonel’ as John was calling him in his head, “does he needs care?”
"Yes, so it's the perfect moment to be anonymous, don't you think?" turning back to his computer, Mycroft hides his annoyance with difficulty.
“Whenever it’s needed, I’ll be there don’t worry. I should really be in charge of your online dating, would save you time.” Patting Greg’s back with a sad smile, he adds before leaving, “felicitations, Lestrade, I wish you all the happiness possible...”
“Yes, it’s him! Finally, we’ve got something...” He winces as he inhales profoundly.
“Ohhhhhh, a nice looking fella –” Stopping just before he speaks Sherlock’s name, the older man gives them a menu and another candle (He’s going to burn down the table!), winks again before he disappears into the kitchen.
Picking up his walking stick, he closes the door leaving the two women on their own.  He deeply loves them, but their little apartment was quite... little. It was cozy, but a bit modern for his taste and he never felt at home in it.
“How the Hell do you know if –”
If he accepts, let me know. It may be interesting." He was going out of the office when Stamford enters the lab.
“PHILIP!” Sally shouts before Greg had the time to say something, she is definitely feeling guilty for what she said to Watson, “that’s enough!”
"Almost the new year..." Sherlock says, walking near John.
"A big mistake, the first of many probably. I was so focused on finding you that I never realized that you were here." He blushes, feeling like an idiot.
"Oh... that's... sad." Sherlock was clearly dumbfounded.
“Don’t worry, I am not that stupid anymore.” Opening the door, he flew toward the nearest tube station.
“I shouldn’t burden you with -”
"It's okay, we're going to go somewhere when everything returns to normal." Greg murmurs automatically. Taking the opportunity of having John's attention back, he continues, "just know that he left for an excellent reason and that it was not as
No, don’t think, you are going to spoil the surprise! lol
“Which case?” his future boyfriend asks, nonplussed.
Grinning like a fool, John quickly loaded the machine before rushing for the shower he never had.
A week later, after his morning walk, John was sitting at his desk, sipping his tea.
It's not fair! Sherlock didn't really flirt with John. (It's not his fault if he oozes sexiness)
“I am such an idiot.”
Angelo is suddenly there at his side, babbling away. “Sherlock! My friend, my saviour, I’m so please! Anything that you want!” Eying his glass, he glares theatrically, “pfff!!! Water, let me get you wine, I’ve got a nice –“
They stayed on the sofa, kissing gently, caressing more daringly until a pliant Sherlock murmured close to John’s ear, “I was crazy to think that I could live without you... I love you, John.”
“This is truly wonderful, have you seen the saws! And that guide presenting how to cure an ingrown nail by chopping off the whole toe! (ouch!) Can you believe it! This is barbaric, thank God we do not act like that anymore.” Frowning, John realized that he never asked an important and quite personal question.
John and Sherlock stopped in a village before being able to head to Cartagena…
Hating his reaction, unable to stop thinking about what he would like to do with the young man and not trusting his responses, he recoils as far as the small closet allowed.
"It's okay Molly, he's right... I wasn't acting like myself. It's ridiculous!" He jumps from the chair, standing tall. "I'm over this now. Yes. Over." Shaking his head, he laughs at his own foolishness. "Oh God, I was so stupid... How could... Can you imagine! And replying to his blog! Talking about stars! I'm so ashamed... Please erase everything that I said in the last hour!"
The cellar floor seemed damp and sticky. God knows from what. John had to duck throughout his exploration, as several broken beams and pipes hung low enough to hit his head.  Cobwebs filled every crevice and corner. Dust coated his lungs with every breath. It seemed no one had been down here in years. Everywhere his flashlight landed revealed either empty storage space or broken furniture.
John’s toes curled in appreciation at Sherlock practically worshipping his throat. The way he devoured him so slowly, so lovingly, as if he was something to be treasured, warmed his heart and sent a fresh buzz of arousal flooding through him.
With that, Sherlock took John’s waist in one hand, held his hand with the other, and pulled him along.
"Where's my coat? And scarf?"
Going on cases with Sherlock again was the last thing he needed if he was to distance himself from him. Even after the tantrum he had thrown yesterday, he still couldn’t allow himself to accept.
They laid back and drifted into a comfortable silence, their content smiles lingering on their faces in the dark.
Comments and kudos appreciated XD
“Good. Well, let’s get some rest then. And in the morning we can try to find some evidence to back our claims. Gina and William are both long dead, so charges can’t be pressed. It would be impossible to track down the children's families nearly two generations later. We just need something tangible to show Josephine.” Sherlock stood and gave John’s shoulder a comforting squeeze before heading to his room.
He internally groaned again and looked around the cell. In the opposite corner, Greg was re-wrapping the bullet wound on Molly’s shin. Both were spotted in purple bruises and scratches, but seemed to be holding up okay.
When at last he pulled back, he gave her a moment to collect herself.
John sighed and looked away so he wouldn’t have to look into Sherlock’s wide, wounded puppy dog eyes. He was probably hurt that he didn’t want to accept his help. How could he explain to Sherlock what he was feeling?
John pointedly looked at him.  “This. Your sudden change of mood?”
“No! You steer! I’ll take care of it!” John shouted. He knew Greg couldn’t hear him, but he seemed to understand and kept him death grip on the wheel. Victor, Jackson, and Bolt were now watching the events up at the bow as Molly rushed up to help John tie one end of the rope to a sturdy post near the ledge. Peering over the edge of the ship, John eyes desperately searched for any sign of Sherlock. But the turbulent ocean had completely swallowed him up. Molly made a motion to throw the remaining loops of rope overboard, but John stopped her.
“No, Sherlock! Just let me - I need to-” He took a deep, steadying breath and gripped Sherlock’s face tighter. He couldn’t even put into words how badly he needed to explain everything to him. All of it. No more hiding. If he didn’t do it now, it would eat away at his sanity forever.
He placed a hand on John’s shoulder from behind, making him nearly jump out of his skin.
He sighed. “Thank you, John.”
The temperature suddenly dropped in the room. A cool draught rushed past him, raising goosebumps on all his exposed flesh. Then came another gust of cold air on the back of his neck. Cold air? Or . . . breath?
“Oh my god,” Greg’s mouth formed as realized what happened.
Shots fired around his head. Several men fell to the ground around him. Someone hollered over the shots to take cover in a nearby trench.
Sherlock evaded his teasing pokes to his ribs, and the two of them laughed all the way to the bedroom.
“Why not?”
“Sherlock, what is this? Why are you about to attack an innocent ship?”
The next time John looked over, Julia appeared to be sucking on his earlobe.
reading that paper and attempting to hide your face while you lie to me about not knowing where they are.”
Right. She was gone. Because Sherlock shot her. “Thank you, Sherlock,” he finally said. They hadn’t had a chance to discuss it in the hospital.
If you want, you can follow me on tumblr at itsjohnlockokay where I'll post updates for this.
*****
First, a huuuge thank you to my beta, Sandy @yorkiepug, who has helped me with this fic even when it was just a nugget of an idea. Thank you for supporting me!!
Here he was spread open and exposed with his legs propped up and Sherlock’s face just inches from his dripping cock. If he didn’t suck him off
But finally they had arrived at the hotel and were being escorted to their seats. The party was in a gorgeous, lavishly decorated hall. The walls were lined in intricate wallpaper and small candle lights. A beautiful, grand chandelier hung from the center of the ceiling, casting bright light onto the scene below it. Several round tables draped in white tablecloth were scattered methodically throughout the room. Up front and center was a wide, open space: a dance floor, no doubt. No one was currently on it, though light, casual music played softly in the background.
Ice cold panic shot through his veins as complete darkness engulfed him. He rushed forward and pulled at the handle but it was like something had bolted it shut.
His voice trailed off again as the lump in his throat threatened to spill from his eyes. He shook his head to himself, realizing he was blathering nonsensical fragments of his thoughts and that Sherlock probably had no idea what he was feeling or trying to say. He pressed his teeth into his lip to stop the shaking, to redirect his pain to the physical kind, to stop the ever growing weight of tears behind his eyes from bursting forth.
He knew their fight last night had gone too far. They both said things they didn’t mean, and they needed to clear the air.
The boy smiled and joined in, obviously impressed at his fight. “Nothing left, nothing left for me to do.”
“Um, John.”
He wouldn’t lose John, he thought determinedly as he sprinted forward. Not when they were this close to the future he wanted with him, the future they both wanted. There had been too many close calls lately for this to be a coincidence. Too many almost-confessions from him and too many prolonged looks and unexplained emotions from John.
"Mm?" John tried to reply innocently from his chair as he pretended to read the paper. Sherlock was standing at the entry of 221B with his shoes on, preparing to head out. When he was unable to find his coat or scarf, he turned accusingly at John, who was smiling into his paper.
“Angelo’s?”
Sherlock swept in and kissed him hard on the mouth, pulling him in by his face. After a brief moment of initial shock, John returned it with equal passion, as if he had been expecting it. Gripping his curls, he stepped boldly into the kiss. Although he was shorter, he used his weight advantage to press him further into the table as he positively devoured his mouth.
When John had visited him in the hospital after he was shot. Sherlock, once again, drugged into oblivion, but he couldn’t resist leaning down and pressing a kiss to his forehead. No one had to know.
“It really doesn’t seem like that long ago,” he said quietly, looking around as if another scene were playing in his mind’s eye. John smiled softly at him. “But at the same time it feels like an entirely different lifetime.”
John could see a hint of a smile underneath his pout when he called her “their baby”.
“Yes?”
On the table, he saw that he had left a platter of breaded cookies with a pitcher of milk.
“How do you spell it?”
Inside were dozens of photographs he had made prints of from his phone solely so he could delete them from his camera roll and put them away forever.
“Hm? Oh, yes. He’s selected his victim. I know who it is. And I know how he intends to murder them at the next party. Which, by the way, is in one week. Saturday night.” He added that last part cautiously, as if uncertain if John would be attending it with him.
The soft morning light teased John’s eyelids open. One arm was tucked behind his head, and the other gently clutched the sheets over his torso.
They stepped and swayed with the music, enjoying the feel of being so close again.
(See the end of the chapter for
John swallowed and felt a sudden flash of heat burn up inside his shirt. He resisted pulling on his collar to fan it out. Did they seriously suspect that he was the thief?
He smiled as he looked over Sherlock’s face and his chest rising and falling evenly under his hand. He didn’t want to leave. If it was up to him, he’d stay here all night memorizing every detail of Sherlock’s sleeping form. But he knew what he had to do.
Sherlock’s face reddened just as John’s had in Mrs. Hudson’s flat. They had only been dating a few months, and were still unaccustomed to casual kisses and touches, still getting butterflies as if it were the first time. Their hands met and interlocked between them as they shared a warm, knowing smile, both obviously thinking about how instantly infatuated they were with each other that night.
“That’s it. We’re in,” he said, watching the desktop load. With each new icon that popped up, his leg seemed to jitter faster and faster.
He was met with silence until the man stepped out of the shadows.
“It’s entirely possible to deal with someone or something as a part of your job without personally knowing much about them,” Holmes said. “Being an arms dealer, you should know this, considering your last business partner sold you parts you failed to recognize as fake.”
Greg helped John up into a sitting position as he coughed out water, shaking and trembling from head to toe.
Evening rolled around and Sherlock wasn’t home. But John wasn’t worried. He had probably just underestimated how long a case like this would take. In the excitement of it all, he wouldn’t be surprised if he had forgotten to text him.
“Sherlock, no!”
He descended the stairs and rounded off into the kitchen. There, Sherlock stood in a pair of tight pants and a black button-down. The top few buttons were popped open, revealing just a tease of those beautiful, pale clavicles.
“John,” he greeted curtly without turning to look at him.
Sherlock shivered in his arms. His words were muffled a bit from the way his face was mashed into his lap, but John could still understand. “They wanted to put me away somewhere until I got better. I didn’t want to go. They wouldn’t speak to me. And Mycroft. The way he looked at me. . .”
John sighed impatiently. “Sherlock. I was trying to be romantic. You know, the fire, our living room, just us alone . . .”
There was a pause on the other end. “Okay, don’t panic.  Can you log into the computer?”
- I’m Westley.”
Sherlock made none of the usual attempt to make John laugh over dinner or even mildly entertain him. Nor did he reveal any more information on the case. They both knew John was there as a formality, even though he was just itching to be involved. He could see Sherlock’s scrutinizing gaze sweeping over the crowds of people, thinking through the case and how he would carry out his plan of action, whatever that might be.
"So John had the cookies and milk, and then lost a glove here. Meaning he intended to eat quickly and then leave, not bothering to remove his gloves, but then had to take at least one off for some reason. What could have made him stay?" He looked around the flat like a dog tracking scent, completely engrossed in the mystery of it all.
Hope you're enjoying so far -Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated!
John turned in a circle, looking for him, but Sherlock ducked behind a group of talking people to avoid his line of sight. He hid from John the rest of the reception, slipping into various groups. No matter how many times John circled the tent looking for him, he only came out when it was time to go home.
John thought as panic rose swiftly in his chest.
Sherlock reached in the bag and pulled out a brand new Belstaff coat, exactly like his old one. The one he knew and loved and refused to give up even though it was completely destroyed. John had even sewed a red outline on the top button. The material was fresh and clean under his fingers, already damping from the sprinkling rain. Sherlock slipped his arms through the sleeves. It was perfect. In every way.
“Excuse me?”
Tony pressed the rod into him again, and his vision whited out with agony. His teeth dug into his bottom lip, physically shaking from the effort to hold back. But at last, his mouth opened, and an inhuman groan tore out of him.
he grumbled to himself as he roughly undid the laces. John chuckled to himself as he watched the taller man huff and puff like a child being forced to do as they were told.
“Actually, you know what? I think I’m going to turn in.”
He smiled at Greg and Molly’s little squabble over his hairdo as Molly dragged her fingers fondly through the graying hair, slightly longer than usual. “I think he’s a handsome stud either way,” John responded with an over exaggerated wink.  Greg chuckled as Molly teased, “Well I think it’s safe to say he’s on my side. We all know John prefers longer hair. Particularly dark, ravenous, curly hair, black as midnight, lush as-“
The menacing clouds rolled in smoothly sweeping away every last bit of sunlight on the entire ship. The entire crew seized working and gazed upwards in collective silence. John and Molly exchanged concerned glances as the rest of the crew looked to Sherlock for guidance.
At this point their microphone-free hands joined together. They lightly danced and spun each other back and forth through the last chorus.
Sherlock fought it momentarily, trying to maintain his scowl, but eventually melted into a smile. The boy’s voice was simply wonderful. And his smile . . . he couldn’t stay mad at it.
As always comments and kudos are very much appreciated! :) Hope you enjoy!
She had recalled that as a little girl, odd things would happen when she visited her grandfather. A yank on her hair, breath on her face at night, a sudden temperature drop . . . No one had ever believed her. Everyone just chalked it up to a wild imagination. So when her grandfather, William Walters, died and didn’t leave her the mansion, she grew suspicious. She was his only family left and the mansion had been in their family for five generations. Naturally, it should have gone to her.
*hides from you under a blanket*
“What?”
“What happened? Did Phil make a move on Leah?” Victor asked loudly.
It comforted him immensely to know that he would be there with him the whole time. And that he would be by his side through this mess. This simple gesture reminded him of that, and caused his anxiety about the meeting to instantly vanish.
*****
The voice got closer, and a petite woman emerged from the hallway carrying another box of men’s clothing. John did an instant double-take. This woman was the last person he’d imagine to be married to Tony. He’d guessed that Tony was in his late-50s or 60s. This woman was at least a decade older than that. Though clearly, she was anything but a wilting flower.
“That’s what I thought. It doesn’t suit you, hon. You seem more the sidekick type, if you don’t mind me saying. And a lousy one at that. I would tell you to choose your battles more wisely next time but the thing is,” he paused and let out a cruel laugh. “There won’t be a next time for you, my dear.”
The force of his voice made him stumble back a step. He furrowed his brows at John’s tone. He hadn’t been on the receiving end of a glare like that from him in quite some time. For a moment, he thought John was going to scold him, or perhaps get angrier. But John only looked him up and down with a resigned sigh.
“A few hours. It’s evening now.”
And of course, the evening they spent together just a few nights ago. The one he replayed in his mind over and over in the dead hours of the night wondering if it was real or if he’d just imagined it. The one where Sherlock had cupped his neck and pulled him into his chest, resting atop his head. The one where he had sobbed openly into his shirt and Sherlock didn’t mind one bit.
The inevitable question of ‘Now what?’ hung in the air. They couldn’t beat around what had happened between them in the mansion forever.
“Quiet.”
Sherlock looked down at it in surprise. He knew they were both thinking of his stag night, so long ago, when a similar touch had occurred.
Sherlock simply nodded once, and drummed his fingers more anxiously, refusing to make eye contact . . . John felt horrible. The next words bubbled out of his mouth before he could stop them.
“Sherlock . . .” he mumbled either aloud or in his head. The sound of a gun reloading echoed faintly in the distance.
Not yet, John told himself. So close, but not yet. They needed to talk first.
Something ticked in John. “Stop it,” he said, his voice low and dangerous.
“Sure?” There was hesitation in his eyes.
John’s head fell back onto his pillow just as Sherlock reentered the room. What do you say when you find out your best friend that you love has shot your supposed ex-wife that would have killed you both if he hadn’t?
“Oi, Sherlock. Hold on.” Sherlock slowed to allow him to match his step on the sidewalk. “What the hell was that?”
“How nice,” Sherlock said sarcastically, obviously not caring in the slightest. John kicked him under the table again.
