to draw water
“Whiskers?” Dean said and Cas dotted chocolate on the tip of Dean’s nose.
then – fast enough for Dean to know exactly what the perpetrator was, and after standing stupidly for a few minutes, examining the tiny chewed corner of the bag and the crumbs leaking out of it, decided that it would never happen again. He knew mice – had the problem more than enough in seedy motels and abandoned houses for them to completely gross him out, and living off the road like they did meant it would have just been a matter of time. However, Dean was not about to let mice get the wrong idea about their two story farmhouse though – there would be
“C'mere sweetheart, c'mere see me!” He laughed and Faith giggled, stamping her feet, and Cas had to be quick to keep up with her. Her little hand released his as she stumbled into Dean’s arms and he helped her in. Cas watched her shadow as she stared up at the blanket, no doubt mesmerized. Her hands went up, sillhouetted by the lamp and Dean and Danny withdrew.
share my cup with me.
Cas starts to breathe deep again, and he knows he’s asleep for real this time, and Dean isn’t far behind him. It’s warm and the TV is on and it’s just about as close to bliss as Dean’s ever gotten, he thinks, even when Cas sighs in sleep and his stubble scratches on his collar bone. Even with two sick kids.
Dean dances his fingers over the edges of the flame.
Dean and fire. Clean, precise, fire, that doesn’t pretend to be anything it’s not.
Dean’s arms shake and he eases himself down, holding them together in a white hot press. Cas breathes deeply and evenly, and Dean has to remember to pull out and to roll over onto his stomach, or he’ll probably crush him. He’s exhausted – bone tired and satisfied, but he touches Cas gently.
Cas doesn’t respond, moving to rummage through the cabinets, already on auto-pilot. Dean watches for a moment before Faith leans her groggy head back.
As he walks down the stairs, Cas thinks about this weekend when they’ll go pick pumpkins.
law.” Cas spits back, throwing a t-shirt into the laundry basket at his feet. Dean rolls his eyes.
The moon ripples over the water and Dean holds Cas’s head in his hands and let’s his tongue cut paths for his gratefulness on the roof of Cas’s mouth as they fit together, rocking steadily, limbs loose and Cas’s legs falling open on either side of him, pulling closer.
Daniel buries himself in Cas’s middle and Cas hugs him back, stooping down to kiss the top of Daniel’s head and smile into his hair.
“That soup was really good.” He mumbles and Dean just shakes his head on the pillow, the remote starting to fall out of his fingers.
“Oh, my silly, silly, girl.” he crooned, kissing her all over her face, “My silly, silly, girl!”
for what good is a house with no one to
“I’m figuring out how to use the zoom.” He said, smirking, and Dean chuckled and looked straight ahead.
Cas opens his eyes in one fierce moment, frighteningly bright and luminescent, and maybe it’s a trick of the light from their still silent TV, but they glow.
around the frame of
Sometimes a name, sometimes something else, muffled in a mouth or a neck or the sheets and somewhere in it all Dean tells him he’s never going to love anybody like this ever again, that he’s going to love him like nobody’s loved him and Cas kind of laughs.
Dean kisses his nose.
“How are you sweet girl?” He asks and she licks at his wrist.
Dean looked at the fort and nodded to himself before glancing at Cas who smiled back, walking to him. He scratched his back lightly and Dean moaned in approval, arching forward so Cas could get better access while his mouth found Dean’s shoulder blade.
No, surely she has been at the forefront of every great artistic mind. It simply must have been so. But, then again, Cas might be biased.
“Oh, really now?” Cas remarked, his eyebrows rising, Faith pushing her discarded paper into his hand. He crumpled it and shoved it into his pocket. “Thank you, Faith - That’s a good idea.”
It’s -
Incahuasi murmured.
“DEAN!” Cas calls, now holding one of Faith’s little skirts, and now throwing invisible daggers at the back of Dean’s head. He balls it and then let’s it go, rubbing his neck tiredly. It’s out of his hands, and as long as there’s no bloodshed he’s sure he can handle whatever Dean does.
“No, no! Stay here with us!” Dean implores, and Cas pulls a toy out of the milk crate and crackers and fruit and other stuff that he replaced when all Dean attempted to bring was a box of oreos and two bananas.
Boats.
His hair sticking out all over the place, and Dean stopping every so often to just smile because his collar is all kinds of crooked.
- dumps the dog on Cas’s head and she squirms and licks and bites his hair and his fingers and
Dean can’t sleep though, so he stares at the ceiling for a long time until the sound of the door easing open again makes him jerk, shooting up on one elbow, on the defensive.
That’s how it will go.
, and he gets
Castiel looked down at the shallow water and saw his baggy coat and wilting collar, tie askew. His sensible black dress shoes were wet now.
There’s the creak of the foundation as Cas walks into their living room, and even with his eyes closed Dean can feel the blue eyes mapping over his still body.
“You boys cold? I made cider and donuts.” He says, standing and Daniel plops down beside his sister.
and so i will bind myself to you,
Cas moves and Dean finds himself grounded by two fingers walking over his shoulder that edge and nudge under his ear and around the shell of it, brushing his short hair into place.
“I like this costume on you.” Dean says and Castiel furrows his brow.
“I think I sprained something.” Dean says, voice thick. He needs to sleep. He drove all day like an idiot and he’s getting way too old for that. Cas doesn’t reply but helps him drape his arm around his shoulders and helps him up the stairs. He kicks the door shut behind him and Dean looks up just in time to see Danny urging Faith upstairs, his hand on her back.
Kids.
“The recital.” He repeats, leaning back in his chair, watching her eat. She picks up her milk and downs that, and then blows a big breath out and he laughs, which makes her laugh too.
Dean stands, staggers, and falls into the Kia  before pawing for the phone that he shoves in his pocket. His legs give  out a moment later and he’s back to square one – hands, knees, pavement.
They bought it on a whim at an estate sale forty miles away, Castiel fascinated by its old yellowed keys and the rich tone it produced, teetering indefinitely between in tune and out. He is clumsy, his fingers not complying, and though they’ve never really discussed it, Dean feels as though he was once very proficient when he was an Angel, but now, human and reduced, he sits and plunks out the notes with hesitance that grows into a steady confidence after a while.
“You take too long.” Cas replies, irritation resurfacing, “Always waiting…
“Let me.” Dean insisted, pulling it off of Cas’s face to put it in the trash can, Faith occupied with the waxy paper she’d peeled off of the back.
“…and the itsy, bitsy, pider’ went up the spout again!” Danny finished, giggling as Dean wiggled his fingers in Danny’s face. Danny sighed contentedly.
“Your love affair with food concerns me.” He offers, voice dripping with sarcasm, looking at Dean sideways, his eyes a lovely mixture of amusement and exasperation at Dean’s antics. Dean grins at him and wiggles his eyebrows.
!” Cas cried, scrambling off of Dean, putting the tub of chocolate down on the bedside table. Dean groaned and then sat up, trying to placate Cas who was fuming.
per box and you ate them all.”
“Cas! Hey Cas, com’ere!”
“Easy, easy…” Dean said as Daniel began to cry against the porcelain, only pausing to heave into the bowl again. Dean dropped to his knees and rubbed his back, pulling his floppy hair out of his face as Daniel panted and then moaned.
Dean steps forward, Danny walking with him, and kisses Cas firmly over Faith’s head.
people now.).  He rocks, even now, just at his waist, back and forth and she stares at Dean and the landscape out the window with cracked eyes, but as they drive, Dean sees her eyes droop with the lull of the engine and the sound of the wheels. Cas’s other hand is busy smoothing Danny’s cheek and hair over and over in slow circles, and Dean smiles because Danny is already out like a light only ten feet down their street.
they would make
His brothers would never know this joy, and he felt sorry for them.
An owl hoots across the lake and is answered and the swallows roost in the eves of the cabin. The cattails sing lullabies about the the star and the catfish, the greatest wonder how they ever walked apart from each other.
“Hey! Watch it! You’ll scuff the paint!” Dean said loudly, grumbling, “Kid’s a bull in a fuckin’ china shop…”
He knew what he was getting into when he picked the fight, but god, wouldn’t it have felt good to have landed a hit.
Later that night, fat with Italian and more than a little drunk on cheap Chianti, Cas found himself being shoved against the stove, fumbling with Dean’s jacket, the two of them making out like a couple of horny teenagers.
Really hard.
It happened after a particularly nice dinner – at Bobby’s house. Sam had to run out to the store for more beer and had borrowed a twenty from Dean. That wasn’t the problem; what
Cas rocks against him, cast into a fever, his head thrown back. He’s a horrible liar.
“I should.”
“Your dick.” He says harshly and genuinely and Dean has to refrain from rolling his eyes and shaking his head. Dean’s only retaliation is to crook his fingers and Cas sees sparks, but he also starts jamming himself back onto Dean with more than a little insistence.
“It sure did.” Dean laughed as he repeated the verse.
Dean’s finger traces each, Sam listening with rapture, eyes wide.
“Are you…are you serious?” Daniel says incredulously with all his seven year old attitude. Dean gives him a look.
Swaying together in the living room.
He cleared his throat into his closed hand, Cas still looking at him.
“There you go! Told you you’d get it!”” Dean says loudly and Cas grins, proud of himself, and able to look up into Dean’s face instead of their shoes. They keep it up, getting back into the beat of the music that plays till Dean is laughing so hard he’s red in the face and Cas is too, but not hard enough to scold Dean for stepping on him. Their eyes don’t stray from each other, the rest of the world pretty much forgotten for a few precious minutes.
It’s almost enough to make Dean drop the issue entirely.
“Good night little bird.” Dean said, the same way he and Cas had been saying it since he was a baby. “Love you more than the moon.”
an older brother rumbled, his jetting magnetic voice rippling across the ether.
“…till down came the rain and washed the spider out - ” Dean sang lowly, so as not to bother any of the other parents in the room, his hands shimmering down in a fake rainstorm. Danny didn’t really get the concept and just kind of waved his hands in front of him in a vague mirroring of Dean’s motions.
“Love you too…” Dean pulls the phone and holds it at the back seat.
“You’re the ‘apple of my pie too’, baby,” he laughed, quoting the pie’s top, the words where an crust would usually be. Cas smiled, trying to keep the slice he made from falling apart as he transferred it to one of the plates.
so comes the dry season, and the catfish will burrow in the mud, sleeping and dreaming, out of sight.
here are my knees to kneel,
How it must feel to play them at the piano in the early morning, the light from those bay windows illuminating the blank stand – Cas never uses sheet music.
“Yeah.” Dean hustles to the refrigerator as Cas tips the medicine down Faith’s throat, and then goes for the Motrin next. Faith wails and Dean can already hear the tears starting and Cas is talking to her in that really-low voice, and it makes Dean feel like there’s cement mixing in his gut. Seeing Sammy sick always hurt and this is no different. He pours the juice into her favorite blue cup before stepping back towards him, waiting as she drinks the rest of her medicine and cries, Cas taking the cup without thinking. He hands it to her, stroking her hair, looking troubled. Danny leans on his elbow, staring up at his baby sister with the same concern.
“You shall not touch these, and their love will be your joy through all ages,” and Elohim flung one stone to the heavens and it became a star out of Death’s reach. He tossed the other stone into the river and it became a catfish that was too quick for Death to catch.
but they are worn now
A roar of laughter erupts in Castiel’s ears and he instinctively tightens his fingers on the smooth wooden arms of the chair he’s in, looking around. The woman next to him is chuckling behind her gloved hand, smiling, and he can feel the eyes of people all around turned on him.
“The Impala.”
i am faint with love, and with such weakness i bear myself
When it’s done, on the way out of the parking lot, Daniel stops Dean before he buckles Faith in and tugs on his jacket.
Someday someone is going to ask him and Dean will think back and he’ll remember the hazy hours of February 13
“Go back to sleep, sugar.”
last epoch.  It would suffer through the ill-fitted animal pelts for a few more millenia, when they invented tailoring.
hidden, in the murk.
“I know it’s a big decision. I’m sensitive to that – but Dean.” Cas stepped even closer, wrapping a hand around Dean’s shoulder right behind his ear.
– oh river armed love, red clay love.
Dean grinned.
“Better?” Cas says again, and Dean grins at him, reaching out to squeeze Cas’s hand.
“Try to sleep.” He rumbles, kissing Dean for the first time since he’s gotten home. They kiss for a while, Cas cutting it short to make him lay down.
“Sorry!” Dean snickers between bites, licking his fingers when he’s done. Cas shakes his head and jerks his head towards the living room.
“What…?” He hissed, shoving the plate aside and moving to the kitchen. He stared at the apple pie he’d sliced into, innocently perched on the back burner where it had cooled. It looked normal, like any other apple pie - so why had it tasted like
“Why are you in your underwear?” Danny slurred, going back into his dark room.
much.
i will sharpen him to an arrow’s point
“Danny, I said
They go
{a scene from 'changing channels' before the events of All Things Shining}
The man said.
Dean stops tuning the Impala to eye the radio on his work bench with consternation.
They call her a bruja, but that is not her name. Everyone has forgotten her real name, and Mama says it might have been Christian once, and crosses herself. It does not matter, though, because everyone knows that Leticia is going to the little adobe house, holding her hands behind her so they might look busy, because she is the middle girl and the middle girl gets medicine.
one tent.
Besides, he didn’t want the pie to feel bad. It wasn’t it’s fault.
cosmic brownies. Not that Dean knows anything about that.
“Then why ask Sam for it?” Dean insists, his grip loosening. Cas seems to ponder this for a long time, and then, finally, a smile surfaces. He looks at Dean as if all the answers should be obvious, which they never are.
“The star, and the catfish, is there more?”
“Daddy!”
He palms absently at Cas’s hair and Cas kisses the inside of his elbow, and Dean’s face tenses with unnamed emotion. He feels the broad sweep of sensation when Cas let’s his head stay there, tucked in the crook of his elbow.
Daniel plows into Cas who hugs him and Dean ruffles his hair, both enthusiastically telling their son how proud they are of him.
like they are reminded and everything is testament to a beautiful and  grand secret that they carry in their pockets like loose change or car  keys
“What do you mean?” He asks quietly and Danny smiles, plays with another strand of Cas’s hair.
“But not in public.” She amended and Dean laughed.
“It’s strange to me…I would have thought I could resent it, but, now, I understand so much more what this song is about.”
Something gleamed in the sink and when he took a look he noticed it was the standard measuring cup for cooking. It rested in a mixing bowl alongside a few other things used for baking, but it wasn’t what was there that caused Dean the concern, but rather what was absent that made his stomach drop. He pulled the measuring cup out of the basin with a clatter of utensils and inspected it further - something granulated stuck to the inside.
Danny kicks and rolls his head, panting in that odd way babies do.
an angel, eh Castiel?” the magician continues, and Castiel stares at the stone in his palm and then up at the magician.
Cas drew back after a moment and trailed his lips up to kiss the tip of Dean’s nose and then nip it playfully before sitting up and pulling off his shirt. Dean smiled in approval and Cas rolled his eyes before shaking his hair out of the collar and tossing it behind him where it fell to the floor, forgotten.
“My poor little birds.” Cas says quietly, sounding equally as miserable as the kids his voice stuffed with worry. Cas lifts Faith up off the counter and starts rubbing her back; she goes limp and still except for the little hiccups and struggling breaths she emits every few seconds. She coughs, and Cas doesn’t even seem to notice, except to wince in pain at the sound. Danny gravitates back to Dean, turning around to lean his back against Dean’s legs, watching Cas rock Faith. He scratches at his stomach under his jammies and Dean strokes the sides of his face and his hot forehead.
“Yeah monkey, you and Danny too.”
“Oh, damn!” Dean says and he and Cas wait a beat to see her reaction. She stares at the ground and then looks up at Dean crocodile tears already welling up and pouring down her face.
“Dean, there’s a
Dean grins when he hears the grumbles from the cabinets.
. They built SUVs with air conditioning to drive across it.
The king cried out
and we will make our hearts
Incahuasi murmured.
reach that place you will set it aglow.
people now.).  He rocks, even now, just at his waist, back and forth and she stares at Dean and the landscape out the window with cracked eyes, but as they drive, Dean sees her eyes droop with the lull of the engine and the sound of the wheels. Cas’s other hand is busy smoothing Danny’s cheek and hair over and over in slow circles, and Dean smiles because Danny is already out like a light only ten feet down their street.
It started when Dean had to fix the sink.
He is content.
“I’m sorry.” He whispers. “I’m really sorry. Come home. We’ll talk about it, if you want.”
“Daddy you got
“Can you see it?” He whispered.
Cas brushed the emotion away and dropped to all fours, climbing in after his family, all five of them sitting under the magic of the fort, spirited away to another place in the middle of their living room.
And Cas.
Dean smiles.
“The one and only.” Dean said cheekily, turning back to his work, doing his best to be quiet. Cas frowned.
He looked up and realized Dean was a few feet ahead of him and jogged the short distance to get back to walking beside him.
“PAPA!” Daniel wails, and Dean watches as his son plows headfirst into Castiel’s stomach, nearly sending him backwards into the lady behind him. Thankfully the woman appreciates Daniel’s enthusiasm and happily goes around, the rest of the exiting passengers following her lead.
Dean grinds the heel of his hand into his eyes and then upwards to his hair, exasperated.
“Detergent.” Cas replies, rolling towards him, rubbing his face, muffling his words. “I forgot…” He trails, “…I forgot to put it on the list. Knew I was forgetting something.”
“Ok.”
“He got the Doritos! The Doritos Cas!”
“Come on Polly! Come on little girl! Oh my god Polly, you idiot, come
“Two or three or a
so i might offer him
“You were just driving, huh?” Dean asks and Cas sighs a disdainful laugh.
Dean eats up the encouragement like it’s presented on a silver spoon, dipping his mouth back to Cas’s, his hand still moving so slow that Cas is starting to squirm. Cas gives in though, after a moment, his body going limp and lax except for the scratch of his nails on Dean’s wrist as he works him. Cas tilts his chin back, Dean pressing reverent kisses right below. There’s another breathless kiss and Cas moves his hand up Dean’s arm.
A star threw down its net, pulling in prayers, and as it did it glanced at the valley – it was washed gold with grain and tall trees. It was a peaceful place full of life, and every tree bore fruit. The star sang praises to the fruit of the vine.
the earth trembles with the force
it is the dry season, and i thirst.
My love is the land between two rivers -
under a fine silk slipper
“Only by a few cents.”
made-for-TV movies.
“Hey big guy.” He says as Danny wraps his arms around his waist. “You feelin’ crummy?”
i am the worn mill stone, i am the dull remains, i am the gleanings.
She jumps up and down and then the blinds rattle and the curtains flutter as she dissapears. Dean parks the impala in the garage and gets out, ducking under the garage door as it starts to close. Cas stands on the front step, barefoot as Faith comes tearing down the front walk to meet him. Dean crouches down, waiting for impact as she squeals and shrieks, hands already flung out to grab at him.
“Dean,” Cas whispers, his hand shaking as he pushes it up over his hairline. “I’m going to die someday.”
“Ah!”
He sighed and rubbed his eyes, tired from staring at the print, and heard a sudden groan downstairs that was distinct from the thunder rumbling around the house. He let his hand fall back to the desk and glanced at the floor, only to be met by the sharp sound again and another duller movement. Panic rose for a moment - Danny and Faith still had at least fifteen more minutes of nap left, and Cas didn’t think he had the energy to deal with them if they didn’t get enough sleep. They’d been especially hard today: Faith had just recovered from a cold and was still stuck in a fussy phase, and Danny was never-ending energy, having been cooped up for most of the weekend.
“Hmm.”
Dean stared at the empty space where it should have been. He swore it was there. He put it there last night, and now it was gone.
“What did you use this for when you baked today?” Dean said gravely. Cas shrugged, looking at the rest of the things collected in the sink.
“You’re not even real.” He says bluntly, “You’re not even real – fuck I’m sounding like
“Dean, I said
“Ok…” Dean whispers, stroking Daniel’s stomach, “Ok, Papa needs to go to sleep now or he’s going to kill someone, so you just be cool."
The sight could be sinful, with Cas’s head flung back as he rolls his hips, but when Dean covers the hands pressed on his stomach with his own it sings like an old hymn, deep and slow.
“You don’t appreciate me. Or my references.”
“Daniel did you get sick again?”
As he brushes he can’t help but love the way the bottom waves and then eventually settles into curls. Then it’s the specific bow Cas put out because they’ve tried to have Dean pick before and he’s
And the stars were light.
Faith rolled her eyes and picked at her fingernail.
Sometimes, it’s hard.
“If that’s what you wanna do.” Daniel nodded and Dean leaned forward as Daniel slung his arm around his neck like when he was a just a boy.
Faith finally falls asleep when they hit halfway through town, and Dean pulls off to u-turn and head back to the house, one arm stretched out over the back of the seat, sliding till he meets Cas’s neck. Cas doesn’t even jump at the way Dean’s hand rubs at the knob of his spine, completely lax. He smiles in contentment, Faith and Danny warm sighing lumps of quilt on his lap, a wonderful weight.
“You can always make it up to me later…” he answered suggestively, nipping at Castiel’s neck before walking past him. Cas jerked when Dean slapped his ass, sauntering out of the room to get his plate and bring it back.
It’s so much easier if he can show up at night, because then he doesn’t have to worry about things like this.
“…makes teaching Sammy look like a freakin’ sunday drive…” the hunter growls between clenched teeth. Castiel tentatively places his fingers back on the wheel, squeezing it.
“Uh.” Dean starts, and Cas takes another out, staring at him intently.
No dating till she’s 35 with a face like that, Cas, I’m telling you.
“You moved a little!” Dean grins, and Danny heaves himself again, trying to get another feel for crawling. He kicks his legs and arms, but it doesn’t really coordinate and he shrieks again, looking right at Dean, frustrated. “What?” Dean says playfully, dropping his voice, and Danny makes another squeak.
have you forgotten my name?
come on! I’ve gotta get ready I’m going to the movies!”
“No, like this!” He says, because she’s puffing her cheeks instead of sucking them in. He reaches out to push her cheeks together and air rushes out and she laughs, a few little tears still sticking to her cheeks.
“Just two or three Danny I promise.” He swears, and Dean grabs Daniel and pulls him in against his leg.
Shifted it.
Dean falls asleep thinking how he’ll kiss Cas in the morning. Kiss him awake, if he’s lucky, and watch his eyes open.
You can hear it - what she’s singing about. The record stops and they stop too until Dean let’s Cas go.
She sobs into his shirt and he wonders what she sees when she thinks bad guys. Maybe bank robbers or the monsters of her imagination; the scary things in books sometimes or on cartoons. Bad people with knives and guns. Who knows. She must imagine them with big claws and sharp teeth digging into his foot, twisting his ankle, swiping at him with their gnarled fingers, punching him with uncaring fists.
!” She stresses again and Dean gets right in her face, his hand now settled on her small head.
But the man was like a catfish, so I became a catfish.
Cas leaned his head back into the palm of Dean’s hand where it was still looped in Cas’ hair, laughing his ass off. Dean took his hand away and pinned Cas to the stairs. Cas gave him a shit eating grin and reached up to swipe at Dean’s cheek before sucking his thumb back into his mouth, smirking around it.
Castiel is lost for a moment. He looks up, up at the stars that Dean indicates, seven, maps each. Their names (
“Stand up, then, able volunteer!"
As the shore weds the water, so they are wed, and all creation rejoiced in witness of their union, the land bursting with columbine and the sky thick with the songs of doves.
“…love you so…” Cas tries to say, “…much…hate waiting…”
here. Well, a semblance of a shark – there are eyes and a fin on the hood of his gray hoody and a tail that juts awkwardly off the back, but for all intents and purposes, he’s speaking to a very hungry, candy-craving, shark under a winter coat.
Dean moves Cas’s feet till they’re in his lap and leans against the back of the couch, opening his beer with the bottle opener on his key ring.
In a snap.
“WHY YOU?”
“Hmm?” He looks up and blinks at Dean, caught up in his tasks and Dean leans forward.
“Although, you almost woke them up in the process.”
“Don’t tell monkey…ever.” Daniel whispered and Dean chuckled, closing his eyes. “I love you…more than the moon” Daniel added, rubbing his cheek on Dean’s t-shirt.
Cas says nothing but resets the record and then refolds himself against Dean.
“You’ll have huge hands someday. Which is a totally weird thing to think about. Don’t tell your dad that because he’ll probably have a heart attack. I think he’s convinced himself to let you remain fun sized forever.”
” a stop for a kiss.
“You want that same kind?”
“…aillte an mhothai…salar de uyuni…”
“What was that? You were almost crawling!"
“Dean.” he sighed, taking the plate from him to rinse, adoring the way his hands smoothed over Dean’s fingers with the action. “Of course it worked.”
“That should hold him for what, all of five seconds?” Dean says, sliding his eyes to Cas who is popping containers of baby food.
“Babydoll, I just heard your Papa call you for dinner.”
“Dean.”
! You said you didn’t!” Cas says sternly and with a hint of pathetic sadness to his voice, appearing again in front of the couch. Dean looks at him, the picture of innocence and breaks off half of the cookie sandwiched between his lips.
.  It keeps playing as if one day it will win. When it wins, or maybe if  it loses, it may leave, Dean thinks. So every day he thinks today will  be the day it’ll end. Something will change.
and he feels that swell of anger
Leticia grins and nods and the bruja follows her out into her little yard.
“Monkey’s feelin really bad, isn’t she papa.” Danny comments and Dean nods.
“It’s not a big deal - ” Cas paused and wormed his hands up to wipe at Dean’s cheeks. “  - hold still baby, you’ve got chocolate on your face still.” He whispered, each word thick and drowsy with Dean’s body heat, the endearment slipping out like a silk ribbon between his teeth that Dean had tugged off of his tongue.
Curiosity getting the better of him, Dean wanders into the living room where the Cas is standing in the center of the room. His chin rests in the palm of his hand, the other crossed over his stomach. From the side Dean can see his eyes are slightly squinted in the direction of the stereo cabinet, blinking every so often at the record spinning on the table.
There’s absolutely nothing to be done about it. It  just presses closer to him and nestles itself between his lungs and  keeps at it, patient and resigned to its fate to endlessly attempt at
or will my hunger overwhelm you? for i am nothing but a hunger. i am nothing but a need. i have dug through every soul to quench my thirst but nothing will sate me.
cannot strike the match. walk with me,
Dean goes to the play room again where Daniel and Faith are speaking some weird kid language and moving hot wheels around the couch cushions, and Dean sits down to join them.
“Papa come in!” Danny insisted, “Come here Daddy set it up so we can watch amovie!”
Castiel was smirking. Straight up,
“Dean – come on, I need to do this…”
“Dean, what is this?”
the humans said, Dean and Sam said, with seashell spiral eardrums, and mouths with approximately 32 teeth, and eyes that often came out blue before turning brown.
Sam usually, when Dean complains, which he does frequently, asks with a sigh why Dean just doesn’t engage Cas to change the channel, but then things get complicated. Dean gets defensive. Says he wouldn’t do that, says that it doesn’t bother him that much, that he finds other things to do.
A moment of silence passes and Castiel knows exactly what Inias wants to ask him, because it’s what he asks himself nearly every day.
He gets into the room just in time to see Cas rocketing out the back door wearing oven mitts and holding a pan at arm’s length. Dean winces at the shrieking alarm, but is happy that nothing is up in flames and follows Cas out to the yard.
so much love that it spills over out of Cas.
“Anyway, just a stone, ladies and gents, just a stone, right? Well, God was like me, ladies and gents, he blessed it,” the magician reaches over and cracks the stone hard on the table and Castiel’s eyes widen, the sound ricocheting around the theater, startling many of the people, “and threw it to the heavens!”
“You fucking tease.” and Castiel’s expression betrays nothing as Dean starts making for him, trying to grab those pale wrists, knock him back against the bed, rip the duvet off, or maybe just keep it on, he doesn’t give a shit. Castiel sidesteps him, easily, and Dean grits his teeth in a dangerous smile, empty handed.
rated S for Spicy ;)
Danny grabs Sam’s other hand with one of his own and Sam smiles in a shitty attempt to hide his obvious delight.
!” Daniel whines and Cas sticks his tongue out at his son behind the camera.
“Dean…?”
“I love you.” Cas sighs, awake for a moment, and Dean sinks back into the pillows, yawning.
“Hey, hey, it’s not a big deal!” Dean said, trying to soothe him. In the light from their table lamp Dean could see the bags under Cas’s eyes - deep purple and lasting. He tugged at Cas’s waistband and kissed his bare stomach. “Hey.” He said lowly, and Cas bent down and rested his forehead on Dean’s head for a few seconds before straightening.
sort of guy. They forget by dinner, but that night, as Cas huffs lightly beside him, fat on ham, Dean can’t shake the irksome feeling.
“He was great.” Dean answered, “In fact, I think he was good enough that we could definitely stop and get McDonald’s.”
“You think you are really funny, don’t you.” Cas drawls, giving him one last pointed look before turning around and heading back into the kitchen.
Cas takes five more and then calls it quits, receiving Faith from a content-looking Dean.
The star was blessed and split, and wings grew from its back. It landed on the shoreline, and what had been two wings became a thousand kingfishers, all flying. The beat of the wings shifted the water and the star gazed down at the riverbed. The star pulled a stone from the river and blessed it, and the stone became a lantern, and the star cast the light over the water.
, actually.”
“You don’t have a good side.” He joked after a moment of more fiddling, “But this one will have to do.”
Dean, on the other hand, would rather die than sit through another story like “When Andrew Came Home” or that weird one about the Diner Cas can’t get enough of. Unfortunately, winter means the TV in their bedroom is in a constant rotation of these shitty movies.
Dean takes one out of the tray, staring at it before popping it in his mouth, just as Cas rounds on him again.
It all sounds rightfully fishy to Sam, but when your brother is nearly the dictionary definition for contradiction you learn to let such things be as they are.
“Oh, don’t frown so much, we’re about to start!”
“Faith, c'mere.”
Like blue sky after rain.
This minute it is as follows:
“Oh.” Castiel gasps and Dean does it again, working at his neck, Castiel hissing, shifting around. Dean can almost hear his toes curling on the carpet as he squirms.
He bore down at his reflection, trying to make something of it that was more than what it was.
“What are you?” he says harshly and the magician smirks at him.
Dean leans his head against the wall and imagines the room as Cas says the words, rocking him and Danny in an endless, soothing, rhythm.
“Hey, watch your mouth!” She chastised, slinging her legs over the arm of the chair, stretching them out.
i will bathe him till the water runs red with clay.
“They back? Already?” Dean says, interested, and Castiel shakes his head in disdain and moves for the door.
” Cas keens. “Yes, Dean…”
“What is it?”
“I don’t remember. I didn’t read the label.”
When they reach the bottom Cas is waiting in a jacket, holding Dean’s, the headlights of the Impala shining into the house from the front drive.
“I’m full of those, you know.” Dean grunts and Cas just breathes his own sighing chuckle.
“Stop,” he mutters, and the showman ignores him, tossing it over and over.
Dean reaches around and has to actively resist slamming it closed, but somehow manages to get it to make barely a sound. Castiel is stretching his arms now; chest pulled open and the shirt still hanging off of him, and stares at the TV, like he’s
A moment later, the principle of the elementary school takes the stage and welcomes the parents and faculty alike, smiling and introducing the several mother’s on the hospitality team who helped coordinate before going on to kick off the recital. Dean and Cas sit through two kindergarten classes before finally, Mrs. Raven’s first grade class is announced and Dean grins and Cas does too, holding up the camera.
rated S for Spicy ;)
with a natural formation.
“Sorry.” Cas bleated as they calmed down, wiping his eyes, successfully smudging chocolate right under the curve of his lower lashes. Dean touched his wrist.
The star replied.
This mean thing.
“Dean, what are you up to –?” It’s all Cas can get out before Dean takes the wrist he’s holding and pulls it up to shoulder level, his other hand settling on his hip.
They are just about to fall asleep when Castiel speaks.
“Of course! Cannot have young girls turning into catfish! Young girls are always having such heavy hearts. Young girls and young boys. It is because you want love, and wanting is a very heavy thing.”
“Don’t remind me, I’m supposed to be mad.”
keep away because it was mine.
It would have continued to, this game, but Castiel was beginning to be unconscious of his actions, and so, it had begun to bleed outside of their house.
The blanket they’re using isn’t checkered - it’s really just an old bedspread they forgot they had in their linen closet and it’s not a basket so much as one of Dean’s old milk crates stuffed with food, but it works.
Cas flings an arm over him and draws closer.
“Monkey looks like a monkey!” He says with a goofy smile, cracking up. Dean smiles too and crosses his eyes which makes both of them laugh like it’s going out of style. Faith tries to do the same thing but fails and then wiggles like three year old’s do and takes Daniel’s hands in her tiny ones and pushes them to her face.
“Oh my god
The star became a man and walked beside him.
They sway. It’s kind of mind blowing. With the wind and the way the way rain starts to pebble on the window. It’s very quiet, just the whine of the mattress spring and Cas breathing and Dean breathing and the silent parts where they lose their breaths in each other.
the star wept,
“Dean, it’s
And the darkness in the king was lessened.
“I used to be able to speak french.” He clenches the fingers on his arms. “I can hardly remember any of it anymore…I could speak every language known on this earth.” He sighs. “But now, I couldn’t tell you what the words she says are. Not even a little.”
“Ten minutes, little man.” He grunts and Daniel sighs, shifting around on Dean’s lap before he’s standing, leaned up against Dean’s shoulder, one arm wrapped around his shoulder.
Daniel nods.
“Monkey’s feelin really bad, isn’t she papa.” Danny comments and Dean nods.
Cas begins and Dean imagines the bunny tucked into bed, the old woman and the crackling fire and the stars shining in through the curtains.
like all of creation is there or the memory of someone they loved too
Castiel said, having far lost track of the conversation.
“Happy?”
“When Sammy was little my Dad would drive him around in the Impala when he wouldn’t go down. Worked like a charm.”
“Out came the sun and dried up all the rain…”
“Kay!” Daniel says, already shoving a snickers into his mouth. “Faith, stop, that’s no!” Daniel say sternly, taking a twix from his sister’s small hands and putting it in the pile he’s allotted.
It’s dark, and the single lamp in the corner doesn’t do much for the room.
“Kiss me.” He said, tugging, and Cas complied. They kissed for a few minutes, Cas holding the chocolate sauce in one hand, the other on Dean’s shoulder, squeezing it as they rolled their tongues lazily into one another’s mouths.
He looked past himself, this self, the Jimmy Novak self. The plain clothes white man, completely irrelevant in a crowd of faces. The reflection he saw in department store windows and gas station bathrooms and rear view mirrors. It wasn’t dissimilar to his other form - run of the mill. The compact version of a sedan. His brothers and sisters were mostly correct.
“Yes.” Danny said, sagely, nodding his four year old head. Dean took his face in his hands and kissed him on the top of his head.
They do alright.
hello silk voiced lover
constellations scattered
“I’ve been many places.” Cas complies, because he knows that this won’t rest till he’s given Dean some form of explanation. Dean’s intentions are a mystery, but that’s half the brilliance of it. Figuring out the in-betweens, being able to know his sounds, the tilt of his voice and his words. The strange breathing laugh. Cas’s eyes dance with stars at that moment, and when Dean sees them in the retreating, hazy, cloak of dwindling daylight he can see nebulas skim on the arcs of blue of his iris, not so unlike the drift of water lilies at the edge of the lake.
“He’s gone again!” Dean exclaimed as Faith paused her giggling, resuming her big-eyed stare at her other daddy. Dean leaned over the couch and shook his head at her. “Where’d he get to? Where did your silly Papa go?”
“What is it monkey?” Dean prompts his daughter and she makes a worried face.
“Dean, I think you’re projecting again” He says as he ‘lazily’ begins to dip his fingers just barely beneath the waistband of the charcoal underwear, skimming the very top, like he’s scratching an itch or something. Every inch of it is on purpose and Dean can feel the disdainful laugh and the way his tongue is skirting at his teeth, trying to lock up all the things just fighting to come out of his mouth. He wants to say he’s going to fuck the look right off of Castiel’s face.
“Cas did you make this?” He asked, a smile growing. Cas nodded, snapping two pieces together.
She stops rocking herself and sidesteps around the chair, staring at him, her long brown hair falling unevenly into her face. She flicks it away with all her newly eight-years-old attitude and sighs.
Half an hour later Dean appeared, wiping his face on a grimy towel and humming some song that had been on the radio before he’d turned it off. He stopped in the hallway that connected the garage to the house, just in front of the laundry room, and took a deep inhale.
Dean takes a deep even breath in time with Cas as Cas begins to whisper, Danny surely so close to falling asleep but barely able to keep his eyes open.
“There’s a deal on chicken breast at Publix…”
“All better?” Dean asks and Faith nods, swiping at her face.
Dean shrugs, pursing his lips, eyes still squeezed shut. He hadn’t really been thinking about it at the time.
"I don’t.” Castiel says, and Inias looks up. Cas shakes his head. “I really don’t. Not even for a second.”
Dean reminds himself because Daniel isn’t there to do it. Their son takes it all very seriously, so Dean and Cas have tried their best to respect it by remembering the event’s full title.
on what sargasso the comatose are feeding,
Dean frowns, digging for the kid’s Motrin for their fevers now that he’s not holding a sick child – its orange liquid and he can remember having to take it when he was their ages and how he hated it. He pops the plastic ring off the top and unscrews it. He pours out Danny’s serving before setting Faith’s beside Casl’s busy hands. Cas checks the dosage one last time on the purple bottle he’s currently holding and then moves to brush Faith’s bangs out of her eyes. She moves her head away and Cas puts strong fingers under her chin, looking distressed when Faith keens, all congested and pathetic sounding. Danny takes his himself, holding his nose and frowning. He sticks his tongue out and then puts the little plastic cup on the counter with a heavy sigh.
“When’s papa gon’ be back?” Daniel said, Dean stroking the back of his son’s head.
After a moment, Cas leaned his head back against the stairs and smiled at him, the pie plate and fork still held in his hand.
Cas raised the view finder to his eye and clicked the shutter on the sleek silver top experimentally. Dean sighed and reached for it, only to have Cas stop walking and lean back, away from Dean’s grabbing fingers.
He begins to say the obvious but the showman turns back to the crowd, clearly not listening. Not caring.
“It still going up?” Dean answers gruffly, taking it from Castiel as he moves to steal the bags from the drugstore haul from Dean’s outstretched arms.
“I smell pie,” he said to himself, walking into the kitchen, making a bee line for said pastry. He stared down on it and his eyebrows shot up.
“Yeah, I guess…” Daniel blushes, and Cas pulls Daniel’s ornaments out for them to hang. Dean’s is a reindeer made from a cut out of Daniel’s foot print and his hands too, its lopsided googly eyes too perfect for Dean to really explain at the moment. Cas’s is a big angel with glitter glue wings that makes him a little misty eyed as he carefully holds it, and Faith’s is a snow person made from cotton balls and felt.
“Was it? Was it progresso or whatever?”
“Is there more?” She repeats back and Leticia flushes.
“I missed you.” He concedes, and Dean takes the cue. He works his hand up and down and kisses Cas again, gentler this time, taking every mouthy little movement. “Oh…” Cas breathes, and his thighs jerk up, but Dean steadies them with his weight.
show me where he lies and i will unfold the arms of the earth,
He scratches her between the ears, right where grey is starting to drift into her honey-colored fur.
“The itsy, bitsy, spider went up the water spout…”
with your jeweled veil
down at the lake house and Dean knows they won’t be able to get the repair guy out there until tomorrow afternoon – they are an hour out from the high way and the electric company always runs on half time. Dean is mostly freaking out because the land line is out and that means he can’t call Bobby, which means he can’t call about the kids, and the term stressed really isn’t applying very well. Frantic is a better term.
with my wanting
“What are you doing here?” Cas asks, courting the obvious. Inias gives a quick grin.
“So much more.” She whispers, “The rule of a story is you never tell the whole thing."
“Happy Halloween.”
The song comes to its ending and the two keep up their dance for a few bars into the next before stopping and laughing at each other’s dizzy faces and red cheeks. The garage is oppressively warm from Dean’s space heater and the winter wind beats against the garage door, but neither are bothered.
He’ll scream it, head thrown back, body arched.
Dean - are you really going to start this? At Christmas?” Sam says, and Dean is already irritated at his tone. How the fuck his brother manages to sound so self righteous is beyond him. “It’s classy.” Sam finishes, frankly, looking to Castiel who is blinking at them.
It was like the understudy of the blog pie, or something. Maybe if the blog pie got sick, his pie would enthusiastically leap on stage and reprise the role, even though it wasn’t nearly as pretty.
oh, you who brings the fruit of the vine,
“Oh.” Dean replies.
“A miracle, right?” the magician grins, “or is it just –“
” he finishes, and his voice is no longer the showman’s cheerful chuckle but something far more threatening, frustrated by his delay. Castiel’s grace growls inside of him as he pointedly shakes off the invisible hands on him, the strings manipulating his vessel like some puppet.
been eaten by Dean.
“Cas?” He dipped his finger along the ridge of the of the cup while he did so, testing his tongue on it. He grimaced.
saw your shape
But then that love settles arms on him like a blanket, and wraps around him as many times as it will fit, holding him like a soul that is trying to get away. Gravity gently reminds him that neither of them are going anywhere, but Dean ties himself around Cas to be sure.
“I’m gonna go get you some water with lemon, but you can’t swallow it, ok?” Dean whispered and Daniel nodded vaguely.
huh.”
Leticia thinks some more and shakes her head. "I don’t understand.”
“Hmm.” Dean hums as Cas raises the glass to his lips and gives him a taste. Dean frowns and then laughs, “Oh god, that is cheap.” Cas chuckles into his glass and sets Dean’s beside the cutting board as he moves to start lighting candles. He spreads them out over the house and by the time he gets out of the back bedroom Dean’s folding their omelets over and sliding them onto plates. The kitchen is thankfully warm because of the gas stove and Cas prods at the fire in the living room, so the cold doesn’t get to them too bad. The sun has completely set and the wind still rakes over the lake down the path from the house. Cas takes the hot plates from Dean’s hands and sets them down without real method to it before he drags his hands down Dean’s chest.
“I gotta go eat, but I’ll come back, ok.” She brightens, her mood already lightening. Dean smiles at her from the bed as she continues. “Let’s watch Monsters Inc.!” She suggests and Dean’s smile grows.
She howls, the crocodile tears starting. Dean’s never seen a kid who could cry like that - seriously, the amount of water that comes out of his daughter’s eyes is obscene. At the moment, that’s the last thing in Dean’s thughts, though. At the moment, he is staring tiredly at the ceiling while he and Cas argue about who’s turn it is to deal with this.
"Stand up, man!” Cas feels himself propelled stiffly up out of his seat, the man on the stage’s eyes narrowing, “It’s your
come to me,
Castiel’s grace curls and churns in anger; he is a fiery reckoning, a finger of God, a tempest of faith and might, how dare he call him anything but – but, he finds he cannot protest, merely standing there, watching as the showman sweeps his arm at the table and lifts the edge, pulling it off in a flurry and casting it aside. A smooth, black stone, sits in the center.
The kids at the door are middle schoolers and Castiel obviously has no idea who they are even when they tell him, buried under the pop-culture references that each represents. From his vantage, Dean can’t see Castiel’s face, but he’s sure it’s priceless based on the raised eyebrows the kids are sporting. They’re quite the little bunch: what looks like a Brittany Spears and two others that Dean doesn’t care about.
He smiles, jumps through.
and heavy with river water.
Dean really had to work not to choke on his fork. His eyes widened and his pulse quickened as he sucked the remnants of the pie from the metal and then stared at it like it had personally offended him.
“Daniel made an ornament for all of us, so we get to put them up too.” Cas says with a smile.
“Hmm. It’s supposed to look better - here,” Cas stood and came to Dean’s side, holding out the printed picture, tapping it. “It’s supposed to look a lot better, actually, but…”
Castiel is growing
The love that I know is old. My love is reeds on the Nile, sleeping mud of the Amazon.
“Yep, that’s it!”
you who are good in all things, bless me with his mouth
Cas tried to show him the picture, but Dean pushed it away, grinning. Once the page was back on the counter, Dean grabbed Cas’s hands and pulled him in, kissing him happily, pecking till Cas gave in and softened under his grip.
“Nothing!”
)  dance on his willing tongue. They do not stand out, not really. They  are clustered tight among indeterminable numbers – unfathomable to Dean.  Castiel’s eyes widen as he watches them.
“Yeah? I kind of remember that.” Dean grumbles, massaging his temple. Cas just shrugs and sits down across from him, receiving the two ibuprofen that Dean has passed him. “Christ, my hip hurts, and were those my pants you just put away?” Dean continues, scrunching his face.
“Danny’s right. You did really well. You did so well.” Cas encourages, and Faith just greedily drinks the juice and then shoves it away, looking flushed and upset despite the praise.
From behind the red velvet curtain woman in a tight corset wheels a covered table towards center stage, smiling and waving at the excited audience, bringing the table to a stop beside the showman, between him and Castiel. The spotlight intensifies when the house lights dim, leaving Castiel, the table, and the showman in focus. He rubs his hands together and wiggles his eyebrows at the hushed crowd, cracking his fingers, the brim of his tall hat sliding just a little bit down his forehead.
“Hmmm?” Castiel hummed, coming to the kitchen, wiping his hands on his trousers. He’d been dusting the mantle on a whim when Dean had called. Dean held up the measuring cup.
Dean pushes back from their kitchen table and Cas settles onto his lap while the coffee maker drums on the counter.
“Yeah, but you’re my
Cas’s lips twisted into a wicked smile.
“You’re cute.” Cas says and Dean rolls his eyes, but he likes the way Cas scoots closer to him. “You’re really cute. That’s all.”
ominously full of flowers.
The wonderful thing about the game was that it could be challenging. There were only so many times Cas could say to get him the book off the bottom shelf before Dean caught on, so he had to be creative. That meant putting Dean’s favorite things on high shelves so Cas could see the long line of Dean’s body as it reached, or dropping things on accident while he cooked but always when Cas’s own hands were busied so Dean would be forced to help him out.
The star burned.
The spotlight swivels to where he sits and he squints in the glare.
Cas had come downstairs after a nap to find Dean panting and grunting under the counter, his shirt riding up, exposing the smooth rounded edges of his hip bones and the stark trail of hair that started right below his belly button. Castiel had stood, a little mesmerized, as Dean gyrated, trying to get positioned so that the wrench could work the most effectively. When he noticed Cas he had smiled at him and held out his hand for a tool, which Castiel had promptly delivered, and then he was back at the sink and Castiel was allowed to continue staring.
- but Cas doesn’t let it bother him
“They better!”
“Hi baby.” Cas soothes, reaching out to take her tiny hands and kiss each one before kissing her fat face. Then it’s Dean’s turn and their mouths meet for a few seconds before Cas let’s go and goes back to Daniel, hugging him again.
“Dean, get up.”
Dean throws his boxers back with his jeans and pins Cas on the mattress.
and that is what
Electricity jumps from Cas’s skin and Dean can’t hold on much longer with how intently Cas stares at him, and it will never stop shocking him, when he comes, stuttering below him, silent and his limbs jerking in response as he paints trails of sticky white between them.
Now though, the piano seems to warm the house with its music, but perhaps the very best is when Dean closes his eyes and listens so carefully for the voice just above the instrument.
“Buddha. I thought the irony would be…comical.” It’s Castiel’s turn to smile at himself - infinitely amused by his own idea. Dean rolls his eyes and the door bell rings. Dean groans at the prospect at hearing that same noise for the next three or so hours, but Castiel hustles to the door, brandishing his candy bowl.
Dean smiled as Daniel sighed.
they whistled.
but if you are not careful, you will be swept away by the current - love can carve canyons, and the love of a star is no different.
At around midnight, Cas sat up and Dean, still a sensitive sleeper, jerked with him and looked over at the doorway, unconsciously reaching for a knife.
“What?” Daniel says, his brow furrowing.
“You want me to deal with it?” Dean says, obviously sarcastic, standing up from their bed. Cas glares at him. Dean rolls his shoulders and stares right back. “Then none of that ‘you were too harsh’ crap. They’ve been at it all day and they need to knock it off.”
“Danny’s right. You did really well. You did so well.” Cas encourages, and Faith just greedily drinks the juice and then shoves it away, looking flushed and upset despite the praise.
“Where they go!”
“Take
Stretching and scissoring and they’re different in that sinfully good way, unhurried and patient, unlike his own which run him over the edge like a man possessed.
- the greatest mirror on the earth, the largest salt flat in the world that was once a pluvial lake full of megafauna.
“You need to puke you say the word and I’ll pull over, okay?” Dean said, starting her up with a roar of the engine. Danny nodded vaguely and then cracked his eyes open.
Sometimes Dean wakes up and legitimately thinks that it won’t be hard anymore.
“Danny.” Cas sang softly, sitting on the mattress, rubbing his back. Danny rolled over and tossed his hand out over his eyes, rubbing his whole face. He looked up through his hands at Cas who bent down and nuzzled his face into his son’s hair.
“I’ll clean it up. Danny wants to watch “The Great Pumpkin” anyway and he can’t do that from the kitchen. It won’t hurt anything, Cas.” Dean puts on his best convincing face and Cas sighs, not able to stand up to it.
Faith starts to keen a little bit, anxious with the excitement and just as Dean reaches up to adjust her in his arms Daniel rockets off.
he was mine.
“Only a little this time.” Cas acknowledged, patting her fat leg, her bare feet kicking. “I think she’s just tired. I scheduled her for the morning next time so she won’t be so grouchy - ” He was interrupted by her patting the sticker onto his cheek.
“Something wrong?” He says, going back to his peeling. A hand suddenly appears in his line of sight, pushing the knife to the cutting board.
Cas barely managed to slip away, trying to balance the pie and run at the same time as Dean fought his way around the kitchen table and into the living room, chasing Cas. They circled one another, the couch between them and Dean had both of his arms raised, ready to reach out and snag whatever he could get at.
“You gonna run through it?” Danny asks and Faith rubs at her water logged hair.
He laughed too.
“The curtain covers it.”
“It’s not about trying to understand it, it’s listening to what’s already there.” Cas assures. He dissolves back into his humming, and that’s when it clicks. Dean feels the vibrations from Cas’s voice sift into his own.
“Yeah, we’re gonna go drive a little bit. You wanna do that?” He says straightening the sweater a little more. She nods and then pads to Danny’s room, swaying on her feet.
some of them said, pointing.
“NO!” He yells back and Faith opens her mouth and a long, harsh, scream comes out as she stands in the play room. “IT’S MINE!” Daniel continues, starting to go red in the face. His younger sister doesn’t care as she claws at his shirt and reaches for it, still screaming.
The lighter flicks on and off.
“Mr. Winchester?” The nurse said from the desk, peering at him sympathetically from behind her reading glasses. She flashed a gentle smile and held up a clipboard. “You just have to sign him out and then he’s all yours.”
Cas bends down to kiss the top of Dean’s head, rubbing his back with one hand, both of them looking at Danny as he stares at the toy with wide eyes, his mouth falling open every time it jingles.
, Castiel thought, feeling the wind - the sandpapery cat-tongue lick of the air on every molecule, the UV rays carving canyons in Jimmy Novak’s cells -
“Alright.”
then!”
mice and more importantly,
oh holy one, find me here, and light my lamp, for my fingers have once more become fins.
caravans and bathing herds of
and shroud of midnight clouds
Elohim heard his children cry out.
of this act. He needs to see to Sam and Dean; the humiliation of having to please the creature is enough on its own, but now, the thing is toying with him. Making a plaything of him.
Cas kisses him three times till the worry on his brow smooths out, and Dean considers which is really the privileged one: the wave or the shoreline. They work themselves up to a steady wanting, Dean whimpering when Cas guides him in.
things.
Cas mewls in response, sweat breaking out on his forehead, and he rubs absent hands up and down Dean’s sides, nails bumping on his ribs.
i am calling your name:
but if you would come, and walk with me,
the salt said.
Dean rubs his back and leans his head on him when Cas is done, helping him clean himself up before the go to bed.
of reverence. To therefore, and thereafter
“They’ll
“Grampa…?”
To extend the list of words -
“Can we sing the spider song?”
Cas sighed and leaned forward, centering it a little more on the counter, hoping that maybe if it were arranged properly it would look better. It still looked kind of sad. Droopy - but he had tried. He had to keep reminding himself that because it was a good attitude to have and an important one, at that. No one got anywhere by beating themselves down. He’d learned that the hard way.
The grass stains on his clothes are like promises that will always be kept.
my ivory ornament
The more pains you got the more heartaches you make the more your soul’s gonna be too heavy. Gonna turn right into a catfish if you got all that mud in your veins. That’s why we cross our palms with stars. Remind a fellow he got hands, not fins. Remind you them eyes of god always watching you, keepin’ you.
“Come on.” Dean said, guiding him out of the nurse’s office and out to the front of the school where the Impala sat by the curb. He helped Danny into the passenger side where he immediately leaned back, opening his mouth, his puffy eyes shutting.
They went to Faith’s room first, to try and steal Danny about five more minutes. Dean opened the door slowly and Faith sat up, staring at him through the bars of her crib.
As the song continues, Dean remembers this and looks at the open door into the house, smiling.
“Ok, well, I saved us seats up front, so I’ll see you when I get here. Love you…love you Faith!”
“Hey pretty girl!” He said cheerfully and Faith smiled at him and Cas, reaching her hands up to drag herself upright, bouncing on the mattress. Dean grinned at her and reached in to pull her out, kissing her fat cheek. “You have a good sleep?”
“DEAN!”
He could see it, and then it became blurry and Dean coughed a laugh because goddammit he was getting sentimental and he was always such an easy crier, and his dad always gave him such shit about it growing up.
Cas takes Daniel’s hands and they meet halfway, Faith registering it’s Cas and starting to squirm and squeal.
i have come to the well
“I have blessed you, and so you shall walk beside him and draw water for his jar,” and he breathed into the remaining and the stone was blessed and split in its joy, and its tears were like surging tides.
- the same discussion they have every morning (how lovely, how wonderful, how precious). There are dynamics for the artist’s interpretation; subtle variation depending on day and time.
"You know how to tell the temperature by crickets?”
He rolls his eyes up at Sam and smiles, and suddenly Sam’s finger is bumping against his face and he places the pad of one on his nephew’s nose.
Cas sings the hymns soft and low and reverent, the ones he must know by heart from millenniums of singing them. Some Dean recognizes, others he doesn’t. Sometimes Cas slips into Hebrew, other times the bits of Enochian that Cas can recall on his best days.
“So you don’t forget.” Cas whispered, eyes darkened, but sweet. Dean watched as Cas bent over him, trying not to smudge his work, and drew things on Dean’s cheeks.
At every creak he worried that Faith would start up, or that he would hear the sound of Danny opening his door, asking loudly for something to drink, but when he made it to the bottom, he was surprised at what he saw.
, and God brought him a star, and from that star many stars.
For months this continued with Dean none the wiser (to Castiel’s knowledge), and soon, it came so easily to Cas that he didn’t even realize he was doing it anymore.
“Needs something…” Dean murmurs as he continues eating and Cas shoves a forkful into his mouth, chasing a string of cheese.
and here is the lamp that stands dark,
He threw down his scythe and refused his work, and a great famine fell over the lands. The wheat withered, the earth became dust under his feet.
The bruja smiles, and smiles.
the entrance to this house is cold.
Cas nods.
“I am Siddhartha Guatama.”
No, some days, Dean wakes up and he really thinks it’ll be better.
fill the jar i have carried,
Daniel shook his head from side to side.
! Come here! Come on! Good girl!”
“Sip that when you feel you can.” Dean told him, sitting down on the bed, unable to keep himself from touching Daniel’s hair. Daniel groaned back at him and shut his eyes while Dean reached down and placed a kiss on the top of his head. God knew how long it’d been since he’d been able to do something like that without getting glared at. Daniel smiled a little though and Dean smoothed down the back of his t-shirt with the flat of his hand. He had to chuckle when he noticed Daniel had shucked his pants at the foot of the bed, sporting a pair of red boxers that complimented his green lantern shirt quite nicely.
Damn it all, he’s sad, and he wants to cry too. He was once a fucking soldier
He tucks him in properly and kisses him, Danny curling instinctively up around his worn stuffed dog, coughing lightly as Polly crawls up the bed and assumes her usual post tucked into the crook of Danny’s legs.  Dean turns on his moon lamp and closes the door with a creak. He doesn’t want to risk waking Faith, so he passes her door, and continues into he and Cas’s.  He turns the television on low and turns the lights off, twisting tiredly into a thermal and flannel pants. He finds himself just climbing into bed when Cas comes in and immediately sets about brushing his teeth and the rest of his night routine, scratching lazily at his leg for a moment while he takes his clothes off, watching whatever’s on tv. He puts on a sweatshirt and his own pants, knit, and just about collapses beside Dean after a few moments, his legs having given straight out.
a woman squinting in the sun
“These are cool. You always get books with pictures and stuff.” She chews on her lip a little after she stops talking and then swats more long hair out of her face, and Cas chuckles softly at her lack of grace. It’s when he emits that soft laugh that she finally looks up.
“Well, your Papa said something about hot cider and donuts earlier, so you think that sounds like a good idea?” They’re halfway back home now and Daniel nods excitedly.
“They’ll love it.” Cas assured him and Dean laughed.
She takes her big brothers hand and he lets her lead him to the stairs where they climb down carefully, still gripping each other’s fingers. Dean follows behind them, not bothered it takes them twice as long this way.
“COME ON DADDY!” Daniel all but screams, looking at the streams of kids trickling down the streets in the dusky light, most with homemade costumes that speak of late night sewing for their satisfied looking mother’s.
Dean listens to the sound of him going downstairs and the distant clang of him pulling a pot out, probably for the box of kraft macaroni Dean saw sitting out by the stove.
Inias plays with the edge of his suit coat.
“Yes.” Cas starts with another kiss, nosing up to Dean’s jaw. “I think we should eat, and we should definitely get mildly drunk on this wine, and then I think we should run a bath and then I think we should probably have some very nice sex.”
and demands he get up, and no matter what Cas does he can’t get her off of him -
Incahuasi reminded him.
Cas rolls his hips up to meet each thrust, kissing viciously, earnestly, and Dean reaches between the two of them, fisting around Cas’s dick again.
The walk is long and dusty, and by the time Leticia gets to the adobe house the sun is high above her head. The bruja is sweeping her front step, moving her whole body with each arc of her twiggy broom.
for both of them. Faith sits dazed and uncomfortable on the counter, rubbing her face, her hair matted down her back, sporting the same pj’s she’s worn since yesterday. Danny isn’t in much better shape. He pulls away from Dean and goes to Cas, standing beside him, humming another low whine, scrubbing at his stuffy nose. Faith coughs and it’s wet and nasty and Dean’s heard that cough and knows it’ll take at least a week for it to leave completely.
Castiel’s brow furrows - the inflection of Dean’s tone indicates something different than his expression, which is that same smirk. Cas wishes that Sam were there to explain, because he’s at a loss.
It’s adorable, and therefore Dean simply has to be a part of it, because really, nothing is cuter than Cas in his nest of sheets getting his feathers ruffled. That would be the reason, Dean supposes – to see his usually so
flame? what good is the catfish without the river?
Dean breathes in and out, and Cas’s hand lays on his chest and he imagines each cell drowning in the oxygen, pictures the celebration of each groaning tissue as it receives blood and water, and marvels at the intimate mechanics of every atom.
“I’ll take care of that, go eat something. Have you eaten today?”
“Dean, that’s so stupid. Why would you
“Sammy used to eat his eggs with ketchup when he was a kid – and my dad would get so grossed out.” Dean says and Cas leans forward over his plate, smiling. He balances his chin into the palm of his hand and stares so evenly at Dean, his free fingers playing with the skin of Dean’s knuckles. “He grew out of it though. For a few years that’s the only way he’d eat them – but man, this one time we went through a mcdonalds and he made my dad ask for ketchup for his egg mcmuffin and my dad just stared at him and it was so funny because my
, and it wasn’t hard to guess at what.
and the unrisen wishes, the depth charges,
“Mmmm.” Cas agrees, and Dean pulls a pillow down from where it’s pressed against the headboard for them to share.
Some mornings Dean wakes to an empty bed and a vibration in the air.
“We’ll be there in like, 15.” Dean says as he backs expertly out of the driveway, cranking the heater on full blast. Faith sings something behind him that he can’t make out and Cas laughs, hearing it as well.
and i am shy as an
“Says who?"
Kind of laughs and says that he already does, says it slow, and good.
“Faith, hold on…” Cas says absently, furrowing his brow and holding the camera up. Dean chuckles.
a child. He almost wants to point to himself, to touch his chest and say ‘who me?’ the way they do on television shows. Faith runs through the sprinkler, her face shiny with water, a glaze of joy. Nervously he stands, the porch swing bumping against the back of his legs. He sheds his shirt, left only in his jeans and steps down off the porch to the grass. It itches his bare feet and little shreds stick to his heels, but he starts walking to them, Faith comes running. He swoops her up, kisses her, and then sets her back down and she runs through the sprinkler.  He stands on one side, watching her as the water parts for a split second and then she reemerges, screaming with joy, on the other side and he can feel the faint imprint where her wet naked upper half had been pressed against his chest, her little sun warmed body so close to his heart.  Danny giggles and does the same; the water fans around him and then he’s crossed over.
It makes Dean lose himself. It makes him want to be loud too, because Cas doesn’t understand conventions like tact or strategy in love. He just
“Cas?! Baby!” Dean cries, racing to Castiel’s side, still holding the dead mouse by the wood of the trap. Cas leans out of the sink, looks at the dead mouse and retches again, batting Dean away. Dean stands there, dazed, in his underwear, and then goes to drop the mouse in the trashcan before hurrying back to Cas, helping him to the bathroom.
The day was absolutely miserable;it had been pouring for hours without a break, and the sky was a dirty grey color that didn’t make any promises to stop anytime soon. Cas sat in the study upstairs, going over material for his teaching exam and listening to the drum of the rain on the room over the soft music coming off of his computer.
“Get your ass upstairs.”
“Hey.” He says darkly, already zeroing in on the cut and the awkward way Dean is putting his weight on his good leg. He turns around, and gives Faith a stare and she inches back in the house, slinking away like a cat, Polly following her, her dog tags tinkling.
Dean smiled, but it trembled.
“Dean?” He asked, staring at the mess of chairs in front of him. Dean glanced over his shoulder where he was lightly nailing the corner of a blanket into the wall and smiled.
“Chwistmas twee!” She repeats before looking around rapidly, wiggling around.
but bravely i come
"Well, come on, let’s go turn it off.” He says, nudging at Cas’s waist.
“It’s not
Pianississimo: the unspoken “
“No, what? Really, tell me!”
"The back rub? Yeah I know.” Dean chuckles, scratching at Cas’s back, between his shoulder blades, and Cas flops down on the pillow, snaking his legs between Dean’s.
“That is a stone,” Castiel finds himself saying, “I do not understand…what is your purpose?”
“Come on monkey!” Dean says as he scoops her into his arms half way up the staircase, which makes her shriek and thrash a bit before giving in. He helps her out of her day clothes and into the tub she goes, disgruntled that he has to untangle her long brown hair, but happy to play with Daniel’s pirate bath toy without him complaining about it.
Castiel sits with his hands folded under the steering wheel, unsure of what to do.  Dean’s been saying that same phrase with slight variation for the past three hours, but never once has Cas actually
And she owes Mama a favor, but she always owes everyone favors when little sons have toothaches.
“Ok, come on monkey, into our nice clothes – we got 30 minutes, so cooperate!” He hangs the towel up and she scampers to her room, butt naked and making her parrot noises. He follows and pulls out the clothes that Cas mentioned she should wear and lays them out on the bed as she fiddles with one of her stuffed animals.  “C’mere!” He tells her, sitting on the edge of her bed and moving her clothes to beside him. She skips to him and leans on his knees as she steps into her underwear and then the undershirt he helps her with, her little baby tummy round and sticking out. He blows a raspberry on her cheek and she pushes his faces away, giggling like mad, and then let’s Dean shimmy her into one of her three Christmas dresses. This one is green and red plaid with gold threads that shine when she moves, and a big poufy crinoline skirt underneath. Dean reaches onto her dresser for her brush and turns her around so that she’s leaning between his legs and begins to brush her hair, working from the bottom up the way Cas taught him to get all the tangles out.
Castiel gives him an incredulous stare and then reaches into the long, slim, cardboard box he holds.
She doesn’t say anything and Dean sits up, wincing at his foot.
Juggling two kids was way harder than Dean ever anticipated and he had the newest appreciation for just how well Cas seemed to manage it when Dean went on the occasional hunt with Sam.
Dean starts moving his feet slowly, off time with the music, and Cas shuffles with him.
“It’s ok monkey, no more medicine.” Danny tells her, his nasally voice trying to be light. He tickles her leg and Faith manages a wet giggle.
“THERE YOU ARE! I missed you!” He says and she collapses onto his chest; luckily the towel keeps him from getting too wet.
He could see the sky spread out over the ground - purple and white clouds and hot yellow sun and the same oily blue sky. It hadn’t changed much either in 46,000 years.
"You should get back to them.” Inias says and Cas nods.
“Daddy? Can I have a bath? I feel bad.” She croaks and Dean looks down and kisses her gently on the side of the head, carrying her upstairs.
The next day, the star called to the catfish, but it could not hear, for heaven was too far from the earth in those times before all times.
and Dean doesn’t force him, so he stays. Besides, they are on an abandoned road and Cas isn’t exactly fond of the idea of walking back to Bobby’s in the oppressive heat they face. Dean massages his entire face, the skin making a slight rasping sound over his stubble, exhasperated. Castiel remains quiet as Dean sits back in the seat and inhales.
one step with me and, in return,
"But, I owe your Mama a favor.” The bruja dismisses, standing suddenly from her table. She teeters to the kitchen and Leticia cannot see, but she knows she is putting the medicine in a little linen bag for her to take home.
and offer to smudge the clay
“You mean…this pie?” he asked, gesturing lightly with the fork. Dean shook his head. Cas was perched at the kitchen table, wearing his sweats and an inexcusably sexy mop of ruffled hair.
“What’s wrong? Where are you?” Dean demands, and he can hear him moving into a room with less noise. Cas laughs because  there’s nothing really
you, who gives all things, bless me with the fields of his body
“You ok by yourself?” Dean asked, and he knew he was hovering but couldn’t really stop the question once he had started to worry. Daniel nodded vacantly struggling to pull off his shirt, not saying anything in protest when Dean helped him before he left, cracking the door so he could hear if anything went wrong. Dean jogged downstairs and fetched a steel pot from the kitchen and brought it back to Daniel’s room and putting it down on the floor beside his bed before pulling the unmade covers back and re arranging the pillows so that the mattress somehow resembled a bed and not the strange tangle of blankets it currently was when Daniel woke up that morning. After straightening the sheets he heard Daniel slosh out of the tub and rummaged through his drawers for clean clothes, setting them right inside on the bathroom counter, Daniel currently sitting on the edge of the tub with a towel around his waist.
“I’m sorry, Dean, but I can’t,” he said, his voice grave, a smile hinting on his mouth, “it’s just too important to me.” Dean watched as he kept the fork in one hand and then scrambled for the plate, because Dean had already lurched, his socked feet slipping on the wood floor.
“Is there more?” She asks, shyly, and the bruja raises her silver eyebrows.
He pushes his palms down, feels the grit of the  parking lot dig into his skin, and heaves himself half way up before  beaching himself again. His legs sit uselessly behind him, too heavy to  lift. Dean breathes through the shifting colors the neon signs are  swirling into and tries to figure out how the fuck he plans on crawling  to the Impala.
Dean bucked up, and in Cas’s intention to hold him still, he ended up forgetting how loose his own grip on the tub of chocolate was.
The bruja smiles, her face a map of wrinkles that Leticia can’t decipher.
“I’m warning you, it’s cheap.”
Dean thinks on this – how Cas might even have seen the very composers, divinely inspired, when they laid the notes to these long-sung songs in dusty churches, meant for those old people in stiff clothing, holding their hymnals – how Castiel must have looked on them and smiled. Found beauty and goodness.
The next morning, hung over, Cas almost trips on Dean’s pants which are right in front of the trash, and as he sees the dead mouse sitting inside he can only imagine, picking up the pants and depositing them in the laundry room nearby.
“Did he catch you?” Danny asks and Cas leans in, as if to tell him a secret.
When Aldebaran ruptures, splits her skin, Castiel cannot see if the humans will be around, but if they are, they will herald it.
“Stop saying that!” Dean cries, “THERE’S NOTHING FOR YOU HERE! THERE’S NOTHING! I FUCKED IT UP! DON’T YOU
Secretly, he knows that she won’t go down later when he tucks  her in with her brother on the guest bed, but that’s ok. Round ten little feet will squeak down his stairs and she’ll come sit up in his lap, quiet as a church mouse. Bobby is far too honest a man to say he doesn’t love it, her tucked up, staring sleepily at the tv while he flips through books and thumbs through research for Sam or whoever else needs it at the time.
It just makes him miss Cas even harder.
Daniel waved him back out of the room and Dean busied himself with making sure they had saltines and other things that Daniel could keep down later. He found a case of ginger ale in the pantry and opened one up, letting it sit on the counter for a few minutes before taking it to his son. When he walked back into the bedroom, he saw that Danny was sprawled on the bed, and though he looked asleep, he opened one eye against the pillow and huffed as Dean set the can down on his messy bedside table.
“Hey-” Dean snorts, and Cas buries his face in Dean’s shoulder, laughing.
“Oh, I’d
“Dean we’ve got to get that comforter in the wash.” Cas said, appearing at the doorway to Danny’s room. Danny was halfway to his bed when he turned.
“Goodnight, little bird.” Cas whispers, and then he bends to kiss him one last time.
“I…I want that.” He said quickly. Dean looked at the toe-headed toddler, his heart rate increasing. This was happening. In front of Macy’s, people flowing around them in holiday stupors, snow swirling down. This was about to happen.
“Could you round up the company?” He suggests, carrying the plate towards the table and Dean takes it from him.
my muddy dream.
The river cried, and he became a catfish, too heavy to hold, and too quick to catch.
A younger couple with an even younger son trying to wrangle him closer to them. Crowds were starting to line the street for the annual Christmas parade, and way far down by the post office Dean could see the congregation of high school marching bands and fire engines.
“Course not.”
Cas stops in the doorway and stares at his son, his arms instinctively tightening under Danny’s legs.
“Shit -”
“You look like it.” Dean answered and Daniel laughed weakly before clutching his stomach with a whine. Dean touched his shoulder and squeezed it. “Let’s get you upstairs - get you in the tub or something and then I’ll set you up down here, ok?”
Castiel stood with his feet in a puddle on the largest salt flat in the world. The ground there is usually gasping for water, earth cupping the chapped broken hands of a hard laborer. The sky is so blue it looks like an oily smear of thick paint. The air reeks of salt. He could also smell ammonia – bird shit. Colonies of pink flamingos in the Laguna Colorada south of the salar.
at the shoreline
Dialing the number is a pain though, and Sam is  probably asleep by now, so Dean opts to lie down in the back of the  Impala, feet on the edge of the window, everything coming loose in one  long unhindered groan. Blinking at the dark ceiling before he slips  away, Dean thinks about what Cas said – what his mind told Cas to say.  It’s not like he ever listened to Cas over other people. Something  aches, something deep down, about that - something that resonates ‘
The man said.
. The stillness says, but Dean doesn't reply.
“It’s cause you don’t let him fall asleep on his own.” Dean smiles. “You wanna hold him; but you gotta let him learn to go down by himself, without you…he knows that if he starts crying you’ll come, and you won’t leave.” Dean explains, shushing Daniel, and Daniel screams louder than ever, but starts to eventually quiet. Cas just stays collapsed in the glider, It’s true. He doesn’t like shutting the door before Daniel’s asleep.
Her eyelashes flutter and she frowns at him briefly.
“Let’s wake papa up! Ok! Yes! Let’s wake him up! Yes!”
He wants to tell it to go, but he can’t. Every time  he tries it looks at him with blue eyes and Dean can’t do it. He can’t  tell it to go, can’t tell it to leave him for good.
Dean remained silent as Cas looked at him, as sincerely and earnestly as he’d ever looked at him in his life.
“Uh…” Sam said, suddenly, and Cas slowly turned to Sam, eyes wide with horror. He was completely unused to being caught, and now, well, Sam looked just as shocked that Castiel was being so
He goes back to his book and figures that Dali must have known his daughter in another life and been inspired. What other way could he and others try to replicate the beauty he sees whenever she’s near?
for Cas, in quite some time, and it’s not that teenage hot, it’s the slow-burning kind of hot, the kind that will drive a man to madness, make him do
. He looks back at the paper and smirks. “You are wearing what you usually wear.”
But it just doesn’t work that way with them.
He hears Dean in the kitchen saying something into the phone and Sam assumes it’s probably Cas. He continues to observe the infant, as he was directed, and Daniel makes a baby noise.
Man, catfish, it don’t make no difference sometimes. We all in the mud. We all just creatures wallowing in something.
that you'd want to hear if awakening,
It happens in a blink - a snap.
“Detergent.”
“It hit me like a ton of bricks.”
The love that I know is black tilled soil.
“We’re building a fort and you’re not invited -  now you get back to your room right now. Hustle.” Dean said, dropping his foot back to the ground and moving closer to corral Danny back towards his room.
to see you try to make me do anything,” Cas growled, flipping and racing up the few feet, skidding into the bedroom, Dean hot on his heels.
Danny doesn’t even complain about the prospect of it and as he dumps them both into the tub they both seem too groggy to protest as he helps them wash off all the sick of the day. When he helps them back out they smell heavenly – baby shampoo and that sweet smell of their body wash as he mops water off of them with towels.
Dean looks up from his coffee at Castiel pressed at the kitchen window, his own mug clenched in his hand, and Dean recognizes the severe expression and who it happens to be for.
“Happy Halloween, Dean.”
“Huh.”
“I can’t sleep.” He croaked and Cas sat up a little more, rubbing the sleep from his eye. Dean saw as Danny shifted from foot to foot before swaying a little, like he was light headed.
The way he looked at that record was the way he looked at
“You said that before.” Leticia replies, watching the old, crooked, finger, point at her.
Definitely worth it.
"I don’t know. It just isn’t possible.”
The showman picks up the stone delicately and shows it to the audience.
wants something. Cas chuffs in annoyance when Dean worms his way near him, and Cas hisses when Dean’s cold feet fidget around, pushing up Cas’s sweats for the warm skin revealed, and Cas snaps at him when he tries to eat part of his Toblerone, but it’s worth it, Dean thinks, to revel in a Cas who smells like their blankets and is trying to watch his movie, but that’s difficult because Dean keeps asking about the plot every ten seconds. Dean’s a born tease, and Cas takes everything literally, and it’s more fun than anything else, sometimes to be childish and stupid and prod at Cas till he lifts his arm and let’s Dean nuzzle into his chest while Dean plays with the foil from the candy bar.
Dean knows Cas could boot him easily if he wanted to, but the hand that is starting to stroke his hair is saying otherwise, and as they settle together, and Dean inevitably falls asleep, they both know that Dean will complain to Sammy and Sammy will tell Dean to make Cas stop.
The star replied.
His blue eyes stayed glued to the floor, darting around, and as he tried to go around Dean and get the pie and throw it out, Dean put the cup back on the counter as quickly as possible in order to forcefully grab up Castiel’s face. He kissed him hard, quick and dirty, and Castiel gasped as he deepened it before drawing back as fast as he’d started.
The time goes by, Daniel asking every few minutes, and then, Dean’s phone vibrates.
They do alright.
“Work” | Stephen Dunn
He’ll torch himself, a beacon, so Cas can find him in the darkness, a  tear in the black to catch Cas’s eyes. When his eyes roll over  humanity, he’ll catch Dean in one star of scorching blaze and those  hands will come down shouting mercy and safety.
The bird sang, and the man remained a catfish too quick to catch.
“You -
“I feel like shit.” He croaked and Dean reached out to palm his forehead, moving his hair to one side before letting his fingers cup his pale cheek.
“It’s becoming a problem.” Castiel’s voice is low and Dean let’s his throat open up in a groan as Castiel dips his head down. They kiss, and it’s all tugs and tongue and nips, and Dean’s never complained about the sex, but it hasn’t been like this in a good three months. He hasn’t been this worked up, this
He deadpans, pulling out a hand that crunches with empty wrappers. He gazes at them and then back into the box his face painted with disbelief. “Dean,
Castiel grumbled, which was something Dean and Sam said when it was sort of a problem but one they didn’t feel like dealing with.
Dean, sighing, because Cas is going to pursue
“Oh, you do?” Dean says, interested, the candles barely lighting very far from the table, Cas’s face steeped in shadows. Only his eyes gleam as they glance up at him from under his dark lashes. Cas nods and then leans forward to kiss Dean’s neck.
He never interrupts, though, but leaves Cas to it in his pajamas, rocking with the motions of the pedals like a ship moored in the bay while the others are out of sea.
Standing in front of Macy’s, Cas burying his face into the back of his shoulder, both of them laughing as they imagined it, and how natural and right it all seemed. Dean knew, realistically, that it would be complicated. Everything with them was, but he had learned a long time ago that sometimes the complicated things were the ones worth fighting for.
“Do you even know how to use that?” Dean said as they walked down the sidewalk.
Only, it hadn’t stayed
“I could get behind that.” Cas muttered, sighing at the feeling. “I had - ah - ” He paused as Dean got him right in that spot where his jaw curved strongly upwards. That was Dean’s favorite part, those little erogenous places no one but him would ever know about. “ - plans.” Cas sighed, as Dean kissed him on the mouth again, and again, and again, until Cas’s eyes closed and his breathing evened out.
Bobby knows that Dean and Cas will probably give him shit for it later, but he can’t bring himself to do anything about it.
"A star fell in love with the catfish?”
By the time she nods off he’s closed his last volume and carries her upstairs, his legs groaning the whole time, not shutting the door till he’s sure the room is safe, that the sigils are still under the rug at the foot of the bed, that - he remembers where he is and bends over to tuck the quilt under her a little more.
have you forgotten my love?
Dean paused his digging through the refrigerator and froze.
Castiel says something to Daniel which makes him exceptionally happy and then (and
He ignores the patient voice beside him and tries  to focus on the phone that he can see lighting up under the Kia. It’s  Sam, he can tell, even from here. Who else would be calling? He only has  Sam now.
It’s the kind of cute that doesn’t make Dean feel like a complete idiot for having a very warm, sleepy, Cas sit on his lap at the kitchen table and look at the crosswords, scratching at his stomach in those striped pj’s, Dean laughing as he picks up the pen out of Dean’s hand and jots something in and then takes a bite of Dean’s toast before standing up to see if the coffee maker is done yet.
“No, you see…” He starts, and he drops his voice to a whisper, leaning against the doorframe into the hall. Just past them, in the kitchen, Dean is dressing Faith and his big hands hold her so gently.
“Did we?” There’s a beat of worried silence and then Dean grabs the tube. “We’ll just double up I guess.” He shrugs, popping the cap and trying to keep Daniel as still as possible. Cas smiles and reaches down to stroke Daniel’s cheek.
Castiel turns eyes back to the stars that paint no pictures for him, but light up everything.
“Hey…?” Danny breathed, waking up for a moment, and Cas petted his hair, whispering at  him to go back to sleep. “What’s f’ dinner?” Danny blearily asked, Cas rolling his eyes before leaning down to pinch his son’s cheek.
Sam Winchester, it appeared, was far more observant than his older brother.
“Hey! I was calling to see when you’d be home - are you ok?”
Cas clicked the shutter.
In the time before all times, a brother cried out to the one who had sewn rivers over the land.
Cas nods and then Dean is pulling Faith out of his arms, though she is whining, but doesn’t seem to be bothered when she’s snuggled into Dean’s shoulder.
“Can I just stay u-upstairs?” Daniel hiccuped, and Dean shrugged.
“Dean, you didn’t even
“What a funny, funny, man!” he roars, “he thinks the show is over! It’s hardly begun!”
Besides, he’s her grandpa. He couldn’t be mad at her for being grumpy later if his life depended on it. So he lets her sleep instead, far past the time she’s supposed to, bundled up in Karen’s wedding quilt on his sagging couch.
“You had something on your face.”
, Sam says. He refers to Taurus, the pagan bull.
unwed girl -
“He is.” Castiel finishes, and he watches the shadows through the window shades darting across the lawn, the sounds of their laughter. He wants to tell Inias what that feels like; to know that they’re there. But he knows Inias wouldn’t really understand.
Castiel opens his mouth, but it’s over.
Dean shakes his head and rubs his palms on his jeans while Cas walks past where the hunter is staring into the refrigerator blankly, like any minute a three course meal is going to pop into view.
the problem was when Sam got back he had handed the change to Cas who had, and Sam had to make sure he wasn’t seeing things, somehow deliberately dropped a quarter which rolled over the hardwood and under the couch where Dean sat. Deliberately because the rest of the coins were balanced easily in his palm, but one had somehow ‘slipped’ from between the cracks of his fingers with a small separation of the digits.
But the funny thing is that Dean Winchester can’t  lie down – he can’t sleep till the world is safe and there’s no one else  to do it, to clean up the mess, so Dean tries to stand again, lurching  forward into the apparition his mind has conjured for the evening. He  stalks through Castiel’s incorporeal form which doesn’t even flicker but  follows his footsteps to the Impala. Dean fumbles with his keys, nearly  scrapes her sleek black side, and then, after a moment, stops. He can  barely keep his eyes open, and his forehead is so hot against the cool  metal he can almost hear it hiss.
He falls asleep with a headache from too much champagne and a sigh.
“What?”
“Today’s the day.”
“Love will take a heavy heart and turn it into something beautiful.” The bruja whispers. “It will make a catfish into a man, a river of tears into something that can grow strong trees. It will make a star into a lover."
with thing, but does she really need to stare at him like that?
“I have complied, so let me go. That’s your rule,” Castiel says harshly and the showman throws his head back and laughs, the crowd laughing along with him.
Faith whimpers and Dean bounces her, walking up towards the house.
“That one’s part of the Pleiades, right Sam?”  Dean’s voice is thoughtful and Sam nods, sipping his beer. Dean points  at a different star now, Aldebaran forgotten. His green eyes, burning  with intelligence and curiosity fix on Castiel. He is trapped in their  binary pull, gravitated. “You know those right, Cas? The seven sisters?”
“Will you tell me?”
"Mm. Yes.” She puts her cup down with a little rattling sound, “But a little suffering is good for a growing boy. It helps him to learn.” She flashes her yellowing teeth at Leticia and Leticia smiles hesitantly back, the brown face friendly.
Cas frowns and let’s the weight of the pan sink back into his hand as he drops his arms, sighing. Dean moves to his side and they both look at the pathetic little mess.
Castiel appears moments later, pushing her gently out of his way.
“Now who’s impatient?” Dean says, giving up, because Cas is breathless and needy and scratching at him.
“Woah!” He says, trying to laugh as Faith’s shoulder slams into his palm. He holds her out, away from  him, trying to hide her Uncle’s blood on his shirt with the way his jacket falls, and keep himself from shaking with exhaustion. His ankle screams with a burning pain and he grits his teeth.
.” Cas reads, rocking them, the movement casting a shadow into the hallway where Dean sits, smiling, eyes closed.
Dean sees seven stars distinct; each so bright, so  luminous, they have their own legends, their own names, their own  mythos. Dean would have had to look up such things, and as Castiel hears  his voice, dropped and murmuring, the three of them craning their heads  back, Castiel watches each molecule of those stars.
She pulls a face.
“We…It’s…” He started and cut himself off, magnetized to the site of the father who was now wincing with a smile as Charlie pulled on his hair.
A star, smaller than his brothers, found him in the dark.
my sandals are new
“Well Cas, that would be because I’m being
“Shut up.” Dean teased, pinching her, relishing the squeal she gave, laughing.
“It is hot and you walked here! Rest your feet! Pobrecita!” She insists and Leticia sits because she is tired and it is hot. She takes another drink from her cup and nods to herself.
The star replied.
The star replied.
Cas’s voice whispers 'hush’ into Danny’s ear, as he always does.
“Just watch him for like, two seconds.” Dean barks, running to answer the phone.
Every trick his very muddled brain can come up with - and granted, that isn’t many tricks, but he’s trying - and Danny still won’t go down.
“Ah- Ahhhh!” She cries and that’s all Dean needs before he is rushing for her as she holds her arms up at him, the little palms red and scraped.
“I’ll just stick with the Spring Rain then…or maybe that new one…vanilla?”
The term pj’s is kind of relative. It could mean your basic hanes t-shirt and flannel pants, but it could also very much mean the striped monstrosities that Cas is wearing right now.
Cas starts to smile and then looks down.
.” Daniel gripes, crossing his arms.
“I don’t think so. Wait - yes."
She’d put his hand on her waist and her shoulder and told him, shouting over the heavy guitar.
“She cry?” Dean asked, standing, grabbing Danny’s hands so he wouldn’t go running off.
The audience laughs, and he tosses the stone again, just a little, and Castiel follows its every turn through the air, hypnotized by the way it spins and gleams in the light, making a faint slap when it hits the showman’s palm.
“Yeah, we’re gonna go drive a little bit. You wanna do that?” He says straightening the sweater a little more. She nods and then pads to Danny’s room, swaying on her feet.
He traces the letter D absently against his palm.
“No! No! I wish you could see her face…” he started, breaking into a grin as Faith’s mouth fell open and she stared at Cas, or, more appropriately the towel.
Dean wants to see him. He wants to see him fall apart, and as if in response to these thoughts Cas’s legs open, beckoning Dean in tighter, closer, and Dean complies too easily. Because Cas is spoiled and he gets what he wants, and Dean gets
Someday someone is going to ask him what this was like and Dean isn’t going to really explain it. He’s probably going to stand there like an idiot. Someday Cas is going to ask him
He’ll wail and wait for pale hands to grab him up and blue  eyes to hold him through the frenzy. Oh, he’ll scream. He’ll scream for  those hands. Like some lamb on an alter he’ll burn. Clean flame, blue  and white, roasting in his shoes. His smoke will spell that long kept  secret, every spark will spit a prayer for the one who can save him, no  God, no man, but that one who came before, and will come again.
Cas looks Dean up and down, raises his hand and curls Dean’s palm over the keys.
And a body ain’t nothin’ but a river and a man’s soul ain’t nothin’ but a catfish. Some believe when you die your soul comes heavin’ outta your mouth so it can be tossed back in the water. But you gotta wonder, how many heartaches does it take to make a catfish outta someone’s soul? How many pains it take to make a soul into somethin’ like that? All blue and gaspin’? Like somethin’ that ain’t workin’ proper. Some poor deprived thing.
“I don’t know if it’ll compliment such a five star meal.” Cas teases, tilting his head into Dean’s line of vision where Dean is shelling the outer parts of the onion. Dean laughs softly and tries to push him out of the way as he works, but Cas is persistent. “But I think we can make it work.” He steals a kiss, and then another and when Dean isn’t particularly enthusiastic about it, sighs and rubs Dean’s tense shoulder.
“Now, don’t get upset because you have to be the girl.” He teases and Cas looks around, as though there’s some kind of joke going on.
Dean listens to the satiny sound of the french syllables in the song.
“It’s nothing.” Dean whispered, giving him one final once over before leaving.
The man asked, astounded.
, it continued with a yawn.
“Can you imagine him walking?” Cas says after a moment and Dean shakes his head.
“Again! Again!”
“Here I am!” He said and she laughed so hard she leaned into his hands that had gone out to support her. Her fat little legs curled up and she tipped forward, headbutting him with the force of her laughter. Cas watching her began to laugh too, his shoulders shaking as he right her, making sure her feet were firmly on the rug before he slowly rearranged the towel again.
In the afterword, Dean lies on Cas’s chest and Cas cards his fingers sleepily through Dean’s damp hair.
“You wanna hear a secret?” Sam whispers and Danny stops his kicking to look deeply into his eyes. Sam read somewhere that this is called mirroring, or something like that. Sam smiles at him and strokes his thumb over Danny’s cheek.
“Did you drink my powerade or didn’t you?” Danny said, growing irritated.
The sun hits the water and casts rainbows over their heads and they shimmer in between, invisible to them, but ribboning beautifully across Cas’s view. Droplets halo their brown heads in a haze of white and Cas smiles and Polly suns herself a few feet away, an ear twitching as she watches the little ones. In a sudden moment, Danny turns and Faith turns with him and they stare at Cas. Danny opens his arms in the same way that he would open them for his son.
He hears it, in those strings, in the catch of Cas’s sweater on his thumb. Dean can’t express himself the way Cas or Sam can. He doesn’t know the first thing about Edith Pilaf or La Vie En Rose, but he gets what Cas means.
“Next time?” Dean says roughly, and then he reaches forward with both hands to grab Cas’s face and kiss him hard and quick. “You’re something.” He says between another two presses of their mouths, both of them still breathing a little heavy.
Dean closes his eyes, focuses on the scratch of stubble on his abodmen, the kiss to each rib he receives, the strum of Cas’s fingess as they slip down his sides. The wind filters in and leaves goosebumps on their sticky skin, promising cool weather and rain. Crickets sing in the grass and Dean remembers a far off story about the bird that could catch souls and keep them from leaving earth as the whippoorwill sounds in the wood. Cas’s voice, wooly with sleepiness follows after him, chasing the trembling brooks of sadness that blossom in his stomach like the columbine trellis they nailed to the cottage’s side.
Dean frowns at this explanation. Castiel turns fully to him and takes one of Dean’s loose hands. He stares at it.
“Nah, I almost got it…” Dean replied, still working his arm under the couch, scraping around. Sam watched as Cas’s face darkened, Dean’s ass hiking up, the underwear he wore peeking over his pants.
Incahuasi said sheepishly.
“Just let me lead, it’s easy, you’ll get the hang of it –“ He steps like that girl taught him, and Cas jumps a little, tightening his hand on Dean’s waist, smiling weirdly at Dean before he goes back to looking at their feet.
“Shit…my truck.” He said, referring to the frame on wheels Bobby had gifted him for his birthday that year.
said “Sammy, that’s not normal. No one eats freakin’ ketchup on an egg mcmuffin…” and we just cracked up because he was, you know, hunting.” Dean laughs, staring at Cas’s eyes like he’s going to make fun of him. Cas smiles instead.
The sky stains purple, like someone spilled wine over the clouds. Cas mouths at Dean’s right knee.
Her brown eyes dance over the page, and she raises her eyebrows at the colorful pictures.
they chorused.
Faith finally falls asleep when they hit halfway through town, and Dean pulls off to u-turn and head back to the house, one arm stretched out over the back of the seat, sliding till he meets Cas’s neck. Cas doesn’t even jump at the way Dean’s hand rubs at the knob of his spine, completely lax. He smiles in contentment, Faith and Danny warm sighing lumps of quilt on his lap, a wonderful weight.
on strong cedar legs
Dean’s not a ‘pajamas’ kind of guy. He’s more like ’t-shirt I am already wearing and probably the underwear I’m already wearing too, maybe some clean underwear, I don’t know, have I showered yet? What the hell let’s ditch the shirt it’s hot’ kind of guy, but Cas, Cas definitely has night rituals. They give him structure, so Dean doesn’t mind so much that he
“You are a really loved little boy, ok? So don’t ever worry.”
The brother sank as a stone sinks, and Elohim watched the river flood the land.
“What?”
not even the poor will want me. even the wretches throw me away.
A few minutes later, Cas emerged, carrying a red faced Faith who was playing with the adhesive on the back of a sticker.
“I…I have never been this happy before.” Cas confessed quietly into the material of Dean’s jacket.
“Sorry it didn’t work out.” Dean whispered and Cas shrugged against him.
The man said.
“Mouse! Little asshole’s somewhere – I know it!” Dean yelled back, his voice echoing in the cupboard he was buried in. Castiel set down the beer he was carrying and the sack of groceries among some displaced dry pasta and can of Quaker Oats and carefully stepped over the broom Dean had thrown out of his way when raiding the pantry.
i will kiss you
to these things.” Dean didn’t miss the mischievous gleam in Cas’s eyes as he said it, and he nodded in understanding.
“No problem, Cas.” Sam replies, smiling himself, “I mean, it’s not like,
with it, not enact
“You cold?” Dean asks, rubbing his own hands over each other before he sticks them in his pockets. The night has settled in and the stars blink down at them, and the wind has picked up, raking against their cheeks and noses.
Dean nodded once, still smiling, his fist curled loosely on the fabric of Cas’s jacket. They settled into silence. Dean rolled his other arm around and turned to Cas.
“I would be anything,” he sing songs, “If you’d only ask!”
“You want me to fix you something?” a hand creeping under Cas’ shirt, scratching lightly between his shoulder blades. A stifled yawn into the back of his hand and a shake of his head.
“Oh, baby.” He says, wrapping his arms around her as tight as he can. “Oh, baby, I’m all better now.”
“Cas.” Dean exhaled, but Cas didn’t say anything, merely busied himself with trailing down to the slash of the smile down right at the edge of Dean’s stomach.
“Go well?” He says and Faith looks over her rounded shoulder to gaze at them with big brown eyes.
He stares at them and the light grey dash board of his car. There is a sweater neglected in the back seat - a, rumpled, yellow, pile that mimics the color of daffodils - that he can see when he glances in the rear view mirror. It’s Faith’s, left over from some trip to the store or to school.
“Up?” Faith pipes in and Dean tugs on one of her long curls from behind.
“Classy.” Dean says, cracking eggs and Cas raises his eyebrows, taking a sip, pinky up. Dean shakes his head, smiling deep into the side of his cheek while Cas comes at him with the other glass.
“Yeah - oh! Wait I got it!”
they whispered, so the Father would not hear them, a clutch of cowards afraid of even the idea of his wrath.
“Just come here, please? It can wait, I wanna show you something!” Dean demands, tugging more insistently. “It can wait, I promise, just come here for like, five minutes.”
“It’s awesome! I’ve  never seen one like that before. You did that? Wow."
Then Dean didn’t really have much time to do much thinking because Cas was laving his tongue over Dean’s skin, erasing his work with more finesse then was probably necessary.
“It’s like this…more, or less.” Cas says softly and Dean listens to the sound of the woman’s voice. He hears it, in the waver of her tone, the melody that is so familiar but not, but more so in the press of Castiel’s body.
“I’d love that.” Dean repeats, before his eyes fall shut.
"Come on.” Dean whispers, leading him out of the room, ready to put him to bed, “You’re turn.”
What he remembered, more than the actual song, was a pretty red head in a honky tonk outside of Forth Worth who had pulled him out on the dance floor and told him she was gonna ‘teach them bow legs how to dance if it was the last thing she did’. Dean wasn’t one to argue with girls like her, her pearly smile and sweet-tea personality, especially back then.
brief because he’s being pushed and his shoulders meet the bed. Cas’s hands slip the t-shirt off and Dean grunts as it works over his head and then flies across the bed, hitting the far wall and out of sight. They don’t talk too much after that, just huffing, and Dean grabs Castiel’s hips now, kneading along the jutting line of his bones. They are both hard and Dean’s starting to get frustrated with his jeans, shimmying under Castiel.
It jingles and Danny reaches for it and takes it out of his hand, flinging it around a little, awed at the noise.
Cas stared increduously at him and then he tilted his head, curious.
“We’ll be waiting.” Dean answers, brightly. Cas waits a beat.
“Dean.” He whispered, moving closer. “Dean, I
the old man bending to look at the flower
This wouldn’t even have bothered Sam either – but it was the expression on Cas’s face that made him pay attention – it was an expression that said very plainly that this wasn’t some accident.
how will you recognize me? will you look past and see me?
He whined again, bouncing and Dean sighed, rolled his eyes and slapped the magazine back on the glass topped table to his right.
“He would have liked you. My dad.” Dean finishes after a quiet moment and Cas looks thoughtfully at the ceiling, considering this, still running his fingertips over the skin of Dean’s hand.
. Dean remembers, thinking of the records they played in the living room the day after Christmas.
He takes an even breath and feels his fingers unhinge and drop into his lap, palms smoothing over his thighs and his knees. He looks at them now, the pale skin on his dark wash jeans. He wears gloves when he gardens and Dean always teases him about the tan line on his wrists.
i have burrowed into the dark to find bread, but it turns to ash in my mouth. i have clawed canyons in this red earth but no rivers will come.
Before Bolivia, or flamingos, or the hordes of SUVs scuttling across the horizon like beetles, before the centuries old island of cacti cropped out of nowhere, it was a pluvial lake. A dredged, unglamorous, glacial footprint filled with drained rain.
Incahuasi whispered, a trembling ripple dancing over the water in infinite directions. Castiel could tell that it was growing sluggish, impatient with the complaining and talked-out.
Dean is silent for a long time.
“I’m allowed to call you monkey, right?” Dean said, poking her and Faith smiled, kissing him on the cheek.
To find a substitute for prayer.
God help him, he could see it.
i have prepared. these clumsy hands,
“Dean…” Cas huffed, moving to pull the towel off but Dean quickly stopped him, laughing.
“Hey, you’re supposed to wish for something.” Dean mocks, not delivering his answer just yet, letting a boyish smile interrupt the sobriety of Cas’s question. He stops, darts the tip of his tongue out at the ridge of his dry lip and considers. “There’ve gotta be better places than here.” Dean admits after a thoughtful silence. Cas doesn’t tell Dean that the sound of him rolling on the blanket is delightful. It’s one of his favorites - rasping. He likes that and the sound of brooms on the wooden floors of their house, he likes the sound of Dean’s back when he cracks it in the morning. He likes the percolator on the coffee machine, the dry drumming it makes. He likes the strange breathing-laugh that Dean does through his nose when he is trying to secret his smiles away. He doesn’t say any of this, just relishes the muffled sound of his body as it thrashes a moment, adjusting, getting comfortable.
Cas puts the phone back into the center console, wipes at his face and shakes his hair out. He takes a deep breath, and puts his hands back on the wheel.
“Deal with it.” Cas growls, looking harrowed. “They’ve been at it all day and I’m trying to get this done.”
They get back to the house and Dean parks the Impala and watches Cas take Faith up to bed where Dean hopes she stays properly knocked out, Danny having woken up when they pulled into the driveway, staggering along, Cas’s arm around his shoulders. Dean sets the alarm while he shrugs out of his jacket and makes sure everything is right before he follows, passing the pot of soup forgotten in the sink. He picks up Polly, even though she grumbles a bit before licking at his chin and wagging her little stumpy tail, and carries her to the second floor. Back upstairs they find Danny halfway on the mattress, having collapsed into the pillow with one foot still touching the floor. Polly wiggles and Dean let’s her gently down on Danny’s bed, where she usually sleeps.
Cas nods and then Dean is pulling Faith out of his arms, though she is whining, but doesn’t seem to be bothered when she’s snuggled into Dean’s shoulder.
Yeah, that’s how it will go.
my silver coin
Dean moves them faster and Cas feels his arm starting to tingle from holding it up, but he doesn’t want to stop, even when he thinks about the apple going brown in the kitchen.
and it’s like every time he stops and sees someone do something that he did
“Go inside and get Papa, ok?” He rasps and she draws back, and he can tell she’s uneasy about it. She looks at him once over her shoulder before she flicks her brown hair out of her face and goes inside.
Castiel seems to consider this and Faith stirs, whimpering, and Cas can feel his resolve crumbling because he’s exhausted and worried.
“Yeah, Cas.” Sam said, his own smile evening out the furrow on his brow, “He’s almost got it.” He looked back to the former angel blushing like a teenage girl next to him and gave him his best shit-eating-grin.
The next day it snows, but Sam had gone back to his nice apartment the night before, beating the clogged roads. Their plans of visiting him botched, Cas and Dean sleep off their dinner and finish the dishes, not getting dressed till after noon and a long hot shower that ends up being a tandem affair, Dean cracking his skull on the tile wall as Castiel delivers a ‘late gift’ between his legs.
Castiel insisted, ignoring their brittle annoyance.
Danny laughed and rocked backwards, pulling his hands in front of him.
“Time to get up now.”.
Dean was halfway through knocking the extra bottles of dish soap away with his elbow when the back door opened to reveal Cas. Castiel stared at Dean and around at the mess.
“That sounds great.” Dean answers for all of them, following Cas into the kitchen. “Danny you keep an eye on her, don’t let her eat any of that – she could choke.”
for all these things are bound to each other,
