"Succinylcholine." He repeated. "It's a drug-"
Sherlock seemed too bold, John figured he'd try to knock him down a bit. "Am I making you feel things, Sherlock?"
Sherlock continued in a huff, "The Drugged Asphyxiation? Oh, and what was that line I was reading?"
"There is definitely traces of something in her system. It's so minute, one could easily over look it, and yet it's so deadly. The killers had a way to get it into her system."
It was the case of the Drugged Asphyxiation that caused John to realize a lot about Sherlock he had never considered much before. Maybe it was the way Sherlock was acting, or maybe John's mind was over tired with the nightmares of his past getting worse. Sleep deprivation does allow some emotions to come off strongly, or caused John to over think things. He wasn't entirely sure he was over thinking Sherlock, he was almost sure he wasn't. Sherlock wasn't much for physical contact unless it was necessary, like to solve a case. Last John checked he had nothing to do with the Drugged Asphyxiation except solve it. Yet throughout the whole case John received brushes, and close proximity in the most casual moments.
John's throat went dry, causing his tongue to feel glued to the roof of his mouth. He averted his gaze to his laptop before fully looking at his lap, "What exactly did you read?"
"Timing." Sherlock replied simply. "The amount of time from surveillances to eyewitnesses, and the amount of time to her death. If it is the drug that prevented her to struggle for her life, which I am now practically certain of, then there must be a length of time at which the drug was consumed or injected. The killers were careful, but not quiet enough. They were in such a rush to get her home, do what they needed to do and after they killed her they showed every sign of a thoughtless clean up. Everything in the house was absolutely out of pace, and you could tell it was recently too. The way certain furniture had lighter and dark tones do to the sun beams in the room, or how there was only certain things cleaned from dust. There were objects that didn't fit in the places at which they were left at after her murder, meaning that something happened in the house. I imagine it has something to do with this paralysitic drug. They were looking for something, and their clean up sold them away."
John felt his face heat up as embarrassment settled into his stomach. Why he hadn't noticed Sherlocks presence earlier is beyond him, and he regrets not being more cautious. Sherlock was going to pin him with this and hold him down until he was satisfied. "What?" John crooked.
Sherlock huffed, "Exactly. But what evidence would be left behind if there was a struggle?" The taller gentle man didn't wait for the answer, instead pointing at the plastic he looked at earlier. John remained silent and patient as Sherlock answered, "Blood. There is no trace of blood. Absolutely nothing. Her fingers look so raw that there is no way the plastic would have remained completely transparent in a real struggle."
"You didn't answer mine, either."
John couldn't answer. Wouldn't. There was no way that he was having this conversation with Sherlock. How did Sherlock even expect him to answer? Yes, Sherlock pissed him off. Yes, Sherlock made him feel happy and lost in the moment when on a case. Sherlock could just as easily make him feel like an idiot. But was there more? Was there more to consider?
"We'll we are so sure that her death was caused by asphyxiation, and I almost don't doubt that. Perhaps she was drugged. Only precise answers will be given to this after the lab. Tea?" Sherlock was walking away from the scene, rubbing his hands together on his way out before wrapping his scarf securely around his neck.
"So the killers worked together to clean up the house in the fifteen minutes after the murder before her body was found. And because of how many objects we're just out of commonplace you know for certain there was an accomplice to the murder."
He felt anger fuel him to the brim, like a kettle on the stove he was going to blow. Like the woman? Is that what this is? A game, a way to play with a foolish man's heart? Confuse him? It was cruel, and John felt the urge to slap his friend. Poor Molly Hooper is undeniably in love with him and he has made her upset so many times, granted unintentionally and unbeknownst to him, it doesn't dismiss the fact that he's cruel. What of now? He's so aware of what he is doing.
John clenched his jaw, eyes narrowed in on the wall next to Sherlock's head. He didn't not quite enjoy the fact that Ms. Adler had been brought even slightly to the equation. "Yeah, well, why do this? What does this grant you Sherlock?"
John gave a small smirk in admiration that was intensely mixed with confusion. John shifted to his other foot and gave a nod in comprehension, "Right. So she didn't struggle. What does that mean?"
"Sorry, what?" John scrunched into confusion, "I intrigue you!? How?"
"No." Sherlock said quickly, then he paused letting his eyes rest on John's. "Actually, " he reconsidered out loud, "could you possibly explain to me why your blog of our cases are titled outrageously?"
"What?" John asked, unsure he had heard his companion correctly he looked up at Sherlock who was now leaning away from his microscope.
He looked over Sherlock who was looking back with equal intensity. His heart wouldn't stop and he really wish it would. Now John can imagine how feelings truly get in the way of things, and he never had that problem before; he could always function with a woman in mind, but he was afraid Sherlock would steal his breath away.
"Look at her nails, John. Uneven and full of layers, a telltale sign of a habit nail biter. So what does that say?"
The way Sherlock let the word 'doctor' role off his tongue in a purr should have been illegal. His baritone voice left goosebumps on John's skin, his heart irrationally picking up speed. The reaction was so sudden and strong, almost like a reflex it left John feeling rigid and detached from his normally neutral state. John cleared his throat, letting his tongue skate over his lips he shifted his position and nodded. "Uh, it's a parasitic. We use it when doing surgeries, actually quite nearly impossible to find traces of-"
John only shrugs, giving Sherlock a rested expression of 'I have no idea, but I know you do, so explain'. If he had the mind that Sherlock did, John could imagine their adventures going on for days without rest. The both of them drowned with the adrenaline to do more, get another case, and solve it. Forbid that they'd ever be bored, or all hell would break loose and poor Ms. Hudson would lose her mind.
John lifted the tea cup to his mouth, his cobalt eyes scanning the objects in every photo. It was definitely hard to make it out, but Sherlock was right, of course. There was on odd stirring looks in the settings of the home. For instance, Drew had two dressers full of pictures and both look like they had been rearranged. One desk had them angled in odd ways, and the other hand them in rows organized by size. Looking at it now, it was strikingly obvious! One of the murderers had OCD, which would explain the pictures and the use of the plastic bag as well. This kind of pattern repeated all over the house, things out of place but organized differently. It all became obvious. Leave to Sherlock to get to the punch first.
"Makes you feel warm? Your heart pounds and you feel that you can hear it in your ears. I make you feel weak and unsure because of my proximity and bold and sudden affection. I read what you wrote John. Your posture changes and pupils dilate everytime you see me in the room. I wonder how your pulse would feel under my touch. Would it be much different from the Womans?"
"The facts are right under our noses." Sherlock sighs to John's lack of response. "Drew has bitten her nails off so far and close to the skin that the exposed skin bled and is soar. The wounds on her fingers from said biting have just started the healing process around her time of death. So, that means that the skin is still tender, and the wounds soft. John, what do you try to grab if you're being suffocated by a plastic bag, unable to reach your attacker?"
Sherlock sighed, pulling out the violin he sat there plucking the strings at random. "Do I, Sherlock Holmes, make you, John Watson, feel something?"
"Yes, Sherlock, yes. You piss me off at times,  actually more often than not." Sherlock snapped his head upwards to give John a look as he continued. "You make me feel alive, and I could bask in your brilliance. You've made me happy and I've laughed, and you've taken part in dangerous activities that make me nervous for your well being. Of course I feel things when it comes down to you. What I don't understand is the feelings you're mustering up in me now."
John gawked, his mouth clamped shut in fear of trying to speak and not making any sense. Sherlock Holmes feeling affection on it's own was a whole new surprise. Sherlock Holmes connecting that back to John Watson was one million problems wrapped in that one realization. One being that John was his admittedly weakness, a liability to his downfall. Not only that, but this out their relationship on some questionable lines. He had always dated lovely women, and Sherlock could not be the exception.
"Hey! I know what that is." John stated, not wanting to hear the useless definition.
"I'm trying to tell you that I have found myself in a peculiar position here, John. I don't contemplate the possibility of holding a relationship with anyone, yet you defy my trained mind and I..." Sherlock stopped plucking the strings on his Violin, he cleared his throat to give John a quick glance before looking away like how someone would flinch after being splashed with hot tea. "I'm weak to you, John. You're my weakness, and in fact, if anything ever happened to you I'm not sure what I would do. This new profound affection has been in me since the first day we met, and I'm afraid that it can't go on unsaid any longer."
Sherlock looks at the ground; there are footprints that seem to move to the direction of the cabin. He breaks out into a sprint towards the small, wooden building.
Sherlock stops, turns around, face completely blank, then his eyebrows slowly come together, "I didn't write it for her."
They sit on a bench. The breeze is warm, but comfortable.  "The problem, and brilliance, of my brother is that he thinks everyone else is an idiot. He will not consider that you and I will conspire to take down Mary and Magnussen. He assumes I am far too stupid to stay one step ahead of him. And with him distracted," Mycroft raises an eyebrow at John, John coughs, "with what he's wished for all these years, I believe we can move our plan forward with an execution date of Christmas."
Sherlock is ill at John being hit.
Sherlock had his violin to his chin, and was playing as he followed Hamish into the bedroom. Hamish grinned as he placed the breakfast tray over John's lap. As Sherlock played the melody, John felt his eyes misting. John noticed Sherlock holding his violin bow at an awkward, upturned angle as he played, and he realized why.
The company waited for direction from Harry. Everything was unsure at this time. Reports and rumors floated. A coma, wakefulness with muddled speeches, parents waiting at Anderson's bedside for a word on his condition. The theatre company waited, together, at the theatre.
I do not know when you'll find these letters. You're clever, so hopefully sooner rather than later.
Laughing at Hamish, kissing him goodbye again, they were out the door. Sherlock grabbed John's hand as they climbed into the back of the cab, not letting go until they had to climb under the police tape to get into the crime scene.
Sherlock allowed William and Tavis to help him dress. His large plaid was wound around him, tightened by clasp loops and his belt. William assisted Sherlock with his high socks and woven garters. He had never seen fabric so finely created just to cover his feet. He was accustomed to running around the farmstead in worn leather slippers. Today, William dressed him in a pair of Mycroft's decorated
Hamish spoke so quietly Sherlock had to listen closely, "Sometimes when Uncle Lestrade is on TV daddy watches it, and sometimes he turns it off. He was upset about him last night, but I didn't try to deduce it."
John sucked in a breath. Sherlock bought him a gift. He bought him a gift, of clothing, and he was inviting John into Sherlock's
John burst threw the door, snapping it open. He honestly didn't mean to thump it against the other side (more drywall and plaster he'd cracked) but he was terrified when his son had been missing for nearly an hour. He was sure he'd been with Sherlock, but that wasn't the point. While John was working, the two of them had just vanished from the flat without a word. The young woman in the white lab coat jumped, pulling her clipboard to her chest, "I'm sorry sir, this area is restricted, and I don't show you're escorted or with a visitor's badge-"
Sherlock waited. Looking into John's eyes, his parents standing next to him holding the handfasting cloth, he was unsure what to say. He held John's hands, squeezing them. He took a deep breath.
"An East Wind is coming," John zips his coat. (It's coming to get you), "Let's head home. This is something that Mycroft and Sherlock need to deal with."
Completely naked.
He swears he can hear Sherlock's violin, but that makes no sense. The only sounds are a bit of wind rustling the trees. He listens more closely, everyone else is asleep. He must not have been screaming. John remembers the jeep ride and yesterday's hospitality. It was a fun evening; he felt like a little boy, it had been fun to be the center of attention for once.
The crisis in North America averted, Mycroft reviews his text messages that feed him information in The Mary Problem. Moriarty is still desperately eager to please, doing everything to stay in Mycroft's favor. Extra stakeouts. Photos and videos. Anything to prove loyalty.
"You sent everyone away?" Sherlock asks in wonder. He pulls on John's shirt as he moves onto the bed, falling backwards with a huff.
grian = sun
It was a photo, another wall of the
John tried to talk, to say something to Sherlock, but his throat was sore, and his tongue was heavy. It must still be the same day, or the day after, that they had removed the breathing tube. He put his right fingers under Sherlock's chin, lifting his head to look at him. He then gestured to his throat. Sherlock's eyes were read, and his face was covered in tears.
John tapped his shoulder,  and Sherlock responded by rolling his shoulder away.
"But you said dangerous, Sherlock, and here I am."
"Sherlock, my dear Sherlock" John moves up from the floor, straddling Sherlock's lap. His knees are on either side of Sherlock's thighs. John wraps his arms around him, pressing his chest, his groin, against every bit of him against him.
"Right." John half muttered as if just remembering that fact and allowing this to change what was washed over him only moments before.
John hesitated before looking over the scene and crossing his arms, giving Sherlock one last look he answered gazing at the crime scene. Drew Jaklings body was sprawled halfway off the bed, a plastic bag still by her face, and her arms twisted in weird ways at her sides. The answer was now obvious, but the point Sherlock was trying to make was still in the dark to John. "The plastic bag." He said. "But there wouldn't be any sign of struggles on the bag because of the type of plastic. There was no stretching or holes."
"Mm. The drug is fairly quick to get to the point." Sherlock thought aloud.
"Metabolites." Sherlock stated simply.
John looked through some photos taken of the crime scene that where handed to him by a rookie investigator, who was overly enthusiastic to help out. Though they normally never took photos, John accepted it with a small 'Thanks'. He couldn't really find a reason to need them, other than to browse through them in Sherlock's long silence. Molly would join them in moments like this, but she appeared to be busy with a body of her own tonight.
The closest John had ever seen someone get to Sherlock even slightly intimately was Irene Adler. Irene Adler, who in the end turned out to be a lesbian only captivated by Sherlock's cunning ability to be observant and intelligent. Sherlock seemed to be the only exception to her sexuality, and had led to many intimate moments between the two. John wanted to support Sherlock in any act with another companion, but seeing Sherlock with someone else made him unwittingly concerned and unsure. Especially someone as erratic in her workings as Irene Adler.
"So they suffocated her with plastic, either to deter us from thinking of ever finding the drug or to speed up the process, also for the fact that I think one of our killers with OCD isn't a fan of germs. Say, how did Drew's body become found?" Sherlock considered, lifting his tea to his lips, he watched John from under his lashes with his head tilted down a bit because of the full cup.
John often found himself looking over his shoulder to see Sherlock watching him doing his business. Sherlock would rest his hand on John's shoulder, and if John allowed Sherlock to linger long enough Sherlock would rest his chin on John's shoulder. It was never quiet in moments like those, where Sherlock wasn't running around and was actually glued in spot.  While John felt himself blushing and trying his hardest to stay focused on whatever it was he was doing, Sherlock commented on this and that or grumbled about how bored he was. As if that could excuse his behavior. He was never one to lean in and on so close, and now each touch felt like fire, feeding Johns soul.
Sherlock smirked, "Of course you do, doctor. So then I guess this is starting to make sense to you as well."
He wasn't just searching but observing and it frustrated John to no end. He didn't mind being observed per say, on normal day's Sherlock would make a quick remark on what he was observing. Like if he slept on the sofa last night, or noticed that John wasn't able to sleep, or which part of London he took a stroll down on a date. The way Sherlock was observing him after explaining Irene Adler was far more reserved and cautious. No pair of eyes could make John want to shift and squirm the way Sherlock's stormy blue ones did.
Sherlock's eyes were studying his violin as he pulled at the strings gently, emitting sharp sounds. John didn't think it was fair that he would have to answer this. Sherlock was the one who started it in the first place, making complicated situations pinned in the older males mind. John definitely wasn't over thinking the situation. Sherlock was absolutely intending this.
"Oh, something, something, Sherlock's intense observation makes me feel squirmish and lost, especially when it is fixed on me and left unspoken, something, something." Sherlock was heading back into the kitchen now, and then he continued. "Actually I was over your shoulder for quite some time and found another part of your blog intriguing."
That was not what John was expecting Sherlock to say. What was he expecting?
"Succinylcholine."
"You," Sherlock started before pausing, "intrigue me."
Sherlock hummed, "If I remember correctly, 'If I, John Watson, allow these odd feelings to overrule me, I fear my relationship with Sherlock will become far too complicated.'" The words were perfectly mesmerized, echoing in John's ear the more he let it sink in on how much he regretted writing any of it at all. Sherlock continued, now walking around Johns chair to take a seat in his own, "Do I make you feel things, John Watson?"
"A sister from out of town had prearranged a visit with Drew, said that she found it strange when the phone wasn't being answered by the second time. So she left a voicemail stating that she would be right over, and about fifteen minutes later she arrived finding Drew dead."
"I'm sorry." John interrupted, given a disdainful look from Sherlock he continued, "How do you know that there was more than one killer?"
John was writing every detail, not that he was going to upload it all, of course he would revise and take out what he didn't want the public to know. But John did want to write his thoughts out on the complications of his most recent adventure with Sherlock first, now invaded by Sherlock himself. John groaned, leaning slightly away from Sherlock to give him a look. "Something I could help you with?"
John followed out after him in careful long strides to meet up with Sherlock's pace out the house.
John gave him a hard stare, arms crossed over his chest as he waited with his piercing blue eyes never giving way. Sherlock hesitated, opening his mouth then closing it again, John could see a thin finger twitch in the silence on the arm rest. John could feel his heart flutter obnoxiously in his chest, he cleared his throat in an attempt to push it away. The longer he stared at Sherlock he realised his heart was pounding a beat that sung in his ears. Sherlock wasn't denying it. Leave it to this man to quickly object to something foolish, and this on a normal occasion wouldn't have been any different.
Sherlock pinches at John's arse, pulling him deep, surprising him. He plunges in response, pressing him down into a kiss of tongues and teeth. They rock, slowly, but sharply, Sherlock stroking himself in time to every thrust John gives.
The brunette moved close to John, putting his forehead against his, "I'm sorry for what happened to you, but I'm glad you understand."
"I'm not sulking."
John is breathless when he enters his flat. It's so empty.
John thought he was losing his mind. His very reason for being here, his motivation for this entire trip, was to keep Sherlock safe. Was to keep him out of harm's way. How could Sherlock have beat them there? Why were they so afraid of John?
, was a popular haunt of both the working class and the artist scene in downtown Kansas City. The bar also had a commercial grill and a fully stocked kitchen. John led Sherlock to a heavy wooden table, indicating for his parents to sit by him. As stepped behind the bar to the kitchen, he called over to his folks, "Please be nice to him!"
“It’s a lie.  Has to be.” The detective sneered, his hands finally releasing her.
John shot the elderly land lady a compunctious smile and followed after the other man, as Mrs. Hudson returned to the doorway and called after them.  “You'll be having a new flat mate, by-the-by! Do say hello sometimes.”
“Damn him!” the doctor cursed, feeling his cheeks grow hot with rage.  This was not over.  Sherlock could run from this no longer!  He marched around into the detective’s room, as he heard the man countering in his smug—I’ve won this round—tone of voice, “That is an opinion based purely one conjecture and perspective, of which I care little.”
Using his vampirical gifts he moved from the room and returned in but a flash to the detective’s eyes.  Upon his return there was a satisfying click of closure, as John secured the newly deposited handcuff around the man’s wrist to the conveniently placed radiator nearest.  The vampire stood back and admired the shock and anger registering on the detective’s features, as he stepped back to admire his handy work.  He wasn’t exactly sure why there was a pair of handcuff’s in the safe room, but they sure as hell were damn convenient now.
Lestrade gave him that—
Sherlock’s brain was working, calculating, speculating, as the auburn head of curls was concealed by the closure of the black plastic body bag.  It had been long enough for the detective to also note that the man was an assassin, a well healed scar on his back the brand of his Russian owners, which also clearly identified who his target had been.  Sherlock supposed he should feel grateful.  Whoever had murdered the young death dealer had kept him safe.  Yet he only felt disappointed that he had not been granted the opportunity to deal with the assassin on his own.
“Perhaps you should see the post then.” Lestrade finally managed to say.  It was no longer strained, no longer angry.  Just sad and full of regret.  If anyone was going to figure out what in the bloody hell happened at that flat when Mary Morstan was killed and John went missing, it was this damn mess of a genius consulting detective now pacing the parlor.
All of these thoughts had flashed through Sherlock's mind, taking only seconds to pass, as his pale gaze roamed the stall ward and set features of John's face above him.  John's satisfaction with Mary seemed to be in question now and although it made the blooming warmth within the detective's gut burn, it seemed misplaced.  The fingers under his chin moved, slipping along the length of his jaw to trail down over his jugular, past the bump of his collar bone and along the side of his chest, eventually dipping down in to the hot water.  There the tips of the doctor's fingers found the numerous scars from several beatings he had endured over the past two years, some merely lingering and others more permanent, tracing over each line and imperfection in the skin, a gentle inquisition.  It was a very methodical yet deeply arousing touch, made even more sensual by the way his hands knew where to find their targets without visibly searching for them.  Indeed, John's eyes did not seem to stray from his own face.
Sherlock groaned in protest.  How very dull he felt the woman was being!  Days of blessed silence only to have it broken for such mediocrity.  "He is not dead, Marisa, stop beating yourself with your own imaginary guilt, it’s so pedestrian." he snapped.
The demon’s gloating knew no bounds. He simply stood there, either awaiting his opponent’s admittance of defeat, so he could revel in the verbalization of his victory, or else he wanted to be lavished with praise for his workings. He would receive none of these from the detective.
Normally a vampire showed a remarkable ability to regenerate with haste after an injury. John’s wound, however, lacked any similar characteristic. The wound was raw and open, showing no signs of doing anything but remaining that way. Sherlock did not know what would happen if John did bleed out.
"I hate apologizing just about as much you do," she started, talking to him as she washed dishes in a large steel basin near the side board, as he sat at the table enjoying a late nightcap, "but I shouldn't have asked."
“And then if he was sent here to kill you, who do you figure got him then?  The one in the same, yeah?”  John was piecing things together with an aptitude that Sherlock hadn’t expected—the doctor had spent an awful long time thinking about the previous murders.  Perhaps his own interest in the cases had hastened the man’s speed to his aid.  Then John confirmed what his astute observational skills had already noticed.  “The fall was what killed him, but he still exhibited the same blood loss as the other two.”
He rocked harder against the genius and deepened the kiss, marvelling in how compliant the detective had become in the span of a few minutes. Slowly he trailed his hands down the captured wrist and forearms, sliding his fingers over well-defined biceps and finally to the man’s ribs. He traced lines across and down the genius’s sides before he began to pull at the tucked in material of his shirt, wanting to feel more of the man’s skin under his wandering touch.
His contemplation's had been all over the board. How exactly did vampirism work? What the hell had Moriarty become and how? Where did he take Lestat? Why? Did he really walk in on his brother having gay vampire sex?! Could he and John have...?
The screen lit in his hand with the reply.
"Leave a beautiful corpse, Louis. Once in a while death should be beautiful."
“Mary?” Sherlock questioned, his nose crinkling and his eyebrows knitting, as he cocked his head just slightly back towards John.
“’It?’” John asked curiously, his lips quirking as he moved to clarify, “Not sure if it’s a man or a woman?”
Lestrade’s dark eyes were on him, watching, in a small way trying to assess, to read him—failing miserably but attempting nonetheless.  His silvered crop was short and took on the warmer coloring of the street lamps that illuminated the street around them.  Even though his face was cast with shadow, those eyes were still alert and the muscles around his mouth seemed tensed, even as he pulled on the cigarette.  It wasn’t hard to assess the inspector—he was a simple man, a good man.
"Well you should get them down and enjoy the sight of them if you're in for the night." There was a mournful undercurrent to her tone that she worked well to hide.
Sherlock had showered, changed, and had packed a small travel back which was now resting next to the door.  He had been sawing away aggressively at double notes until Mrs. Hudson had squashed that by threatening to break the instrument and toss both he and it out the window. Impatient, he had sunk into his plush chair, the instrument propped on his lap like a miniature cello as he plucked at strings randomly, annoyance crinkling his brow as he stared blankly at the floor and tried to ponder exactly what was supposed to happen now. Waiting for John, the Vampire, to return so that they could go to some Vampire safe house where hopefully the recently revived and unfathomably powerful 'Demon Moriarty' or psychotic vampire Lestat would not be able to find them, sounded too much like some deranged fiction school girls or bored housewives would invent. Yet the illumination of all other variables left only the truth of his situation, regardless of how unbelievable it was.
It hit him then.  This was his fault.  This was all because of him.  “John…” he heard his own voice rasp.
With a sudden jerk of movement, the detective’s body moved forward. It was a slow progress, as he resisted the control. It made his feet move sluggishly, as though he were physically weak. Resisting was difficult and painful. It made every muscle in his body burn with the deep aching of tension. It solved little. Two steps forward and the detective was so close to John that he could reach out and stroke his pale cheeks.
He sighed, a long whoosh of air forced from his lungs, as he tapped the spoon and dropped in noisily into the sink.  It clattered and bounced, the noise loud in the immense empty space of the open flat.  It was all very tedious.  The doctor wasn't sure why he was there or how he had gotten there.  He did not even have the slightest inclination as to who had put him there.  So, as he tried to wrap his mind around this strange predicament he found himself in, he made himself a coffee.  Lord only knew, the caffeine might help him think.
do what you
Despite his long stride the girl was already at the door and halfway down the front steps when he stood in the threshold. “Does it really matter? Just get it away from him.” She concluded.
“Oh, shut up, John!” the man demanded after a minute too long, “I am not Houdini.”
“How would you suggest one prepares themselves for such a thing? Is there a counter to the effects of this ‘artifact’ that you spoke of?” Sherlock enquired, genuinely curious what the girl would provide for an answer.
John had gone about the next day half himself, puttering about the medical office in a slight daze, mechanically moving through his tasks, his patients, and his thoughts.  Mary was kind enough to stop him around three o’clock and point this out.  Her concern was quickly brushed off with an impatient, “Fine.  I’m really just fine.”
The room was not so hidden.  The house was a typical layout for the era and area.  He had known where the secure room was the moment they had entered the home.  He knew enough about Lestat and his kind to figure out that sunlight would need to be avoided.  Yet John had exhibited some peculiar symptoms as dawn had approached that matched his warning for the detective about interfering with his immortal slumber.  He presumed then that by now John was incapacitated, which meant he would be unaware if Sherlock heeded his caution or not.
Almost as if on cue, the water pipes began to groan as taps were turned on.  The sound was familiar enough yet Lestrade questioned the land lady, “Hasn’t your other tenant left for America?”
The other vampire’s dark head of thick round black waves dipped, tussling the loose curls ever so slightly. John could see every damn hair on the head before him, and he chastised his own inability to keep these damn new heightened senses in check.  The voice from the other was low and gentle, diplomatic, as he answered in return, “So, the truth is, that you know very little.”  The head came back up and the man pulled at the sleeves of his jumper, pushing them up his arms, before he crossed them over his chest, adding frankly, “Keep that in mind…because what I am about to tell you might be almost as hard to swallow as your current predicament.”
“Real estate mostly, with a portfolio that webs the stock market.  It is not as lavish a career as one might think.” He answered her, careful to not say too much, as always.
To his relief and surprise, they parted, and the mouth opened.  Sherlock pressed the open wound closer and could feel the mouth latch on.  He grunted in pain, wincing, as the blood was pulled out.  Lestat opened his own wrist and twisted it to force his own blood out over the wound in John’s torso.  Slowly the raw edges of the hole began to shift and move, growing pink, as the muscle and skin rebuilt itself.
Lestrade had heard about them as well.  The media was hungry for a story and when Sherlock up and disappeared suddenly it was important that John and Mary were missing as well.  Some had been digging pretty deep to come up with anything to write about and unfortunately Sherlock’s name was still fresh on the minds of readers.  He had seen a paper just this morning that claimed to have seen the detective return last night to the Baker Street flat, displaying a grainy photo of a silhouette in the windows.  He had not stopped to read the story.  It was preposterous at best.
“Heh, how did it go now…? Ah, yes. That I was allowed to play with his ‘toy’ but not ‘break him’ though he seemed to have no problems with the rest of the fun I had with Sherlock. I’d venture to say I’m just not allowed to give him the dark gift.” Lestat seemed underwhelmed at the gravity of what he had just revealed. So David followed suit and gave it no special acknowledgement the confirmation of what he and Mycroft had speculated to in an earlier discussion.
The vampire petulantly kicked at the mess below him, sending shards flying out into the night before he turned and stomped back towards the mortal man. Standing over him, he sighed, as Sherlock struggled to raise his eyes to meet him. Then he leant down and snatched the man up like a rag doll, tossing him over his shoulder and stalking out of the demolished penthouse onto the balcony.  “Well, best get you patched up, hm? Turns out you are quite the prize and now I’m curious what I win by keeping you.”
“Our life.” He suddenly blurted.
Mycroft certainly did regret John Watson’s current predicament, a grievous result of Sherlock’s own inability to leave well enough alone.
“You were jealous.” She said, in a low tone, drawing out the last two syllables.  “You would rather he was snogging you.”
Sherlock’s hand slid away from his neck and down his back before he tightened his grip and shifted. In a sudden motion, the man had rolled them over, reversing their positions before John could even think to protest. He slid his arm's out and shifted to settle himself between John’s legs, sliding their erections against one another.
“Of sorts.”  The response was cool and again delivered with an inexplicable mettle.  “You know now what I am…”—John was not so sure anymore that he did—“…and I have the means.”  The creature tipped his head slightly to the side, that wall of black hair, so sleek and so shiny, slipping over his woolen jumper as though it were leather.  “But you would have to agree, John, to allowing me to proceed to do so.”
One could never be too thorough and so the man had decided to start with a run through of the home once more, taking special care to check every nook and cranny.  He found little that was vampirical in nature, just the odd individual preference that one could appreciate.  The building was very secure externally from intrusion but not beyond what could be expected of an individual who traveled extensively.  This was obviously a stop over home, not meant to be used as a permanent residence, so it seemed only equipped with the essentials.
Now that they were utterly alone, John wasn’t sure how to bring up the missing girls unobtrusively. At least, not in this garb. They ended up walking in silence for some time before the man, Francis, had them sit on a low stone bench.
At any rate what he gathered from what he could remember of the brief meeting was that this creature was powerful, more so than the vampire, and that meant that he would need to discover exactly what it was the thing wanted of him.  No fight was ever solely for the sake of the physical combat.  There was always an ulterior motive.  What would a supernaturally gifted being want with a mere mortal?  And why had Lestat left him behind?  Where was he and what was the errand that had drawn the vampire away?
They exchanged polite greetings, she apologized for bothering him, and he dismissed it, before she finally laid out the purpose of her call, the reason for the quaver in her tone.  “You had said that if I heard from either of the boys that I should get in contact with you.” She explained, her tone still apologetic and sounding confused.  “And, wouldn’t you know— I have a terrible memory—I can’t remember if I told you about the post card I received in the mail a couple of weeks ago—,”
The brunet stepped back from the clearance of the door as the doctor tightened his grip and slammed it shut, earning him a reproachful grimace from the driver of the cab. “Excellent then, best be off.” The words were muffed by the door but Sherlock didn't need to be a genius to note the peevish and agitated body language of the other man. The slam of the door was the hard period at the end of their evening.
John was genuinely interested now.  He knew that he was mostly incapacitated and therefore had not experienced Louis' slumber during their time together.
“Relax Jean, you look fine.”
‘Not sure that I care to. Thanks.’ Came the quip reply from the other vampire.
.  3:27 A.M. His home screen showed nothing.  Mary hadn't missed him yet.  Good.
Soon enough they crossed the threshold into his sparsely furnished bedroom. The younger man released his shoulders and stepped past, walking through the room like it was his own. “Remove your shirt and lay down.” The order was spoken as the genius circled around the perfectly made bed to the far side. Grasping the dark coverlet Sherlock folded it down to allow John to more easily climb in and collapse.
John just about snorted the laughter that bubbled out of him more as a not-so-stifled giggle.  "What now?" he questioned, as he eyed the nearly empty glass on the floor by the man's loosely draped hand, "How much of Mrs. Hudson's eggnog did you have?"
With that thought, John eased back as Sherlock’s legs released their tight grip around him. Pouring some of the liquid onto his hand, he noted it didn’t have any scent, so not the oil the genius had used earlier. Rubbing his hands together for a moment to warm them he then reached out and stroked down the length of his friend’s cock, leaving a slick trail. Sherlock cried out, the sound barely audible as he thrust.
"What I expected to have happen, based on your fear and caution regarding the matter." Sherlock stated, too dismissively to give John any real kind of satisfaction.
The sarcasm had not gone unnoticed and Sherlock's gaze raked over his face.  The smile faded to that particular purse of the lips which the doctor had been reminded of earlier—making the pit of his stomach pang with something else that both enticed and bothered John.  "They don't like how I examine the bodies." Sherlock stated the obvious fact and then moved on, as though there had not been a hitch in his monologue.  "The other was five days ago.  A woman found washed up on the shores of the Thames.  Suicide—her wrists were slashed and in the pocket of her jeans was her own note.  Open and shut as far as Lestrade's idiots are concerned."
, inspector—the suspense!  I’m old—
John went silent at this.  His eyes went to the floor, contemplating what had been said.  Sherlock could see that it was not easy to swallow and yet was relieved to note that John was trying.  He stepped closer, his hands coming up to take the other man's biceps.  John's eyes flashed up at him and Sherlock tried to give his lover a soothing reassurance, "We will find them, John, I promised you that.  But all of this fighting is getting us no where.  It is of more benefit to the both of us if we can fully understand one another, our limitations, and our potentials.  You have many gifts granted to you because of this change.  It is not all detrimental."
They took their usual seat in the corner by the window. John was saddened that he could no longer partake of the tea he had so enjoyed all his life, but still brought the cup to lips regardless, allowing the aroma of the fragrant leaves—so much more intense than ever before—to please him. Louis did the same, pretending to drink without ever partaking, enjoying the comfort of having the warm mug in his hand. They would sit there together, sometimes for hours, watching, waiting, practicing, planning.
The other man had slowly nodded his head yes, yet there had been something distant about his averted gaze that hallmarked his escape into deep thought, as though he were still considering.  What is it that had entwined the detective so?  Curiosity had definitely caught this cat and John wasn't sure he knew exactly why.  Sherlock wasn't one to traipse into an investigation without warrant—without the prospect of a puzzle and there did not seem to be something to puzzling about these two murders.  The deaths themselves were simple enough.  Although it all was fairly reminiscent of ‘The Lady in Pink’, as though this was a calling for attention.  Perhaps another so called bored genius was calling on Sherlock to notice.  Perhaps that was lure enough, even if John couldn't see it.
Adding insult to injury this creature had remained entirely on the defensive after his initial assault that had broken his hold on Sherlock. He had felt the presence in the room and had only just broken his grip before he was cast staggering away from his prize. A lightning bolt of pain had laced through the vampire as he had greedily swallowed one last mouthful of the hot blood he had drank from the consulting detective. Sherlock had been pulled dangerously near the edge of the death that must come before he could be reborn a vampire. This ‘other’ had since made a point of simply beating Lestat bloody each time the blond rallied to attempt to take out the intruder.
It was hard for the detective to not feel spurned by being left out of this little plan she was trying to hatch.  Marisa seen his indignation and swiftly cut him off.  "Head to Prague and I will help you get in.  Help you to meet with Ludvik as privately as I can arrange it.  He is aware that John is a vampire and he thinks it was all part of Mary's scheme to betray the group.  He wants John dead and if given the chance he will pounce on the opportunity to accomplish the deed himself.”  Marisa paused but a moment to moisten her lips, before continuing to explain, “You need to be the one to get the amulet away from him.  This will decrease his power enough that John will have a chance to kill him.  We all get what we want this way."
"John, I—" Sherlock looked offended and not quite as confused and caught as he felt.
The way Louis exhaled was enough to confirm that his suspicions were correct. The vampire could smell the other immortal all over his fledgling. Though there was no actual stench, aside from the faint hint of sandalwood that he knew the imp favored, there were too many other tells for it to be anything else. Louis’ demeanor had been different from the moment he had stepped into the small living room and spotted the blond absently flipping through channels on a wide screen TV that had not been there before he had left.
“Home,” he agreed.
John's brows knit in befuddlement and mild offence as he snatched up the stack of untouched napkins and contemplated walking over to swat the consulting detective with them. Deciding to forgo addressing why he was given the matronly role in this whole ludicrous fantasy he instead could not help getting a kick out of seeing the other man so unguarded and outright silly. "God, Sherlock,” he apprized the other, “you know there was a whole bottle of Rum in there, right?"
"Parlor tricks? You're wit is beginning to wan. It's much more complicated than that." It did not take the immortals superior senses to feel the pregnant tension in the room.
“He needs more.” Sherlock objected, trying to shake off his own weariness.
John stood still a moment, then sucked in a quick breath.  He waved the man off, his arms making an ‘x’ shaped motion, before he pointed a finger at the detective and warned, "Just never mind what it is, it doesn't matter, you won't be seeing it any how."
It was a good thing that it was dark in the taxi. That was the only reason John was able to pass as a woman. He had too many lines, too man wrinkles and too much stubble to resemble anything other than a poorly outfitted cross-dresser.
Bloody hell, John really didn’t want to be thinking right now. He just wanted the genius to continue what he had been doing. He wanted to feel the man’s mouth and hands on his skin, the slick glide of their bodies from sweat and oil as they moved together. If he closed his eyes and didn’t think he could imagine it was almost anyone causing unbelievable spikes of pleasure to rock through his body, not his best friend.
John on the other hand, was starting to rouse. Lestat feared retaliation—rightfully deserved given the autrocities he had committed against the two men he now whisked to safety. The maker was quick to pacify his fledgling as best he could with a brief recap of the last tumultuous events, as John became aware of their current situation. To his surprise, the young vampire cursed him and then thanked him, making Lestat grin with pride.
His name on the younger man’s lips wound John even tighter, pinpricks of pleasure dancing along his skin. He twisted on the bed, breaking the other man’s grip on him and continued to move until he was sitting, Sherlock straddling him. Only inches separated them as they stared at one another. Sherlock’s cheeks were flushed, heavy-lidded eyes blazing as their gazes locked. He was panting lightly, hips shifting slowly back and forth as he sat firmly on John, rocking their erections together.
Of course, he had told John that he did not. He wanted to. He wanted to believe that this could be an end to it all. Not for himself, but for John.
Watching the other man slowly make his way about the lavish penthouse, John began to follow him as the long strides carried the creature towards the glass wall that lead to the balcony.  He paused a moment to frown at the naked frame of the once plush armchair as he passed it.
A vampire sauntered at a slow pace over the roof tops of the old buildings scrunched into rows aside the length of the still blackness of Regent Park.  The soles of his leather shoes made no noise above the thrum of the ever active metropolis that London was and had been for centuries.  No one could see his immortal prowess here, so high and removed from the mortal world that was continuously moving blithely onward without any notion that a predator stalked within the shadows.  Lestat was hungry and bored, an irritable combination.
“So,” she said, drawing out the vowel sound as she mused.  Then she pointed a finger at him accusingly, “you did purposely aggravate those girls.”
“And mixed in with his own auburn curls there was a blond strand that didn’t fit.” The detective explained, delighted indeed to be showing off again for the man that seemed to enjoy it just about as much as he himself did.
“No, wait—?!”
may be developing a crush on you, Sherlock Holmes." Without hesitation he lent forward and kissed the pale lips of the man in the bed, chuckling when the other pulled away after a startled moment. The vampire licked his lips and let his eyes admire the sharp lines of the man’s face and bare torso before he rose from the bed and stopped in the doorway. "I know you're starting to think on how to be rid of me. Trust me when I say that it is impossible now, Sherlock. You gave yourself to me, remember?"
Her mouth slipped into a patronizing close-lipped smile. “There is no safer place, than some dark dusty file room, where it will be ignored and forgotten about.”
“I would never, Mary.” He implored, reaching out and taking her by the shoulders roughly. He had to make her understand at all costs. “I chose you. I gave myself to you! I would never take that back! Not for him! Not for anything!”
The silhouette of the blond came into focus for just moment before it disappeared in a unnatural flash of speed. There was a fierce growl followed by the sound of glass shattering, the pieces clinking all around him and an otherworldly demonic laughter seemed to fill the entire room. Whatever was happening around him was too fast and furious to be seen but it was obvious that Lestat had been interrupted and a fight had broken out. Most interestingly, the fight seemed to be over him.
Like a giant cat stalking a lithe gazelle the vampire took up a pace behind her.  He could smell the life of her, feel the constant thump of her beating heart within the confines of her petite chest, and could easily see the thoughts playing through her mind, as she hummed a gentle tune to herself.  The dark skinned man was close to capturing what he wanted from her, but the woman was not yet ready to give it up to him—perhaps when they next met—she was on her way home now to the plain accountant who had faithfully courted her thus far and whom she planned to wed in the summer.  These thoughts stolen from her mind made the vampire smile.  What lust could woo one to do, what power it could hold over an individual.
What the detective had thought to be ground breaking truth that would reel the monster’s pride in, like a worm on a hook, only earned him a mocking sarcastic expression of dramatized surprise. The theatrics were getting on the genius’ nerves. Moriarty’s hands raised to cover his gapping maw, as suddenly the demeanor shifted, becoming nonplussed, his shoulders shrugged.  "Oh, I have lots to keep me motivated.  Don't worry.” The demon winked at him, and added graciously, “You've been a fond toy, Sherlock, but I think I'm quite done.”
The vampire reached up and tapped the end of her turned up nose with his finger.  “He is yours no longer.” He said, “He seems well enough to travel again and we have business back in London.”
Louis was intrigued.  It was hard not to be when watching the two men interacting.  That, on its own was rather entertaining but Louis also felt an uncomfortable familiarity in the way the two bantered and reacted to one another. That undertone of a complicated hurt and uncertainty which was undermined by a deeply rooted in a strange need for one another.
Briefly he entertained the idea of making a meal out of the sweet and unsuspecting land lady whom foolishly believed she was safe and sound with in her little flat but the thought was quickly dismissed for the time being. Having just recently fed there was no real motivation behind it besides to purposely cause strife to both of the men who occupied the other suites. As amusing as that might be, it was more likely to foul up his game.
“We weren’t afforded that luxury, John.” Sherlock reminded him. “Marisa had said the call could come at any time and so it has.”
Hearing the question spoken aloud brought a satisfied crook to the corner of the thin lips, which wrinkled the corners of his eyes in return.  Mycroft had a terrible habit of looking down his nose at him, especially when it came to favors.  Sherlock did not see this as the same thing and the fact that his brother was treating it as such grated heavily on his already frayed nerves.
"Fine. I don't want to discuss it
"Do you honestly think she will return if she doesn't want to be found?" John countered, giving a skeptical lift of his brows.
“Well, you can tell she’s got a secret, that one. Secrets are no good in a relationship.” The last statement was filled with a reminiscent and sad air.
Sherlock stood perfectly still, posed at the window as though he were a statue. His shoes had been kicked off to the side and he stood in his black socks, coat still hanging open and his blue scarf dangling loosely from his fingertips as he stared down below. Once more John was struck by how utterly magnificent the younger man was. Beautiful and brilliant. “Sherlock.” Involuntarily the man’s name slipped past his lips.
“That is an understatement.” John shot back. It didn’t sting as much as it could have. “I almost strangled you that night. You and that damn mustache you penned on your upper lip. Mary thought you were darling. She giggled for a good week after that and it killed me to hear her think on your trick so fondly.”
"No, it’s not." he shot back.
"T-the morgue...? Right, of course, the morgue." John sounded sour, but the detective did not hesitate to believe that the doctor's interest was piqued. As the other man's footsteps followed behind him Sherlock could hear him question, "What is 'it'?"
“Oh, John, please!” Moriarty roared in disgust and mocking laughter, “It’s so damn sweet, I think I might have to possess a dentist after this to fix all the cavities!”
Sherlock curled up reflexively at the assault then sat up, peevishly, "Really, John! I don't understand why you’re so fowl. It's not your house."
There was a long lull of silence, punctuated only by the switching of bullets that did not even require a bob of his head away from the eyepiece, before Sherlock questioned, “What is your qualifying basis for ‘sleep’?”
This was it. This was both of them pouring out their souls, full of fears, guilt’s, and doubts. They both felt the gravity of this moment. The reality that they were soon going to be at the end of this insane quest to bring Mary’s killer to justice, and that at the end, they would each need to decide where to go from there. Sherlock had said what he wanted. He wanted to become a vampire so that he and John could remain together. He wanted John. He had wanted John after the first night they had adventured through London in the pursuit of solving a mystery. That want had never stopped.
Sherlock calculated what one would respond to that, given his history with the other man.  John had been many things to the detective.  A flatmate, a friend, and, yes, even a lover.  Riechenbach had changed all of that.  Moriarty’s fall had forced them apart and things had never been the same afterward.  John was to marry, a lovely woman who had fixed what their separation had undone, and even that had changed.  Mary was dead, John was a vampire, and Sherlock was stuck on an isle unable to do anything about it.
Sherlock wouldn't give up.  He followed John, trying to get a word in, trying to vindicate his position, and John blocked all of it out as he closed in on the entrance, meaning to escape.  It was then that the detective caught his attention, swiftly and succinctly.
The mapping traversed from one side to the other and when all the markings were found, there were more than he had even recalled, the hand came to his middle.  There it lingered, drifting ever so slightly, as though the man were confused whether to head north or south from that point.  This stall in the proceedings elicited Sherlock's body to respond in kind to the teasing gesture and as his blood was reallocated within him, his eyes searched John's almost absent dark sapphire gaze.
“Incapable of handling this, yes, I agree.” Sherlock finished, hoping the inspector would get the hint and drop it.  “My suggestion would be that you cooperate.  They do have their connections, don’t they?  Now if you are quite finished abusing my time I shall take my leave, Inspector.” Sherlock nodded his head at the other man and tipped his hand towards him, mimicking a sarcastic ‘tip of a hat’, before he spun on his heel and headed back into 221B, with a casual farewell.
“Sherlock.” He answered quickly.
There was the press of Armand’s lips again to emphasize the statement, this time there was not the soft hesitance of before. Instead it quickly escalated to the hot and fevered grappling of both men, as mouths and teeth clacked together, tongues warred against one another, and sleek-pale body’s tore, grinded, and undulated against each other. The cold of the night meant nothing to the two men who writhed beneath the great shadow of the parks massive and old trees.
The fridge was full of food and always had been, John just couldn’t recall how much he had eaten over the last couple of days.  Now, he was fairly ravenous.  He found the fixings for an omelette and got a little creative, seeing there was fresh spinach, tomatoes, peppers, and mushrooms in the crisper.  There was bacon too, but he had never been much of a cook and it turned out more like scrambled eggs in the end because he couldn’t flip the damn thing.  Mary had always cooked and she had been much better at it.  Sherlock had even made him eggs once—and they had been perfect—like damn near everything else the man did.
Louis sighed, long and grating, and then he offered the doctor something even more ridiculous than tales of Sherlock and vampires or Mary having a troubled past.  “What if I could show you what happened to your sweet Mary?” He said.  It made the man even more irate to hear the utter confidence in the reality of doing such an impossible feat—
“What do you notice here, John?” The concentration on Sherlock’s face was broken only when he glanced with an expectantly raised eyebrow, at the doctor.
John obeyed, as was his natural habit when dealing with the eccentric detective, and stalked over to the window.  Curiosity having got the better of him and it being his room, the soldier cleared the space between them in six easy strides to join his flatmate at the window.  His eyes darted from that intense gaze to the street below in an attempt to decipher what was so intriguing.  The streets below was a similar view from two windows in the living room, with a slight advantage in height.  The doctor was having a hard time seeing exactly what advantage that had at the moment, as he leaned his shoulder against the wooden jam of the long window and searched for something below that might have captivated the detective.  The street was dark and fairly active for a Friday night.  People milled back and forth below them on the sidewalk, couples arm in arm, professionals rushing, a mother and child catching a cab.  The streetlamps illuminated the busy people with their warm lit glow, offset by the few shops that were still open at this hour.  There seemed to be nothing out of the ordinary.
Having said his bit, he leaned down and captured those fantastic lips. Transferring both trapped wrists to his left hand John shifted and began a slow rocking movement. Not once breaking their duelling mouths, his right hand began to caress the skin he could touch. Running his fingers along the curves of muscles and ribs his hand continued down.
John mouthed, nipped and sucked at the smooth expanse of chest, finding a nipple and lapping at it. His fingers toyed with the other, lightly pinching and rolling it as his lips tormented the one before him. He wanted more than just blood. He wanted to be inside this man while he drank.
Sherlock wished to be so much closer, but that thought he had to clear entirely from his mind.  He set about locking it up in his mind palace in a place where he was fairly confident it would stay hidden from his connection with John.  “Once projectiles were deflected the next logical step was to see what the threat radius was.” Sherlock explained sounding bored, turning his back on John and spreading his hands on the kitchen table over his collection of papers.
He admonished himself as he worked his way through the streets to Bart’s Hospital.  It angered him that he could not explain John’s irrational behaviors and it aggravated him that he knew so little about relationships as deep and particular as that which he shared with John to aid in his understanding.  All he knew was that he wanted John back, regardless of Mary, despite the time lost and the circumstances that had forced his hand.  It was a basic and primal need that drove his senses and usurped control of his mind—and he was powerless to ignore it, no matter how that inability infuriated him.
“From the discoloration in the feet and sunken look to him, I'd say some psychopath drained his blood and ripped out his throat...” As Johns eyes narrowed on the gaping space of torn viscera and muscle, he added slowly, “In that order too, by the looks of it.”
"Dude, c'mon, we were literally just talking about this yesterday." There was playful exasperation in the tone.
With his head laid back on the pillow, his dark curls were mussed, framing the high chiseled cheek bones and the half-hooded varisctie orbs.  They were no longer violent but calm, every color of the ocean reflected in their depths.  The sudden shift in temperament made John pause.
Marisa had come in after him, locking the door behind her with the large key. She walked past the man and the vampire, the hem of her black skirt swishing softly about her thin legs. In her other hand the detective could see that she had the amulet from Ludvik. She passed through the golden gate of the enclosure, making her way to the small but grandly bejeweled alter. There was a single row of pews on either side of the burgundy rug, past the ornate gate. The ceiling above her was made of gold and glass, positioned purposely with the sun and moon on either side of the alter. It was here, at its center, that she knelt.  Bringing her hand to her forehead the woman performed the three-finger blessing, her words inaudible, if she had spoken any aloud.
It was easy for Lestat with his immortal powers to tap into the conversation.  The detective’s mind was locked against him once more but the girl was an open book, he simply spread the pages of her mind, and listened.  They were discussing in code, something about money for a cup of tea or a bite to eat.  It was obvious that this was not a random encounter, they had met before in passing, and she had obviously waited to bring him something.  The money was a part of this exchange, he gave her a bill, and then she in turn gave him a piece of toilet paper.
"So," hummed John's voice, breaking Sherlock's focus just as he had zeroed in on the more erotic end of the spectrum his mind had produced to explore, and the detective turned to see that the doctor was comfortably seated back in his chair, sipping from the china cup.  After a swallow of the tea, which the other man could tell by the twitch at the corner of John's mouth was steeped to his liking, the doctor added, "you don't really have a case, do you?"
The dark little wisps of curls hung over the lip of the chipped and peeling claw foot tub, that John knew was comfortably deep and curved so that it hugged one’s backside perfectly.  Sherlock’s length was more than that of the tub, however, and the man slid deeper into the rising pool of water as he extended both feet out over the opposite edge, ankles crossed beside the brass taps that gushed hot water.  Steam rose from the exposed pink digits that nearly reached the wall beside the tub and John’s eyes darted away from the pale sight of the man’s lean legs back to the dark head of curls that gazed absently, hands steepled before his face, thumbs pressed against his full lips, deep in thought.
The detective could hear his own heartbeat pounding in his ear drums, but also another beating out of sync, both were loud and resonate, drowning out all else.  His dark head lolled forward, as his struggling waned and he gave in to the gnawing mouth that pulled on his blood.  He could feel his fingers and toes growing cold, all of the heat seeming to collect about his chest, like it was gathering for one final stand off against the invading scourge.
His trousers were quick to follow and he peeled them away from his damp skin along with his pants and socks, letting them fall where he stood. John straightened, standing fully nude and erect before Sherlock’s bright, piercing gaze. He could feel the heat creeping up his neck and cheeks under the detective’s unwavering stare, a part of him wondering how the other man saw him. Did he see the old, worn out soldier who had been chewed up and spit out by war and violence? Or did he see John’s determination and iron-clad will?
“Are you…alright?” he could hear Sherlock ask from the driver’s seat, somewhere behind his hunched form.
John stopped then, chest heaving. His own injuries had already miraculously healed through the power of the blood that ran through his veins, but the wet blood remained on his lower face, a grizzly reminder of the destruction wrought there. His maker lay unmoving beneath him, his bruised face slowly washing back to the pale perfect white. John had effectively accomplished nothing, even though he had used all his effort to damage that super-model face. Lestat’s eyes were closed and there were streaks of blood running from the corners of his eyes and into the mussy golden curls.
He was getting no where fast and although he wished more than ever to throw on a few nicotine patches and run to his mind palace, the headache had worn away the last of his energy.  Like a marionette whose strings had been cut he had flopped into the rumpled blankets of his bed and allowed sleep to take him the instant he lay down.
The redhead was pretty, even more so now that she had applied a understated swath of cosmetics. Her soft milky skin was clean of the dirt and feathers of her research labors and her naturally pink lips were even more alluring and distracting, complimented by the darker streaks on roan in the strands of hair that framed her face, combed and arranged.
"Come, John." Sherlock said, as he whizzed past his comrade, snatching his coat up and slipping into it in one fluid motion. He pecked the screen of the phone and then deposited it unceremoniously into his coat pocket, as he wound the blue scarf about his neck and flipped up the collar his coat against the January chill in the air. He left through the open door and then stopped, returned to retrieve his still dumbfounded friend. Poking his head around the jam of the door at John, he added, "It awaits us at the morgue."
It would be interesting to see how the duo moved forward with their little mystery.  He glanced down the street from his perch high atop the adjacent corner complex. The smell of baked bread from the sandwich shop next to the apartment where both the consulting detective and his own wayward lover now rented space, was still discernible from the rest of the scents in the area. He had always had a fondness for the smell of baking bread, regardless of his lack of desire or need to consume it. Louis would enjoy that scent too, he smiled absently to himself.
“I don’t know really.” The vampire admitted, with a nonchalant shrug.
They stayed that way for a long while, Louis reading through book after book, never once saying a word, as Armand silently watched.
The detective felt rather like a child being given bedtime rules.  He shook of the swarming indignation by returning to his work.
Cash exchanged and first glass in hand, John downed it quickly. Wincing as the pleasantly bitter cocktail obliterated the last of the copper tang that had lingered on his palate. There was no burn of alcohol in a cut but that may have been because he had practically shot-gunned the drink. Leaving the other on the bar top he signaled with a nod to the barman that he would be right back, so he wouldn’t lose his drink, and then he quickly headed towards the washroom to conduct his examination. All the while he worked at keeping his mind focused only on the immediate tasks at hand.  Once the results were in, he would have to deal with them. No sense letting his imagination run away on him quite yet, after all, it had been a rather stressful couple of weeks and he hadn't been sleeping particularly well.
“In your bank account.”
At the cafe, her hair had been much darker, a deep shade of mahogany that damn near bordered on black, and still those soft pretty features had been just as complimentary.
“Told’cha you needed something.” Came the sweetly sassed remark from Mary.  His eyes darted to the smiling face of the woman, who came into the small office, discreetly turning to close the door behind her.
“That’s right.” She said with a sad smile.  She lifted a hand gesturing at the walls behind him where the sound of the water pipes was still running and she added, “I think I’ve been hearing things.  I knew my cataracts were getting bad but apparently my ears are going as well.  I’ve been hearing all kinds of things today.”
The blond hair was loose and no attempt to tame it had been given.  The gold-framed shades had been selected to try and reduce the almost frighteningly white shine of Lestat's eyes. It was his one attempt to blend in, easily causing hackles to rise on any who sensed that there was something off about their kind. It was usually easy enough to dismiss, a quick tinker in the poor little mortals mind and they would suddenly be thinking about how they should go to get a drink or go for a walk, but still it warranted an attempt to prevent.
Following the three images was another simple message. The address followed by,
“Sherlock?!” John’s tone was filled with offense as the brows knit in confusion and the blue-green eyes assessed his position on the floor.
Mycroft’s daring smirk returned, that awful curl to the corner of his mouth half hidden by knit fingers propped up by elbows braced on the arms of his leather chair.  His eyes watched Sherlock, looking at him down that length of straight nose.  Slowly he spoke.  “Besides…it’s not as though we had tea every other week.  I kept tabs on him and that is all that I was indebted to do for you.”  It all sounded rather callous to Sherlock’s ears.
The man relieved himself quickly and washed at the sink, taking the time to splash his face with cold water.  None of this seemed real.  Yet the water was real enough.  The cool splash sent goosebumps up and down his bare flesh.  He dried his face with a plush stark white towel, realizing as he did so that his face was clean shaven.  That thought sent a subtle chill through the doctor.
The young vampire was amazed that he had lasted this long, against one as powerful as he had been told his maker was.  John was never one to celebrate too early but the thought about why that may be did cross his mind. He threw another punch at the blond on the ground.  His maker rolled to the left and John felt the sharp crack of a poorly aimed kick catch his shoulder instead of his head.  Even though it was a missed hit, the blow still threw John forward with enough force to bury his face into the forest floor.  Although he had tried to right himself in time, Lestat was up and moving before he could even get a chance to ready himself.
“Yeah, I didn’t want her to worry.  You know how she is.  I left that when I got back to London.” He explained, giving a dismissive shrug of his shoulders.
It took Sherlock four hours and thirty-nine minutes to finally hear the satisfying hiss of hydraulics releasing on the door. With an eager hand the detective reached out, gripping the handle as a blinding scorch of pain and heat sent him smashing into the wall behind him and immediately knocked the man unconscious.
Even worse was his thirst.  It was terrifyingly urgent, blindingly needy. He was forced to make a stop to satiate it when he happened up a small croft.  The family was inside fast asleep, and it took everything John had left to bypass the threshold and head for the barn.
Lestrade’s teeth clenched, as he fought back the urge to swear at the ignorant man.  He had wanted to keep the damn card as evidence, in case they actually found who had done this to their friends.  Yelling would solve nothing now.  It was in two.  He bent forward and picked up the two pieces, as Sherlock cocked his head to the side and snidely quipped, “You didn’t honestly believe that blather, did you?  It’s completely preposterous.”
A female body moved in front of him like a protective shield.  Red hair fell from over her shoulders and fierce blue eyes narrowed at him, as she chided, “I swear, I can’t take you anywhere.”
Their moans mingled into one groaning sound that rumbled between their pressing bodies. Sherlock’s hands ran down the length of his chest before rising to his shoulders, nails biting into the marblesque skin. He rocked his hips against John, a shudder racing through his body as his own hardness encountered John’s full erectness.
"I will make you a deal and before you refuse me, listen." The movements were graceful as any dancer as the alabaster flesh rose from the suds and exposed even more ridged muscle and perfectly toned flesh. "You play my little game and I... I will help you find you're lost puppy—er—doctor."
“You taste…” the demon whispered against his face, pausing to take another luxurious sampling, “far better than expected.  No wonder John couldn’t help himself.”  The rough tongue lapped across Sherlock’s full lips, even as he pressed them tightly together, and then moved away across his high cheek bones to run the perimeter of his ear, those needle like teeth toying with the small lobe.  “I told you once, Sherlock, that I would burn the heart out of you.  Now…I’m going to make goooood on that promise.”
The conversation continued on casually with the sweet land lady recounting her youth and time spent in America, asking the odd question about how things may have changed and Louis answered where he could. Eventually her questions turned more towards Louis, himself and the immortal did his best to instead steer conversation towards questions about London, the Baker Street flat, and the crime solving detective who occupied one.
"Who killed Mary?"
John’s teeth gnashed together. His brain was beginning to hurt again, a pounding starting behind his eyes, as he tried to reason with himself. He could not tell what was happening anymore. He had not the slightest clue what was real and what was fiction. Was this really Moriarty? Or was this something else that Ludvik had conjured to jeer him with?
The man moved to the giant bed. It was, after all, a king-size. He carefully drew back one of the drapes, just enough to see the still figure of the vampire within. John was, and always would be, a military man. He slept on the far side, taking up as little room – used, Sherlock supposed, to sleeping with less. He had not moved since he had laid down, a tendency that had transcended with the man into his immortal lifetime.
The detective could feel his brow pinch painfully with his attempts to make sense of the last few moments, when the other smirked and turned his back on him, walking towards the bedroom. Sherlock’s brain was no longer feeling bombarded like before, there was a shift in his mental focuses as his mind transitioned from keeping a lock down on his mind palace to completely filtering and analyzing all of the strange and intriguing interactions currently taking place with his guest.  He followed through the ensuite door.  There was nothing in the bathroom that would provide anything that the man himself could not better.
Sherlock twisted under him, trying to drag his arms down as he groaned, but John tightened his grip, putting more pressure on the captured hands. Tilting his head, he began kissing at the long curve of genius’s neck, following the rhythm of their thrusts. He bit gently and soothed the lightly reddened skin with his tongue.
She did an about-face then, grabbing a towel and wiping the bubbles from her pink fingers.  “Screw this back and forth bullshit!” she quipped, practically snapping her teeth at him.  She threw the towel aside and folded her arms over her chest, the rough woolen jumper bunching against the heavy canvas bib of her overalls, as she pinned him with one of her most intense looks—this too had become a game, who could skewer the other with the most piercing glare.  He enjoyed it and he had to bite his inside of his cheeks to keep from smiling, even a little bit.
“Yes,” the detective scoffed, noisily, “It’s called opium.  No thank you, I am taking a break.”
During his little outing he had also returned to the scene and did another sweep in the unlikely event that he had missed something. He was unfortunately, not surprised to find nothing more of use than he had during his original search. The carpet that had been replaced registered no sales for months at any of the retailers whom supplied it, the old one hadn’t been haphazardly disposed of anywhere. The vase was too common and without a face, there was no point in searching sales transactions from that week.
David watched in curious observation as his maker drank from the mortal.  He could see the pleasure coursing through the other vampire, could smell the satisfaction of the blood on his maker’s palate.  It made his own mouth salivate with desire.
Marisa nodded.  "The Talmasca only watch.  They refuse to interfere and Mary did not always think that was right.  Sometimes you see things you can't un-see.  Things that shouldn't happen in the blinded reality that everyone else lives.”
John was incapacitated by the pain that wracked his body. He tried to think, tried to understand what was happening to him, and all he could come up with was ‘not real’. This thought did little to help him or even to ease the pain. It was like being tortured. He wondered how long he could withstand it. A mortal body would have probably given out and lapsed into unconsciousness. John was not sure that an immortal could with stand anything more. He tried to guess how long he had and as he did, he thought about the detective.
Slender fingers grazed the sharp lines and taunt muscles beneath fine silk and linen. They pulled apart as the ride stopped and the boy operating the ride eyed them with a wide smirk and an appreciative eye.
“Answer the question!” came back the furious howl.
for gifting me the burden of
The detective’s brother opened the door and Sherlock resignedly stepped around it to climb inside the spacious interior of the back seat, only to find that they were not alone.  Mycroft shifted to the other side of the leather bench at the back of the vehicle, as Sherlock seated himself and closed the door.  On the bench opposite them sat a young man, whose large dark eyes and skin glistened with an enviable golden sheen.  Sherlock glanced askance at his brother to his side and snapped, “Who’s your new friend?”
Sherlock’s crooked grin told him everything. “She’s out with the baker.” He stated, pleased to announce this anytime he could since having embarrassed her with the deduction weeks ago. He just couldn’t let the joke die.
All of this had been pulled together through hacked CCTV footage from near-by private and public cameras. None of which gave a clear enough shots to be of any help in identifying individuals, of which there had been three, likely two men and one woman based of the little Sherlock was able use. They had been little more than useless black blurbs in far away and grainy footage. Only one vehicle was identified to be involved and it was, as suspected, a black utility van entirely devoid of license or useful markings.
Having another man rip your clothes off in a darkened pool was one thing, John finally decided, but having Sherlock Holmes do it was another.
, came her rush of thoughts to Lestat's ears and he couldn't help but chuckle as he released the hand and smiled warmly at her.
“I think she is,” he said, and then quickly amended, “against her own will.”
“And John had come home in the middle of it.” Sherlock added, his lips pursing as he considered all the ramifications of this new enlightenment. Little time was spent dwelling on the repugnant swell of guilt that rose inside of him, as he realized that he may have played his own part in driving John off after the strange bite, and instead it was diverted to reimagining the scene he had combed hours earlier.
Bewilderingly she sat upright in her own chair and flashed him a marvellously comical grin that stretched to her ears and lit the sapphire color of her eyes, as she announced, “I won’t be home tonight.  Janine and I have decided that it’s high time we go out again.  Apparently, she has a new café she’s been dyeing to take me to that makes a damn good double chocolate cake.”
John was in a tizzy.  He moved from one corner of the kitchen, pushing containers and test tubes full of green and orange slimy experiments aside to slip toast down in the toaster, before crossing to the fridge to grab the small container of milk from beside the bag of thumbs in the door of the fridge.  He went to pour some of the milk into a cup and stopped, realizing the container was a beaker full of brown sludge.  “Oops, that wouldn’t have been good.” He mused, as he knocked the glass beaker back on the cluttered counter top and poured milk into the cup he had set out.  He downed the drink in a gulp and was summoned back to the other corner of the kitchen by the pop of his toast.  He set the container of milk down amongst the half-finished experiments to grab his breakfast when he realized that it was black and burned.
