Cas tried to ignore the heat in his cheeks as he asked, “And what brought you to our city?”
“I knew you’d come.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
Dean stared at him, brow furrowed and eyes stern.  “What’s with you?”
Sam touched his arm.  “You’re taking it the wrong way.  He wants it to be your choice, not an uncontrollable soulmate bond.  He knows how important free will is to you because it is equally important to him.”
“Others have walked in on worse. Poor Sam has been subjected to…well, a lot is all I’m going to say.” Dean shook his head at the memory of Sam stunned into silence. He grinned and then added, “I never thought you’d be the prudish one.”
“Victor,” Cas said sternly, even though he was smiling.
. He shut off his internal monologue and smiled mutedly at Sam.
“If you must know,” Dean said with an exasperated sigh, “we had a sort of friends with benefits arrangement for a while.”
When the applause died down, Sam took the microphone back to finish his toast. “That right there is why I will put up with the shenanigans. Cas has loved my brother from the day they met and told him so at sixteen. It took Dean longer to understand his feelings for Cas, but once he did, he was all in. From the first moment, he said
“Hang on. Let me get you a change of clothes.” Dean quickly crossed the room and grabbed the bag of clothes. As he handed the bag to Cas, he said, “Yell if you need anything.” Cas nodded and gently shut the door. Dean heard the shower turn on and he slid down to the floor. His eyes drifted over his own body, pausing on the blood stains on his clothes. Most he knew came from Cas. The thought made bile rise into his throat. He was filled with an overwhelming desire to scrub himself clean. Stifling the thought, he rested his head against the bathroom door and waited. He heard the sobs before he heard Cas cry out. “Cas?” When no answer came, Dean cracked the door. “Cas, can I come in?”
“Leave that to the angel and I.” Both were gone in a flash. Bobby took the opportunity to discuss the situation with Claire and Garth. They did not know much, but Garth was inclined to tell the others, if only to give them some hope. Bobby disagreed because false hope was a dangerous thing. It was Claire who ultimately made the decision. If she were in the other’s shoes, she would want to know, even if the chances were slim. “And this is anything but slim. We have angel warding in the middle of nowhere. They deserve to know.”
“Sam, we don’t have a lot of people on the ground in Yemen. And the government there is already overwhelmed by the humanitarian crisis, and now they have a hostage crisis.”
They saw Cas’s parent off after a fabulous breakfast and a plethora of hugs.  The extra-long one between David and Sandra prolonged the affair for several minutes, but with a quick honk of the horn, David finally separated himself.  They all watched as the car faded into the distance.  After it was out of sight, everyone split up and started their day.  One like any other at the Inn, but the normalcy did not last.  Over the next two days, Cas had the distinct impression he was being observed.  As if someone was waiting to strike.  Not an attack of a violent nature, but an attack of questions.  He often saw Lisa or Mara hovering in the shadows, eyeing him with a strange intensity.
“Yeah, not like I have much choice.”
“Will you be coming my way anytime soon?” asked Cas, although it came out more like a plea.
Dean looked back and forth between the two angels.  The entire conversation was perplexing, as was the suddenly gentle tone in Gabriel’s voice.  Unable to wait any longer, he blurted, “What home?”  At his words, Cas and Gabriel turned to face Dean.  They almost seemed surprised to see him.  “Didn’t mean to scare you.  I didn't realize you forgot I was here.  Although usually you sense my presence,” he said as he smiled at Cas.
“Yeah, yeah, okay.  Um…we should probably catch up to Sophie and Carlos.”
“Sophie -” Cas started, but Dean cut him off.
Not wanting to wait, Cas took out his phone. The call to Charlie only took a few minutes. She assured him she would relay his message to Hannah and let him know her response as soon as she got it. As he sat clutching his phone, Dean asked, “Why did you pick Larry’s Diner? It’s basically on the complete opposite side of town.”
His eyes drifted to the window above the sink.  Two feet of new snow covered the ground.  It was pristine and glistened in the sunlight.
“Mama, I hurt h-”
“Nope. That’s where you come in.”
“Look at you, talking in complete sentences again. And I have someone in mind, she is a fellow psychic with a degree in psychology which means you won't have to hide that you’re an angel. And I want you to know that I'm proud of you for agreeing to this.”
“Several people made it out unscathed. Others were injured, and as I told you earlier some people were killed. We still don’t have an accurate number for any of them.”
“Me neither,” said Victor.  “Without proof we’d just sound like a crazy people.”
Shaking his head, Dean stopped his ministrations and looked down at his lap.  “Putting me on some kind of pedestal.  I’m just a man, Cas.  And not a very good one.”
Sam nearly fell over as his head snapped around to look at Pamela.  “Not helping,” he whined.
Cas groaned.  “Don’t say it like that.  She is a capable agent, Sam likes working with her, and she does her job without complaint.”
“What happened?”
“Good night, Dean.” Cas heaved himself off the couch and walked to his bedroom, dropping onto his bed without bothering to brush his teeth, managing somehow to wriggle out of his clothes before falling asleep.
“Oh, yes, you do,” said Dean as he tipped his head back and rested it on Cas’s shoulder.  “You use that on me all the time.”
Cas barked a laugh.  “All right, what changed your mind?”
Without hesitation, Cas gave Dean exactly what he wanted and needed. By the end, Dean knew Cas had needed the same. The orgasm that ripped through the firefighter was long and intense. Dean held him through it, caressing and kissing any skin he could reach. Cas lay spent across Dean’s body whispering words of love. They were the only words spoken after Dean’s request, for the night had belonged to their sense of touch. They read each other’s bodies with the sweep of a hand, the kiss of lips, and the press of fingers.
The next days passed quickly, rushing from work to the hospital and back.  Late nights left little time for decompressing and falling into bed completely exhausted left even less time for any intimacy.  By the third day, they were both cranky and quick to snap at each other.
“When do you want to? Because from where I’m standing you refuse to talk about anything at any time. We all lost them. We are all grieving. You think I don’t have guilt. If I had insisted on her taking the raise and the bonus sooner, they wouldn’t have been living there. But you know what, swimming in that guilt doesn’t achieve a damn thing. They are still gone, and we are still here. And those kids need us. They need you. I need you.”
Victor turned and started walking again.  As they retraced their steps into the depths of the building, they searched the area.  Most of the building seemed untouched.  Dust still settled and undisturbed.  Only the ground showed evidence of their presence.  Either the women had not been there long or they isolated themselves to one section of the building.  As they walked, Victor said, “I don’t think Charlie ever believed Dean was the bad guy.”
A bitter laugh erupted from deep within Cas.  Years of pent-up frustration bubbling over uncontrollably.  “Are you serious?  When exactly was I supposed to tell you?  How about when I didn’t know you were bisexual or when you were dating a series of women.  Or maybe I should have told you on the numerous occasions you called me your brother.  Oh, and let’s not forget your long-term relationship with Carmen.”
“Sorry,” said Alex, not sounding sorry in the slightest.
Cas snapped his head around to look at Dean, shocked by his question.  “They’re not on my side, Dean.”
Everything felt cheerful as he settled into his new home, but then the night came and with it came the darkness. It was a fight to sleep, a fight that left him tangled in the sheets. Sleep finally came when his body was forced into stillness. The dreams invaded in a mass of shadow and heat. Undefined yet laced with fear and isolation. The fog slowly lifted only to reveal a hell-scape of blood, flames and shattered bodies. Dean’s soul laid bare and broken. His body licked by flame and soaked in blood. Castiel towering over him powerless. Forced to watch as Dean writhed and screamed for mercy. His sounds of agony interrupted by a ghastly voice. “Do you see the revolting creature? The result of your vile, unwanted love.” The angel tried to look away, but the voice returned. “No, Castiel. This is your penance. See, hear, feel.” Pain flared through his body and he saw himself laid beside Dean. The hunter’s every movement, every sound echoed by the angel. Tied down. Trapped. Cas woke on a silent yell. Unable to move his arms and legs, the angel began to scream and sob. Twisting and turning on the bed. His body arched and then he felt stabbing pain as he crashed to the floor.
Meg turned to Cas, her face a mask of irritation.  “I am multi-talented, Clarence.  I can do both.”  She pointed her finger at him aggressively.  “Don’t underestimate me.”  Whatever else she was going to say was interrupted by a voice over the radio.
.”  Sam’s other high school friends chimed in, along with Kevin’s mother.
“Dean, I have been trying to be understanding, but I’m done. If you can’t deign yourself to be respectful to my guests, I don’t think I want to live with you anymore.”
“Moving on,” said Charlie, “Cas, I’m assuming you are planning to stay with Dean until this is cleared up, but that doesn’t mean you can ghost us.  You haven’t taken a single call and your partner is cranky so answer your damn phone.”
Letting himself be pulled back down, Cas laid next to Dean.  “I can see that,” said Cas, placing his hand on Dean’s chest, covering the tattoo, feeling the beat of Dean’s heart.  “I worry.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas responded in a gritty, cracked voice.   “Where are we?”
Claire reached out and took his hand.  “You know where that comes from.  I'm guilty of the same thing.  So are Charlie, Pamela, and Sam.  Jody and Alex.  Even Garth.”
Dean gently nudged Cas, giving himself enough space to stand up.  “Looks like it’s time for bed,” he said as he reached for Lily.
He ignored Dean’s messages in favor of the others. The earliest messages were about taking care of himself, but the later ones expressed concern for him and eventually for Dean. Bobby’s messages were right to the point.
“I did and I meant it.  Would you like me to show you?”
“I’m not-” started Antonio.  Cas raised his eyebrow and frowned at his nurse as if to say, ‘try again’.  “Fine, but give me some credit, I was at least trying to contain it since you were in pain.”
Cas refrained from commenting, knowing it was unnecessary. There was little anyone could say when it came to war. The bustle of activity inside the home soon drew his attention anyway. To his surprise, the house was filled with children. “You didn’t,” said Cas as he looked at Mahdi with wide eyes.
“What other things?” asked Cas.  What could only be called panic filled Charlie’s eyes, and Cas sighed heavily, “Charlie, what is going on?”
Added to the ever-present touch on his arm, Cas began to accept his situation. He was clearly still alive and in the presence of others. One of whom seemed to stay at his side. None of these realizations helped him understand why he couldn’t move his limbs or feel most of his body. He wasn’t ready to face the possibilities tugging at his mind, so he swiped them away by trying to open his eyes and find answers for his other questions. Most notably,
Forcing Crowley’s hand was not as easy as it sounded.  After Charlie discovered a way to summon him, he figured out a way to stop it.  By the third summoning, he was a no-show.  They needed a different approach and fast.  Cas wracked his brain, trying to piece together every scrap of information they had on the demon.  It wasn’t much, but he kept coming back to what Meg said about Crowley trying to mine souls.  His entire racket was souls.  Demon deals resulting in fresh meat, souls taken for hell but conveniently, at least at first, under his control.  To have any power he needed souls.  The old guard had bred and trained their demonic army for eons.  They did not need a vast number.  To have any chance of competing Crowley needed hordes of new demons.  And even then, he must have thought it wouldn’t be enough which explained his attempts to mine for pure souls.  So, what was it that triggered this new fascination?  And it was new, Meg had explained.  Only for the last thirty years or so.  Around the same time as Mary Winchester’s demise.  Whatever Azazel and now Lilith were up to frightened Crowley.  Somehow, they needed to use that against him.
Dean fumbled over his denial. “No…um…I was not.”
“Dean, quit teaching them your snarky ways.”
Shaking his head, Cas sighed, “I see why you and Dean get along so well.”
“All right, it gives me something to go on.  I’ll start on this,” stated Charlie as she ducked her head behind her laptop.
“She was the one who came to the door and told us what happened,” added Dean.
“It’s okay Sammy.” Dean gave his brother a small smile as he took a seat on the couch. Cas sat down next to him, took his hand and leaned over to kiss his cheek. The coiled tension in the mechanic’s body fled at the tender touch. “I love you,” Cas whispered in his ear. Dean flushed, but despite his embarrassment he found himself returning the sentiment. He took Castiel’s cheek in his hand, kissed his lips and breathed, “I love you, too.”
Taking Dean’s hand, Cas stood.  He let Dean lead him up the stairs and into the bedroom at the end of the hall.  Voice deep and bordering on desperate, Dean said, “Tonight, I need to be in control.  That’s what that was downstairs, not whatever was running through that mind of yours.  I need to be inside you.”  Cas squeezed Dean’s hand and gave him a small smile.  In response, with the ease of someone who intimately knew Cas’s body, Dean laid him out on the bed and touched him until Cas was moaning and writhing.  Dean touching him the way he always did, with reverence and need, combined with the mixture of love and lust in his eyes, had Cas embarrassingly close to coming within minutes.
“Okay, Sammy.  Thanks.”
“Dammit Cas, I don’t want your pity.”
“And how do you fit into this?” asked Charlie as she looked at Pamela.
They stared at each other. Both unsure, but hopeful in a way they had never been before. Cas’ lips curved up in a slight smile. Dean nodded with a smile of his own.
“And you don’t?” snapped Dean.
Cas’s words helped bury any reservations Dean had, and he let his anger flow freely.  “And that’s the problem.  You don’t fucking think.  You just throw yourself into danger.  What the hell were you thinking, carving THAT sigil?  You could have died.”
Pamela stood up and carried her plate to the kitchen.  She leaned on the counter and stared at Dean.  “Why would you even think that?  Of course, you wouldn’t be in the way.  Sam doesn’t spend that much with them.  He is helping Marta update the library.”
Cas took a step closer to Dean and said, “I know Dean says there was another set of choices, but truthfully once Victor and I knew and once we informed Agent Sheppard the proverbial cat was out of the bag.”
“So, Cas has…I don’t know how to put it because it’s not anything overt, but something is changing.”
“Only to me.”
Victor scoffed.  “You were only gone fifteen minutes, so no.  After the call I barely had five minutes to look.  How did your call go?”
Cas ran his fingers through Dean’s hair and along his spine. “What are you thinking?”
Cas leaned back and stood up. He pulled Dean up with him. “Join me in the shower and I will tell you.” Dean was not going to argue with that so he followed his angel to the bathroom. Once they were safely ensconced in the steamy shower, Cas whispered, “You on your knees in front of me. Coming so hard I blacked out. Holding you in my hand as you ejaculated.  All of it.” He stopped as he ran his hands down Dean’s back. They halted at the swell of Dean’s ass.  Cas gave Dean a wry smile. “And I look forward to giving you just a blow job.”
With a tip of his head, Dean acknowledged Cas’s words and appeared to accept them.  “Okay, so does that mean you’ll reconsider the temporary guardianship?  Not that I understand why we are going through all this legal bullshit when we don’t make others do it.  Charlie can just-”
“Dammit, Rowena. We determined that was an extremely unlikely option.”
Cas wished he could, but Dean was out of contact for the next two days.  It was why he was spending so much time staring at his old messages and listening to old voicemails.  A practice, that with time, Cas had learned to accept about himself without the nagging voice telling him he was clingy and dependent.  As he scrolled through the texts, he remembered the day six months prior when he accepted their situation and his reaction to it.  It happened when he watched Dean come to terms with losing a brother and realizing he could not afford to lose the other.  The constant checks of his phone, the pacing, the anxiety, the grief, the guilt.  Dean exhibited so many of the traits Cas despised in himself, yet with Dean he understood, he empathized, he accepted them without question.  Their conversation before Dean left Cas’s apartment sprang to mind.
“And always ready.”
Hey All, this chapter is the longest one yet.  When I sketched out this chapter I never imagined it would be almost 7000 words, but here we are.  These boys just seem to want to talk a lot.  And the second part of this chapter brings us full-circle back to the summary and a word that was always planned to play a double roll in this story.
“I said there is no need to apologize. I’ll just go find Charlie and Claire.” Sam smiled one last time before tipping his head, exiting the room.
“Dean,” scolded Cas in his sternest voice.
Dean barked a laugh.  “Thanks for the permission, Jack.”
“Fine,” agreed Cas, standing up and stretching out his stiff back.  Victor stood up next to him and did much the same.  They made their goodbyes and left the station with heavy hearts.  Back at the hotel, they separated quickly, ducking into their own rooms.  Cas undressed and dropped onto the bed in his boxers.  After several minutes of laying on his stomach, he rolled over and sighed.  Sleep was going to be an issue until the case was finished, but Cas knew he needed to try.  He slowed his breathing and closed his eyes, putting himself back in a hotel room with Dean.  When he awoke a few hours later, he was pleased to find it had worked.  A quick look at his phone told him it was time to get back to work.  A knock at his door confirmed it.  Cas rolled out of bed, pulled on his pants, and walked over to open the door.
“That was not something I ever expected to see,” said Bobby.  “And that many purebred werewolves in one place is strange enough without adding in a shapeshifter and a siren.”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck nervously, but then burst out in laughter. “More like Sammy’s been busy.”
Gesturing to the chair next to him, Cas said, “Please come closer.”  Dean hesitated at first, but eventually he heaved himself out of the chair and over to Cas who immediately took his hand.  “A lot has changed since we had that discussion.  I am walking freely now, climbing stairs without difficulty.  I had my last surgery, and I feel good.  Plus, we are done with the majority of the lay-out for the book which means I have the time to focus on the documentary.”
Dean laughingly said, “Since your life is sooo hard, I suppose I can make them for you.”
Shifting his body, Dean slid away from Cas and sat against the headboard. “For me it was always just sex. We both got off and then it was over. But Cas for you…” Dean’s voice cracked. “You were looking for someone to share your life with Cas. I hated the idea that you would find someone.” Tears welled in the mechanic’s eyes. “God how selfish does that make me? I refused to admit how I felt about you but wanted to keep you for myself anyway.”
Dean seemed to have had enough.  He pulled Cas towards him and into his lap.  Cas couldn’t contain his laughter at the picture they must make.  Dean smiled up at him, grabbed his face, and kissed him fiercely.  “There is no happy for me without you, Cas.  You are my heart.  You are my joy.  You are my life.  I love you beyond anything I ever thought possible.  Even when you can barely get out of bed, I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.  I almost lost you and just knowing you’re there gives me the best feeling.  I hate that you’re hurting and that I can’t fix it for you, but I know you.  I know you can do it for yourself.  You are so strong, sweetheart.  You will find your way back.  You already are.  You're getting stronger.  Every day you smile more.  Laugh more.  Maybe you don’t see it, but I do.  And, yeah, some of it is forced but even the fact that you can do that is an improvement.  And more and more it comes naturally.  The way you laughed just now when I pulled you into my lap.  That was real.”
Pamela smile faded, replaced with concern. “Is there anything I can do to help?”
Charlie scoffed. “Sam, the longing gazes were always there, we all just pretended they didn’t happen.”
Dean’s hand splayed wide across Cas’s stomach before it slowly caressed his abs.  “I know the owner.  Did her a solid a few years ago?”
“That is the idea, my love.” Cas tipped his head up as he pulled Dean closer. He kept his mouth just out of reach. Anticipation swirled around them. It became unbearable when Dean licked his lips, his breath already erratic. When Dean went to lean in, Cas met him halfway. There was no preamble to this kiss. As soon as their mouths met, they opened for each other. Their tongues met in a battle for dominance. Cas reluctantly ended the fevered kiss. “Go to the bedroom. I’ll lock up.”
Cas slammed his hand down on the table. “You have no idea how hard this is for me.”
.  “Here’s the thing, Cas.  This is nothing new for the people working here, and maybe it’s surprising for those of us who know you, but it doesn’t change how we feel about you.  But it also doesn’t excuse your behavior nor does it give you the right to keep doing it without trying to find another method.”
“You could say that.  There’s basically no paper trail on them.”
“Nor I you,” said Cas with flushed cheeks and a heaving chest.  “Do you think it can be like this away from here?”
“Always,” said Cas.
They walked silently out of the house and down the back stairs. When they reached the edge of the garden, Cas began to speak. “This home is the only one I have ever had. When we arrived the first time, I was overwhelmed. No one ever cared for my needs the way those three over-protective people have. At times it still surprises me. I do not feel worthy of their support and love, but eventually I learned to accept it. Sam and Charlie are dedicated to my recovery, but they miss you every day. I think about leaving so they can return to the bunker.”
Pulling his hands from his face, he stated, “I do.  I can accept his touch to a degree, but at times I feel my skin crawl.  My first instinct is to shy away from his hands which hurts him.  Dean is a man who needs touch.  He would never admit it in those terms, but nonetheless it is true.  And as his track record shows, he also craves sex.  How will we ever be able to move beyond friendship if I can’t…?”  He stared at Darla with pleading eyes, begging for her to understand.
“No, it’s not that.  I just…don’t know how to talk to you about this shit.  I never imagined…well, I imagined, but I never thought it would…ya, know, happen.”  Dean finally uncovered his face and looked sheepishly at Cas.  His face burned with embarrassment.
Dean smiled at the utter exasperation in Aaron’s voice and the total disregard of Cas’s reasoning. That, added to the crushed look on Sam’s face, tipped Dean over the edge. “Ya know what, he doesn’t get to shut us out. No fucking way.” He patted Sam’s arm. “Don’t worry, Sammy, I got this.” He stormed past Aaron and marched right into Cas’s room, ignoring all the equipment and wires, the hospital smell, the bandages, the disgruntled expression on Cas’s face, and the sorrow in his eyes.
The blood drained from Dean’s face, and he stumbled back.  Cas grabbed him and slid his arm around his back.  Sam didn’t look much better, bracing himself against the wall.  Whatever was happening was distressing both brothers.  Cas was unsure how to assist, so he just kept a hold on Dean and waited.  It took several deep breaths for Dean to regain even a modicum of composure.  “You weren’t supposed to know about that.  You were never supposed to know about that.  How? How?” stuttered Dean.  “How does he know?” he asked, eyes imploring when they shifted to Bobby.
Soft lips pressed into the nape of Cas’s neck.  “Bluh,” Dean grumbled.
Here are the lists our hunters departed with. All remote locations in the Western US.
Standing over Cas, Dean draped a blanket over him. “Mm…hmm…You were unconscious for most of it.”
“Ready?” asked Cas.
Shoving back from his desk, Victor sighed.  “Not to put a damper on your plan, but we’ve done that.  Before we formed this task force, different units were working on this case, looking into the pranks and petty crimes.  No one had any luck finding the perpetrators.  Shep figured out they were all connected and formed this unit."
“Ah…teacher,” Dean said, lifting his head and eyeing Cas.  It wasn’t the first time Cas took notice of Dean’s perceptiveness.  It got him wondering about Dean’s job.  Before he could ask, Dean said, “And your dad?”
“Precisely what I thought,” said Talia.  “But they sounded so earnest and grateful, I wholeheartedly believed them.”
. That thought was immediately followed by the realization he hadn’t taken a breath since Cas stepped in the door. He took a ragged breath as more strange thoughts raced through his mind.
“It’s okay, Cas.  Just rest,” whispered Dean.
“Fine, I concede that you’re doing better, but you still have your bad days.  You looked like you were about to fall over or pass out just now.  Isn’t that enough of a reason not to go back there?”
“She came to visit last week.  It was good to see her even if she kept pointing out how tired I looked.  She kept recommending treatments for the bags under my eyes.”
“I haven’t really said anything to her.  And I know that’s not helpful, so you don’t have to comment.  I think the closest I’ve felt to this is in those weeks after I accused you of being a murderer.  I was lost in so many ways then and I feel a bit of that now.  But there’s also this exhaustion.  I don’t care what Gabriel says.  It isn’t normal, Dean.  Most days I don’t want to leave the bed.”
Having just shoved half a slice of pizza in his mouth, Dean mumbled, a barely discernible, “Did it work?”
“I just…there’s no pressure.””
“Massive.  What about your family?”
Stay safe and healthy.  Thanks for joining me on this journey and happy reading.
Cas leaned against Dean, letting his head fall on his shoulder.  “Maybe we can find a new way to interact.”
Dean shook his head. “Cas, I know you wouldn’t do that. You’re too kind and too forgiving for your own good.”
“No,” Dean quipped, “Well then what are you?”
A huff of laughter burst out of Dean.  “Well, then I have nothing to worry about on that subject.”  Sobering, he added, “But what about…he’s so…”  Dean’s gaze had drifted to Sam, confusion etched on his face.
“You were screaming and thrashing. I guess it’s a good thing they have you so trussed up,” stated Dean as he rubbed soothing circles on Cas’s shoulder.
“Thanks, Cas.” He pushed back from Sam. “Get off me. I have something to tell you.” With the distance between them, Dean got his first look at Sam’s face. His brother was crying. “Oh, Sammy.”
Victor eyed her with a pinched expression before turning to Shep.  “Where the hell did you find her?  She’s a teenager.”
“Not even a little,” smirked Cas, walking past Dean with his head held high.  “And I’m hungry and thirsty.  I’ll find a table.  You get the food.  And don’t spill on my prize.”
“Join the club.  This…”  Dean gestured between them.  “…is intense and scary, but I want it.”  The smile on Cas’s face was mesmerizing, and Dean drowned in it for several heartbeats before he leaned forward and kissed the angel.  There was no heat in the kiss.  It was tender and loving, and Dean sighed into it before slowly pulling away.  As he went to speak again, his stomach growled loudly.
“Fuck you know about that, too.” Cas leaned forward and kissed the pout off Dean’s face.
Before long, the first two pizzas were done, and they all sat down at the table.  Cas and Dean ate a few of the leftover toppings while they waited for their pizzas to be done, watching the kids devour their creations.  Lily seemed perfectly pleased with her pizza, even when her toppings kept sliding off.  Will hummed as he ate.  “This is so good,” he mumbled around a mouthful of food.
She placed her hand on Cas’ leg and gently squeezed. Her entire demeanor changed as she displayed a rare gravity. “Sam, Charlie. I need you to understand that the progress we are making is slow, but steady. When he gets all morose and shit, I brighten the room with a little levity that’s all. My eye is still always on the target. He needs out of this bed and out of this hospital. We are going to get him there.”
“No need to be all angry.  It was just a simple greeting between friends.”
The small, feisty woman snapped her head around and glared at the angel. “I have not earned the right to use that name. Rebbekah is a ghost. She fell out of existence thousands of years ago and she deserves better than what I have to offer.”
“I love him.  Since the moment I met him all I’ve ever wanted was to be with him.  To show him how amazing he is and the thought that I almost ruined that…”  Cas trailed off before shaking his head to ground himself.  “He doesn’t want my guilt.  Doesn’t want me wallowing in it.”
“Besides me.  Victor, Charlie, Shep, Talia, and Riley.”  Anger and disappointment flashed in Dean’s eyes, so Cas asked, “What would you have had me do?  You were gone.  Victor was injured.  We had bodies and a crime scene.”
“I don’t know what changed, but Mildred started talking about her husband. The pain of losing him and the loneliness which followed. She talked about him like the wound was fresh even though, according to Bobby, her husband died over twenty years ago.” Dean seemed stunned by her grief after so long, but Cas could see it clearly. For if he lost Dean, he knew it would be much the same, despite the fact they were friends and nothing more, as far as Dean was concerned and at least when Cas succeeded in lying to himself. He felt for this woman he never met and hoped Dean offered her comfort and companionship for it seemed it was what she needed. Dean broke off Cas’s musings when he asked, “Do you think you could ever love someone like that?”
Tossing his hands in the air, Cas said, “For one they smile and laugh.  My dad laughs with you.  My mom adores you.  I’ve never seen her blush until you.  I just…”  Cas took a deep breath, swallowing his jealousy.  “Never mind.”
Chuckling darkly, Dean said, “I can only imagine what I looked like.  That was fucking scary.”  They stared at each other sharing their mutual distress until Dean broke the silence.  “Cas, what happened in the hospital?”
“I’ll remember that,” scolded Cas.
“No. He was already angry with me, so I assumed it would not matter.” His expression closed off and his face was devoid of emotion.
, after which Dean stated, “Until you work out your shit, I am taking Madilyn to get some dessert.”  With that, he held out his hand for Cas’s mother.  She took it and they proceeded to walk away.  Dean looked back over his shoulder and addressed Cas.  “Spend some time with your dad and keep him away from those two.”
The room went silent except for the sound of Meg stomping her feet.  No one looked in her direction, not for a second.  Shock and grief waged war on the brothers’ faces as they gaped at Bobby.  Cas kept his eyes firmly on the old hunter.  What he saw there was a look of anguish coupled with shame.  When neither Sam nor Dean spoke, Cas said, “What does Mary have to do with this?”
Seeing the earnest expression in the hunter’s green eyes, Castiel finally acquiesced.  “Marta is an amazing woman and my friend.  She is the descendent of one of the women I rescued after the war.”  Shaking his head, Cas said, “No, that doesn’t do her justice.  Once Marta became an adult, she joined me in my efforts.  She left the safety of the island frequently in order to aid in my mission.”  The angel’s eyes closed and his head tipped back.  Memories flooded his mind.  Images of war-torn streets and broken bodies.  Images of brutality and abuse.  Images of reaching out and lifting up.  Images of women and children racing across the beach.  In the last set of images, he saw her.  Small and thin, running with her arms outstretched calling to him, “Papa, Papa.  You’re here.”  The thought of Marta as a young girl always brought joy to his heart.  Reconciling the tall statuesque woman with the eager little girl of the past caused his lips to quirk up.
thing was how he explained it to me.”
“Are we done?”
Dean took his eyes off the vest and made eye contact with Agent Spencer.  His tone was flat, emotions gone, as he said, “In a way I did.  I may not have been in the military, but I was raised as a soldier.  He put a gun in my hand when I was nine and trained me for combat.”  Cas took a deep breath, hating to see Dean bind and bury his feelings to shift into the hard soldier his father commanded him to be.
Dean griped, “What the hell, Bobby?”
As Cas launcned into his explanation Dean laid his head on Cas’ shoulder.  He loved the timber of Cas’ voice and feeling the vibrations.  The island and much of its infrastructure was created by angelic grace, and as of late archangel grace.  It remained in small amounts and had lingering effects.  It did not prevent disease, only direct healing from an angel would do that, but it did help in other ways.  It helped in food production so no pesticides or fertilizers were needed.  The water was purified by its presence.  All of which helped keep the people young.  Once Cas finished describing the role of grace, he reverted back to the importance of a healthy lifestyle.
“Living here doesn’t satisfy you.  You made that clear when you were yelling at Charlie.  You obviously want to fuck someone.  Although it appears that someone is not me since you hardly lay a hand on me.”
“Dean, this isn’t funny.  After all we’ve been through lately, I thought I earned the right to be treated as an adult.  What I do with my money is not up to you or Cas.”
“Shit, yeah, okay,” Dean said in a rush.  By the time he got Cas seated at the table, the mess was being cleaned up and a flood of new guests arrived.  Dean decided to let the incident go, but not until he leaned down and reminded Cas with a whisper, “I will yell at you later.”  He placed his hands on Cas’s markedly tight shoulders, rubbing soothing circles on the back of his neck.  “Getting a little crowded in here.  Do you want to go outside?”  Cas leaned back into Dean’s touch, nodding.  There was gratitude in the gesture and in the small smile Cas directed at him.  They could talk about that later as well, for now, it was enough that Dean knew the crowded space and noise were too much.  Others must have sensed a change in the atmosphere because a path seemed to open up, leading right to the back door held open by Sophie.  Dean caught Sam’s eye and saw the knowing look there.  “Thanks, Sammy,” he muttered as he passed his brother.  The grip on his elbow was the only response he got, but it was enough to know the message was delivered.  It hit Dean, again, that he was going to have to navigate all of this without Sam.  Without his insight and his empathy.  Without his shoulder to lean on.
“Um, Cas. You sliced yourself open and then reached into the wound. What exactly were you trying to do if you weren’t trying to commit suicide?” Sam asked in disbelief.
“Bobby’s on his own then.”
“Uh…um…” Swallowing harshly, Dean dropped his green eyes and stared at the floor.
Lately, his dreams had become overridden with terror, and it had started to fray his edges.  But for these hours, he was like the man of old.  The one who held Dean, comforted him, and raised him up.  It felt good in so many ways, and he hoped some of it would linger as they journeyed into the darkest days of Cas’s life.  The sad fact was he was not alone in that notion.  When they talked about the trip, Cas had come to realize those days were Dean’s darkest as well.  He did not know exactly how Dean had come to love him so deeply, but there was little doubt their lives were profoundly entwined.  Naomi had expressed concern at their growing codependency, and Cas understood wholeheartedly why she did.  Separation from Dean was unthinkable at this point.  It was why the man was seated at his side, heading into chaos and destruction.  Dean was right in his assertion that Cas needed him, that he could not have gone without him.  He only hoped they would come out of this trip stronger.  That he would come out stronger, and maybe some of that codependency would ease.
Before Cas could respond, Jody and Victor entered their field of vision chasing after a person that had rounded the west side of the house.  No matter how many bullets they fired the person would not go down.  “Silver isn’t working,” relayed Victor.  Dean and Cas took several steps back until they were under the shade of the trees.  Dean swung as soon as the person got in reach, knocking the man to the side.  Cas used that advantage to run the man’s head into a tree.  The body went down.  “Nothing worked,” said Jody when she reached them.  “And Garth said David was acting strangely when they encountered it.”
Sadness radiated from the green-eyed hunter’s body. His fists clenched and his body heaved with deep rattling breaths. He waited and watched his younger brother, understanding his need to stop and think. Dean was becoming familiar with the need to pause, to reflect. It was uncommon for a man who spent most of his life moving, running and throwing himself into any situation. His time with Bobby allowed Dean to slow down his racing mind and to calm his restlessness. It was why in this moment he could remain patient.
Cas had not been there quite yet.  He had reservations about making plans before the formal adoption.  But his mom had insisted.
Cas shook his head, even though he knew he would agree.
Cas rolled his eyes and let out a long exhale.  They’d had this conversation numerous times, and Dean was still determined to whine and complain.  There was one sure fire way to end it, but Cas wasn’t ready to play that card so he replied, “There will be times we have to drive carpool.  And with Will playing hockey, the gear alone takes up a lot of space, and if we drive even one of his teammates…”
Cas dipped his head.  “It’s not ideal, but I’m not sure I have another option.”
“Yeah, well, I didn’t leave her much choice. Now, did I?”
The steam billowed out of the shower, covering the mirror and the bathroom in a damp haze.  It cocooned Cas in a blanket of comfort and familiarity, in a space that was, for all intents and purposes, new.  Even with all the effort to make it theirs, the entire house felt new.  It wasn’t necessarily a negative.  It was just not something Cas expected, especially since it was, essentially, a house he’d known his whole life.  As he stood in the newly renovated bathroom, he wondered what Dean felt.  They hadn’t discussed the move, not really.  They’d talked about what to keep, what to give away, what went here and there, but that was where the conversation ended.  Changes swept in so fast that the process of moving was rushed, so time was not on their side.  But maybe now it was time to reflect and deal with his own emotions.  The thought brought Dean to the forefront of his mind.  This life of theirs was wholly different to the one he had lived.  If Cas was feeling a touch alien in this space, he couldn’t help but think it must be odder for Dean.
She was met with a genuine pout on her patient’s face. “You already. I believe I have been through enough today.”
“Because I am here.  I am free.  I have my family back, and you have an uncanny ability to make me laugh.”  Letting her go, Cas stood up and pulled her to her feet.  They walked along the rocky trail until they reached the sand.  Charlie kept up a running commentary as they went.  Time passed quickly, and they found themselves near the school.  They heard the laughter of the children, and Cas drifted closer.  He overheard the teacher discussing the use of math in engineering.  An idea came to mind and without thinking he entered the building with Charlie hot on his heels.
“You said he was in Minnesota.  The phones in Minnesota, moving around, so that’s a good sign.”
“Fuck,” said Dean. “I’m an asshole.”
Dean’s grip tightened and he buried his face in Cas’s neck, whispering, “You don’t deserve that.”
Having kept quiet through the entire discussion, Alex took that moment to speak. “There were times I didn't want to face this world. I wanted to bury my head and simply forget the dangers. I ignored the signs around me and I ended up putting myself and the people I care about in danger.” She paused for several seconds, waiting until the hunter turned to face her. “Dean, running was never an option for you. So, ask yourself why it is now.”
With a huff, Dean said, “I guess you could say that but I’m more like security, bounty hunter, and investigator rolled into one.”  Exhaling loudly, Dean sat up abruptly.  “What the hell?”  Tension crackled in the room as Dean’s body went rigid.  “How’d you do that?  What’d you do to me?”
“Cas, sweetheart, I know you would never do that.”
There was definitely something he had missed. Something he didn’t understand. He didn’t get why it was tense around the house some days and then so easy other days. He didn’t understand why Cas, who had promised to not work over the break, would suddenly need to go to work. None of it added up in that first week. Whatever it was had changed over the course of the final two weeks. Cas was always home, and Sam seemed less inclined to go out, inviting his friends to the house instead. Dean was more than happy to entertain them, if it meant his family was home. They played poker and video games. Watched movies and ate pizza. Dean cooked for them, insisting on sit down dinners some nights. Cas always smiled on those nights, and he had a serenity about him which Dean rarely glimpsed. For almost two whole weeks, Dean felt whole and happy, and he began to feel some of that serenity for himself.
With a slight shrug of his shoulders, Julian responded, “I followed you.”
“Yes, because he can’t break the contract and he has as much at stake as we do.”
Nearly four years later and it was time to repay her for her unending support and kindness. It was time to stop the traveling, and it was time to step up and be the man she needed him to be in her absence. She never came out and asked him directly as she lay in her hospital bed, but he knew from the despair in her eyes what she wanted. He recalled the last words he said to her,
Charlie frowned at the angel. “Umm, don’t you think you should have led with that.”
Cas picked up Beth. Her eyes fluttered open but didn’t fully wake. She laid her head on Cas’s shoulder and drifted back to sleep. Cas took the lead as they carried the kids upstairs. After tucking them in, Dean took Cas’s hand and proceeded to escort him to their bedroom. Cas followed willingly, despite the frown on his face. “Don’t give me that look,” said Dean as he shut their bedroom door.
Dean who prided himself on driving fast and a bit recklessly at times, found himself gripping the seat on several occasions and looking over at Sam to see the same wide-eyed expression he knew was plastered on his own face. Arriving at the Florence airport, Dean breathed a sigh of relief, only to be reminded of where they were headed. Flashes of Cas and his injuries and the plane ride to come eliminated even the tiniest feelings of relief. He gripped his bag more forcefully, channeling his fear and anger into his fist instead of directing it at Sam. “Lead the way, Sammy.”
Now it was Charlie’s turn to glare at Dean and reprimand him. “I don’t want to know about your sex life Dean. Get on with the damn story.”
“Cas, was it the accident? You need to talk about this.”
“Court had an opening and…I don’t know exactly.  Something to do with the social worker.  But the lawyer said it’s good news, so that’s why everyone is here.”
Sam shook his head. “Dean, did you not listen to what I said.” Confused, Dean stared at his brother. “I said there were complications.” Dean remained silent. “Something happened to Cas and he needs immediate surgery when he lands.” Dean understood Sam’s words, but he didn’t want tomaccept them, so he continued his silent treatment, hoping his brother would take the hint and shut the hell up. Sam, of course, did not. “Dean, do you understand? We won’t get a chance to see Cas before they take him to surgery.” A pause and then, “Dean?”
“Cas, when have we ever done anything by a ‘proper’ timeline.”  Dean practically sneered as he said proper, and the look in his eyes was even more convincing about how he felt about it.  Quieter he added, “Unless you’re rethinking this whole thing.”
“I already did that,” quipped Cas.  “And it was spectacular.”
When they arrived in the city, Dean parked the car at the back of a large lot.  As they approached the building, Cas began to feel a sense of foreboding.  The bowling alley he frequented was old and unfashionable.  The kind where the only money spent was on keeping the lanes perfect.  It was the type where one knew everyone’s name.  The type which would never have flashing neon.  The second the entirety of the building front came into sight Cas knew he was walking into a an entirely different environment.  An alley with a massive arcade and laser tag.  One which catered to all ages, especially teenagers.  Taking a deep breath, he tried to quell the onrush of memories, but they came anyway, slowing his feet.  It was as if he was walking in wet concrete, each step labored and forced.  Dean outpaced him, reaching the door as Cas stopped.  The image at the door morphed into the image of his brother.  Jimmy’s wide mischievous smile, his impatience displayed with the constant wiggle of his body.  The last true happy memory of his twin.  Before the drugs, before the weight loss and sores, before the anger and despair, before the constant apologies, before even that part of his brother vanished and he became a whole different person.  One Cas did not know, did not recognize.  Before he became the person who stole from his parents, pawning his mother’s keepsakes for a quick fix.  Jewelry and coins that had been in the family for generations.  Before he became the person who broke his mother’s heart and turned his father into a distant shell of a man.  Before he became the person who shattered Cas into a million pieces, leaving him with a gaping wound which would never be filled.
“And when will that be, Mr. Winchester,” said Krissy with a giant grin on her face.
With a shake of his head, Dean said, “I don’t get you.  You were so glad to get away from there.”
“We fit together Dean because of a myriad of reasons, but mostly I think it’s because we bring out the best in each other.”
Dean dropped his head into his hands again. “Not something I’m used to but yeah I am afraid. I have too much to lose. He is my best friend, my family and it would destroy me…” He paused and lowered his voice, “…if I ruined it.”
Dean reached out and put his arm around Sam’s shoulders. “You okay?”
“I aim to please,” said an exhausted Dean.
Shep smacked her hand on the table.  “And that’s a good thing.  Cas’s big heart was just what that community needed.  And the President understood it.  Charlie isn’t the only kid Cas saved from a cycle of arrests and prison.  I was working in the Attorney General’s office in the civil rights division.  I worked with the President who was a state senator then.  He was one of many advocating for officers to live in the communities they served.  Cas, for my knowledge, was the only one who actually took the step to move to where he was assigned.”
“Yes, you are,” said Bobby.
“And someone else can pick up the slack for once.  We built this team, so no one gets burnt out. Besides, you need time to process and so does Sam.  And while you’re gone, we will do everything we can to get you answers.  Right, Bobby?” Talia asked as she looked at her boss.
Sitting here, seeing all the work she and Dean had done, he knew she was right.  And despite his lack of involvement thus far, he could see himself on almost every page.  The simplicity, the subtle elegance.  It all combined so easily with the touches of playfulness that were all Dean.  The image they painted filled him with a sense of wonder.  It was everything he could want and everything he thought he’d never have.  Little needed to be changed.  And when they got to the wedding party, Cas didn’t even need a moment to think.  Charlie, Shep, and Victor would be at his side.  Dean nodded knowingly before naming his attendants.  Sam, Bobby, and Jody.
“He started this fall on a full ride. I was so proud of him, but you should have seen Dean. As much as it hurt him to say goodbye to Sam, he was…” Cas smiled, lost for a second in the memory and how to explain Dean’s reaction.
Cas rocked back in his chair, pushing away from the table and Dean.  He stood up and walked a few feet away, looking toward the exit.
“I think you’re forgetting about me,” snapped Bobby.  “Victor and I work together, just because he takes the lead in these meetings doesn’t mean we haven’t talked it over and worked out a decision.  And you trust Ellen so sit down and quit being difficult.”  Dean stared at Bobby for several moments before nodding and taking his seat.  “Now if there aren’t any other questions.  Get ready to go.”
Leaning back in his chair, Dean closed his eyes and focused on the image of a bound and shackled Castiel.  It pained him, but it was necessary.  “I know they collared and cuffed you but how often did they immobilize you?”
Lying on his bed, it struck Cas as odd that no one had assigned Sam and Dean any tasks. Pamela, Darla and even Alex were assigned jobs. But Castiel, Sam, and Dean were left to their own devices. Chuckling to himself, Cas thought of Dean’s nickname for them. Team Free Will. Well here they were again stuck in the middle with one of them in danger. It was almost comical at this point. A knock at the door interrupted his laughter.
“And you. Donna talks non-stop about her hero, Castiel. It’s nice to finally put a face to a name.”
Dean stood up and approached Cas.  “I planned on telling you at some point, but we’ve been kind of busy dealing with our own shit.  Most of it was Bobby’s doing anyway, and Garth’s part of the reason he even let you in the door.  He told us you were trying to clear my name and that you got reassigned.  You kept my name out of it as long as you could.  Cas…I knew that before you told me and it meant a lot.  But I was working through the rest of it and what you called me kept coming to the forefront of my mind.  I heard it in my dreams and in the quiet moments of the day.  Since you’ve been here, I’ve heard it less and less.”
Oddly it was one of Cas’s internet dates that helped him make the decision to finally go. The man was an environmentalist and amateur photographer, and someone Cas related to on both a professional and personal level. It was several dates in when the topic of his trip came up. Carlos immediately latched onto the topic. His dark eyes lit up with interest as he leaned into Cas’s space.
“They’re beautiful, Cas,” Dean expressed before he could reign in his tongue. Cas’s head snapped up, and his eyes locked on Dean. Without looking away, Dean added, “I can’t believe she said that to you. What would the voters think of the great Hester Novak if they heard that?”
Cas’s father frowned and tipped his chin up.  “That won’t do.  I think you should call me Jacob.  If what my beautiful wife has informed about the two of you is true, we should forego the formality.”
Sam eyes opened wide, but he kept his mouth shut. “And not to piss you off more, but I kinda told her my name was Dean and I didn’t have a weapon or holy water or even salt on me.”
Before Dean could respond, Mildred yelled, “Get out of the street and come have a drink with an old lady.”
Writing this chapter sent me on an emotional journey.  Hopefully reading it will do the same for you.  Enjoy!
“Yeah don’t trip or anything,” chuckled Sam.
“Not while you look like I kicked your puppy. And not before I get to say somethin’.” Dean pulled on his shoulder, but Cas refused to turn around and face him. “Fine, I guess I’ll talk to your back.” Cas felt Dean move closer as the hand on his shoulder fell away, only to grip the hem of his t-shirt. “You’re my best friend, Cas. No matter what.”
Back in the room, all else faded away.  The heat of the day, the sounds of the hotel, the coolness of the air conditioning.  It vanished in a flurry of discarded clothes, wandering hands and mouths, and the shared rhythm of their bodies.  Cas had never lost himself so completely.  He had never allowed himself to succumb entirely to his desire, but Dean drew him in and never let him go.  It was beyond intense and yet somehow freeing at the same time.  And when his orgasm ripped through him, Cas cried out Dean’s name, voice broken and body spent.  They both collapsed, breathing hard and clinging to each other.  The feeling of Dean shifting away made Cas crack open his eyes.  He watched the other man leave the bed and head to the bathroom, returning with a warm cloth and tenderly cleaning the mess on Cas’s body.  He tossed the cloth to the floor before laying down and curling around Cas.
Dean went to respond, but Madilyn gave Cas a grave look as she interjected, “This is why you haven’t been returning my calls.  You thought he was…”
A shy smile broke across Castiel’s face. “I’m glad, because seeing you like that, needy and desperate for me, was the most erotic thing I have ever seen.”
“Nope, you don’t get to make a statement like that and think I am going to ignore it.”
“Sam, I’m cooking. Can’t Cas help you?” A very adamant, “No,” was Sam’s response. “Fine, I’ll be right there.” Dean walked across the kitchen and kissed Cas’ cheek. “What do you think that’s all about?”
“I’ll be right down,” yelled Sam.
Without acknowledging Dean’s point, Cas picked up his clothes and stepped back into the bathroom.
Dean shook his head emphatically.  “I never even thought of it until I heard you yelling about it to Antonio.  And I wouldn’t care either way.”
“I’m ready.”  Almost as an afterthought, she said, “Cas, he’s pretty tired, so don’t stay too long.  Take Dean out to a nice dinner.  And I’ll see you tomorrow for lunch.”
“Cas…I’m…”  The angel’s eyes closed briefly before he let Dean go and pushed himself off the couch.  Dean watched as he walked away, steady and upright.  “Cas?”  The march down the hall continued without a hitch, and it irritated Dean.  Walking away, leaving, they were Cas’s MO, and Dean hated it.  He had always hated the way Cas would flit off without a goodbye and disappear without contact, leaving Dean to worry.
Marta tipped her head back and laughed.  “Dean, they are the same age.”
Dean’s eyes went wide with excitement.  “Yeah, you’d let me do that.”  Cas looked up and nodded, giving Dean a tiny smile.  Foot forgotten, Dean moved over to the rack and proceeded to take down every pan.  “Where’s a screwdriver?”
“You wouldn’t.  You were unconscious.  After I got you back here, you started talking.  At first it was in Enochian, so I had no clue what you were saying, but then you slipped into English.”  Dean saw a flicker of fear in Cas’s eyes before the angel hardened his gaze.  Normally, Dean would respond with his own harsh look and tone, but the last few days had worn at his edges, softening them to a degree.  “What’s wrong, Cas?”
“I do.  Now I’m not telling you anymore.  We have work to do.  Did you get the paperwork done?" Cas asked with a grin and without a hint of annoyance in his tone.
“I love you, too, Sunshine.”  Dean winked as he flicked his eyes at the sunset.
When Dean’s eyes met Cas’s, he knew he had pushed the man too far. Anger radiated off Dean, to the point it was almost palpable. Cas took a step back and held up his hands, but it was too late to placate Dean. “Fuck you, how dare you compare me to that possessive jerk. If you want me gone so bad, I’ll pack my shit and go.”
“Yes, it is. And she already lost one son,” Cas said sadly, realizing for the first time the struggle his mother must face and how hard it must have been to let Cas go. How hard it must still be.
Cas ran his hands through her hair. “Yes, Charlie. Your friendship is important to me and it is special. I love you. You are my family.”
There was no stopping the tears. They streamed down Dean’s face as fast as he swiped at them. “Bobby, I’m not gay. I’m not supposed to be…”
“I know that, but it doesn’t change the fact that you lost someone. Cas was in a coma and even when he woke up something stood between the two of you.”
“Okay, point taken,” replied Riley.  “So, if you’re right we still have a chance to rescue them.  And that should be our priority.”
“You were only four.  Are you sure what you felt was anger then?” asked Cas, keeping a firm hold around Dean’s waist because he could feel his desire to pull away.
Cas stepped up beside him, leaning against Dean in a gesture of comfort. “What would we know?”
Castiel ignored Sam’s question and asked, “Sam, where is Dean? I need to speak with him.”
“I want you inside me Cas. Nothing between us.”
The angel flopped his head back to look up at Dean. “Did I ever tell you your bow-legs are incredibly sexy?”
Clicking her tongue, Naomi entered the room.  “If you are finished, we should get going.  Gabriel is waiting for us.  And you know I cannot spend time alone with him.”
Alex stared at Hannah for several seconds. “Okay.” He squirmed out of Cas’s lap and disappeared as fast as he arrived. It wasn’t long before Beth came to stand next to Hannah. “Alex said you’re Cas’s sister.”
“Not everyone can be as stoic as you, babe.”
Interjecting, Cas said, “Talia set Patience up with a therapist who just happens to be a psychic.  But I agree with you about Bobby.  I think it would be better for him to be in his home.  Shep even mentioned it to me.”  It was Cas’s turn to look away, feeling sheepish about keeping the information from Dean.
Dean nodded and said, “All right, then, Jacob.  What exactly did she say about us?”
“Dean, talk to me.”
Castiel scoffed, “I don’t know. You seemed more angry than hurt.”
“Ohh, look at you pulling out the old SAT words.”
“I remember.  As always, it was not by choice that I stayed away.”
Dean could deny it all he wanted, but there was something there. It was in the way they looked at each other and the way Dean laughed. A laugh which Cas could no longer elicit from his friend. In his loneliest moments, he wished time would pass quicker. That the days of his promise would come to an end. Those thoughts ushered in guilt because it was as if he was wishing away Sam’s youth. Wishing away the family he loved so much. He needed to stop his morbid train of thought, so he stepped out of his room and quietly slipped down the stairs. He ignored his desire for a beer and went outside empty handed. He sat down in the furthest corner of the porch, ducking into its dark recesses. He watched the sway of the trees in the moonlight and let a sense of tranquility wash over him.
“No…but I’m on my way. I’ll be there in ten hours.”
Grumbling, Dean shifted toward Cas, pulling him in and kissing him square on the mouth.  “How was that for obvious,” said Dean as he released Cas and turned to smile at Will.
“Not even close. But the best member of your family is out there and he needs your help.” Dean’s voice cracked and broke on the last phrase. He realized how deep is fear ran, how lonely he felt and how there was no escape. No booze, no hunting to help him forget. Cas was his singular focus and would be until they found him. “Sam, we have to find him. I can’t…I just can’t…”
Julian huffed as he ran his hand through Cas’s hair. “You make it sound as if you’re not good, as if you don’t deserve the same. Nothing could be further from the truth, Castiel. Just because Dean can’t see what he is missing doesn’t mean you are unworthy of love. Someday you will find the right person.” As he finished speaking, he slipped under the covers.
“Chickenshit.  No way am I telling him alone.”
“Too bad,” said Charlie.  “I made the call because I needed her, professionally and personally.”
With a gentle touch on the back of Cas’s hand, Charlie drew his attention.  When their eyes met, she said, “I always knew you felt deeply even if you tried to hide it behind a hard exterior.  It’s okay to show that part of you and lean on those of us who care about you.”  Her words stunned Cas because he had tried hard to keep people at bay since Jimmy’s death.  “Don’t look so surprised.  You were there for me when I needed someone to lift me up.  You may have tried to hide your roll, and you may not see it that way, but it’s the truth.”
The change was instantaneous.  Bobby’s gun dropped to his side, and his body relaxed.  Rufus seemed to follow that lead and lowered his gun as well.  “Come in but don’t get too comfortable,” said Bobby, punctuating his words with a glare directed solely at Cas.
“It’s okay.”
“Dean,” admonished Castiel.
Charlie turned around in her chair, looking directly at Victor.  “I think he’s trying to find where he fits.  He’s struggling with his identity, with his beliefs, so he’s dabbling.”
“Feels like home,” breathed Dean.
“But you see him that way.”
Cas threw his head back and laughed. “They aren’t going to like Trivial Pursuit any better.”
The question elicited a burst of laughter from Cas. “No, definitely not Prince Charming. I want someone real. Someone I can…”
Dean grunted as he rolled his eyes.  “Come on.  Leave the damn dishes and come take a shower with me.  Mara will be here soon.”
“Why not?” whined Charlie, and it didn’t stop there.  She badgered him in the elevator and in the car.  She finally dropped the topic when they got to the office.
He responded with a muffled, “Good.” Over the next hour, Darla interspersed discussions of herself and therapy with a few questions. The questions focused on Castiel’s life as an angel before he came to be in Jimmy Novak’s body. Through the entire process he did not stutter except for a brief mention of an angel named Naomi. He quickly shifted the subject from her and the stutter disappeared once again. Before leaving, Darla asked about his soul. They talked about the mechanics, the theory and the complications it posed. Darla left knowing the combination of grace and soul was wreaking havoc on Castiel’s recovery even if he was not willing to face that truth.
“Being you.”
“Oh, yeah, he isn’t interested at all,” Dean said, words dripping with sarcasm.  “Cas, are you really that blind?  He’s standing way the fuck over there and I can see…how he’s looking at you.”
Cas rolled his eyes at Dean. His ridiculous double standard on their dating history will forever make Cas marvel. Dean laid out the reason from their first night together and has never wavered. It isn’t a double standard in Dean’s mind because he never wanted a partner until Cas, while Cas had been searching for one the entire time. “I know, Dean,” he said placating his husband. “I’m not jealous of them.” Their food arrived just as Cas finished his sentence. He kept quiet except to thank their waitress until she walked away. “And you shouldn’t be jealous of Zar.”
“I think maybe I need therapy because you saying shit like that doesn’t even faze me anymore.” Sam shrugged before turning to face the door. “Would you like me to lock it this time? Or would that kill the thrill?”
“Behind me.”
The heaviness of Dean’s voice signaled the man’s exhaustion. It was the same feeling currently sliding over Cas. Between the intensity of his orgasm and the emotional conversation it was no wonder. “You should get some sleep, Dean. And I have an early flight so I should too.”
The rest of the trip went in a similar fashion. They stopped at the Grand Canyon on their way to visit a migrant camp in Arizona. Sam lost track of how many miles they hiked.  At another stop, Sam was not allowed to go, and Cas insisted Dean spend the day with his brother. The haunted look in Cas’s eyes when he returned was painful to witness. He said little about his encounters that day, only giving them a perfunctory answer about sex-trafficking and forced drug use. Dean made the executive decision to take a few days off and splurge on a trip to Disneyland. It took two full days of roller coasters and the so-called Disney magic to replace that horrific look in Cas’s usual steely blue eyes.
Madilyn leaned against Cas, snaking her arm around his waist.  “He’s good with them.”
Without another word spoken, Meg walked out the door, only looking back to glare at Crowley.
“Of course she is,” said Cas, placatingly.
Cas shook his head and wrapped his arms around Dean’s back.  “My love, you don’t need to tell me because you show me.”
Dean sat back and watched as Charlie took over.  It wasn’t long before everyone was separated and settled in their own tasks.  while Cas was engaged in a conversation with Carlos, Dean took the opportunity to talk to Charlie alone, pulling her into her office.  “I’m going to need your help with something.  And you can’t tell anyone about it until we have everything done.”
Bags were packed and everyone was standing on the porch. Bobby was huddled with his boys. Cas smiled at their animated conversation, but the moment was bittersweet. It was time to say goodbye. Bobby had stayed to help with the clean-up and to ensure their safety, but now that the bulk of the work was done, the old hunter was ready to return to heaven. Cas could not help but feel guilty. Dean and Sam were losing him once again. Maybe if he had not made the decision to go to the island, Bobby would be staying.
“They refused to talk to me.”
“Of course, not,” said Cas, “But two can play at that game.”  A few minutes later Cas was regretting his decision to stoop to Dean’s level.  The one-upmanship had escalated to a preposterous level, and he had begun to fear they would get kicked out for indecency.  On a particularly graphic moan, he decided to call a halt, kicking Dean in the leg to cut him off.
“But he is so wrapped up in work right now.  He revels in it.  What happens after we adopt the kids?  What happens in a month, in a year?  Hunting is the life he knows.  I’m not sure he won’t regret this.”
“I don’t need thanks for that.  It’s part of the job.”
. When have you ever let any of the rest of us do that? You demand and cajole until we let you help,” Dean sneered, lowering his voice and mocking Cas.
“No, you’re not.”
The problem was his conscious self knew Dean was no longer a kid. He hadn’t been in a long time, and now Dean’s body matched the man he had become. Even though he worked hard not to look or to notice, he had found his eyes drifting over Dean’s broad shoulders and strong back.
Before Cas could interject and add other memories, Shep said, “I agree.  And I think you and Cas need to head to Sioux Falls and meet this sheriff.  We’ll need to fabricate a case, so I can send you to South Dakota.”
“That was a bad one.”
“I wish you could see what others see when they look at you. Castiel, the people in this house love you. They appreciate you not for what you can do for them. They appreciate you for who you are. For the kind, generous man you are. For the dedicated friend you are. For the unconditional love you give. Your heart shows in those beautiful eyes. From everything Sam and Charlie have told me that love was there whether you were an angel or a human. And it certainly shows in the person you are now.”
The room fell silent for a second, and then Sam heard the sound of approaching footsteps. He backed away from the door and rushed into his own room. He closed the door as silently as possible, hoping he hadn’t been detected. He sat down on his bed and began to replay the conversation he had just overheard. It wasn’t the first time he caught Charlie pushing Cas over the past year. He wondered exactly what she wanted their friend to do and what was so unhealthy in Cas’s life. His mind drifted to a few of the conversations he walked in on between Cas and Dean. There was something in Cas’s life he was missing, and it was starting to really bother him. He wanted to help his friend, but how could he do that if he didn’t understand the problem. As he laid back, he decided he would pay closer attention to Cas.
Openly smiling now, Antonio nodded.  “I know, but, Castiel, if you think about it for a second…”
Cas rolled his eyes.  “You know this is ridiculous, right?  I’m perfectly capable of taking care of myself.  There is no need for all this fuss.”  Two sets of angry eyes descended on him.  “I see you don’t agree.”
“Okay,” he responded sincerely.  “You remember Naomi.”
The pain was excruciating. He could feel his newborn soul shredding and ripping away from his body. His eyes closed, and his body convulsed. The screams next to him were distant. He could not find his way back until the movement stopped and a new pain replaced the other. He turned his head then to see Dean halfway out of the car window. Smashed onto the ground. His chest was moving faintly and then there was nothing except the weight on his chest. The car was crushed down onto him. When the paramedics arrived, he watched as they performed CPR on Dean. He lost consciousness before he was taken away.
“Now your training starts.  Show us the gear you have and then we get to work,” replied Dean.
“I love him.”
“Yeah, we have a few loose ends to finish up before we can blow this town.  Hopefully by then, Meg will have everything set for us to move,” said Charlie in a rush as she stood up.  “Sam, let’s go round up the two old coots.”  Cas watched as they sauntered over to Bobby and Crowley.  Within seconds, they were gone.  The room was eerily silent after so much activity.  It made Castiel uncomfortable, and he began to fidget in his chair.
A dampness on his cheeks drew him from his memory.
The angel’s cheeks turned pink and his lips quirked up.  “I suppose we were.”
“Weeks,” howled Dean.  “Cas, don’t even think about it.  I am not staying here, doing nothing for weeks.  I have a job to do.  I hunted the whole time you’ve been after me.  Why stop now?  I get that I can’t go see the operation in Chicago, but I know what I’m doing.  I know how to avoid law enforcement.”
Castiel nodded eliciting a smile from Dean. He took his eyes off the hunter and looked at Charlie. She still looked apprehensive which pained him deeply. Ignoring his anxiety, he reached out to the red-head. She took a tentative step forward. Dean stepped back, allowing her to take another step and another. With only a few feet between them, Charlie stopped, reaching out her hand. Castiel closed the distance between them. He clasped her small hand with both of his.
Dean leaned against the window frame and looked back at Cas.  “You can’t think like that.”
Anger radiated off Dean and it was Cas’s turn to hold him back.  He directed Dean to walk away before he said, “So, you’re on Lilith’s side.”
The smile slid off Castiel’s face and a deep weariness returned to his eyes. “I could try to eat,” he said meekly, “but sometimes it makes me feel worse.”
“Wait. How long were you out there?” asked Dean.
The phone dropped away from his ear, and he tapped the screen once again.  The text he sent to Victor was short and, he hoped, sufficient.  Before it dinged with a response, the phone fell out of his hand.  The last vestiges of his mental energy spent as the urge to scrub himself clean consumed him.  His hands still held the tinge of blood.  The stench still filled his nose.  Metallic and intense.  He could practically taste burned hair and flesh on his tongue.  Nausea overcame him, and he raced to the bathroom, dropping to his knees with a cracking sound and a flash of pain.  He heaved into the toilet, but nothing came out.  His stomach emptied hours ago at the back of an ambulance as he stared at the ramshackle cabin which had become a graveyard.
He heard a sharp inhale before Charlie asked, “Cas, what’s going on?”
“She.”
Cas dropped his eyes and ducked his head.  “Does that mean we are leaving?”
The three people all took a step back. A look of shock filled both Kevin and Charlie’s faces, but it was the look of guilt on the other person’s face which drew Dean’s ire, and he said, “It’s a bit late for guilt, Hannah.”
“What?” asked Dean.
“Does this mean-”
Dean flipped his head to the side, making them sway.  “Don’t.”
“But it won’t.”
A young man in a trooper’s uniform was holding Cas’s elbow and shouldering much of his weight.  “You heard the man,” he said as he led Cas to a waiting ambulance.  He was poked and prodded and found to be concussion free which was actually surprising as Cas still felt as if he was in a haze.  The feeling persisted as he was questioned and as he watched the scene unfold in front of him.   Victor approached and asked how he was doing.  He assured his partner he was fine even though the haze still surrounded him.  It didn’t fade until he was ushered into a vehicle and saw the road stretch out in front of him.
“I don’t know.  You made this big show about how we weren’t going to stay in bed all weekend, so…”
The thought of Dean struggling to deal with Cas’s injuries and a bunch of bigoted people and ridiculous bureaucracy sent another wave of anger coursing through him.  He heaved a deep breath and then another trying to calm down.  His head was pounding, and his vision was starting to blur.  Pinching the bridge of his nose, he closed his eyes.  It marginally helped, but he could still feel the blood pulsing in his temples.  A light touch on his knee drew his attention away from the pain for a brief moment.
“The more we renovate, the longer it will take, and I don’t want to make Lily and Billy-”
Oh, here, we go with the adult bu-”
Cas tugged him forward, placing his hands on the small of Dean’s back. “If I am, it is solely because of you.”
Will rolled his eyes and left with a grunt.  They all watched him go, and then Dean looked at Cas.  “You got this.  I’ll go deal with that.”
“I agree, but for now would you go grab a blanket.  I want to sit under the tree.”
Dean raced around the counter and pulled Cas into his arms. “How could you possibly think that? We talk about everything. Every damn step. Nothing happened that I wasn’t one hundred percent on board.”
Jody nodded and made her exit.  As she walked away that unnatural feeling of exhaustion swept over Cas.  His body deflated, and he exhaled sharply.  He reined it in as best he could when Bobby approached him.  “How you doing, kid?”
Scoffing, Dean said, “How exactly would you go about doing that? I know you are in danger. I know what you do can have consequences. I’ve known that since I was a kid, Cas. It doesn’t make it any easier to watch you walk out the door, and it certainly doesn’t make it easier to watch you walk back in hurt.” Dean stopped and took a deep breath. “And you aren’t getting out of answering my question. Where are you going?”
“Oh,” Dean whispered as his lips quirked up in a tiny smile.  “Me, too.”
“It appears we got it all wrong,” said Cas, voice laced with grief and guilt.
Smacking her hand on the front seat, Charlie snapped, “You say that Sam, but where the hell has she been this whole time. She should have been here the second we knew where he was.”
“It’s more than that,” Cas said before launching into the story about Sam’s call and the connection to Dean’s father.
“Thank you for your help.”
“Cas, when you two are done in Tulsa, I want you to come to Racine.”
A flustered huff greeted Cas’s statement. “Yeah, okay…um…do you think you can sleep now?”
Dean bumped his shoulder into Cas. “I’d say nice diversion, but Benny already used that one not fifteen minutes ago.” Cas rolled his eyes dramatically. “I love you, too,” said Dean, with a soft chuckle and a wink.
Shrugging his shoulders, Sam said, “Not really. More like I hoped they could control themselves."
“It appears that’s the case.  Donna had worked the case.  She had several leads and even had a sketch of a possible suspect,” Shep replied, trying to stay professional, but when her voice cracked at the end, Cas knew the situation was about to get much worse.  “One of the interviews she conducted was with a bar patron.  He had overheard a conversation.  A man was talking on a phone discussing something about getting a gun.  He didn’t think anything suspicious until he heard the man say it didn’t go as planned but he did what he had to do.  The cold way he delivered that information set the man’s teeth on edge, his words.  Donna had a sketch artist work with him and…”
“Castiel, I knew somehow we’d find each other.”
It took some adjustment for them to find a comfortable way to sleep.  Dean changed into sleep pants before he approached Cas.  The angel was lying on his side, tucked under the covers, with his hands clasped in front of him.  Despite Cas’ need for contact, he also needed distance.  With this in mind, Dean slid under the covers, keeping several feet between them.  He waited then for Cas to decide the next move.  After several aborted attempts, Cas inched closer to Dean as he reached out his hand.  They fell asleep that way.  Hands entangled, eyed locked on each other.  Dean had watched as Cas’ eyelids drifted closed.  It was only then that the hunter had allowed his own eyes to close.  He awoke several hours later to the sound of whimpering.
Cas stared at the photo for several moments before he could place it.  “Orlando, late ’98.”
Grabbing the blankets aggressively, Dean attempted to yank them away, but Cas held firm. “What the hell do you mean, no? I want an answer. I deserve an answer.”
“Fuck, fuck, fuck. What does that mean, Sam?” yelled Charlie. Sam heard banging followed by the sound of a male voice. “Gabe, shut up. Sam start talking now,” she said in a rush.
Cas griped, “That is not what I was going to say.  She does not worship me.”
“I’ll sum it up for your clearly overwrought brain. A group of us managed to get Pamela sent down her to work her magic on Castiel in the hopes healing him would fix the problem. But your stubborn ass refused to deal with what happened. After watching the torture for these last few months, we couldn’t take it anymore and we decided you needed a good old-fashioned ass kicking.”
A short, stocky woman held his arm and escorted him from the room. He shifted his gaze down to his feet. Barefoot and bloody his feet slid across the floor. Each step brought twinges of pain. Wounds torn anew wept, as did his eyes. He tasted the salt as his tears reached his lips. The agonizing walk went on for what felt like hours. Neither spoke, but Cas sensed the woman’s tension. Her tenderness belied the recent events and made the angel wonder about Malachi’s place among his captors. This thought made Cas look at the woman again. She must have felt the change because her head lifted and their eyes connected. He saw pity, but also revulsion. At first, he thought the revulsion was directed at him, but in the next breath he knew it was for what he suffered. The violation. The…He knew the word. Knew what that violation was called but could not bring himself to use it. His mind remained locked on this thought and he did not realize they had stopped walking.
“Of course, Dean.”  Cas shifted in his seat so his thigh aligned with Dean’s.  “I am getting tired.  Should we go back to the house?”  The hunter nodded as he stood.  It took a long time for them to make their exit as everyone wanted a chance to speak with Cas.  Dean hovered on the periphery speaking with Charlie, Sam, and Pamela.  When he saw Cas’ shoulders droop, he knew it was time to extricate him from the fray.  Charlie walked with him and helped him disengage Cas from the small crowd.  She walked with them for a short while.  Their conversation was light and filled with laughter.  The sound of Castiel laughing never ceased to amaze Dean.  It was so rare and so treasured he felt he should catalogue each and every one.  Before he knew it, they were on their own again.  Stumbling along the beach, lit only by the waning moonlight.
“What do you mean you haven’t talked to Cas?” asked Charlie continuing their phone conversation as if no time had passed. “How is that possible? He told me he was going to contact you.”
Cas tensed.  “No.”
“It happens when you stumble on a vampire meeting.”
The green-eyed hunter scoffed, “That’s the whole point. I wasn’t. I haven’t been for a while. Strange though in this case it worked out. Liz saw right through me. She noticed after our initial contact that I wouldn’t look her in the eye. She was already suspicious, but then I pulled out before I was done.”
begun when you said you loved me two years ago, but it was there much longer and you know it. For me, it was there from the very beginning.”
“I think you’re right.”
The words were kind and supportive. The touch was caring and heartfelt. It should have made Cas feel better. It should have eased his tension. But all it did was make Cas fall more in love with the man he would never have. He closed his eyes and clung to Dean. He let the pain and sadness envelop him, even as he drank in the man’s smell and his comfort.
Meg shook her head.  “You are somethin’ else, my little tree-topper.”  She rubbed his shoulder.  “That’s all I can do.  I will leave you two alone so Dean here can set you straight.”  She turned to stare at Dean as she said harshly, “And you better set him straight.”
“He’s not wrong,” sighed Cas.  “When Jimmy died, I had a similar reaction, but I had mourned Jimmy for years before he passed.  With you it was this sudden rift.  It felt as if you had been ripped away from me and I was left gasping.  It didn’t really matter how it happened, what role I played in it, because in the end, it felt like I was dying.  And you see the result of that.  I couldn’t eat, vomited much of what I managed to eat, work became overwhelming.  Victor’s been carrying my weight; not sure I would have even gone to work without his and Charlie’s constant badgering.”  The heavy breathing from Dean and the pinched expression on his face unnerved Cas.  He wondered if he had once again said the wrong thing, and it would lead to Dean closing himself off, shutting the door, ending Cas’s glimmer of hope.
“Oh. Okay. Thank you, Sarah.” The dark-haired woman smiled weakly at Dean and Sam before turning away to greet the next person in line.
“Yeah, Sammy. It’s me.”
, countless times, and every time it brings me a joy I can’t even hope to explain. And when you say,
“Ahh…we know better than most,” Mahdi said with quiet retrospection. “These lands never seem to be free of it. We rid Arabia of one such leader and another rises.”
“Then what is the problem.”
“That’s not a word Dean.”
.  He hoped the man hadn’t lied about his name because Cas wanted him.  Itched to touch him.  The sound of Dean’s sharp inhale made Cas realize he had done just that.  Looking down, he saw his hand resting high on the other man’s thigh.  Without a second thought, he ran his thumb along the inside of that thigh, raising his eyes to see desire reflected back at him.  All pretense gone as to what this was between them.
He tried to call her back, but the bartender set his new drink in front of him drawing his attention. By the time he turned around, he had lost sight of Charlie in the large crowd. His eyes, however, easily found Castiel, and he went right back to staring. Cas’s eyes found his and the man made his way over, taking the seat beside him. He was sweaty and flushed and smiling. It brought a grin to Dean’s face as he passed his half-full beer over to him.
With each successive prayer, Dean’s mind slowed down and his heart stopped pounding.  His body relaxed against Cas, breathing in tandem with the angel.  The comfort ushered in a sleepy haze, and Dean closed his eyes, giving into his exhaustion.
Shakily, Cas said, “I don’t understand.”
. Neither Dean nor Cas commented this time when Dean pressed play. They lost themselves in the show for a couple of episodes. Before the third episode started, Cas grabbed the remote and turned it off. “We talked about Sam’s graduation party but not his gift.”
After he hung up the phone, Dean felt a tiny measure of hope even as he cursed himself for not letting Sam contact her sooner.  When he pushed back from the table and stood up, he knocked his chair into the wall.  Sam bolted upright with a frantic look on his face.  “Dean?”
Dean’s hand tightened on Cas’s cheek as he interrupted him. “Okay, okay. Yeah, I left, but I wasn’t planning on getting drunk or acting like an idiot.”
“Oh,” Dean said mind still foggy. Cas’s voice sounded off. Both flat and pinched. “Cas?” Dean asked as his head cleared, “Why didn’t you invite someone else?”
“I know,” Dean said unconvincingly as his eyes trailed off, adding in a wholly defeated voice, “But I can’t do this anymore.”
“You’re the one who did it.”
Dean was closest to her and quickly wrapped his arm around her shoulder.  “Hey, hey, it’s okay.  We shouldn’t have yelled.  I’m sorry half-pint.”
“Don’t be snarky.  This is a big deal.”
“Don’t apologize. You can lean on me whenever you need support.”
Cas bumped him back.  “Why can’t I mean both?”
Without conscious thought, Dean laid his hand over Castiel’s fists. “Cas, were you afraid I’d be upset? Because that is the furthest thing from the truth. I already told you I missed our bond. I missed you and obviously my soul is smarter than my head. This is what I want, but if this is not what you want then I am sorry.”
“Cas, please…”
“And she’s just willing to go along and not bug out at the first chance she gets.”
“That doesn’t mean others will see them that way.  They’d be safer at another location.”
That got Cas’s attention and his head whipped up almost connecting with Dean’s chin.  “Why?”
“Cas, we talk about sex a lot. I mean a lot more than I’ve ever discussed with a partner.”
“Wasn’t expecting that.”
Cas leaned closer and whispered, “Just...he’s different.”
Cas stopped Sam before he answered. “I think we should discuss some details before either of you decide. This isn’t going to be easy, but we have to talk about finances and clearing out your mother’s room. And we should talk about our relationships, and how they will change. I won’t be just a guest anymore.”
“Maybe you need to have some faith.  Maybe we all do.”
“Just this,” said Dean as he kissed Cas sleepily.
“Grab me a shirt.”
“It does not change what he did to you.  It was rape.”  She paused then assessing the angel before asking, “Did you find pleasure in it?”
The next hour was filled with conversation and food. Dean enjoyed it, but his mind kept wandering to what Cas had planned. Finally, Sam had enough. “What did you do to him?” he asked as he stared at Cas.
There was no reprieve. The fingers were removed and the blunt head of Cas’ cock pushed into Dean’s waiting body. Writhing with pleasure Dean reached back with one hand and pulled his lover forward. This time it was Cas that cried out. “God yes Dean. So tight.”
“Recovering.  Seems demons have a different healing process than humans.”
Huffing, Dean said, “As if that was even a question.  And I was thinking, if I cut back on field work, you could start working with Victor again.  I know Bobby’s been itching to get back to Sioux Falls.  He’d never say it, but he’s missing Jody and Alex.  And she could probably use the help now that she has Patience.  Can’t be easy dealing with someone who lost their dad and learned she was a psychic in one day.  Not sure how Jody is handling it.”
“Fuck,” he moaned as he slumped to the floor. Burying his head in his hands, he tried to calm himself down. He took measured breaths and tugged on his hair. After several minutes, his breathing regulated. It didn’t help the panic in his mind. It was unfathomable with all the sex he’d had in his life to get hard from the sound of someone’s voice. Let alone Cas’s voice of all people. He couldn’t wrap his head around it until he thought about the last few months. He was so busy he hadn’t picked up anybody. Come to think of it, it was probably the longest dry spell since he lost his virginity. He didn’t even have time for porn because by the time he got home he was exhausted from the twelve to fourteen hour days. He felt slightly better knowing he was most likely just horny. He steadfastly chose to ignore the little voice that kept repeating,
When Dean moved back, Cas discovered two sets of eyes staring at them.  “Dean loves you, too,” Lily said with conviction.
“Yes, sweetheart, we did.” Cas held her tight, as first Dean, and then Alex joined them on the ground. Tears ran down all their cheeks as they gave in to their grief and their fear.
“Dean, the nursing staff, the doctor, Sam, and even Aaron laid into you for taking off your mask.”
Cas ducked his head until he got Dean’s attention, making eye contact.  “For me, it was always something I wanted.  And after covering the fight for marriage equality and photographing some of the earliest couples on their wedding days, I knew it was what I wanted if I found the right person.”
Cas went to respond but Dean interrupted his train of thought.  “Jody, if you’re done with your pep talk?  We should probably get going.”
Dean’s voice was strained as he mentioned Julian. It was tight and pained, and Sam couldn’t understand what Julian had to do with any of this, so he said, “And that was a problem.”
The scent of coffee wafting in the room woke him from a hazy dream to find himself naked and tangled in the sheets.  The sound of laughter hit him next.  Dean’s deep chuckle settling over him as he rolled to the side, encountering the heat of the other man’s body.  Spying him with one eye, Cas saw the handle of a cup pointing in his direction.  As he moved his gaze upward, he discovered a grinning Dean propped against the headboard.  Part of Cas didn’t want to move, didn’t want to take that cup.  Part of him wanted to stay sheltered in the bed, staring at Dean.  Because he knew once he moved, once he woke to the day, it would be their last hours together.  They would slip away quickly, vanishing long before Cas wanted.  Dean’s smile faltered, and Cas hated to see it go.  Sitting up, he took the cup and attempted a small grin, hoping to bring that smile back.  “Thank you, Dean."
“There is no need to be so dramatic, Naomi.  Of course, I am going with you.”
“We arrived in the middle of the night. Not a lot of traffic on the road then.”
“You should.”  Dean’s smile faded away slowly.  “What about you?”
“Yeah, well, things change,” snapped Dean, cutting Cas off and closing the distance between them until they were standing toe to toe, the bottle wedged between their chests.
“All right your highness,” Dean said with a bow and a smirk.
Beaming Dean said, “What can I say, I’m just that awesome.”
There was a moment in which Dean thought Cas would refuse to answer. His eyes shifted away and his shoulders tensed, but then he brought his gaze back and stared into Dean’s eyes. “He was jealous of my connection to you. The bond we have shared since I pulled you out of hell. And when he discovered my love for you, his anger was palpable. It was an affront to his concept of what made an angel. I was an abomination in his mind. The sigils he carved not only dampen my grace, they demonstrate his ire at my audacity to love. The burns and the gashes those are my punishment for stealing your…devotion.” The angel struggled on the last word and it came out tentative and broken.
“That was convenient timing,” said Madilyn, “We can finish this all at once.  As I was telling Cas, Jacob and I will be paying for the renovations.  Period.  End of story.”
I appreciate the comments and kudos.  They keep me writing.  This chapter focuses on Cas's case, but Dean makes interesting appearances, albeit from a distance.  Enjoy!
“Oh, I didn’t realize.”
“Well, Dean. Now that we aren’t strangers, how about you tell me why you can’t accept yourself.”
“Don’t make excuses. You were more important than any of the other shit we were dealing with.”
Cas snorted, “Haven’t really had that in a while.”
Shep seemed to zero in on the easy question first as she launched into an explanation for Meg’s presence.  “She’s been traveling with us for a couple of days.  Helping us piece together some of the puzzle and leading us to some significant evidence.”
“No, I am leaving tomorrow, and I want to know what your plan is.”
“I haven’t even truly started, Dean. How are you hard already?”
Jenny gestured toward a set of chairs. “If you will have a seat, I will go find out what I can.”
Nodding Cas ushered Dean and Naomi out of the room.  “Where are you going?” he asked.
Cas pushed his plate away. “We don’t have enough to even get a search warrant let alone an arrest warrant.” Standing up, Cas immediately started pacing, trying to rack his brain for some way to salvage the situation from the debacle. As his mind raced, he said, “How hard is it to understand a simple directive?”
“I want to part of the discussion about what our next steps are.  And Dean may have acted like he wants no part in it, but when push comes to shove, I know he'll want to at least give his input.”
Cas shook his head for the fifth time during the discussion turned argument. “Absolutely not. I have enough drugs in me already. I understand I’ll need to be restrained, and I understand it will be a long flight.”
“Then how can you expect this?”
“But I love another. How can this happen?” the angel gestured at the beginnings of an erection.
Dean chuckled, “I can tell.”  He held Cas for several more seconds before stepping back.  “Do you have a plan for the day?”
A month passed and no one had heard from Dean. Claire was the last to see him when she joined him on a vampire hunt. The longer the absence dragged on the guiltier Castiel felt. Remembering their harsh words in the hospital room did not help in the least. Sam, Charlie, and even Claire tried to reassure him that Dean would be back once he figured a few things out. Despite those assurances, they refused to tell him what exactly Dean was trying to figure out. Cas’ thoughts continually drifted to his own role in his disappearance. This remained the major sticking point in his therapy. Darla’s homework helped the angel feel more comfortable. He understood himself at a more visceral level. Most of that understanding dealt with his current condition and his role on earth. The door remained shut, however, when it came to processing his guilt. Darla assured him it was difficult for all people to forgive themselves. Wallowing in guilt was a very human reaction. He wanted to heal, but without knowledge of Dean’s whereabouts or his safety, Castiel couldn’t move forward. Added to his guilt, his fear and loss were powerful deterrents.
“I recommend the caramel apple, but Sam always got one of their fancy ass pies, and he’d talk my ear off about organic this and locally sourced that.”  Dean kept up the litany about Sam and the disputes they had over food options as they were seated and while they ordered, finishing only when the pie was set down in front of him.  Cas smiled at the childish glee in Dean’s eyes as he shoveled in his first bite.  The moan that followed garnered Cas’s attention in a whole other way.  “Quit watching me and eat,” Dean said between mouthfuls.
On a night such as this where they were whole and unharmed, the desperation was tempered but the urgency remained.  The need for release taking priority.  Dean did not bother to try and forestall his orgasm, so it wasn’t long before Cas felt Dean harden further.  With a final stroke, Dean came, crying out Cas’s name.  They laid still for several heartbeats before Cas found his t-shirt and cleaned Dean up.  Soon after, Dean fell asleep.  As Cas watched the rise and fall of Dean’s chest, he traced the line of Dean’s jaw.  Settling his hand on Dean’s neck, Cas felt the pulse of his heartbeat, and the last remnants of his tension faded away.  Dean was not the only one who needed the reassurance of touch.  With a last kiss to Dean’s forehead, Cas closed his eyes, sinking into sleep slowly.   When the alarm sounded a few hours later, it bolted him from his sleep, and he ended up elbowing Dean in the stomach.
“I…I...don’t…” Shaking his head, Castiel cleared his throat. “No running. For either of us.” The angel slumped to the side and his eyes closed briefly. When he opened them, the blue was faded with exhaustion. Dean closed the short distance between them. Kneeling before the angel, he said, “We can continue this later. You need to rest.”
“And that is all we are going to say on the matter,” added Cas.  After a beat of silence, Dean nudged Cas with his elbow and held up the bag of food, effectively closing the subject of marriage.  As they ate, the topic shifted to Jacob’s health.  There was permanent damage to segments of his heart, but it could have been much worse.  Cas marveled at his father’s upbeat spirit.  Even as they discussed the seriousness of the heart attack and the medical procedures, he maintained a calm and almost pleasant demeanor.  Where was the anger?  Where were the demands?  Where was the ego?  This was a man Cas had not known for a long time.  He remembered a few moments from when he was young.  Times his father played with him, read to him, dried his tears, and held him close, but they were fleeting and seemed so rare he often wondered if he had dreamt them.  But here, now, he saw that man, that father and it brought a smile to his lips.
Cas leaned into Dean and wrapped his arm around his waist.  “Sounds even better.”
“Cas, don’t.”  He turned to look at Cas, eyes searching, imploring.  For what, Cas did not know.  “Can you excuse us for a minute?” Dean asked when he turned back to Cas’s parents.  For a second Cas thought his father would refuse, but after a moment, he gave Dean a curt nod.  “Thanks.”  Standing up, he took Cas’s hand and led him from the room.  When they reached their bedroom, he shut the door and sighed.  “I know what you were going to say but it’s a mistake.  We have to tell them the truth.”
“About picking up a ring.”
“Dean?” croaked Cas.
Just then the door opened and in walked Daniel, Cas’s former boyfriend. Whatever indignation Dean felt before quadrupled in a heartbeat. Daniel always rubbed Dean the wrong way. He had monopolized Cas’s time and tried to push Dean aside. Pretty hard to do when Dean was Cas’s roommate, but then no one said he was the brightest. Besides, best friend of ten years versus boyfriend of three weeks wasn’t exactly a fair fight. Cas, thank fuck, sent him packing after the idiot asked Dean to leave his own apartment for the night. Presumptuous ass got his ass handed to him. As much as Dean loved that particular memory, there were parts of it he tried wholeheartedly to forget. Like the fact Cas’s righteous anger turned him the fuck on. Yeah, that was the part he buried and reburied and cemented over. Having already flushed over Cas mentioning his fine ass, Dean slammed his mind shut on those errant thoughts and replaced them with his profound dislike for the slimy asshole currently checking on Cas’s wounds.
Cas heard movement behind him.  When he turned to look, Dean gestured for Cas to get off the phone.  “Victor, Dean finished his call and needs to talk to me.”
.  And Dean could only watch as Cas painstakingly undressed, folding each item of clothing as he went.  By the time, Cas was gloriously naked, Dean was cracked open with desire.  He watched Cas take measured steps to the bed, muscles tensing and rippling.  The strength was fully back in Cas’s body, and Dean loved every inch of it.  The burns never registered anymore as they were simply part of Cas, part of his story, part of the journey they shared.  Silent and sleek Cas slid a knee onto the bed.  Dean could not hold in the whimper the barely-there touch on his thigh elicited.  Swallowing loudly, he dragged his eyes up to meet Cas’s heated gaze.
The three friends continued to discuss the situation for several more minutes until Pamela entered the room. The conversation halted immediately. All eyes trained on the psychic. “He’s fine. You can stop worrying. This situation is making us all tired, but for him it’s harder. I hate to say it but Darla is right. We are making him worse. He hasn’t been this exhausted and depressed since….” Her voice faltered and her eyes found Dean.
************
“All right then divvy up the list and let’s get started.”
Cas walked into the kitchen that night to the sight of organized chaos.  Dean was in the middle of it with a beautiful grin on his face.  Crossing the room quickly, Cas pulled Dean into his arms, hooking his chin over the other man’s shoulder.  Dean leaned back as he turned his face.  He captured Castiel’s lips in a hard, needy kiss.
Dean laid his head down on the pillow, tucking his hands up near his chin.  “Not in a bad way.  More like in an overwhelming way.”
“She knows?” asked Cas.
Swallowing hard, his voice cracked with emotion, Cas said, “You are not a possession.”
“That’s all you have to say.”
Impatient and irritated, he asked, “Why aren’t you at work?”
“I will,” said Cas sincerely. “I already purchased your plane ticket for the holidays, so we’ll see you in a few months.”
“Dean is an infuriating man. He tells me I am his friend, that I am like a brother. In the next breath, he is praying to me, pleading for me. In his head, he longs for me. He dreams of us and shoves those images at me in prayers. Prayers I cannot ignore. I try to tune them out, but they are so loud and demanding. Just like Dean. I went to him one night as he screamed for me and what I found was…unpleasant. And still I came the next time he called to me. What I saw hurt me.” The broken sound of his voice almost had Sam rushing to his friend’s side, but he forced himself to stay seated.
“Looks like an industrial area, bunch of warehouses and storage places, about a mile from you.”
“Um…uh…Sam,” Charlie said, swatting Sam’s arm, “it’s supposed to be a surprise.”
Cas lifted the sheet and slid out of bed, approaching Dean with a touch of nerves.  “Never thought what?”
“Cas?” chided Victor.
“It’s been known to happen.  Not often, but lately…”  Cas let the words hang and lifted his gaze to find Dean walking away.  His steps were slow and heavy as if he carried a weight on his back.  The sight saddened Cas and he quickly looked away.  Forcing himself not to dwell on it, Cas finished putting the groceries away and then went to take a much-needed shower.  The hot water washed away the grime of the long day and night, and it helped ease his tension, draining away his swirling thoughts.  Mind blank he went through the mechanics of completing his morning routine.  Once dressed he puttered around the house, picking up books and flipping through them.  Eventually, he settled on the couch with a pad of paper and series of books and documents.  He took copious notes and tried not to think of Dean.  After a few hours, his mind wandered and he wondered where Dean had gone.
“Bullshit.  When it comes to this…”  The rest of Dean’s words faded as he lowered his volume.  It went on and on.  Snippets of conversation reaching him, enough to let him understand the gist of the argument.  He knew when Dean eventually came to bed, the man would be tense and frustrated.  Most of the conversation seemed to consist of neither one listening to the other, talking over or around each other.  Each time Cas thought they were done, and he could finally sleep, he was snapped out of it by a harsh voice.  The last words he heard erupted from Sam’s mouth about ten minutes before Dean walked into the bedroom.  They were angry and bitter, and the slamming door punctuated them.  “You are not my father.”
“Well, shit,” groaned Dean.  “You’re just as annoying as your son.  How the hell can all of you be the voice of reason?  Isn’t there only supposed to be one of those in a family?”  He punctuated his question with a roll of his eyes and a slight chuckle.
“How is that possible?  Does something distract you from that mission?” asked Dean, voice deep and sensual.
Shaking her head, Charlie said, “Oh, no. Our angel did not need my help with sarcasm. His interactions with Dean took care of that all on its own. Add to that his time with Crowley and his education in sarcasm was complete.”
Leaning back, Cas crossed his arms over his chest and leaned his head back.  “There is nothing to explain.  Hannah is an FBI agent, and she joined our team.  Dean took an immediate disliking to her.”
“I’ve been right here.”
“I just wanted to let you know I’ll be sticking around.  I know Dean thought I’d be heading back to Sioux Falls once you got back to work, but with the boys being here and you two starting a family, my place is here.”
“Why the delay?” asked Victor.
“I’m not whining old man.”
“I don’t believe that for a second.  I know you like it when I get like this.”  With another smack, this time to Cas’s ass, Dean groaned and walked to the other side of the building.  “Avoiding me only proves my point,” smirked Cas.
“Since you pointed it out, why don’t you shower before we eat? Can’t say I want to smell the mixture of whiskey, vomit and sweat while I eat.” Jody kept her eyes trained on Dean as he forced himself to stand. They remained on the hunter as he sloughed down the hall. “Jody, I think you can stop watching now. I made it all on my own,” said Dean with frustration and a hint of mirth. The answering, “I’ll get breakfast going,” and the sight of his duffle bag on the bathroom floor made him smile faintly. The shower felt fantastic on his aching muscles and pounding head. He remained under the steady stream until the water ran cold.
