Sarah looks shocked at the scene, pulling back.
FROM : Mary
Sherlock is surfing the web, tapping his feet nervously.
‘..Sherlock used to go to Victor’s house during the weekends..one day his father found a pocket of drugs in his son’s room...despite it was Sherlock’s, Victor took the blame for it. Victor’s father was a respectable man, and he couldn’t stand that his son could take drugs, and that was the moment he decided to split them. Victor left London 3 days later, came back to France, and that was the moment their friendship ended. Over the years Victor has always sent many letters and birthday greetings to Sherlock,..but they never saw each other,..until now’.
TO : Lestrade
"I made a mistake sorry...sorry Greg, I shouldn't be here..I didn't have to ask you for help."
‘Guys, plea-‘
‘I thought he quitted’ Greg comments, looking at him, John simply stares at him not answering.
‘No!’
‘I don’t know. That’s your business. You two know what you went through. So, I think…. uh, ask him to have a private moment and then tell him what you need to tell him.’
“yes,....Greg...I’m worried. I’m worried she knows something, that she’s hiding me something I don’t know.."
FROM : Mycroft
Greg and John sit on the sofa. Both feel a bit awkward, glancing round the room. Occasionally their eyes meet and the pupils rush away from one another. After a long while Greg sighs loudly, his gaze focusing instead on the carpet.
Greg remains silent for few moments before saying, ‘I think we should leave….’ He gives a sweeping hand gesture to the building, ‘I mean we know where he’s at. I’ll call him tomorrow morning.’
‘I’m perfectly fine!’
If not at Rockets, at least Baker Street.
Lestrade turns back towards his monitor, stifling a giggle.
John watches the scene.
‘Hey’
The crowd, including Greg, howl with laughter.
TO: JOHN
‘Yes, sure’
‘Of course. He pretends he doesn’t care’
The tv is on:
‘Put the hands on your hair, cherì’ ‘oohhh, that’s sexy’ ‘ Turn left now…no, no like that, I want half of your profile,…yes, don’t move’
Mrs Hudson ‘Take a slice, dear’
From: Victor
Molly clapping furiously, ‘Oh,wow! That was beautiful!’
‘Heh hey, must be Greg!’ John comments nervously, shoving his hand in his pocket:
‘A bit, yes, he was a bit shocked, but this morning he felt better—‘
‘No, it’s just that…’
John looks at Sherlock, not understanding, ‘Money?’
Victor “why?...why me, Sherlock? what have I done to deserve this?"
The door is closed.
‘Nothing, but I’ve never see him before! And suddenly Sherlock has a new friend, I mean it’s weird!’
The man stops. The mysterious menace turns, staring at John. John replies in kind, though his expression was far livider.
Mycroft answers rapidly ‘It’s still not clear’
‘Perfect’
The man turns towards to them as, Sherlock starts kissing John’s neck. He licks a stripe along his throat, and reaches down with a hand to John’s ass, wrapping the other one around his waist.
‘How did you find him?’
Sherlock says to him with a small smile, ‘Will do.’
Sherlock ‘Of course he was sent by someone else! Moran would never drive a car, risking to be caught by the CCTV, somebody promised him a good amount of money, his family mustn’t earn much money since his brother death, so he accepted.’ Sherlock goes toward the office door, going away.
John starts shaking, finally listening to the truth in front of him, not answering.
‘What? No! My marriage is the problem? Is it Mary?’
‘Moran already knew you weren’t really dead before you came back here, right?’
‘Nice.’
‘A couple of days ago….’
Mycroft stares with a curious frown. He probes, ‘Were my pajamas not better than this?’
"No!"
From : Greg
‘Do you?’
John grins, ‘Yes, of course dear.’
To: Sherlock Holmes
Molly, Sherlock, John and Greg chat sitting at the table in the left corner of the room, the atmosphere is warm and pleasant.
TO: JOHN
Greg, Sherlock, John and Molly are having a night out at the pub. During the dinner, there are flashbacks about the week Sherlock passed during John's absence. As usual, to listen to the songs ---> right click and 'open in a new window'.
‘Oh, right. Sorry. Tanaka! TA-NA-KA’
Mycroft nods a bit ‘...Maybe?’
‘That means you should stop publishing your wedding album on it.’
look on his face.
‘….you know it’s not that easy to be Sherlock’s friend,…sometimes this seems to be the only way to really understand him and getting to know him’
‘Things are becoming clearer now.’
“It was for your safety”
Sherlock keeps his elbow on his knees, his right hand tucked into his curly hair. ‘No…no, we should meet Lestrade first,’ he murmured almost laboriously.
‘I can’t wait to see who’s going to play you two’ pointing at Sherlock and John
‘So, how was the Tv Show? Did you like it?’
‘Well, you surprise me, Mr Holmes, I can’t believe you could be that deep’
‘Do you know Woodley?’ Sherlock demands, hands clenching in anticipation of reading the letters contents.
‘I’ll tell you - he overdosed! And who was there with him?’ John bitterly bites.
He’s feeling better, he just needs to sleep. He’ll be fine tomorrow
John looks through all the photos, baffled.
John jumps out the chair, hold on to anger, tremor in his left hand. Sherlock turns the phone off, taking a long breath, looking at John dejected.
‘Oh, no - John, don’t-‘
Sherlock smiles and nods, his lids half drawn.
He quickly puts the violin down on the sofa, and runs down the stairs.
‘Can I take a photo of you all?’
“Do you remember what the priest said?” Sherlock breaks the silence.
Tell him he should come home at once.
‘Really Tonight?’
‘He didn’t put me on anything, he just recommended an excellent doctor. I put on bit of weight last winter and I’m trying to get rid of it. I’m getting into jogging these days too, you know.’
“You don’t need me to solve this case." John takes his jacket, but Sherlock grabs his arm.
‘Put the shirt on.’
'Yes'
‘Mustard and white wine braised chicken’
‘Are you alright?’ Greg eyes Sherlock with genuine concern.
Why are you sending me photos of Detective Inspector Lestrade?
‘Not about him, about me…she said it was our honeymoon and I was constantly sad and worried, and that I hadn’t to act like that. But I couldn’t, how could I relax and ejoy it thinking about what happened to Sherlock the night before? And if I hadn’t taken that taxi….’ He takes a long breath, looking through the cab window.
‘Ohhhhh sure. He was tall, very tall,…..’ glanced appraisingly at Sherlock.
‘You have mistaken the heroin with cocaine,….that’s what happened, that’s why you overdosed…..’ ‘…but you took them on purpose, didn’t you? And somebody from the Rockets club gave it to you……who?’
‘Thanks’ he lets the smoke out and place his two right fingers with the cigarette near the temple, thinking
"Why you accepted to see me?"
‘Ooohhh’ John huffs out in relief.
‘Yes.’
‘A Provencal tuna sandwich, with tomatoes, scallions, mustard, boiled eggs, black pepper…it’s a bomb food, but it’s really good….I can make a Frisée salad, if you want something lighter’
‘Yes, it was great, and the landscapes are beautiful, there are colors you are never able to see here’
‘I was so obsessed with writing and poetry, I….’ cracking a laugh ‘I was so…..young, and optimistic, didn’t it bother you?’
They all start looking for the book.
Mycroft goes toward the bedroom, briefly sparing John a glance. He asks, ‘Where is Greg?’
‘You know, we should invite Sherlock for dinner at our place.’ John says.
‘It’s okay. It’s...good.’
John looks at Sherlock astonished, then gives a fake laugh, ‘Sherlock… are you serious?’
‘I’ll wash it properly later.’ Mycroft gently says to himself more than to his brother whose eyes drifted closed and head tilted to the side.
He gets toward the bookstand, taking a long breath, coughing and arranging the microphone. “Thanks, Mark. Thanks to all of you,..my students. Thanks for all the things you’ve taught me, thanks for your support and your help.”
"What do you like about Watson's wife?"
Sherlock still looks confused as he stands up reluctantly.
"That was your fault" Mary appears in front of Sherlock, pointing a gun at him.
Mycroft leafs slowly some pages..’So...Trevor,...Victor’ Looking at John ‘Born in Rouen, 1976...He arrived in London 5 months ago, to open a winery in Soho. He moved definitively 3 months ago, when he got a job as teacher at the UCL in London...he was seen at Sherlock’s house one month ago, at about 11 pm, he left after an hour. After that day, him and Sherlock regularly met everyday, night and day. They spent their first night out three weeks ago, with some old friends of both....as you can see here, at the Cookhouse Joe’ Mycroft shows to John some photos of Sherlock in a pub next to Victor.
‘...You don’t know anything? Gregson...the message he sent you last night, he called me, I arrived here with the first flight’
‘How many memories....’
“Mary and Sally...Mary brought the photos to Sally and she called Gregson, and I took the first flight to London"
Art is by Peter P. Plasencia - The Man Who Invented the Future (Franz Born's biography of Jules Verne), 1964.
‘Okay, okay…. we’ll decide later.’ John looks back at Mycroft ‘Don’t worry.’
‘Do you think Woodley lied, when he said Adair was going to meet Moran?’
‘And fire the rest of them’ Sherlock stands up and drops the phone into his pocket.
John gasps, fuming.
John studies the outside of the building; he sees a light flick on from an upstairs window, then turns back to Greg. ‘Okay…it’s definitely time to go now.’
Mrs. Hudson, going toward the stairs “Do you want to read the book, too?"
‘He didn’t want to kill me. He wanted to warn me and anyway the mines were put before I came back in Baker Street.’
“Hm?”
‘Hello’ John stands up and goes toward her for a kiss.
‘So…backing to the case…we need to look for these new surgeons names right?’
(4:33 pm)
‘Because she found out he had a lover’
‘What do you mean?’
‘Sherlock?’
'Why are you going to a gay club?' Molly pipes in.
‘How’s Mrs. Hudson? She was a bit shocked yesterday.’
‘Stay here in case Mycroft needs anything.’
He closes his phone, takes a long breath...then takes his phone again, calling Molly. She doesn’t answer.
‘Mycroft, why go out of your way to come see me? I’ve  told you I’m not on drugs. Now, go away, goodbye.’ With that, Sherlock flops back into the cushions, and feigns sleep.
Until Sherlock takes back the microphone :
‘Do you mean that you didn’t like it? You weren’t obliged to do it’
‘Because….it was about a period we both didn’t enjoy…’
Woodley straightens up, his nostrils flare, as he takes a sharp inhale, ‘He…uh…we. We were friends.’
‘Excuse me? I don’t understand..’ Mary replies, a bit worried, turning toward John.
Sherlock ‘A sexually frustrated 40 years old man who had a trauma in his childhood because he couldn’t face his sexuality due to his father's authority. It has nothing to do with the age’
(4:22 pm)
‘What suit?’
“How’s going?” Victor whispers with a warm smile for his students.
‘Shhhh...it’s nothing’ John whispers, and Sherlocks' attempt at protest ceases.
‘No…I mean…then I walked upstairs..’
“No!”
Sherlock takes the moleskine on the other pillow with his right arm, and leafs some pages, in his bed, reading
Greg is still clapping when they pull up to him ‘Guys, we should do this every weekend!’ he says with conviction.
“Even you didn’t know what the hell we had become anymore"
When they walk in, Sherlock goes outside the room, on the balcony, turning left. He looks at the picture on the wall of Tiger Jack. John walks out, looking at Sherlock ‘Fingers crossed.’ he comments, looking nervously at the picture on the wall. Sherlock slowly takes the picture away from the wall, suddenly a sheet falls on the floor. John and Sherlock look simultaneously at each other, giggling.
John makes a beeline through the policemen, straight towards Sherlock and Lestrade, slamming the door behind him.
‘Telling you that…you’ll come with me?’
‘You’re smart’ He comments smirking at her.
‘I’ll help you!’ Molly stands up and goes in the kitchen with Mary.
Barman : ‘I lost count,’ he shrugs and walks to another customer excitedly flagging him down.
Greg looks astonished, not knowing how to answer ‘….how…did I have to kidnap him?!?’
No, I want chocolate biscuits
‘Good Morning Mrs. Hudson.’
Sherlock shoves his mouth against John’s neck, still singing at an embarrassing volume.
Sherlock huffed a laugh in reply.
‘Oh Jesus! We…we’re drinking fuck…I mean, fucking drunk’ dragging his hand down his face.
Mycroft doesn’t reply, smiling back at John.“Sherlock went to Sarah’s family...”
At the nuzzle Sherlock eyes go wide, and he stammers out quietly, ‘we…uh. We sh-should go now John.’
‘No’ letting the smoke out
FROM : John
Victor quickly changes subject 'Can I have another whisk?'
John starts laughing hysterically ‘a door,’ he giggles while leaning against the remarkably unremarkable door.
"You can go with Mary. Or Lestrade."
“John!! I can explain...”
John: ‘But Why Russian? What this has to do with the case? Wasn’t it about Victor? I thought I understood something about it, now I’m getting lost again’
Silence arises.
It's Greg's birthday, and his friends are organising a surprise party for him. But John doesn't know that Sherlock will arrive with a special 'guest'.
‘That alarm system is totally safe and it’s 100% good for you, and I already told you that you can manage it as you wish, turn that off every time you want, unless when you’re out and when you sleep, at least.’
‘Are...are you okay?’
‘I bet you didn’t even talk about that.‘
John turns toward Victor, furious 'Do you think that this man is 62???? That his name is Gavin????'
‘No, waste of time. So, how does it work?’
‘WHAT WERE THEY DOING IN SHERLOCK’S BEDROOM???? GREG??????????’
‘A case’
‘How does he feel?’ looking at Greg
‘Sherlock…?’
‘In part – yes! It is.’
‘Yes!!’
‘The Johnny Rocket’s owner.’
Mary cracks a laugh ‘Oh no worries Sherlock, I’m a secret informer, I work for Secret Services, too.’
John peers at the book, leafing briefly some pages “I don’t think this is the kind of stuff Sherlock would read, honestly"
‘What are you doing?’ smiling, touching Sherlock’s chest
John moves nervously his hands ‘Yes…right Come on now. He’s waiting for us. He’s probably already gone,’ John looks out the window down the street. Greg shoulders his jacket, and they both walk out the front of the station.
Lestrade probes.
‘Okay…’ ‘….alright…’
Mycroft nods.
“Yes but...tea first, thanks”
FROM: LESTRADE
‘Is...Mycroft here?’
A puzzled look flashes quickly across Sherlock face, before being wiped clean into his usual mask of haughtiness.
Two….
‘No. Perhaps? This man brought him to the killer. Maybe he knows nothing of it. I think this one will be useful, but I need you and Lestrade to meet him straight away.’
‘Okay…nice to know some things never change.’ John sits down on the arm of sofa near his head. ‘Sherlock?’ he says in a low voice.
Everyone starts giggling, as the reporter starts interviewing her.
Sherlock: ‘Well, it seems you all know him well’
TO : Greg
‘Who’s that?’
To : John
'You two pretend to be colleagues or something, but I know you FUCK each other senseless. HAHA! You thought I didn’t know, but I do!’
‘Yes.’
Weren't you the one who tried to hurt me with goodbye,
John looks at his phone and frowns in confusion.
John narrows his eyes, pouting with his mouth, thinking.
‘Where’s him??’ Mycroft asks, his voice’s tone stern.
"Oh my God" John answers softly, his voice full of horror.
'What?'
Mary walks in silently, sitting on the chair in front of him.
John turns to him, quite surprised, answering irritated “no,...for once in my life no! i’m not thinking about victor and sherlock"
Check if there are Oreos
‘A…man?’
John tucks into his steaming plate with glee, and rehashes what he knows at Sherlock, with a mouthful of something he can’t pronounce.
‘Well, he was honest with you, at least’ Greg comments
Suddenly, his phone rings.
‘This morning’
‘Will you be home late?’
‘I think it was...predetermined’
Greg is walking through the supermarket when an assistant stops him with a chirpy ‘Hello!’
‘How many cameras did you have? I remember your desk was full of them…’
Sherlock blanks his face, but doesn’t reply. John closes his eyes, leans up, and onto his toes to rub his nose across Sherlock’s cheek.
‘She still hasn't forgiven you for the honeymoon’
‘Well, looks like your fan forgot that you eat eggs for breakfast’ John comments sarcastically at Sherlock with a tight smile.
‘I mean, I must talk to him anyway about the other things…’
John shakes his head, nervously ‘I can’t believe that…he’s doing all this,….with him…with this…man. I can’t believe it. And things are getting worse, because I don’t know what’s going on in his life and he doesn’t want to tell me. Victor Trevor is keeping us distant.’
Silent.
John stands up shouts, ‘GREG! LOOK FOR THE MEDICAL BOOK!’
Mary rises her eyebrow, not understanding, still pointing the gun at him.
Mycroft looks at Sherlock, who seems reluctant to talk, and answers to John ‘Because you want to know too much’ Mycroft answers, smiling at John.
‘Woman you mean’ Sherlock replies with a smirk.
Sherlock cracks a laugh, putting his right arm on the car window, his right finger rubbing his mouth
They leave the club together, Greg hails them a cab, steps in, and John helps a stumbling Sherlock get in the back.
FROM : MH
Anderson, trying to ease the situation ‘Ehi! Let's sing the Stevie Wonder song all together’ starting playing awfully the guitar 'HAAAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUU'
‘Good, FINALLY!’
‘Grant Lestrudel’ Sherlock comments
'You know what's strange about this story?'
‘Ahhhhhhh why did you become so puritan all in once???’
‘I improved’
'Pardon me?'
‘I also think you should forgive him’
‘When did he arrive?’ Mycroft asks, impatiently tapping his polished shoes.
He stands, astonished, with wide eyes. Gaping, he splutters clumsily, ‘y-y, you?’
Woodley turns from the sea of bottles to the melodic and gravelly-voiced Sherlock.
‘Take my pants off’ Sherlock stares at him seriously while he slowly goes down on him and starts unbuttoning his trousers slipping and throwing them on the floor
‘No, why are you so worried about it?’
‘He wants to be updated about us.’ Mycroft smiles sarcastically.
He didn't move out then..
“It’s fine, no problem...you can stay as much as you want.”
TO : JOHN
‘He was smart?’ Sherlock replies sarcastically.
‘What?’
‘Well,..it’s chocolate..’ John comments, pointing at it with the teaspoon and looking at it while eating ‘and then there’s a nut of white chocolate inside, and then on the top is covered with coconut and mint’
‘Do you think Mary did it?’
Got it?"
‘Where are your slacks?’ Mycroft stormily huffs, slamming the drawer shut. Frustrated, he marched from the bedroom to the kitchen, taking up his phone which he has earlier discarded atop the dining table.
‘Sherlock never grew up, John. There’s always a part of him who’s a child, and there'll always be. The child who hadn’t the chance to enjoy his childhood and who sees in his brother the cause of his unhappy adolescence.’
‘How does Sherlock feel?’
John is in the kitchen, alone. The tv is on. He opens the fridge, taking a beer.
FROM: VICTOR
John blushes a bit and smiles.
‘What do you mean?’
‘Don’t write about the honeymoon on your blog’ Mary comments, angrily, from the bedroom.
‘It’s a home security system and you can easily manage it by your computer. It’s totally safe and you can turn it on every time you want.’
‘Mmmm,’ Sherlock nods.
‘Oh my god…this is beautiful, I want to buy them, too’
‘Mmm…’
‘No, Mycroft, he can’t stand up, and take a car at the moment. He has fever, and he’s totally stressed out. I’ll be here with him. I’m a doctor remember. I’ll call you if there’s any emergency, alright?’
‘The Grapes?’
Correct: My feelings were really hurt by our fight. I don’t know where to start, but I think saying sorry is a good idea.
TO : John
‘Good Morning!’
“Sure..” Greg crosses his arms.
‘Sher- Jesus christ’ he opens the living room door and finds Sherlock lying on the floor, in a pool of blood and vomit. His face lies still with his mouth wide open. John runs to Sherlock’s fallen body, bending down, he puts two fingers on his neck to check for a pulse. Thankfully, he finds one, and Sherlock stirs a bit.
‘Oh shut up!’
‘Mmmm…..vegetable ragout with Pest’
Two policemen block him, grabbing him by the arms, Victor sits down again ‘Sherlock, what am I doing here?? Please, tell them, tell them I have nothing to do with Moran, Jesus Christ, I was at university, everyone saw you arrested me, you can’t treat me like that’
‘Why?’
Sherlock finally takes stock of his transport and quickly scans down to his right leg. The bleeding is heavy, he sighs ‘Jesus.’
‘I should have known it. You had to take a week of relax because John was away and you took me, and now that you don’t need me anymore you’re just throwing me away’
Again, a tense silence overpowers their voices. Eventually, Sherlock murmurs, ‘About what?’
John huffs out, annoyed, rubbing his eyes ‘Why did you show me all...this, Mycroft?’
‘Follow me boys. I’ll show you up to the room, N5’
‘What do you want?’
Dinner? Come home, I’ll prepare something special just for you tonight.
To : John
John looks at Sherlock confused, interrupting him ‘What? Wait wait, ok, you’ll tell me everything once we’ll get there’ John grabs Sherlock by his coat, bringing him outside the park.
“He told you so?”
TO: LESTRADE
‘He hasn’t changed a lot, has he?’
‘Like teenagers do?’
“Oh no!!! it’s not!!! I don’t know who my wife is!! You know where is she now?? I don’t know! I don’t know it! She told me Russia! For the case! I hate her! I FUCKING HATE HER!! WHY THE HELL DID YOU JUMP OFF THAT FUCKING BUILDING???? WHY???" John kicks a chair with his leg, shouting and going around the room, nervously.
FROM : MH
TO: JOHN
‘Do it, punch him in the face, shout, cry, but DO SOMETHING John! Sherlock has been back for close to five months now, and you still haven’t talked to him about this. We’ve been out together, with Mary, Molly, he even went to Anderson’s birthday just to see you and be near you! I mean, he just spent the whole evening with that frozen smile of his, staring at you and waiting for something.’
Do something useful: call Lestrade, wake him up, and tell him to meet us at Tonkotsu Bar in 10 minutes.
"Let me finish-"
"So what"
'I can't fucking eat with these sticks'
"I was trying to change my life! Just like you! You came back so sure about John's intentions, you thought he was ready to come back to you, you were disillusioned. It didn't happen, and Victor was an excuse to show him you're capable of love!"
‘I don’t think John likes me. He always looks at me with that angry face, like he’s going to punch me in the face’
But is cut off as Greg arrives, grabs his phone out of John’s hand and shouts, ‘What in the hell are you two doing?’
John’s eyes narrow, Greg finds a glass, fills it, and runs back toward Mycroft, splashing water all over the floor ‘I’m gonna save you, Myke, I’m gonna do it’ bending over him.
A strong wind prowls about outside, knocking on doors and shaking weakened window frames, but the crackling fire warms the living room. Sherlock stands stout, his dressing gown laced about his waist. He clutches his violin, gazing at the frosted glass of the window. Ignoring the setting beyond, neglecting to recognise his reflection, Sherlock stares unseeing.
‘Three continents Watson’ Sherlock comments with his head down, still talking on his mobile.
‘What?’
‘Well, a lot of things!’
Anderson ‘His English is good!’, still playing with the guitar. Mycroft looks at him peeved, the guitar headstock almost next to his face.
Sherlock and John are quickly walking toward the hotel main’s door.
Sherlock stands up, going toward the door “thank you for everything, keep us in contact and call me whenever she calls or if you know something new about her"
“Are you doubting me?"
‘Molly!’ She hugs her tightly.
‘I’ll be sure to bring the camera!’ The two share a hearty laugh while watching Sherlock walk triumphantly back over to their table.
‘Not right now. Too early. Go get married first.’
TO: SHERLOCK
‘Do you really want to sleep here on the sofa?’
TO : JW;GL
‘Are you okay?‘
‘But this man found him, killed him, and he took the evidence.’
‘I don’t know’ Sherlock goes toward the tray and starts opening it.
Mycroft walks toward the bookshelf, looking at the book 'The Little Prince', a sad smile appears on his face ‘Sometimes I can see the anger in his eyes, maybe he thinks I don’t know what he went through,...that’s another reason why he’s always so vicious to me. Mycroft, the older brother who was lucky enough to grew up away from home and take a respectable job, always far away from problems, responsibilities, and traumas, who hadn’t any kind of troubles, ....that’s who I am for my brother.’
‘It doesn’t matter.’ John turns his head to align his lips up with Sherlock’s. They share a breath, Sherlock shifts his weight nervously, as a shiver runs down his spine. He closes his eyes to regain some semblance of control. ‘John.’
‘I forgot everyone assumed we were a couple’ John chuckled, gleefully.
‘Movies?’
FROM : Mycroft
‘Yes…sure. Where’s Greg?’Sherlock asks and she plops down.
John ‘We don’t hate him...’
John: ‘Ok!’ winking.
‘He didn’t?’
Greg “I just asked him some questions, since inspector Gregson told me he had contacts with Moran"
Sherlock laughs, singing
John laughs again, ‘what? No, no, that part was mine! I had to sing it! You left me!’
‘Yes’
‘What?’
‘I haven’t read them yet, to be honest, are they so different from the cases?’ Greg asks curiously
3 : 20 am
Sherlock turns toward him
‘and you arrived, and a dog attacked you and then you met Mrs Hudson.’
‘I was at the karaoke pub! I thought something terrible happened! This man said his name was Alarm something, I can’t remember, my mind is making bad jokes lately…but I don’t know who’s this man’
A piano is playing, spreading the music out the window, down the street. An attic with an opened window shows the profile of a man playing it. At the window, Brando the dog is half asleep, watching people walking down the street with his head leaned on the window sill. He looks bored. Behind him, Victor is playing music, smoking a pipe, and randomly correcting the notes on the piano sheet.
‘Well, what we have here...’ Another aged woman, short and chubby walks with an Austrial Silky Terrier ‘ Mmmm....too short, nope’ ‘Oh oh....’ He comments amused ‘look at that one’ Another woman, tall, elegant, with a big hat, a mini dress and a red clutch, walks with an Irish water Spaniel ‘Mmm..perhaps too fancy’. A little girl walks eating a cupcake with her baby dog ‘Too young...’ Sherlock comments.
FROM : JOHN
Victor walks in, still upset, swallowing nervously “Molly...this is a copy of the voice mail” He hands her a usb.
From: Mycroft
I suggest to listen to the songs I give during the reading, it's helpful to understand the scene better, don't forget this: to listen to the song you should click with the right button and click on 'open link in a new window'. Enjoy it! :)
A moment of silence, Sherlock looks at Victor, glass on his hand “....well, you can try get into another university"
'He's a bit...dandy'
‘Oh, they’re just gossiping now!’ Greg shouts again.
John shuts the door behind him. Greg stands in silence.
‘That’s why!’ He shouts, pointing at him, ‘For what’s happened, happening and because you’ve changed!’
‘There’s been a murder’ Lestrade continues, sitting back down.
‘Did she…complain about him?’
Sherlock merely nods again, tugs on his shirt and adjusts cuffs which don’t need adjusting, as he walks casually over to the side bar where Woodley’s working.
‘I told you to bring the cake. And you arrived with two bags and…your..’
‘Hey’ Lestrade quips, while standing near his desk, looking at some sheets of paper.
“I don’t. If God knew and saw who killed Sarah...why he didn’t protect her?” He slowly turns to look at her. Mary swallows nervously. “If he really knew..if he really knew about Victor, why he did nothing? That’s why I never believed. God is a concept by which we measure our pain. If he really exists..then he also knows who has killed Sarah and Victor. He also knows that we had to stay right here today, in this car, behind Victor's coffin, he knew we belonged here...”
‘That’s utterly ridiculous.’  Sherlock laughs, haughtily.
'We're coming!' both Molly and Mary with a fake smile from ear to ear
‘Kind of…no, anyway, what’s going on? What happened?’
‘Thanks’
"He's in London, he's always been. Tonight he is going to the Sherlock tv awards..."
‘Tonight.’
‘Not yet, I’ve been busy lately’
‘I’m fine, John.’
John smiles widely at the clearly wasted detective, ‘This night’s going much better than I expected.’
John doesn’t reply.
‘So, you wanted to wait because, of anger?’
‘I thought he was working on the case, and that’s why he didn’t come.’
'......And then I decided it was the moment to tell the truth. I talked to Greg that night, telling him everything about us. About me and Sherlock....'
Sherlock glides in, he jumps up and down, peeks through the curtains, lies down the floor, slides the mattress out of place, and then stalks over into the bathroom.
‘SHERLOCK!’ John points excitedly at a stall door inside the room.
‘Sherlock ken?’
‘W---What are you doing?’
Sherlock stands stock still, his arms hanging limply at his sides. ‘W….wh…’ he mutters.
‘Lestrade!’ he shouts over the din.
Greg enters the bathroom, and strides quickly pass the giggling flat-mates, towards the sink and John slips into the stall.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, but his hands fly up to his face again.
‘Maybe they sorted it out when he got back last night?’ John smiles nervously.
‘yes’ he laughs
‘My photo? On facebook? Why?’
Sherlock stares at the sheet, thinking.
‘No April raaaaain
‘Gregson, the inspector. Lestrade is in Paris for holidays and he’s replacing him. He called me for an urgent case, something they couldn’t figure out, I solved it in a couple of hours. Simple, predictable’ He’s going to drink the tea when he suddenly remembers another comment ‘almost boring.’ ‘Really?’ Victor answers smiling, not surprised at all. He takes the laptop and brings it on the sofa, putting it on his knees, surfing the web ‘And what was it about?’
‘If you need anything you can call me.’
‘Yes, Sherlock that’s lovely- thank you’ she smiles appreciatively.
He starts pressing ….. 06, 01, 77.
John “I’m not used to such brotherly love, are you feeling well Mycroft?”
The rain is hitting the window, leaning against the glass and slowly falling down.
JL : Yeah, all my friends have said the same thing. It was so sudden, everyone loved him….and I miss him already.
The doorbell rings, interrupting their banter. Mary walks out the bedroom putting on earrings, and answers it.
So you didn’t talk to him about..last night?
“Make yourself at home, Mycroft..I’m your landlady!”
‘Sherlock!!!Sherlock!!!’  Everyone Looks up in confusion, their eyes tracing the source of commotion.
FROM: John
‘We could…invite Greg, too.’
Sherlock is buttoning his coat, as they leave Scotland Yard. ‘I need that list, I need it now!’
Mary shows some photos on the desk. It's Victor with Adair and another unknown man.
Mycroft peers at Sherlock, ‘Since this house has been attacked with several mines that have destroyed the whole floor and you don’t care for who could have been, I’ve decided to take the case and solve it myself.’
Mycroft“I’ll take care of my hosts, Mrs. Hudson. I know how to prepare tea.”
‘Did you hear me?’
FROM: JOHN
Sherlock stands in silence for a while, ends the call, gets up, and glides toward the window.
You answered 45 seconds after my first message, you’re checking your phone because you’re exceptionally bored. Plus you were invited, but couldn’t come. Which is why you want to know what we’re doing- you’re too arrogant to ask, and you’d like to be here right now, in my place. So stop pretending you don’t care.
Sherlock ignores the many protests, takes John’s hand and drags him across the floor, and up to the stage.
‘Thank you!’
John shakes his head, laughing ‘Well, I don’t know if I’m going to watch it, you know, I’m not such a narcissist, watching me and Sherlock solving cases together and....doing...things, together, I could even miss the good old days.’
Sherlock starts imitating John in a mocking tone
A bevy of police cars are outside Baker Street, along with Emergency Medical Services, and Bomb Squads. Lestrade pauses at the mess outside the living room door while listening to Mrs. Hudson.
‘Yes’ Mycroft replies firmly, ‘Your house is not safe at all, and you’re risking your life-’
‘Yes. We shared the same prison cell for a while, in Kent.’
To : John
John takes a piece of meat with the fork ‘If you want, go there and have a look.’ He chews the meat thoughtfully, takes a sip of wine, and says, ‘But I think, I’ll pass this time.’
John insists, whispering with a smile ‘Well, you can’t say no Mrs. Watson, because I already booked a flight’
‘……everyone?’
‘What does Sherlock think of them?’ Mrs. Hudson asks.
‘John, watch the road! Mary laughs.
To: Sherlock
“Yes but,..you can’t go on if you don’t tell me the truth first, we knew you resigned from your job at CIA before this case started, and you've lied all the time...why?"
'No, it's based on the cases but many things change, it's all set in the Victorian era, so many things are different from modern times. For example, Mycroft Holmes is very fat in Doyle stories'
“You’re so talented, Victor. Really. You know so much about art, and literature, and poetry. You never let yourself down and you always try to find a solution for everything...you can’t give up now.”
A few minutes later:
‘Yes, Sherlock, what’s so shocking about next week?’
They hug each other as they stand next to the window. The light rain outside turns into a thunderstorm, and suddenly the living room seems warmer and the sofa smaller than it ever was for both of them. They lie down all night and keep each other warm and safe: John feels Sherlock's soft curls under his chin, passing his hand through them, and slowly caressing Sherlock's cheek, feeling his tears falling down, whispering "it's okay, I'm here..I'm here Sherlock.", kissing him on the head. John feels Sherlock's hands around his waist and behind his back, the skinny and soft fingers shaking and slowly meeting his right hand. Their bodies are perfectly intertwined as they slowly fall asleep in tears and pain, still hearing the rain falling outside, until the first light of the morning shines through the window to wake them up.
John “Maybe she didn’t tell me because...she was hoping to come back-"
Molly takes her phone, then sees Sherlock taking his ‘Oh..’
He turns toward the kitchen and looks around.
door! Of course he was Sherlock! I would recognize him amongst millions of people.’
Sarah’s mother “yes, of course.."
When he’s taken a sufficient number of grainy photos, he pockets the phone, picks up two shots, and juts his chin out in a motion that encourages Sherlock and John to do the same. ‘Okay boys, down the hatch!’ He raises up the little glass with rum, gulps it down and quickly follows with the vodka. ‘Jesus,’ he coughs out, ‘smooth.’
‘I know, I’m quite good’ She replies while smiling.
He gives in and flops down unto the chair. Takes a breath to try and steady himself. He flips open a laptop, and waits for it to power on. In the meantime he reaches up to cover his eyes with both hands. Mrs. Hudson chooses that moment to walk in.
9:59 AM
‘Yes,…sure,…go’ Sherlock stands still for a while, staring at the floor, thinking, taking a long breath
He smiles at him, then kisses his ear and whispers ‘Ohh you’ve become so filthy, boy’
Sherlock cracks a laugh ‘and this should impress me?’
‘Bonne.’
Sherlock “I’ll do my best to bring your sister back home...hope to have news for you soon."
Everyone starts laughing again.
Sherlock grabs the door’s handle and glances back at him, ’12 hours.’
Sherlock suddenly snaps ‘I’ve had enough of this. I see I’m not welcome here. And neither is Victor….Get out’ looking at Victor, who follows him. Sherlock opens the door, shutting it behind them. The room is silent, everyone's watching Sherlock and Victor going away.
‘I told you’
John and Sherlock head immediately over to the front desk clerk. He’s a small, portly man who smiles at them effeminately.
‘I don’t know! I thought it was a present made by the fans who were outside.
Sherlock nods eating one and turns his gaze back to the TV.
‘Do you want to solve the case, too?’ He asks unmoving.
‘No, this must be placed there, right there.’ She fusses, pointing toward the kitchen. She complains, gesturing wildly with her hands, ‘What a mess!’
TO : MH
‘Yes, he came to Scotland Yard.’
Lestrade notices a tall figure with a strong gait, and a steady umbrella, ascending onto the landing. ‘Where’s Sherlock?’
‘Count to three and I’ll break you down’
‘I sleep naked.’
To : Sherlock
‘Somebody delivered breakfast and left a message for him,’ Mrs. Hudson quips to the reporter.
‘Yes!’ she laughs
Sherlock grunts, almost annoyed ‘Put some tongue in here’
‘Awww cute’ John comments, laughing sarcastically, sipping wine.
John stands still, astonished and embarrassed. Then he starts pouting, and looking to Lestrade to figure out what he should say.
Acknowledge the disturbance: I know I hurt your feeling when I said the salad was the worst, I’ve ever eaten.
I’m leaving London..see you in a couple of days.
TO : Sherlock
“I’m here because I want to tell you the truth. I want to help you with the case Greg. it's time now.”
‘We can’t wait days for a list, Inspector. Moran is in London, and he’s looking for me!’
To : Sherlock
Attached – photo
"No..." he cries "not him, please...please, no."
John struggles to climb the stairs, half-carrying Sherlock, whose got an arm slung loosely around John’s shoulder.
John: ‘No, come on,…I mean..that sometimes we need to let off some steam, and we don’t always know how to…tell things that happen to us, so....you could write them. It’s just an idea…'
Two cups of hot tea are one the table, John takes one: “This is sure better than Mycroft’s tea.." Sherlock laughs.
‘I’m here’
“Neither Sherlock knew it, Mycroft told him yesterday night. That’s why he doesn’t want to go on with the case.”
FROM: SHERLOCK
‘What? No! That’s worse! I’d rather be outside the pub, than go and knock at his door!’
‘Ohhh you’re versatile’ taking his underwear off ‘but do you know what it means?’
‘See you……tomorrow?’
‘My phone! It’s Myke! I can’t reach it!’
Why is Mycroft famous? What has he done? I'm the main character, not him.
Sherlock looks away, not knowing what to say, trying to comfort him "I..know, but-"
‘What?’ He turns toward Sherlock frowning.
Mycroft stretches out on the chair, getting his hands together, thinking ‘Well,...that’s debatable.’
'How the hell do you manage to...' trying to take another piece of sashimi.
‘…did you…go on with the case?’ John looks at Sherlock and glances down at the phone, Sherlock doesn’t reply, so he fakes a cough
Sherlock ‘Do you remember Tanaka’s message? Jack the Tiger?’
Mary: "If you take one more step I'll push the trigger and it could kill John, you'll regret it for the rest of your life, what do you think now, superhero? I think you would kill yourself right here if John died, wouldn't you?"
The minister munches, then he looks at Mycroft, swallowing
To : John
‘What time is your flight tomorrow?’ Molly asks Mary.
John doesn’t reply.
(louder) “No, you won’t.”
Sherlock puts the phone on the table and starts jumping around the living room, shouting excitedly, ‘Yes! Ha, ha! It’s Christmas!’ He quickly turns the computer on, rubbing his hands. The workmen look at him, confused, whilst continuing to bring more boxes into the living room. He sits in front of the computer. A member of the staff walks toward him with a small box and a sheet on his hands. ‘Mr Holmes, this is for you.’ Sherlock looks at him and takes the box, opening the pack. A small alarm system router is inside. He takes up the sheet and reads it:
Sherlock coughs more, sipping more beer
John moves back to their vantage point at the door, whereupon he sees Sherlock walking out from the toilet, tottering toward the table, and flopping into his chair. Sherlock picks up his drink, everyone at the table is laughing, and the man next to him puts a hand on his back and leans in confidently to whisper smiling words at Sherlock. Sherlock seems drunk as he looks back at the man, and cracks a lopsided smile.
‘What?’
‘Yes…I quite like it.’
Patricia stops Mrs. Hudson, walking in. "I'm Daniel's mother."
Victor walks in shyly, smiling in embarrassement with scared eyes, everyone staring at him. 'Hi, I'm Mary' Mary goes toward Victor, breaking the ice 'The kitchen is right there, if you need anything just ask'
‘I drew it’ he smiles looking at him ‘everything you see has been thought by me, I’ve put so much on this project, I haven’t been sleeping for months,…and now that I can actually see it….I…I’m so happy, I mean,..this is always been my dream’
‘Yes’ he draws out and forces a smile, while sneaking a glimpse of her phone.
‘it’s nice, you should,….’
‘Well, we should at least try to convince him.’
Greg gives a quick look to John, who rises his eyebrows, annoyed.
John shakes his head 'I don't think' pouring beer in both glasses.
John is in the flat, looking around, walking through the living room, confused. Mrs Hudson is standing by the dining table, she looks at John with concern, who holds his phone and tries to call Sherlock. He doesn't answer.
‘He probably didn’t offer him enough cash.’
‘He’s upstairs,’ one of them gestures with a large wrench.
Sherlock comes back toward him, on the sofa
Mary looks at him, shocked.“Ok,...fine...it’s over then? You don’t even want to know my reasons”
John tries to convince him “Listen. I talked to Mycroft last night. He knows everything about Victor, he’s spying on him since the beginning.” They get close to the bar, John lowers his voice, almost whispering “Do you think he didn’t know that Victor met Adair and Moran friends before coming to London?!"
John fakes an angry face, and starts ticking her ‘Don’t you dare—‘ Mary starts laughing.
TO : John
TO: SHERLOCK
‘What a cold night!’
'I've never been there but....I've always thought it's one of the most beautiful cities.'
He looks at him a bit confused ‘Really?’
FROM : Greg
(4:07 pm)
He takes a long breath ‘o—okay,..ehm…here?’
‘What?’
FROM: Myke
“Oh, for fuck's sake, you two are leaving me alone in this case just because you don’t talk to each other!”
The air is cold and damp, a light rain is falling down, touching Sherlock’s hair, who’s standing in front of Victor’s grave. He touches it with his left hand, thoughtful. He stands in silent for a while, shivering.
Lestrade sent me this photo yesterday..apparently signing autographs for your brother is his new job.
‘Don’t worry, I’ll wait for you’
TO : GL
Molly, shouting, hushing everyone: ‘Stoooooooooooooop!'.
‘Good.’
‘Good…Mycroft gave him some medicines that reduce the withdrawal symptoms, he felt a bit stoned because they’re quite strong, you know…. but he feels better now’
Sherlock doesn’t answer, but turns back and the two men head into the club again. They make their way into the Karaoke bar section, but the D.I. is nowhere in sight.
‘At 2 am?’
‘Why you all tell me the same things?!?!?! What did I have to do? Kidnap him??’
‘Sure,’ Sherlock shouts back, turns a corner and is gone.
‘Are you telling me you found the killer?’
Just turn around now, 'cause you're not welcome anymore,
He sighed, ‘where?’
‘Do you smoke?’ Greg asks surprised
‘No! Not now, John!’
‘Yes, I’m not happy thinking my fiancé likes to imagine he’s having sex with another man while we’re making love’
‘What is it about?’
‘Lower…wait…’
Sherlock drags John to the dance floor without needing further encouragement, and though he didn’t recognize the music playing his hips immediately started moving with it rhythmically as he walked onto the dance floor.
"You don’t need me in your life anymore.”
To : Mary
To: Mary
‘What?’ starting to lick and suck on Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock returns, looking at his phone.
"Yes, Greg. and it went wrong. Always...I am fine..probably I just need to be alone for a while. Sorry."
"He called me!" Daniel's mother sounds happy and smiling through the phone, excited to tell the news to Mary.
John stands still, in silent.
.’ Sherlock cracks a laugh.
‘Then what happens?’ Sweating more, his mouth almost dry.
‘I'm sorry?’ John shifts away from the enraged man.
‘Okay…okay, don’t get nervous, honey’
‘He doesn’t need people around him that treat him like a child, that’s not how friendship works.’ The man lowly expresses, ‘Next time I suggest you to do a little self-review. Just maybe you have something to do with this.’ As he turns away from John, he says, ‘You are right by the way. You don’t know me and that’s exactly why you are not allowed to make up false assumptions about my character.’ He leaves, following the breeze between the tunneled housing.
‘Sherlock!’ He takes Sherlock’s right arm, turning him back towards himself.
Greg huffs out, putting his fingers on his eyes
The doorbell rings.
‘Uh… well, she complained that he’s always busy, and they don’t have time for themselves. You know…’
He nods “are you going to stay with him?...tonight?........ok,....call me if something happens, ok?...thank you, bye." Sherlock turns the phone off and looks through the window: it starts raining again.
‘When? Why?’
‘Le- what?’
‘I’M LOOKING AS FAST AS I CAN MYCROFT!’
‘I mean…if you’re implying something I-‘
‘Wh...’ John’s face turns sour, confused ‘What do you mean? You let me grieve you for two years, I HAD to move on or I would have probably died’
Sherlock glances down, smiling, cheeks brewing with heat, ‘I won’t be finished until eight.’
Greg whispers, ‘The champagne!’
‘GREG!’ John shouts into the mobile.
‘Out’
Mary yawns, attempting to speak through the moan, ‘Did you two have another quarrel?’
"He even helped you." Sherlock repeats the child's words '
‘Fantastic!’ Sherlock answers sarcastically, then goes toward the bedroom. Mycroft rises his voice, looking toward the brother's bedroom ‘Are you having fun with him?....The toy boy that makes John jealous?’
‘Hey!’ John stops Sherlock in front of the office’s door, making weird head gestures. Sherlock frowns, not understanding.
‘I must stab him?’ shaking more.
John cracks another nervous laugh. ‘So….a …fffrench fan?’ he asks again, eyeing Sherlock warily.
‘I’m going downstairs, meet me later when you two sober up. You’re supposed to be on the job! Even though I’m off the clock, you two aren’t!’
‘Mmmmmmmm, I’m fine.’
‘Okay, okay, girls. Stop it now! I didn’t invite you here to talk about this.’
John puts his fingers on his eyes, stressed out, trying to stay calm and control himself ‘Forget about it Greg…really…it’s…finished anyway’
To : Sherlock
‘Inspector, take Mary’s example and teach your team how to work.’
He starts singing‘FIIIRST I WAS AFRAAAAAAAID I WAS PETRIFIEEEEEEEEED THINKING I COULD NEVER LIIIIIIIIIVEEEEE WITHOUT YOU BY MY SIIIIIIIIDEEEEEEEEEEEE’ . He comes back near the stereo and puts the music at the highest volume, then starts twirling and playing an air-guitar. AND SOOO YOU’RE BAAAAAAAAACK, FROM OUTERSPAAACEEEE Then takes a pen on the table and pretends it’s a microphone, dancing around the room singing.
‘No, John…I’m okay.’
‘Yes, I just…I’m fine,’ his rubs small circles over his temples, with his index fingers.
John is silent for a moment. He then realizes he’s holding his breath and huffs out loudly. He claps his hands together ‘So...I’ll just go get you that wet towel.’
Sherlock’s eyes fly open, and he takes a step back disengaging the two.
‘After that case I had several nightmares, I couldn’t sleep at night. I talked to Sherlock about it once, after a case…and one night he came into my room, and we slept together. Just…sleep, nothing else. He walked in my room, silently, with his pillow, lying next to me. He knew I couldn’t sleep, it was his way to..make me feel better. And it actually worked. Because I could sleep with him next to me. From that night, things started changing between us. He became something precious to me. It was a strange feeling,..but I knew it was something I never felt for other women. I stopped dating them. I felt good, I felt that I was…feeling happy with him, I didn’t need anything else. I wanted his head on my shoulder when we watched boring tv together, I needed his arms around mines when he curled up under the sheet hugging me in the night. I needed his shy smile when he said good morning to me, I just needed to have him by my side, knowing that he was with me and with nobody else. That was our small, stupid world nobody could touch. Until Reichenbach.’
John lowers his head, disheartened, then stands up going toward Mary, in their bedroom. ‘Mary, I was in shock, I found Sherlock half dead on the floor, you can’t blame him for what’s happening between us.’
“He’s ill..” Greg reveals, slowly.
“Hey” she whispers, smiling.
16 : 18
‘What?’
‘It was terrible, Greg, terrible. I didn’t enjoy a single moment and even if I tried to look happy she understood I didn’t want to be there and that I was at my worst. It was a bad moment for me to be on honeymoon, the first days Mary tried to comfort me, but then she started to get angry, I told her I couldn’t fake to be happy, we just took a bad moment! And she kept that angry look on her face the whole week, it was frustrating and terrible! Terrible'
Mycroft looks at him, not answering.
He puts his middle finger on Sherlock’s mouth who starts sucking it
the master at this.’
Sherlock’s confused, not understanding his brother’s intentions, frowning. "Is it about John?"
‘Ahhh you’re here again??? Why???’
From : John
Trevor turns, panting “...Mark..."
‘Probably,’ John sneers.
(4:30 pm)
Greg turns away, cheeks alight.
‘Sure’
‘The surgeon we’re looking for?’
FROM: LESTRADE
Sherlock ‘He will give part of Drebber’s money to a school music for children, they’ll play a concerto for him today'
‘Yes, okay.’
And I'll survive, I will survive,
‘Come on, do it for me, you’ll like it, and if you don’t, we’ll leave.’
‘When he got out of prison, he came to London straightaway. He told me he had to meet someone…a man...he had some evidences with which to accuse him'
‘Coming!!’ John runs after him, through the halls of Scotland Yard.
‘…and….what did you do this week?’
Outside it starts raining again.
‘What the doctor said?’
‘Why would Adair go to meet a man, who died two years ago? There’s not much sense in this. Do you think he used a fake name or something… something else? Probably Moran - he is likely the man the gang would be after, after Moriarty’s death.’
‘Cheers’ Sherlock utters before all three down the spicy liquid.
The room appears to be spinning, and his stomach lurches as he sits upright. He pauses for a moment, trying to work up the energy to stand and make his way to the bathroom which he desperately needs.
“Where are you going?”
Sherlock pouts, leafing through the moleskine pages, faking not to listen to Victor.
‘I don’t want this fucking responsibility!’
The queue of people waiting to enter in the club stretches around the block. John and Sherlock are to the door when John’s phone rings.
‘Nothing’ He keeps walking fast, limping a bit.
Molly tries to mumble some words. ‘Ah…yes, we…we already….met’
‘Don’t need to. He already knows it.’
‘We should have dinner together sometime soon.’
‘Or I’ll simply go and ask him, I’m getting really tired of this...comedy, Sherlock not telling me anything, you...all elusive about him..I’m done, sorry..bye’ John stands up, but suddenly Mycroft stops him.
While Greg is in the bathroom, washing his hands, he suddenly hears the sound of touched keys, then six bleep.
FROM : Mycroft
‘This song is lovely!!’ Molly comments, stepping a bit forward, near John and Greg’s seats.
From : Greg
“You should"
They struggle down the stairs and out the front door, dragging him into the car. Then Greg starts his car drives like a madman. John is in the back seat with Sherlock cradled in his arms.
He huffs, deafeningly barking, ‘What?’
Sherlock turns, a car is waiting near the street, ‘Ok….goodnight’. Smiling, he turns back, keeping his hands on coat’s pocket and walking away. They all say goodnight to him, while John peers at the car, slowly turning his head down, trying to see who’s inside. Sherlock opens the car door, the light turns on. John takes a long breath, mumbling some words, then the car leaves.
NO, NO, NO, NO, WAIT! What did you do last night? Everyone in the office watched that video!’
‘Right, because Sherlock will take to a weeks’ worth of relaxation without objection.’  Greg stumbles with a brief laugh.
‘Oh no, that won’t be necessary.’ He stuttered, trying to stumble away from her.
‘BUT THEN I SPENT SO MANY NIGHTS THINKING HOW YOU DID ME WRONG AND I GREWWW STROOONG.’
John turns back to say something, but she’s already gone, so he turns back, and opens a cupboard.
John is cleaning the dinner table.
There are chocolate cereals, too!
‘I was there!! In the bathroom!! And you locked me in this bloody house!’
‘I’m fine.’
TO : MH
She asked her why we broke up!!! She arrived at home angry as hell!!! I didn’t know what to say, then I told her the truth but she didn’t believe me.
‘I…I..’ John stutters and sighs.
John approaches the chair near Sherlock, smirking, ‘I remember Sinatra sang like that.’
Greg smiles back ‘Goodnight John'
‘I…nothing…I said nothing..’
‘Yes, but…' Greg looks back ‘We should wait for some people to walk by so that we can follow them, and hide in the crowd’
“Are you sure? Do you still trust me?”
From : Sherlock
‘I don’t understand what you’re trying to imply.’
Ella: 'Five months since our last appointment.'
It means I think Sherlock’s having a really good rehab with his French friend.
“Good” Sherlock smiles.
Sherlock huffs out again, ‘yes…okay.’ And ends the call, just before flinging the phone across the couch.
FROM : SH
‘Sure’
Sherlock starts moaning, annoyed. He takes a pillow and throws it on the sofa, putting it under his head. Sherlock curls up.
"Well, sometimes we
Don't worry, fame will pass soon. Sherlock solved the case in a couple of hours. But he got a couple of interviews from the Bbc, and the victim's boyfriend is giving some money to a school today, so I think the press will be visiting us.
Though indignant, Mycroft mutters, ‘Okay.’
TO: JOHN
“I don’t think, since less than ten hours ago you were begging for help.”
John takes his phone, a bit disappointed, and then looks at Greg. He huffs out, and composes a short message.
“I can go by myself”
‘Your, what?’
‘Mmm….Yes. Something like that.’
03, 07, 70
‘He pretended to know how I have to behave with Sherlock! Then I was the one full of myself?’ he fakes a smile again, imitating the man, ‘
JL : He was already potty trained when we bought him and he we never had to groom him. He’d always lick himself clean like a cat!
John looks both confused and worried.
‘What does he want?’ John asks Greg.
‘No, sorry, I can’t, I’m going now’ blowing the cigarette and letting the smoke out, checking his phone.
They both stand up, sitting at the dining table. John takes a croissant, while looking at Sherlock, who drinks coffee. "Take a bite...you're a pale as a sheet."
She cracks a laugh ‘why?’
‘None hates you, and none think you’re stupid. Don’t fuss over things that are not true’.
John gets closer to him, looking into his eyes, behind the sad smile. “I know this period is not great for you,...and I know you probably need someone you want to talk to, so...if you need anything, or just..somebody...even if,..even if we-
‘No, a different man! This one booked the same room after Adair’s death. James Tanaka.’
“Yes...and we want some informations from your insiders about Moran, did you take the file?” John keeps a small notebook with a pen, ready to write everything relevant.
(4:40 pm)
John, feeling uncomfortable, changes the subject "Are you going at the show tonight? They're giving awards, the Sherlock cast will be there."
‘It was Sebastian who gave drugs to Sherlock.’
‘HIS DOG! You called me to tell me that Greg’s dog was dead!’
John swallows hard, ‘Well, maybe he got a better offer.’
‘Sure! How about that! Sherlock couldn’t interpret those gestures as something..more than friendly..’
He strokes his face ‘What happened, honey?’ giving him little kisses on his cheek.
‘and noooow we’re on the street of USAAAAAAAAA’
‘Illegal surgeries, of course.’
John frowns again, worried and confused, looking at Sherlock.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, thinking ‘Mmmmm maybe, why not’
‘You were to look after him tonight, and what did you do instead?’
John, faking excitement ‘Yay!’
‘You sent an SMS to Lestrade, asking him to peek at me. You knew he couldn’t get out alone, that he would have called John. He sent him a message whilst he was sleeping, he made John get up and they both went to the Johnny Rockets to spy on me. You knew that the day after they would have come at Scotland Yard and casually the topic would have come out, causing embarrassment to both Lestrade and John because they had to lie in front of me. The only excuse Lestrade could use was that he had a quarrel with Jane, bad move because Mary was in the office and she didn’t wait to send an SMS to Jane to say she was sorry for what happened. Jane read the SMS and hup! The couple broke up.’
‘Helping him? How? letting him taking drugs and getting drunk? What kind of help is this....you can’t say he’s helping Sherlock if you do admit he’s dangerous for your brother’
‘And he needs you. You’re better together’
‘Should we follow them?’ Greg asks, with a worried glance.
‘No!! I don’t know!! Tell me!! Who the fuck is this man????’
‘do you want more’
John opens the living room door, but Sherlock is not in there.
‘Sherlock’s cook book: let’s learn how to cook heads’
Sherlock ‘His father was a police chief, despite his love for alcohol he hadn’t much hobbies, Victor studied at Oxford university. When his father died Victor sold his home in Avignon and saved the money to come here and open a winery’
‘James’ friends. Say, where is your brother?’
Tanaka’s brother brought me the code his brother wrote for me before the flight to Berlin.
‘When did he die?’
‘Well, we don’t know for sure the fans did it. I mean….’
‘No…I’m not aware of him meeting with anyone’
‘You can’t blame me for having a best friend!’
‘Sherlock…the milk—‘ John takes a handkerchief, and gives it to Sherlock who cleans his face with it.
‘Gregson said he has proofs that Victor was with the Moran gang before he arrived here in London’
‘Sure, you can have this one.’
‘it’s okay now, I’m here, we’ll go away, don’t worry, it’s all over now, It’s all over’ He puts his left arm around his back, the other one on his legs, bringing him out the taxi and sitting on the sidewalk. John is in his arms, his eyes almost closed, whispering random words, Sherlock is sweating nervously. He takes his phone, but there are signal boots problem, so puts a hand on John’s pocket, taking his’, reading a message he has just received.
‘What the hell happened?’
‘Sherlock…sherlock’s friend…the one you talked me about’
Mycroft comes in, out of breath ‘WHAT THE HEL-‘ he looks at Sherlock crying while holding the paper ‘Sh...sherlock..’
Sherlock, still breathing, and not looking up at them mumbles ‘Something.’
‘Did Adair tell you his name? This…man…who wanted him dead?’
‘Sherlock! It’s after midnight, why ar-?’
Greg “Can we join in?"
‘And one of Moriarty’s gang is still alive in London. Probably trying to complete his work’ Sherlock adds confidently.
‘I believe in—ah, the t-shirt.’ Mary confirms, rubbing the dust from her eyesight.
‘<<…Remember…’ Sherlock tries to read through the words and the blank spaces <<remember the time when we felt that the reason could be by our side, Remember….the sky that we ’ve been watching for so many times, While the real time flew away…remember the words, your words, the words I said to you to make you feel better, the words that wrote our songs, remember the time in our photos, when we thought that everything could change…while now there’s just me, watching your mind going away, and you, trying to find another way to shut your mind>>….why did you delete it?’
TO: JOHN
Is that what you call him in bed?
‘I didn’t!!’ Sherlock replied annoyed, almost shouting
‘There was a sheet you had to read and you didn’t. They told me they couldn’t send it, because the documents are too important and
‘No’ Sherlock smiles ‘He doesn't. It’s just a hobby’
‘Yes, okay…so,…I was…’
John “I mean Sherlock has known everything since the beginning. Victor has something to do with Moran, that’s why he kept Victor close to him for so long! You understand?”
‘Do you want to come with me to the airport?’
‘Sherlock cup of tea with surprise: there’s a finger in the cup’
"No, but you assumed it"
‘Okay, okay, one day.’
“Russia. Moriarty kept the most influential part of his business in Russia: terrorists ready to act whenever and wherever he wanted. That’s where he and Moran built their empire, that’s where they ran the eastern world from. Each terrorist attack in the whole world was planned by them, with them....Sherlock was becoming a real threat, that’s why Moriarty wanted to stop him. But he survived, and Moran took his place, her plane is to destroy the man who destroyed her partner. She wants her revenge. That’s why she’s back."
Sherlock shrugs, ‘I don’t kn-‘
‘Good old days when your brother knocked in the middle of a shag in the afternoon’
‘Mmm’ John mutters, still pushing random buttons.
‘Molly said she’d bring it!’ Mary answers.
“yeah, and it’s disgusting.”
‘Perfect!’ Sherlock exclaims. ‘You two are drunk as hell- we should go downstairs now to met Woodley!’
He cracks a laugh ‘maybe’ ‘But you know, I think this is the biggest trouble, and I talked about it with my students today…..’ sipping wine ‘Fear is how politicians peddle policy and how society sells us things that we donʼt need’
16 : 15
John looks at Sherlock.
"Do you remember Reichenbach?"
Kissing gently Sherlock’s back, near his left shoulder, then slowly toward down his neck ‘You said it’
‘What?’
‘Sherlock! Sherlock!’ He tries to wakes him up, is rewarded with a small eyes flutter.
Lestrade, bit his lower lip, and drawled out thoughtfully, ‘I have…no idea.’
JL : You’re at Park Lane, then? Do you want me to send him over?
They stare at each other.
‘I’m already fine!’
‘He was joking’ Sherlock replies, sketching and giggling ‘John has a deadpan sense of humor’
Lestrade mutters ‘We…We were out because I’m in-'
‘Turn back’ he whispers
‘Ronald Adair booked a room at the
After seven days, John comes back from his honeymoon. He decides to make it up to Sherlock: with the help of Greg, they organise a pub night. During the night, there are flashbacks on the week Sherlock passed during John's absence.
Sherlock suddenly holds up, thinking.
John: ‘Yes, we could go to the Jack Old, it’s pretty nice’.
Yes, we need him.
‘Hey John!’
‘It never worked!’ she laughs
Sherlock picks up a cup pours milk and sugar into it cups, and extends it towards John.
‘I don’t know…probably…’
John doesn't answer, taking a long breath, turning toward the window.
“The last time I saw Mrs. Morstan was four months ago, Mr. Holmes. I’m sorry but I really don’t know what you’re talking about"
‘Gavin’
‘Looking for Daniel, he’ll tell us who’s Moran. Victor, don’t worry, you’ll get out of this mess soon.’
‘No, they broke up, right?’ Sherlock asks curiously.
“Oh, nothing..absolutely...Sherlock,..did you tell him?” pointing at Victor
FROM: LESTRADE
‘BRAVO!’ Greg shouts, before whistling in approval.
Mycroft shouts, Sherlock can hear his voice from the living-room
Thank you dear lord.
A voice rings out from the distance, ‘It’s lovely.’
‘friend?’ frowning.
Tanaka is dead.
SH 23:25
‘Did you sort it all out?’
3 : 24 AM
‘Oh no! I’m not ready for that!’ Mrs. Hudson complains.
John looks at Mrs. Hudson smiling.
‘Better’ huffing out, cuddling up under the sheet ‘I’m bored’
‘I left it here, that’s why I asked about it, I was getting mad, I couldn’t find it anywhere.’
TO : Greg
Pictures of Victor Trevor is Matthew Gray Gubler. Picture of Sherlock from Victor's twitter is from Setlock Series 3.
Sherlock goes toward the bathroom door ‘Well, these are the bright ideas of your boyfriend!’ pointing at the cctv cameras up in the corner of the kitchen.
‘Did you drink anything when we came back upstairs?’
‘Bye honey’
‘Nobody follows you on facebook except your 3 friends and your brother’
"Yeah, sure. I mean-not,...me...the bakery."
‘Okay, see you then. Night John.'
------------------
John looks down at him, smiles again. ‘Okay’ he stands up, ‘I should disinfect the wound first, so that you’ll be fine tomorrow.’
.......................
Greg insists 'Look at your hand! How many fingers do you see?'
‘Come, John!’
‘I’m not the housekeeper!’ She yells at the TV.
Greg hands Molly a glass of wine. ‘Oh thank you Greg! Here, I brought wine too.’
‘The tour will take six days, so we will have another two days to just go around the main city and buy things.’
‘mmmm’ chewing, then sipping beer ‘good, it was fantastic’
‘Yes’
Sherlock goes toward the kitchen.
Greg and Sherlock enters the office, not speaking. Victor turns, looking at Sherlock. ‘Sherlock!’ He stands up
‘Somebody spilled a drink on my arm!’ Greg mutters, as he continues scrubbing his arm.
Molly nods ‘I don’t know if the photos were taken by fans or paparazzi to be honest.’
Greg doesn’t know how to answer once again.
‘No!’ he shouts toward her, Mrs Hudson looks at him scared and while walks quickly toward the door shouts at Mycroft, who’s sitting on the sofa in the living room ‘Could you give him any pills for the mood, too, please??’
‘Yes, he no doubt requires at least a few days to recuperate.’ Mycroft effortlessly agrees. He pushes further, droning, “I am becoming intolerant toward this case.’
‘Everything’
Greg follows him, putting his jacket on. 'I'll offer, it's my birthday'
To : John
‘Something changed since then?’ She asks, uncomfortably.
"Trying not to look too close to me.."
Goodnight little brother.
To: Mycroft
Sherlock huffs a breath, and walks toward the door.
Greg just looks at him with pursed lips.
‘What a classic!’
‘Uhm—no, no, I….just…I have to do….a thing.’
Mycroft gives him a final look of disdain, and then strides confidently over the rubble. Using his umbrella as a sort of walking stick, he makes it to the bedroom and flings open the door. Upon opening it, he sees Molly in the room talking to Sherlock, cotton in one hand, the other stroking Sherlock’s face. ‘Don’t worry, you’ll be fine in the mor-,‘ she turns around to gape at Mycroft. ‘Hey.’
Sherlock steps to the kerb.
John tries to calm them down ‘Girls,..please-‘
‘Did I have the hump?’
‘No! Let’s talk!’
‘Why did I have to throw it off? I don’t usually like to put t-shirts in bins.’ Mary sighed, mentally willing John to sleep as she lay back down. She stares at the ceiling.
You can’t even go to a proper supermarket to buy some biscuits…
‘What are you doing?’ Mary murmurs, attempting to glance at the screen over his shoulder.
‘Booooring!!!’ Sherlock shouts standing up with his chest, the legs still laying on the sofa ‘I want to have fun’ he goes closer to him, looking straight at his eyes.
Sherlock doesn’t answer, rolling his eyes.
‘Ahhhhh’ John chuckles.
You put him on a diet. He’s lost 2 pounds in the last 2 weeks.
‘What are you doing?’ Sherlock asks, rising his left eyebrow
Sherlock doesn’t seem surprised at all, leafing through the pages of his new moleskine, humming.
John moves the gun towards her "You think I wouldn't kill you right now, Moran?"
‘You didn’t see…anything?’
‘Oh please’ Sherlock cracks a sarcastic laugh
Sherlock greatly exhales, ‘Oh, Jesus.’ He puts his fingers over his eyes, blindly continuing, ‘Mycroft told me you could go on without me.’
John and Greg are slumped on a sofa in the priveè. A drink in each of their hands. ‘Hey, where’s Shhhlock?’ he slurs out.
Sherlock huffs out, annoyed, rolling his eyes ‘romantic, soporific books who makes teenage girls lives more existentially interesting, no, I only read books that are useful to my mind’
‘What do you want?’
From : John
‘Who watched The Great Gatsby?’ Molly asks, curiously, Sherlock doesn’t answer
‘Oh my fucking god. Oh my fucking god. Myke is going to kill me, he’ll kill me.’ Greg mutters to himself.
‘Is this in Dorset?’
‘What people on the internet?’ Mary asks.
“Let me know about the case, I've just known about Daniel and Sarah, the two guys kidnapped."
‘Well, it’s not like that, you know? It’s 1895,...they can’t show such things..’
‘Okay, okay, I won’t …..’ ‘…just a couple of them’ smiling
And I've got all my love to giiiiive
Sherlock is sitting on the sofa, in the living room, next to Sarah’s mother and Sarah’s sister, Melanie. She’s comforting her mother, holding her hands.
John and Mary, like everyone else, were thrilled at the splendor of the reception venue. Goldney Hall, with lush and beautiful gardens was a stunning choice. Something, Molly repeatedly commented on, especially after one too many glasses of  white wine. She also. asked Greg to marry her, “Just so, you know, she could be a bride in a beautiful place.’
‘And it’s a beautiful excuse to stay with him’
‘So, do you…do you agree?’
B-I-S-C-U-I-T-S
Greg goes in the kitchen looking for a glass of water ‘Where’s your glasses?’
'Come again?'
‘And now everything seems to have a sense,…now that I meet you again. This city is not grey anymore, it has colors now, it has a sense now, because I have somebody I can show my winery to. Passions are nothing if you haven’t somebody who appreciate what you do, somebody who listen to my comments about the books I love and the job I have….. …what is all about in life if not having someone you can talk to when you come back at home?’
‘The last time we saw we didn’t have the time to talk about it, anyway’
‘Are you surprised at him for getting married?’
John snickers at the double entendre, but steps up onto the stage, and a second microphone, ‘Remind me to kill you later’ he mutters, but is quickly shushed by Sherlock.
Two middle-aged women stop Sherlock, looking excited and surprised ‘Sherlock Holmes! The real one! Oh my god, How are you dearie?’ ‘What happened yesterday? ‘Can you please sign this for my daughter, she’s such a fan of yours’ One of the women snaps a photograph of Sherlock with a deerstalker from her bag. ‘Who’s this new enemy? They say he’s a friend of Moriarty’s?’ ‘Do you remember that man? He was so evil, but he looked so good.’ ‘The telly said you were dying in bed!’
Mary comes back at the table and takes the now empty dish.
“You sure?”
Sherlock keeps silent, walking.
"Stop telling me what I should do."
“When the tiger dies..leaves her name...Seraphita...Moran’s real name is S.S.M., Seraphita Sebastian Moran..."
‘He’s…clever.’
Greg takes John's beer and puts it on the floor. He holds John's hand, looking straight at him while holding four fingers up in front of his face.
‘That I would have kissed every inch of your back’
‘I guess it’s romantic, at least’
Greg turns back ‘Hey!’
‘Wonderfully!’
To : Greg
Sherlock peers at the menu, opening it, reading the courses. ‘Croque Tartine Parisienne’
“It’s not true! You wrote a poem! for me!” Sherlock smiles, making Victor laughs.
Sherlock stands frightened, uncapable of moving, knowing any small step could kill John. His eyes carry a flash of not anger, but hurt, while he mumbles "Y...yes, I would. If I lost him."
Politely, John shortly wishes Tanaka well, ‘Thank you for your help.’ Afterwards, he races to catch up with Sherlock.
‘Whoah, Sherlock why are you showing me porn?’
‘Talk to him about this, Sherlock, but I suggest that you don’t give any interviews with the press at the moment. Especially about the case, I don’t need them at my door as well. ’
John takes a long breath, looking up at her. ‘Something happened.’
But I think he did it to prove we were lying.
‘Sure,’ he replies.
‘What’s he doing?’ Greg asks, staring into the mobile in his hand.
‘So why are you here?’
TO: SHERLOCK
‘Oh my fucking god, Jesus Christ.’
‘They called me in middle of the night’ she replies.
‘Are you talking about the drugs?’
(4:24 pm)
To: Sherlock
‘Jaaaaaaaane!!!!!!’ Greg tries to cover his voice ‘Calm down!! We just had a quarrel, you know…we can fix everything up…’ looking at Sherlock
‘No. I said she. He, she, whatever!’ Sherlock replies gesticulating with the knife.
‘Ohh…okay, now I understand…’
‘No, you give him the shot.’
John's excited “He knows it!! He knows Victor has something to do with Moran!"
‘what did you tell him?’
Greg takes the agenda on the desk, leafing through the pages. ‘What did you find in it?’
Greg looks annoyed, while John sips his wine ‘Is he insisting?’
‘Well then I’ll play the part like him.’
‘What are you going to do now? Not talk to him? Should we go backwards?’
He suddenly freezes, trying to take breath, shocked, turning to look at Sherlock, who suddenly frowns.
‘You refuse to admit to yourself, that you don’t talk to him enough, that’s it, that’s the big deal?’
From : John
An exceptionally large crowd fills the street. There are barriers to keep them away from the door, but hundreds of people are clamoring for Sherlock. The police stand guard near the barriers, keeping the throng at bay. TV-cameras, and reporters are evidently recording the scene, and taking interviews from the fans.
FROM : GL
Mycroft takes in a deep breath, briefly closing his eyes as he attempts to withhold the heavy sigh that threatened to escape his throat. Turning to the kitchen,he efficiently sweeps a critical eye over the mess currently covering every surface, and patters back into the living-room.‘Honestly Sherlock.’ Mycroft formally whines. He gazes down at his polished shoes, as the toes tap his umbrella. The umbrella sways slightly, as Sherlock’s brows pinch together with agitation upon each knock reverberates.
Sherlock is curled up on the sofa, face shoved into the cushions, with a hand dragging on the floor. Mycroft marches lightly up the stairs, disregarding the door knocker. Crossing the threshold to the flat, he pauses to to stare at his younger brother for a moment before tapping the floor with his umbrella. Sherlock grunts, but doesn’t move a muscle.'Sherlock'
‘They’re all legal, each one of them.’
‘Sally is entertaining Greg at Scotland Yard, we still have time' John takes a balloon, blowing it up.
Mary shows a smile on her face, coughing, slowly walking away, while people on the street shout and get closer to Victor, calling the ambulance.
“John...” Greg smiles. “How are you?”
Mary looks at him, rising the eyebrow, cynically 'You serious?'
‘But…until that day, I’ll continue falling in love with wrong men, they all are married or gay!’
‘It is! He’s in the dark about everything and has always been. Moran is confusing us, that’s why she took him, because she knows-‘ suddenly Sherlock stops, thinking about his words, both John and Mycroft stare at him, realising he has understood something important ‘...she knows you all hate him’
‘About?’
John suddenly looks away, embarrassed, Sherlock brings the phone closer to him, chatting.
Sherlock ‘We must find him and ask him who gave him money to shoot us’
“I’m sorry for this misunderstanding Mr. Holmes but I should inform you that Mrs. Morstan resigned..she resigned four months ago, before we started to investigate about the case.”
‘John? JOHN! What is going on over there that you can’t tear your self away from?’
Greg relinquishes a swollen breath, rushing forward. The pair clash, arms entangled. John’s breaths were short and hasty, completely unfulfilling to his lungs. Greg continues to hold his friend until the last desperate gasps are eventually released… until John’s weeping was quieted.
‘Mrs Hudson!’ Sherlock hollers.
‘I don’t want to sleep!!! There’s a case I need to solve!! I can’t keep taking these damn pills and feel like sleeping all day!! I’m bored as hell!!!! Plus now you put that stupid alarm system that controls me 24 hours a day, all the doors closed and with key codes I have to type every time I want to open them,  I can’t even feel comfortable when I go in the bathroom, I’m living in Alcatraz!!!!’
He opens the text on his phone to reply
‘Yes….I love this style’
He huffs out, exhausted, then sees a little box on the left door, with blue screen and black buttons on it.
Sherlock goes toward the door
Sherlock stalks away stiffly, still limping, and John just stands there astonished.
"I mean that it wasn't just you who tried to survive for two years, who tried to change your life and choose somebody by your side who could love you. I learnt that I can have somebody who loves me as well. And I don't have to feel ashamed for it, that I don't have to hide behind closed curtains like before."
'Me?!?!' John replies irritated. 'Have you seen that guy?! He looks like a clown!'
You saw me yesterday, nothing changed since then.
FROM: LESTRADE
‘Just once! Just once! The first time I can’t do something he treats me like shit!’ John shouts through the phone. He makes me look like an idiot! He thinks I don’t care, just because I don’t live with him anymore, or I don’t follow him everywhere! He thinks he must always be put ahead everything! He can’t understand! He will never understand! I can’t make him understand, he doesn’t---What? No! All the things I’ve done for him, and he treats me like this! All the things I’ve said to him last…’ he takes a long breath. ‘He’s such a child! I can’t stand this anymore! He can’t think to arrange somebody’s life like he wants, he can’t! He makes me feel guilty every time I do something not linked to him; he thinks everything is about to him. He doesn’t value what I do for him. He said that I don’t care!’ cracking a nervous laugh. ‘Can you believe that? I…‘ he rubs his eyes with his fingers. ‘I don’t know if he does all this to show off, or to make me feel guilty for being away all week when he’s working on a case. I don’t know what’s happening to him. Why he’s become so...touchy. I don’t know how to act around him; it seems like every time I do something it’s a mistake. I just want things back like before, is that too much to ask?’
you two are putting on.’
To : Jane
‘I thought we said The Grapes’
To : Mycroft
‘Oh my god! Oh my god!’ Mrs. Hudson starts crying.
Mycroft grabs Sherlock by his arms, hugging him tight.
‘I’ll call Mycroft.‘
‘Names.’
Mary walks into the restaurant, still empty, going toward the counter, smiling at the cashier.
, his body was found badly burnt. We were only able to I.D. him from a partially melted credit card.’
‘Exactly’
SH 23:30
Sherlock’s still laying on his bed, naked, with just the sheet covering down below his body, completely indifferent, smiles at him ‘See you after’
John looks at his leg ‘it’s getting better.’
FROM : Mycroft
"Ok, but where's he?" Mary asks, nervously.
John leans back on the chair, sighing. ‘Oh dear lord,not again’.
John lifts the needle up above his head, with both hands, and looks down at Sherlock.
‘WHAT HAPPENED?????’
He cuts her off before she can continue naming biscuits. ‘Okay, thank you.’
"Why do you always keep me away from it?" John whispers, his words full of angst and anger. "Maybe he wants to protect you." Mrs Hudson answers.
No flowers bloom
‘I mean….I don’t know what he’s doing. What his life’s like now? I don’t live with him anymore, and it’s different now, you know? I can’t look after him like I did before. It’s hard for me to know what he does and how he spends his time every day, except…..you know, when we’re solving cases. I just meet him outside Baker Street, and we head out to investigate. But, I’ve been so busy with the wedding, I honestly didn’t, I didn’t have much time to be with him and talk, just us.'
‘I know my dearest friend went out with you.’ John thunders, turning to point furiously at the front door, ‘I don’t know who you are, but don’t come back here again. You stay well away from him - do you understand?’
‘I don’t remember when you took these photos but I remember the sensations I had during this shoot’
Sherlock looks at the t-shirt again, sniffing unhappily.
‘What you mean when you say he helped Sherlock to get through a bad period of his life? What are you referring to?’
A journalist interviews Sarah’s mother, who cries
John returns momentarily to grab his drink. After taking a quick sip, he gestures to Sherlock and the meal, saying, ‘Try it, it is good.’ Then, drink still in hand, he leaves. The door creaks in his wake.
‘Well, a bit yes……but I swear I saw a couple of gossip magazines at your home, which it means that you like to entertain yourself reading that shit and you’re annoyed by such an important book for the worldwide literature?’
‘He just asked if we’re here.’
From : John
'We already know each other…’
‘I know Greg..I…was away for a week, and I left London that I was angry with Sherlock, trying to relax for some days,..but the honeymoon was terrible and when I come back here trying to fix things up with Sherlock I realize that I neither understand him anymore.’
‘You don’t really want to’ he smiles while still nipping and licking at him.
‘Oh…okay,’ nervously fidgeting his fingers, John walks toward the living room, his face down, moving his lips, then suddenly stops and turns back to the stranger. ‘So, who are-‘
He places the bathrobe near the tub and helps Sherlock stand. Then, once he is out, Mycroft helps his brother put the bathrobe on. Sherlock, sleeved arms crossed snuggly against his chest, walks toward his bedroom.
Greg and Molly can’t hear what he whispers into John’s ear, but they see him nodding intently before turning up a grin and a thumbs-up to Greg who looks baffled.
‘one…’
Sarah's friends and relatives look at Sherlock.
‘Sherlock,’ a honeyed voice calls into the flat. Mrs Hudson gently knocks upon the front door, shyly waltzing in, ‘O-oh!’ Sherlock turns toward her, beckoning her to join him with a sweet smile.
‘I know you need to talk to him Sherlock!’
‘Mrs Hudsoooooon!!!!’
‘Why not here?’
They enter in the taxi.
John stands and gazes longingly at the pale man; his arm on the floor, his curly mop of hair, his face shoved into the pillow. ‘Are you going to be okay?’
Sherlock, still gazing at him, takes the sheet.
They get out together, standing in front of the bar. Victor puts his jacket on, he looks resentful “Sherlock, I’m going away.”
Melanie “Yes..I called them, they told me they saw her at university and that she wanted some books but she never came to their house.”
‘Where should we place Greg? Near Molly?’
TO: JOHN
They're at the table. John orders a japanese curry rice bowl, Greg an assorted sashimi rice bowl.
JW 9:29
‘Of course...’
‘Yes’
She looks at him, staring into his eyes. Angry and hurt, she flees the flat. The door slams shut.
They both runs toward the main entrance.
Mary stares at Victor calmly, smiling.
‘Moriarty’s gang were likely expecting to earn a certain amount if they were able to succeed in killing me. In a way it was Moriarty himself that did so.’
‘Tanaka and his brother’
Sherlock continues "You were too busy thinking about what others thought of us."
Mycroft looks at him ‘He wanted to have a look around, anyway, you know….check everything was okay,…….’
‘DEAD?...HE WAS DEAD?’ Looking at Sherlock and pointing at Lestrade.
3. R.A.
‘Yes…’
‘Yes’ John comments, smiling, then opens the fridge.
"He shot himself."
John looks at the cup of tea, taking a long breath.
‘Because it’s better, there are sheets that can make good contrast with black and white, with your body,… do you like the idea?’
Yes, he was, don’t be worried.
John walks in the kitchen, where Mary is opening beer bottles. He walks slowly, timorous, with a glass of wine in his hands. Whispering ‘Hey’.
‘The ti- Are you serious? We have to find a tiger?’
‘YOU KNOW WHAT? STOP TALKING TO ME! TALK TO YOUR BROTHER!’ John is yelling at the top of his lungs.
“You’re lying.”
FROM : Greg
‘Because I must know the man who killed Adair before, I can figure it out. I can’t decode the message without knowing anything about him.'
‘No, tomorrow night, I believe’ Molly suggests, standing up on a chair, decorating the wall with festoons ‘We could watch it all together’
“Tell me you won’t go away, John. Please.”
John nods “You calculate the perfect temperature and you add the perfect solution of milk. I remember when once you stole Mrs. Hudson’s recipe and made biscuits, they were delicious"
TO : GL
‘Checking some slides at the microscope?’
Sherlock poked his head out the bathroom door ‘Who?’
‘Oh my god, I love it!! It’s superb!!!’
John grabs the cup by his right hand, whispering and mumbling words ‘I’m starting to think he was right’
‘You are enjoying this, aren’t you?’ John says, looking out onto the bustling street.
Best Answers Chosen by Voters: 1) Some humor to mend fences, (depending on situation), Who am I to talk, I can’t even dial the phone for takeout half the time.
‘We have to go at Scotland Yard, right?’ he raises his voice.
FROM: SHERLOCK
To : John
He tilts back, surprised. Then slowly turns, closing the door behind him, smiling.
Sherlock scoffs, heading into the bedroom. The door slams behind him and Mycroft is left staring at the door, eyebrows raised and lips pouting; confused.
‘Exactly, it must have happened on Sunday’ turning toward him, then coming back looking at the polaroid ‘so…when you took me these photos,  it was most probably Sunday afternoon, because we used to get up late on sunday and we cleaned the whole house, then you cooked and we had lunch in the kitchen, and in the afternoon we used to drink coffee, and talk, and smoke at the table…and I remember you loved the light of the afternoon because you said the morning light made the figures too strong and fake, and you didn’t like it, while on the afternoon the light was soft and it seemed like it caressed the figures, and you loved the contrast between the light and the dark, so it was afternoon when you took this photo, sunday afternoon, after a coffee you used to make with the Italian pot. That Cranberries song is so vivid in my mind, it wasn’t beautiful or our favourite song but we used to play it because it was relaxing and we loved to play this kind of music with the stereo, we always put on the same cassette on when we talked, and I perfectly remember the afternoon light that came across the kitchen, that lightened up the sink and part of the table, I can perfectly remember the sound of the Italian pot when the coffee was ready, and the beautiful smell it made when the coffee came out,….everything is connected with the music and this photo, I can hear the music coming through the polaroid and the smell of the coffee you poured in the cups…and I can see you in front of me with the polaroid and the cigarette in your mouth taking me another photograph and mumbling some words telling me where I had to look at…..and we spent hours laying on the sofa or sitting on the chairs talking about anything that came across our mind, what….what a beautiful sensation. How…strange it is....memories can be so vivid sometimes when they’re connected with a song or a smell….’
‘Where did you put those biscuits your friend brought you?’
‘Yes..tea. So, how was lunch with Takana’
John ‘you don’t say’
‘I’m leaving’ Sherlock answers.
‘Well, he’s had his 15 minutes of fame, anyway’ Sherlock comments.
John finally understands. He throws the flowers on the sofa and puts a hand to his face.
Sherlock slips a hand in Greg’s pocket, steals his phone, and takes a pic of him washing in the sink.
Sherlock looks away, doesn’t move and doesn’t hug her, she suddenly steps back, keeping her arms away, frowning nervously. Sherlock keeps walking slowly toward the exit door going outside, a hearse is waiting for him. He opens the door, looking at her “Come inside, there’s a seat for you too.” She stands still for a while, thoughtful, unsure of Sherlock’s intensions. The driver opens the car door for her “Please, madam.” She feels uncomfortable while sitting next to the window seat, trying to avoid Sherlock’s look.
‘Sherlock, come on! Your room’s just two feet away from here.’
‘Do you know what happened to Sherlock last night?’ John impatiently barks.
‘John...the note says it’s for Sherlock’ Mrs. Hudson tuts gently at him.
Mycroft sips tea, then puts the mug on the table. “She hired a Victor’s student to mislead Sherlock..and all of us."
From : John
John glances down 'It's not that....Greg, and you know it' turning to him.
1:36 am
‘No!!!No!!!’ John shouts
“I don’t want to lose you, too.” He weeps. “Stay with me, please. Please John, don’t go away.” “I won’t....I’m here..I’ll always be.”
‘What are you doing at this time of the night?’
‘Do not laugh, you took me these photos!!’
Greg takes a long breath ‘I don’t know what to do.’
‘It’s better to stay here, than to get off, and walk on shards of pavement! Just get away Mrs. Hudson!’ he shouts.
“Ok, ok..I got it. keep calm, you’re just...confused. I think you’re simply confused. Before Victor and now Mary. She works for the CIA, if she knew something she would told us, just like the photos she gave us. If something comes up about the case she will be the first to know it, and she’ll let us know." trying to comfort him, but John looks still confused and worried, not convinced. “Okay...” he replies, turning toward the window cab for one last time before getting off.
‘I just...I mean….I know it can be di...‘
‘Oh, what a relief’
Sherlock doesn’t answer.
Weren't you the one who tried to hurt me with goodbye
John “So you didn’t know what he was planning?"
‘’I’m not here to talk about Mycroft’
Victor fakes a smile “No, Mark..I can’t."
‘I don’t know, why?’
"I never said you couldn't"
‘NO!!! TO THAT DAMN LITTLE BASTARD WHO WAS IN BED WITH HIM!!!!’
Sherlock rises his eyebrow
‘What the hell happ-‘
Greg trudges off downstairs to find Woodley as Sherlock and John stumbled back to the privéè section.
‘..yes…’ he whispers, kissing gently Sherlock’s left shoulder.
He smiles ‘You couldn't not listen to it...this version is absolutely gorgeous.’
‘Good..’
‘We can’t wear the same suit! You’re two sizes smaller than me.’
Greg looks at John “Not when he’s with you. As long as you’ll be with him, he’s safe...”
‘Yes’
Anyway, I just added few lines. My friends read my blog. I thought I could save some calls. :)
FROM: John
‘What do you mean not serious?’
‘I thought everything was good for you.’ Sherlock scoffs.
Victor “no..I told you, I don’t know! She’s such a kind girl, she couldn’t do such a terrible thing"
‘We sang it wrong! I was supposed to sing the part, ‘you’re the one, who tried to hurt me with goodbye, did ya think I’d crumble, did you think I’d lay down and dieeee?’
Then he looks again and smiles.
‘Yes, don’t worry. I’ll take care of him.’
‘What?’
"Because I know you know"
‘Only in order to give you the luxury of never growing up at all, Sherlock’ walks toward the door ‘Goodbye, dear brother, and don’t forget to take the pills’ walking downstairs, toward the main door
John looks amused at Mrs. Hudson, then back at the tray.
‘You’re saying bullshit’
‘I adore Mads Mikkelsen’ Molly comments enthusiastic, they both come close to each other
John Watson blog was made with photoshop. The Goldney location: https://visitbristol.co.uk/conferences/university-of-bristol-weddings-p1938703
‘I… I don’t know. It’s an abbreviation.’
John laughs nervously ‘One mistake and you stab me in the heart.’
‘He always does.'
Greg takes a glass and pours himself some wine. ‘Sherlock told me everything.’
Sherlock “Yes...probably Mary doesn’t know everything...she just got the photos...if we call him we’ll clarify everything..Mr. Buckley? it’s Sherlock...from Scotland Yard,....I would like to thank you for helping us in the Moran case...I knew about the photos that Mary Morstan gave us......."
‘I said, that man who was in your kitchen, who is he?’ John asks firmly.
John comes out the bathroom and walks toward Sherlock, who’s gone back to lying down, and watching TV half-asleep. John sits next to him, and gently touches his forehead. ‘Sherlock…’
‘Good’ He smiles ‘Better...’
‘A speech? No one mentioned I needed to give a speech.’
---------------------------
Is he at home?
Sherlock answers back, shouting more “I’m fucking tired of this case, ok? I’m not obligated to keep investigating if I don’t want to!”
Mycroft turns, frowning 'That's Stevie Wonder'.
‘Then give me a nonsense answer’
‘Good’ Sherlock’s still sending messages on his phone
Melanie “She had a red long shirt...and blue trousers...and...black shoes...maybe white sneakers..I can’t remember.."
‘How’s Russia?’
‘Why are you following me? I already told you I’m busy!’ the woman shouts at Sherlock, walking through the kitchen and going toward the bar.
His phone rings: a new message, Sherlock reaches a hand in his pocket and pulls it out to read the text.
I mean, in the real life, too. But that's another story. Is  Victor coming?
"You are from the police..right?" Daniel's mother asks, confused.
‘I’m not…interested in…these kind of things….you know. I enjoyed this week, going to the movies, being with you,…at..the japanese restaurant, at the park with your dogs, but…I don’t usually do these things, and you know it’
Molly, ‘I bought a tie to Greg, I hope he'll like it'
Sherlock bows with his left hand on his chest and right hand out to the crowd in a pompous gesture, while John just stands their awkwardly.
‘Ha ha!’ Greg comments, faking a laugh
‘See!’ Sherlock hollers, as Mycroft breaches through the front door of his flat, ‘Not on drugs – and I’m not disappointed that John’s getting married. I’m happy, so very happy! Can’t you tell?’ Continuing boisterously, Sherlock paints a pleasant smile upon his visage, ‘I’m not disappointed in the least. I knew – wait…Lestrade told you everything.’
‘Really?’ John asks, a bit upset, curiously
‘Sherlock’s compilation: The Fall’
(4:43 pm)
‘And did you go to the beach? I saw the photos on facebook’
Victor goes away, running down the stairs.
The table is full of empty dishes and empty glasses, two men talk to each other, another one is drunk, half-asleep, with his head leaned against the wood bench.
John stops and looks at Mrs. Hudson ‘Mmmm…could be, I’ll go and ask her!’
‘What?’
‘Why are you here’ she asks, confused.
Sherlock suddenly opens his eyes, and turns looking at him ‘wh…what?’
FROM: JOHN
‘Oh.’
‘Nothing for me, yet, I’m full’
Sherlock rises his eyes, thinking, his mouth pouting ‘Mmmmmm’
‘I don’t know!’ Mary lifts herself up, pulling the pillow from the bed. ‘I can’t remember!’ She announces, throwing the pillow at him. John yelps, the fluffy cotton scratching at his nose.
‘Problems, Mr. Holmes?’
The minister looks suspiciously at Mycroft, who turns looking at the phone
‘The first day you were in your honeymoon’ then shows him more photos ‘Here at Victor’s winery bar, drinking...the second day of the week..this one at the Japanese restaurant in Soho.., the third one...’
Sherlock looks around, then goes in the bedroom.
‘Shut up!’ He roars, tossing a paperweight in the direction of the entranceway. Sherlock’s skin prickles with displeasure, as the noise vibrates through his bones. His blood simmers in the heat of his irritation.
‘It’s an Egg-Topped Ham and Cheese Sandwich’
‘Half’ Sherlock answers, quickly looking at him
‘Fortunately the bullet touched him lightly, now he needs some rest’
He sees his brother, sleeping unconsciously. Next to him there's Greg, half-asleep, sitting on a chair with his head down, snoring. The door creaks a bit, and Greg wakes up, shaking his head, trying to focus.
‘Do you remember when he entered the kitchen angry as a raging bull—‘laughing, Sherlock does the same, then comments ‘It was embarrassing’
‘I—I don’t know anything about it!’
‘You find it easy, don’t you?’ Sherlock stops looking at him.
‘No, beaches are boring’
‘Mmm…no,not yet. We were busy with a case. I didn’t have time to talk to him, but I’ll tell him later’.
FROM: SHERLOCK
‘Where are we going Greg?’ John seats between the two main front seats, his left arm on Greg’s seat
Surprise sweeps across Sherlock’s pale facet.
‘Do you want to run this risk?’
‘Anything interesting?’ Mrs Hudson asks, walking into the kitchen and flicking the switch of the kettle.
'No, he probably thinks he's cool but he's not'
Sarah screams again, Moran gets closer to her, grabbing her by the neck, talking to her ear “Listen,...I won’t do nothing to both of you....if you tell me where Daniel is, we'll both go to him and then I’ll set you free...ok?'
‘There are hundreds of people out there’ she waves a hand towards Baker Street.
TO: Sherlock
Sherlock looks up at himself in the mirror. ‘Wheeeeerrs Lestrade?’
‘I don’t need seven days of rehab!’
‘Sherlock! Come on Sherlock, wake up please!’
John looks at Sherlock nervously; ‘Now don’t pretend like I’m not following you everywhere!’
The sound of bullets roars all around, the taxi is hit by guns and machine guns. Sherlock and John crouches in the backseat, putting their hands on the head, Sherlock quickly rises his head to see through the cab glass, but John shouts, lowering his head with his hand ‘DOWN!!! DOWN!!!’. The cab driver runs like a madman, trying to avoid the bullets, suddenly John takes his gun from the pocket.
She’s only 20...for God’s sake, hope Moran did nothing to her.
‘If that’s how you like to pass your nights - feel free, but involve Sherlock?’ John raises his hand, forefinger pointing at the man’s beaky nose. He lowly emphasizes, ‘Don’t you dare!’
John peers at Greg. He can see the twiddling of his thumbs.
“Yes...he sent me a message, right after it. And after you and him argued.”
‘Fantastic! I’m coming!’
Sherlock takes the envelope.
Polaroids of young Sherlock is Xavier Dolan.
Sherlock rolls his eyes closed, then rubs them in thought. ‘Milk with chocolate, and chocolate biscuits.’
"Nothing...it's...for...Lestrade you know...."
‘Good.’
The doorbell rings.
‘Who’s this? You?’
Sherlock feels his heart dropping, but not replying, trying to look calm. "wh--" he mutters "when are you leaving?"
Sherlock slowly lifts his head, opens his eyes and peers questioningly at John.
‘…….okay’ he answers calmly, almost annoyed, and walks outside with his dressing gown on, his hair completely messy, with a smirk on his face, rubbing his eyes
Molly gapes at him, bewildered. ‘O-o-okay…I’m…sorry Sherlock’ smiling nervously. She stands up and wobbles back to the ballroom hurriedly.
Sherlock walks in the office, the woman tries to grab him by the coat shouting: ‘Get out!!!’
Mary is sleeping.
Sherlock stands still for a few seconds, confused ‘…….Why?’
‘No.’
And so you felt like droppin' in and just expect me to be free,
The entire crowd is now clapping, and stomping with the beat and singing along with the two terrible singers.
Sherlock looks confused, not understanding his brother concern and sadness.
The cab is eerily silent. When Greg’s phone rings, it startles the both of them.
tell me if you’re alright, please. tell me where you are.
Sherlock checks the phone and looks at the message, dazed
‘Do you know something I don’t, Greg?’
‘No, these are diabetic biscuits. I just want chocolate biscuits, where can I find them?’
‘We don’t need to talk. We don’t need long conversations to understand each other, I look at him and I understand everything, and it’s the same for him....’
Mary elbows him, ‘John, what’s all that?’
‘Yes, but don’t tell anything to Mycroft, he doesn’t know you’re here!’
Mary folds some dresses in the suitcase, John notices it ‘Wh…what is this? What are you doing?’
‘Who’s a real Londoner in this town?’ Sherlock suddenly answers, looking at John ‘nobody, everyone is a foreigner, we’re in the third biggest city of Europe, 70% of people we meet every day are tourists or immigrants, of course he wasn’t from London’
The journalist turns to face Amanda Abbington "And what about Mary?, it's confirmed she'll be here tonight."
‘What?’
The girl looks down at the coke, playing with the straw ‘No, it’s...about Daniel. The guy who used to attend class with me, do you remember him?’
‘No.’
He rolls his eyes, annoyed, then stares at the floor, thinking. Takes his phone and writes a message:
‘They posted a photo of him, and you too John.’
‘Don’t go then, nothing will happen, Sherlock will sleep fine, anyway.’
‘Oh please, this is ridiculous!’
‘It’s not just one.’
Anderson feels the tension and tries to change subject ‘So, did you all know what to sing when Greg walks in? Let's try again, Molly, you sing the first part, repeat after me: HAAAPPPY Birthhhday. HAAAPPYYY Birthhhdayyy'
‘He’s back with you, Sherlock. He works with you now. You’ve got your friendship back. it’s okay, right?’
(4:57 pm)
‘Taxi!’
Greg: “You learnt...to make tea??"
‘Two surprises!? It’s very strong!’
He timorously grins, standing statute without speech for a moment. Then, taking in a deep breath, closes his eyes.
He told me Sherlock doesn’t know.
‘Nice?!?’ Victor pops out the kitchen’s door, again, looking at Sherlock ‘It was a disaster! Molly thinks I’m stupid, Mary probably thinks I’m a drug addicted, John hates me, Mycroft counted that stupid old fact about university mocking on me...everyone hate me.’
‘No, you give him the shot, you’re his brother!’
"Sherlock" John lies down next to him. "How you feel?"
John looks down at him, and gently smiles. ‘You couldn’t have chosen a better autobiographical song.’
Greg laughs, sipping beer. 'The French charm'
‘You know I took a lesson about fear today at university’ he keeps his drink with the left hand, the right’s drumming on sherlock’s left hand to get his attention
’Yeah..’ turning his face down, dejected.
Victor smiles ‘yes, and it’s beautiful.’ he kisses Sherlock once more.
‘Eh… John, sorry, were you sleeping?’
Sherlock was in fact hiding out in the bathroom. He leans his forehead against the cool metal door, slamming his eyes closed, in an effort to quell the strong urge to vomit.
'Lestrade, I didn’t understand….I thought he was just….talking. You know, making up...’ Once more, Sherlock's voice quietens.
I think you chose a bad moment.
‘What?’ The minister turns around, not understanding what’s happening, Mycroft whispers words to Anthea in the ear, she walks quickly toward the door. Mycroft stands up and goes toward the telephone.
‘Mary wanted to know how you’re feeling.’
John cracks a laugh
‘Oh dear lord, kick him off’! Sherlock starts getting nervous, shifting underneath the blanket.
Silent. John turns, faking a laugh, nervously, then bits his lips. Sherlock feels tension between them.
‘I just needed a hug, Mycroft. That’s all I needed.’
“Why? you can stay in Baker Street, with me."
‘Why do you call him Myke?’
‘He didn’t appear to be heartbroken this morning.’
John tilts back with an annoyed laugh “excuse me?”
‘It’s so simple’
Sherlock stands up quickly, running downstairs to open the door.
Sherlock takes a long breath, then look at both of them “You two, wait for Mycroft. He went to Pall Mall to recover a file. Wait him in Baker Street till he’s back. It’s time to move my brother informers, I’ll go to Sarah’s family, hoping to get something."
‘Ugh. The room is now spinning.’
‘No! This place is big, he could be anywhere.’
TO : GL
John looks irritated "sorry I don't...I won't go, I'm not interested in-"
Sherlock takes photos of him with the Polaroid
‘I’m not playing a game, I’m serious.’
Victor is dead. How are we gonna tell Sherlock?
Mycroft is upstairs, arranging the bag, putting the clothes in the drawer. John walks in, taking him by surprise ‘Are you moving here?’
John Rance ‘This is my homage to a man who I admire and respect, who was always kind to everyone-‘
Sherlock laughs in reply.
Sherlock smiles shyly and blushes, John’s grin wides.
But the phone rings again. This time John grabs at the phone by moving nothing but his left arm, and reads the message.
‘Yes’
The man places the wrench onto a nearby tool table. ‘I’m coming.’ he whispers at his friends. Then he walks up short staircase in the far left corner of the garage, slamming the door at the top shut once he has passed through.
‘Good Morning! Is Sherlock in?’
‘Dancing’
John smiles, looking through the cab window. Sherlock’s phone rings:
‘Do you still keep them?’ Sherlock asks, blushing.
‘You can’t use him to oblige me to have this house surrounded by CCTV cameras twenty-four hours a day!’
FROM: Greg
Greg smiles looking at him 'It's the rule, never organize a surprise party twice in a row. It's gonna be a disaster, everyone knows it'
He looks at him in silent, not replying, then gives him a soft, small kiss on Sherlock’s lips, smiling at him.
“Tell me!! You know where he is!! You know it you little bitch! Where the fuck is Daniel?? Where??"
The hotel is fantastic, I have the tour Eiffel in front of me right now.
Jl : He was kind with everyone.
‘…..I thought I was special for him. When he died I lost everything. And then Mary arrived. I had nothing to live for and she made it a little bit better. And that’s why I married her. But then Sherlock came back, and Victor arrived. And I realized I’m not special for him anymore.’
John is walking toward home, passing through Baker Street, when suddenly he sees Sherlock’s door open and the light coming from inside. He looks closely, and clearly sees Sherlock talking to a man, who suddenly turns and walks away. But Sherlock leaves the entrance, going towards him, grabbing his left arm, grabbing him by his shirt. They talk once more, then the guy leaves….Sherlock stands for a bit, but then walks toward him again. And kisses him.
