Dean’s attention immediately snaps back to Cas at his voice, but at the same time, he’s kind of unsure whether or not Cas is talking to him or their pup.
When he comes up empty handed and frustrated, he turns to Cas who is busy stripping the sheets and humming quietly under his breath.
“Dean,” Cas moans back, thrusting hard again at that spot, and loving the way Dean keens breathlessly and digs his nails into Cas’s hips.
When he points his tongue to work his way directly inside him though, Dean breaks his silence with a weird whining noise. It’s high-pitched and fucking embarrassing, but Cas loves it, and Dean has never been able to stop his noises when it comes to Cas, not completely.
Maybe this way Cas would be distracted, leaving Dean to stew in his mortification the whole ride there. He didn’t even think about how this was his first time in public since he’d quit taking the blockers, he didn’t even really care at the moment. As soon as Cas unlocks the door, Dean sits his ass down in the boring gray passenger seat, and turns his whole body to face the window.
“That’s great news, chief,” Benny said roughly, “Can’t say I saw this one coming, but…I’m real happy for you, Dean. Real happy, brother.” He says, smile growing until it touches his eyes, and he’s pulling Dean into an unexpected embrace that has Dean swallowing quickly, trying to dislodge the lump he has in his throat all of a sudden.
“That might be so, but that don’t stop me from giving a damn,” Bobby says, tilting his chin up when Dean refuses to sit. “I
“While I appreciate the sentiment, we could just order lasagna again,” Dean says, nodding to the empty glass pan that had previously held said meal.
“Awesome! Well, I can take you back now!” she says while her cheeks darken a little when she glances at the four empty chairs behind him.
“I’m not poking fun. I’m serious,” Cas ducks down to kiss Dean’s chin, and then his neck as he turns away. “Every- single- part- of- you,” he punctuates each word with a randomly placed kiss to Dean’s face.
“It’s out the way we came, to the left. Do you want me to go with you?” Cas asks, eyes wide and sincere as he watches Dean stand hurriedly.
I know Castiel doesn’t like to talk about it but- I’m certain Luke’s death was the catalyst that drove him from his normal routine of work’in himself to death. I can still see his face- clear as day- when he said not to expect him for a few days. That Alpha don’t express emotion like most would, and I thought for sure he was just going to shut down completely. And then you happened,” she smiles sweetly.
He hums against him and Dean chokes on his next breath, squeezing the sheets to stave off the pleasure. He knows from experience that he can come just from this, so he reaches behind himself to push at Cas’s head.
This is their first real kiss since their separation, and the desperation from the last two weeks is clearly dominating this kiss; making it difficult to pull away. Eventually Dean has to in order to pull in a ragged breath but then Cas’s lips are on his throat, pressing slow kiss after kiss to random spots, raising goose bumps on his flesh.
“Not now, Dean. Later. Stay with me for a few days. This weekend at least,” Cas pleads, squeezing Dean’s hand. “That way you can sleep.”
an omega rather than being one myself…I- uh… the thing with Cas, uh…God, you’re going to make me say it aren’t you?” he groans.
Cas starts to say something but then stops himself, biting his lip. He gently untangles himself from Dean’s grip, wincing when Dean makes a noise he can’t hold back. But he only goes far enough to grab some pillows and very carefully stack them under Dean’s foot. Then he’s back.
Cas closes his eyes, and immediately a laugh that could really double as a sob makes it’s way out of his throat.
Maybe if he drapes the towel over his lap, Dean won’t think he’s trying to take advantage of him? That way the towel would cover him up, and then Castiel could go and find him something else that was dry to put on.
Cas turns to regard him incredulously for a second, before bursting out in laughter. It’s not the little amused chuckle he’s seen in the past either, it’s a full body kind of laugh that makes the man look ten years younger. And it’s fucking contagious. What was just minutes before was a completely serious and tense atmosphere, is now the two of them gasping for air between their laughs.
Bobby hadn’t really comment on the two days of sick leave, but he wasn’t one to voice his problems or feelings in the first place. He and Dean shared that characteristic, which made it hard sometimes to communicate when there was an issue that needed to be addressed. It was better to be on the old man’s good side anyway, so this didn’t have to be all about the other thing.
“Sounds good to me. And Cas? Yes, that shit in the past sucked. I won’t deny that. But knowing what I know now? Getting this? I wouldn’t change it for the world.”
“Ok, maybe not right this minute after everything you’ve put your body through, but in general. You know what I mean, Dean,” Sam scoffs, rolling his eyes. “Give yourself sometime to heal. It’ll be good again, I’m sure of it.”
“I’ve already imposed enough, man - ” Dean starts, but is interrupted by another kiss and an exasperated frown.
When they’re a little more dry, Cas drops the towel in favor of scooping up Dean; tucking him under his chin and kissing the top of his head.
He should be driving himself to work in his own damn car. Just thinking about baby all scratched up with slashed tires has anger tamping down his other emotions. It’s a welcome reprieve from his sorrows, so he lets himself feel it without pushing it away. Nobody fucked with his car. Fucking nobody.
It’s gentle and slow, Cas trying hard to rub that spot inside Dean that would make him turn to jelly. But that only makes it feel better. He can feel Cas’s unwavering eyes on his face, leaning closer when Dean moans, staring at him with rapt attention when Dean bucks as his prostate is brushed.
Alpha. Kisses started being randomly pressed into his neck and back, and he arched into the feeling as arms wrapped around him from behind, hugging him close and rubbing lightly over his belly.
Jess makes a snorting sound behind her hand, but can’t hold it in any longer after Sam breaks. They’re both cracking up now, making their table loud and probably obnoxious, but he doesn’t care.
“One at a time is fine, man,” he says, smiling over at both of them. He’s got one arm slung over Jess’s shoulder, slouched all the down into the cushions, the picture of comfort.
Dean pops off for a second to smirk up at Cas, the head still pressed against the corner of his lips as he continues the motion of his fingers at the base. “Wow, you sure you aren’t a keeper?”
Dean doesn’t open his eyes again. He takes a deep breath- the deepest breath he’s taken in a very long time- and sinks into Cas. He’s never been warmer. And relief easily gives way to a heavy exhaustion, pulling him first into a light doze on Cas’s chest, then into a deep- nightmare free- sleep.
Turning his head to catch Cas’s lips in a quick nip he says, “Alright, alright. Come on, little Alpha. We gotta keep moving. Don’t wanna give your coworkers a free show.”
“You got it,” Ash smirks, but his eyes are still tight when he turns to walk away. “Alright you make your call while I’ll call Bobby.”
It was a weird experience to feel all his walls come down in response to something so small. Something so insignificant in the face of everything that had gone down between the two of them. But when Cas had held him earlier today, held him tight and poured comfort and devotion into every touch… something inside him had shifted.
,” he groans when Cas stands up, stealing his hard won warmth. He sounds like a sulky child to even his own ears, but hey, he never claimed to be the master of maturity.
Jess laughs, but Sam just shakes his head. “He’s right, Dean. Your pup is already kicking you when you swear, what do you think it’s trying to tell you?”
Cas slowly makes his way down Dean’s body until Dean watches with half lidded eyes as Cas gets to his knees in front of him. An Alpha on his knees for an omega.
There’s no chance in hell. It’s one thing to stand completely still while practically balancing on one foot- another thing all together to try and hop- seven months pregnant- one footed over to the sink. He rolls his eyes at himself. This is why Cas said not to fall…
The man puts his hands up in surrender, but continues to look him up and down, obviously checking him out. “Whatever you say, sugar,” he says, smiling creepily as Dean takes a step back, “If your Alpha don’t treat you right, my knot is always available for you, pretty girl.”
“Dean,” Cas says a hell of a lot softer, “why didn’t you…” he trails off. He’s looking Dean up and down, probably taking in his round stomach, wide eyes, and red cheeks. He looks like he wants to say something- his eyes squinting in that way that’s all too familiar- but he closes mouth, seeming to have come to a decision.
“Cas. I-I think I need some time,” he says hesitatingly, “To think. Either way though, I gotta do this alone, man. I’ve already burdened you enough.”
He wouldn’t be able to talk to Cas later, he realizes with a sinking heart. Not without giving himself away and alerting Cas to his current predicament. He was just too raw, too disgustingly needy to speak calmly with the Alpha right now. He was weak, and the thing between the two of them was fucking him up. Mentally and physically.
“No,” she admits, scrunching her nose in sympathy. “Just take your time. You could probably use some fresh air.”
“The world? Sounds beyond my capabilities. You, however? I’m fairly certain I can protect,” Cas says softly.
“There’s no shame in the things your body desires, Dean,” Cas says softly, sending chills up Dean’s spine as his breath tickles his ear. All he wants to do is lean back into the Alpha. “You don’t have to be afraid of this. There’s no one here who will judge you or think less of you, Dean. It’s just me,” he whispers the last three words.
Panting as he hears murmuring though the rushing noise filling his ears, he watches the door swing open.
At fifteen, Dean wasn’t exactly a virgin. He’d lost his virginity a year ago, and had since kept up a “healthy” stream of more than willing chicks. He freak’in loved sex. He was
Cas kisses him then, the wet seal of his mouth over his own making him close his eyes and sigh into it, tangling his fingers into Cas’s hair so that Cas can’t pull away. He moans into Cas’s mouth when Cas lifts up a little, moving the knot inside him enough that pleasure courses through him again.
Somewhere else ends up being a sketchy clinic an hour away. It was the only walk-in clinic he could find that didn’t cost and arm and a leg, and could see him right away.
Yeah okay, he wasn’t looking his best, but it wasn’t his fault the pup was taking it’s toll on his body. And emotions. And actions. Who the hell does Sam think he is?!
Cas smiles down at him. “I’ll be right back, Dean. It’s past noon, do you want something to eat? Sam?”
That’s not what inches him closer and closer to consciousness, but now that he can feel him, he’s afraid of waking up.
They walk back into Dean’s bedroom, with Cas following him, but Cas stops in the doorway when Dean continues on until he gets to the bed. Turning around when he realizes he isn’t being followed anymore, he sees Cas looking down at the floor, not meeting his eyes.
Gathering him to his chest, he looks around for a towel, feeling helpless for a second, before spotting one hanging on the hook. This is where it gets tricky. He’s going to need to remove Dean’s clothing now, if he’s to get Dean appropriately warm. But Dean is lax in his arms, head leaning against Castiel’s now soaked chest, eyes still firmly clenched shut. He could almost pass for sleeping except for the line of tension in Dean’s arms, gripped tight across his own chest.
to kiss him breathless- and then they’re back to business. Getting dressed, eating breakfast, kissing on the couch a little, and waiting for Sam’s arrival. He’d insisted on getting a rental car this time instead of having them pick him up, so now all they could do was wait. Impatiently in Dean’s case. Even though he’d seen Sam recently, he was stoked at getting to spend more time with him. And being at Cas’s house while they did that would certainly add a new element to their time.
but as soon as I opened the damn door he clocked me in the face. Probably would have done worse too if Cas hadn’t been here- he had every right to kick his ass.” he says, looking at the worried Alpha in question. Cas is hanging on his every word, looking increasing unnerved by Dean’s agitation.
No one but his father and brother knew about what he was, and he planned on keeping it that way. Excluding the doctors of course. Because no matter how hard he denied it, he had to acknowledge his sex in some way. And that acknowledgement was in the form of hiding it completely.
“It’s fine, Cas. Just go. I’ll think about everything, I promise. Got your number, remember?” he says with a wink.
“Where are you going. Dean?” Cas calls, and he can tell Cas is scrambling to follow him. “We need to talk about this, please don’t leave.”
Turning away from Cas’s concerned eyes, he can’t help but think this had been a bad idea. Who was he kidding, talking about his family was always a bad idea.
“Mmmhmm,” he hums, closing his eyes and relaxing back now that he knows Cas is coming. “Sittin’ in the lap of luxury here.”
“That’s mighty fine of you, friend,” Benny drawls, staring unwaveringly at Cas and drawing himself up to full height. Is he
, compared to what he’d originally been thinking throughout the day. Probably the whole month, actually. Dean hadn’t been overtly encouraging or enthusiastic, so it’s no wonder Cas correctly guessed his previous intentions.
“Okaaaay, not exactly what I meant, but yeah, I’m game,” he side eyes Cas and kind of wonders what he’s getting himself into here. “I meant, like wall sex, and shower sex, and maybe hard to walk the next day kinda sex that’s hard to do when I’m …big as shit.”
“I try…” Cas trails off. “I might have better success we talk it out though. It couldn’t possibly hurt to try.”
“I don’t wanna worry about that yet,” he finally murmurs up towards Cas as he wheels them through the hallway towards his office. “We can cross that bridge when we get to it. We still got some time with little miss to look forward to.”
“Oh fuck yeah, it is,” Dean hastens to reassure him, gulping when Cas’ deft fingers stroke delicately over his dick a couple times before sliding lower, rubbing the pad of his finger over his hole- circling, teasing.
Torn between calling Cas and just ringing the door bell, he shifts from foot to foot in the dark, shivering hard in only one of his hoodies. He hadn’t said anything to Cas yesterday after another sleepless night but tonight had been different. The minute his head hit the pillow, he
“You are not obligated to return my affections in any way,” Cas starts to speak quickly, hesitance creeping into his voice for the first time all night. “ I just- It felt important that you know-”
And the next few days, they hadn’t… not counting the actual motion of going backwards that is, as every night before Cas left Dean found himself backed up against the wall or door or whatever flat surface, being kissed within an inch of his life.
“DEAN. Just open the door so we can talk. I know I owe you an apology, but you won’t pick up your stupid phone. Come on, man, I must’ve left you at least a hundred messages…” Sam says, letting up on the knocking while he’s speaking, then getting right back to it.
“Shiiiiiiiit. Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit,” he mumbles around a tight throat, carefully rolling towards the edge of the couch so he can maneuver himself on the floor. He’s got nothing to help him limp across the floor, so awkward crawling it is.
“Fine then, more for me,” He means to sound confident instead of the flustered mess that he is, but when he hurriedly brings the mug to his mouth to cover up his blush, he misses his mouth completely; managing to instantly douse himself in the creamy liquid.
“I’m sorry,” Cas sits up and leans over him, getting leverage in order to grip the bottoms of Dean’s sweater. “I’ve come to the realization that you are wearing far too many articles of clothing and I thought we should rectify that.”
By the end of their short conversation, he was feeling a little better, a little calmer. Waving a little as he left the store, he took a deep breath and braced himself against the cold night. A storm was brewing, the wind like little knives against his skin, so he hurried along to his car.
“Hello little one, it’s been too long since I’ve talked to you last. I hope you aren’t angry with me,” he hesitates, looking to Dean again. Dean nods in encouragement. “Would you be even more angry at me if I let your father name you Big Bird? It doesn’t sound like a proper first name to me, maybe a middle name? What do you - ”
“I’m not gay,” He blurted. Might as well get that over with, he thought as he turned to face the bar again.
to let them out. Smiling to himself, he rubs one hand over his side surreptitiously and hopes Cas won’t notice. Ever since he’d let Cas feel the pup move that first time, Cas had been just as addicted to the feeling as he was, and they didn’t need anymore distractions.
Biting his lip as he waits, he squints his eyes when his stomach starts to itch again. Of course. His body was just fucking bound and determined to make him as physically uncomfortable as possible. It was a good thing Cas’s scent lingered now on all of his clothes, because otherwise he’d somehow get morning sickness just to top it all off. Fuck this pregnancy thing.
Cas mumbles something, and holds him closer, rubbing his sleep flushed face against the side of Dean’s face. “Cas agrees, and the ‘fuck you’ is implied.”
Work was actually pretty slow today, which wasn’t surprising considering it was Friday. People had better things to do than getting their cars looked at or fixed. They’d see a significant increase come Monday. They; meaning him and the three other people who worked at Singer’s Salvage garage.
“I told him about you. What he’d done to you and the pup… Dean you should’ve heard him,” Sam says. “Dad
Wrenching away from the Alpha reluctantly, he breathes hard, trying desperately to scent Cas in order to calm down. If he’s calm and his Alpha is with him, maybe the waves won’t come at all! He can just –
The proof that he likes it is practically undeniable, so Sam doesn’t lose his smug smile at Dean’s very brief thanks. It stays in place for the other four items of very soft clothing as well. And the baby blanket. And the socks, which are currently on his feet.
“Shit!” he growls, almost running for the other door on the right. He forgot he was at Cas’s house and he’d lost himself a couple of precious seconds.
“Duh. How else am I supposed to rest knowing you’re not here?” Dean says, closing his eyes and turning his face into one of Cas’s palms.
I know some of you thought it would all be butterflies and rainbows after last chapter, but that's not the case. Dean has a lot of deep seated issues that he'll need to work through, so making it all go away with a blink of an eye is just not realistic. You can look forward to a lot of fluff as well as angst in the near future though!
Gabriel was a sassy motherfucker compared to Cas’s dry wit, so he’d been thoroughly entertained the entire time as they’d gone back and forth. Even when Gabe was talking directly to him, he hadn’t felt uncomfortable. It was kind of hard to when they’d started their relationship with fucking baby daddy jibes. Now that they’d gotten that out of the way, it had been smooth sailing. He hadn’t been kidding when he’d thought that maybe Gabe wasn’t so bad.
is not capable of interpreting information at this stage of it’s development. However, I find it extremely reassuring to pretend as if it can. That way I can pretend the baby knows intrinsically how loved he/she is already.”
“If you want…” Dean says and then hesitates. “It might be easier on you if I drop you off at the airport. You could crash at my place tomorrow night and then I can drop you off. So…you wouldn’t have to worry about parking and all that shit.”
Dean is sitting in the bath tub, fully clothed and staring at nothing. He’s sunken down until only his head and the tops of his hands are out of the water, and he’s pale and shivering. But there’s no blood, and Dean is breathing, he reminds himself, trying to quell his rising panic. He needs to stay calm for Dean. Obviously this was hitting Dean extremely hard.
Cas takes his hand. “I understand. I have the same problem,” Cas says, and he looks to Dean as the two of them shake hands firmly. “It’s nice to finally meet you, Sam.”
, than you give yourself credit for, Dean. So much more. I’ve never seen such a bright soul in my life, and I haven’t known you more than a few weeks.”
While Dean’s cheeks may have remained the same color for once, Sam’s cheeks immediately turn pink, and then white as all the color drains from his face.
There’s a loud scraping sound, like something is being dragged across the wood floors, and then a few moments later, the tinkle of bells. That’s gotta be Cas.
.” And in the middle is a picture of Dean and Cas, huddled close with their hands framing the pup. He remembers that exact moment during thanksgiving, sitting on the couch in his shitty apartment. The pup had just started kicking, and since Cas was already sitting next to him, he’d reached over for Cas’s hand and placed it right over the spot. Smiling at the look of pure adoration on Cas’s face, he didn’t put up a fuss about Cas moving to practically wrap himself around Dean and his bump. He didn’t even notice when Sam sneakily captured the moment. When Sam had sent it to him a few days ago, he’d immediately fallen in love with the picture.
Cas sighs and rubs a tired hand over Dean’s lower back. “I apologize. I haven’t been able to turn my mind off this morning. It’s just that I’ve missed quite a bit of work with everything that’s happened lately. I don’t think I’ll be able to miss anymore right now, and I can’t leave you by yourself in your condition-”
Dean closes his eyes through the initial push, the feeling of fullness now so familiar it’s almost a comfort. Getting to feel Cas like this, inside him and all around him, still blows his mind and takes his breath away; it’s so good.
“Sorry for what, beautiful?” Cas murmurs, stroking his tears away with gentle fingers. “You have nothing to apologize for.”
Shaking his head to clear it when he feels one of Cas’s fingers start to rub lightly at his skin, he hardens his resolve. The situation from before Cas had answered the door hadn’t changed. And Sam needed to realize that he couldn’t just do whatever he wanted, even if he’d thought it was in Dean’s best interest at the time.
And he thought this call wouldn’t be so bad. Should’ve known not to get his hopes up, but he never expected this to happen.
“Thanks Cas,” he says sincerely, placing the picture up on the dash to prevent it from getting bent. “I’ll seeya tomorrow.”
He’s seen the messages and voicemails of course. Seen them replace the ones previously left multiple times, as Cas, Sam, Jess, Bobby, and even Benny try to reach him. Seen them, and ignored them. He hasn’t picked up his phone or read any of the messages since the night he left Cas’s. He’s not ready to answer them, or even hear his-
Clenching his teeth shut in order to hold in his moan, his muscles flex as he resists moving his hips to get closer to Cas’s hand.
bedroom, and plus, he has the excuse of putting them in the only guest bedroom with it’s own heater.
“Oh jeez, I forgot the time difference. Yeah, definitely wait till tomorrow. If you’re struggling already, there’s no use in making it more difficult for yourself. And you need to be super careful, Dean.”
“I did a lot of research on what I should get you,” Sam explains, still smiling. “I read that pregnant people- but mostly Omegas- tend to appreciate textures more so than they usually would. Stimulating your tactile senses with soft things is supposed to be very soothing and comforting.”
- is immediately sobering. Absently, he stares down at his belly, struggling to imagine himself without it now, picturing in its place himself holding a fragile, soft, little baby. A thought tugs at the edge of his mind, a weird memory of white bundle, but before he can think too deeply on it, Cas’s hand settles on his shoulder.
“Are you feeling any better? Perhaps well enough to eat something more substantial?” Cas asks hopefully.
“Can I?” Sam pleads holding up his hand to hover over Dean’s stomach again in question. When Dean just nods, still too preoccupied with saving face, Sam uses both his hands this time to feel his bump.
“I can’t even be mad at you for not telling me,” Sam’s voice breaks, “Because I lost your trust. Another reason to apologize,” Sam laughs without a trace of humor. “So again, I am so sorry, Dean. For everything. If you’re willing, I mean if it’s okay, I’d really like to redeem myself to you.”
“The baby will be fine, Dean,” Cas had assured him, “Although we should get you a check up regardless. The sooner the better, just to be completely positive that everything is going as it should as well as give the two of us peace of mind.”
“Oh really,” he says as he switches to rub the bridge of his nose, “So Mr. Big Bad Alpha thinks he can do a better job? I don’t think so.”
Dean flips him the bird without a second’s hesitation. He’s not pissed at Benny or anything, he’s just… anxious to be home.
“Love it when you do that,” Dean sighs quietly. He tenses up a bit when he realizes what he just said aloud, but Cas just smiles against his skin and keeps going.
“Why don’t we move over to the couch?” Cas suggests gently, still rubbing Dean’s back. “Lay down for a little while.”
“Dean, I don’t think I’ll be ab - ” Benny chokes, eyes wide and wild, turning abruptly away from him to jog over to Bobby’s office. “You hold on tight, buddy. I’m gonna get the boss and we’ll get you sorted right quick, alright?”
“I’ll keep that in mind next time,” Cas rolls his eyes, watching in amusement as Dean makes a bee-line for the bag of food Cas had dropped just inside the door.
It’s almost obscene how long it takes him to get the motion right. Way longer than it took him to learn any position, and probably at least fifteen minutes have gone by before he’s got a good rhythm going on Cas’s cock. He’s gotten his ass slapped(albeit gently) twice more, and by the time h’s worked out the mechanics of it all, Dean’s brain has basically checked out.
Cas laughs again and leans forward to kiss Dean until his head is spinning and he can no longer keep down the whines threatening to spill out his throat. His noises echo loudly in the bathroom, filling up the space and spurring Cas on.
“I don’t have all the answers for you beautiful,” Cas says, “but I can promise you this, you will be okay, Dean. I know it.”
Cas is using the motion of the water to help lift and settle Dean the way he wants him, and it’s hard to ignore the way that it makes the water splash over the side of the tub. He barks out a startled laugh as a particularly hard thrust sends an even bigger wave of water onto the floor. He’s about to say something about it when the next slam of Cas’s hips to his ass sufficiently distracts him.
I even like- more than like it- when you’re inside me,” he blushes hard, but still continues, pushing aside his pride for the moment. “I started to realize exactly what I like,
“Yeah,” he agrees reluctantly. “No one would’ve known about me if I hadn’t started having weird symptoms.”
Cas is carefully trying to extricate himself from around Dean, knot having gone down and slipping out from between his legs, scooting slowly away from his back and taking al his heat with him.
If I can get over myself, maybe this won’t happen again….And I… uhh. I want to make you feel good,” he mutters self consciously, “Just like you did for me.”
“I understand that this is a lot to take in, Dean,” Cas says softly, propping his head up with his arm against the couch, “This is new for both of us. But we’ll figure it out.”
It’s warm here with him; his body heat radiating through him to make Dean’s cold limbs finally relax. It’s been far too cold lately, and he can’t help but try and wiggle closer.
“Do you want to come, Dean? Would you like for me to get you off with my fingers? We don’t have time and you will be too sore for anything more. But I think I could do this fairly quick. Is that what you want?” Cas purrs, slipping the tip of his finger inside him again. He tucks down to kiss Dean’s stomach, but the look he aims down at Dean is purely predatory.
Bobby behind Cas, he’s hoping Bobby can’t see him close his eyes and lean into Cas’s touch. “Not sure you knows cars, so I’ll keep it simple. I was pulling a part free from debris when it came loose. That sucker was heavy too. I was bent over, and I felt something give in my back.”
“Maybe you shouldn’t have pushed yourself at work then, Dean. All of us have told you to be more careful,” Sam raises his eyebrows, shooting him a puppy dog look from across the country. It’s still just as potent.
Cas’s lip quirk up a tiny bit, and as soon as he releases his hold on it, Dean is quickly pulling the sweater over his head and rolling the rest of it down and over his belly. It’s large enough that it’s still kinda loose around his chest but where it’s snug around the peak of his stomach. And if he happened to catch his reflection today, he’s pretty sure he’d look huge, but whatever- it worked.
Stooping to quickly step into his boxers and jeans, he’s hoping to do this as fast as possible so that Cas wouldn’t notice how tight a fit his pants are. Tugging them harshly up his hips, working them side to side as he fights his zipper, he grunts with exertion as it refuses to budge. They’re stuck against his thighs, way too fucking snug to be comfortable, but this has to work. Glancing quickly over his shoulder to make sure Cas is preoccupied, he sucks it in as much as he can, bending forward a little to shimmy his jeans
“I could- I could go to California if it’s too much of a hassle,” Dean says in a small voice. Cas hugs him close, not understanding why Dean smells afraid all of a sudden, and not understanding the enormity of Dean’s offer.
Swiping at his eyes quickly, he laughs at himself as he scoots back over to Cas- shaking him awake probably far less gently than he should of.
“I’m sorry, Dean. I forgot to tell you,” Cas murmurs. It makes no sense at all that Cas looks guilty. “The cycle ended four days ago, although I haven’t been able to get the scent out.”
“Say whatever you want, man. If I got to choose who this kid will take after between me and Sam? I’d hope my kid grows up to be more like him,” he says with finality, hoping Cas won’t argue. That was just his opinion, after all.
“This isn’t funny, Dean! What the hell happened? Dad said something about another Alpha?” his little brother leaves off uncertainly.
“Don’t even kid about that,” Cas rasps, slight Russian accent making his voice sound even more sharp. “It’s been too long.”
They did something different everyday-saw a movie, went out to dinner or lunch or breakfast, went Christmas shopping, visited Cas’s work, went Christmas light looking for christ’s sake- or just stayed in and gathered around Cas’s impressive fireplace to watch an old Christmas movie.
“It’s a long- and frankly depressing- story,” Dean cuts in. “And I’m sure you’ll get the full story eventually. Maybe it could wait till after I eat though?” he hedges desperately. “I’m eating for two here, remember?”
He can see a single tear slide down the side of Dean’s face when he whispers, “I drank so much Cas.”
“Okay, okay,” Dean finally folds. “Back to it then. Sooner rather than later, because I’m kind of starving.”
The wind blows icily outside for a second, and Cas pulls him in closer to his body instinctively, forgetting Dean’s skin is still nice and warm from his heat. Sam, on the other hand, doesn’t react to the way it pushes his long hair into his face. He’s looking between the two of them, mouth opening and closing repeatedly as horror takes over his features. Fuck, he’s got tears in his eyes again.
Now, he honestly had no clue what his father was talking about. Was John drinking again? “Resist what? Please dad, enlighten me.”
“Uhh, Cas?” Dean asks, torn between offering the dude his hand or covering as much of his stomach as possible with both of them.
“Dean,” Castiel growls, turning Dean around and gripping his face in both hands. “You are not that word. You will
“Again- sorry about that- but that isn’t my point. He’s different. Happier, I guess. And I know some of it’s got to be due to the pup, but I’m pretty sure you have a lot to do with it as well. Twice he’s snapped at me since I’ve been here, once was over the pup, but the other time was when I hit you. He shoved me. He’s never been aggressive towards me- even as kids- he’s never lifted a hand against me. His instinct is to
Finally rousing himself enough to leave the warmth of his bed, he headed straight to the kitchen. God, he needed coffee.
“Of course I did,” Bobby rolled his eyes. “Nobody gets to talk ill of you in this garage and still expect a functioning vehicle. He’s lucky I was feelin’ merciful today.”
Cas’s eyes narrow at him even more before he pounces; pushing Dean back and rolling on top of him so that they’re face to face. Blinking up at the Alpha in shock, he feels frozen under Cas’s sharp eyes.
But Cas is usually a solid fucking sleeper. Sometimes he really has to work to wake him up, so if he’s moving this much, he’s definitely awake.
,” Cas backtracks quickly, “Is that I’m apprehensive as well as excited concerning tomorrow’s festivities. Poorly articulated I admit, but as you often tell me, I’m not the best with words.”
They would have both regretted it if they’d let instinct dominate their actions. And Castiel would be furious with himself for taking advantage of Dean’s state regardless if Dean was willing. Dean was in no shape to give consent. And if they were ever going to make love again, he wanted Dean to actually want it. No alcohol in the mix, no heat.
If they didn’t have their heads pressed together, they would’ve probably knocked them into each other some how. As it was, Dean is almost positive he’s got whip- lash from how quickly he turns to stare at Pam.
Taking his comment as an invitation to come in, Castiel opens the door all the way and takes a seat on the floor behind Dean, yawning as he does so. “Unfortunately, yes. It could be made worse by the choice of food you’ve been consuming.”
But his dad had abandoned him. He no longer had a say in any of his choices, and he had no control over what he did right now. He wasn’t fucking weak. He made his own choices, and was his own person. It didn’t matter who he slept with, he would never submit himself to another human being. He would prove his father fucking wrong. He knew no better way of sending a huge 'fuck you' towards John, then by doing the very thing John hated the most. But he could do this as a way to prove it to himself too. He didn't need anyone.
“I understand that you are upset right now, but I scent more than that on you. I can sense your pain,” he murmurs, concern evident in his voice, “What’s wrong Dean?”
“Is this about that girl Benny was gabbing on about yesterday? Cuz’ if it, you are sure dumber than you look.”
It’s hot and thick, stretching him a little more than Cas’s fingers had, and he automatically shifts his hips farther apart, letting his legs wrap around Cas’s thighs.
Mouth gaping, Sam can’t tear his eyes away from Dean’s protruding stomach, only covered by a thin gray t-shirt. His limbs feel numb, and he can feel his throat starting close up.
Abruptly, Cas is pulling his finger out, but before Dean can complain, two wet fingers are being pressed inside him instead of one; twisting inside him, making him clench his ass around them as they touch something freak’in
With time he hopes to prove to Dean the perks of going through a heat rather than the downsides. With a partner, heats are known to heighten sexual experiences. It was only in denying the bodies urges that things went downhill rapidly.
“Cas,” he gasps, searching desperate for one of Cas’s hand as he grunts through the force of Cas’s thrusts. “Shit! Ahh- Cas!”
“What do you want, Dean? I’m listening,” Cas teases, voice low and frustratingly seductive. He doesn’t stand a chance.
He’s not sure if Dean is asking for an answer as to their future and the child currently growing inside Dean, or looking for an answer for what to do next after being dry. He chooses the simplest one.
“No, Cas,” he says firmly. “Give me 15,” he glances down at the red and white disaster and thinks better of it. “At least.”
Dean closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. When he opens them again and sees the raw emotion on Cas’s face he knows is a mirror of his own, he thrusts his hips against Cas more insistently.
“Don’t touch me.” Dean whispers, and it’s the first words out of his mouth since Castiel had told him that he was pregnant back at the hospital.
When Dean doesn’t say anything, only continues looking as Cas with distrust, Castiel finally sits down on the couch. Except instead of taking his usual corner, he sits right in the middle.
“I knew the second I scented him this morning. I know you can smell it as well,” he hedges tiredly. “To some extent, exhaustion is a factor. And it’s natural to be stressed during pregnancy. But that doesn’t account for the sadness- the
“Yeah, well,” he stammers indignantly, “that’s besides the point, isn’t it? If we’re talkin families, you might as well just ask what you want to know. Get it over with, you know?”
“Because we’ve been talking for almost two hours, and the whole time you’ve been unconsciously leaning towards me, and your normal breathing pattern  increased when I leaned further into you.”
This a horrible fucking idea, Dean thought as he tried to unlock his apartment door with shaking fingers. One short taxi ride later, and two flights of stairs where he had to hold up Cas because he kept stumbling and cracking up, they’d arrived. And while he was by no means sober, he was starting to have second thought. He was definitely about to leave his comfort zone, and he wasn’t sure how this shit was supposed to go.
Stripping out of his jeans that he’d just freakin put on, he pulled on sweat pants and left the hoodie on. It was pretty chilly in his apartment. He grabbed an extra blanket from the closet and was about to lay down when he noticed the wet spot in his bed.
Dean’s shifting must have woken Cas up though, because Castiel is now squinting at him in irritation.
“What do you want, Dean?” Cas whispers in his ear, sending goose bumps up his spine. Warms hands are making their way around him again, pulling him closer, and Dean is suddenly very fucking overwhelmed.
“This is your brother, Cas?” he asks incredulously, staring between the two Alphas. “This is not what I was expecting
Apparently his gagging was answer enough. He hears the bathroom door open and then the light is blinding him as Cas switches it on.
As he got ready to leave for work, he couldn’t help but wonder if Cas would stick around after tonight. The Alpha had insisted that he would go along with whatever Dean chose, but Dean knew what Cas really wanted. It was in the way he stared at Dean, and the way he made sure Dean ate and slept enough. In the way he’d pretty much told Dean straight up yesterday that he wanted to be the thing their bodies thought they already were.
“We don’t have to be,” Cas tries to hide his reaction to the word “mates”, but it’s a losing battle. His smile would be impossible to miss. “We are the kind that needs to get moving though.”
Quickly taking his spot between Dean’s legs again, he hums with satisfaction as Dean automatically shifts his hips apart and up for him again, twisting until the blunt tip of Castiel’s dick is at his entrance.
“I know, beautiful, I know. I’m coming home right now, Dean. I’ll be there as soon as I can,” Cas says firmly, voices sounding in the background suddenly, and he can tell Cas is moving.
Cas isn’t paying attention to the other Alpha, but Dean can see the way Benny is sizing him up, eying him critically while he puffs out his chest. Cas misses all of this.
not the one that looks like they’ve swallowed a fucking watermelon. And you’re not the one who had their fucking brother present while in heat.”
Which was totally fucking unfair. Here he was now, fucking naked while Cas was still fully clothed. He was about to complain, but Cas slid right off the bed, dragging Dean’s legs with him as he went until his legs hung over the side, and his feet landed squarely on the rough carpet, Cas looming over him.
Now he couldn’t help but feel a little bit anxious himself. He can do this, right? His doubt settled shakily in the back of his mind. It’s not like he’s exactly batting one thousand right now, but considering they really had no plan B, he’s going to have to make this work.
“Great. Just what I needed to make this day better,” he groans. And then he glares at Ash. “There any ice laying around here? Doctor’s orders.”
Cas holds him harder and zeros in on that spot, plowing into him now to the chorus of loud moans and whines from Dean as he writhes underneath him. God. It’d only been a couple minutes since they’ve started and already, Dean is about to lose it.
Cas wastes no time staring, either. Once he notes the confidence Dean was lacking the first time around, Dean hears a sigh of relief, and then Cas is kissing him all over again. His thighs, his back. There’s no avoiding anything this time around either, as Cas nibbles on both cheeks before carefully licking the slick from around his hole.
He doesn’t know how much time passes, but when Cas whispers, “It’s okay, Dean, you can lie back,” he doesn’t argue. Laying back so that his head and the tops of his shoulders are cradled in Cas’s lap, Cas doesn’t stop, doesn’t give any indication that this is a big deal. Moving his fingers to Dean’s temples while his thumbs rub just underneath his ears, Cas is rubbing away every ounce of tension- turning him into putty; into something boneless and loose and unrecognizable. He’s never been this relaxed in his entire life.
Everything is exactly the way he left it before his tumble down the stairs, down to his half eaten piece of toast he’d abandoned next to the tv. Everything feels the same way too, including the crushing sense of loneliness and despair.
“Calm the fuck down, Cas. I’m at work. And I’m not dying. I might’ve pulled something in my back though. Hurts like a bitch,” he tells Cas, hoping to at least calm him down a little.
“Has this ever occurred while taking the suppressants you were prescribed?” He asks as he scans the list of current medications Dean filled out. It looked like Dean was on a very high dosage of a very potent drug.
“M’fine,” he mumbles against Cas’s chest, turning his head to roll his eyes at the camera. Usually he’d be embarrassed by the display of affection, but he’s still upset enough to be grateful for his Alpha’s presence. Hopefully they understand why he’d cursed now, at least. Trust Cas to go into over-protective mode the minute he walks in.
“Just because you and Jess have nicknames for each other doesn’t mean you have to call me Sammy, Dean,” Sam sighs, but then he grins, “This. I want to do this again. It’s been nice just getting to spend time with you again. And I swear you’ve already grown so much since the last time I’ve seen you, man. It’s incredible to witness. And Jess agrees,” he says, looking over to Jess, who nods. “We both want to be here for you. With you, I mean. You too, Cas,” Sam adds, sending a genuine smile his way as well.
He huffs at himself, exasperated, but lets Cas guide him back, sighing when Cas carefully positions himself over him. Cas has to stay on his knees to get the right angle, and Dean is bent a little more than he’s comfortable with, but it’s all worth it when Cas first nudges his hole and then slowly slots back into place.
Up until this point, Cas had been letting him take his pleasure, but now, it seems that Cas wants to be the one to deliver it.
upset omega was apparently ten times worse. Sam and Jess hadn’t been exaggerating this morning. He’s actually vaguely surprised the two of them have stuck it out up to this point.
“Cas,” Dean snorts loudly, “You’re Alpha side is showing. You better put it away before I swoon in ladylike appreciation.”
Cas moans, tucking his head against Dean’s bump before guiding just the blunt tip of his cock inside Dean.
With that thought he pushes Cas away from where he kissing his neck- stealing himself against the look of outrage Cas is now sporting.
“Dean.” Cas groaned quietly in his ear, sounding like he was still asleep, but moving to pet at Dean’s arms, up and down, continuing to nose at his neck.
He can tell Cas is trying to catch his eye, but when he does, and Dean is able to see the look on his face, it’s enough to have him quickly gripping any part of Cas that he can get and pulling himself in faster, closing his eyes again and pressing his face to Cas’s neck.
“Hey- you try eating for two and then we’ll talk about my eating habits, okay? I’m freak’in starving.”
Everything freezes. He’s completely sitting in Cas’s lap now, staring at Cas while Cas stares back, both of them out of breath and sweaty.
And then it’s still and quiet for a long time until he hears the doors being slammed against the walls.
“Your scent is so much better already,” Cas sighs. “Good. Now let’s get that ankle elevated while I make a few phone calls.”
“Well would you look at that,” Pam shatters the silence and recaptures both their attentions. “Seems someone felt like cooperating today. Congratulations gentlemen, it’s a girl.”
There’s so much authority tinged with affection in his voice, that Dean immediately obeys, shifting back and down until he feels Cas’s cock waiting and perfectly lined up against his hole.
You’re….He said I couldn’t see you! He’s an Alpha, and I- I know how you feel about them. I thought he wouldn’t
It’s starting to look like a repeat of yesterday as he hangs up on Bobby’s grumbling again and heads to bed. This time though, as soon as he hits the mattress, his phone vibrates with a text.
“No, just heard you thanking Charlie and thought I’d join in,” he lies easily, deciding in that moment to let Cas and Charlie’s conversation feel private. He was pretty out of it during the whole thing, although he got the gist of it. He’s glad he chimed in when he did. Charlie
“Ahhh,” he gasps, tilting his hips up towards Cas’s questing tongue. It flicks against his hole, teasing him and driving him crazy, before Cas readjusts his grip and points his tongue, working the wet, warm thing inside him.
“That’s normal,” Cas said, raising his hand to stroke over Dean’s cheek. “You will only get slightly larger. Nothing compared to what a woman should expect, and nothing to fret over, beautiful. Your body is just preparing to feed the pup, that’s all.”
“Hey,” Cas whispers, bumping his nose against Dean’s cold cheek. Dean refuses to open his eyes, but presses his face to Cas’s chest, tense and nervous after the last forty-five minutes. “It’s okay, Dean. I’m not going to drop you.”
“So what? You’re saying you’re a no-strings attached kind of guy?” Dean scoffs. “I don’t think so, dude. Not from what I’ve seen. Something is not adding up.”
“We’ll have to take you in soon for another ultrasound,” Cas finally says. “And Anna will probably want to check up on you again just to make sure everything is as it should be.”
“No Bobby,” he can’t help but chuckle lightly, the old man was a notorious gossip right along with Benny. “I’m sick. Got the puke all over the bathroom to prove it. Want me to send you a picture? Or should I wait for you to come help me clean?”
“Okay, I think I have a temporary solution,” Dean says around a yawn as Cas grabs a couple of blankets and moves around their bedroom. “At least for tomorrow.”
Cas smiles against his skin and kisses his forehead before he lifts him up and waddles them towards the couch. But instead of lowering Dean to lay down again, Cas turns and sits, keeping Dean tucked up against him, sitting on his lap.
They were laying on their sides, facing each other, with Cas stroking a hand through Dean’s hair. Now though, Dean is struggling to get out of bed, rolling and then pressing up with his arms like Cas told him.
…” Cas trails off, voice hoarse with emotion. “That doesn’t occur due to lack of sleep. And the way you acted last night….”
“That cuz’ it’s like eleven o’clock,” he insists innocently, raising his hands in surrender. “And this kid’s bed time is apparently ten fucking thirty most nights.”
“Okay, smart ass, you know what I mean,” Dean mutters petulantly, cheeks darkening a bit. He hurriedly brings a mouthful of soup to his mouth so that he won’t say anything else stupid.
The pup had stopped moving, Cas is back at work, what else is there to do but go back to sleep? Tomorrow he’s bringing his laptop so he can watch tv or movies or something, but for right now, he really needs to get a handle on his emotions and sleep. He
He’s only able to catch a few hours around five when he finds one of Cas’s discarded shirts on his way back from the bathroom. He’s
But by the time he’s pulling into the loading, drop-off only zone, his scent has settled to something a lot calmer.
Cas tilts his head to the side for him, petting his hair all the while, and letting Dean take his time scenting.
Sliding one finger in the space beneath the material, Dean waits a beat at Cas’s shiver. Taking that as permission to continue, he lets his hand barely brush Cas’s quickly filling dick before Cas snaps out of whatever trance he was in and cover’s Dean’s hand with his own.
This guy was hot and made him feel good. Dean could admit to himself now. And whatever happened tonight would not alter who he was. As a person, or as a man.
His ankle screams in protest when he gently gets himself on all fours, and feeling the pup’s weight after laying down for who knows low long is uncomfortable as hell, but he has no time to really think about it as he crosses to the other side of the room as quickly as he can, trying to keep everything down as long as possible.
“Yes, baby. Keep going,” Cas purrs, reaching up to roll Dean’s nipples with his wet fingers, urging Dean on.
“To think I was-“ John pants before spitting a mouthful of blood at Dean’s feet, ”to think I was here to-to-“
“Dean loves you. He doesn’t like to speak of such private matters, but that much is clear… He’s missed you these last weeks, even if he won’t admit it.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says, sounding grateful, “That would be a big relief. Are you sure you wouldn’t mind?”
By the way Bobby’s face crumbles, he didn’t know anything about John’s recent trip to Kansas. Dean doesn’t know why, but it makes him feel a little bit better.
“It’s going to look scary for a little bit, but it’ll heal up with time,” he murmurs softly. “Just need to rest a bit and keep it elevated. You took a big fall.”
“Sammy?” he says, mind automatically flashing to all the missed calls that are steadily building up on his phone. “Sammy’s a good kid. Although I guess I can’t really call him a kid anymore since he’s a friggin’ sasquatch,” he says in amusement.
“Just- ah!” he gasps when Cas thrusts up again unexpectedly. “You fucker- you did that on purpose!” he laughs, bumping his nose to Cas’s forehead. “I’m laughing ‘cuz I’m happy….and there’s no way I’ll be able to help you clean up all that water.”
But he doesn’t answer. Benny is not his objective now. Not after what happened with John. No, ignoring Benny for the moment, he heads straight for Bobby’s office. This talk was long over due. Bobby was a Beta so he didn’t have as good a nose as Alphas did, but there would be no mistaking what he was anymore.
Tears spring to his eyes all of a sudden, and he’s grateful he can turn his face into Cas to muffle a frustrated sob he’s completely unprepared for. Nobody fucking told him that being pregnant would make him unstable.
Cas was trying- just like him- to figure all this shit out. Yet he was always the steady one, always there to provide support for Dean when he felt out of depth and lost. It was at this exact moment that he realized how hard Cas was
“Guess it’s just you and me this morning, little guy,” he sighs, side-eying the door longingly. “Hopefully that other dude you like will be home by the time we get out,” the pup kicks him like he understands and agrees. “And he better get us that fucking donut, right? Right. Or else I’m gonna tell him how active you’ve been this morning, and he’ll be really jealous,” he smirks, patting his belly conspiratorially.
Biting the nipple in his mouth lightly one last time, Castiel lets Dean drag him by his hair to crash their lips together. It’s messy, and biting, and
“It’s alright, Dean,” Cas soothes, doing a fantastic job of masking the fear and stress he can smell in his scent. “You’re okay, now. I’m going to have you take off your shirt so I can examine you. You tell me immediately if you feel any pain, alright?”
He’s about to smile smugly at Cas when a sale’s representative spots them over one of the clothing racks. She’s obviously standing on her tip toes, so she’s probably tiny.
He decides to answer just in case, opening his eyes and looking up at the ceiling. “She hasn’t been kicking much. Although I think that’s probably my fault.”
And it was only at this point that he realized that that hadn’t been his roll in his encounters with Cas. They may have been on their sides, or with Cas behind him, but Cas had
“But I shoulda waited for you to give ‘em on your own time. I know you been struggling. I can see it in the way you hold yourself, man. Did you truly think that I woulda judged you ‘cuz of the way you were born? Or the people who make you happy? I don’t call you ‘brother’ for nothing, Dean.”
Dean hesitates for a second, a request on the tip of his tongue just so that he can see Cas for a few minutes, but it passes. He’s already pathetic enough as it is before adding ‘needy’ into his repertoire.
“Dean,” Cas says, smile slipping a bit at whatever he sees on Dean’s face. “I was just about to make us breakfast before work. What sounds good?”
“All this time I thought…” Bobby says, looking down at his hands, “Well, I don’t know what I thought, but I didn’t think
Dean recoils in shock, jerking his head back to stare incredulously at the other man. Cas just stares back calmly, not giving an inch.
“No,” Cas murmurs. “Not at all. Not with what you do to me,” he punctuates his words with a little thrust of his hips, rubbing his erection against Dean’s.
Grabbing a few things from the closet, Cas storms out, leaving only the scent of anger and unhappy Alpha in his wake. It leaves a bitter taste in Dean’s mouth, has him wanting to follow Cas and scent him until it goes away, but that’s probably just his fucking
Struggling to get ahold of himself, Dean tries to take a deep breath, and inhales something that makes his entire body go lax. It’s Cas’s scent. His
to finish here. He was the head attending doctor, and he only had an hour and a half before he could chase Dean down and make sure he was alright. And they very much needed to talk. About everything. He was still reeling, too shocked to process everything himself, he couldn’t even imagine what Dean was feeling. Maybe sometime would do them both some good.
there, Dean. It’s a tangible thing. Something I want for you to want more than anything in this world. Because I want it like that. Want you. I don’t wish to scare you, that’s not what this is about. This is about us, and the way you make me feel. How I want to make you feel.
“My little brother used to beg me to lick the spoon after I made brownies,” he says wistfully, thinking back to simpler times. When things weren’t complicated by gender designation, and his brother barely cleared his shoulder. “He was never one to let chocolate go to waste either, that’s for damn sure.”
How he went so long without this is beyond him, but then again he doesn’t want to think too hard on it. Everything is different now.
“Oh fuck,” he moans as Cas switches to sucking the other one. Who fucking knew men’s nipples were this fucking sensitive?!
“Dean,” Cas says softly, “he’s your brother. And he obviously cares about you very much. Like you said, we could just be adding another member to team free will.”
He can feel how hard Cas is, can feel the slick pretty much dripping down Cas’s hand, can scent Cas’s arousal as he pleasures Dean, but all Cas says is, “There we go, Dean. It’s alright,” as Dean pauses, panting and frozen, torn between Cas’s pleasure and his own, “This is about you, beautiful, you can move.”
Sam’s words die in his throat as Dean drops the blanket he’d been gripping to his chest absently, letting it fall into his lap as both hands go to cradle his bump. He was probably a sight to see, that was for sure, but he couldn’t really bring himself to care at the moment.
Bringing his arms down, he glares at the man across from him. “Thanks Cas. You really know how to make me feel better,” he says sarcastically.
one should have to do anything as immense as this by themselves,” He says heatedly, trying and failing to catch Dean’s eyes.
Cas continues to kiss a pattern up from his chest until he kisses Dean’s lips, smiling into it, and huffing slightly when Dean nips at his bottom lip.
“Let’s get this party started then,” he claps his hands and rubs them together. “Ready Cas? It’s your move.”
“Maybe I don’t,” Cas finally chuckles, “But since you are a male carrier, it is perfectly natural to be showing this early. Since your bodies are naturally slimmer and hold less fat than women do in order to prepare for pregnancy, it’s much more likely that your body will be changing faster in order to compensate for it’s lack of protection and give.”
“Sounds good to me, man,” Dean agrees easily, anticipation and heat starting low in his belly at the thought. He raises his ass a bit to help Cas with his pants and boxers, but that’s all he does to contribute to them getting naked.
Cas looks a little confused himself, but unlike Dean, searches for the tags to gain more insight. “I think that they are- yes. It shows a picture right here. These are called full panel. The material is supposed to be stretchy to accommodate growth and should cover most if not all of your belly, Dean.”
“Hear me out, dude,” Charlie interrupts, but pauses when Dean shifts to find a more comfortable spot against Cas’s throat. When he’s settled again, drifting between asleep and awake, she continues.
He’s not shaking anymore when he grips Cas’s face on either side and crashes their lips together. He wraps his arms around Cas’s neck while their lips move in tandem, and holds him tight like he never wants to let go.
Soothing his fingers over the creases in Cas’s brow as he listens, he smells the hurt in Cas’s scent deepen. He kisses Cas’s forehead, feeling helpless. “You’re doing the right thing, Cas.”
Gaping incredulously, he checks the address again, and even shoots Cas a quick text to let him know that he’s here. There’s no mistaking the ugly ass Prius parked in the driveway though…
Reaching for a pillow, he stuffs it under his head so he can see Cas better, heat coursing through him when he sees Cas’s eyes focused between Dean’s legs, lust coming thick and strong from the Alpha on top of him. Cas’s biceps are flexing, holding his weight off of Dean, and Dean wants nothing more at that moment to kiss and bite very single piece of his skin, every one of those toned muscles.
