“I have been carrying that with me ever since I became the director of SHIELD.  The prior director made me swear that I’d never open it and, in addition, she made me swear to deliver this to Tony Stark but only after the year 2009. I thought it strange at first, but I didn’t ask any questions until you disappeared into what my people are calling a tridimensional, time continuum transporter in the year 2009. Then I figured, this might have something to do with that so you can probably get this a little early…”
He thought there was no animosity between him and Bucky. He thought the Winter Soldier had saved his life when he dragged him out of the Potomac…Why did he want to kill one of them? Had the constant brainwashing done something? Was he even more unhinged now?
“Spider-Man and Deadpool together, SHIELD is going to flip,” Logan observed with a grin, biting the cigar between his teeth.
Tony turned to their friend and found him leaning against Natasha, smirking at them with his trademark cocky grin.
As soon as he stepped out of the room, Tony barreled through the mass of bodies around Steve and ran into him. Steve caught him and stared at his friend’s disheveled appearance with concern.
,” Howard said. “I still can’t get over the fact that you’re my son! You are the promise of a future! It’s strange to think but I’m going to get married…settle down…I have a family…Pass on my work to you…I’m – I’m still flabbergasted by all of it!”
Tony unexpectedly laughed. It came out of him so fast that he had no chance to stop it. Steve grinned at him and Tony smiled at him too and carded his fingers through his.
His breathing shuddered and, with that image in his mind’s eye, Tony made one of the most painful decisions in his life.
“So future robot, how do you know my first name? Am I famous? Or do you personally know me in the future? Or…” Howard’s eyes trailed down to Tony's concealed arc reactor and he continued, “Did I create you?”
“I don’t care who told you! Why the hell did you bring Loki here?! Isn’t he supposed to be locked up??” Steve growled. Peter whimpered upon his last exclamation and Steve immediately cooed to his trembling son, trying to soothe him.
Tony mumbled something incomprehensible and wrapped his arms around his husband’s torso tightly. He was tempted to check his phone to see the updates Friday had been sending him on Peter but forwent it to stay pressed against Steve.
“I don’t know, Peter,” she whispered. “We always assumed it was because he was a drunk, that he was a philanderer, that he would not have been a positive influence in your life! When you were born Tony did not care! He never tried to see or find you! Your parents did not want that man near you!”
Bucky bent down and picked up his duffle bag. Steve made no move to stop him as he made his way to the door. The fervor to stop Bucky from leaving was gone. Steve no longer trusted himself with him.
The interviewer scoffed, “A lot of people noticed the mercenary turned a 180 in the last year and it all started when you were kidnapped by that alien.”
Peter nodded and crawled back on top of him. He was blushing like mad sitting on Wade's waist where he had been gyrating against him moments before. Peter lightly placed his hands on Wade's chest and murmured, “I totally jumped you.”
Tony laughed as Steve tripped over his words and silenced him with a kiss. Steve hesitated for a second but then relaxed and returned it, cupping Tony’s face as he did.
Steve didn’t want Tony out of his sight and he tightened his hold on Tony to nonverbally show his displeasure.
Steve and Tony jumped to their feet and immediately went to the elevator. Steve needed his shield and Tony his suit.
Tony spared the sky one last glance and then murmured, “I think my suit is following us from above…I thought I saw a distortion...”
Steve had given up on trying to get the young man to call him ‘Steve’ and Steve smiled sadly at him. He held out his hands together. The officer stepped forward and clicked metal cuffs onto his wrists.
He took a deep, strengthening breath and stated, “He is my boyfriend and if you can’t accept that and be cordial with him then…” Peter repressed the childish comebacks that immediately surfaced. He so badly just wanted to be immature and throw a tantrum. He was going to be twenty-two in a little over a week and he still felt like a child at times. He took another deep breath and raised his gaze to meet his father’s eyes as he calmly stated, “Then you were not the man I thought you were and I will need to revise our relationship.”
Peter wound his arms around Wade’s neck and pressed his face into the side of Wade’s face. Again, he whispered, “I’m so sorry…”
Steve settled down next to Tony with a flush. Tony burrowed his face into Steve’s chest and then Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and settled into their embrace.
They went back to kissing again. At first it was innocent little pecks but, with their unclothed states, their bodies began to move and rubbing against each other in what felt like seconds.
“DO IT!” Steve yelled, his voice sounding as wretched and broken as his heart. He did not want to die. He could not ask this of his husband but –
He was given a soul implant when he was old enough as it was Steve’s right as an American citizen “to pursue happiness”. The law was enacted not long after soul implants came about. He had never questioned how the implants were made or where they came from. The secrets behind the technology itself was highly guarded. The company that produced the implants was one of the strongest in the world and were tightlipped about it. The soul implants came about around the same time as the Industrial Revolution (many attributed the start of the revolution to the fact that the implants were being manufactured on such a high scale).
Tony grinned and all of his anxieties seemed to melt away. Peter came to the Tower a few times a week as an intern for his company. He was amazing at it, a genius like his father
“I know,” Steve replied. “You’re a smart, young man, Pete. I know you wouldn’t have gone into this if you weren’t serious. Your dad just…sees a lot of the world in black and white, you know?”
Bruce, wearing normal plaid pajamas, did not bother asking and rushed over to Tony. He took his place behind Tony’s other shoulder and stared at the readings as they were coming in.
For the first day, the Avengers testified. One by one they were called up and testified to Steve’s character. Each had a story to tell that illuminated his virtues. They also testified to Steve not knowing Tyler and his stable and happy relationship with Tony. Clint even grumbled about walking in on them and drew a chuckle from the jury box.
They flew back in a quinjet. Wade didn’t let go of him even when they were sitting down. Peter leaned into Wade’s side as his parents relayed what had happened since he last saw them. Mostly it was the media freaking out and replaying the interview he’d done that morning nonstop.
“Wait!” Steve gasped, “Wait! Tony! I-I know this is horrible, but I don't – I can't leave you alone! You're my soulmate! I swore I would be there for you as long as I exist in your dreams! Don't push me away!”
The shocked silence was broken when Eddie laughed ecstatically and rounded the counter, embracing Peter, gasping, “
Adjusting his robe, Steve quickly exited his bathroom, crossed his bedroom, and swung open his door.
The knowledge had been lurking there ever since Peter entered their lives but he never went to his doctor. He never thought it possible. It felt too soon…
“You keep telling me to live my life but my life is completely restricted!” Peter hissed. “The only time I’m free is when I’m Spider-Man but, even then, you don’t want me to go out in my costume!”  Peter took a deep breath and then stated, “Unlock my computer. I am going on the internet.”
The Iron Man suit was exactly where he had left it last night. Jarvis was in sentry mode and had merely turned on all its stealth capabilities when Bucky had entered the room, but, with Tony’s inquiry, it reappeared and both Steve and Bucky jumped.
Venom suggested eating wrongdoers but Steve denied it. Even a criminal did not deserve such a grisly fate.
“Is it really so bad that I know that?” Howard teased, obviously trying to defuse the tension between him and Steve.
Tony lay beside him so they were shoulder to shoulder and turned his head to whisper in Steve’s ear, “As a kid, I and every other kid on the planet who watched the moon landing wanted to be an astronaut.”
“Got it,” Tony retorted curtly. His voice was strained and Steve knew it had to be because he was watching the video feed and Peter’s condition stressed him as much as it did Steve.
And poor Maria…Tony was clearly going to be badly hurt when he first got the reactor and his wife was going to be devastated by every little scar and hurt Tony suffered.
“You know I can tell when you are lying,” Natasha stated, her eyes narrowing. “And I am not daft. What is going on?”
"I'd hire them," Tony was quick to retort and Steve elbowed him in his side as he smothered a chuckle.
“I –I, yes, I’ll go,” she gasped, somewhat startled. “Use my tent. It should be empty and if there is anyone in there tell them I said to leave.”
Eddie turned to him and slowly lowered the phone from his ear. His face was nearly white and Peter was instantly concerned. He asked, “What's wrong?”
“…It’s Venom…Isn’t it?” Eddie murmured, looking out the window. Had the symbiote succeeded? Was Peter back in its thrall? Guilt churned in his gut as he remembered Peter telling him he wanted nothing to do with the symbiote…Shame also churned with the guilt but it was not from what he had done to Peter.
“Steve, in the last ten minutes you have said my name more than you ever had the entire time I have known you,” Tony observed with a grunt. In the background, he heard car alarms going off.
Overall, Steve felt the first day went very well. There were no outbursts from Tyler and his friends had presented who he really was to the jurors. From their testimony, the jurors had to get a sense of who he was as a person and understand he would never do the crime he was being charged for.
Tony snorted and Steve smiled with him. They kissed with their happy smiles in place and then Tony wrested himself on top of Steve, making the super solider release a squeal of unmanly giggles. They rolled around the bed kissing and laughing from the sheer fact that they were so ridiculously in love and equally happy.
Tony clutched his stomach and laughed harder. The tension he’d been feeling melted away with Bruce’s dry humor. He gasped, “Thank God for you Bruce!”
Schmidt spit out some blood and hissed, “This isn’t over. I may be stopped now and Hydra may crumble but we will rise again. You cut off one head and two always-!”
Tony leaned into him, smiling sweetly at him and said, “I love it when you call me ‘love’. Out of all the pet names out there you go with the one that is straight to the point. That’s so Captain America.”
Tony had a faraway look on his face as they drove and seemed to have forgotten Steve was there in the car with him.
Susan Tyler’s accusation, the press’s reaction, this fake relationship, his complicated feelings, and these blows from Tony…It was all too much to handle after the last few days. Sleeping was uncomplicated and he did not have to think about all of-of
Pepper’s eyes got bigger and then they rolled back and she threw back her head with a sigh, obstructing her face from view. She groaned, “Once again he’s taking after you Tony. He managed to find the most impossible person in the world and then date him.”
Steve watched them go with a smile, and commented, “How much longer do you think it’ll be until we’re grandparents?”
The shield lowered into the beaker. Some tendrils of the mass caressed his face as they went down and Peter leaned into the touch but his attention was on Wade.
of us,” Bucky commented dryly from the couch, he was listening in but did not look up from the newspaper.
So, needless to say, lot's of angsty stuff happening next chapter! I will post in another week! Thanks for reading! :3
He paused with his hands still on the door as he processed the situation he was in. Ever since he realized who they really were, his mind had been racing, trying to come up with a reason as to why these incredible people just stepped into his life and only one plausible reason came to him: They knew he was Spider-Man.
“He and Peter have not stopped talking since he got here,” Steve whispered, smiling warmly at the scene before him.
Tony cupped his cheek and drew him back in, kissing him so tenderly that Steve fell a little bit more in love.
“I wish,” Tony whispered. He stared at the photo and, after several long moments, the solution suddenly hit him.
Tony closed his eyes and let Jarvis fly him on autopilot. He pictured Steve, from minutes prior, as he slept, relaxed, serene and in Tony’s arms.
“Oh, no, man, don’t do that,” Tony gasped, sitting up. His eyes were focus on Steve’s waist with a pained expression. He gasped, “It’s human, Steve, don’t torture yourself.”
So since the normal channels weren't working. He had Jarvis looking into the more unconventional ones. In other words, nearly all of his resources went into the search and it might have been considered somewhat illegal…
Natasha nodded and ran to her partner. Steve looked at Tony one more time then ran to his struggling teammate.
Peter held his breath as he watched Eddie turn the stopcock and let the near unstable liquid flow into the beaker. Both he and Eddie leaned in closely as they watched the measurements etched onto the burette progress with the emptying of their solution. Eddie turned the stopcock, slowing the flow as it approached their number.
“Tony…you need to stop this. It isn’t healthy,” Steve stated. The workshop lost its soft watercolor appearance and solidified as a sober Steve stepped into it.
Maybe Wade got a sense of Peter’s thoughts because he buried Peter deeper into his embrace and repeated, “I know…”
. But he slowly closed it. Everyone but Bruce saw Tony as only helping Steve out in a sort of performance. They were supposed to be acting and no actual feelings were supposed to be involved.
They lurched to a stop and Steve gasped, “Is everyone okay?” He was instantly patting Tony down, searching for any injury.
“You trained me,” Natasha supplied, both Steve and Clint looked sharply to Natasha. The woman with a checkered past just revealed a
Even though his implant was zeroed and no longer connected him to Steve, he couldn’t stop touching it.
For all intents and purposes, he was dead. The first thing checked off before filling out a death certificate was to see if the implant zeroed. He was as good as dead and no one would pause to think there was a possibility that the Red Skull had removed it from his arm. Everyone would just assume he survived until now because the Red Skull had slowly tortured Steve to death.
“Then when you find it, you will save me from Venom,” Steve reasoned. “I would rather suffer a lifetime under Venom than let Peter be caught up in that monster another moment.”
“The Goblin was the one who probably broke into the tower. He’s smart enough to get by SHIELD. He probably planned it all out to a tee and had to be prepared if one of us stayed behind in the Tower…What if he came across me in the lab? Or Peter in the hall? Or you in the elevator? We would have been caught unaware…He could have killed any of us and it just has me thinking…”
“Or you can make a lot of money off slipping her name to the press,” another lawyer retorted. “If you don’t have any viable questions left, then we will take our leave. Unless Captain Rogers is under arrest?”
“That’s good,” Steve murmured. “Take your time. He needs you and won’t let on how much he does because he’s as stubborn as you.”
Peter’s smirk twitched wider as the ironies continued. He sarcastically replied, “The world is still spinning…”
He almost forgot Bucky was there since he and Tony spent most of their reminiscing staring into each other’s eyes. His voice made him jump a little.
Tony internally cursed. He hadn’t told any of the surviving Commandos he had returned from the future nor that Bucky had survived. He initially been mourning Steve and then been so busy with helping Bucky heal…he knew Bucky wouldn’t be able to handle the meeting when he first woke so he never brought it up to either party.
Steve felt his throat swell with emotion. He remembered the instance Bucky referred to. Steve woke from that fever the next morning. Bucky was on his knees next to Steve’s bed. His eyes were red rimmed and his body wearied. When he saw Steve was awake, Bucky’s face split into the most relieved and joyous smile he had ever seen. He laughed and kissed Steve’s forehead. He called him a lug head of a jerk but Steve had not heard the insult. His mind was spinning from the knowledge that Bucky had kissed him.
Fury cursed under his breath and turned around. He yelled to his agents, “I need to know the location and status on the Goblin NOW!”
Tony slipped in as the medical examiner got off the stand. He returned to his seat and whispered to Steve and the rest of the team, “Bruce is alright, he’s calmed down. He’s going to hang outside until the hearings over however.”
The judge stated, “These are very serious charges and, despite what the defendant’s defense states, there is significant evidence…” Steve gulped as he felt the woman’s eyes scrutinize him. She continued, “However, the defense statements about Captain Rogers’ virtues are also true. Due to his contributions to the world at large, I am willing to give him bail—.” Steve exhaled loudly as relief washed over him. “However, you are not allowed to leave the state until the end of the trial nor are you allowed to go within one hundred feet of Ms. Tyler, Captain Rogers, and you will have to post 10 million in bail.”
Steve looked down at himself as was surprised to see himself encased in the Iron Patriot’s armor. He moved his arm and the armor grudgingly budged. If he did not have superior strength, the heavy armor would have been impossible to move. He stiffly made his way over to Pepper and asked, “Where are we?!”
“No,” Steve said instantly. More slowly, he stated, “No, we should hang it. I don’t want one of the darker moments in my life to shadow this, it was one of the best…”
“Well…I’ll see you later,” Peter murmured awkwardly and then hurried through the now unlocked door. He felt Jake’s eyes on him until the doors closed behind him.
Tony’s lab became a little brighter as things hummed to life and various bulbs and holograms began to glow. Dummy chirped happily and zoomed out of his charging station upon the labs reawakening. The robot zoomed around aimlessly and Tony smirked as he wondered how many more seconds it would take for Dummy to knock something over.
Bucky lay a hand on his shoulder and Steve leaned into the touch. Bucky whispered, “In his era, he probably wouldn't have thought twice about it. You are a one of a kind guy.”
By the time Tony arrived, Steve was literally shaking with excitement. He stood in front of the elevator doors waiting and when they finally opened they revealed Tony, leaning back with a sexy, knowing smile strewn sensually across his face.
Peter needed to say something to placate the situation but he had no more words. He was dried up. Wade reached out to him to touch his shoulder but Peter jerked away and Wade drew back his touch.
“Boys!” Pepper suddenly turned to them, making both of them jump in their skins. She held out the paper she was writing on and stated, “This is a list of additional people we’ll invite to the fair for your wedding. Approve it and add in suggestions.”
The rest of the Avengers watched this exchange from the couch. Clint had a bowl of popcorn sitting on his lap and was busy adding hot Tapatio sauce to it. Leaning into Clint, Natasha had Peter sitting on her lap and was bouncing him gently on her knee. Sitting on Natasha’s other side, sat Tony with a tablet on his lap. He watched the exchange between Thor and Steve with amusement. Bruce sat next to Tony and had been looking over something on Tony’s tablet with him but he too was watching Steve and Thor with a small smile.
The team laughed and Tony clapped Eddie’s shoulder, saying, “I’ll give you an honorary participation badge. How does that sound?”
“I never received orders to monitor for Master Rogers,” Jarvis replied and Tony inhaled sharply. No, Jarvis was doing just as he was programed to do…
Tony chuckled at his AI’s tone and turned on his thrusters. He shot out of the Tower and circled it to admire the building’s progress before turning uptown.
“I think we can consider our relationship a celebration of all of that,” Steve whispered happily and began to card his fingers through Tony’s hair. Tony leaned into his touch with a happy sigh.
He kissed Tony and whatever doubts he was feeling vanished with the way his soulmate kissed him. It was innately Steve but also so much more. Tony kissed back wound his arms behind Steve’s head and kissing him as hard and deeply as he could to show the man the true depth of his emotion.
Tony sighed and said, “No, you can’t, but maybe using proven material will work again? Try it, she might surprise you.”
“Fine,” Steve sighed heavily. “But, you will do it, won’t you? Give Wade that chance? I…” Steve dropped his head with a sigh and murmured, “I would ask you to promise me you’ll try but the last time you promised the same and we all saw how well that went…”
Steve smiled sadly at him and patted Tony’s shoulder, murmuring, “You pretty much told me it wasn’t going to happen, you thought I was with Peggy, remember? History remembers me as a normal man who loved women. Don’t worry about it, Tony. I grew up knowing I’d never get what I want but, now, knowing what the future holds for people like me, well…it just makes me happy. I couldn’t ask for anything more. It’s near perfect.”
“Sir,” Jarvis interjected. “The Parker family cut all ties from the Starks after your affair. They did not want you to be a part of any of the funerals. Even with Master Ben Parker’s murder his wife was adamant about keeping you misinformed. It was not your fault.”
He looked over to the explosion, where the flames were still expanding in a bulbous cloud. On the other side of the flames, he saw two figures wearily push themselves up. In the middle of one of the figure’s chest, was a recognizable blue glow. The other, slimmer figure had to be Pepper.
“Hey,” Tony whispered as he lightly grasped his chin and turned his head enough so that their gazes were meeting again. “What’s with that look? You’ve got Time magazine’s most eligible bachelor laying under you wanting to go another round and-,” Tony paused as he lifted his hand and a bottle of lube appeared in his hand. Smirking, Tony pressed the bottle between their hands and clasped it tight. He whispered, “I want us to take it to the next level. I want to know what you look like when you come with me inside you and I want to know how it feels to come with you inside me. I want to know in every way that is physically possible…”
Steve handed him the tablet. The files were already open and Tony swiped through them. There were dozens of pictures. Some were rough sketches but others were fully detailed and colored images. Most were images from the workshop and, yes, the majority revolved around Tony in various states of work.
Steve sat on the stool across from Bruce and murmured, “I can’t help but question it. Tony is generous but with Peter he goes above and beyond.”
“Floor!” Peter replied, reaching for the hardwood beneath them. Steve placed him down then went to the nearby living room. Under the coffee table were extra pillows and blankets sitting on a hideaway shelf. Steve pulled out one of the blankets and laid it out on the floor. Peter toddled over to his toy chest and pulled out the Iron Man action figure. Steve frowned slightly as he watched Peter hobble over to the blanket with the particular toy in hand.
Their lips parted and James whispered into her mouth, “James. I want you to call me James…only you. Everyone else can call me Bucky…but my true name belongs to you alone.”
He quickly flipped through all the pages but paused when he saw a scribbled drawing of Captain America’s shield. He ran his finger over the drawing. He must’ve made it but he did not remember doing so…
“I’m his ‘beard,’ per say,” she replied with a chuckle. “I pretend to be his soulmate so his actual mate and children could be kept safe from this life.”
“Now, unless you want to discuss Area 51, are we done talking conspiracy theories? Can we talk about our lives? I heard through the grapevine that our little Peggy might be
They moved him as soon as the words left her mouth. Steve could not muffle his own cry of pain upon Tony’s second scream.
He watched her also to garner as many memories as possible of her. He never wanted to forget her. He studied her so much that, when he closed his eyes at night, he could easily picture her face before going to sleep.
He heard his Aunt May cross the squeaky floorboards of the lower level to answer the door so he did not get up to answer it himself. He sleepily groped his bedside table for his phone to see what time it was. If it was early enough, he was going to go back to sleep.
Wade put down the tablet and ran his hands over Peter’s muscles and corrected himself, “Little? Did I say that about my tarantula sized dick Spidey?”
“I figure I’ll just go northwest from there,” Steve said with a grin. Tony’s home was on the coast and north of Los Angeles. He’ll just run to the coast and then run along the main coastal road until he came across his house. The booklet had a photo of Tony’s home and it would be hard to miss.
“Hey, Deadpool,” Peter replied, sticking with their codenames. They were in costume and it was a habit.
Tony’s laugh died off into a chuckle and he smiled gaily at Steve. He’d probably laugh at every corny joke Steve made to lighten the situation. He was so relieved Steve was there. It was better than the alternative…
Steve and Pepper’s eyes met. Her anguish was clear in her gaze and he wasn’t sure what she saw in his, but a strange feeling of mutual understanding passed between them. Neither wanted Tony to die but Stane had to be stopped.
Tony glanced around and wasn’t surprised that a number of people, including the two women who had given him the bench, saw their timers go off and their odd interaction. Unsurprisingly, they were openly staring at them for their lack of excitement.
The last thing Tony heard was Gabe mumble, “…Gay?” as they stepped away from the tent. He would have laughed at it in any other situation. Jarvis had gone with them, leaving Tony and Steve completely alone.
They’d have a huge age difference, but Steve wouldn’t have minded...though his mate’s parents may have. Steve smirked sadly to himself. Not only did they have an age difference but they were both male. Both were social stigmas, not what the PR people would have wanted him to saddle with the image of Captain America…but he would have ignored their protests and would have done everything to be a part of this little guy’s life. With their age difference, there probably would've been no romance...but they could have been good friends. He closed his eyes and pictured helping raise him, bringing toys or snacks with every visit.
Steve sighed heavily and disappointment flowed heavily though him. He paused to collect his thoughts then earnestly stated, “I would have done the same…A-And Mary or the Chameleon? Any sign of them?”
The boy’s insistence was so strong that Venom staggered and his host’s voice broke through Venom’s mouth.
Tony would open schematics but his gaze could not focus on his plans. He would pick up a soldering gun and it would feel like it weighed three tons. He tried to focus on anything, even screwing in a simple bolt, but was unable.
“Good,” Peter said, nodding curtly. He flexed his fists releasing the tension and repeated, “Good.” He spun around and went back to his room.
It was warm but a comfortable warm with a cool breeze that would keep them from ever feeling too hot. But Cable probably was not too comfortable as he had slipped on a leather jacket and gloves to hide his metal arm. He also wore dark sunglasses to hide his glowing red eye.
He opened his mouth to explain but stopped himself. He almost told Tony how stupid Steve was being. By stating this, this would have led to Steve having to explain that Steve had always yearned for this moment so the bashfulness was just ridiculous. But he couldn't tell Tony. He couldn't let him know his secret.
Steve spared his future lover one last glance and then ran after the other time traveler. As he went up the stairs, he pulled out the photo and unfolded it.
“I never figured you for a queer…At least, from what I remember…” He stated the last bit hesitantly.
Tony rolled his eyes and said, “Oh, you want to go through the whole charade? Ok…hem, hey Steve guess what I’m bi and ‘single!’ Isn’t that interesting? I like your ass by the way,” Tony used a high pitched voice and Steve chuckled.
Yeah, Tony would freak out if anyone so much as whimpers at this point...as it was his anxiety was burning through his blood like acid. The only thing preventing him from having a panic attack was all the adrenaline coursing through him at that moment.
“No,” Steve whispered, eyeing the bottle with confusion. He did not know whether to feel excited or scared.
This last month I moved to a new place so I still am in the process of moving and settling in so this fic will come out in random spurts but I will try to get a new chapter out every week or two! I'll be posting the updates and teasers on my
Steve had slept maybe a few hours in the room the night prior but the exhaustions of the long week were finally pushing him to sleep long and deeply tonight. He had one final meeting with the Commandos and then bid them good night as the midnight watch came onto their shifts.
When he reached his chin, however, Steve paused. His lips hovered over Tony’s with only an infinitesimal amount of space between them. His breath was escaping him in shallow pants as he stared at his mouth. So close. How many times had Steve dreamed of this?
“Sir, the suit has been compromised in areas four, eight, and nine,” Jarvis quickly informed him. “You were hit in the Vastus Lateralis muscle of your upper thigh. And, by the trajectory of the other bullets, I assume your liver has been pierced as well as your right lung. You will be experiencing chest pain and breathing problems. You need to put something over the both wounds in your torso, especially your chest wound or air will get into your chest cavity and your lungs will no longer be able to expand.”
Tony’s gaze was pointed down and a small happy, flush stained his cheeks. He murmured, “I'd like that…”
After Steve testified, Tony hooked his arm into his and pulled him in the direction of the coffee cart. He excitedly gasped, “You were amazing! If I was a doubter then I would have changed my mind after that! Did you see those jurors?? That one lady in pink looked like she wanted to leave the box and hug you!”
just heard that,” Clint interjected through the communicator in Steve’s ear. Steve dropped his face into his hand with a groan.
The corners of Wade’s lips upturned in a cock-obstructed smile and he happily hummed, making Peter's toes curl as the feeling reverberated through his dick.
Tony let out a strangled sob for a whole other reason as Steve inserted another finger into him. Tony thrust his hips in Steve's direction and his joy and desire spiraled together into his blood, directing the flow of his hands and the pulse of his thrusts.
The TV turned off and Steve flinched. He was caught. He guiltily turned around to see Tony holding the remote. Tony was frowning and hissed, “Don’t watch that filth.”
His eyes spanned the room and then landed on the broad shoulders of one Captain Steven Rogers. Tony smirked to himself and walked over to the man. Steve was eating with the rest of the Commandos, sitting in the middle of his collective band of heroes.
Steve threw back his head and laughed. Together, they walked out of the room. Friday dimmed the lights and turned off the holograms. Tony glanced over his shoulder as the AI did this and caught sight of their past selves kissing right before the image was gone.
“Wha-? N-No!” Tony gasped. The sudden outburst made Steve’s head shoot up and Peter wearily opened his eyes. Peter eyes looked around the room, then, once he saw everything was okay, he closed his eyes again and fell right back to sleep. As soon as Steve looked at Tony, Tony dropped his gaze and murmured, “No…unless you want to..?”
Tony couldn’t move for several minutes due to the device Obadiah used on him. His body may have been paralyzed but his mind was not. He was already forming a plan of action. His original reactor was downstairs. He could still survive this…he just needed to…to…
Steve groaned at Tony’s question and as he imagined the conversation between Clint and Natasha about their “bet.”
Bucky nodded and Tony was reluctant to leave him alone but he knew the Winter Soldier wasn’t going to leave the property. In his mind, Tony was still his handler and Jarvis was keeping an eye on his anyways. The AI would let him know if anything was wrong.
insignificant to you? And how many more blows will Peter and Wade have to take until you get your head out of your ass?? How else am I supposed to react when you are threatening to break our family apart?! Did you not hear Peter?? Do you really want to push him away because you were too stubborn to just get to know Wade Wilson? I’m your husband and I love you but…” Steve paused to catch his breath. His breathing was shallow and looked down with a broken expression, struggling to contain his emotions. He carefully continued, with a measured voice, “But I can’t stand beside you in this.”
He moved into her apartment under the guise as her soulmate and fiancé but they slept in different rooms and rarely spoke.
He’d heard stories of the merc with a mouth, but he hadn’t met him yet...well, Wade hadn’t met Steve yet. Timelines and who meeting who didn’t really mean much to him when faced with his unmoving child.
– to break him. Bucky had to be broken over and over again, each time being fragmented down until nothing was left…
Steve stepped inside and slid off his shield to put on the coat. It was too small for him but it made him measurably decent. It was tight around the shoulders and could not seal across the expanse of his chest. His waist was small enough that it could wrap around it and hide the important bits at least. Last, but not least, he slipped his shield back on his arm. He frowned as his eyes focused on his left hand. His wedding ring was gone. Tony had it made especially for him out of Vibranium. It was one of a kind. He hoped his husband still had it because he would hate to lose it.
Howard took a deep, steadying breath and put the gentlest of touches on the arc reactor, he whispered, “If I end up killing my own son, I am going to be sorely pissed at all of you…”
Tony eventually forced himself to stop kissing his super soldier before they got too inappropriate. Pepper hustled them out of the hospital and into a waiting car. With Happy at the helm, they were able to get out of there just as the news vans were pulling up.
Coulson repressed the need to roll his eyes. Instead, he sparred one last glance to the sketch rolled in Stark’s hands. Another piece of the Captain so close but too far from his grasp again…
Later, hours into the night and Tony’s musings, the lights in their room turned on and the alarm started to go off.
Cable ripped the photo from his hand and squinted at the photo. He lowered the photo and, in a measured, seething voice, hissed, “What did you do?”
When his aunt walked in the door, she came home to Peter sitting on the couch with all the photo albums and boxes of photos of his parents spread out in front of him. She paused with a blank look of shock on her face. She questionably looked at him and he desperately asked, “Is Richard Parker really my father?”
Steve had a few stolen kisses on his USO tour in the 40s but he’d never kissed a man or felt his heart soar in such a way when Tony kissed him.
Steve flushed and his gaze dropped and, for a moment, Tony thought Steve was going to push away. Tony desperately whispered, "Don't pull away."
Steve also noticed the obvious change and, for the briefest of seconds, he saw heartbreak on the super soldier’s face. Peter’s guilt doubled. He shouldn’t have used his father’s name…
Ben lightly touched her shoulder and whispered, “This is real, Mar. Peter is real and there is nothing monstrous about him. Peter’s father wants to meet you and, eventually, Peter would like to meet you too.”
Other witnesses came forward to testify about the evidence collected but Steve had to block them out as the case against him grew…until Tyler was called forward.
They got back to the camp late so they had the mess hall to themselves and were given a crate of beer in addition to dinner for a job well done. The men merrily dug in and Tony sipped at his beer, watching their leader with a critical eye.
“Why am I just hearing about Stark and Potts no longer being in a relationship and that Stark is now sleeping with a man we have no information on?”
He had to wait for the elevator since his pops had used it to go after his uncle…He paused in the line of thinking and corrected himself. Pops had used the elevator to go after
Steve muffled another chuckle and happily wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulder. His husband leaned into his chest with a happy sigh.
When Tony later reflected on it, he’d swear he was only meaning to comfort Steve. What was going through his mind at the time, Tony could not tell. All he knew was Steve was upset and he wanted to do
Tony plastered his fake press smile on for Steve and replied, “Yeah! How do you want to help me put on the bandages? You want me standing or sitting?”
“Yeah, after the –,” Peter stopped himself. He took a deep breath and then reassessed, “I am not going to reveal the bumpy bit…”
Steve grunted in instant outrage and bit down on Bucky’s tongue. Bucky released him with a hiss of pain and Steve pushed himself off the couch and stumbled back.
Steve furrowed his eyebrows and he asked, “But how will you survive? You can’t stay in that machine all day.”
Their quickie turned into another two rounds. Afterwards, they dressed each other between frantic kisses. They made their way to the communal kitchen without breaking connection, their hands always on each other one way or another.
! You are not listening to me! I just want to hold on to that one little piece of my past and you are brushing it away like it is nothing!"
Ever since he proposed, Steve hadn’t left his side and was more insatiable than ever. Not that Tony minded. Oh no, he gladly kept close to his fiancé, especially if it meant more moments like this one.
"Do you just fix car engines or do you spend your time making things explode?" Jim sarcastically replied.
“I’m not so sure, I will look into it, but there may be some spiders with some advanced sensory perception similar to precognition,” Bruce murmured thoughtful. “I will need to conduct some research, of course…”
His heart jumped at the chance to go flying with the Iron Man suit. He’d only done it once before in the middle of a battle and it had been exhilarating.
“He’s Parker actually,” Steve stated. “Peter Parker. I thought he should take his mother’s name, to keep him safe from the infamy of my name and in memorial of her sacrifice…”
Mary easily pushed his hands aside and hissed, “You told me to protect that boy until the end of my existence so I am going to do just that! I have a self-destruct bomb within my core large enough to vaporize Venom along with me!”
He paused at Gwen’s name. He should have deleted his late girlfriend’s name years ago but he never had the strength to let her go. He looked at her name for a moment and his throat tightened. He eventually scrolled past her name, leaving it where it was…
That feeling totally dissipated as he saw Kilian step up behind Tony with two glowing arms and a feral grin. He felt nothing for himself or his fate. All his fear was for Tony and the fact there was a dangerous man standing behind him, unbeknownst to him.
Steve Roger’s coffin was constructed with military grade metal and had been sealed with an airtight lock. The outside was a fortress but the inside was inlaid with the most expensive and softest silks available. The silks cushioned the walls of the coffin and a silken, red shroud had been wrapped around Steve’s remains. His infamous shield lay on his chest reminiscent to the same kind of rights given to warriors of old, like he could carry it with him in his next life.
“It is not 1945, Mr. Carter,” the doctor explained, turning on the machine and it hummed to life. “It is the 6
Peter immediately looked away from him but Tony was still able to catch the flicker of fear in his eyes.
All annoyed feelings disappeared as Steve imagined their little piece of fantasy they always talked about. He cupped the back of Tony’s neck and whispered, “You and me on a private island? Just us – with no fighting super villains, no teammates walking in on us, and no vultures swooping in to take a pictures?”
Ice shrouded his skin and his heartbeat became dangerously lethargic. Steve stumbled to his feet and lurched in the direction of the people. He could feel his muscles harden, his bones grow cold, and his very joints ache and threaten to shatter.
The safe house was empty so they did not need to defend themselves. It was a small place with a kitchen, half the size of his bathroom in the Tower, with a tiny area connected to it designated to be the living room, a bathroom big enough to hold a miniscule toilet, sink, and thin shower, and a bedroom dominated by a full sized mattress devoid of sheets. Everything was old, falling apart, and dusty. No one had set foot into the apartment in a long time.
Steve put his hand over his mouth as he stepped forward and lightly touched the photo of what was obviously their wedding day.
Steve’s breath hitched when Tony pumped his head but he mostly remained silent. He lay down beside Tony and Tony took the opportunity to maneuver himself lower and then dip his head down to blow the super soldier.
“He told you that stuff about the future,” Bucky whispered, his voice so low that it was near impossible to hear. He even had his hand cupped over his mouth to keep their lip-reading friends in the dark as well. Bucky continued, “But he never outright said he was ‘gay’ too.”
He pressed his face into Tony’s hair and held him close, feeling his warmth, proof that he was alive…that they were both alive…for now. Steve gasped, “
Bruce’s words washed over him in a wave of calm. He trusted the doctor’s words. Peter was going to be alright. He looked down at his son and smiled.
“Peter,” Steve whispered lowly, as if he was trying to calm a skittish animal. He must have looked horrible if Steve was talking to him as such.
Steve mashed his lips into Tony’s, his version of slapping some sense into his boyfriend, then pulled back to stare him dead in the eye. He stated, “I’m scared to death to lose you too. I thought you had died when the Mandarin blew up your house. I am not letting you go after Kilian alone! I am not going to let him kill you! I am going to fight by your side whether you like it or not! I suggest we work together because apart we are weaker.”
Steve smiled sadly at his friend and whispered, "Don't worry about me...just worried about Bucky's mission."
Tony dropped his gaze with a frown and murmured, “We shouldn’t get into this. Not when we are fugitives. Not when we are on the run. There shouldn’t be any conflict between us, especially since Sam seems to be joining up with us.”
“W-With his aunt?” Tony garbled in confusion. This was already too much information. He could not handle it. He was still reeling over the idea of Peter practically living right down the block. Why was he living with his aunt??
Natasha landed the quinjet a hundred feet away and Steve led the Norse God to it but his thoughts were no longer on the mission but on the iron sentinel watching over the proceedings from a mile away in the sky.
“Then why don’t you use one?” Bucky asked and the imposter frowned and said nothing. Tony and Sam pointed their weapons at the imposter. Steve sighed feeling a sense of relief and lowered his arms slightly.
Any feeble hopes that the time traveler wouldn’t betray them so were utterly decimated that the crater left behind was large enough to leave his very sanity barely intact.
Morning came and Tony blearily woke to the sounds of the city waking and healing. Sirens intensified with the new light and construction crews were already busily at work.
Instead, Natasha pushed herself away from the table and spun on her heel, leaving the room in a quick gait. As soon as she left the room Bucky slowly stood and stared at the door she exited.
“No, that’s not what I meant! I –!” Tony sighed heavily and then murmured, “You can do that for now, but I want…” Tony paused and then said, “I want you to – to gather information!”
Now that he knew Tony Stark was his father, his aunt seemed to be more lax in his business. When she asked him where he was going, he curtly replied, "Out," and she did not question him anymore about it.
! What else was there to talk about that hadn’t already been said? They’ve already kissed, made out, and felt each other up so why not? They both wanted it so the decision was not too hard for him to make.
“I love you,” Peter reminded him. Wade's embrace tightened around him and Peter felt Wade’s lips wobble against his shoulder.
They smiled warmly at each other and then both leaned in to share a brief peck. Their hands remained connected and were a testament of the trials they had endured: Tony’s metal hand in place of the one he had sacrificed to defeat Thanos and Steve’s scarred hand, marred when he was willing to give up everything to save Tony. Even with the super soldier serum, his left side never fully healed, his arm especially. The joints of his elbow and hand would ache in the cold or with overuse. It never bothered Steve. It was a happy reminder that he was mortal and got the chance to be with the man he loved another day.
In his lawyers’ office, they came across another check-in desk, however, they did not need to sign in again and were quickly ushered into a conference. They sat at the end of the table and huddled close together. Steve nervously strangled his fingers and stared at the sealed door with an unwavering and hard gaze.
Tony nodded and then stated, “Then you have to give me your word that no one will know about me, even Barnes. My existence must be kept a secret. I will keep living in my suit and will only reveal myself to you in private.”
Bruce snorted loudly and sleepily announced, “I’m awake.” He rubbed at his eyes and his glasses bounced onto of his fist until he was done. He yawned and asked, “You alright?”
The lab used to feel like a sanctuary to him but, when the eyes of the other interns and the supervisors fell on him, the lab felt the furthest thing from the safe, relaxing place it used to be.
He waited, waited for the familiar, sharp pain that’d burn through his torso as the shrapnel began to move with every beat of his heart.
Tony smirked at him, expecting Steve to tease him but Steve’s expression was not carefree. Instead, it was guarded which made Tony instantly wary.
Tony chuckled and said, “No worries. First off, do you want to fuck me or shall I fuck you? I’m fine either way.”
Wade knocked the tendril aside and taunted, “Venom, Sweetie, mommy and daddy are talking right now, please don’t interrupt.”
The man walked up to him with a crooked grin and he held the reactor in front of Tony. The stranger whispered, “You don’t know me, but I know you and I wanted you to die with my face being the last thing you see. I want you to know it was me who stole your future, not Stane.”
Bucky followed Steve’s gaze and rolled his eyes when he saw Tony. He grabbed Steve’s arm and marched him out of the cafeteria.
“I also see you in him, Captain,” Ben whispered. He looked up from the photo and said, “You said Hydra had succeeded?”
“Alright, get back to the pool, you two,” Tony said and the boys did not need another word of encouragement. Their somber expressions vanished as they leapt into the water and soaked their cousins and the rest of the Avengers. Poor Bruce and Betty had been sitting with only their feet in the pool because they did not want to get wet but were now thoroughly soaked.
Moving his lips as little as possible, Tony mumbled, “Never in a million years, could I have imagined getting a shave from Captain America.”
“There are too many of them. They’ll overwhelm you!” Clint argued, “We can’t save Steve to only lose you!”
Steve went back to his room at a quicker pace as he remembered how hunger felt clutching and twisting at one’s stomach.
“I always wanted to do it. Bucky brought me to the dance halls all the time in my era but no dame ever wanted to dance with me,” Steve said, his blush growing redder.
“And I see it has cultivated and brought Master Stark to death’s door,” the robot murmured ironically.
In the morning, Tony joined Steve in the shower and made up for the lost night. Steve had just gotten in after his morning workout and Tony helped clean him,
But he was still too afraid to lead. He was not used to being his own master and making moves without command. He pressed his forehead to hers and whispered, “My heart is racing.”
“Dad?! Dad, are you okay??” Peter gasped. Dad’s eyes blinked several times in confusion and he beadily looked up at Peter.
The last few months had been crazy with attending hearings and news conferences, fighting to get the law passed while also planning this wedding. All the while raising a toddler that somehow the ability to get into EVERYTHING.
After all those weeks of travel with no sign of enemy forces, Bucky wondered if their journey was fated to be a lucky one. They had two more days of travel and they’d reach the base. Runners had already brought them missives about updated information on Hydra and Zola. The Commandos were brimming with excitement. They were going to be bringing down the Red Skull’s right-hand man soon.
“Correct,” Fury grumbled. He slipped his phone back onto his pocket and crossed his arms as he regarded Steve.
“But the state of New York says I cannot leave its borders while I’m out on bail,” Steve stated with a forced smile but his voice came out huskier than he meant it to. Steve’s smile shook as the realization crossed Tony’s face and sorrow grew in his gaze.
I will be coming out with a Soulmate AU for Steve and Tony next! If you're interested in reading either subscribe to my Ao3 account or follow me on
Tony took the list and Pepper turned away, still deep into an argument with the head of the New York Philharmonic on her cell phone.
Peter’s Spidey Sense suddenly flared and Happy slammed on the breaks, swearing loudly as the car whiplashed. Peter immediately stuck his fingers to the upholstery to keep inertia from throwing him forward. His parents, meanwhile, had no way to fight the force and were flung toward the front of the car. Steve grabbed Tony and wrapped himself around the more fragile man and muffled the impact with his body.
But he never touched Steve in any way that may be considered too intimate...even though it was all he had been dreaming about ever since that slip of a kiss they shared weeks prior.
Steve shook his head and murmured, “You just survived a never before attempted surgery and the first thing you ask about is the jello?” Steve sat down next to him on the bed and rested his hand on Tony’s thigh. He whispered, “You are not eating until morning. Doctor’s orders.”
…well, you seem like the perfect bargaining chip…Seeing as we’re family, I thought you wouldn’t mind helping your little brother.”
The Sinister Six were gathered together in a pile not too far away. Each man was handcuffed and hunched over in defeat with SHIELD agents surrounding them.
Wade stared into Peter’s eyes that were so filled with love and adoration and all of that was directed at Wade and Wade alone. Wade’s heart tightened overwhelmed by the amount of love he felt toward the man in his arms.
Wade never really understood the meaning to heartbreak until he lived in that moment where he was too late. No, Peter couldn't be...his voices were silent and his soul felt like it was shrinking away.
“Shut up, jerk,” Steve groaned, finally pulling away from his friend and turned to take in Tony’s home for the first time. It was beautiful and the views were stunning. He could easily picture Tony walking from the kitchen with a fresh cup of coffee and taking in the same view as Steve was…
In his mind, he reviewed the video Steve had showed him. It was grainy and Venom had been filmed from a distance away making it harder to see. For only a few seconds, Peter’s form had been seen but…did it truly mean he had fought back? One possibility was that he had but Tony had been thinking about another very grim possibility.
“I’m not the one you should be apologizing to,” Steve countered, running his fingers through his hair in repetitive motions.
perhaps consider the fact that the Winter Soldier is sitting on your couch watching the evening news?” Pepper hissed, “We read the same reports, Tony. He is no longer the man you once knew. He is a killer.
and that most likely hurt a lot of people, damaged machines, and destroyed property! If we do this again, it needs to be in a secure area!”
“…It’s true though, we did lie,” Steve whispered. His chest felt hallow and empty. It had felt this way since they left the court. He had been in shock since the judge read off his verdict the day before.
After a few minutes, they parted reluctantly and Steve cupped the side of Tony’s face. He whispered, “Please, can you say it back?”
Steve had wanted this but had to clench his jaw to keep his chin from trembling. He nodded curtly to show he heard him.
He was in a bed and stiff bandages covered his body. As his consciousness returned, so did the aches from barely muffled pain meds doing their job. He shifted, trying to dispel the ache but it didn’t work.
Steve shot away from Tony laughed as Steve scrambled to save their lunch and his title as grill king.
And, despite the rational to Thor’s plan, Tony mostly did not want to do it because it kept him from Steve. He wanted to fly in there and be the first to find and help his soulmate.
The robot dipped its head and murmured, “Thank you but the sole reason I am here is because of a time machine. I am from the 21
Bucky began to circle him, his pupils were the size of pinpricks. He growled, in that dead voice, “Why are you crying? Emotions and pain are useless as those memories you pine for. Stop fighting it, soldier. You are no longer human. You are our property. The past belongs to a man.
Tony’s frown deepened and he pressed his face into the pillow and harshly whispered, “Don’t call me that…”
Steve pressed his mouth into Tony’s with more ferocity and silenced any retort Tony may have had. Any other thoughts Tony may have had disappeared when Steve bent down and picked him up by his thighs, wrapping Tony’s legs around his waist and pressing Tony into the wall.
One by one, Cable turned off his monitors and closed up shop. He grumbled, “I can honestly say, I am not going to miss this place and I do not want to touch another arc reactor in the next few years.”
He was in the process of lathering his hair when the father dropped off some clothes for him by the door and then Steve sped through the rest of his washing.
“There’s only so much I can do, Sir, when you give the world’s press your home address,” Jarvis stated sardonically.
“He’s a baby, everyone likes to spoil a baby,” Bruce said with a shrug. He looked back into his microscope and murmured, “If it bothers you so much, why don’t you ask Tony about it yourself?”
Steve walked over the Bucky and picked up his son. He sat next to Bucky, placing Peter on his lap and said, “You can’t deny that you never saved my life.”
The aliens were not firing any weapons at this point which was a good sign. It gave Carol hope that she could talk to them and it’ll be a peaceful interaction.
And finding Bucky didn’t take that away. Steve’s love for Tony didn’t change the day they found Bucky, no.
Luckily, Fury had ultimately agreed with them. The spy didn’t want to spook Stephen and it would be a good trial run for the team. If they failed, the team would be terminated. Jan and Tony knew they wouldn’t fail, of course, so they had agreed to the arrangement much to Tony’s old pack dismay. Probably because they knew there was little chance of the West Coast team failing. Not with Tony and Jan at the helm, they were a dream team together.
“Carol, can you see anything on the other side? Is there anything, I don’t know, sending these things though?” Jan asked as she shot down another two ships. “Something we can stop?”
Tony felt tears form in his eyes and spill over. His hands shook as they found Jan’s own hands. “Steve?” The omega whimpered out. This was too much, too much danger for his pup. Where was his alpha, his husband? Where was his pack? Why was he alone?
Before Tony knew it, he was walking down a brownstone neighborhood. The kind that had cement squares with trees in the middle in front of every building. It was nice, quiet. It was a rare sunny day in New York. Tony could hear birds chirping. Tony slowed down his walking pace to a stroll. Tony didn’t know what was pulling him down this street, but Tony just felt it in his bones that something he needed was near.
since the omega disappeared off the face of the Earth. Nobody ever brought it up, not even Natasha. Who Bucky would find starting at Steve’s neck sometimes. Her eyes were always so distant when she would finally look away, looking at nothing.
Which didn’t bother Tony at first, in fact he was actually happy to have such an accomplished omega as his doctor. Stephen was amazing and never belittled Tony in anyway but Tony would simply prefer to have an omega doctor. It was one little line in the file Stephen had given him that made Tony’s hair stand like a cautious cat.
Tony cried so painfully that Pepper, an alpha, herself was crying herself. The smell of stress, hurt and
Jan arrived at her private hanger to see her jet already prepared. Before she boarded she checked the plan for any tracking device, knowing what Tony’s old pack would most likely do. To her surprise, she didn’t find any.
“Oh, finally!” Tony cheered as he saw his suit flying toward him. The suit’s momentum didn’t even slow down, it attacked itself to the omega smoothly, quickly and efficiently. Once the omega was in the suit, he put out his hand to the alpha. In it was a small metal device. “It’s a com, we might as well be on the same page.”
“I have no doubt you’d be exceptional at it, as you are in everything you do.” Stephen said with a hint of humor in his voice. Jan let out a laugh.
“Let me out.” Tony managed to choke up, suddenly coming back from the inside of his head. The talking stopped and they all looked at Tony. “I just need to walk, get out. Clear my head.” Tony whispered quickly. Jan and Pepper started to raise their concerns but Rhodey raised his hand to stop them. He looked at Tony, his eyes meeting the omegas.
Tony was settling well in his Italian home. It was his second trimester and it was frightening how quick 5 months had passed since his return trip from Paris. When Tony looked at his positive pregnancy test he never imagined it would lead to his current situation. He never thought he would ever be without Steve or his pack, it all seemed so cemented into fate.
deny you love, Yasha.” Natasha said, refusing to acknowledge the tears and letting him dry on her cheeks.
Bucky knew what that meant, and so did Steve. Who desperately pleated Jan to talk to Tony every time she came to SHIELD.
Tony stood in the doorway of the entrance of the house, looking over the old wooden doors. He would have to replace them. Tony could hear the excited chatter of Jan and Pepper as they explored the inside of the manor. Talking about wallpaper and home décor. Carol was flying around, she had insisted on doing another thorough perimeter check. Making sure Tony’s privacy would be intact.
“Wormhole?” Rhodey said into the com. “Then aliens came though, that’s all we have. SHIELD is scrambling to figure out anything.”
“JARVIS, deploy Iron Wasp!” Jan yelled as she spiraled down faster. “Shit! Tony!” Jan yelled as she watched her friend being chased off by the ships. Jan managed to flipped her body so she was looking down at the city. Her one wing would be able to give her enough control and cushion to not be killed by the fall but it was going to be rough.
Tony’s back began to curve, the pleasure becoming too much. Tony wrapped his legs around Steve, urging him to go faster.
Jan let out an angry sigh, this meant that her month long fight with Tony had been for nothing. It was their longest and most serious fight. Tony had asked Jan to join their pack, it was something they promised each other as children, to pack together. Jan almost caved in, she remembered how Tony looked so hopeful in her living room.
“Don’t worry about it, Stark. It’s my good deed of the day.” Strange said just as the barista gave him his two to go cups of coffee and his card back. Tony walked with Strange to the door, Tony threw his eyes at the empty table near the door.
The three made their way inside the manor. It was a far cry from the rotting inside it once was. The flooring had been replaced with marble floors and the walls were a warm white. There was a grand staircase on each side that led to the upstairs, under the split staircase was a doorway that led into the manor. The common area was decorated with couches and chairs, all lined with soft pillows and blankets and plush rugs that warmed in the Italian sun. Huge windows that took up the entire wall that overlooked the soft fields. Tony had thought about getting an alpaca or two.
The newly formed team all sat in the common room in the west wing of the Avenger’s compound. It was the opposite wing of the East Coast Avengers. They had all changed out of their uniforms and into more comfortable clothes. Pepper had arrived with bags of food from Tony’s favorite place that had the best dumplings. They all sat in the living room, around the center coffee table with the food laid out like a buffet. Trying to unwind as much as they could after today’s events.
Natasha was excited. She had a safe house in the countryside of France. It reminded her of the farm she had grown up in Russia when she was a little girl. One of the few memories she had before the Red Room. Though before she left for her hide out, she had a letter to deliver. She could only hope it would reach its intended destination.
“We need the divorce papers first.” Tony said, looking all three of them in the eye. Jan jumped in victory as she assembled the bagel sandwiches, putting a slice of cheese on the egg before putting on the top bagel slice. She plated them and filled a glass up with milk. She slid the plate and milk in front of Tony before turning to clean up her mess in the kitchen.
“You have my congratulations, Ms. Van Dyne.” The A.I responded as they passed the 15th floor. Jan let out sigh as she flipped her hair back, fixing the strap of her matching purse. It had slid down on her walk in the elevator.
“Janet, please.” Steve said, voice shaking slightly. If Jan could bring herself to care she might have noticed his red eyes, pale skin and hard panting. But she didn’t. “I just want to know he’s safe. He-”
“God, I’m sorry, Stephe-Strange.” Tony said in the most normal voice he could muster, even if some words wobbled in his throat. “It’s just, Thanos has been in my nightmares for years, and now we’re talking about taking him out like it’s nothing. And with the bab-” Tony held back his words but Stephen was a smart enough alpha to know how that sentence was going to finish. A hand touched Tony’s shoulder and brought him into the alpha’s chest. The cloak wrapped itself tighter against Tony.
, baby, you’ll forget about everything but me.” Steve said. Another hot wave of ecstasy flushed through Tony.
I hope you guys like it! I didn't know I was accidently writing a slowburn fic until I was like 'when are they gonna confess their feelings for each other" lmaoooooo. Anyway, I think this fic has a couple more chapters before it's done. Depends on the length of how the following chapters are going to go, I want to make them a little (read a lot) longer.
Tony who was blissed out, his hands still above his head. His cheeks red and eyes half closed. His own cum glistening like pears on his stomach. Steve smiled and bent down to kiss Tony, who responded with soft kisses. Steve ran his hands down Tony’s side, softly.
“So,” Jan started as she set the pan she found on the warm burner. “I hereby demote myself off the Avenger’s team effective immediately.” She said as she used a spatula to throw butter on the warm pan. This kitchen was well stocked, Pepper
Steve stood there as he heard the car leave. The elevator doors closed and were left with nothing but the binder. Steve saw wet drops fall on the front binder. Not registering that they were his.
“Flattery will get you absolutely everywhere, Stephen! See, I like him!” Jan said to Tony. “Steve never truly understood the extent of
“Yes, I would like to meet with your group and we can discuss further on how to proceed.” Stephen said, stepping around the omegas and into the kitchen area. Both omegas nodded at him. Jan took her suit jacket from Tony and slipped it on. “I’ll find you.” Stephen said.
When Tony had looked down and saw the positive pregnancy test he had been ecstatic, so over flowed with joy he yelled. A baby. In some part of Tony’s brain, he still was, but it was being overpowered with the fact the father of his child doesn't love him. Didn’t keep his promise. If Tony wasn’t pregnant God knows how he would be coping right now. But he had to keep his joy in mind.
Steve thinks his therapist is nice. Nice enough to lie. Steve knew who he was, he was simply selfish. Maybe it was because as a small guy no one looked at him, no one listened to him. Rejected by most of society because he was small and useless. Everyone but his mom and Bucky. Steve knows that’s the main reason he couldn’t just let Bucky go. Because everyone that knew him now knew him as Captain America. Not Steve Rogers, an everyday person.
That had been years ago, and now here he was again. Grown. He wasn’t that small kid Strange had befriended. No, Tony Stark had come into his full glory and he was beautiful. Strange didn’t even know he was walking into the coffee shop before he was pulling out his card. It wasn’t until Tony’s eyes met his that Strange let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding.
. A problem that needs to be dealt with. What for? Because the dominant society sees alphaless pregnant omegas as things to be pitied? Who constructed these norms? Who are they benefiting?
need to put a label on it.” The alpha explained, weaving his way through the streets as people ran in the opposite direction. “Don’t look so surprised, we all have our secrets,
Steve watched as Natasha quickly and gracefully made her way to strike him. It never occurred to Steve that he had never seen Natasha lose control, especially in battle. It was
“Oh, I can hold my own fine.” Carol said, not taking her eyes off the ships. “Just, be careful. Something about this seem,
When all of this had first started Tony had been so unsure and and frankly, terrified at what the future would hold for him. Thanos and a cheating husband. He had been worried at what he was bringing a child into, what type of world had Tony created for Peter. And while Thanos was technically still an issue, his domestic life has stabilized a lot more than he anticipated. His home was coming along nicely and would be done within the month.
Tony smiled at their interaction. Their verbal sparring was something he had rarely seen from Jan when it came to alphas. Jan always claimed alphas were always a little too hot headed to tease. When an omega through the sass back that would become offended so Jan never really bothered. Tony had only ever seen Jan joke so opening with Natasha and rarely Steve. This was different. Jan was relaxed here and the spark in her eye told Tony that she had finally found an alpha, maybe even a friend to joke around with on her level.
“We move then.” Rhodey said. “Ghost them, regroup, get everything typed out, and serve them. Tony is well within his legal ground to do so.”
“Strange, can you get this portal shut?” Jan asked as she whizzed around in the sky. Her stingers were on the highest power level, leaving holes in the spaceships she shot at.
? Why were they sad? They had no right, they did this. Tony was the bystander. Shot in cold blood by his own pack.
Rhodey was dressed in an expensive dark red, almost black suit and Pepper was dressed in a black dress with a matching black blazer. It was fitting, it felt as if they were going off to see an execution. In a way, they almost were.
.” Tony asked with venom in his voice, causing his ex pack to flinch. The metaphorical other shoe had just dropped. “What’s your reasoning? Was Barnes going to lose his mind again and go on a murder rampage until Steve fucked him? Was sticking your cock in Bucky gonna bring his memories back,
He, Jan and Pepper had finished the nursery this past week and the West Coast Avengers was running smoothly under Jan’s command. Iron Man had slowly faded out of the spotlight but when needed, Tony would send an empty suit for support and to keep up public appearances. Pepper had advised him it would be best to come out publicly about his divorce once the bond mark was gone. That was if Steve didn’t come out and say anything first. Which seemed unlikely.
“You and James are fucking.” Natasha spat out between clenched teeth. “That means I kill you and get Tony the hell out of here.”
“Can you believe, Jarv? West Coast Avengers!” Jan sang to the A.I. “I already have new Avengers gear planned out. Functional and chic!”
Jan pulled her rental car up the cottage in the mountain. It was still dark outside but would sunrise in a couple of hours. It was a warm night with a little breeze rustling the lush tall grass that surrounded the cottage. Jan grabbed her suitcase from the passenger seat and pulled it out with her as she made her way up the differently stoned walkway to the front door.
There’s a moment of breathless anticipation when they finally step into the room, Harley and Peter looking up from where they’re seated on the sofa, and Tony’s back is to the door at the moment, because he seemed to be talking to Peter, but he turns around when he hears them enter, face a mask of uncertainty and fear. And then.
“Yes it is.” Steve grumbles, rolling his eyes and trying and failing to hide his grin. “Very bad. Bad AI.
,” Pepper says, pointedly ignoring him, and Steve chuckles. “I finally managed to get a few days off work, and I was wondering if it was a good time to bring Morgan over to...visit with Tony.”
He gets fed and watered, and then put to bed in that order, by mother-hen Captain America, who Tony has discovered is impossible to escape once he gets up to his mother-henning ways.
The place is achingly similar to the lab Steve had seen in Stark tower, the few times he went down there to drag Tony out for non-negotiable things like food, water and sleep. The layout is generally the same, with a few small differences here and there, and Steve supposes it makes sense, that Tony would want his work spaces to all be rather familiar.
to you, Steven?" He whispers, a frown marring his brow, and Steve tilts his head at the fact that the man knows his name, even though Steve's never offered it. He’s looking at him, looking and searching for something, and Steve doesn’t know how to respond, doesn’t know how to give him what he’s looking for. He’s empty.
There’s a small glimmer of light out of the corner of his eye, and it’s all the warning Steve gets before a quiet voice says from beside him. "Penny for your thoughts?" He turns to see the hologram form in full, flickering in unobtrusively.
Tony flickers out, looking thoroughly shaken, and Steve sits there, utterly perplexed. He wonders if it’s something he said, something that offended Tony, but when he runs over their previous conversation from start to finish in his head, he can’t find anything out of the ordinary.
qualified person to ask, especially in his current frazzled state of mind, but he frowns a bit anyways, thinking.
"Don’t change the subject.” Tony responds, sharklike smirk sliding firmly into place, and Steve takes back what he said about the AI being different because this,
“I will if it comes to that.” Steve finally promises quietly, deciding it as a last resort, not wanting to alert the media to another Iron Man(they got lucky the first time) if this turns out to be just a one-and-done mission. The promise seems to appease Peter, who finally signs off with a last plea to be careful.
“Of course.” and Steve begins talking, recounting all the amazing things Tony had done, dragging up as many funny stories as he possibly can, and he smiles when he finally manages to get Morgan to laugh. When he goes to leave, she grabs his hand in quite a strong grip for a kid, and Steve understands it for what it is, an unspoken plea to not be left alone, one that Steve remembers giving himself as a sickly child, looking out of the window with his mother by his side as the doctors told him he was going to die.
The meeting ends tensely, with Maria rushing to get back to SHIELD headquarters, and Tony flickering out as the Iron Man armour heads back to his workshop, mouth stuck in a tense line. Bruce, Scott and Hope follow the armour as well, talking with Tony via the compound speakers all down the hallway, a stream of unintelligible technical jargon, science and theories.
Steve gasps in surprise as Tony burrows further into him, face planted in Steve’s neck because his skin is cold, and Tony is so warm and so alive in his arms, but maybe not-not for much longer.
It’s only after Steve heads to his room when he realizes Tony has been unusually quiet all through dinner, only interjecting at certain points. Steve had been a little too out of it to really take notice, dozing a bit through the movie, but now he decides he should probably check in to make sure Tony’s okay, especially after...
“..Yes? Yes. Yes I did.” Bruce had nodded, after Tony had notified them that Scott had just rang in, looking uncertain. “Yes, I remember asking Scott about how his trip was going during the phone call, that was something that had happened.”
Steve raises his eyebrows at Tony, daring him to argue, trying to will him into hearing what he’s saying, and Tony finally looks away, staring down at the bathroom counter.
“No chance punk,” Bucky gives him a shit-eating grin, and punches him on the shoulder, turning to Ned, Peter and Harley. “Those PSA’s are dirty
Steve supposes there’s not much information to go from, but from what he can see, the doors look undisturbed. He knows Tony had worked on Stark Industries inventions and the Iron Man armour quite a lot from here after he had come back out of retirement around the time of their fall-out up until the final battle.
“Is there any particular reason we’re starting right from the beginning again?” Wanda asks after the first ten minutes of the episode.
- mutters in despair. Tony doesn’t think he’s supposed to hear it, but he decides to comment on it anyways.
Steve mumbles incoherently in response before finally resurfacing to look at Tony, pink flush still visible in his cheeks.
There also have been a couple plot holes I noticed after some re-reads, some dialogue I'm not entirely on board with, and so overall, I intend to just do a huge editing session with all the previous chapters, re-write some points, figure out a proper full on timeline, all that good stuff, and start posting after I already have a lot of stuff written, instead of just scrambling to get things done and on schedule (a schedule which I have not kept to remotely btw XD). The overarching plot is gonna stay the same, but just the events and timelines and possible writing style/dialogues are gonna be changed and edited so that I can actually continue the story without huge issues lmao.
But Tony’s smarter than he has any right to be, and if Steve coughs in front of him, if he hacks up any petals, if he falters at all, Tony will put two and two together, Steve’s presence on the night of his almost passing, and that.
“Good. I notified some people in the compound when you became unresponsive. Just thought to inform you, they’ll probably get here in a couple of minutes.” Tony continues on to say, and Steve freezes as he realizes the implications.
Steve suspects the sledding might just be an excuse for Tony to laugh at him when he faceplants into a snow drift halfway through, but Steve doesn’t care, because Tony’s laughing and sledding is
They sat in silence for a second, staring at each other worriedly while Tony looked on, thoroughly amused.
Steve runs away before the computer can prompt him for confirmation again, and he doesn’t look back.
“I’m offended darling.” Tony says, putting a hand to his chest in faux pain, “I remember dates. I remembered the date of our anniversary didn’t I? You know, the date I finally told you I’m in love with you? Have I told you that lately, babe, sweetheart, sugar? That you’re the love of my life, the apple of my eye, the sunshine-”
Steve, that’s completely wrong, this question makes no logical sense for a high schooler, what kind of-”
Tony snorts at the ridiculous tableau Steve makes and quickly snaps a picture, captions it “I’ve Fallen And I Can’t Get Up” and sends it to the Avengers and Tara.
Steve sighs. “I thought I was finally okay,” he says, not looking at Tony, voice small and anguished. Tony sighs, the hologram staring up at the ceiling.
There are sad moments of course, there’s bound to be with them discussing all that’s happened in the almost fifteen years after the final battle with Thanos (really to be expected that Steve took so long to get here, he’s the peak of human health even at ninety), but it doesn’t last, because they all know that it’s not the end, not really. They’ll see all of them again eventually.
“If you had come in sooner to help us, it might not have changed a thing, or it might’ve changed everything.” Steve glares back, not yielding an inch. “You
He shouldn’t have let his opponent take him off guard like that. Two years ago, maybe he wouldn’t have. Would have been more alert, not so quick to relax. If he’s going to keep leading in Sam and Bucky’s absence, he needs to clean up his act, get back into the mindset.
“Sure,” Nat crumples up the empty pretzel bag and gracefully unfolds herself from the couch to throw it away. “I’m always for fucking things up, you know that.” she smirks at Steve and he laughs in response.
“It’s not my place.” he counters firmly, and Pepper laughs softly, “then why did you ask if we’ve seen it? Is it me or Rhodey or Happy’s place then?” Steve frowns in confusion.
sometimes-” Steve finally stops the act with a snort and just leans forward on his knees and laughs, face buried in the edge of his sketchbook. It smells like old paper and he’s probably getting graphite smudges on his face, but he wouldn’t change this moment for the world.
“I was taking another look through some of human Tony’s old schematics,” Tony began slowly, fidgeting a bit, and Steve is a little worried because Tony looks nervous. “Y’know, just doing some housekeeping, cleaning up some things, getting familiar with the systems, and I came across a shit-ton of inventions, there are just so
The man looks at him in surprise and more than a little bit of sadness. "Anthony. But everyone calls me Tony."
Steve walks in fully, shutting the door behind him with a soft click and a smile. "About an hour ago at most. Mind telling me why Rhodey is yelling all around the castle about his dead, kidnapped daughter, which you seem to be in possession of this very moment?"
The material stretches, slams forward past her arm movement and knocks Scott and Wanda back easily, both unprepared. They hit the pavement with a sickening sound, and Steve immediately moves forward to stop her, to block them from her when she makes a motion to strike again, dread coiling in his stomach, mind racing, but before any of them can react, she shoots forward and grabs him in a viselike grip instead, and takes off.
“How-” Steve tries again, before falling silent once more. The AI gives him an amused look, so human, so
Bucky groans from where he is currently face-planted into the counter and Steve and Tony turn again to watch him. “You guys are so cheerful. It’s
“What is it?” Steve asks before he can stop himself. Tony jumps, relaxes when he sees it’s just Steve.
“We’ll make a ceremony of it, make him wear his war machine armour.” Steve agrees, and they laugh softly, before falling silent again.
Tony clears his throat awkwardly, even though he doesn’t need it. “Bruce helped me out with that, since. Hologram. The EMP worked well the first time I used it of course, but the end result was dangerous, because of how widespread the pulse was, so we fixed it to be more adjustable, everywhere from a blast radius of two blocks to one that’s five metres, and inputted it into most of the armours.”
He opens his eyes slowly, squinting a bit against the bright lights and sees Scott, Wanda and Bruce sitting at his bedside, still in their battered uniforms and gear, Bruce on the floor leaning against a wall since they don’t seem to have a chair reinforced enough for him yet.
“Certainly Agent Barton” comes Jarvis’ dry and rather spontaneous input. Everyone bursts out laughing.
“Plain old Steve Rogers from Brooklyn, we get it.” Bucky recites with an air of long suffering, and Steve finally peels back the wrapper on his yogurt, rolling his eyes.
“Oh Steve,” Pepper says, pained look on her face, and Steve stops, changing tracks. “-right, I’m sorry, you don’t need to hear that right now
Steve manages to muster up a weak smile for the AI, but then has to look away quickly, blinking, because it just emphasizes the memory of Steve getting to know
“No one you need to interest yourself in anymore” He assured, rising to meet the God eye to eye “but don’t fool yourself, flaunting your fiancée about is not the harmless play anymore. Keep your eyes open and your ears on the ground... Something is in the works in here and I don’t like the smell of it.”
Steve blinked back to the present, meeting the cautious, worried glances of the Gods. One sat on a high stool with a bare hand held up for referral, and the other; pouting and bruised in the far corner of Steve’s workshop.
The Avengers sat in the large royal table, next to the Guardians of the Galaxy, both teams speaking quietly to the other, or throwing insults at each other, as Tony and Peter argued of the source of the Starlord’s abysmal intellect. Thor approved of this.
Thor lost the war with his conscious self and crawled lightly into the bed, his wanton eyes ravaging the sensuous lines of his betrothed and gently, Thor dared to touch.
Steve pretended to overturn his cup in a blushing scramble when one of the girls sent him a parting wink. Frigga jumped as the hot liquid was spilt, soaking the mantle and dripping down to her lap.
The tree nodded along and pushed the human, non to gently to the side, before taking the Captain’s hand and shaking it vigorously “I am Groot.”
Steve could feel the heavy gaze of the God on him, and he reluctantly turned to meet it, only to find that the All Father wasn’t looking at him, but at the other odd one out in the room.
Steven released deep down the God’s throat with a cut off cry; his large cock thrust all the way, hips rolling in place, his heavy member massaging Thor’s walls and drawing out his pleasure in smooth, incredibly sensual motions until he grew still; a soft mewl escaping his gaged lips as Thor drew out and gave teasing, parting suckles to his softening cock.
And he did, as he dropped the archer on the mat with a bounce for the fifth time. He roared his victory to those bearing witness.
Tony arrived to the UN council doors with a crash, the doors flying out of it’s hinges and out of his way as he flew into the Council room to land in front of the Asgardian General, who tracked his movements with golden, creepy eyes. Tony fought to keep himself from fidgeting under his gaze.
Granted, most nights than not he ended with more problems than he had begun with, but Loki had always managed to shead light to the real questions that would haunt his mind, and thus, Thor could settle his focus on them. Or not, as he remembered many procrastinations on his youthful years where letting a problem fester into oblivion had been his favorite problem-solving tool. Much to his brother’s annoyance.
“Widow, I want you on the Jet, clear the path to the doors, we need to get the representatives out of there before it get’s ugly”
“You must really love him.” The Captain mused, pressing his side to his husbands in quiet sympathy. Thor’s throat closed in a knot as the faces of both his brother and his friend met side to side in his heart’s hold.
“Ehhh, hold that thought for a second.” Tony brought out the manila folder from his coat, only a couple of new stains on the front as he set it in front of the President “He doesn’t belong to America.”
She shook her head firmly, letting her messy locks of hair fall and conceal for a second her hurt. But when Thor took a hand to swipe it away, her face was cold and still as the frozen lakes of Jotunheim. Thor’s heart began to speed as he too sat up straight, hands cupping Jane’s slight face tenderly.
“Heimdall, by the Norn’s!” Frigga exclaimed, descending from her mare with a startled jump at the sight of the handsome Guardian’s face, quite frankly, smashed to a pulp.
“Really Thor, it has been barely a day!” Frigga cried as Odin massaged his temples, sitting despairingly in his Throne.
That would not do. “He pierced the beasts’ heart through its mouth with a branch.” Thor declared, loud and clear for all to hear, proclaiming the prowess of his Betrothed to Gods and men.
Thor’s heart trembled and fell at the words, hurt silencing his protests in the face of his own father shaming him so.
The children squealed in delight, causing Bruce to wince as the boy’s shriek went straight to his ear, but smiled gratefully as both Cooper and Lila scrambled to his side of the table.
“I said nothing, husband.” And he very pointedly plopped a cushion on his lap, a cheeky grin on his face as the flush on his husband’s face and neck spread lower still.
Thor blinked, a demented gleam to his eyes now that it drawled on him “You mean to say we were alone and unattended for a whole hour.”
Frandal moaned in despair as the blond pair exited the tent, his complains drowned out by the Giant’s eager coxing and chuckles.
Thor’s eye twitched at the audacity of the lovely man “You killed a Bilgesnipe” He repeated, then recoiling as he observed the surroundings “With your bare hands?”
“What is it?” Steven eyed the God with interest as Thor pulled him to sitting, keeping the man close as he settled them up straight.
So much so that one night the boys had risen from their sleep in the middle of the night, silently scurrying to cause mischief someplace in the dark. Heimdall had appeared under their beds and pulled at their skinny ankles.
“We are not doing this Thor!” The Captain interjected with a twitch of his lush, pink lips at the God’s surly antics.
Loki laid awkwardly next to his parents, breathing shallow and labored under Mjolnir’s weight and glared defiantly at his Father.
Volstagg stood next to the Captain and placed a kind hand to the shoulder “Is any weapon to your liking, Captain?”
to you. I-“ Thor cut himself short as a sob threatened to rise, lowering his gaze from that of his sweet, delightful, utterly perfect husband and rasped instead “Which finger?”
“He’s got a point…” The Doctor quipped around a long drink of his mead, his dark eyes shining with the influence of the hard beverage, smiling under the astounded looks of the other parties. Loose and relaxed as he never is in the presence of others, the man smiled connivingly “I’m just saying, my brain wasn’t paying all the bills”
“Ahh! Captain” Thor cried in pain as he was dragged out of the chambers “I will speak with the Masters of Art!”
After their morning rituals were tended to, the golden pair carried their bags to the stables where their cart awaited, freshly polished and set with other necessities for their camping and meals. Steven went about settling their bags in with the rest of their things as Thor entered the stables to the far side with a huge grin.
To the side, the voice man of the chamber (a man of high stature and willowy limbs that for the previous weeks had made himself into a near literal bane of Thor’s existence)  shuffled up to the stand and declared the Session Open, calling forth General Ross of the United States of America, to begin his speech.
“Tony, that’s enough” Miss Potts intervened, laying a hand to Stark’s chest where not a month ago, the arc reactor laid like a fallen star “It was a misunderstanding, it happens”
That night he tossed and turned restlessly in his bed, thoughts spinning a suffocating web in his mind, like an itch he wouldn’t scratch least he uncover the rotting, worm filled innards of his doubts.
Thor jolted once more, finally noticing the other body in the room. The impervious Guardian of the Door burst to life with a bored blink, nodding slightly before walking out of the room into the adjacent antechambers.
He was doomed either way, he stood and walked to the platform of the Avengers Tower, steps wobbling and unsteady, whatever poison the man of Iron had stung him with still coursing though his veins. He felt the call of Mjolnir to the west, his heart clenched with barely restrained disgust. He ignored her sirens song. Turning his head towards the heavens, he bellowed for Heimdall’s ever watchful gaze.
The God dipped in and took his husbands lips in a fevered, wanton kiss; pressing his spouse into the bed with his whole weight, caging him in, covering him with his body so as to protect him from the world outside, keep him his forever. And at this moment he could think of only one way to do this.
In Asgard, Odin let out a frankly disturbing cackle of laughter as he and the royal family (minus Loki who to this point remained unaware of the fires that he had set) spied on the oblivious humans scratch at their heads like the apes they had sprung from and paw at Mjolnir with ever increasing frustration.
“We assumed we would just follow the wanton wailing to the slut.” Drax said, hands leisurely set on his hips as if he was not facing an omniscient God and an angry Master Spy. Groot nodded his assent with the statement.
Thor grinned at the thought of the time to come, where Steven would rule by his side, the idea enough to cheer the sulking God. The once daunting weight of the crown somehow lighter now with the prospect of the Captain sharing the throne. “He will be a perfect consort to the crown”
Thor felt bile rise to his throat as the pounding in his chest set deafening screams in his head. Jane looked on motionless.
Steve continued to shift uncomfortably in his new clothes as the rest of the Avengers stared at each other silently, measuring one another until the Doctor shrugged and suggested “Higher death poll?”
Thor had to clasp his hands behind his back to avoid coming forth and slapping those bony fingers away from his betrothed. Luckily Director Fury had no such qualms as he strode forward and smacked Master Bragi’s hands with a smart flick of his wrist. “Enough of that. State your purpose or get the fuck out. I want my portrait done before diner.”
Steven appeared to have bathed and promptly settled in for a light slumber, skin still glistering with scattered drops on his perfect chest. His hair still wet and a couple of shades darker, falling in unruly locks over the man’s smooth forehead. Some of the longest strands coming to tease the long fluttery lashes marking those sky blue eyes before the man brushed them back and to the side in a careless sweep.
The Thing let out a screech of pain before taking hold of the handle and ripping the sword out in a splash of ink black blood. Steve grimaced as some of it hit his face and silently prayed it wasn’t acid like in the Alien movies Tony had made him watch. When the liquid didn’t melt his face off, he exhaled in relieve. Taking in the Beast now climbing to its feet, one arm hanging uselessly to the side and bloody sword held in an angry grip.
Thor stole another kiss before turning back to his meal, purposely ignoring Sif’s downcast mood. “I will introduce you after, you will love him, I’m sure”
“I know you love him” Pepper confided, speaking to the mangled thing that was his chest “I have known for a while now… I just thought you loved me more”
Hey, we are up to over 400 kudos in a space of a couple of chapters!! you guys are amazing and I just had to finish this chapter for you all; I had the dialogs mostly written for this one, so I was able to finish it in a couple of breaks, next week there will be no updates as my test nears. I hope this one is up to par. Kudos
The soldier’s throat began to close, his breathing coming in harsh rasps as he felt the walls begin to close in on him. He pulled his knees to his chest, trying to remember Sam’s advice when these spells happened.
Thor stood amongst them that afternoon, allowing the clouds above to gather as his eyes watered. The first rain drop hit the ground as the first tear slid down his sunken cheek. He cried in soft sobs, the rain falling in steady, heavy drops on dry, cracking soil.
He makes sure the last stop he makes is in 1970, and then he stops all at once, hand poised above the mechanism on his wrist.
“No.” Steve says quietly back. “I think I’m more annoyed than angry. I just…” He trails off hesitantly, not sure if he wants to hear the answer. “...is it my fault?”
“We aren’t actually outside the timestream technically,” Addilynn explains as she sets up the equipment in the room she had taken them to, “Hence explaining why people only arrive here when they die in real time, so you can rewind the Screen to what has already happened, but you can’t actually look into the future without some serious juice to back it up.”
“I was confused at how cold you were that first week. I remembered you from my childhood as someone so vibrant, and alive with love and laughter. You made friends with everyone. You drew me a picture of a robot I told you I wanted to build, while I was still a snot-nosed little kid. And Howard was one of your best friends. Yet you were a complete stranger when I met you in your castle. I think I was falling for you already in that month before I collapsed, because even unfeeling, you were just still so...
no, it's not true, none of this is Tony's fault but he can't take it back and Tony's face just. He crumples.
Steve sighs, figuring that’s the best he can ask for from the AI, and starts unwrapping the rest of his bandages, Tony watching the entire time.
He wants him to go back to his Pepper and his Rhodey, wants him to be happy in his Kingdom of Summer once again, once he realizes that Steve is a lost cause, that there’s nothing he can do. Once Steve finally goes, whichever one gets him first, and Tony can be free of his burden of Steve and whatever misplaced sense of obligation he seems to have, and be happy again.
Pepper chases Happy with a foamy sponge, Wanda keeps making silverware levitate, Morgan is declared the Greatest Dish Dryer in the Universe™, Tony keeps shutting off the high-tech faucet at random times just to be annoying, and Bruce breaks one of the plates because he was laughing so hard at a joke Rhodey told that he forgets he’s holding one and accidentally lets go.
And Steve can’t let Tony know. He doesn’t want Tony to be in pain, doesn’t want him to be guilty, doesn’t want Tony to figure out a way to take back his burden, because if anyone could figure it out, would be as selfless and self sacrificing, it would be him.
you, deep breathes he says-” Tony wheezes, and Steve’s worried now, about to get up and call someone for help, but then he stops in his tracks when Tony lunges at him.
“Oh, I dunno Steve, not sure if you can handle it. Besides, Carol told me in confidence y’know, wouldn’t want to break her trust.”
Wanda nods, giving Tony a gentle smile. “It’s not really human Tony’s fault either, he didn’t do anything wrong, we’re all just. Still mourning I guess. We miss him.”
Steve gives him a fond look when Tony tosses him his helmet, and they make their way into the restaurant.
“Weeks! Weeks ago! Not now,” he stresses this fact, smiling at Tony. “Because, it probably took me way too long to accept the fact that he’s gone. It took me like, almost a year? To open Tony’s lab for fuck’s sake.” He shakes his head. “But, like Pepper told me, Tony Stark wouldn’t have
“A miracle?” he offers innocently, and is warmed to the core by Tony’s resulting happy, carefree laugh.
There’s no need to. Steve doesn’t sweat, doesn’t do any of the mundane things that humans do. He remains frozen, both in time and physically, and so that part’s not difficult at all.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Look kid, I’ve heard it all. Didn’t really think you had anything new to say.” He tilts a little on the uncomfortable plastic chair to look around the kid and nod at the death ray. “Nice machine though. I like the colour scheme.” The villain stares at him some more.
? I just? What?” Steve stops to give Tony a perplexed look. “I have no idea where this is coming from, but Tony, there is nothing
“Well this seems ominous,” Tony says as he takes in the variety of window cubicles lining the walls. There are some people milling around here, laughing with each other and talking.
“Steve! We were in the rec room there was a noise and I thought I heard - but it’s not possible right because - I - I -” and Peter stops when the tableau registers for him and everyone else, the image of Steve sitting curled up at the base of the table, half-panicked expression on his face with a flickering hologram of Tony Stark kneeling in front of him.
He honestly hadn't expected to enjoy filming as much as he had. He’s spent his entire life in front of cameras, and he’s always felt the suffocation of it acutely, and didn't expect this situation to be any different. Except now, while he’s discussing different camera angles and the way a certain shot is supposed to look with Tara, he can finally choose the way he wants to express himself. He has a choice, and it's…oddly freeing.
Morgan giggles when Steve makes a scrunched up scary face at her, and she scrunches up her face in return, which again, is absolutely adorable. Pepper watches them fondly.
“Or you could take the easy way out and let me record a video of you singing.” Tara suggests, gesturing behind her.
“Sam and Bucky have kind of formed a sort of two-person team I think, Captain America and The Winter Soldier. They seem to be getting along a lot better now.” Steve picks up another oreo. “Thor video calls sometimes when he’s able to. Still arguing with Quill, so nothing has really changed there. Rocket seems to find it amusing. He and Groot have started eating snacks when it happens according to Mantis. Oh!” Steve perks up, eager to be the bearer of good news.  “Did you know Mantis and Drax are together now?”
Steve laughs wetly, squeezes tight before he steps back from the hug, taking her in because it felt like only hours ago to him where he would’ve never been able to see any of them again.
He watches as Steve gets on the launch pad of the machine with that expression on his face, and Tony’s not surprised that Steve manages to change the game entirely just like he always does. He’s glad that he gets to live out a happy life, if not a bit perplexed.
Tony nods, now looking uncertain again, so Steve dials back a bit. “I mean of course that’s entirely up to you - I didn’t tell her anything other than that, she just happened to know about what it meant when I asked. I figured you should tell her the rest yourself if you want to, because yeah privacy so. There. That. Um.”
“I’ve been practicing anyways with writing with my left hand, Tony, I can do it, I know I can, just watch-”
Steve’s mind doesn’t really register what he’s looking at at first; when it does, Steve feels an almost mortifying urge to laugh hysterically, because it’s a goddamned
“Don't worry sir,” Jarvis’ amused lilt responds to Tony’s guilty ceiling glaring. “I have long since stopped taking offense at your various faux pas.”
Immediately worried, Steve hesitates, not sure if he should ask if Tony's okay or give him space to start talking when he wants to.
Tony grins, sharklike. “What can I say Agent Hill? You know I’m a paranoid bastard.” he sweeps a cursory glance over the tupperware still clutched in Iron Man’s gauntlet, face growing serious. “SHIELD’s not getting this one Maria...I need to check to see if these nanites are similar to the bleeding edge armour. And no one else is getting any possible blueprints of my tech if I can help it.” Tony’s voice brooks no argument.
There’s a shocked gasp as the final loop comes away, and Steve looks over to see Tony staring at him in horror.
Tony.” Natasha informed him, amused. Bucky grinned and made his way around the desk, he reached a hand out to ruffle Clint’s hair.
Tony just shook his head and walked out the door and got into the car he came back in. Tony simply entered the driver seat, the car’s dashboard and inner lights turned on, JARVIS was saying something but all Tony could hear was a loud ringing in his ears, loud white noise. Almost as if someone was screaming.
.” Tony let out a whine and just started crying again, as if he hadn’t been crying for hours already.
They moved quickly, it was easy to, Tony and Rhodey didn’t have any luggage and Pepper only packed for a weekend so they were out the door in less that 20. They took the car Rhodey had driven, Tony checked it over for any tracking devices but it was all clear. Tony had told Pepper to put all his properties for sale, sell it all. They were Tony’s, the pack had just been simply living off his land and money with no second thought, no concern. Happy to feast on what they pleased.
There was enough realistic planning for Tony to agree to the plan. He ate one of the bagel sandwiches as he mulled things over. Maybe he was moving too fast, maybe he should hear them out. They never treated him poorly, it just didn’t make sense in Tony’s head. As the rest of the group chatted around Tony, he wondered how much of it was a lie. When did it start? Why didn’t they tell him?
His own sunglasses were tinted red, the kind that had JARVIS installed, just like Jan’s. JARVIS was currently taking in any information and trying to locate Stephen as best as he could but the AI could find nothing. So Tony and Jan opted to just walk around and wait for dumb lick.
He was older now, he seemed more filled out than his school boy days. He was in a gray suit, with a soft looking red tie that out of the corner of Tony’s eyes it almost seemed to...
The plan was to keep the ships from reaching the level of the city, to shoot them down before they could do anything. Carol was taking the bulk of it, vaporizing the hoards of ships that were coming through the rip. Tony, Jan and Rhodey were taking down the other 20% that were slipping by Carol. The three mostly worked to keep the ships from reaching Stephen, so the sorcerer could have the space and time to close the damn thing.
. He wasn’t supposed to be crying constantly. Maybe he could pass it off as pregnancy hormones and save some face.
I hope that clears some things up! I really don't mean to make this all serious. I'm just some person writing a fic for fun, ya know, it isn't that deep ya know. It's all chill here.
Then suddenly, his nose was pressed against a solid mass. It was familiar, comforting. The scent that filled his nostrils was one he knew, long ago. It had helped him through one of the few times he had panicked. Something he hadn’t forgotten. Arms wrapped around him and Tony melted like ice cream in the Arizona desert. This was all too much too fast. Steve, aliens, Thanos, losing a pack, being
“We’re gonna get you in a bath and some food, okay Tony?” Pepper said gently, slowly pulling off Tony’s dress shirt that he had been wearing for the past two days. Tony’s head started to feel light, the smell of Pepper’s skin calming him, pulling him into a lull as he was gently led to the bathroom. Rhodey kissed the top of Tony’s head as he helped him into the tub, the water was hot and Tony felt himself melt.
Rhodey and Pepper looked at each other with smiles, this was the first time Tony had laughed and looked genuinely happy. Jan was pulling him upstairs while asking Rhodey to bring her suitcase. Jan chattered about how yellow was a perfect nursery color as they made their way into the room the three had been sleeping in. Jan didn’t stop spewing out ideas even as she dug into her suitcase again. Not stopping until she found the MIT sweatshirt she had brought and threw it to Tony who buried his nose into it.
Not that it mattered to Bucky but it did hurt. It felt wrong comforting Steve, it felt wrong making meals for a pack that was falling apart. But this was 50% his fault so he had to take responsibility. There wasn’t much to do other than that. Bucky didn’t bother reflecting on his own feelings on the subject, he didn’t think he could survive it.
Stephen looked at Jan and gave her a half smile. “It’s...definitely progress.” Was all he said. Jan jumped and fist pumped the air.
. If only Howard could see how Steve was treating his son. Steve forced himself not to think about it, not needing to crumble under his already enormous weight of guilt. Not here.
Steve had even been brave enough to march into Stark Industries and push his way into Pepper Pott’s office. Bucky and Natasha had gone with him, to keep him in line as much as they could. Bucky had never met a more terrifying alpha than Pepper Pott’s and he used to be HYDRA’s personal Ken Doll.
Ah, Steve. The subject that had been on Tony’s mind more as his due date became closer and closer. There was no denying that Peter was Steve’s child too, as much as it pain’s the omega to admit it. It also pained Tony to have intimate knowledge of how badly Steve wanted children. When Tony had brought up the possibility of trying for a kid he had never seen Steve’s face lightening up so fast and bright. Not even when they had found Bucky.
Bucky watched Steve deteriorate before his eyes. Steve tried to hide it as well as he could but Steve couldn’t hide from Bucky. Even after all these years. It started the day Tony left, how could it have not? The pack was in a panic, scrambling to find the omega. Only to be told to fuck off by Janet, the only person who could tell them where Tony was.
“You’re fucking gorgeous, sweetheart.” Steve hissed, Tony only moaned softly around Steve’s thumb in agreement. Steve took his hand back, lifting Tony up by grabbing the back of his thighs. Tony yelped and wrapped his legs around Steve. Tony leaned down to kiss Steve again, hands playing with the hair at Steve’s nape. Steve slowly backed up to the edge of the bed and sat down, content with Tony in his lap. They stayed that way before Steve turned both he and Tony and gently tossed Tony onto the bed. Tony wasted no time, grabbing the bottom of his sweater and pulling it off. Steve put his arms on either side of Tony, kissing and licking Tony’s neck. One of Steve’s hands played with Tony’s pink nipple, causing Tony to squirm.
“Nat, please, please let me explain.” Steve pleaded as Natasha slid to the floor, the wind knocked out of her.
Carol let out a laugh, a sparkle in her eyes that had not been there before. She nodded in their direction. “You guys are the captains.” She said, picking her plate back up. “Let me know how it goes.”
Bucky stayed standing in the middle of the gym, he didn’t know how long. Steve had eventually come to get him. Concern in his eyes.
“This is about Stark, isn’t it?” Bucky called her out. Natasha threw him a sharp look and he knew this would be his one and only warning from her. To stay off this topic, ‘
Steve, at first, didn't understand why he had been suddenly ripped from the small apartment to Bucky’s room in the pack compound. There was a ringing in Steve’s ear, blocking out mostly everything. He heard muffling to his right, where the door was. Steve looked down to see his hands were no longer on Bucky’s hip. Bucky looked to be scrambling off the bed. Steve cocked his head in confusion. That wasn’t right.
Tony must have passed out at some point because it was dark, he was in a bed and being huddled by two alphas. It was warm and safe and familiar.
. No, there was no irrational huffing under the omega’s skin. And there certainly weren’t pregnancy hormones running rampage bringing Tony to tears when he did read that line in his office. And there was absolutely no urging from his omega brain to keep Stephen far far away from her as she was a threat to his pack. Just like Bucky had been.
A tall, strong, handsome alpha coming to the omega prince’s tower and rescuing him from his awful prison. Storming the castle on a white horse. It was a concept that kept a child Tony daydreaming. Finding a handsome prince to love and cherish him. Tony thought he found that in Steve, and for a while, he did.
“Yes, the Mad Titan.” Thor said as he stroked his axe. “He has been causing chaos across the realms. My oracles tell me we are weaved into the Titans' fate as he is to ours.”
Jan ran into the field of soft tall grass with no shoes and straight into Thor’s chest. The god caught her with ease and spun her around, a big cheerful smile on his face. Jan squealed in excitement and kissed his cheek.
Rhodey punched in a key code by the front door of the house and the door opened. It was dusk and the house was mostly empty, just orange sunlight coming through the thin white curtains. Rhodey and Pepper lead Tony upstairs, which were barely furnished, all of them had beds as well as random furniture and decorations. The trio settled in the master bedroom, it being the least cluttered with furniture and had a bathroom attached.
Jan looked at her best friend with a smile but sad eyes. She walked around the island and wrapped her arms around Tony.
give him soup. Tony walked over to set the soup on the right bedside table, knowing Steve would eventually see it.
“Tony’s coming along fine, he’s past the halfway mark. I think Strange is bringing a doctor he trusts to Tony. Check on Peanut’s progress, and all. Strange’s been busy as of late.”
“Jan, before you make any assumptions-” Tony tried to backtrack but Jan had already cemented her victory.
“They just keep coming.” Tony said, breathing heavy as he kept his repulser's up and aiming at the silver saucers. It was starting to feel a little hopeless, it seemed when they got one craft down another would just take its place.
All in all, quite the fruitful endeavor to say the least, and as he had been able to save the good Captain of being hounded by the most daring members of the court seeking favor of the man, or simply lusting after Thor’s intended. Well, the new fantasies could only be a well-deserved reward.
Later they flew the Jet back to the Tower, autopilot soaring the ocean skies following the night all the way to New York while the Avengers laid together in the cold metal floor. Trying and failing to sleep, all but Bruce, now in his human version and snoring the exhaustion of the Hulk away. They sprawled in silence as they took in the events of the day, and what was to come.
Thor had been shaken to the core after his meeting with the Director, not even spending the afternoon with Steven and watching him spring life with his brushes could settle the feeling of dreed in his heart. As the night grew old, he found himself descending to Asgards dungeons.
They had all gathered as he was getting ready, and it had actually been a good thing as he had struggled to slip into his wedding… attire, by himself. A new version of his uniform, as Asgard was a warrior race, his battle uniform was more fit than his military regalia. Though the Asgardian take on his Captain America suit was… well, something else.
“God, you’re perfect” Tony choked, thrusting in and out in fast, punishing strokes and finally, he felt it. The wetness soaking his trousers, spilling down his legs and onto the ruined leather of the sofa.
“Thee who is worthy of Thor. The mighty Thor, thunderer, legendary warrior and savior of Asgard; how could anyone ever be worthy of the God of Thunder? Odin’s golden boy? Only another-“
“No, we don’t” He agreed, and reluctantly stepped back. walking backwards, eyes glued on his friends, as he paced to join fury at the center of the platform; just as the clock struck 16:00 h.
He was tugging on an obstinate strip of silk caught somewhere in his underthings when he heard the shocked gasp. Thor rose his eyes to the furiously blushing maiden laying their breakfast down on the table. The God smiled brightly at the young girl and winked as he took the tray from her lax hands back into the Bedding Rooms with a pronounced sway of his skirted hips.
That night after a delicious meal by Steven’s hand, stews being one of the only things he swore by as most of his life before the ice had been spent boiling all his food. The soldier knew his way around condiments to disguise the most unsavory of ingredients.
Thor sent yet another furtive glance to his fierce Husband, guarding Loki’s other flank from the silent soldiers and completely oblivious to the God’s curiosity and awe.
Thor glared at his old friend as they awaited in the training grounds for the Captain to join them. And hopefully, dressed in something more decent.
The All Father tapped his mighty staff on the golden floor, silence falling over the enormous crowd as the wide doors opened for the Crown Prince, dashed in a golden armor from head to toe, blending seamlessly with his golden mane and skin; only the crimson cape, color deeper than blood, in contrast to his golden image. A warrior God parting the crowds before him in a mighty roar of cheers. To his side sauntered the Fallen One, unrepentant and proud; dressed in handsome dark greens and silver, they were polar opposites. Night and Day walking side by side. Though their presence was the same. Royal blood and regal poise. Every bit the prince one and the other.
“Fret not Steven” Thor hurried to reassure, his other hand coming up to gently cup the handsome face of the Captain, pulling him close to meet his searching gaze “It is yet too soon to say it, and it may never be so, if you do not wish for it as well.”
Lady Sif nodded, decisively, releasing Steven’s hand and walking to the middle of the fighting arena “Not a problem, I will teach you”
Loki glared at his blond companion, his unkept golden locks, his sunken eyes the only thing avoiding the slew of insults Loki felt bubbling in his chest. There would always be another chance for that.
The feast was a success, all present were able to sample the fruit of Steven’s prowess, as the Beast was so large that it easily feed hundreds of Asgardians. All cheered for the mortal man in adoration.
He heard some loud shuffling from within the camper, a series of muffled shouts and seconds later, the tin door flew open with a resounding smack, leaving a wide eyed, petite woman in its place.
“Hey there alien Hodor” His voice resounded, mechanical and monotone trough the speakers of his faceplate. “Why don’t you but the sword down and stop spawning before I blast your head off?”
“Oh Thor, shush!” Frigga reprimanded, but placed a loving hand to his arm. Thor preened under his mother’s attentions, noticing the bemused eye of his Father and the gapping of the early birds of the court.
“Ohh” Thor moaned as his sleepy, grumpy husband bit his lower lip vengefully when the God dared to rouse him in the early marrow. The God shivered and pressed down on the grumbling human with a heady sigh “Harder, Steven”
Odin’s eye shone with a burst of power as he struck his staff, Gungnir, once to the floor. The sound resonated through the Queen’s destroyed chambers, loud and damning. Like a death sentence.
“Ronan” Gamora said, quacking under Heimdall’s fiery eyes “He has an infinity Stone, he is on his way to Asgard.”
The man’s face turned into a nasty grimace that was wiped away as soon as it had come. Nodding politely at the Goddess. “And who would this new pupil be?”
Later that day Thor burst into Stevens rooms only to find the man sitting on the balcony floor, back pressed against the rails and eyes closed, sleeping peacefully under the scant shade of the curtains.
The Captain smiled abashedly, tucking the record back and wandering away to the other side of the room, where Thor had transferred all his art materials and Master Bragi’s teaching equipment. “You will be able to have your lessons here, if you prefer it”
The shield struck the hand that held his sword with a punishing force. the precision of the stroke an act of skill fit for a warrior many a centuries worth of mastery. A sculptors chiseling flicks. Heimdall’s’ hand cramped; his shout of pain cut short by the cold kiss of Mjolnir meeting his cheekbone; his stumble stopped by the edge of the shield knocked straight into his sternum, keeping him in reach and on his feet for another and then yet another swing of Mjolnir’s mighty touch.
Frigga stepped back, hurt by her son’s words, but acquainting, nonetheless. “I trust you will do what your heart deems right” The Queen whispered “For I know your heart to be kind, my son”
The first rays of Asgards sun broke Thor’s restful sleep with a gentle caress. The God smiled to himself, eyes closed and relishing the warmth tingling in the bare skin of his torso. His body sated and loose with last night’s exertions, humming still in orgasmic bliss.
Thor had never seen his brother cry so bitterly, not even in his willful childhood had he shed miserable tears as that day. Thor’s own heart broke to remember his brother’s heartache.
“I’m not the guy from the comics, Tony” Steve groused out tiredly, as if he had had this conversation one time to many “nor Howard’s war stories.” He shrugged halfheartedly “I’m just another man”
“Hawkeye, I want you on the roof, keep an eye on the winning side and try to contain the fighting to the plaza.”
Sif huffed to her cup of milk “Riding Jormungandr around the sea and scaring the fishermen is not a game, Thor”
The little bastard had the nerve to laugh through it all until Hogun and Volstagg managed to rip him from Thor’s ever tightening grip. The warrior coughed as he massaged his abused neck.
“Loud and clear, Captain” The curtains hissed quietly. Steve snickered under his breath and stood from the couch to amble onto the bed.
“That serum that runs through his veins is property of the US army.” General Ross glared haughtily, looking at the President in a side glance, trying to read the papers over his shoulder.
He began to thrust into her, soft now, lingering. A long, sensuous rolling of his hips, drawing out near all his length, teasing her little quim with the bulbous head of his cock, then pressing in slow, but unrelenting, until he hit her end and then he pressed further, making way for himself inside her, knowing how she enjoyed the little shocks of near cramping pleasure when he knocked inside, just so, just like this.
Loki visibly fought to suppress an epic tongue lashing to the poor sod who insulted him, only settling after a long look at his brother’s sunken face and low shoulders. A small, sincere smile that Thor had not seen in a long time gracing his face. And only for this, Thor could almost say it worth the hassle of it all. He could almost believe he had his brother back.
“Then don’t” Thor said, confusing the Soldier “No start, just speak, I will listen until you are done”
They both fell to a stifling silence. Tony wondered what that would look like, a self-serving Steve, if he would ever get the chance to see it. And for a moment he almost could, in the rigid hold of the Captain’s shoulders, the resistance, the defiance that made him the man he was at heart. But then they fell, and he weaved a heavy sigh.
The Mother of God pursed her lips, a small twitch to her cheek belaying her pleasant exterior. Steve was careful to keep his back to the wall as they parted ways, purposely smiling and waving cheekily at the blushing maidens until they were out of sight. Steve sighed heavily as he entered his rooms, sprinting for the bathroom where he poured out the vial on to the sink, almost expecting smoke to come out or the liquid to eat out the ceramic like acid.
“These are our antechambers, here you can hold court and attend guests when you please so, you will have maidens at your disposition if you so require it. To this side are our bedrooms."
“Maybe he missed the invite?” Barton sent a sharp look at the man of Iron, who was now reaching for his drink back, his face back to his tan hue, if a bit flushed, and avoiding everyone’s eyes.
“Asgard will fall” Ronan swore in a hateful hiss “if not by my hand, another. You will rule a kingdom of ashes!”
Thor rubbed a tired hand over his beard, listening to his husband and brother go about cleaning and wrapping his torn lips with a calmness Thor could not summon. Only whence the bandages had been replaced did he dare look back, meeting his brother’s knowing gaze.
Steven met the dark God’s gaze wonderingly, but did not protest as the Guardian turned to the Royal pair and the Director “I could watch over the men’s courting from a great distance and appear in a blink of an eye if need be”
“Aye, Steven wished to see our friends before they must part.” Thor confided, following the blonde pair to the great halls where they would break their fast with their friends and subjects before smiling a besotted, shy thing to his Husbands back “And I find myself reluctant to deny him anything at all.”
Tony shifted in his seat and occupied himself with pouring a whole pot of potatoes and chunks of bread into a huge pot of tepid Fondue for the Hulk to grab and chugged. The green giant munched happily: “Fondue good. Captain smart”
“I didn’t want to anyways!” The man yelled and turned tail after Thor snarled menacingly in his direction.
“You have been Avenged” He quipped merrily, saluting the stunned God; swaying slightly and looking so very lovely on his knees.
Steve feinted out of reach just as the sword screeched on it’s slide off his shield, the echoing slam of metals making near visible waves of power as Magic vibrated out of the Vibranium shield. Heimdall blinked as he perceived this phenomena. A Mortal instrument immune to his dark Magic. This man was full of surprises.
“A pleasure to finally meet you, your Highness” Steven bowed gracefully, his posture perfect and his figure so very comely in that strange, regal attire. Thor’s mouth had ran dry at the first sight of him, and now, he was grateful for the Director’s tactless greeting, for it had given him the time to regain his sense and wit.
Clint nodded back, eyes sharp and lips pursing in thought “Good, good. Say, those dance lessons we talked about, they’re still on, right?”
“The offer stands” Thor remarked on this, smiling down to the foreign team, plus cyborg, and bowing his head in recognition of their merits “I owe you a debt for saving our people, I will not forget this.”
The musicians halted their song and the mages fell into silence, the luminescence ended and only the natural beauty of sunrise remained, all the more lovely now that it was left unimpeded and glorious in it’s own right.
Thor rubbed a hand on his mouth, scratching his beard and strolling forward to the couches in the room, but most pressingly, the cushions. Thor needed a cushion.
Odin pursed his lips, almost a pout if not set in his wise features, so alike the one on her grown son’s face that it may have been hilarious if the implications hadn’t been so daunting “And that is my son and I say he can have as many Masters of Art as he pleases”
The Director glared at the old master, receiving a nasty glare back as they all emptied the rooms for the testing to take place.
Thor quickly realized his only mistake in having invited Steven to spend the afternoon with his friends, as now he had to listen to Frandals enraptured musings of the Captains luscious charms in the form of prose and song, and he hadn’t even seen the man in his new attire. Thor would have to hose down the blond rat to keep him from jumping his Betrothed.
“No, he’d lose that.” Hawkeye quipped. Watching delightedly at Captain America do a rendition of Freddy Mercury for the universe to behold.
As his sight blurred back to his tearing eyes, he was graced with the image of the Captain, the worthy one, standing tall before him, no more the bloodthirsty warrior. But an honorable man, who would not smite an enemy when he was down on his knees.
Thor’s shoulders slumped, all his sensuous thoughts of the Captain gone as the earlier meeting came ringing back. Thor knew his failings, he carried them close to his heart so he would never forget and ever struggling to do more, be better, be worthy. Now he saw that it was still for naught.
“Today you come of your own free will” The All father continued “Responding to the calling of your souls. Today I, Odin, son of Bor, King of Asgard and protector of the nine realms, answer your plight. Today, I bless you to become one…”
“Sorry!” Steve hurried to pat at the mess, breathing in relieve when the maidens returned in a flock of silk skirts to remove the whole mess he’d made. The Queen shuffled inconspicuously in her chair, waving the maidens oblivious hands away when they attempted to clean her lap…
“Thor” Steven called, anxious and hesitant, casting shy and pointed glances to the other body on the far side of their bed, the distance enough for him to be considered in another room entirely in Thor’s opinion, as he continued his desperate touches, pressing his open mouth over the racing pulse of the Soldier and tasting his skin, feeling his heart beat, reassuring and alive.
The Captain sat in contemplative silence; his voice so very small coming from a man so grand “I don’t know how to let go”
“Don’t be crude, Colonel Fury.” General Ross admonished “The Captain knows his duty to this world, and he will see the wisdom of rising for the occasion.”
That afternoon the God took advantage of the Soldiers disheartened mood to show him to their wedded rooms. Thor was shaking with excitement and nerves as he pulled his crestfallen husband to the Royal quarters, the east side of the palace where the sun would rise with them every day.
A few hours after Steven’s cold departure from their wedded chambers, Thor found himself battling to keep his composure as he raced to the Bifrost where many a court and peasants waited to bid the human farewell. The growing adoration from Asgardians towards his husband was something that would both bring comfort to his heart and make him seethe in jealousy, as he spied more than one man and woman dressed rather indecently and batting eyes.
