That proved more optimistic than warranted; the church itself was a good half-league away, and they did not begin the ascent of the celebrated hill for another half turn after that. The lower slopes of Paulson’s Hill were thickly wooded: their path to the summit wound through the most delicious shade, so that when they finally emerged amid the crags and scorched, sparse vegetation of the hill top the brilliant noon light dazzled them. And then –
“The fatigues of Court – of doing the honours as the ranking lady of Gondal – have left her quite done up. Lady Catherine made it clear that her ward will require the most absolute rest and quiet. We will, I fear, not even see the Rosings party at church during Miss Hooper’s stay. The chapel at Rosings has been turned out and new-furbished and the family will hear Mass there.”
. Put on my cloak, Arabella, and follow me. That, by the way, is not a
“Lydia, be reasonable,” Jane said. “How can you think of dancing, when we are in mourning for the King? And such recent mourning, too.”
As for the news of Mr Darcy’s impending visit – that was Lizzie’s affair. Harriet could only watch, and pray.
Colonel Fitzwilliam smiled, then realised his cousin’s face remained serious.
"My dear, I know how much anxiety Frances’ absence has caused you –”
His thoughts abstracted, the ending of the Mass caught him by surprise. He scrambled belatedly to his feet and followed his cousin out of the chapel. Still in silence, the two men turned right by common assent, pacing the gravel path which encircled the chapel until they reached the angle between a buttress and the chapel wall which had witnessed so many confidences over the years.
“I thought it impossible for you to find me a more hideous ornament than the Mezentian Coronet,” Charis murmured, from amid the tangled bedclothes. Sherlock had arrived late and unheralded and little of the night had been spent in rest.
“Well-schooled indeed, ma’am,” Elizabeth interjected smoothly. “I have been driven behind those animals several times. But any beasts will struggle on an indifferent road, especially when that road is rendered a quagmire after a week’s autumn rains.”
The gangway was down and two men in the act of disembarking; one a fresh-faced, boyish clerk with an armful of papers and his companion an older man, whose military bearing was slightly marred by a sort of stiffness about the shoulders.
“Mrs Hill, would you be so good as to bring in apples for us all? Oh, and a silver paring knife. Raisins, brandy, and the snapdragon bowl, too. And another jug of negus. We’re going to have a proper All Souls’ Eve.”
A chance-caught phrase made her jerk her head up. "Sir, did you say the first girl – I forget her name –”
“Quite so. That was the true genius and cunning of the Pretender. Had everything his spy told him been true – had Miss Hooper truly pawned
This gallantry rendered her, for the moment, speechless. Wickham’s own melting brown eyes were fixed on her face, almost as if he might be on the point of declaring himself.
“Indeed, though I suspect this time it was
Fuming, he returned home to find a strange footman in the hall. Darcy recognised the livery at once: Moriarty family colours. He also took the point the livery was intended to send. James of Gondal was not approaching Fitzwilliam Darcy as his King and liege lord, but as a relative. The dissemblance made him queasy, a sensation which only increased when, ceremoniously, the footman handed him a note bearing his own name written in his cousin’s crabbed, unmistakeable hand.
She clawed her way up to wakefulness and found Lizzie bending over her with concern naked in her face. What could possibly have happened to make Lizzie look like that? Surely she couldn’t have swooned? What an absurd, impossible thing to have happened –
there, than we would had it been all present and correct?”
“Sir.” Wisely, the guard commander attempted no further apology, but turned the subject. “What do you plan to do with – that?”
“Aye.”
“Lose me? Not after – Look. John. I’ll be back before Pentecost, and then things will
"Ahead of me. We both roused all the ladies, and she undertook to see them all safe out. I last saw her at the stair head. Then I heard you having difficulties with Arabella, so I told her to go, and turned back to help. I’ve not seen her since –”
“Quite,” her sister agreed, with feeling.
She took it wordlessly, tucked it into the place in her bodice where the talisman had been and looked up to find her companion gone, faded into the woods as if he had never been. Along the dappled path back to the edge of the lawn, she walked, mind turned inwards upon a river-shore on which David lay, face-up, blossom drifting down to cover his sightless eyes.
“Quite the reverse, my dear coz! And I wished you to be the very first to know of the good fortune to befall my
Those word rang in Elizabeth’s head throughout the day. In the end, they decided her. Making an excuse to leave their labours in the still-room, where the work of bottling and drying the bounty of high summer had to continue, no matter how many sisters might be astray in the world, she made her way indoors. Taking care no-one observed her, she crept indoors, changed into one of the plain, serviceable travelling gowns which had done such signal duty over the dusty roads of Northern Gondal and then packed, quickly, a travelling bundle. How fortunate she still had monies saved from her trip with the Gardiners: she had been planning to buy a remembrance of the trip but not found anything suitable before it had been cut short. Now, of course, the holiday had turned into something at once both impossible to forget and from which her memory flinched. No matter. The purse would pay her travelling expenses, at least. After a little thought, she also tucked her small reserves of jewellery into the sewn-in pocket of her stays, thrust the travel bag into one of the large covered baskets the Longbourn family used when taking charity to the cottagers of Meryton and district and stole out down the back stairs.
She got no further. The door opened and Mr Bingley was in the room.
Any fisherman worthy of the name, on a hot sultry day like today would have sought the deepest pools beneath the thickest shadow. Trooper Musgrave took that as guidance, and passed quickly up above languorous reaches and delightful shoals. On the edge of a broad pool, beneath the shade of a spreading willow, he spotted his man. Game over.
The fishmonger seemed struck dumb at being addressed so directly, but after a little pressing was persuaded to admit that, allowing for a few hours rest at his uncle’s house, dawn would rise for him over Elbe harbour.
“Would this Mrs Younge therefore also have been a connexion of Lady
“Marry Mr Collins? My dear Charlotte, impossible!”
Gradually he climbed up through the woods, following the line of a little stream, which twisted and turned as it made its way down the valley side. By the time he emerged above the tree-line onto the bare moors, the little community he had left was invisible, hidden behind a fold of the woodland.
Four men entered the private parlour. None of them was father, brother, husband or lover of the veiled woman. Still, she stood up before them, she spoke her thoughts, received their answers and, as each left, she handed him an oiled silk package, bound with twine and sealed with wax. Each man kissed her hands as she passed over the package, save for the last who saluted her as he would his commanding officer.
The groom nodded, and moved off to the far end of the stable-block, leaving Charles and Darcy alone.
Giulio gulped. “I have – here, my lord.”
“I – but – I.”
) was standing in front of her, faultlessly dressed, and – her brain caught up with her – asking her to dance.
“I suppose,” she said hesitantly, “there are those at the Court of Gondal who see the estrangement between King Mycroft and his heir as a weakness to be exploited? Or who, perhaps, see Princess Charis as a victim to be rescued, given how the marriage seems to have turned out?”
Harriet felt it was high time to seize the reins of this conversation. Babbling, she had often found, prompted others to unbend in sympathy or competition; her ladyship looked unpromising material, but it might be worth a go.
“Not so soon?”
“In that case, sir, make sure you don’t, if you can possibly avoid it. Hope they’ve forgotten all about it. You see, me and the lads have been talking, and we don’t much fancy our chances of getting away – oh, there’s been no mistreatment, sir, and no complaints about food or where they’ve billeted us, but the Duke’s men know their stuff. But we reckon that you might have more of a chance, what with you having been wounded and what with them most probably
Georgiana’s brow creases prettily. “I have one. Basil. Basileos, the king of herbs. So, in a composition, that would mean the King – or, I suppose, the Sultan, in Constantinople.”
“Sir, may I know your name?” the lady enquired. “I am Mrs Annesley, a connexion of the Darcy family. I am the companion to Miss Georgiana.”
“And, finally, here we have you. A man who betrayed Miss Hooper, whom he had served since she was a child. A man who then – it appears to all the world –
“My husband delights in his garden,” Charlotte confided to her as they passed for the first time beneath her roof. “He devotes hours to tending it.”
His voice wobbled, as he recalled how irrelevant the University of Zalona’s prizes were to his now-destroyed life. The stranger nodded, imperturbed.
“Oh, a galleon!” Charlotte exclaimed. “Is it not magnificent?”
The window swung suddenly wide, bringing gouts of Zalona’s notorious morning mist swirling into the chamber. Through it, for the first time, another noise became audible above the sound of bells: the jangle and clang of armoured men running fast across cobbles.
that sort of thing?”
But, at the very moment when her triumph was at its height, she had laid aside her gorgeous brocades, legendary silks and tottering chopines, sold her jewels to make her nun’s dowry, and retreated to the cloister. From then she had ceased to be a sensation. Instead, she had become a legend – almost, some said, a saint.
“Really?” he croaked.
That incensed her further.
of luck produce an announcement and with it an end to all her worries.
The man on the far side of the desk reached out and stirred the small heap of stones on the desk with his forefinger. Improbably, he smiled.
The wistfulness in her friend’s voice tore at Elizabeth’s heart.
“Your second daughter? So grown up? Harriet, what happened to time? Where did it all go?”
Darcy set his teeth.
“And so they are. Rogues and plunderers to a man. But if rumour says true, we’ve got the greatest thief all in the next room. So if you want to learn a few tricks to beat their shenanigans, after you, Quarter-Mistress, ma’am.”
"So we all thought. At the time. Marriage to Traquair, though –”
He nodded, hoping his bemusement didn’t show.
“Thank you, ma’am. They told me that it was the usual procedure. Kind of a service charge, like.”
"Yes; better than I had hoped, thank you. I confide I may see everything concluded by noon tomorrow. Thank you, by the way, for your intelligence in that regard. I almost blundered badly, in a quarter where I –”
had had responsibility thrust upon her, but Olivia had worn it like a garment, even at seven years old. That was why Charlotte had always felt like a perpetual imposter. That was why she had always known she needed to make a superhuman effort to make up for that deficiency.
Giulio’s knees turned weak. "My lord I – I cannot say. It was a private party, hosted by Lady Agnes Traquair. Who attended, save that the invitees were drawn from the highest ladies of the court, I do not know –”
For a moment, Darcy paused. He looked once again towards the groom and the stableman, who were now, apparently, considering the merits of a compress and getting somewhat excitable about it. He began to speak rapidly, still in the same undertone, so Charles had to strain to hear.
Mrs Reynolds jerked her head towards the window. “One of the gardener’s boys came running in with a message. There’s a party of troopers down at the South Lodge. Wearing the Royal livery, ma’am. They’d be here now, but the lodge-keeper’s wife begged them try her best ale and they were that hot and dusty with travelling in the heat that the officer gave them leave and very grateful they were, so Jim said. But they’ll be with us in under a quarter of a turn, and what are we to do?”
Clarence, Harriet thought sourly, had never had to worry about the ageing effect of spectacles. Not three months after their marriage he had taken to using them when he wished to show her he was preoccupied with matters scholarly, and not to be disturbed. Now they were a permanent part of his armour: presumably this (together with the advantage of leisure) had allowed him to decode cousin Collins’ letter in full.
“Please, do rise. And do be seated – oh, no-one’s put out anything for you to sit on. Please, could one of you –” (this was addressed to the attendant footmen) ”– find chairs for Mrs Collins and Miss Duplessis. Quickly, now!"
Molly recalled her dog Tybalt: a small, indomitable creature, into whose soft fur she had wept so many bitter tears as an orphaned child. Tybalt had never backed down from a challenge, no matter what the size of the other dog. Were it her last act on earth, she would not fall short of Tybalt’s standards.
The Crown Prince’s tone lacked the assurance of a moment earlier.
Peter gulped. “I shall do my best.”
The Bishop’s cherubic features creased into well-worn lines which, nevertheless, Julian did not remember. How could the Bishop have aged so much since he had visited Malham Castle to say a requiem for King Ambrosine and stay to a funeral dinner in the Great Hall?
While she appreciated his attempt to distract her from contemplating Frances’ misdemeanours she could hardly summon up much interest in those of the Crown Princess. Nevertheless, she did her best.
“Whoever else lost that night, it was not Lady Abruzzi. Not by the end. The cards were running with her like Black Sea trout swimming upriver in spring. I think – your grace – your sister was wise to leave when she did. And I doubt I’m alone in thinking so.”
The air of his chamber stifled him, thick as sugar syrup. His ears were muffled as if he had stood too close to a 12-gun salute. Underneath it all beat a strong, sure note of truth. That was why no courier had been sent. That was why his body-servant had gone missing. That explained Crispian’s odd silences on his last visit.
“The late Queen’s grace told me a strange story once, of a hunting party and an attempt on the life of King Ambrosine.” She paused. “The man her grace referred to in connection with that affair is an intimate of my brother’s and, by repute, the finest marksman in Gondal.”
From the King’s expression, that sentence would have been better expressed in the past tense. From the officer’s, he knew it. The same might shortly be true of his life. Did he know that too?
“Quite so, sir. The wife of the head of the War Office. If the whole camp isn’t currently buzzing with rumours that the head of the War Office has allowed his wife to gamble away the soldiers’ pay and that the gallant Colonel Abruzzi’s widow has stepped up to return as much as she can by the most discreet means she could contrive, then I don’t know soldiers.”
He sucked his teeth, unable to say a word for sheer pity. The move to Gaaldine must have seemed like escape at last, but from what he knew that house in the woods had all been part of a long-devised trap by the Pretender, with his own sister the bait.
"But my lord –” Giulio all-but whimpered.
“A man who contrived that shot might ask for a very large favour as his reward,” Jonathan observed, irrelevantly.
The little priest’s brows knitted. “Oh, my child. You are wandering so alone and yet you need only stretch out your hand to be led home.”
He turned his head and caught her looking at him. His mouth opened and at his expression her knees turned to water. He grinned, then turned his attention back to the fire-fighting operation.
“Trust to the Lord, my children.” They turned in alarm, to see that the little priest had, with silent feet, moved to within arms-length. He made a gesture of blessing.
The light breeze sighing in the trees was the only sound for what felt like an eternity.
“Be sure you do.”
“A most delightful journey, your Grace.”
“Forward!” he yelled at the troop behind him.
“Did he not! Why, that was how he said his creel strap come to be worn through. Lady Catherine was entertaining her nephews for weeks together and nothing but the freshest for them, day in, day out. Not the King, of course, but two other nephews. One of them was a colonel in the Army
He was holding her very tight, she felt she might faint from proximity.
The next meeting at Rosing following their departure produced the intelligence that Mr Darcy and his cousin, a Colonel Fitzwilliam, were due to arrive on their annual visit: an event in which their aunt took quite as much pride as if she had personally endowed Mr Darcy with his estate and fortune and promoted his cousin to his present rank herself. She seemed almost angry that Charlotte and Elizabeth had seen Mr Darcy frequently at Meryton and that Elizabeth had spent a week under the same roof.
assure you. Sister, tell these stout fellows they may stand down and be at their own devices until the hour of Vespers, when we shall need to call on their services again. Now, onwards! Let the festivities begin!”
“He wants a quarter of a million thalers, paid to him in bearer draughts drawn upon a number of specific banking houses. The provisions for handover, I confide, are proof against various forms of treachery we might attempt. Especially since Georgiana remains in his custody until the ransom is paid.”
There had been no Council convened to discuss this important intelligence. There had been no orders to remove Traquair from his position at the War Office. Instead, the whole matter swayed in limbo, put off to a more convenient season, while the seamstresses of Gondal strove against time to contrive the finery of forty years ago to grace the State Ball of the new King of Gondal and Captain Lennox raged, a caged beast, within the Earl’s house, until the time the King might deign to give him audience again.
But that had been days ago and since then he had heard
His directions to them as to the route they should take, the persons to whom they must give greetings, guidance as to which cottages might be relied on to offer them milk or water to quench their thirsts and which wells or springs they must on no account drink from occupied the remainder of the evening.
“Oh. Oh of course.” He bowed, very low. “Lieutenant Peter Brenzaida. I apologise for my intrusion, but I come under Royal command –” He reached inside his uniform jacket to produce the formal paper. ”His Grace the King notes that the times are unquiet, both within and without the borders of Gondal, and that he would accordingly rest more easily were his young cousin to be within his palace in Gondal Town, far from the turbulent and lawless forces who might threaten her peace and – um – innocence."
The insects sang on in the thicket. His heart lifted but still he dared not believe.
Even by the uncertain light he could see in the Bishop’s face the wound had gone deeper than he had intended. He extended his hand.
Crispian, of course, would never have had to put up with this. The meanest churl on the estate fell over himself to do Crispian’s bidding. It was only Julian who had to work at enforcing his authority; only Julian who had to face his private humiliations when that authority was disrespected.
Worse yet, Mama had elected to mark the departure of the regiment by a round of dinners and picnics, so Elizabeth was constantly forced into company with Mr Wickham. Lydia and Kitty had gleefully informed Jane and Elizabeth that, during their absence, Mary King’s stepfather had packed her off to his married sister in Gondal Town, arguing that it was more than time she was introduced to wider society. In Miss King’s absence, Wickham seemed disposed to resume his attentions to Elizabeth. Did he consider her to be deficient in understanding or in self-respect or both, to assume her willing to resume their former terms, when they had been interrupted for
Molly gestured with her left hand. “Over the saddle of that headland. It is a short walk, and well shaded for much of its length. But, if you are planning to go there in the evening, please ensure Giulio escorts you. It is not a large port, as such places go, but it
Still, only fools looked to the past. It was as well Lyddie and he would be out of this place in less than a turn. There would be many opportunities on the borders, especially given what he knew. Also, given a delightful and energetic young bride, he would avoid many of his earlier stumbling blocks. His debts were cleared and the world was open before him.
Elizabeth narrowed her eyes.
Giulio saw the horses put up and expertly rubbed down by the head farrier of the best inn at Charlescut Halt. Having paid for their care and left instructions to have the carriage prepared for the return journey to Rosings in four turns, he wrapped himself in a cloak against the gathering mizzle and slipped unobtrusively through the back door of the inn yard. A few minutes down the twisting streets found him at an unpretending hostelry, which afforded him space to change from his crisp livery into the nondescript breeches and jerkin he had brought with him. For a small consideration, the inn also hired him a hairy-fetlocked, balky piebald.
“Five deserters, overnight! With their horses and all their gear! What, sergeant, can you possibly have been about, to let such a thing happen?”
“The Northern hunting lodge was the original seat of the d’Ancona family, from their first arriving in these lands six hundred years ago and more. The ruins of their ancestral castle form its walls. It lies at the head of a thickly forested ravine. Regiments of Gondal’s finest troops could enter that ravine and be swallowed up as completely as the German forests swallowed Varus and all their legions. Their enemies would hunt them from the shadows; the bogs would suck them down; terror would stalk them by night; arrows pierce them in broad daylight. There are mosses in those forests swarming with mosquitoes and miasmas breathing pestilence. We cannot extract Georgiana from the Northern hunting lodge by force of arms, not even if we trade fifty men for one.”
Of course, that topic
Charlotte thought it an instant before Lydia said it aloud. At which the rest of the short walk was occupied with Jane and Lizzie’s loud condemnations of Lydia for saying something so unthinkable, their assurances to Charlotte that their sister was far too young to mean or even to understand what she had said, and Lydia’s noisy rebuttal of both propositions.
“I trust, sir, you have no ill news of our cousin the colonel?”
Elizabeth raised her eyebrows, inviting his confidence, were he minded to share it.
His gaze followed hers to the letter lying part-folded on her lap. His eyes narrowed as he recognised the handwriting.
“The King should not do this. It is wrong. It is an insult to Sir Vernon Hooper. It forces Miss Hooper to appear to honour her mother’s first husband over her own father. It is
And yet –
was not how it was supposed to go.
The flood of relief felt like weakness. Nonetheless, Charles drew himself up straighter. “Thank you.”
“Ma’am – much to ask, I grant you, but might you do me the inestimable favour of an introduction to your fair companions? We are, as you know, to be quartered here all winter, and our standing orders require us to
“No.” Her voice was low and breathless, as if she had been running. “He offered, but I wished to be able to tell you our news myself.”
"What can you get us? As you can see, my brother is injured. If you could dispatch a man to raise a physician –” the woman in the absurdly fashionable hoop skirts pleaded.
To be perfectly honest, given the state of his shoulder and the shocks of the last month, Jonathan thought that put his ability on the high side. Still, the Crown Prince always maintained all battles were won or lost in the mind and Jonathan wasn’t the man to surrender any advantage the fates offered him. He assumed the sunniest of smiles.
“No: I can imagine Lady Catherine would not look kindly on anyone seeking to alter her plans, once she has decided on them.”
Solitary and dull his current position might be; nonetheless the Earl surveyed the forecourt of his townhouse with gratification not unmixed with a rueful calculation of what the massed outdoor cressets and the brilliant candle-light spilling from the windows was currently costing him in oil and beeswax. He consoled himself that though he must keep the cressets burning to aid early returners (himself, primarily: the rest of the party could keep it up until dawn, and doubtless would) he could order the servants to douse the candles in the public rooms once their party for the Palace had departed.
“I know your accent, soldier; I know what vessel brought you here, and I know from what port you embarked.”
–” the unhappy young man said again.
The cabin boy snorted with laughter; ale sprayed from his nose.
That, Peter realised, was his cue.
“Now, Lizzie,” Mama said, when all necessary explanations for their presence in Gondal Town had been made, “share with us what you learned of Wickham. I collect, from hints you let drop, that you returned from your visit to Hunsford by no means as enamoured of him as you were when you left. Why?”
. “But do me the favour of thinking more on this matter. It would mean a very great deal to me could something be contrived.”
Five of them, plus Mrs Reynolds. These visitors are too important to delegate service to a footman.
“Charis, on a pilgrimage? Incredible.”
“Good. I very much hope they will not meet at all.” Mrs Gardiner surveyed the tree-lined walk down which they were promenading. They were alone, but she dropped her voice nonetheless. “I would not say this to anyone but you, Lizzie. I know the match if considered on a material basis was more than eligible, and that Jane’s heart is very much engaged. Nor do I know anything to the discredit of the man himself, or of his friend.”
Her head, swimming with incipient fever, fastened onto that phrase and clung, as if it could pluck her from the whirlpool. “You spoke of changes at Meryton? Did you mean, concerning Mr Wickham?”
“I find myself enthused with a passion for sketching. There was a curious ship down in the harbour which would, I believe, make an excellent study. Charlotte was, I believe, a little done up by our walk, so I would advise her to take an afternoon nap, but would you, Elizabeth, care to join me? One never sketches with so much enthusiasm without a companion to whom one may enquire, ‘Does this look lop-sided, or no?’”
She could not see the person addressed, but heard a prolonged sigh. Then, "I had hopes. This time, I indeed had hopes. The Queen promised to raise the matter of the governance of my late wife’s jointure with the King – ”
Exasperation lent an edge to Julian’s voice.
Charles’ raised eyebrows invited further explanation. His friend looked up and down the stable block. Brock was still engaged in a tense, low-voiced convocation with the chief stableman over Sultan’s off-fore. Darcy dropped his voice even further.
a clandestine marriage.” The Crown Prince sounded like a wearied priest explaining the more obvious portions of the catechism. “A
Lady Catherine entered the room with an air of surpassing ungraciousness, made no other response to Lizzie’s greeting than a slight inclination of the head, and sat down without saying a word.
Once, Harriet had dreamed of someone saying those words to her. Then had come Clarence and she had had no more dreams. She had had children, instead.
The very words he had been groping for. He seized upon them with relief.
. Next time I could see anything, his Grace was in the water – alive, I’ll go bail on that – and holding onto Hebron.”
“His misfortunes! Yes, his misfortunes have been great indeed.”
“So you saw the ladies being taken prisoner? They were not –” He had no idea how to phrase this, and goodness only knew how he was going to put it in his report, but of a surety he would be asked. ”They were not offered any insult?"
“What could you do?” His tone was interested, not dismissive.
She leant forward. "Miss Hooper –”
objectives here will be better served from respectable lodgings. Your uncle would be bound to tell your father were we staying with him and that would be but a short step to being dragged home for appearance’s sake. So, Lizzie, suppose we live a little?"
Internally, Darcy dismissed as preposterous the notion that the envelope had lain tucked among those cushions for weeks. So many successive dew-drenched mornings would have caused the ink to run; besides, there had been at least two violent thunderstorms that he could recall. Insects, birds, snails should have –
Between the cressets on the forecourt, on the eve of the inaugural State Ball of his nephew’s reign, very carefully, very slowly, with the utmost consideration and no sign given to the outer world, the Earl of Ula put every last room of his mental mansion into proper order.
They were out of the house, making their way down Belmont’s slopes in all the full white glare of the afternoon, before Elizabeth plucked up courage to address Mama, who seemed to have developed two more dimensions in a day.
“Sir, I cannot conceive how you could know, my cousin being so circumspect in referring to her.”
He ducked his head. “Outcomes lie in the hands of God, my lady. I can only speak for intentions.”
Julian nods. “It is said that each family of rank has its own flower code, so that they may pass messages in bowls of tulips and suchlike.”
“Of course I have. Indeed, I took the Vice-Chancellor’s prize for my essay describing his strategies against Hannibal –”
“Well, that’s settled,” Charles said, the sunny good humour of his voice masking the turmoil of his feelings. “I shall despatch Nicolls with the advance party, and ensure all is ready to receive us. We will be there by All Souls’ Eve.”
The last carriage rolled down the great avenue. Georgiana waved her handkerchief with what she
The scattered fireflies became a swarm as, with stately slowness, the Bishop’s wagon train emerged round the spur. From his eyrie, Julian waited and watched, every nerve thrumming, an arrow nocked to a bow but not yet loosed.
The King’s fury was palpable. One word, though, struck Darcy like a hammer blow.
“Ciphers?”
“If you wish to retain your good opinion of the Earl, it may help to know his son and heir was taken into the Caitiff’s Tower three weeks before the wedding took place.”
He found him standing at the window, on the far side of the desk, looking out into the murky garden. He did not turn round when Giulio was announced, merely said,
(as she put it) the ugliest and most ill-omened collection of baubles in all the three kingdoms!”
the particulars.”
“Sir?”
“As to that, my lady, I’m not sure I can say. I’m no courtier.”
) scenes to his wife was too incongruous. Then reality, and the recollection of Charlotte gossiping with the fishmonger, obtruded themselves. Whatever intelligence entered the Hunsford household, it was overwhelmingly likely it came there by way of the tradesman’s entrance.
"I –”
“It’ll help if I sketch it on the flags here, ma’am.”
Molly read the letter once, then read it again. Aunt Catherine raised her eyebrows, and motioned, slightly, with one hand.
Colonel Fitzwilliam led them to sit on a fallen tree, having first spread his handkerchief so that Elizabeth’s gown could take no hurt from its mossy bark.
Molly rose to her feet and signalled to one of the Palace footmen.
“What grounds? Are you claiming you were not profoundly indebted as a result of gambling losses to Lady Abruzzi?”
“We are not going to stay with Uncle and Aunt Gardiner, then?”
there came another novelty. The Rosings party, rather than making their usual rapid exit in the Rosings carriage, seemed minded to linger outside the church door. Much to Elizabeth’s surprise (and to Mr Collins’ ineffable gratification) they found themselves positively summoned to Lady Catherine’s side and introduced to her other nephew, the younger son of her brother the Earl, with a degree of conscious hauteur that could only make it all the clearer that the introduction had been at Colonel Fitzwilliam’s request.
The Malham cub has grown in more than stature during his half-year’s absence. Darcy envies him the readiness of his address, even while planning to duck him in the great lake as soon as circumstances and his obligations to a guest of noble status permit.
The pock-marked Gaaldinian, whose name he had not been vouchsafed, loomed unexpectedly at the cave’s mouth.
“Forgive me. I had forgot: my older brother did tell me some Tuscan poet had published a lewd travesty of the old tale I had of my nurse. I believe they have great store of such things in the libraries of Zalona. But you surely cannot have thought I meant to allude–?”
John blinked. “If it does, I wish she could have been clearer about it. All I can tell from this letter is that her sister has suffered a disappointment in love, and for some reason Lizzie blames Mr Darcy of Pemberley – who is not, apparently, the man in question – for that disappointment.”
Colonel Fitzwilliam paused. “I believe it promised most favourably, until my aunt died giving birth to my cousin Molly. Even that did not reconcile the King to her widower and child. They lived in the most perfect obscurity until Sir Vernon also died, when Molly was about ten. In offering to adopt her, my aunt Catherine risked any advances she had made into the King’s good graces, and though the Queen supported her fully, I believe she very much felt the estrangement from Court circles and her friends there.”
“My pardons. My lord, I am happy to report a great improvement in my lady’s health. Her state of nervous prostration on her arrival troubled her aunt and the household greatly.”
“I will
“The King, I believe so. Or at least, he saw it as a slight, since she had not sought royal consent to wed and the wedding took place before Aunt Elaine’s mourning year was out. His resentment affected our standing at Court. Lady Catherine, in particular, felt the effects greatly.”
That reminder helped, just a little. It was impossible to imagine anyone standing against the King, but then it had been impossible, a year and a half ago, to imagine that she would ever emerge from the fog of grief and guilt which had engulfed her once news drifted back to Gondal of the ambush of the Princess’ party and the horrific fate of her ladies.
Until he and Mr Bingley arrived at Longbourn early one morning, Elizabeth had been almost convinced Mr Darcy would send his apologies, and avoid the vicinity of Longbourn until the end of time.
Finally, thankfully, his spate of words trailed off into a mere trickle.
“Holy Mary, how did my life come to this?”
Then the news came of the vanishing of Georgiana Darcy into thin air and half a troop of soldiers with her and the King was no longer interested in anything Giulio had to say to him.
The implications of
“Well, we cannot stay here to discuss them.” The Crown Prince had his head cocked on one side. “Provided I hear no word of refusal from Miss Duplessis we will see you at your lodgings at ten of the clock tomorrow. I shall bring the priest. In the meantime, we all have our duties to attend to; most importantly you, Darcy. We can’t have that rogue Wickham wriggling out of his obligations at the last minute.”
The house itself was substantial and well-built, standing a little back from the road amid a riot of vines and climbing plants. The distance from Meryton to Hunsford was not great, but the latter’s proximity to the sea and south-facing slopes tempered its climate to such a degree that Elizabeth felt she had travelled a month into the future, as well as twenty leagues from home.
would be more likely to be taken to be her kin.”
“I beg your pardon, but I must leave you. I must find Mr. Gardiner this moment, on business that cannot be delayed; I have not an instant to lose.”
The chambermaid managed, with a great deal of dumb show, and a few essays into very slow, very loud Gondalian, to bring Frances hot water and towels and unlace her bodice. Frances, using gesture and excitable exclamations in French and Italian, managed in turn to explain that she required no further attention for now and that after she had washed away the dust of her non-existent journey, she proposed to lie on the bed with slices of cucumber over her eyes, awaiting her lover’s return.
A thousand potential disasters flicked through his mind. Frances, dragged from her bed by the Pretender’s men and taken to Gondal Town as a prize of war. King Mycroft, begged by his mistress to intervene. The Crown Prince drowned in disgrace beyond hope of rehabilitation. The rebel lords of Gaaldine in revolt, incursions from Gondal, war along the border, and no-one with sense to direct it. Vannstown after Vannstown shimmering in flame and smoke and through them the face of Queen Genia, crying, “Betrayal!”
“Mama!”
“Nothing is certain. Perhaps Gaaldine is at the back of it, but nothing on the surface shows it. The Borders, you know, are apt to erupt without warning, and many in those parts are loyal to the Princess, even without overt instigation.”
“That all went off very well, my dear. And now, I believe Mrs Reynolds was saying something about tea in the Blue drawing room.”
“Do you think for a moment – do you imagine Frances thought for a moment – that what she staked in this
He supposes he should feel slighted to be so dismissed. He is ten years Georgiana’s elder, six years older than Julian. But Julian is clearly bursting to talk about Constantinople; Georgiana, quite over her initial shyness, bubblingly eager to listen and Mrs Reynolds hovers, smiling, carrying a tray with lemonade, shortbread biscuits and his most particular favourite hazelnut confits.
The little priest blinked. “Ma’am, so far as I know, he is in perfect health. But he is bid to wait on my Lord Bishop; there is a convention on canon law in Gondal Town and Father Hunter (he hides his light under a bushel, so you may not be aware how great a scholar this district has shielded these many years) is bid attend. I am here to deputise while he is absent.”
“I said, did I not, that our two families had been most intimately connected for generations?”
The Crown Prince extended his hand. “For the moment, then, I should take that.” He gestured, and Molly realised she was still holding the belt buckle.
on either side had heard a shot there’d have been all to pay. No, it was something silent: arrow or cross-bow bolt would be my guess. And the man who fired it must have the steadiest hand and nerve of any marksman in the three kingdoms.”
“Indeed. Elbe lies a little over four leagues away. When you come to us in spring perhaps we may be able to make up a party of pleasure to the coast. I have never seen the sea and I believe you have not, either?”
“And I told you no-one would have come if I called. Even if there’d been
They rose. He bowed over her hand, and whisked himself away through the garden doors which, on this fine bright winter’s day, stood open. Scarcely half a minute passed before the butler flung wide the drawing room door.
Maria had descended and breakfasted, and all three ladies settled down to their workbaskets by the time the gentlemen returned, glowing with exercise and pregnant with news. They had met – actually met – Lady Catherine, as she returned from the village in her pony carriage. Furthermore, she had extended an invitation to the entire party to dine with her at Rosings that very day. The gentlemen were in ecstasies of mutual congratulation, even as Maria and Elizabeth regarded each other with horror and Charlotte pressed the hand of friend and sister alike in silent commiseration. To be forced to dine with the lady of Rosings, the King’s own aunt, when they had barely had time to unpack their trunks, let alone refresh their clothes!
“Trust me. If the King declares for war, on the facts as they stand at present half the Council (if not more) would endorse him without thinking and the rest with little less than token resistance. No; your only hope is to pay the ransom without engaging the public purse and persuade his Grace that the Borders remain too turbulent to risk his opening up a war on two fronts.”
“But for James of Gondal,” his companion concluded. Aloud.
The shock at her aunt’s unwonted sharpness must have shown on Elizabeth’s face, because the older woman stretched out a hand and patted her shoulder.
“The men are due to be paid in four days. How would you rate our chances of avoiding outright mutiny should the men discover that, for the fifth month running, we do not have the smallest chance of doing so? And how, do you suppose, would such news be received in Castle Cavron?”
“Lizzie, Lizzie! One in five hundred officers – each equally gallant, equally active – may do so. But such a rise takes luck, as much or more as it takes skill and address. The luck, for example, to serve in a regiment whose commander is in official favour, and who can therefore expect to have his commendations of his junior officers listened to and acted upon appropriately.”
. I do not accept it for a moment. I
Her brother raised his hand. “Please. Sister. Lady Agnes has the floor. What happened after supper?”
“You must have risen early to be with us so soon. Perhaps your ladyship would care for a dish of tea, or perhaps hot chocolate? And some rolls or sweet biscuits?”
“Sit down, my dear. No, here, under the canopy, in the shade. My pardon for my flippancy. But, truly, Jonathan is completely my brother’s man and the loyalty runs deeper than I can fathom, in both directions.”
"How could she possibly suppose I could think the worse of her? Of him – yes, that greedy, opportunistic, conscienceless blackguard –”
you find.”
object?”
His words hit her like a blow in the diaphragm. As in the aftermath of such a blow, she lost all power of speech. Her power of observation seemed unaffected, however. She saw regret in Mycroft’s face but no trace of apology or retraction.
She tried to tell herself it was the neck-wrenchingly abrupt change of subject which caused her blood, for a moment, to run cold. Once she had command of herself she managed to stutter out, “No. Sir.”
She would never have the opportunity of speaking such truths again and would not back down.
“I thought it as well to change the subject, sir. I didn’t fancy him wondering why I was so interested. So we continued our way, and a tedious long journey it was, too. We came to Hunsford, and there we parted ways, me to the clerk’s house, and him to Rosings. But when I called round at the clerk’s house with the letter, doesn’t his housekeeper tell me the lady of the house and her friend have gone to visit an old neighbour of theirs who’s taken a villa in Elbe for the sake of her health. Seems like these Meryton ladies stick together, sir, doesn’t it? But that makes it a wasted trip, after all. All you needed to do was ask around the port.”
“And even knowing what you knew about your subordinate’s competence, you only dispatched a messenger to find out what might have become of Lieutenant Brenzaida, his wholly inadequate company and my sister Georgiana when his delay in returning to Deadholm Barracks had extended to a full
When at last he raised his head, his eyes were troubled.
“Sir!”
Mrs Gardiner nodded, before Elizabeth could finish the sentence. “Harriet always chatters when she’s upset. I know it relieves her feelings, and Jane is not the kind of girl to let her mother know how deeply it wounds her. It will be better for them to be apart until time has healed matters somewhat. But I trust, Lizzie, that no consideration with respect to this young man will affect Jane’s decision as to whether she travels back with us or not. We live in such a different part of town, and move in such very different circles that there is no likelihood that their paths will cross, unless the young man himself wishes it.”
As was only proper, the most intense gossip was reserved for the first lady of Gondal, Molly Hooper. On her narrow shoulders lay the burden not merely of opening the first (and therefore most important) State Ball of her brother’s reign, but of making her initial appearance directly below a portrait of the King’s Royal parents, while dressed in as close a simulacrum of her mother’s attire as an entire army of attendants could contrive. Furthermore, it was confidently expected that this same State Ball would see her engagement announced; most probably to her cousin Mr Darcy of Pemberley but (because a one-horse race is of no interest to anyone) conceivably to a) a nephew of the King of France; b) a Grand-Duke of the Holy Roman Empire; or c) any one of half a hundred Catholic lords and princes of Europe from Christiana to Valencia.
“Did you not know? Miss Hooper – do you not think it is strange that my father, who is but a country gentleman of small estate, should be ‘Sir William Lucas’ but the King’s own sister is plain ‘Miss Hooper’?”
“You cannot possibly think of sending Frances. That would set the seal on the Court’s gossip. What else could they think but that she had been sent to some secluded part of the country to bear a bastard child?”
Mama turned to her. “Lizzie, this you need to know. When I was at Court, before I married your father, Maria was the confidential maid to her Grace the Queen. No-one knew more about the inner workings of the Household. Her judgment, too, was considered quite the nicest: many of the ladies of the Court contrived to obtain her opinion when they engaged their own maids and other domestic staff and she had the greatest of influence.”
Not “the Crown Princess of Gaaldine” (though even that was not a title people dared utter at Court, not these days) but unambiguously “the Queen.”
“So you will lower yourself utterly in the eyes of society, for the sake of affection and principle? No-one can say you lack determination. Or fortitude.” His lips twisted in bitter remembrance. "You remind me of someone. But that lady is hardly a model to be followed. I think you underestimate the impact on you of the fall from so great an estate as you have always enjoyed. She did and it cost her all she had.
Another grievance. His body servant had been absent on his return to his lodgings last night, and he had been forced not merely to contrive his own supper from an unlovely mess of victuals extricated from the corner cupboard, but to extricate himself from his ultra-fashionable, tight-cut riding boots, with the help of a door jamb, a stout chair and infinite quantities of bad language.
“And?”
“And when did you arrive?” Charis demanded.
She closed the door behind her, but not quite in time. Mama’s voice was low, but very distinct and she plainly had no notion of being overheard.
He did not sound as happy about this as Elizabeth might have expected. Perhaps he had hoped for professional advancement from the rumoured campaign against Gaaldine.
"Perhaps, but ”
else in the family. Anyone at all. Or speculate. But please understand this: in giving up the best part of my dowry to save Georgiana, I am
“Do you return to Elbe tonight?”
Not merely her garnet earrings and the sapphires she had won from Mama at Hallowe’en were tucked into the secret pocket in her stays. Hidden paper crackled as she moved.
"Gambling. That giggling girl our newest lieutenant brought with him – I’d bet ten thalers they’re not married, whatever they claim–”
“Tell me. Do you have acquaintance in Belmont?”
“To be here so early, you must have left the country before sun up. I suspect, too, you may not have eaten. Come with me, and let me introduce me to some friends of mine, who do not move in Court circles but who keep their ears to the ground, nonetheless. To the extent my advice is worth having, it may be because I have them as a sounding board when perplexed. And they are not without experience in transferring young women about the three kingdoms. If the Crown Princess is indeed now in Castle Cavron, she owes her safe arrival to the friends in question.”
“Fire, ma’am. You and your maid must get out at once. I shall rouse the rest of the floor.”
Mrs Annesley sank down into a chair, and gestured to Peter to do likewise. “His Grace’s concern is natural and very welcome. But –” she dimpled a little. ”He does not know these Northern Dales. Nor did I, until my late husband brought me here as a young bride. The people may
Julian drops his voice impressively. “The situation of the City is unsurpassed in all the world, its buildings are glorious, I could talk of the antiquities from dawn until dusk and not even scratch the surface, but it is crawling with spies and creatures of the Sultan. One may not breathe too deeply at dawn in Üsküdar, it is said, but the New Palace knows of it by noon. Accordingly, everyone of note in Constantinople talks pretty nothingnesses and conveys their real sentiments only in ciphers.”
The heat in his voice made clear, as if there had ever been any doubt, the direction in which Darcy’s thoughts were tending. Of course. Georgiana’s prospective marriage would have stirred the murk at the bottom of that particular pond, if anything could.
her sisters were at Longbourn, and a certain sense when he looked at her that he was trying to trace a likeness both seemed significant. Nor could she detect any form of partiality beyond an almost brotherly affection subsisting between him and Miss Darcy. Best of all, he took the opportunity, when the other members of the party were occupied at the parlour windows, exclaiming over a dancing bear being led down the street, to remark, "It is a very long time since I have had the pleasure of seeing you. We have not met since the 26th of November, when we were all dancing together at Netherfield.”
Colonel Fitzwilliam drew a deep breath. Then he swore fluently for several minutes. Captain Lennox waited for him to run out of steam. When he had –
She knew what she was seeing. And before she had been the wife of Clarence Duplessis, of Longbourn; before, even, she had been the maid of honour to the Queen, she had been the child of Hamish Watson, physician to the Court.
“A little, round-faced, blinking priest. I never knew his name. Knew all about me, though. Caught me in the church where Miss Hooper’s parents married. Knew what I’d done. Knew I was a Judas. Knew I was bound for Hell.”
Darcy snorted: whether with amusement or horror, Harriet could not tell.
His brows drew down and his lips pursed, as if he was about to make some cutting remark, but after a moment he gave an acknowledging shake of his head.
Mr Darcy merely meant to contrast Elizabeth (and, perhaps, Charlotte) with Lady Catherine de Bourgh. The reflection stung, notwithstanding. Oblivious, Mr Darcy continued his account.
“My dear, you mistake matters. Things do not happen like that, not in Gondal, not in these times. Very probably sentence has been carried out already on the two of them, within the confines of the Tower. One of the King’s earliest proclamations was to the effect that persons of rank found guilty of capital crimes would no longer suffer the indignity of public execution.”
With these words he left the room, and Elizabeth heard him the next moment open the front door and quit the house altogether.
“Who?”
“You may remain within call.”
Lestrade drew a deep breath.
The expression in those eyes seemed relentless and yet pitying, again giving her the sense of dealing with a power not of this earth.
A small, assertive group of yarrow blooms at the bottom of the composition caught his attention. Had someone raided the still-room? Perhaps so: this odd arrangement also included the spiky grey-green of rosemary and the shiny, crinkled leaves of basil. It was when he spotted the deadly nightshade that he understood.
Eerie as her companion was, he was not, in fact, omniscient. Molly smiled.
For the first time in her life, Elizabeth found herself equally unhappy with both parents. Bound by ties of honour to reveal nothing of what Mr Darcy had vouchsafed concerning his sister Georgiana, she could only point to Lydia’s general boisterousness and the shame it reflected on the family, as reasons to prevent the Lake Elderno expedition. She marshalled her best arguments to this effect and her father laughed at all of them.
He spread his hands in a gesture of futility. “For all their strength, they could not prevent her capture and kidnap. But it seems a ransom has now been paid by her family and she is at liberty.”
He had not intended to be importunate; he hoped he had not sounded so. “Sir, I thank you. But that was not the point I meant to make. What I can tell you is that from everything I have heard and those who told me of it were men of credit with no reason to lie, your sister and her chaperone were treated with utter respect and offered not the smallest suspicion of insult. Once liberated, I am persuaded my troops will swear that before any tribunal in the land.”
“My Aunt Elaine died in childbed and left her widower, my uncle, to raise their daughter. That, too, is well-known. However, what is less known is that he remained bitter about his late wife’s treatment at Prince Gerald’s hands during her first marriage.”
poison then, sir.”
Peter Brenzaida’s head hurt.
She fancied Lady Anthea’s eyes flickered.
It had come at last: the thing long-feared, never spoken. James of Gondal had destroyed them all. He sank onto the bed and put his head in his hands.
There was more, but those were the last words she recollected until she surfaced, abruptly, shouting, “Do you think that any consideration would tempt me to accept the man who has been the means of ruining, perhaps for ever, the happiness of a most beloved sister?”
“Are you quite sure of that?” The lady’s tone, gentle as it was, held a sardonic note reminiscent of the Crown Prince’s.
. It is a sacrament.” The fine white brows were drawn down, the rubicund face perplexed.
The rain clouds gathered before they were a league from Hunsford. By the time two turns had passed, the rain was thick and relentless. It persisted throughout their journey to Gondal Town, and turned the two hours break at Charlescut Halt, where her uncle had arranged to meet her, into a chilly misery.
“Not all of them, I assure you. The Pretender of Gondal has a most vivid and foetid imagination.”
That thought haunted him through all the corridors and ante-rooms of the palace, until at last the footmen threw wide the doors into the smaller of the two Royal writing rooms, the one preferred by the King for his most intimate audiences.
“When we get inside, leave me to do the talking. And whatever you hear or see, try not to look surprised.”
The last miles of road had been bad, of a badness Charles had not dreamt could exist so close to the capital. He had spent over ten miles wishing he’d had the sense to ride, like Darcy, rather than give in to Caroline’s insistence that he accompany her in the carriage. The accident, when it began, seemed to have the ghastly inevitability of a dream. The thought of trusting himself to those roads so soon after the reseating of his shoulder made him run cold with horror.
She would have wagered everything she possessed and ever hoped for that Lizzie Duplessis was the truest daughter of Gondal who ever drew breath. But, that being so, how in a million years had a letter in Lizzie’s handwriting, addressed to
“Quite so,” she said, suppressing a grin and seeing from Molly’s face that she was doing likewise.
“I had not thought of it in those terms. It – it oversets me, rather.”
“I heard a little. I would like to hear more: now my fluency with the language has improved, perhaps I shall understand them better.”
“Frances, thank you so much for consenting
“Moving out? Moving out
have been there, but for –
Lydia tossed her head; the firelight caught and flung back red-gold sparks from her soft brown curls. A sure way to captivate men, that. In Harriet’s younger days, she too had cultivated a repertoire of head-tosses and hair flicks, practising for hours in front of the mirror. If Jane failed to make an advantageous marriage, then Lydia would and save them all. Not too soon to think of it, either; Lydia would be fourteen next month. Following the Princess’s example, marrying young was all the rage. After all, what was there to wait for? The whole business was a game of chance. One might be as easily deceived in one’s husband at forty (look at Miss Bates and her so-called merchant sea-captain!) as at fourteen.
“You came, then.”
“He’s not coming.”
Charlotte’s letters painted a picture of Hunsford and their great neighbour’s domain of Rosings Park which differed little from her husband’s save that she softened his wilder flights of enthusiasm. Sir William, however, did not apply any nicety of judgment in differentiating their accounts. For him, the accord his daughter had found with her new husband was of phoenix-like rarity. He congratulated her, himself and Mr Collins indiscriminately on it all the way from Meryton, until Elizabeth was on the point of screaming. Maria, overcome by having ventured so far from the familiar fields of home, and in internal agonies from the constant rocking and bumping of the Lucas family carriage, hardly ventured a word.
Colonel Fitzwilliam shivered, a goose walking over his grave. In the days to come, a matter as little as the stress Darcy had placed on the word “favourite” might send them both to the Caitiff’s Tower. Darcy’s people were famously loyal but, even so there were ears ever open to receive such stuff. Odd, how habit accustomed one to ideas one would have pronounced unthinkable six short months ago.
“Lemonade, ladies?” The housekeeper was among them, and all dissolved into smiles.
"And so have you, my child. But not here. There is a south wind rising and war may spill across the borders at any time. You have family north of Gondal Town, I believe? Write to them. A woman needs her mother beside her at a time such as this. It is the natural order of things; not the fussiest of husbands or most overbearing of patrons can gainsay it. Go to your mother, my child.
of Ragusa, and, I believe, departed the same way: certainly she slipped her moorings before dawn on the day after she docked. She neither took on nor discharged cargo in the port.”
Baulked of this comfort, she returned to Uncle John’s letter, only to find it a disappointment. With the passes opening both to Gondal and to Angria, and the rumours of war louder than ever, it stood to reason that the Princess’s advisor would be on his travels once more. He hinted that they might be taking a further diplomatic tour of the southern provinces of Gaaldine and that in consequence he feared he might be unable to write for some time.
The Bishop tutted. “As I said, it grieves me to see you in such company. But, since it concerns you, it is indeed a warm night, and I shall take my chance on rheumatism. So, my child, let me hear your confession, here, now, where none will mark it, and then let us return to the hall.”
Harriet nodded. “If the King does set traps for us, there will be those in the district watching to see them sprung. Not a word, even to Lydia. I shall give it out that Lizzie extends her stay with Charlotte and no-one will trouble themselves to enquire further.”
The Bishop inhaled, sharply.
Harriet thought, pasting on a simpering expression and assuring her ladyship that they never sat there after dinner.
He had been stumbling automatically into his clothes while the stranger spoke; anything seemed better than being at the mercy of that piercing gaze while practically naked. That, though, brought him up short: one leg in and one leg out of his breeches.
opened the floodgates, all right.
To one who had died unshriven and in such circumstances, the already-overstuffed graveyards of Gondal Town were closed. Various prelates had washed their hands of Flora, noisily and with much sniffing.
a port. Seamen cast ashore are not known to respect the niceties. Also, Elbe, in particular, is very close to the border. Were trouble to arise, the instigators could be secure in Gaaldine before six turns of the glass, even against pursuit. These men are smugglers born.”
There was a faint light glowing over to the left of the house. He concentrated on it until he could make out that it was the dying embers of a brazier on the terrace. There were no other lights; the house must be shuttered, locked up for the night.
“Now? His grace wishes me to wait on him without delay?”
Frances and Jonathan exchanged glances. King Mycroft’s sentence of exile on the Crown Prince had been proclaimed on 13 April. News of it would have reached the palace in Gondal Town within a day at the latest; it was the kind of intelligence worth foundering horses over. Elizabeth’s last letter had been dated 16 April, two days before the gentlemen’s departure. Both men were powers in the land; one a commander of men, the other the possessor of a legendary fortune. What more likely than that one or both of them had received a Royal summons and somehow let something slip to Elizabeth? So, an explanation for the urgency and her letter’s indiscretion, both.
“You were talking about your birthday dinner and ball this evening,” John said, defensively.
A misjudgment, that: Frances’ face lit up with interest.
“The Darcy state carriage?”
Clarence had never rated her abilities as a chess-player but he knew when she had him in a fork, all the same. In less time than she would have believed possible the courier was pelting down the road to Gondal Town, insincere professions of gratitude and delight from both Elizabeth’s parents scorching a hole in his saddle-bag.
Harriet’s ears pricked. Had that been two women speaking, she would have known what to make of “better than well” but in a man, and a foreigner, who could tell? She slid her eyes sideways, but could make nothing of her brother’s expression.
It was pleasant, too, in the shade of the trees, even at his conscientious jogging pace. The river was at its widest here; peat brown, spreading across broad reaches, caressing pebbled shores, rushing over shoals and rocks. Birds sang above him.
From behind him came a frantic roaring cry
“Of course.” Mrs Annesley was all gracious smiles. “Colonel Fitzwilliam has always impressed upon us the importance in the Army of respecting the chain of command. Pray could you pass a message to your commanding officer? My compliments to Lieutenant Brenzaida: pray tell him we do not blame in the smallest particular for the chance-fallen delay on our journey: we propose to sit down on this rock, here, and while away our time in sketching the scene while you clear the road ahead. We shall be perfectly quiet and not contribute to his cares.”
“An occasion?” Charles’ wits floundered, his mind running on balls and fetes. Abruptly, he made a connection. “You mean, for a duel?”
had found fault with her appearance when she had brought all the advantages of home to her turnout, it might be safest to present herself a trifle crumpled, to avoid undue effort all round.
His valet, credit to him, had anticipated the summons. The clothes he had selected for Darcy were judged to a nicety for a gentleman of the first rank paying a call upon the senior branch of his family. That is, they were of self-embroidered silk brocade in the soberest colours and the most impeccable cut. All the proper accoutrements were to hand, including a plumed hat with fresh feathers and an ebony stick with a silver top. Darcy let it slide through his gloved hand so its ferrule thumped on the hall floor: he hoped the footman decoded the message.
Julian brought his closed fist down on the table of rough-hewn planks that was the cave’s principal concession to comfort.
Charles slid back under the sheets. Sitting up had done nothing for his shoulder, and the opened window was letting in an unwholesome draught.
“I do not wish to leave this place, but we should be returning. It is quite some distance to Hunsford, and I should not like to cause anxiety to my cousin. Besides, the sun is so very strong. We should retreat into the shade.”
His housekeeper smiled. “
will make her the richest heiress in the three kingdoms, which I imagine will pique even Mr Darcy’s interest.”
Though back then, most of her grief had been for the Colonel’s daughter, Ruth. Dear heavens, Ruth: pale, willowy, grey-eyed and silent. Harriet had been so very much taken with Ruth during that summer the Watsons had spent at Aspin Castle, where her father had been sent as resident physician to an elderly dowager. How heavenly that summer had been, once the Royal wedding announcement lifted the shadow of civil war from the land: a brilliant succession of balls, water-parties, picnics, fireworks and treasure hunts.
Julian rose to his feet. “Sir, will you do me the honour of walking with me a while outside? No –” He raised his hand to forestall a hesitance that might, after all, have been imaginary. “I shall not ask you to receive my confession in a pine grove on a mountainside.”
“Forgive me, Elizabeth, but I
“Do you recall this?”
“Report, then, has it
months. I trust I leave you in health?”
So. She would put her faith in Mrs Reynolds, even unto defying the King.
“Indeed not.” Elizabeth slid into place opposite Charlotte and reached for a roll. Their eyes met in perfect understanding across the bread-basket.
The landlord of
Molly’s hand went to her lips. “You recovered them? Did you get back the necklace? Who were the masked thieves?”
The person of whom we have known nothing until now. The most interesting person, therefore, in this whole tale. Strictly between these four walls, pray tell me how this
Frances shivered, remembering the precautions the men of their own party had made when they, too, ventured the high passes between Gondal and Gaaldine. That had been high summer. But Charis must have set out with winter snows already on the peaks. Not a time for opportunistic theft.
Instantly, he was back in an improvised camp on the edge of the Great Gaaldine Mire: throat and nose seared with woodsmoke, skin alive with insect bites, the rough local spirit burning his gullet, ears strained to catch the howl of hunting dogs and to catch one specific dog’s howl above the rest.
“Mama,” Lizzie murmured, though the new arrival had made no request to be introduced, “Lady Catherine de Bourgh.”
?” A flash of hope, as quickly shielded.
“Goodness!” Elizabeth exclaimed. “I had not an idea of it. Imagine a King having an aunt, like ordinary mortals. Do you suppose she sends him pages of good advice on the merits of wintergreen ointment and earnest instructions as to the care of his undergarments?”
“It’s what my brother says here, concerning what Gondal might expect from Gaaldine, when war comes.
“Right, lads, finish up. You’ve got a job to do. The King’s not paying you to stand about drinking.”
“If it were merely a fine house richly furnished, I should not care about it myself, but the grounds are delightful,” her aunt scolded her. "And, too, you must have heard so much about it. Surely you cannot pass up an opportunity to see Pemberley for yourself. Wickham passed all his youth there, you know. ”
The people at the villa on the hill had expressed neither surprise nor objection at Jonathan’s requests. No word had been spoken of payment for the two sets of clothing with which she had been supplied, or for the services of the expert seamstress who had altered them to fit. Nor had any question been raised as to why Frances found it necessary to dress both as a sober scion of a mercantile house and a frivolous French mademoiselle. Big Gertie’s signature on their letter of introduction entitled them to infinite discretion in addition to limitless credit.
“But why isn’t he back now?” Miss Hooper pondered.
“I do indeed. But, both of you, have a care. Lady Agnes Campbell is now Lady Agnes Traquair. We thought we knew the reason why, but this puts a very different complexion on the matter. But it also gives us, perhaps, a route to find your sister and Mr Wickham. Though, perhaps, less reason to promote a match between them?”
his entire party had fallen into the hands of the man whom, as soon as his increasingly indignant demands for paper, pens and ink were met, he would describe in his long-overdue report as “the outlaw falsely styling himself as Julian d’Ancona, twelfth Duke of Malham.” (Having met the man in question for a tense quarter-turn’s interview, which had left him more nauseated even than his lingering concussion warranted, in Brenzaida’s private opinion he was either the greatest actor in the three kingdoms or exactly who he claimed to be, but even he would hardly be fool enough to say so in a report the King himself would no doubt read or at least have
“He’d
Lady Anthea’s perfect brows arched. “How odd. Several of my friends (at least, they claim the title, and who am I to gainsay it?) would say that reputation belonged to your own mother.”
Other attempts at small talk having failed, Harriet recalled, with gratitude, their mutual acquaintance in Hunsford. “May I take the liberty of asking your ladyship whether you left Mr. and Mrs. Collins well?”
The monosyllable was enough. The Abbess of Norburyness was hailed throughout Europe as the greatest female theologian of the age. Her pellucid theological essays and biting pamphlets had earned her the title ‘the second Heloise’, though that name had more than one significance.
hung, unspoken, in the sultry air of the roof terrace.
Not for the first time in this conversation, Frances wished she were in a position to take notes. Still, if her job was now to improve English at the Court, there was only one thing for it. She drew a deep breath and plunged.
The house they had been seeking was curiously modest for this district. Neat and well-appointed, it nestled amid the neighbouring great mansions like a bantam amid a flock of peacocks. A discreet servant answered. As he turned to bear word of their arrival indoors Mama’s face grew stern.
The Countess had frequently considered her daughter-in-law, beautiful and well-connected as she was, the most empty-headed woman in the three kingdoms. But the urge to slap her had never been stronger than in this moment. It might even
That had been six years ago and parcels of game and the best of the girls’ outgrown gowns were still sent from Longbourn to the inn on the road and Bessie still returned a barrel of beer for the harvest home celebration each year. Whatever secrets she entrusted to Bessie, they would be safe, and she would sleep safe and respectably beneath her roof.
"How could her father permit such a thing? Quite apart from the matter of age, Traquair has neither rank nor fortune to recommend him, and such influence as he may once have possessed at Court–
a reason?
A pale, long-fingered hand reached out and captured the letter. “John. Ring the bell. Recall the courier. Say you have received distressing family news, and wish to know more about how – and from whom – he received the letter. I shall send word to the port to deter the ship’s captain from an early departure.”
“So he has obtained some sort of librarianship with –” She boggled at the scrawl which followed, of which ”Lady“ and ”urgh“ were the only legible portions. ”With some great lady with Court connections? And so he proposes a reconciliation? How provoking of the man. Why could he not keep quarrelling with you, as his father did before?"
“Might I enquire what this letter contains?”
“I recognise that knock. He knows me to be engaged, and would not trouble me for any small matter. Open it.”
“Ssh, Lydia! No-one would think the same of a woman who made a match in such a way.
Musgrave’s tongue thickened in his mouth, but around it he managed to gasp out the following truths: namely, and as God and the Holy Virgin was his judge, or judges, that he had never known anyone claim the Surgeon-General of Gondal (hero of Vannstown, chosen by his late Majesty Ambrosine, Seventeenth of that name, to be protector of his only daughter) to be forsworn; that the kingdoms of Gondal and Gaaldine were not (formally) at war at the present moment, making treason a moot issue; and that in any event the cousin of the King himself lay sick at Pemberley, and that he had been sent to bring to her bedside the best physician in the district and since the best physician in the district happened to be the best physician in the whole of Gondal, other considerations came a very remote second.
Lizzie rolled her eyes; Harriet could not but sympathise. Her youngest had been asking the same question for days, so if she did not know the answer by now it could only be because she had refused to hear it. Which, Lydia being Lydia, was almost certainly true.
“Mine aren’t the credentials to pass current at Rosings, ma’am. And I’d lay odds that your brother would know I’d made the approach long before you was ever told of it.
“Oh! My dear Lydia, when shall we meet again?”
Aloud, Elizabeth said, "But really, and upon my honour, I will try to do what I think to be the wisest; and now I hope you are satisfied, Aunt.”
Molly got to her feet. “Release her. Release her now.”
For a moment, James Moriarty looked as if ‘Colonel Fitzwilliam’ were the name of some ancestor, a great-grand-uncle lost to Faerie centuries ago from a greenwood dell. Then he collected himself.
Cornered between them, Julian looks, for a moment, panicked. Then, he nods engagingly to Darcy.
Darcy did not need to complete the sentence. Traquair had spent two wives’ fortunes already, for the most part on brandy, high play and the women of the lower town.
Saying “No” had been the hardest thing she had ever done in her life, childbirth included.
He scrawled in an ‘X’ on the southern approach to the bridge, on the upstream side.
As if on cue, a wasp came buzzing over the tea-table. The yellow on its back shone bright in the sun, like that extraordinary silk turban Caroline Bingley affected. Recalling Miss Bingley, Georgiana suppressed a giggle. She could see exactly how it must have been with the Duke and the debutantes. Levity only lasted a moment, though. The Duke, who had been almost as much a
Rather than answer immediately, the Crown Prince reached inside his satin frock-coat and pulled out a soft leather pouch and a pipe.
Still, she continued in agitated reflections till the sound of Lady Catherine’s carriage bringing the Collinses home made her feel how unequal she was to encounter Charlotte’s scrutiny, and she took refuge in her room.
He was gone. In the quiet of the gardens the priest took her hands in his.
“Supposedly?”
extolled by priests a distant, unpleasant memory, but she shamelessly cast a prayer into the void, that the fire be extinguished (completely, soon, without casualties) and that it left her with an intact bed and that she could pull her husband into it with her.
"Miss Hooper started to win; not spectacularly, but steadily. When we broke for supper, I think she must have won back half of what she had lost on the previous occasion –”
if we are out much longer and I still have letters to write, taking my leave of our friends in the district.”
The officer gulped. “Your grace. Sir. I have the honour to be the officer commanding Deadholm Barracks.”
"As what? A wandering fiddler and his personal falconer could hardly hope to pass unremarked, even in the Borders. John; I’m a wanted man. Also, Adair needs someone to stand between him and his uncle for a week or two, while he mourns his dead, detects and distracts those sent by the Pretender to find out what’s become of Moran, and strengthens those weaknesses in the castle’s defences which we must suppose have been faithfully reported back to Gondal. Given the proclamation nailed to every church door in the land, can I be that man? You’re clean. You may have set out to find me – whether to plead with me to return to endure my brother’s chastisement or for any other purpose being left as an exercise for the King’s examiners and no-one else – but, since you failed, no blame can possibly smirch you. You can even go back to Court –”
She sighed. “The ones I’ve come across so far all seem to be bent on provisioning their own pockets.”
“And if you accepted and found yourself that same seven years later with five children and a husband crippled by wounds and unable to work? We are not talking of fancied futures, Lizzie, but of the here-and-now. At least, you could refrain from encouraging him to be here so often. If he truly cares for you, it is unkind to tantalise a man who knows he cannot honourably propose marriage to a woman he is unable to support. I would think less of him were he to do so.”
So, despite Mama’s lamentations, Bessie Walnut had left Longbourn and twelve years later was the mistress of a flourishing concern and mother of four little ones of her own. They had seen her seldom, but when Mary, Lydia and Kitty had had the measles Jane and Elizabeth had been sent to stay with her, to be safe from the infection. It had been six weeks of pure delight. Mama, arriving to bring them home, had thrown herself on Bessie’s neck and wept tears of sheer relief to see them hale and cheerful.
Her jaw dropped.
gentle. If this marriage to the new tenant of Netherfield were to proceed, Jane would need help. More specifically, she would need the sharp elbows and keen eye on the main chance which Harriet Watson had developed when, so many years ago, the Fates had granted her that opportunity. She had grabbed Clarence Duplessis with both hands. How could a sparsely-dowered girl (curse Papa and his endless charities and easy-going ways) do otherwise? And if she’d only borne a boy –
Oh God. What on earth was he to do?
"How terrible! That poor girl. But tell me, aunt–”
She had, more than once, wondered if Colonel Fitzwilliam were attracted to her. If so, this might well be his way of letting her down lightly.
Jane read, drooped, and looked up again.
“Never go into battle without being as well fed and rested as you can contrive,” the Crown Prince said, in a sententious tone which suggested he was quoting someone, no doubt some long-dead carpet warrior of the court of Mycroft I.
a spy had read her most recent letter, Elizabeth Duplessis must stand in sore danger of being taken up for treason. That it had gone directly from Miss Duplessis’ own hand via an intermediary not in the service of Lady Catherine took a load off her mind.
“No more I should.”
The compliment passed by scarcely felt.
The envelope was too thick; there must be a letter from Uncle John concealed within. How fortunate that Charlotte’s situation permitted her to send letters already franked, so Mama had no financial leverage to compel Elizabeth to share their contents. Such pressures as family habit and maternal disapprobation put at her disposal, however, Mama deployed to fullest measure.
“My poor dear,” she said. “I can see from your expression that your head-ache has not quite dissipated. It was brave of you to set out.”
Maybe – just maybe – the spectacular fireworks of a gallant defence of his land against massive odds might slake the King’s wrath. Lestrade had, after all, stood close to him during the long years of exile, tending his flame in secret. Who of that clandestine brotherhood was left now? Not Douglas, killed on that rash sea-wolf adventure. Moran, after the spectacular coup of the Reaching Beck Bridge, was long overdue on his return to Court, unless he had re-emerged while Lestrade was occupied elsewhere. Even before he had left Gondal Town it was whispered Traquair declined daily, his episodes of aphasia or blank-eyed confusion becoming almost impossible to hide.
There had been fewer than half a dozen in the funeral party. The Queen and her remaining ladies made four. The cowering priest was the sole man present. Queen Felicia herself had read from the Bible in ferocious, beautifully precise Latin:
Her heart turned over; her hand went to her lips. “Has something happened to Mr Darcy’s sister?”
“Did your affairs in the capital prosper?”
Confronted by this overt emotion, Charlotte seemed frozen into her seat. Elizabeth reached out across the carriage and caught Miss Hooper’s wrist, feeling the racing pulse beneath her fingers like a trapped bird.
thousands of men. We have
The sergeant coughed.
Harriet became acutely aware that she was no longer alone in the chapel. She barely slid her eyes sideways, but was conscious of the tall Prioress to her left, kneeling at the rail telling her rosary – a wonderful thing, that rosary, carved in a deep rich ivory, the beads marking each decade carved in the fashion of a musical instrumen: little fiddles, hautboys, lutes all complete.
“Where to?” Trooper Musgrave blurted, before he could think.
“French!” Jonathan whispered, at a perfectly audible volume. “What can you expect? Oh, don’t worry. I don’t think she understands a word. It’s a miracle to me how she and the young master managed to fall in love at all, with him so tongue-tied he can barely get a syllable out in company and her jabbering away in foreign. But, however it was, they did and now here we are. If you can make my lady comfortable, I’d best be away to see after the horses and see whether the young master’s found the priest yet.”
Charges hidden in the mouth of the gorge exploded. The night broke apart in fire and storm. All the horses tried to bolt at once. One wagon toppled on its side. A horse’s scream, like a soul in torment, rent the night. The horses freed by the poachers broke free, and stampeded into the dark.
“So, sir, you are of Gondal?”
“What person who knows what his misfortunes have been can help feeling an interest in him?”
“Indeed, ma’am.”
made up her mind for her. She turned aside, fumbled for a moment inside her bodice, then swung back to face the Crown Prince of Gaaldine, holding out the talisman.
Lady Agnes spread her hands in a gesture of bafflement. “What else? Lady Abruzzi, though she was losing, protested. She would clearly have liked to continue. But your– but Miss Hooper held firm and when her carriage arrived she walked out with her evening’s winnings. Lady Abruzzi stayed on, though.”
"Thank you. I am more grateful than I can say for your care of me, and that of your people. I cannot quite recall, but I think I escaped two days ago –”
“He would, you know,” the Crown Prince agreed. “Kings do that sort of thing all the time. It’s an elevation in rank which has a supremely bad effect on a man’s character. And is quite corrosive of brotherly sentiments.”
“Darcy: I have known Georgiana since we were children, playing together in these woods. Our families have been always as close as kin. She was in profound danger. Via your housekeeper, I heard her call for help and answered it.”
More than once, though, she caught Miss Hooper’s eye on her, with something unreadable in her expression. It intrigued her, so that on Lady Catherine’s bustling into the orangery to tell them that her niece was well overdue for a rest, and they must leave at once, Elizabeth was most pleased to hear Miss Hooper request that they both attend on her at the same time the next morning. They accepted with the most cheerful alacrity.
For once, Darcy’s expression lacked its customary assurance. “It was not your shoulder of which I was thinking.”
family?”
Before she could raise the question, Molly spoke again.
marriage? Holy Church forbids —”
A footman was waiting outside the door, the butler’s time presumably being too precious to waste. They passed rapidly through a succession of grand apartments, Peter’s heart sinking with every step he took. This family, so great, so well-established; how could he avoid their vengeance for carrying out the task entrusted to him, even though it had been his duty?
Memories pressed hard on him: fear, pain, the noise of battle and an odd, whirling exhilaration, never experienced before or since.
. Despite the stifling heat of the carriage, Elizabeth felt suddenly cold. She had not enquired, but surely the villa to which they were travelling must be the same one in which Wickham had wormed his way into the affections of Mr Darcy’s sister, with disastrous results.
of that season, of course, but your mother only had eyes for your father from the moment they were introduced. I expect that would have been a great relief for the poor man; every other mother and their girls were round like bees to a honey-pot.”
He chose to examine Lady Agnes Traquair first. The terror of being brought into the royal presence had almost overwhelmed her; she trembled at the knees and had to be discreetly held upright by one of the Palace maids. Terror had blanched her face to a greyish-chalk; no-one would have believed her not yet twenty.
The voice was so low Peter could not tell its source. His blood froze. To make a bad situation worse, the men’s pay had, indeed, been in arrears for the third month running and it was whispered in the mess that Traquair of the War Office had rendered a very dusty answer to the c/o’s enquiry as to when the situation might change. Dragging a man on charges for imprudently telling a harsh truth stank in his nostrils, but letting insubordination (in front of a civilian, too!) go unpunished went against all his training.
Slowly, she counted to fifty.
“Boots!” he yelled at the full force of his lungs, throwing off the bedclothes. His bare feet hit the cold boards of the floor with a thud that doubtless rattled the elegant chandelier of Percy, Viscount Exina, in the set below his.
“Hush. Even here, such words are dangerous. Come, cousin, let us back to the chapel. It may be God has a miracle in store for Gondal, even at this late date.”
Julian drew a deep breath. The task outlined was mountainous; it would have daunted even Crispian, but nonetheless he felt his veins run with liquid fire.
, along with her life, was her reputation? She’s been away for weeks, with no chaperone and no explanation. People have said all sorts of things. Or at least, thought them at me very loudly and allowed them to be said in front of people who then dutifully reported them. And you can hardly say that she did anything to soothe my fears, simply leaving a note saying Jonathan was a sensible man and would do his utmost to care for her. Jonathan: a common soldier!”
“For a man who’s to be married on the morrow, you should be more worldly wise. Come to think of it,
It would not do. All the last week’s fears, frustrations and humiliations came to a head at once.
His uncle the Earl was indeed the head of the family, though once Prince James had been recalled from exile few recalled that fact and most of those few had taken care to forget it by the time of the Coronation. Nonetheless, in the current situation there could be no-one more proper or capable for Darcy to consult. The Earl’s son, Colonel Fitzwilliam, currently on active duty in the Borders, was joint guardian with Darcy of Georgiana. In his son’s absence, the Earl was most truly the person who had a right to rule on Georgiana’s health and happiness. Furthermore, if Colonel Fitzwilliam’s own opinion were required, who better than his father to get a message to him?
Frances’ world lurched. Nevertheless, it gave her an unlooked-for opening. “And what, sir,
Must married life always come to this? Had her parents (so dissimilar in tastes, so seemingly ill-suited) begun their married life with the same cold calculation which repelled her when she encountered it in Charlotte?
Peter nodded, and made a mental note to commend his acting-sergeant’s initiative when he finally got the opportunity to make his report. As for that –
“Indeed not.” His face changed, becoming more serious. “Though perhaps it is unkind of me to laugh about it. In accepting my cousin as an adoptive daughter, my aunt took on the most complete disarrangements of her habits, and one with lasting consequences.”
felt for her spouted forth in one overpowering torrent. To be fair, he expressed himself well: at least while he confined himself to the warmth and sincerity of his feelings. Once he veered away from that safe topic onto his sense of her inferiority, his expectation their marriage would be taken as degradation by all the principal part of his family up to and including the King himself; onto the personal and political obstacles he foresaw and the family feelings he would undoubtedly wound by his proposed course of action, Elizabeth’s initial regret that she must refuse him was overcome first by resentment, and then with outright anger.
The giant let out an impressed whistle. “My friend was right, milady. You are, indeed, so much more than I could have expected. Well, girl, are you going to obey your mistress?”
“Aye. He’s her cousin: a clerk or somesuch to Lady Catherine de Bourgh, the lady of Rosings, and a prosy sort of gent he seems to be, to say nothing of penny-pinching. His wife’s a different matter, though. The fishmonger spoke highly of her.
"If this paper is truly from Georgiana’s kidnapper –”
“Second: you know, we know and the Pretender knows so great a coup could not have been executed by one person acting alone.”
“That – lightweight?”
“Bless me, father, for I have sinned –”
Although she could not mention this to her aunt, that reflection was hardly calculated to recommend the scheme. Elizabeth fell silent, then when she retired at night made a few commonplace enquiries of the chambermaid. They had passed the fine Pemberley estate in the travels; from the glimpses she had seen through the trees it seemed a monstrous fine place. Was it true that it was owned by the King’s own cousin? Indeed, and were the family down for the summer?
And all his men, including the deserters, must have been insinuating themselves into the household, especially with the kitchen and scullery maids, for the best part of a day. Anyone could have learnt of the bill of fare, and raided the troop’s medical supplies for enough opium to render the sergeant
With a jingling of harness and a blowing out of breath, the horses came to a halt. They felt the lurch of the carriage as the coachman jumped down, the creak and clank of iron gates opening and then the carriage turned sharp right, down an avenue overshadowed by umbrella pines and cypresses like black flames. Elizabeth leant out of the carriage window, inhaling great gulps of resinous, salt-tanged air.
presiding at Pemberley in place of Aunt Anne or Georgiana?”
He drew a deep breath. “Lucky.”
The expression on Molly’s face was like sunrise through spring trees. “It would be extraordinary were he not. While Queen Iphigenia lived, one might almost forget the Crown Prince of Gaaldine was his brother’s heir presumptive, not heir apparent. Her death in that sea wolf raid changed everything. Another year could see Mycroft of Gaaldine married with a son of his own and the Crown Prince one step removed from the succession. Such an event would give signal encouragement to the disaffected within Gondal.”
He looked straight past Peter, as if recalling scenes and people long lost.
“I fear it must. We should all prepare.” Molly’s eyes narrowed. “You have family there, I collect.”
With ineffable elegance, Lady Anthea shrugged. “Over recent days at least three personages of the Court have confided that information to me: not as gossip but as Divine truth. I am not precisely sure whether the Holy Wisdom has it that your so-called retirement to the country is because you wish to conceal your condition as long as possible, you are prostrate from an induced miscarriage or because Princess Charis has had you secretly garrotted. Accounts differ.”
The walk, as Molly had promised, was shaded, the incline gentle and the morning cool. They were the very conditions for a rapid improvement of acquaintance, and then for an acceleration of the progress from acquaintance towards friendship. It helped that they were just close enough in age to remember some of the older residents of Meryton and its district, many of them dead these ten years or more, and to laugh over their peculiarities, reminiscences which would have left the younger Lizzie baffled.
He nodded. “Heather will do admirably. But accent it with bog asphodel, if it can be found. Pomegranate leaves for added greenery. They provide excellent contrast to the moorland flowers.”
could be none other than the elder of the two ladies who’d been hanging about the Santa Gertrude at the very moment Frances had let slip her thrice-cursed exclamation in English.
Lady Agnes was white to the lips but her voice did not falter. “Yes, your grace. Twice.”
Only once he was washed, fed and cared for did a quiet knock on the door herald the arrival of the master of the house himself.
“Would it? But why?”
we discussing?”
“For,” he added with a hint of his old confidential air, as they walked in the garden at Longbourn, “I have it on the most excellent authority that his Grace the King intends the forfeit estates of the Duke of Malham to be the dower lands of his sister, Miss Hooper.
“Oh, so your Meryton diversion took in Longbourn as well? I trust you made my duty to Mrs Duplessis and to her daughters?”
Their hostess had been wrapped in thought throughout luncheon, responding but slightly to Elizabeth’s attempts at conversation. It was only once the servants had cleared away that she bestirred herself.
The chapel’s air was laden with stale incense, snuffed candles and a chill, mouldy reek, as of grave-clothes. For a moment, Harriet thought Mr Darcy might be physically sick.
accomplishments are not something attainable by many girls, however long they practise.”
“And you have four sisters, I understand. What a charge for your poor mother. Tell me, what are their ages? Do they all play and sing? What of drawing?”
Despite these precautions, they encountered no trouble on the road. Indeed, there was less traffic than Elizabeth had expected, even in Gondal Town itself. Those people whom they saw kept their heads down and walked with hurried, unswerving steps. Even when a young blade in a gig careered down the street, splashing everyone he passed, people did little more than glare.
mingled with
"To the War Office? But what can I say that has not –”
Even as the banality left his lips, Charles wondered if it was even partially true. For all he knew Prince Gerald’s elder son might have been worse than his father, just better at hiding the fact. No: here was Darcy nodding, acknowledging his point.
Darcy’s head jerked up. “You?”
“Understood,” her future husband murmured.
“Stay here, just a moment, I have a favour I would beg of you.”
"Sir, I didn’t. I ate the food they sent down from the House. Like anyone did. And I drank –” At the thought of drink, the sergeant was forced to excuse himself again. This time, he did not return.
With her last gulp of wine, she swallowed any desire to ask those questions. Any answers Jonathan might give would be ones for which she was by no means prepared.
He blew out another smoke ring.
“My own physician has done the same to me before now. But I’ll wager she knows her craft better than any who would answer your brother’s summons.”
provides the perfect opportunity.”
“Ma’am. Quarter-Mistress. I speak as I find.”
“But with this news from Gaaldine – the Crown Prince estranged from his brother – surely the threat to Gondal is much lessened?”
“Can you deny you have done that?”
“You know who I am and yet you accuse my brother of having connived with a faction within Gaaldine to unseat her King? And that David was sacrificed to that end?” There was an odd expression on her face: not surprise but a sick relief that someone else had reached a conclusion she had long worried over in secret.
At length the two guests retired to their rooms. After a minatory glance in her direction, Lizzie shooed her sisters upstairs. Harriet reached for the brandy decanter, in which there was barely an inch of liquor left. Better finish it. It had, after all, been a long and trying day, and it would save the butler work.
Back in the presbytery garden, she blinked ghosts away.
“I would.” The admission was barely audible, but it was made, nonetheless. The Crown Prince gave a brief, satisfied “huff.”
“No, thank you. There is nothing the matter with me. I am quite well; I am only distressed by some dreadful news which I have just received from Longbourn.”
“Ah. The tedium of the importunate.” The King had not missed his reaction. “Tell me, coz, have you not found there is a type of person who, by all reason, should be overflowing with gratitude for the opportunities one has afforded to him, but who takes the smallest indulgence on one’s part as simply the excuse for endless further demands on one’s generosity?”
, that painted gaze seemed to say,
“That is the intention behind casting one’s bread upon the waters, is it not, soldier?”
Harriet stared blankly at the guttering candles.
Molly smiled. “Be truthful, Agnes. My cards were merely average. I underestimated my opponent, and paid the price. You yourself told me Lady Abruzzi was a formidable card-player. I was a lamb walking clear-eyed to the slaughter.”
The world tilted, whirled, and came, abruptly, right side up once more. Julian exhaled. He brought his clenched fist down on his knee with a thump so violent he was hard pressed to suppress a yelp of pain.
“Quite so.” Darcy inclined his head slightly. “Charles is too open in temperament, too willing to see the good in everyone, too slow to look for meanings under words ever to make a courtier, even in ordinary times. But love is blind, even sisterly love. Doubtless she will force him to find an estate within easy distance of the capital and there they will entertain. Like leaving a baby unattended in the mountains, hoping to will wolves out of existence.”
Darcy sat down on it, and waited.
The giant swept her up and down with his gaze. "I should not have gossiped –”
At first, Elizabeth wondered if the Princess might have had a hand in the correspondence. That notion, improbable to begin with, foundered as time wore on. His charge seemed, in Uncle John’s account, to be little more than a royal cipher. He spoke of her progress at white-work, at her musical skill, at the hours she devoted to her charitable works. Elizabeth learned nothing at all of whether a real person breathed beneath his cultivated picture of Royal perfection.
She suffered him to lead her to a seat beneath the umbrella palms lining the harbour, Molly in careful, watchful attendance all the while. She sank, gratefully, into the shade.
Despite a lift offered and gratefully accepted from a buffalo cart slowly wending its way along the dry dust road with a load of early cherries and cucumbers, the sun was declining and they were worn out by the time they stumbled into the Collins’ house.
“Back in place, sir,” Harriet said with satisfaction. She stepped back. “Here, sip this, while Hill has your room made up. Ma’am, are you travelling with your tiring woman or can I offer you the assistance of my own girl, to allow you to freshen up after your journey?”
“I met your Aunt Gardiner for dinner, earlier. We had family business to talk over; not least, that I needed to ensure that if a match between Lydia and Mr Wickham can be contrived, she and Mr Gardiner will receive Lydia into their home and she will married under their countenance.”
That left two unexpected guests to be patched up, fed and entertained. From Lizzie’s undiplomatically raised eyebrows, Harriet gathered her second daughter shared her opinion that Miss Bingley made a great deal more fuss than was warranted over a few scrapes and bruises and that Mr Darcy’s aristocratic nose deserved to have been shaken even further out of joint than the carriage overset had achieved.
“It is not Colonel Forster of whom I speak but of the regiment’s commander-in-chief, the Duke of Malham. My husband has had a hint from a correspondent in town, a reliable man, close to the inner workings of the Court. It would seem that the Duke of Malham stands on shaky ground at present. The King showed most cold to him at a recent levee. Many noted the Duke did not make one of the Royal party at Christmas morning Mass. It is given out by his people that an old tertian fever has flared up, but those who read such signs and portents daily wonder if the next step will be a summons to the Catiff’s Tower.”
“I doubt it’s the first lie you’ve been told by the same source. So. We can assume that the house descended from father to son, as is the hallowed way of Gondal.” She did not even attempt to stop the bitterness leaking into her voice. “And also, that your confidential man’s been talking to him, behind your back.”
“What mother indeed?And yet, my dear, she has been a spy for Gaaldine these last ten weeks and I turned her into nothing; I
part of your family.”
for anyone came as a most profound shock. That the man in question was otherwise entangled – His mind cast up and instantly rejected half a hundred possibilities.
“Her mother, for several years, ran an Oxford college.” He looked across the room, decades-old images appearing before his eyes. "At least – to the extent it was run, could you imagine Sir Hector doing it? If Mycroft gives Elizabeth Pickering her head – if he has the
A day and a half later, no crisis had yet occurred. Peter and his men had been welcomed with open arms by the lodge-keeper’s wife, who had directed them to a well-filled trough for their horses and offered home-brewed ale to their riders. Peter gave a sidelong glance at his sergeant; not for permission, of course, which would be an inversion of the natural order, but for confirmation that he was not breaching one of the numerous unwritten rules for the proper conduct of officers.
Towards them drifted the sounds of fife, drum and marching feet.
“Stay here,” she commanded. “And, for Heaven’s sake, stay quiet!”
Julian sat in the opposite chair, and waved away the servitor proferring wine.
and shuffled through the pile until he came to the one he had overlooked before.
“Wind whistling in the thatch. Almost sounds like someone was talking. Which it can’t be, because if it were, it would be the kind of talk that gets men strapped to a grating in the middle of the parade ground and given forty lashes. And no-one would be tomfool enough to say anything of that kind in my hearing. So
As if by way of apology, Lady Agnes glanced down at Molly, who had resumed her seat. Molly made a get-on-with-it gesture.
“Lizzie, a moment.”
“So soon? Good heavens, I had not thought your mantua-maker could possibly have your ball-gown ready in time.”
News travelled fast through the borders. Castle Cavron had learnt a week ago that the man thought to have masterminded the necklace coup had been set upon by brigands in a ravine in the south of Gondal. In due course, a battered and disfigured corpse, identifiable only by its gear, had been found washed up below the great rapids of the Gonn River. Two other bodies, bled dry from their wounds, had been picked up along the hillside. The murdered man had taken an escort with him to Hades.
Miss Vittoria’s eyes widened. “
“Indeed I can, and on the best authority. One of my husband’s business correspondents (Italian merchants, though the family is of Spanish origin, I believe) wrote to him recently. The poor man was quite distracted. His only daughter had been induced to leave her family’s protection and put herself into the power of one of the King’s inner circle, a lord with a terrible reputation, exiled for years by King Ambrosine. The Italian merchant hoped my husband might be able to reach out to send a message to his daughter so she knew her friends still cared for her and would receive her should she leave this lord’s protection. He tried his best, but all attempts to pass that message failed. In the end Mr Gardiner found himself confronted – positively confronted – by masked bravos with cudgels who made it quite clear what he might expect if he continued to stick his nose into his Lordship’s affairs.”
“Turns out there’s some sawbones come up here for the fishing, taken a cottage on the edge of the estate.” Trooper Potts again.
“The King! The King of Gaaldine is now a widower, and not so old a man, comparatively speaking. Will he be looking for a bride?”
when one was the daughter of the King’s current, very publicly known
“Still, a likeness worth remarking on. See that you do, and that it spreads. It will be taken as mere flattery of Miss Duplessis, of course, but every little helps an idea take root. Did she correspond with her uncle during the time she spent with your lady? Elbe is a convenient base from which to dispatch letters abroad.”
The Gaaldinian nodded, and with an almost unconscious courtesy refilled the goblet from the wineskin lying, flaccid and mouth-knotted, at the far end of the table and handed it to Julian.
“Our one consolation for these troubled times is how many visitors from Gondal Town have chosen to linger in this part of the world this summer. In previous years, travellers have bypassed the district, to press straight on towards the Lakes, which are far more celebrated. Which is a very great pity, I believe.”
To his satisfaction, Molly’s jaw dropped. “You would see
Lady Abruzzi was escorted to her carriage by a cheering company of the victors, all of them wearing the scarlet silk sashes with which she had presented them. The carriage vanished down the road in a cloud of dust. With a roar, all three regiments rushed towards the cooking pits, where two oxen plus assorted sheep, pigs and fowl had been roasting since the earlier part of the day. The hogsheads of wine and barrels of beer brought in by carters at Lady Abruzzi’s orders earlier that day were broached, and Lady Abruzzi was toasted three times and three times three around the campfires.
as he eloquently put it – we should expect him for dinner today. As I have received no contrary word from him, I took the liberty of presuming he would, indeed, keep his engagement.”
The maid’s voice held a note of bitter yearning. Elizabeth’s next words came out unbidden.
Jonathan stumbled along the brick path to the back door of the villa, a massive timber-and-iron structure propped helpfully ajar. The bravo thrust him through it into a big, shadowy space, smelling of beeswax, good soap and – yes – lavender. The scent took him back instantly to an abandoned bedchamber in a deserted manor house amidst the wooded uplands of northern Gaaldine.
She exhaled, long and slow. “Could a shot have carried so far? The marksman would have had to be on one of the bluffs, yes?”
Harriet exhaled. She had borne five daughters. She would, within the next few weeks, have seen each and every one of them into the safest harbour the times and circumstances could afford.
Miss Hooper eyed her cousin with the clear-eyed amusement of one who had known him since before he was out of skirts.
“They would,” Jonathan interjected. “Not the kind of business any of their customers would want to see being put on the regular account. And I daresay their account for cleaning and refurbishment would be duly tendered to Miss Hooper in the ordinary course.”
“So did I. And so did she. But my brother can be terribly persuasive, even with mantua-makers.
They were on first name terms before finishing the third cup.
suitors to my door have been, first, having a brother ascend Gondal’s throne and, second, his promising me the attaindered estates of the Duke of Malham. And
He paused. “The three kingdoms have been disturbed for as long as I have been alive. Earlier. My father took that in mind, and made provision accordingly. Following his example and encouragement, I have added to it, over the years.”
“So you tell me she is playing high to take her mind off her cousin’s peril? A generous interpretation. But knowing my – knowing Miss Hooper, you may even be right. It is a dangerous weakness, though. Who knows what unscrupulous persons might do with such knowledge?”
Her heart caught fire, and rose phoenix-like towards the sun which gave it birth.
“Lord Julian!” Darcy thunders, just as Georgiana looks puzzled, and says, “I do not believe I can have heard that story.”
“Mr Darcy?” Charis came round to John’s side of the desk. “Georgiana’s brother?”
“Indeed. My party arrived in time to save Charis, but too late for her attendant ladies, and a number of her arms-men. Until earlier today, I believed my delay in setting out was due to the treachery of a single man – Anderson – himself killed in the raid and subsequently found to have been in treasonable correspondence with agents for the Pretender of Gondal.”
“And I hope she’s eighty, with bad breath and a shrewish temper,” Harriet said aloud. “He’s not yours, anyway, my fine lady, for all your airs and graces.”
Elizabeth’s story of Mary King crossed her mind. Even at this desperate junction Molly could not repress a smile. “My brother is vain; it is his most profound weakness. Had he been raised in obscurity and suddenly endowed with the greatest estate in the whole kingdom he would ensure all those who had snubbed him over the years paid back every last arrear of civility.”
“Not one step further.” Colonel Fitzwilliam’s voice was low and deadly. “First, you would lose your money. And, with it, my regard. My cousin attended their wedding. That is, you do mean Lydia Wickham, yes?”
Mr Darcy had commanded, and yet each time Elizabeth had shrunk from thrusting his letter into the fire. And in it there was intelligence of Mr Wickham’s past which might be of use in the search for Lydia, if she could only be permitted to use it. It would take too much explanation to convince Papa – she shrank from the attempt – but she did not think she flattered herself to think that Uncle and Aunt Gardiner had grown used to her being competent on the road. Perhaps the sense she had taken away from Elbe, of having been a grown woman in a household where women had consequence, had stuck.
“I have too much faith in your judgment, Lizzie, to fear that you will fall in love simply because you are warned against it, so I can speak openly. Your friend Wickham seems a most interesting young man; had he the fortune he deserves, I could hardly suppose you could do better. But, Lizzie, you must know he does not have that fortune.”
“In that case, I wonder if you might take this letter and see it safe on a boat for Gaaldine?” She extended the letter, together with a small purse whose contents she thought should cover all relevant expenses, with a little over for compliments.
“We weren’t – we weren’t at all – that is, they all thought we were amusing, and anyway if you want to point at one of your sisters for making an ass of herself, how about Mary?
“I had expected the game to resume. Miss Hooper had gone out of the room to – to refresh herself, and Lady Abruzzi was already seated at the table. Then Miss Hooper came back in, went straight over to Lady Abruzzi and said, ‘My apologies, but I fear we must leave it there. I have lost my taste for play.’ And then, your grace, she called for her carriage.”
“Or that his task is not yet done, and he is absent fulfilling it, ignoring whether that creates speculation or not. In which case, the task must be vital indeed.”
From something Uncle John had let slip in one of his letters, King Mycroft’s namesake the current King of Gaaldine seemed to be in a fair way towards emulating his grandfather. Elizabeth prudently kept this intelligence to herself, and merely nodded to Colonel Fitzwilliam to continue.
Papa waves a lazy, amused hand.
Exactly as if she had spoken aloud, the Crown Prince added, “My uncle the late King Rollo, as a matter of fact. Who, to do him justice, had more practical experience of warfare than you might imagine.”
“And?” the Earl grunted.
“Mrs Reynolds sent an express from Pemberley. Unlike you, that messenger didn’t stop off at Meryton. And your second stable-boy is sweet on my kitchen-maid. The news you had reached Gondal Town and proposed to ride out to see my uncle was with me, I flatter myself, before it even reached the Palace.”
The Earl snorted. “The terrain? Yes: you and I know the terrain is a death-trap. How many of our fellows in Gondal Town, how many of my peers in the King’s Council have the smallest idea of conditions seventy-five leagues north of the capital? I could make the argument; I’ll warrant it will fail. The arrogance of the capital’s lords has to been seen to be believed, and I have seen it more often than you can think, yet still cannot credit it. And that, by the way, assumes I am even permitted to make any argument at all. The pressure will be on me to recuse myself, given Georgiana is my niece.”
Devils populated his dreams that night. An infinity of devils, the great Last Judgement from the East wall of the Cathedral of SS Geraldine and Augusta given life and descended in ranks of hellish degree to persecute him: devils horned, hooved, finned, feathered, skeletal or gross. As the dream wore on, however, he realised every devil had the same eyes: wide-spaced black pits, deeper and darker than the chasm in which they had spawned. He woke, shaking, and reached for his rosary. But the beads eluded his fumbling fingers, his Aves came out awry, and the words of the Paternoster froze on his tongue, as they said happened to witches, once they had accepted Satan’s mark.
Silence fell heavy on the summerhouse.
Peter Brenzaida had expected fury. He had expected disgrace. He had expected to be thrown in irons for his dereliction.
Jane’s brow furrowed, but Charlotte instantly took Lizzie’s meaning. Meryton had already been almost overset with the excitement of the newcomers to Netherfield Hall. It seemed improbable the town could manage the additional excitement of a regiment’s being quartered in the district without incalculable harm.
“As you wish.” He paused. “He died by a cross-bow bolt. Fired by the best marksman in the three kingdoms. Given the distance and the impossibility of a second chance, no-one else would have dared. I chose the location to make such an attempt impossible. I misjudged. David paid the price.”
Altogether, the walk was so agreeable that they were on the final descent to the port, the water sparkling in the bay below them, almost before Charlotte realised it.
These matters being settled, the quality of Gondal retired to their country estates or, at least, any to which they could, by hook or by crook procure an invitation, for the start of the shooting season.
Abundant steam and hard work with goffering irons were their best resorts and the outcome at least presentable. As Elizabeth strolled damply through Rosings park, flanked by Maria and Sir William Lucas, she consoled herself by thinking that Lady Catherine could hardly be less censorious than her nephew, and since
There was little to do in a country district, even if one tried to make the best of it.
her jewels and the six crates containing her dower plate, the most generous gift on the occasion of Georgiana’s christening from Sir Lewis and Lady Catherine de Bourgh and sufficient to dine a party of thirty-six.
? Say that again.”
“And the estrangement between the King of Gaaldine and his brother concerns this?” she prompted.
“Improbable as it sounds, it is possible to get used to us,” the Crown Prince said, still in English.
“In every sense of that oft-misused word, my dear. Which is why I need to send an agent of proven resource, wit and – most important of all – having the confidence of the Crown Princess to Castle Cavron at once, to find out what is truly happening.”
At that, she finally lost patience. “And you recommend I go along with this scheme? Walk defenceless into the Palace in Gondal Town, like a lamb to the slaughter, with no more precaution than what?
I know he has been a creature of James Moriarty these many years, though recently his puppet-master cut his strings. Therefore I also know he was in some wise connected with the attack on the Princess and her party, the year before last.”
open it with her, whenever it is?”
"Whenever I think of him, I cannot lie idle. I must be doing. Mrs Collins –” There was a note in Molly’s voice which was not the conventional one.
“How foolish of me. Of course your importance to the Rosings’ household precludes your absence. There may be new works that Miss Hooper will expect to have ordered for her perusal, or material she has brought from the city which has to be catalogued. I quite see that you have to be on hand. But as to me and Elizabeth –?”
Even against those forces his resolve held. He faced outwards, away from his home, towards the Palace, and his lips moved in a silent vow.
Sir William and Maria departed for Hunsford at the end of a week, both convinced that Charlotte had met with a husband and a patroness few women in the land could boast. Elizabeth, now suffering the undiluted attentions of Lady Catherine, ventured to differ a little from that conclusion.
She nodded. “I can certainly see that delivered to its proper address.
“So, Elizabeth, you can see how it comes on. Indeed it comes on.”
Quite apart from anything else, it confirmed all the suspicions they had been voicing for years: however long they had been in one’s household, all servants were snakes in the grass waiting to turn.
with whom I could consider spending the rest of my life.”
He sounded like a man without doubt of the answer. That surprised Harriet not at all. Half a dozen treasonous plots had been uncovered since the accession of Prince James. She had seen the heads on pikes above the gates of the capital.
“What option do I have? Pass me that flask. To Charis, Queen of Gondal!”
Frances wondered what
“Practically before the action had really started, yes, sir. So naturally, when the Duke’s men showed up with the ladies, calling for us to lay down our arms and surrender, there wasn’t anything we could do. Lest the ladies be hurt, you understand. It was just after you’d been injured, sir, and were out cold.”
She let out a long breath. “That is true. And that sleeve needs immediate attention, in case the sauce stain sets.”
In less time than Frances could have believed possible, a damp ship’s boy had appeared at their side. Jonathan gestured, grandly, towards a stool at the table’s end. The boy reached out for the food; it was some minutes before he resurfaced.
He sucked in his breath. Even allowing for the passage of years and natural vanity on the artist’s part, the subject of
“Um.”
Molly dabbed her temples again. “In any event, my connections are not material. Not now. Not here.”
Frances paused for a moment, and then decided, all things considered, it was worth the risk. “Perhaps, sir, it is because you do not blunt your sharp wits sufficiently to allow for the dullness of those around you. But what has John’s kin to do with spies?”
“Lay her among the Kings and Queens of Gondal. She is of the blood, and many of her kin who lie there have made worse ends. Lay her in the Royal vaults. I command it and I am your Queen.”
“You aren’t making it easy, are you? Sherlock. Please. I can’t lose you
Privately, Harriet took herself to the chapel of St Priscilla, patron of happy marriages, and lit candles. Publicly she urged upon Clarence his absolute duty to wait upon Mr Bingley as soon as possible, in the hopes of retrieving Jane’s matter even at this late date. He laughed at her. She went to bed late and woke headachy and cross.
Jonathan, who knew just how permanent an impediment the Crown Prince could make himself when he so chose, cheered up immeasurably. Her next words dashed him.
He let his eyes fall shut. They remained shut for what felt an eternity. They were still shut when he answered.
of aunts. The sister in question, Lady Elaine, was the Pretender’s mother.” After a moment, he added, “Another sister, Lady Anne, was the mother of the second girl. I do not readily believe in coincidences.”
(No-one would have mistaken Mr Darcy for a poet. His own gift to Miss Hooper, on learning of the water pic-nic, had been an elegant straw hat, trimmed with dark green silk ribbons and with the broadest of brims.)
“Sage, for example, to indicate that the purpose of the message is to advise,” Julian suggests.
“And did you?”
The horse’s steady, jogging gait which brought Giulio to Gondal Town within the hour. He swathed his hood across his face, a move which the growing rain made blessedly innocuous, and made his way by unobtrusive degrees through the crowds who, despite the weather, thronged the streets.
He did not allow himself to move a muscle. “It’s a lesson I learned on the road from Vannstown. Your excuse?”
“We are being practised on, are we not?”
Their flight from Zalona, the stranger leading the way at a pace which made Julian wonder if his heart would crack (but no, not yet; when he had leisure to think of Papa and Crispian, yes, then) faded to a blur. Odd images shimmered up out of the whole confused mess. The chimney stacks rising like sea-cliffs out of the murk. Crossing the crowded market-place: the heart-stopping moment a member of the city watch had turned his head, apparently taking a second look at them, and that overwhelming, knees-sagging relief when Julian realised it was a coquettish farm-girl, clearly in town to offer more than pullets, who had arrested the watchman’s attention. Lying for what seemed like hours on the chill, damp ground under the overhang of a willow-shadowed river bank. Dodging through copses and spinneys, wading along culverts in case their pursuers elected to use scent-hounds. Paddling a half-rotten, semi-waterlogged punt across the River Zalon leagues below the city, where it flowed, wide and sluggish, through dense banks of reeds, alive with ducks and even more alive with mosquitos.
“What is it you mean?”
“He does not?”
“Not me. Mu-
A cold shiver went down Elizabeth’s spine. What else had she herself been doing these last months, since that unlucky suggestion of Wickham’s at Christmas? It had hardly needed that badly-spelled note she had received at Elbe, from someone with an odd, foreign-sounding name, to know that she had better cease the correspondence, or, rather, that it would have been better had she never started it. The letters she had received from Gaaldine she had (not without regret, and some tears) consigned to the bread-oven at the villa and pounded their ashes into powder. Still, anyone could have intercepted them, and her outbound letters, too. Take Charlotte’s servants, for instance. Charlotte had all-but confessed they had been selected for her by Lady Catherine, and doubtless their true allegiance would lie with she who had most to give.
“You think I – that we – that the Crown Prince – that were I to be with child, it would be the Crown Prince gossip would name as the father?”
“Court painters. They even flatter the jewellery.”
shall rouse them, lest they think some addle-pated young buck is raising an alarm of fire in the hope of catching them between strand and sea.”
“No. I sent a second express yesterday, making representations in the strongest terms that this culpable disregard for the basic principles of army management leaves us open to our weakness being exploited to the hurt of the entire nation should any enemy become aware of it.”
When she rose the convent bell was ringing Nones. She stole to the window, and saw with a pang of alarm that the little figure seated under the palm was no longer alone. Arthur, son of the
At the gates, he reached inside his jerkin for the letter of introduction he’d prayed he’d never have to use. At least, not in the presence of Frances. Thank all the saints, the broken-nosed ex-soldier in the gate-warden’s kiosk kept his expression immobile as he inspected both them and the seal on the letter with meticulous attention, at length waving them through without words.
was a poser. All Elizabeth could do by way of excuse was to say that though he had been far more civil when she met him at Rosings than he had appeared at Meryton, she had never seen him so agreeable as today. She also took the opportunity to drop as many hints as she felt at liberty to do about the falsity of Mr Wickham’s stories. On that last point, though, she was too much constrained by obligations of silence to convince her aunt, and at length they had to agree to disagree on Mr Wickham’s character.
Her companion looked amused. “Why should you? At the time it would have been considered just a local tragedy – madness, a feud, a joint suicide, who knows?”
She paused, thought, crossed out “her grace” and substituted “yr most honoured charge”
“You could not have made the offer of your hand in any possible way that would have tempted me to accept it.”
Aloud, he said, "But to hold such a resentment against a place –”
“You seem to have made them a study, sir.”
Which was doubtless true, but left Elizabeth wondering how many of them remained out there, up and down the country, still loyal and honest, but to whom?
prospect of their ending up within my disposition. Tell Miss Elizabeth you approach her as a poor man, and ask for her answer accordingly.”
A slow smile crossed his face. “How fortunate we are that your party decided not to press on to Constantinople. The average intelligence at Court has increased ten per cent at least from the presence of you and Elizabeth.”
The giant inclined his head. "That is true. Well, ma’am, so I have heard this happened. The King wished to have all his family about him for the State Ball. Especially, of course, the young ladies. Miss Hooper was bid to come to Gondal Town and Miss Darcy was to come down from Pemberley. Because of the Duke of Malham’s depredations on the Great North Road, his grace the King organised an escort of some twenty troopers for Miss Darcy. But –”
No-one had ever thought Charles was clever; not his father, his tutors and most
“It felt like dancing,” Elizabeth said, shortly. Lydia’s transports, after a night which had promised so much and in the end delivered very little, that little tainted, were altogether too much, especially to irritable spirits and a sluggish head.
The desperate hope in her voice broke his heart. Very slowly, he shook his head.
“Indeed, so I do.” His cousin’s voice had an edge to it. “Georgiana is here with me.”
did flutter against her overstretched nerves.
“It would make a most excellent story for the Episcopal Palace if you did,” the Bishop observed drily. “Though, to say truth, my arthritic bones might never recover.”
Like a stroke from the sharpest knife, it was a second before Darcy felt the pain.
"Excellent. So. I declare before God, the Holy Virgin and this slightly decrepit elm tree –”
"But sir, the terrain –”
His throat swelled so he could barely speak. “And?”
“He who was exiled from court for duelling, years ago?”
of us can under any circumstances afford to lose. If he has not already told you so, I will. The last letter Mr Wickham sent to – the person in question – has been returned unopened. He has almost no interest left. Tell him: I truly am his last best hope. If he sees the truth of my message, he may contact me at this address, between three and five of the clock any day this week. Or, he may send word to my house. I know he knows my direction. Tell him so.”
“Would I be in better company if my mutilated corpse were resting now in quicklime beneath the Catiff’s Tower? I suppose so, for I would have my father and brother beside me: better men by far than I am or ever will be. But is that the end you desire for the house of d’Ancona?”
to do, through injury, imprisonment or some more permanent impediment –”
“But, leaving aside the past, should you not consult my niece before mbrangling your finances to such a degree? It is all but give out in Gondal Town that it only awaits the State ball for your engagement to Miss Hooper to be announced. You can hardly expect my niece to affiance herself to a beggar.”
“Not in the general way, but the freight that has just left Rosings is enough to attract the gentry of crime from across the whole of Europe. They are taking a famous necklace, one of the three elements of the Betrothal Parure, up to Gondal Town so Miss Hooper may wear her mother’s jewels at the State Ball. It will go under armed guard from here direct to the strongroom below the Earl of Ula’s mansion so no thief, however bold, can possibly attempt it.”
“I’ll warrant your imagination will barely have scratched the surface of his depravity. But happily, and thanks to her own wit and good judgment (qualities she inherits from you, my dear) as well as Jonathan’s loyalty and ingenuity, here she is back with us unscathed, having inflicted no little injury on the Pretender. What is more, if I read Anthea’s report correctly, I doubt he even knows he has suffered injury at all. Yet. Frances has made herself the very spirit of chaos. How could the Pretender adjust his play to hers, when no-one – not Anthea, not myself, not even my brother – could have predicted her taking a hand at all?”
“Plainly it was
"As soon as I was judged able to leave my bed I was summoned to his presence. Sir, I –”
And then?
"But –”
“Early enough. What an extraordinarily sensible proposal for the Mezentian Coronet. Its setting must have been hideous when first conceived and time has not been kind to it. But I daresay Mycroft will be boring about permitting your otherwise excellent plan. So, John, what disaster has your niece contrived to embrangle herself in?”
“Nearer a third,” Molly said. "I did the calculation over supper. Like yours, my initial estimates were rather optimistic. That was why –”
Holy Virgin, would she never be able to say it? Flora’s flower had been plucked, but not by someone who would have given the delicate care to the bloom which Harriet, given half a chance, would have supplied. Flora had been left with child. Whoever the father had been, he had disowned her. Flora had sought drastic remedies and paid the price.
“I do wish my brother hadn’t been called away to Gondal Town. Or that Miss Duplessis could have stayed. I did like her so very much and I was sure they said they intended to remain in Lambton for at least a week.”
“Lydia, don’t be absurd. How could Caroline Bingley stay alone at Netherfield with a man to whom she is quite unrelated? Her reputation would be shattered.”
“Forgive me, my dear wife. Due to the press of affairs, I shall have to absent myself for some considerable time from your company. For a period of some months, indeed. Some
The news that Mrs King had become Milady di Sidonia had broken over the district with the shock of a tidal wave. Every local family district had fallen over themselves to pay off two decades’ arrears of hospitality. Appearing at the last Meryton ball of the winter on the arm of her new stepfather, Mary King had found herself for the first time besieged with suitors, and her pleasure in dispensing alternate smiles and snubs had been transparent.
“I helped him land a big’un, but when I told him there was a big fee waiting for him up at the big house he was so made up he handed it over to me. But if we let on to the others, we’ll not get more than a bite apiece, if that. There’s a likely bit of shingle upriver on the beat I was searching. I’ll go ahead and get the fire started; you follow with our rations, jacks, and anything you can scrounge to put in them.”
After the shocks of the noontide, she was prepared for Jonathan to lead her anywhere and into any thing. It came as a relief when their walk ended at a little inn on the main road, just outside the town boundary marker. It might not have had the elegance of the waterfront establishment in which her alter ego was, at this moment, supposed to be at rest, but Frances, who had not eaten since hard biscuits at dawn, approved the good smells arising from its kitchens.
But the Crown Prince would die: slowly, cruelly and publicly, and with him Charis’ hopes. And even if they evaded the troops and succeeded in crossing the border unscathed –
Lizzie ducked her head. “Let Jane wear them tonight, Mama. I have my garnets, and Jane has only her little gold knots. They’re her colour, too.”
of adequate size, soldier, otherwise they would have successfully escorted Georgiana to her destination, rather than apparently vanishing into thin air.”
one’s position in such matters. Anyway, this has been the most
In point of fact, he had not, but from the proximity of the two estates, the Darcy family’s close relationship to the King and, indeed, from the tone the master of the house had taken in this extraordinary interview, Peter had already ventured to infer it. He nodded.
The Crown Prince’s tone held a searing heat it had lacked before. “Whether Mycroft the First married the woman or not, David was our uncle; mine and my brother’s. Tell me, sir, what the penalty would be in Gondal for the cold-blooded murder of the King’s close blood kin? Of, say, yourself, or your sister?”
Good grief, how long could his wife take saying goodbye to her family? He tapped his riding whip against his boot and, as if indeed it had some magical properties, Lyddie, her parents and a gaggle of sisters emerged from the house.
“In that case, our answer is clear. Whether this is a scheme of the King or the simple kindness of a former neighbour, we
Nor did that prove an easy matter. Mr Wickham’s reputation, both for profligacy and seduction, was a matter for the wildest gossip in and around Meryton. There seemed no story about him which some neighbour or another was not prepared to cap. Jane and Elizabeth, however they tried to shut their ears to gossip, came very close to despair.
Charles felt his jaw gape open. His friend paid him no attention. He made a flat, final gesture with the edge of his right hand.
She found a secluded spot and opened the letter: a densely written sheet, covering both sides of the paper and enclosed in an envelope containing almost as much again.
Confronted with concrete questions, the officer stumbled through a moderately coherent account. A troop of twenty men, one sergeant, one corporal and a farrier. None of them heard from this last se’nnight. The messengers sent to Pemberley reporting that (save for a handful of deserters) the party had departed in good order accompanying Miss Darcy and her chaperone. Less than a day later, horses, carriage, passengers, troopers and all had vanished into the upland mists.
On descending, she found Charlotte and the fishmonger wreathed in smiles, their negotiation having apparently concluded with credit on both sides. Seeing his empty creels, a thought struck Elizabeth.
“She was an admirable chess player, especially for a girl and for one so young. That is a two-edged blade. Her skill is doubtless a family trait and King James plays chess with human lives. Nor have I ever heard of his being bested.”
Out of the corner of her eye she saw Mrs Gardiner glance from her to Wickham. Elizabeth had inwardly scorned her mother’s obtuseness and her father’s detachment alike, but it occurred to her now she had also relied on them. Having someone take an intelligent interest in her innermost concerns was a new sensation, and not so wholly desirable as she had once believed.
“Evidently. And anyway, I
He had assumed the task a mere matter of form, but a little time later the guard commander knocked on his door. Being bade to enter, he held out an envelope, addressed to Darcy, which had been found amid the cushions of a surprisingly intact interior portion of the carriage.
“She is John Watson’s niece. The Crown Prince was convinced that she was the target of foreign spies. He engaged me to counterfeit a correspondence with her, as if I and he – collectively – were her uncle. He told me what to say, to draw her out, expecting all the time the correspondence would be read, and he told me the stratagem was working, that certain devices of the Pretender of Gondal had already fallen awry because of the misinformation we were sending, but now he is gone, and a letter from her has just come to hand, written most plainly in distress of mind, and now I see, as I did not before, that we have put her in the gravest danger. And there is no help for it. He is gone, and I dare not trust the mails. I have to go myself to Gondal and sort things out. But I am terrified, and besides, I do not know the way.”
Frances vividly recalled the dying firelight casting hollows and shadows across Lady Anthea’s face, and her restless hands twisting a big ruby ring round and round on her finger.
Her hand went to her lips. That voice’s warmth, its precise cadences were unmistakably those of Sir Vernon Hooper, master of Netherfield Park, the guest of honour.
Trooper Arthur Musgrave had had a bad feeling about this expedition from the outset and Trooper Musgrave’s bad feelings, when he chose to share them with his cronies in the company, were respected. That was what came of having the best part of a quarter of a century of service in Gondal’s army under your belt.
What she might have said to that was forever lost. From outside there came the sound of jangling harness and the shouts and laughter of men. Abruptly a giant of a man ducked into the church. Despite his surroundings and the presence of the priest, the new arrival seemed to be bubbling over with suppressed mirth.
“I wished to do whatever I could to bring a little ease and lightness in these troubled times. Sir, if I may make a suggestion; over recent days I have found it a great refreshment to my spirit to walk along the ridge on the northern edge of the estate and watch the moon rise.”
could have masterminded the theft of one of the greatest Royal treasures of Gondal?”
“You would not have done. You would still have been in the nursery, and in any event it was not at Castle Malham I met your father. I met him at Court, in Gondal Town. Queen Felicia wished most particularly that we be made known to one another.”
Sherlock snapped his fingers. “Of course. The nephew of the Earl of Ula: connexions of the Pretender on his mother’s side. Given the politics of your brother-in-law, John, I am more surprised that your niece is acquainted with this man at all than that she blames him for everything that may be going wrong in her or her sister’s life.”
On All Souls Eve Frances’ world had turned. She was still turning with it. Her companion’s ability to command the calm as well as the tempest was not the least strange part of this new-minted world.
Darcy frowned. “No. He is looking to buy an estate but every place he sees is ‘
“Thank you.” There was a glint of amusement in Miss Hooper’s eye as she received the fine porcelain cup. It gave Elizabeth enough courage to look properly at the other woman for the first time.
On close scrutiny, the oddities multiplied.
we respectable? Much as it pains me to admit it, my brother is the worst man in the three kingdoms; yours, I collect, is wanted on both sides of the Border.”
Thus primed, Giulio let it all come out, from the moment in the morning when he had received the jewels into his possession in full view of Miss Hooper’s morning visitors, all of whom she had cheerfully encouraged to point and mock at the ugliness of the ear-bobs she was sending to her jewellers for cleaning.
He and his half-troop, diminished to a scant dozen by defections, had been trying to clear the landslip on the East Road. That part he recalled clearly. Out of nowhere, it seemed, a screaming onslaught of bandits had risen up from the undergrowth. Most of his men had been stripped to their undershirts, holding spades and shovels rather than muskets. What could they have done? What could any of them have done?
Captain Lennox’s gaze swept up and down the rampart; he even went to the wall and peered through the nearest crenellation. Only once he was sure their solitude was absolute did he speak.
Wickham smiled, as one who had been out in the world and knew its ways.
“Here’s the thing. A carriage-load of men arriving in Elbe, that’s news to them at the villa, because they might be customers. But a carriage-load of women arriving, that’s
“Where did this meeting take place?”
“Mercenaries?” It came out with an outraged lift on the last syllable, like – Trooper Musgrave thought, with a belated recovery of his sense of humour – the response of a dowager advised that her granddaughters could hardly do better for their futures than try a little light whoring.
In sheer exasperation she reached again for the brandy-glass. “Whatever possessed you to invite the creature here?”
“Not wrong, precisely, my dear, but you recall what we spoke of at Christmas? This business of the Duke’s – you will understand that the downfall of a man such as that affects the lives of hundreds, tens of hundreds, of other people?”
She stumbled back up the beach to the cluster of gorse bushes where the small group of horsemen were waiting.
It was cold in the inn yard, even though it was yet high summer. Last night had been unpleasant. Elizabeth wished she did not feel ashamed to admit it. She had not ventured into the common parts of the inn; Bessie Walnut would not have permitted it, and when she heard the snatches of rough song and coarse speech drifting up from the common room to her open window she knew why. She had eaten in her room, from a tray brought up by Bessie herself, and had put a chest against the door when she retired to bed. Even so, she had not found sleep easy to come by and had roused up from her bed far earlier than she need. Now she was sitting outside on the mounting block, wrapped in a travelling cloak that swathed her face and made her body shapeless. The few people about at this early hour cast sidelong glances at her, wondering what a young woman was doing travelling on her own to the great city and evidently reaching no creditable conclusions.
Jagged thoughts of betrayal flashed through his mind. They said the new King was a subtle man; the very sort to let his prey think he had escaped, only to find at the last that he had been herded into the trap all along. But if that were the case, what hope had he in resisting?
