It was not on this Sunday, however, that Alfred Linnell, the young man who had been a casualty of the riots, was injured. During the days after the thirteenth, I had hardly had chance to work, for I had accompanied Watson as he ranged the city widely, not only tending to his patients at Bart's, but travelling to those vile kennels where lived the poorest and neediest, and those least likely to receive, or seek, medical attention for their unjustly inflicted wounds. (I had persuaded him for safety's sake not to go alone; that was all I could do.) The unrest had continued all around us: men were insatiable of violence, it seemed.
I knew what he was driving at, but I could not answer. Stamford had married in the February, when we were still tied up with the Lamson case, and we had both snatched the time to attend his wedding. Even to my jaundiced view, his bride was, as Watson put it, ‘a bonny wee slip of a girl.’ With wide, china-blue eyes, and golden curls that owed nothing to chamomile wash or the twisting of night-time rags, she was a very doll: porcelain and fragile in her beauty. To be sure there was a certain tightness to her curved lip, and a firmness to her dimpled chin that presaged a shrewishness of disposition I could see she was currently reining in, but by all standards of our time, she was lovely indeed.
William Johnson Cory, a master at Eton, dismissed in 1872 when a homoerotic letter he wrote to a boy in his care was intercepted by a parent. Tutor of Reginald Brett, Viscount Esher, the Liberal ‘éminence grise’ of the 1880s and 1890s and of Archibald Philip Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery.
Watson raised his eyebrows at the request, but complied. It seemed clear that matters were on a knife edge, and we would have to be careful.
I had been working for some months before I succeeded in perfecting the formula: a few crystals of sodium, not potassium, chloride, and a quantity of glacial acetic acid proving to be the correct combination. Pyridine I had tried, of course, instead of the acetic acid, but it was less reliable, and only the most reliable of tests would do for me. It was important, too, that the test proved the presence of only human, not animal, haemoglobin. As I watched the reaction occur for the fourth time that morning, my mind was suffused by the keenest of pleasures: a pure, a delicate, mental, nay, cerebral, joy. A joy which, I believed, would always surpass in quality the lesser joys of the flesh in just such a measure as the tone of my own violin, its quivering strings eloquent in their passion, would surpass the discordant scrapings of the street fiddlers of London.
‘He will not ask: you heard him, he says he does not need to know. He will be with us anyway, wherever this investigation takes us.’
During Holmes's journey home, on the track of Moran, he passes through Jodhpur on the way to Karachi . . .and has an unexpected rencontre
I was grateful, at this point in our lives, for the cocaine. Now when I pressed the needle into my veins, praying for its blessing, it was a seven-per-cent solution I used. I knew I was not an addict, of course: the substance was not like morphine. But at the beginning of that winter, the three-per-cent Watson wished me to use had appeared to have no power to affect my mind – I thought perhaps the batch itself was weaker, with less of the active ingredient in it – and so I had had to increase it. I was not addicted, for I could give it up if I wanted. And since I could give it up, I knew it was not addiction, but merely that I used it. I would not have liked to do without it all the same - for although it fevered my dreams to an extent, it also chilled my body, and so I was in no danger of allowing my – my desire for John to get the better of me. It was important that he remained in ignorance, after all: I had no desire to find myself in Housman’s situation. The drug was useful in other ways too, bringing a power of discernment, of transcendent clarity of mind which I valued very greatly and which assisted my work - so I was determined to continue it.
The case was a sad one, and the more that came out in the papers the sadder it seemed, for Lamson was a man near our own age, twenty-nine years to my twenty –eight, and Watson’s nearly thirty. He was a man whose life was built on a lie - on more than one lie, it appeared. It came out, as January went on, that he had neither the MD from Paris nor the FRCP from London nor the certificate from Cambridge that he had claimed, although his Scottish qualification was true, and he was entitled to be called doctor. His service in the Russo-Turkish conflict, in Servia and Roumania appeared to be beyond dispute, but whether he had, in fact received the honours to which he laid claim was anyone’s guess. Bankrupt, desperate, caught in a trap of his own making, a soldier corrupted, a doctor addicted – for addicted he undoubtedly was, to morphia - he made me uneasy when I compared him to my own stalwart soldier and doctor. Or to myself.
'Yes, we have a strange little family, do we not? I have often thought so, finding myself a father, though I have never fathered a child. We must protect them as much as we can, and I think that to do so, we must be open with them.' He touched his lips to my brow. 'Oh my dear, it is so good to hold you. Even like this, thus constrained.'
‘An inheritance?’ Lestrade’s suggestion was weak, and he knew it. ‘No, it cannot be - he is not well-connected. I know little about him, of course: I have never needed to.’
‘With Milverton’s stamp all over it.’ Watson put his hands on my shoulders. ‘You work too hard, Holmes.’
‘With the greatest of pleasure,’ I replied, and tried to smile at him. ‘But you will stay here, Watson, while you work? Your room is cold, I am sure.’
'Observe, Watson, and attend closely: this is definitely Porlock’s message: I can hardly doubt that it is his writing, though I have seen it only twice before. The Greek ‘e’ with the peculiar top flourish is distinctive. But if it is Porlock, then it must be something of the very first importance. Come, my dear fellow, put aside your vexation, and forgive me for speaking sharply. It meant nothing, my dear. You know of Porlock, I am sure.'
He stripped me of my trousers, despite my protests that I had no desire to have them ruined, and would have slit my drawers but for my protest. They were new, machine-knit silk of the softest make, and had cost me more than I liked, but they did not chafe or rub, and I valued that comfort.
‘You eat like a bird,’ he scolded me, reaching across the table. ‘Give it to me then if you cannot eat it: it is shame and a sin to let Mrs Hudson’s syllabub go to waste. What are you doing tomorrow, Holmes? Is there anything afoot? We have not been out on a case together this age, or so it seems.’
I could see what Carpenter was doing, of course: he was endeavouring to find out for me whether Watson would be averse to my love – even, perhaps, to my person - but it would not do. I could risk it no longer, but with a word in Watson’s ear about my throbbing head, I set in motion our leave-taking. Carpenter took my hand in both of his and earnestly wished me farewell, begging me to consider our conversation carefully. Watson, he patted on the shoulder. ‘You are a kind man, Dr Watson, the world has not driven it out of you as it has with so many others. Keep that kindness: there are always those in need of it, and sometimes those we least expect.’
‘ – I had not finished: do not catch up my words so quickly. I would, yes. For you, Holmes, indeed I would. For no-one on this earth but you.’
'I cannot sit here and listen to this! Lestrade, I swear to you: yes, the tale is fantastical, when you see it laid out plain - as I did not, no, I did not, embroiled in events as I was -  but it is true, it is all of it true! Holmes - surely you -'
I cursed Mycroft inwardly for mishandling this and leaving me with the aftermath, but I saw how it must have been: he must have had to go through Dolly Williamson, so that his own hand did not appear to any intermediary outside his department, and Williamson must have withstood him until he pushed, so he had needed to be there for the meeting with Lestrade - but if I could not now mollify Lestrade’s wounded pride, then my pitch was queered for good. I had spent years already coaxing him, and Gregson, to work with me, and now I stood to lose all. And rightly too, for I would not be happy if I stood in his shoes. The whole affair felt strange.
I have also, as an Englishwoman bred, struggled with the UK leaving Europe. Grounded as I am in Western classical learning, Europe has always been my cultural and spiritual home, and I find myself now a stranger in a strange country: a country rapidly becoming fascist, authoritarian, alien. My disorientation is profound and gut wrenching, my anger is deep, and growing, and I have only been able to write politically. (Which I do at unravellingtheratsnest.org)  I have struggled with this work for a year, with love, and with increasing despair, but I am determined not to give up. I have more time now, of course, as I don't have Da to care for. So it will be finished, and soon, as I cannot start anything else until this is done.
Ydgrun is an anagram of Grundy, as in "Mrs Grundy" the embodiment of anv extremely conventional or priggish person, a personification of the tyranny of conventional propriety. She originated as an unseen character in Thomas Morton's 1798 play Speed the Plough, and became a byword. Samuel Butler parodied her in his 1872 book, Erewhon, a satire on Victorian society.
‘Yes. I fear I shall make but a dull companion tomorrow. If I cannot have only you, John, and be in your arms, I shall want nothing but silence.’
‘I do not know what to say to you, John. Nothing I say seems enough, nothing. You have borne so much. Lost so much.’
‘Intriguing. So we are going to discover, if we can, who it is wishes you to attend their concert. Perhaps it is the composer, although why he should select us as recipients of his generosity, I have no idea.’
‘No, it is not. But I cannot spend my life wondering what other men think of me, John; I cannot live in a craven anticipation waiting for the blow to fall. What would you have us do? We are innocent of anything that men might call a crime. We are respected, and protected, both by our reputations and by our deeds. If Gregson does not wish to put work my way, why, then I will work without him. Even my brother admitted that he hears of me everywhere now you are become my chronicler: let that be enough to bring in work. We will face Gregson out, and he will regret not asking for my assistance.’
The summer wore wearily on into a September distinguished chiefly by its sudden rises and falls in temperature, and a succession of gales bringing thunder as well as rain with them. Although Watson found the changeable weather trying for his leg, he accompanied me faithfully on our rambles. I gloried in the wind, and liked nothing better than to walk to Primrose Hill where I let the storm buffet me until my ears were ringing with its savage scream.
'And Moran,' Watson limped over from the window, where he had been standing, watching the street. 'He is just as dangerous.'
However, looking round at the paper-strewn surfaces, and the sickly fire dying of inanition in the grate, I could also see that at least some of his temper might be justified, for today, Baker Street was not a welcoming place for a man to come home to. There was a sharp, unpleasant stench in the room as well – the results of my chemical analysis of the paper fibres. Without answering him, I hastened to open a window to clear the mephitic air, and a gust of rain blew in, scattering papers damply all about, and sending a billow of smoke around the room. I wrestled the window closed again, and turned to apologise, but he had stamped up to his room, growling under his breath about ‘damned inconsiderate friends’, his footstep on the stair growing more and more irregular as he went.
We brought the affair to a triumphant conclusion, of course. My attention had initially been drawn to Mr Joseph Harrington by the inappropriate insouciance of his comment "for a moment I thought you had done something clever" upon my identifying him as other than a member of the family: sometimes an overweening self-confidence is the mark of the criminal mind. Besides, his physiognomy impressed me unfavourably from the moment of our meeting and had I been a follower of the inexactitudes of that so-called "science" of phrenology, I would undoubtedly have said that the organs of secretiveness, destructiveness and acquisitiveness were strongly marked. Lombroso, with whose seminal work "Genio et follia' and "L'uomo delinquente" I was well acquainted was quite definite upon the characteristics of the criminal: he too, I believe, and with rather greater truth than the phrenologists, would have assigned Harrison to a criminal type. (I took issue with Lombroso in some respects, however, not for worlds would I have agreed with him that sinistrality was a mark of moral degeneracy, not when my beloved John was left-handed. His belief that genius was an evolutionarily beneficial form of insanity, stemming from the same root as other mental illnesses was one with which I had more sympathy. I was uneasily conscious, in the privacy of my own head, of how very narrow was the dividing line between the two, and how very easy - "facilis descensus Averno" as Virgil has it - it was to descend from the Parnassian heights of the one to the Stygian depths of the other.)
‘You have solved it!’ he cried. He stood still in the street, his face alight. ‘Holmes – you have solved it.’
‘There was evidence against Cornwall, and evidence against Kirwan: clear evidence, that they had, in fact committed sodomy. The same holds true for Fernandez.  Yet Kirwan was never tried for sodomy, Cornwall and Fernandez were acquitted of it, and it has much to do with their standing in society – particularly Kirwan’s for he is of the nobility, albeit of the Irish nobility – and their wealth. Malcolm Johnstone and the other boys will not be tried for sodomy either, because they have turned Queen’s evidence and offered immunity for prosecution, yet  they have committed it. Their names have been blackened, their way of life used to cast doubt on their testimony, and they have been called liars because they are poor and go with men for money.’
I hooked the utensil out from under the bed with my foot, and leaned perilously to pick it up. It was empty, thank god – and I got it to his mouth just in time, holding him, while he heaved and retched, bringing up water and bile. He was sweating when it was over. I wiped his mouth with my handkerchief. ‘John, I must get you home, where you can be cared for; you cannot stay here.’ I reached for the bell. ‘Let me ring for Jack, and he can go and get Billy, send him for Lestrade. He will help.’
Both the concert to which Holmes is given tickets by Moriarty, and the opera, Leila, to which he and Watson go when he returns from France took place on the dates on which Holmes and Watson attend them. Leila is now known as ‘The Pearl Fishers. There are many renditions by famous singers of the Act 1 duet between Nadir and Zurga, but my favourite is this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2MwnHpLV48
‘You will be away at least a week if it is to Edinburgh you go.’ I reached for my Bradshaw. ‘Now, let me see . . . the Flying Scotsman will serve our purpose, I think. The Eastern line to Scotland by way of York is faster than the Western line by Crewe and Carlisle, and we may dine at York, for there is a stop of thirty minutes, when no doubt we shall all be made to tumble out and eat whatever atrocious repast the railway provides.’
Paolo and Francesca were celebrated lovers who met a tragic end. Dante places them in the Second Circle of hell with the Lustful.
Watson clapped him on the shoulder, and maintained that his own army experience had left him glad enough for a chance at a tame life. He smiled then, and swore he was
Sukey was my Grandfather’s Jack Russell Terrier. She was indeed a very pretty little animal and a ferocious ratter.
And since I would not long survive you, John, my death as well. I did not say it: it would have wounded him. But I would have died soon after, if I could not have saved him. Not, perhaps, by my own hand, for he would not have wanted that. It would always be easy enough to spend my life in the course of my work, however, and I would not want to keep it much, without him.
It was certainly clear to Watson that Eccles was an invert when he laid out the story of the now deceased Mr Aloysius Garcia, that pleasantly-mannered young man who had taken such a fancy to our party-loving bachelor. Verily, to the discerning eye, he proclaimed himself openly as an invert as he told how he had met Garcia at the house of a friend – also a bachelor – how he had struck up quite a friendship with him, and within two days of their meeting had invited Garcia to visit him at his house at Lee. The parallels with the Dublin Castle Case – the loose coterie of wealthy bachelors, some older and retired, some middle aged and wealthy, with their attendant young men, hangers on of dubious reputation and little substance, meeting at each others’ houses for discreet dinners and musical parties – those parallels were too obvious to be ignored, if one knew what to look for.
‘He has some fascination with you, I think.’ My mind was working now. This was the third time Moran had tried to inveigle Watson into his orbit. ‘First he approached you at the opera, when you gave him the cut direct. And now, twice, through Professor Moriarty. Is it vengeance he wants, or – something else? For he must know that you would never join him, so opposed in all your ways as you are.’
‘I hope it is not a thrall, my dear Holmes,’ Watson went to the door and took the tea tray from Mrs Hudson, asking her to send Janey up with soup and sandwiches so that we might have a light meal before our later dinner. ‘I do hope it is not a thrall.’
For a moment I sat frozen, the words ‘I am in love with you,’ hovering on my tongue, then, as I felt him begin to move away from me, as if fearing my response, ‘No,’ I said. ‘I do not. I do not care – have never cared – what is proper, or what is, is usual, or what men should or should not do. You are dearer to me than anyone. I – I – like that you are, are, as you put it, ‘exceedingly fond’ of me: I am exceedingly fond of you too. I do not mind, and it does not matter. Here in our sanctum, in our home, we may do as we please.’
The Universal Suffrage bill was eventually passed, widening the franchise, but not to all men, nor to women. Queen Victoria termed women’s rights a ‘wicked folly’, and did in fact badger Gladstone, the Prime Minister, whom she disliked, unmercifully about them.
There was a flash in his eyes then, a sudden, honeyed depth to his voice: every hair upon my body bristled. My eyes dazzled and I felt myself flush hot, fill full, fire running under my skin. 'I - I want you, John. I do.’
He rang the bell before answering me, and gave directions for a bucket of ice and some oiled silk to be brought. ‘If I had let it heal with a broken bone, Holmes, it might have been impeded in its flexion and range of movement for the rest of your life, and in the worst case, you might have been unable to run. The ankle is a queer joint, there are many small bones – as there are in your wrist – and all of them need to be in proper relation to each other for it to function. I shall ice-pack it for you, and if you rest, and elevate the limb it will be much better in the morning. But if it is as bad as you say, then we shall be staying here tonight.’
‘Indeed,’ agreed Carpenter. ‘But it is the, as one might term it, neurasthenia, among members of the middle classes, that is so damaging, brought up as they often are in strong constraints, every common impulse, every natural feeling stifled. The boys are ignored by their parents and sent away at the earliest opportunity to be snipped and forced into the shape of diplomats and soldiers to support their country, the girls, like my poor sisters, are idle in a household where servants do even the lightest housework, wearing away their lives and their affectional capacities with nothing to do and no-one to care for – a little music, a little drawing, a walk up and down the Promenade - but the primal needs of life unspoken and unalloyed. They are suffering from a state of society that has set up gold and gain in the high place of the human heart, and to make more room for these has disavowed and dishonoured love . . . oh, it does not bear thinking about. Their state of life is wholly artificial: for the working classes at least, there is the immediacy of their loves to keep them nearer wholesomeness and more honest expression of affection, because there is less artificiality of social intercourse, of dress, even, and of habit.’
‘Maybe not amusing but intriguing then. I spoke incautiously,’ he amended, passing me the coffee. ‘Lestrade is visiting you this afternoon, Holmes, about that case he mentioned to me.’
TW: Historic child abuse, (described) childbirth, stillborn child. Please always stay safe: message me if you need more detail to make a decision about reading.
‘She brought you a luncheon at noon, but I see you ignored it, as it is still there on the table. When I returned home, she expressed herself as unwilling to enter the room again until your experiment was finished, my dear Holmes, or she would have taken the food away, and you, apparently, none the wiser. Did you inject your cocaine, can you tell me, or did you swallow the solution?’
Well, he has rather more viciousness than I gave him credit for, has Master Joseph. He flew at me with his knife, and I had to grasp him twice, and got a cut over the knuckles, before I had the upper hand of him. He looked murder out of the only eye he could see with when we had finished, but he listened to reason and gave up the papers. Having got them I let my man go, but I wired full particulars to Inspector Forbes this morning. If he is quick enough to catch his bird, well and good. But if, as I shrewdly suspect, he finds the nest empty before he gets there, why, all the better for the government. I fancy that Lord Holdhurst for one, and you, my dear Mr Phelps, for another, would very much rather that the affair never got as far as a police-court.'
'You will not harm me.' His eyes were closed, and he lay loose and trusting in my hands as I oiled them and manipulated the tight muscles. At one point he drew in his breath sharply, and I paused, but he told me to go on. 'It hurts now, yes, but it is a good hurt. A healing hurt.'
‘If I was, I did not know it,’ I told him. ‘I was always a solitary child.’ I did not tell him of Mycroft, or of my parents. ‘Perhaps I did not wish to know it. I used to look at the other fellows from afar, wondering what lack it was in me that made me so apart, but I could never bring myself to join them, and they appeared to accept my isolation. A self-imposed isolation, I see that now. Perhaps they would have been friendly enough, had I been more forthcoming.’
‘Holmes?’ he questioned me, after a while. ‘You will not object so very much to a little celebration will you? I know that your austerity, your reason, preclude, to some extent, enjoyment of the lesser pleasures, but you will keep the season with me, will you not? I promise I shall not overwhelm you with it.’
‘We might go to the Turkish bath, Watson, if you are so inclined? We have not been this age, not for six months, I believe, or nearly. Last year our poverty made it a rare indulgence, and since New Year we seem to have done nothing but work with the Yard. We are both rather more solvent now: would you not like to make it a regular thing?  Their masseurs are exceptionally good, so perhaps with more frequent manipulation we could loosen those muscles that give you so much trouble.’
‘And not Vin Mariani,’ I said to him. ‘I find it palls after a while: one has neither the drug unadulterated, nor a decent wine. A bottle of Beaune, I think tonight, and our gifts to each other to explore.’
I put up my hand to stop him. ‘I have not taken the drug above once a day in the last week, Watson, for God’s sake do not reproach me again. I need it, do you not understand? It placates my body in equal measure as it stimulates my mind. For the moment, I must have it, will-you, nil-you. But you will come with me to Dartmoor, will you not? You will not abandon me?’
We entered the year 1885 quietly, in a welcome lull after the storms of 1884. I was desperately glad to be shot of the wretched Dublin Castle Scandal, which had ended, as Watson had predicted, in the October acquittal of both Cornwall and Kirwan on charges of conspiring to procure men for immoral purposes. Cornwall attempted to have the libel trial heard again, but was set down smartly by a judge, who told him that although he had been found not guilty of sodomy, he had without a doubt been guilty of equally abhorrent practices, and should not, as the vernacular has it, chance his luck. He retired to his wife’s and brother-in law’s estates, there to lick his wounds, and nurse, if rumour were true, a syphilis of some virulence.
‘I have already asked Mrs Hudson to send some up. I cannot sit down unless you cover the chair: blood and velvet do not go together.’
He was hurt, and I was sorry instantly. ‘I shall miss you damnably, you know that. But it will do you no harm to be out of London, and we may do some good into the bargain. Pray, John, oblige me in this, and if I suggest, it, do not demur. Indeed, I cannot leave for a day or two, Sir Henry may well be in grave danger - from the malignity of man, not the supernatural - and there is no-one I can trust as I trust you.’
‘It is only that I have not had my cocaine: I shall take it directly you leave: that will soon pick me up. I lack energy, and I cannot shake off these chills.’
‘Who is the principal? Meiklejohn will not be doing this of his own accord. He is paid or he does nothing.’
‘Then let me swiftly dissuade you from retaining them,’ I uttered, sternly, for Lestrade’s arrival was most inopportune at such a critical moment. ‘I am afraid you have the advantage of me, Sir. Lestrade, my good fellow, who is your reluctant companion, and why do you bring him here at such a season? Dr Watson and I have barely lunched: this must surely be a matter of terrible urgency?’
'Mrs Barclay is very pale indeed, Mr Holmes: she looks barely fit to be out of her bed. I shall show her up directly.'
‘Good,’ he said, briskly, setting sentiment aside, and went to wash, and then to speak to Mrs Hudson. I tidied, meticulously for once, poked up the sluggish fire, cleaned and filled his pipe and my own, and set his slippers to warm. When he returned, he was bearing a tray of fine roast beef sandwiches, prepared as only our Mrs Hudson could, and a plate of her Dundee cake and Wensleydale cheese, so I hastened to pour us two glasses of my most expensive burgundy. He took in my preparations with an appreciative glance, and bade me put on my dressing gown before going upstairs to achieve his own dishabille. Thus comfortable, we drew our chairs to the fire, and sat over our simple meal, sipping our wine and then smoking a pipe together while I told him the story of my investigation.
‘Oh my dear, my dear. I am so sorry. Would that we had never bought the damn stuff. But it was so well recommended. I had such trust, such faith.’
‘Indeed you must not, my dear Holmes: let us not go down that road again. Has Lestrade no case for you?’
Watson, however, was amused. I did not even need to open my mouth and concoct some lie before he had raised an eyebrow, and remarked, ‘Your highly-placed acquaintance is clearly pleased with your work, my dear Holmes. Tell me, could there be more of it after we have finished this? I could become accustomed to living in such style,’ while raising his glass in a silent toast. Now, as we waited for Johnson, he animadverted again to the gift, saying that he could estimate the situation’s gravity by the generosity of our donor.
‘Patience, Holmes,’ he sighed, and vanished into what I took to be the kitchen. I lay, waiting for my breakfast, and contemplated my mood. Usually, after one of these periods of catatonia, I would waken in pain, my head throbbing, nauseous and aching as the morphia I had taken to medicate the dreadful emptiness ebbed from my brain and body, leaving me spent and weary. My mind would retain a vague recollection of bespelled dreams, of purple tinged landscapes, oddly angular, or of lofty vaulted halls stretching into a blue distance that elongated itself into infinity as I endeavoured to approach its end. Endless incarnadine seas lapped on grey shores lit by a light that was neither sun nor moon, and always, wherever I walked, there was the sense that some unseen shadow dogged my footsteps. I shivered, and became aware that Watson was standing in the doorway watching me, his eyes anxious. I smiled at him, and his face instantly cleared – and I wondered that such a man as I so faulty, so bedevilled by my wretched mind, could inspire affection in one so stalwart and straightforward.
John is still not himself.  He goes on cases, he cooks dinner, he laughs at bad telly and teases Sherlock about being dramatic.  But he’s still not himself.
Now there is nothing but anticipation.  Now they know each other's truths and want nothing but to know it
“We left the window open all night,” John says, and walks over and releases the bee out into the thrumming London below.
,” Moriarty sings, then giggles a bit.  “He likes you.  More than anyone else.  And I know you like him too.  He reminds you of Ellis, doesn’t he?  Just a bit.  The hair, I think.”
"Hey, I'd let you in, but, well," John said, gesturing towards his door. Sherlock smiled and nodded, clearly not wanting to have to interact heavily with the lunatic that was John's flatmate. "Thank you for coming again."
i'm so sorry this is so??? not great??? i didn't rly want to write this chapter, mainly because it's just following the episode. but!! the next chapter will be not garbage and more of my own take which will be fun. ok also, i told myself this has to be finished by the end of july. because if it takes me more than a year to write this like.......that is just....so bad lmao.
“Listen to me,” Sherlock says.  “She worked for Moriarty, and we’re going to take her out.  And save your child.”
“Well, Mary, if you’ll have me, if you could see your way…” John trails off and then is completely interrupted.
John catches the smirk that crosses Sherlock’s face as he walks away.  He feels himself blush.  He feels like he’s sixteen and he can’t even be upset about it.  Instead he revels in it.  He wonders how obvious he is.  He wonders if he cares at all.
The next few days at the bookshop seemed to drag by. John grew quickly frustrated by customers. He even had a few that seemed to not have read the sign out above the shop that read “Mystery Book Shop.”
“You can’t make me,” Sherlock says, defying the trained war veteran with a sneer and a voice so childish it is nearly impossible to believe it’s coming from a thirty-three year old man.
John can feel himself being displayed, laid out completely and it is intensely uncomfortable, more so than getting shot.  He wants nothing more than for Jim Moriarty to shut up, please, God, so that he can let Sherlock know, but on his own.  Done the right way.  He so wants to do things the right way, this time, for him.
Sherlock almost felt as though he’d pried his way back into John’s life.  Clawed at it until he had shoved his way inside of it.  But then he would recall the way John’s limbs had come towering over him, how John’s mouth had pressed itself against his first.  How Sherlock, the innocent, had shoved his hands back down to his sides to just give John a chance to decide if he really wanted to make love to a junkie.
John goes anyway, and is glad he does because although he can sense his Commander’s embarrassment, he also knows he needs a friend.
When the food finally arrives John turns on crap telly, takeout box on his lap.  Sherlock sits down next to him with his order, probably eating mostly to humor John.  John can also tell that Sherlock has gone off to his room to have a sneaky cigarette.  He’s tried to cover the smell with toothpaste and soap but John can always detect it.
“Why would you ask me that?” John whispers. He can’t quite get his voice to rise to a normal volume. His fists clench.
John would be upset, maybe even should be, but he also knows that he would have ended up back here at some point, and he also knows he needed to be pulled away from himself.
No more men, too much trouble.  And he liked women just as much.  Through with men, the lot of them.  Including himself.
John smiles down at him.  He looks so small, and young.  Here, Sherlock is his own.  John dares to run his hand over Sherlock’s hair just once, then goes back upstairs, forgetting what he’d gone down for in the first place.
“That would also mean I wasted so much time,” Sherlock says.  And it’s quiet, not the comfortable quiet of the evening before but something important and life altering hangs in the silence now, and John knows, if he doesn’t say the right thing, he’ll ruin it.
John thinks of all the times that Sherlock played him lullabies when he was having nightmares. It seems like nothing.
Sherlock is unconscious when John finally gets to see him.  He’s pale and though John tries to keep himself composed it doesn’t work well.  He swallows down and seats himself next to Sherlock.
John bucked and then moaned, and Sherlock wore himself out.  Sweat matted Sherlock’s curls to his face.  John brought a hand up to touch Sherlock’s lips.
“Ideally. I would have the courage to stand up and sit next to you. Since that is the sort of thing one can do in dreams. And then I would, kiss the boy, I suppose.”
“I want you to stop whatever it is you’re doing here and come back to Baker Street.  Please,” Sherlock replies, his eyes begging.
Sherlock knew he hadn’t felt this high in years.  He wondered what John would think, if he told him about his days in his small apartment, on the cold tile, sweating out drugs he didn’t think he’d ever be able to fully quit.
“Don’t look at the USB,” Sherlock replied, raising his own glass to his lips.  It wasn’t what he wanted to say, or even what needed to be said.  It just seemed the correct thing to say to John.  If Sherlock had his way, he would watch the USB with John on a screen as tall as Big Ben, just to be one hundred percent sure that John would never love Mary again.  However, Sherlock also thought about the look on John’s face that would most likely surface after a viewing of the USB and it didn’t seem worth all that trouble.
“Of course!” Molly said. Everyone followed suit, nodding and saying how John was completely correct.
“You could never be a consolation prize.  You aren’t something I deserve in the slightest.  None of what happened with Mary and the baby is your fault.  The things you have done for me…Sherlock, I love you so much.  I don’t know how to make you believe me.  But it’s true, whether you believe it or not.”
“I’m deciding the route. I’m the damned head detective at the Yard. I know which streets are which. James Bond never had to put up with this shit,” Greg said as he made a right turn.
tw: mentions of suicide.  it is not attempted by any means but is mentioned. so are anti depression/anxiety medications.
As soon as he spoke, Sherlock walked over and kissed John. This time, John did not numbly keep his hands on his hips. This time, he ran his hands through Sherlock’s hair, and then let one of his thumbs stray across Sherlock’s left cheekbone. All of John’s breath left his body at the same moment that his body felt as though it were on fire.
As John bends around Sherlock to continue wrapping he sees, and he understands why Sherlock had been wary.  He pulls back and looks Sherlock in the eye.
John nods in agreement. He looks at the microscope on the counter and can almost see Sherlock standing over it, inspecting something. Making an offhand snide comment. Being handsome with the afternoon light floating in through the window. John sighs into his hand and shakes his head. The utter tosser. Making John fall in love with him and then pretending to be dead for three months.
“And what do you know about relationships? You’ve not been in a real one in ages. And I’ve seen you run away from your feelings for the last two years with that flat mate of yours.” She raises her eyebrows and smirks. John feels his face go hot.
“You’re losing focus,” Mycroft says over the phone.  His voice almost sounds concerned which makes it worse.
“I can’t think of anything to say,” John says.  He can think of many things to say but none of them seem correct.  How do you tell the love of your life that you are sick of their narrow escapes of death and you wish they would just sit next you for a while?
“It isn’t because of lack of willing parties,” Sherlock says, feeling the need to defend himself.  “It’s just that, most people are fairly boring.”  He rinses his mouth and places his toothbrush back in its holder.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything to this.  He blinks entirely too rapidly instead.  He doesn’t even seem to be looking at John anymore.  More likely he’s inside his own head.  He stays this way for over a minute.
“John, John, John,” Sherlock repeats, voice barely a whisper, nearly unheard over the sounds of traffic coming from the road.
He finally is able to get his depression under control and be a person at 26.  He decides after months of being in a high blur, being homeless, being nothing, that he has had enough of cocaine.  Enough going out and doing whatever he can not to feel anything.  But being sober is boring when there’s nothing to distract him.  He falls off the wagon four more times before meeting John. It’s only by luck that John meets him when he’s sober a full year, that he can pretend to be a person who isn’t so terrible after all.  And that is the funniest thing.  John makes him want to be so much better than he is.  Less cigarettes, less manic episodes, someone who doesn’t have a quiet breakdown about not doing enough in a day, about misplacing specific beakers, about not getting a shower in. or having a shower, or about someone looking so familiar and not being able to place them.  It’s torture.  Someone who doesn’t want something to take the edge off at the end of the day and God does he know John would understand it better than anyone.  But he wants that part over and done with and tidied away.  That’s why it’s so heartbreaking every time he even thinks of using.  Once you’re an addict you’re always an addict, you don’t ever get to stop being one.
“Okay,” he says, composing himself. He’s simply so in love, there’s nothing else to be said about the matter.
How then, can I trust my memory concerning that particular Sunday afternoon?...Beneath the face of anyone you ever loved for true--anyone you love, you will always love, love is not at the mercy of time and it does not recognize death, they are strangers to each other--beneath the face of the beloved, however ancient, ruined, and scarred, is the face of the baby your love once was, and will always be, for you. Love serves, then, if memory doesn't, and passion, apart from its tense relation to agony, labors beneath the shadow of death. Passion is terrifying, it can rock you, change you, bring your head under, as when a wind rises from the bottom of the sea, and you're out there in the craft of your mortality, alone.”
It continues in Nigeria.  The heat is unbearable and Sherlock sticks out like a sore thumb.  He has tracked down a money launderer and as he cuts off the other man’s airways it suddenly seems too intimate.  The man chokes and falls to the ground.  Sherlock decides knocking him out with a nearby brick is easier and he does so.
“I should be getting to bed,” John says, though it isn’t very late.  Sherlock doesn’t mention it, only nods and watches John walk away up the stairs.
“Just about to check.” John rolled up his sleeves and then began to do the math. He scrunched up his nose as he looked at the numbers. “We’re down this month,” he said, frowning at the calculations.
It’s a bit too cold outside to go out without a coat but he doesn’t think about it.  He pulls out a cigarette and lights it.  He knows he shouldn’t be stressed out about anything right now.  He should be happy.  He should be watching John sleep, watching his chest move up and down.  He should be watching John being beautiful but instead he can’t seem to calm himself down.
“Hi,” John says as he turns to face Sherlock.  Today he’s wearing the oatmeal colored sweater.  Sherlock hates it and loves it at the same time.  It doesn’t frame John’s figure well but it has always looked like it was warm, secure, undeniably a thing to curl up against and feel comfort emanate from one’s self.
He goes back to London once, only for a day.  He does not let himself go to Baker Street.  He does what he has to do to come back from the dead.
“Right. Do you want anything before you go? Do you want a Coke? Or water? Tea? No, probably not tea.”
Phillip rounded the corner, and he was clothed only in his pants. John shut his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose.
What had there been to be afraid of?  Sherlock on the tube, listening to the sound of the train rattle and rush past underneath London.  The train is almost completely empty except for the couple on his left, in the corner.  The man has his hand on the woman’s thigh, rubbing his thumb absent mindedly.  She looks up at him from under her blond hair and smiles.  He smiles back and they look so content Sherlock has to turn away.  He gets off a stop early just so he doesn’t have to look at them, into the early morning light of London.
Unimagined, and in his own universe, John watches Sherlock get onto the plane, his hands behind his back, his lips pursed in contemplation.  Saying anything would not have been worth the pain, but it still is amazing how much of a coward John has been, even after all these years.
Mary knew all this too, as she missed nothing.  Mary was far too brilliant. They had ended up arguing more and more because of this boredom.
“I don’t know.  I’m so tired.  I missed you for a long time.  Sometimes I think it isn’t over and I miss you still.  I miss you right now,” Sherlock says, barely audible.
John has put his hands on Sherlock many times tonight, and he does it once more.  Never in a million years would he have dreamt that this would be how he put his hands on Sherlock if he defied God and rose from the dead.
John and Sherlock got married on a Saturday afternoon in September. Sherlock had always wanted a fall wedding. He was not partial to the heat, and refused to get married on a beach somewhere. After all, they could have spent their entire lives on a beach had they wanted to.
John tried to leave, feeling sort of raw and defeated. He knew it wasn’t a rejection like a usual one. The schedule of a famous detective was not really something he could control, and it wasn’t as though Sherlock didn’t
“You aren’t exactly trying to get better,” Pretend Sherlock says.  “Look at you.  You’re a drunk!” Sherlock yells.
“I know dear, I miss him too.” She takes one of John’s hands across the table, and he considers for a moment telling her.
Sherlock manages to roll his eyes but John gives him a stern look and if Sherlock is being honest with himself he does love when John sternly tells him to do something.  It’s been two weeks and he’s discovered that he’d probably sit still for days if John gave him a certain look.
John arrives back at Mary’s flat around four thirty in the morning.  She sits up in their bed, pushes her hair out of her face.  John sits on the bed, puts a hand to her cheek.
If John doesn’t know now he never will, because Sherlock most likely will never get the chance to tell him.
The very beginning of the palace, the first cement bricks laid, are John’s hands.  They hold Sherlock’s mind in a gentle caress, carrying all it has to offer.  Sherlock knows how fragile this has made him, to place his brain in someone else’s hands has been damaging at times, but John’s hands have seemed the safest place for it.  His hands are sturdy, and steady when in danger, warm, and secure.  Sherlock’s mind will never be dropped, or held too hard to the point of being crushed.  Sherlock doesn’t even mind the irresponsibility of this decision.  In fact, he revels in the thrill of it.
John tries to begin.  He messes up just a little.  Throwing words around.  He’s never been good at this, but Mary knows exactly what is happening and is giggling the entire time.
“Just give me right now.  Knowing I said it,” Sherlock says.  His eyelids flutter again.  It’s painful to watch and do nothing.
“You expect me to tell everyone in London all my business? I simply can’t, I had already put you at risk. My job isn’t exactly danger free. I don’t want everyone knowing about you John.”
It was a stupid case anyway.  It was all very silly given the fact that the suspect had already been identified and it was easy to find him at the drug den, but he wasn’t so easily caught.  The man was thin and small but very fast.  He was of course caught in the end, but not before he kicked John in the ribs and broke Sherlock’s nose with one forceful punch.  John ended up circling on him and punching him so hard he went down, but still,
And Sherlock, who had spent months listening to the beats of absence, willing John to be with him again somehow while still telling himself that John deserved to be happy, had breathed “Yes” into the phone without a second thought.
“At Bart’s, yeah,” Molly replies, and it’s as if she must know because her face turns, something almost akin to pity marking it.
It’s been a year.  A year without John.  A year patching up his own wounds.  A year talking to himself.  A year knowing he’s desperately in love with someone who will not love him back.  Maybe John had thought of it, but whatever could have been had ended when Sherlock died.
It’s mostly trash and bills, but he sees the postcard sticking out between two envelopes. It’s a painting of a little girl looking nervous. Her hands are covered with her two large jacket sleeves and both hands are held up to her face. Her hair is falling over her face. There’s a black and white town behind her. A painting of a painting. John turns the postcard over and reads:
“Oh, I have a system. I number cases, one through ten. One being very boring, ten being criminal mastermind.”
John is sitting in his chair, drinking tea, reading a novel.  It is quiet like it has not been in weeks, and it’s lovely.  Sherlock is actually asleep in his bedroom.  John had peaked in around nine in the morning and had watched the even breathing of his flat mate and smiled to himself, then closed the door and put the kettle on.
It’s Sherlock, wearing an old hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants.  He needs to shave, and there’s dirt smeared across his face.
“Good, good! And how is the new flat?  Seems like an excellent location for you, you’re always out and about in London.”
He’s shocked he never said it out loud on accident.  There had been so many options.  So many times.  It could have just fallen out.  He supposes it was just luck it didn’t happen, good or bad, he’s unsure.  Imagine it falling out and John just saying it back, just saying it automatically like it was nothing.  Or, not saying anything at all.  The terror that would incite.  But Sherlock had gotten too good at his craft.  At lying.
“All I can think of is the Ritz, it’s where he last stayed.” John sat between Harriett and Mrs. Hudson, while Greg and Molly were in the front and Phillip was pushed to the storage area of the car. Everyone argued about the route until finally Greg lost his cool.
“How in the world did you--” Stamford begins, but the elevator is already opening and Sherlock walks out without looking back.
John pours him a glass of scotch after.  The flat is dimly lit, only the desk lamp on and the bathroom light still left on.
“Why would you let me use you?  That doesn’t make much sense now does it?”  John stepped closer to Sherlock, licked his lips, his arms folded behind his back.
Mrs. Hudson makes the suggestion of donating some of Sherlock’s things. The lab equipment for starters. It’s only unfortunate that John can’t think up a suitable excuse.
“No? Okay,” John said, suddenly desperate to keep Sherlock around. “What about something to eat? I have…this danish. Or, or fruit?”
John had never seen his mother’s face quite like this. He picked up his work and went down the hall to his bedroom, closing the door behind him. Somehow, he knew to close the door.
Moran coughs hard, spitting onto the floor.  He pulls his gun out of his jeans.  Moran points the pistol directly at Sherlock’s head.
John leans forward, just a tad too far, and lets his hand rest on Sherlock’s knee.  He lets it rest there.
He does the only thing he knows how to do, the only thing that even remotely has a chance of saving him: he enters his mind palace and searches for John.
John swallowed hard, a lump forming in his throat. Could that be true? John thought back to his time with Sherlock. He remembered how Sherlock had touched him so softly, how he had kissed him like he would never be kissed again. John thought: yes, it could be true.
The third floor is just John.  This room, Sherlock does not enter often (because it hurts to).  He does have to sometimes though.  When he needs to be calmed, he goes there.  Mary blocked it off once, but just the once.
John sighed, and made his way towards the back door. He closed the door, eyed his favourite tree and walked towards it with purpose. He put a small hand onto the bark, and then jumped up to grab a hold of a branch. He had scaled this tree many times, mostly alone. Harry staying indoors was nothing new or unpleasantbothersome[K3] . John liked to be alone anyway.
Janine has been knocked out, and it’s definitely not from fainting.  John collects her vitals and then hears a shot come from the closed door.
Sherlock looked down at his shoes for the briefest of moments. He almost seemed embarrassed by the compliment, which only made John blush harder. John gestured towards the door and Sherlock followed.
“No, no, really it’s actually quite sensible,” Harry said, nodding at Phillip. Phillip was shaking his head.
“Yeah. Yeah, course. Absolutely fine.” God, it had been more than fine. John began to speak again but Mycroft came through the door once more. “So, the case,” John said.  “James Moriarty. Do you think the trial will go well?”
“What happens next in the dream?” Sherlock was completely composed, his eyes impossibly bright and beautiful, his hair messy and perfect with the infiltrating sunlight.
“Yes, even more so after everything.  None of that was your fault you know,” John replies.  He’s gone soft completely, his lips parted slightly.
“Okay,” Sherlock repeats.  Then, slowly, Sherlock takes a hand and places it over both of John’s, folded together on the table.  It’s a gentle touch, but it’s warm and steady.
John cleared his throat as he approached the thief. He crossed his arms and leaned against the doorway.
John let out a laugh, wishing that Sherlock were any other person. If he were anyone else, he could simply ask him on a date. But that wasn’t the case. If he asked the great Sherlock Holmes on a date it would appear as though John wanted to date him
“Sherlock please, say something,” John begs.  It’d be much better to be told ‘no’ than to listen to the nothingness.  It’s eerily quiet in the flat, and John can only hear the sound of his own breathing.
Sherlock has tried to call him incessantly for the past three days.  John won’t pick up.  John is so afraid to hear his voice.  It will sound achingly beautiful and achingly sad and John won’t know what to say.  John would tell Sherlock to leave him alone if he thought he could muster it or be even a bit convincing.
“It was harder than I thought.” Sherlock’s voice is hardly above a whisper. John has never seen him so…timid.
Sherlock leaned down and breathed in my ear. "If you can solve this knot, I'm all yours, John Watson."
Brother Elijah returned soon after with the key and opened a door at the end of the corridor. Behind it was a large, bright room with two sick beds separated by a curtain. The whole wall the door sat in was taken up by cupboards with milk glass doors. The materials contained in them was not what I was accustomed to from my professional life but it was enough for the emergency first aid.
“Just ... stop. Stop the bullshit.” John pinched the bridge of his nose with a groan. “I’m fucking tired, Sherlock. Tired of waiting for you to come home.”
I went in search of a café and got ready for a nice cup of tea when I passed the colorful stalls of a market - the Marylebone Farmers' Market, of which the strange guy in Montague Street had mentioned. Again and again I had wondered what he had been trying to tell me, but each time I came to the conclusion that his comment was probably nothing more than the ramblings of a junkie. Maybe he only knew Sherlock because he was part of his inglorious drug-using past and had enjoyed making me wonder. I was still reluctant to follow his advice and look around the market, but my stomach gave a loud growl. Now, a little stroll through the market could not hurt. I would grab a bite to eat, maybe buy some fresh vegetables, and then head home.
"Of course I do, I owe him my life! If he had not found me back then, I would be dead. If not on the drugs, then by disease. "
John raised an eyebrow and gave him a rakish expression. “Was it that good? Did I fuck the thoughts right out of your head?”
As usual, the brothers entered the church in twos and celebrated Holy Mass. The Prior preached on the meaning of the vows that Jonah would soon take and placed them in the context of the Gospels and the life of Christ. Finally it was time: Jonah was called to the front by the Prior. He  knelt before him and raised his folded hands to those of the Superior. Father Christopher stepped in and handed Jonah  a paper from which he read his vow. When he had finished, the prior helped him up and handed him a pen with which he signed the document. The Prior then congratulated him, both smiling wide.
It did not sound like a reproach, yet I had the feeling that I had to justify myself, yet the words evaded me.
John scowled and flexed his left hand before he replied. “When we walk down a street, people recognize you. They whisper to each other - there goes Sherlock Holmes, the detective. They know you because they know what you
He went on his way while I decided to follow his advice and ring the bell next door. A middle-aged man with a completely forgettable face opened the door and looked at me suspiciously.
At first I wanted to avoid it. Place a gruff reply. Something like 'If I knew what my problem is, I would not be here'. But I changed my mind. Did I really ever think consciously about why I felt
Brother Jonah took me to the part of the monastery church reserved for guests and then bid me farewell to go and sit with his brothers in the choir, which was separated from the public part of the church by an ornately carved wooden lattice. Fascinated, I gazed over the crowd of friars all dressed in black who were sitting in file as we sang the opening song. It somehow reminded me of my military training - everyone knew his place and did his duty for the community; like some kind of confraternity that seemed impressive and admirably to outsiders, although they didn’t know anything about this exclusive little club. Well, at least that was the impression I got, when I looked at the monks singing in unison.
John’s shoulders relaxed when he realized that something good had come from his mourning of Sherlock’s death. He’d had countless hours to reflect on just what he felt for his amazing flatmate. And every time, he’d concluded that he loved him.
. On the first step, he turned to Sherlock, who still stood on the landing; they shared the rare experience of being of a height. John grabbed the lapels of Sherlock’s Belstaff and drew him close. With a growl, he crushed their lips together, kissing roughly, shoving his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth without finesse, only satisfying the urge to claim and plunder and mark. John felt Sherlock lean into the passionate assault, yielding and grasping John’s waist.
"Jonah, I didn’t have the slightest idea that today is your birthday! Believe me, if I had known that, I would have given you a present, but I didn’t know ... and I did not give you any chocolates, I'm sorry. I wish you all the best, but ... "
What could have stopped me now? It was not easy to solve the knot that seemed too complicated for a layman - especially since Sherlock was watching with a sly grin the whole time but made no move to help me even a tiny bit.
But now he was sitting diagonally opposite to me, only a few seats away, stirring his tea thoughtfully; the sugar he had poured into the mug five minutes ago had long been dissolved and dispersed in the liquid. As if he had noticed my stare, he suddenly looked up at me. The corners of his mouth lifted up a tiny bit, but his expression was miles away from his otherwise familiar laughter. As if to show that he was doing well, he drank a large sip and pulled the bread basket over to take something to eat. But as hard as he tried to act normal, his movements betrayed him.
Without waiting for my reaction, he rushed away and left me with more questions than answers. But I already got used to that ...
Prior Lambert asked me to come to his office for a final conversation. He asked me about my experiences in the last few weeks and renewed his invitation to return for a week or two over Christmas or Easter, when everything was a little more solemn in the face of the two high festivals and, hopefully, more peaceful. After he’d repeated his invitation, he shook my hand in farewell and dismissed me. Many of the brothers had gathered in the entrance area of the monastery to say goodbye as well. It was only then that I realized how many different people I had come to know and appreciate during the weeks I spent here: Brother Elijah, who had assured me he wanted to keep an eye on Sherlock's bees; Brother Christopher, who thanked once again.
I initially experienced the silence at the table as something extremely unusual because it eliminated the possibility of asking the person sitting next to me for the butter or the sliced bread. Very soon I realized, however, that such requests were not necessary - the brothers who were accustomed to not communicating during the meal with words, interacted with looks and gestures. Passing the food was done more carefully than was usually the case outside the walls of the monastery and no one had to worry about being left behind. Still smiling, I sat back and enjoyed the spicy aroma of herbal tea, which was provided in large thermoses on the tables. Life could be so beautiful, once you consciously broke away from the things that otherwise seemed to be self-evident …
Sherlock shivered at the note of sincerity in the older man’s voice. He had no doubt that this Frank had cut off his share of bollocks in his time. “I found your cameras, calculated the angle of their coverage, then found a weak spot in the fence between coverage boundaries.” It dawned on Sherlock that he could parlay this knowledge for his own safety. He leaned forward, trying to show just enough eagerness to gain Frank’s trust, but not enough to seem too overeager. “If you let me go, I can show you where and how to fix it.” He smiled, just a lift of the corners of his mouth.
The first day back in my 'old' life was strange, but not as bad as I had feared. My colleagues asked me curious questions about my time in the monastery that I answered as neutrally as possible. I didn’t share that I’d  fallen in love with an alleged monk who actually returned my feelings. Otherwise, not much had changed, except maybe that I - the rhythm of the friars’ days still in the blood - volunteered for the otherwise generally unpopular night shifts. My surroundings were the same as before my time off but I felt that I had become a different person.
The squeak of door hinges woke Sherlock early the next morning. He scrambled to a sitting position and found himself face to face with a man in Carharts with a hardhat wedged under one arm. Counting on the element of surprise, Sherlock surged forward. Instead of knocking the man over as he’d planned, he found himself swung around by his elbow and held firmly against the driver’s chest. “Frank!” his captor yelled. “Hey Frank!”
Here's an example of the bee smoker whistle mentioned, that goes in the beekeeper's mouth like a pipe:
My cell phone never left my hand after my return to London; even at work I carried it with me constantly and switched it off only if I had no choice. But as much as I hoped, as much as I tried to will the device to ring - nothing. Week after week passed and I waited in vain for a call. I told myself it was the injury to his vocal cords so he couldn’t talk and that his hands were not coordinated enough enough yet to send me a text message. I told myself that he was focused on his rehab, that was all. Every now and then I was tempted to call the convent and ask Jonah if he had heard anything about Sherlock, but the knowledge that outside contact was not really wanted held me back. Jonah himself might not be so bothered if I called but the Prior would certainly not like a former guest constantly seeking contact with one of the monks. If one wanted to be in regular contact with the outside world, then one did seek a life in the monastery: I had to accept that, for better or worse.
"No. You don’t know him. He can be a very good actor when he wants to, but no one could lead a life like ours with such sincerity if he did not wholeheartedly embrace it. "
A headache settled in at John’s temples, a dull thump of anger and hurt and confusion. Sherlock and Mycroft had made plans without consulting him. At least Sherlock had explained the plan before he jumped and had thought he was keeping in touch and keeping John updated on his plans.
"That'll be a bit too much for me ..." he whispered, causing the curly headed monk to rise and move towards him. He gently grabbed Jonah by the arm and led him over to the bed. Jonah sat in the middle with William on his left, myself on his right. The dark-haired monk stroked his back comfortingly, while I held a hand on his forearm. He needed just a little closeness and security, it was clear to me, though I only knew him very recently.
His hands shake as they fist the bedding, his fingers scratching at the cloth feels strange.  He’s half hyperventilating half screaming into his pillow.  He doesn’t want Mrs. Hudson to hear.
Then suddenly, John is laughing.  The lines at his eyes crinkle and he bursts into a laughter so big and so genuine that it startles Sherlock.
John set the laptop aside and wandered into the kitchen. He rummaged through the cabinets until he found coffee and a coffee maker. He set it up on the counter and started a pot. He leaned against the counter and rubbed a hand over his eyes, dragging it down over his mouth. He felt the scratch of stubble under his fingers and realized he’d been reading, locked away in this house, for more than 24 hours.
While he was sitting in his chair, his mind was far, far away. Sherlock could tell from the way the creases in John’s forehead deepened and the way his bad shoulder sloped that John wasn’t lost in a good memory. No, not good at all; the way John’s left thumb rhythmically stroked his right palm told Sherlock the memory was indeed dark. He moved to crouch in front of John’s chair, looking up into his closed-off face.
“I just want what’s best for you. For us,” John murmured as he brushed his hands up and down Sherlock’s back. “You know I think you're brilliant. I just want everyone to have the chance to see it, too. So people need to recognize you when you go out.”
A shiver ran through John’s body and he slid his hand down to Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock reached up and gently directed John’s hand to his hip then licked further into John’s mouth.
Our eyes met, but I could not read what he was thinking in his blue-gray eyes, as I usually did with my patients. Fractions of a second later, he took up his work again and dropped the plate he had just washed off with an obviously intentionally loud clatter in the dish drainer. Jonah, who had watched the whole thing, just shook his head and left the room to wipe the tables. Now I was alone with him.
"Well ...", he replied hesitantly, "If you had not been there, he probably would not have woken up ..."
Shocked, Sherlock's eyes widened further. He tried to grab my hand, missed, and began to sign. "What's wrong? Did I do something wrong?"
"Shhhh, be quiet, or do you want them to hear you?" - A deep voice, emphasizing softly yet urgently.
Day by day, normality returned, and it almost felt as if the attack on Sherlock had never happened, as if the silent, tall monk had never lived here. On the one hand, it was strange. On the other hand, I felt that the rest was good for me. Of course, his presence had helped me but in a different way. I now enjoyed the silence and solitude, content in the knowledge that Sherlock was cared for and our temporary separation served his recovery.
Again, I sat in my room expecting the nightly visit of a man who should have been any other place but here at this time of night. The bell had just struck nine o'clock when a soft knock sounded at the door and it immediately opened. A tuft of blond hair was visible in the crack of the door.
John gasped in surprise at the gauze bandages crisscrossing Sherlock's back, held in place with white medical tape. There were so many, it was hard to find a square inch of skin among them. Sherlock continued, “Mycroft’s been sending a nurse round every evening, but I have a feeling he cancelled that service.” He grinned over his shoulder at John, “Now that I have my own personal physician again.”
So he does. Sherlock stops trying to suppress his expressions of happiness. He notices that the more he lets go and shows his joy, the younger John looks. The deep lines that grief, sorrow and stress had carved in John’s face start to relax. Shadows that seemed a permanent fixture in the dark depths of John’s eyes ease. And John smiles more, too
Then it was finally done. Brother William lifted the vessel from the ground and placed it on a sideboard to his right, where a filter, a thin cloth, and several jugs stood ready. Again, he showed me what I had to do by  hand gestures, and we sifted the coarser, wax-like residues from the pale yellow liquid, before it was again filtered through the cloth.
The kindness and empathy that he showed almost shamed me. They showed me how imperfect I was in comparison to him. I looked around the room, glad about every distraction that might be offered to me. Only then did I notice the little bouquet of flowers that stood on Jonah's bedside table - simple garden flowers of different colors, lovingly arranged in a simple, light-blue ceramic vase. When he noticed my look, he smiled.
Mary also sipped. She set her mug back on the table and laid the gun beside it. “Okay, now that that’s all settled.” She giggled. Her eyes twinkled mischievously and John felt bile rise at the back of his throat. She continued, “We can put it behind us. I knew from the start you had
"What is it?" Sherlock suddenly asked me, startled, as if he feared that he had deeply offended me with his statement - which was not far from the truth. We absolutely had to talk about it before my bitterness took root.
he to me? I looked closely at him. Had he always been so dreadfully pale? Had the circles under his eyes always been so dark? The hair so disheveled, his eyeballs so crisscrossed with red veins?
"JUST GO AND CALL AN AMBULANCE! Describe the symptoms to them and say that everything indicates poisoning, then they can come prepared. "
Mrs. Hudson opened a door in the wall opposite the bed and Sherlock saw a private bathroom. “You’ll want a shower. There are clothes in the dresser that should fit you. Leave Frank’s things in the bathroom, I’ll get them when you’re done.” With a final frightened glance around, Mrs. Hudson retreated down the hall.
Easier said than done after all that came about between me and this man, who appeared even more mysterious to me with each of his gestures and looks, a few minutes ago. I did not understand why he behaved the way he did. I would have interpreted what had just happened as mutual attraction, but he was still a monk. I simply did not think he would seduce me, although his behavior seemed quite distinct. Even if the other friars praised his spiritual integrity so much, one did not behave that way among adults if one did not pursue clear intentions. Especially not among adult men.
The other monk handed a simple white envelope to him with a typewritten 'Brother Jonah' as the addressee; the
A hollow terror took over Mrs. Hudson’s kind eyes as her hands flew to her heart, clasping tightly in front of her chest. “Oh! Young man, you don’t
Had John even thought of such things, that glorious year they’d had together before Sherlock jumped? At the time, probably not. He’d been too busy fucking roughly and being fucked hard in return. But after Sherlock’s suicide John had spent countless hours thinking of things exactly like Sherlock described. He’d composed countless love letters to Sherlock in his mind. Letters full of things he’d never said but wished he’d had. And now? Now he had the chance to say those things. Now he could tell Sherlock everything he’d regretted not saying before.
After my visit to Brother Jonah, I needed two things: rest and time for myself. Time to sort my thoughts and process what had been said. I decided to take the morning off, as everyone seemed to be convinced that I, as a doctor, was going to take care of the injured friar. I deliberately avoided the other monks and voluntarily took longer detours so I reached my room a quarter of an hour later. I managed to slip in unseen and pushed the door closed behind me. I breathed a sigh of relief and for a moment I thought about locking the door, but then it came to my mind that I was the only guest at the moment, therefore it wasn’t likely that someone would enter my room. Sighing, I dropped onto my bed and just stared at the wall for a while.
Mrs. Hudson nodded slowly. “Yes, I know that clinic. It’s one of the best for teens and young people.” She glanced at him with compassion in her eyes. “It’s hard to be so far away from your family. Did you plan to work a bit, until you could afford a ticket home?”
John hummed quietly as he headed home with his purchases. He gave less than half of his attention to the other people passing on the pavement. Instead he daydreamed about what he hoped would come after dinner - Sherlock’s sensuous mouth on his, Sherlock’s muscular, lean body writhing under his ministrations, Sherlock’s face red and desperate. By the time John turned his key in 221B Baker Street, his heartbeat thrummed in excited anticipation.
Mrs. Hudson chuckled. “Well, if you were my son, I wouldn’t want you getting up to stuff like this.” She picked up ashtray then sat it on the floor beside her feet. “Tell me now, how did a young Englishman come to be sleeping in Frank’s truck?”
Holmes wrinkled his brow and replied. “Yes, that’s what Mrs. Hudson mentioned. She was chattering on as is her wont, and I, of course, kept my mind occupied on other matters, paying her only peripheral attention, as is my habit. But she most definitely called out the name ‘twiddle diddles’.”
After a brief internet search, the only information that could help me was Jonah's comment that Sherlock used to live on Montague Street. For London, the road was quite short, so I wanted to use my day off to take a little walk past the British Museum along the way and to inconspicuously squint at the homes in Montague Street.
Looking out the opposite window from Sherlock, John slowly rubbed his thumb over the back of Sherlock’s hand, drawing soothing ellipses over and over. Lost in his musings, the sights of London blurred around John until he was suddenly jerked back into himself as the cab stopped at Baker Street. Sherlock flinched. It appeared he’d also been lost in his thoughts. John got out first and unlocked the door to 221 while Sherlock paid the cabbie. He stood back and waited for Sherlock to enter then preceded him up the stairs. The silence they’d kept in the cab stretched between them, heavy but not uncomfortable.
“I thought. Well, I hound you about your smoking. And try to tell you when and where you can smoke. And I realized. It’s controlling, isn’t it? You’re an adult, you pay your share of the rent. You can outrun me without even breathing hard so it’s not ruining your health. So, I…”
I stared at him in horror. Even if I already knew that he was threatened - hearing these words, so completely without emotion, from his mouth was a new shock to me. But perhaps it was the only way to find out why he of all people, being so gentle and kind, should be getting death threads. Something had to have happened in his past, which now caught up with him, because honestly - why would anyone be interested in killing a monk?
Drawing a shaky breath, John admitted to himself that he’d throw it all away in a heartbeat if it meant he could have his old life with Sherlock back. He’d willingly never see Mary again, ditch his job at the clinic, his new friends in the suburb – all of it, for one night with Sherlock. And he didn’t trust himself not to do it. That’s why he could not, absolutely
If I had a brother like you, I would hide as well, it went through my head, but I kept my mouth shut.
And the anniversary of Sherlock’s suicide? John had actually stopped at a Catholic church on his way home from work. He remembered how cold it had been inside the sanctuary. The stained glass windows were beautiful but did very little to block the biting wind. He’d knelt in an alcove devoted to the Virgin Mary, looking up at the statute’s serene face, and wondered if Sherlock had found the peace in death that had eluded him in life. He’d dropped a few pound coins into the box and lit a candle in Sherlock’s memory. It had been years since John had prayed in earnest or prayed with any actual faith but he tried that day. He asked the Blessed Mother to pray for Sherlock’s soul, to seek out Sherlock and comfort him. Head bowed, hands folded on the rail, John had let the tears fall that he mostly kept carefully in check. Alone in the sanctuary, he gave in to the despair that threatened to swallow him alive. He wanted to howl and tear at his clothing, consumed by grief, but he kept it tamped down. The only relief he’d allowed himself were the tears silently raining on his hands, still clutching the rail as he knelt.
The urge to touch him had never been so strong, but even though nothing of his appearance now reminded me of him being a friar, I had scruples. As much as I wanted it deep inside, it still cost me some effort to put my hand on his and gently stroke it, careful not to touch either the cannula nor the heart monitor. Studies had clearly demonstrated the importance of providing coma patients with sensory stimuli by addressing them, touching them, playing their favorite music, or reading to them from a book they liked - in short, creating a familiar atmosphere to speed recovery and give the patient's mind the necessary impetus to get back to life.
As he sat there, his eyes fixed on his hands folded in his lap, he was an allegory of misery. It was so unfair! For the first time, I seriously wondered why someone volunteered to do such a thing. I realized that living together required certain rules, as well as someone who enforced them - but in my opinion this was clearly going too far. What if the worst of all cases occurred and for William, help really had come too late? If he died without Jonah having the chance to say goodbye to him? Anger gathered in my stomach and burned my insides. I would not just accept that decision.
"Can you be sure that’s not it? You said yourself that you don’t know where he's gone since you saw each other in hospital and that you didn’t know why he suddenly chose to live as a monk. Couldn’t it be just that he only plays a role so as not to attract attention while keeping an eye on you? "
As if she’d been waiting to be summoned by her problematic lodger, Mrs. Hudson immediately opened her door and stepped out. “What is it? Oh, hello John.” Mrs. Hudson smiled, obviously pleased to see them together.
"Neither do I. This is exactly my problem. You are always so mysterious with your alleged silence vows and your ... deductions and the secret meeting in the church, in the middle of the night ... "
Holmes sprang from his chair to aid his distressed partner. He beat Watson vigorously on the back, gripping his shoulder to bend Watson forward. After a truly awful few moments of gasping and coughing, Watson sat up and looked at Holmes through streaming eyes, face red and expression pained.
Jonah cleared his throat before continuing. Of course, that was a touchy subject, especially if you were the ex-partner of the person in question, so I didn’t expect the novice to continue.  I was all the more surprised when he did, though hesitantly.
I gasped for air. "Well, you definitely were! Still, I'd like to know what's going on in this game! "
"Come on," he whispered and reached for my hand as we stood side by side in the dark corridor. He was still limping but that did not stop him from rushing through the corridors with me and up several flights of stairs. He led me up under the roof, where he opened a nondescript wooden door at the end of a hallway. When he turned on the light, I was beyond amazed. In front of me was a large, bright room with floor-to-ceiling windows, light parquet flooring, and natural rafters supporting the wood-clad eaves. On the sides of the room were woolen blankets and cushions in bright shades of red and orange, all aimed at a low table at the front of the room, on which was a flowered icon of Our Lady with the Child Jesus, in front of it two simple white candles, unlist of course. From the ceiling hung a simple, modern-looking chandelier with a dozen milky bulbs that bathed the room in a pleasant light. Amazed, I looked around.
The pattern becomes clear to John after a few days. Sherlock holds his breath when he’s concentrating very hard. Not for normal Mind Palace storage and retrieval - breath-holding is reserved for seriously hard thinking. It soothes John’s concerns when he makes the connection. He knows there’s nothing medically the matter - it’s simply Sherlock’s way of cutting out every distraction. That includes the sound of his own breath in his nose and the sensation of his chest rising and falling. It’s Sherlock’s way of going very, very still.
"Of course, it does," I replied, "but there's lots of time until Sherlock is done with rehab. We all don’t know what will happen then ..."
I nodded approvingly, but deep inside I felt an unspeakable sadness that I would never be allowed to hear the voice of this remarkable man.
"You're right, John. At first it was all staged. Several weeks after Sherlock left, Mycroft contacted me and introduced me to his plans. In France, where no one knew him, Sherlock would acquire the theological basics and contact me as soon as everything necessary was set in motion. From a legal point of view, you are right with your suspicions - Sherlock has never taken the vows of ordination. That he spent the last few months before he came here in a convent in Brittany, however, is true. "
A feeling of inner emptiness led me back into the dark church, where I had spent so much time in the last few days without my presence there having triggered anything worth mentioning in me. But now it was as if I were guided by invisible threads, unsure of what would await me - whether I expected anything at all! - and still I wasn’t able to resist the urge.
Harry was already seated in a booth. She waved at them from across the restaurant and John could see, even from the distance, that her hand was steady and eyes were clear. He breathed a silent sigh of relief.
With the full teapot, the tray was surprisingly heavy and I was grateful to find Father Andrew waiting in the corridor so I did not have to walk to his office.
"Of course you should look for a new apartment. I didn’t expect him to continue paying rent for his rooms on Montague Street while he was here. Of course Mycroft could ..."
"To what extent should the welfare of the community be in danger if a novice leaves the monastery for a day? Especially if it may be the last time he can see the man who is one of the most important people to him? "
"Well, then we both have to be careful to live up to our confidences, eh?" I joked, but at the same moment I sensed that the smile did not reach my eyes.
John nodded, knowing Mycroft could see him via the hidden cameras. “Okay, Mycroft, okay. Your way. I’ll read the messages. But then I want to talk to Sherlock.”
"Look, if you don’t believe me," Sherlock smiled indulgently, watching me carefully take what was once a person’s head and carefully inspect it. A paper, not visible unless someone held the skull and turned it over, hid between the molars.
"Someone like Sherlock is well worth renouncing the pleasures of intercourse - especially because he can show you in so many other ways that you are quite desirable. Maybe you develop this ability automatically, if you are asexual but do not want to forgo a relationship ... "
Sherlock now spent very little time at the flat even when he wasn’t working. And John’s ache deepened when he thought about how he’d been the cause of Sherlock’s recent vacancy. If only John had not been so wrapped up in his own misery. If only...
Sherlock’s hand dropped to John’s shoulder. He squeezed gently. “Another day. Here at home. With you.” Sherlock smiled. “That makes it okay.”
I could only shake my head. This whole operation had been pointless from the outset and now I was annoyed in addition for having gotten into a conversation with this strange guy. Still, the slowly-dawning knowledge that I probably would not see Sherlock again hurt.
“You have his number. This line is secured. You can call his mobile from it without endangering either Sherlock or the safety of the house. But I urge you to read his messages before you do.  Read at least the last few. I don’t know what they contain, but Sherlock has told me of their importance.”
I'm sorry for the delay in posting this chapter. Real life got busy then I got sick for two weeks. Plus, I'm not the type of writer who can write unless I feel inspired. But - there's finally smut, so I hope you find it was worth the wait.
He gave me a scrutinizing look before he devoted himself to the papers spread on his desk. "Go eat something, doctor. It was not an easy day for you, either. "
John raised an eyebrow and turned his attention to Lestrade. The DI shook his head and spoke, “I got a call from Sherlock and relayed the information to Dispatch. Thankfully there were two squad cars on patrol in the area. I left immediately but only got here as the action ended.”
"I have to hang up," I mumbled, dropping the phone on the receiver, only to walk up the stairs to the fifth floor seconds later. Even the time I would have spent waiting for the elevator seemed too precious at the moment. Panting and sweating, I came to a stop in front of a nurse who was on duty in front of the entrance to the intensive care unit.
I swallowed. My utterly selfish plan to persuade him to stay in the hospital room to keep him close to me would not work out - and maybe that was a good thing. The priest was right, I could not sit at Jonah's bedside all day so he would not get bored - and I did not feel lonely myself. In fact, he asked to return to his room before because he felt isolated.
After finishing the complet, the monks usually retired to sleep until the bell rang to vigil and tore them out of their sleep again. I too had returned to my room and had wanted to rest, but as I had done the past few days, I could not find sleep so early in the evening. Normally, at such moments, I would have read something that would calm my mind until my eyes fell closed, but the only book that was currently on the table next to my bed was the one about the basics of beekeeping, which immediately took me back to thoughts of him - and the question of how I should behave toward him in the future. We simply didn’t have that much in common so there seemed to be nothing that could justify an everyday encounter; and since the bees didn’t need that much attention at the moment, my hopes of spending time with him during that chore disappeared. Even in his studies I could hardly help him. Although natural healing was an alternative medicine and there were certain similarities concerning our professions, I had never dealt with this subject in detail - I had spent most of my professional career in surgery and emergency medicine, areas where the use of herbal remedies was not necessarily advised or desired at all.
‘He has certainly shown his true colours,’ I said. ‘You will find many an honest whore but he is not one: a man with whom indulgence in the carnal pleasures cannot be relied upon not to lead to blackmail. Of all villains I detest a blackmailer most, I think.’
Chrysostom literally means 'Golden mouth' in Greek. He was one of the early fathers of the Catholic Church, a man renowned for his persuasive eloquence. To speak with a forked tongue is of course, to speak falsely.
‘The wind moaned so,’ he said. His tone was tight, and his gaze averted now. ‘I did not wish to wake you: it was as bad as I have ever known – or worse, perhaps. And you were deeply asleep, so I would not disturb that small miracle.’
‘Of course.’ I wanted to sit beside him, gather him up in my arms and hold him, kiss and cosset him, but I knew I should not. Not there, not then, Alas, as I wanted to, not ever. ‘John, what happened? How did you come here?’
But the damage had been done. Not to my friendship with Watson – we went on very kindly together, in the gentlest of domesticities – but to the English government, and to the public perception of men whose primary affiliations were with other men. Society had become aware of a culture that lay beneath the world it knew and respected.
He embraced me, gentle, hesitant. I leaned further into him, he pulled me close, suddenly, then released me. ‘Holmes . . . oh my dear, my dear. If those evil brutes had . . .’ A huge sigh shook him. ‘I cannot bear to think . . . Come now, your wrist cannot wait until morning, or it will be much worse. And we cannot lie together here, even for comfort. Hayter is a good comrade, but I have not tested him - did not know his mind on Greek affections as I did with some of my fellows in the army - and we cannot take the risk of discovery.  I know you are sad now, my dear fellow, it is always so with you when the excitement of action fades. The black mood takes you, and you fall into the slough of despond. And you are still much affected by your exertions in France: as I said to you, your nerves require rest and quiet. A little excitement roused you, but see, the fall comes again.’
I had not collected my thoughts sufficiently to reply to him, when he turned at the door, and spoke again, his colour heightened, and his voice oddly constricted.
He let out a crack of laughter. ‘I can keep nothing from you, Holmes. Yes, of course it is in German: now tell me by what deductive process you have concluded that. Is it that you are ahead of me in my search and have found an alternative source of information, or that you are employing some mysterious process of divination? I hoped to surprise you, but I see I cannot.’
‘My small success is in problem solving, not in effecting political change,’ I pointed out, ‘but I shall endeavour not to disappoint you, Watson.’
I could go to him now, I thought, and say, ‘Watson, let me sleep with you. Turn to me, let me be your solace, your comfort. I know nothing, but for you I would learn, do, offer, all.’ I could fit my body to the curve of his, protecting his back, watch him sleeping as, waking, he watched me. Perhaps after sleep, loosened from the bonds of fear, he might turn to me, accepting, trusting, and we might embrace, our hands seeking each other’s bodies, tenderly exploring flank and hip and groin, our mouths, lip to lip, exchanging breath that would hitch and sob, speed and falter, become broken, ecstatic, triumphant . . . sated, sweet . . . then murmur praise, love, joy in vows and promises that we would be alone no longer, but a conjoined creature, of one mind, one body, one heart, coupled, inseparable . . .
In the same month too, we travelled to Norfolk, that county of reeds and slow-moving water, and open skies, on a case that Lestrade had asked us to observe. A certain young man, Mark Knights by name, had been accused under the new Act of unnatural crimes. His accuser then withdrew the accusation before it had been sworn to, and offered no evidence in support of it. Knights admitted sodomy upon oath before a magistrate, and implicated two others – against whom there was no evidence either - in his crime. The judge in the case, Mr Justice James Stephens, an old friend of Lestrade’s, received us with some gratitude, and owned to a measure of perplexity, for, as he said, there existed no evidence against the man, Knights, other than his sworn deposition - and the fact that he had given evidence on his sworn oath of having been accomplice to an act of unnatural crime meant that he could not be convicted of it. His own words could not, uncorroborated, condemn him.
His shields were still up when he tended to my bruises in the privacy of my room. He scolded me roundly for not giving him warning of what I had intended to do, and his tone was colder than I liked.
‘The newspaper behind the reporting on the French case is the United Ireland,’ I said to him, riffling through the papers. ‘It could be the same. Proprietor: William O’Brien, Member of Parliament and Irish Patriot.’
' - clouded! It is not clouded. Cocaine brings clarity, knowledge, insight. Under its supremely cerebral influence I am able to transcend myself - ’
‘He is a Polish born Jew named Joseph Lawende, or Levander, or Lavender, who makes cigarettes for a living. A respectable man. He described the man he thinks to be the murderer as being of average build and looking rather like a sailor, wearing a pepper-and-salt-coloured loose-fitting jacket, a grey cloth cap with a matching peak, and a reddish neckerchief, a man aged about thirty to thirty five, with a fair complexion and moustache, being about five foot and seven or eight inches tall. He did not believe he would be able to identify the man again, but added that he had been told by a ‘mate’ that his name was John Watson, and he was a doctor.’
“Granted as soon as asked,” he assured me, though his brow was still sober. “I am not guilty, Holmes, merely – well, dammit, man, look here, and do not judge me. I know you dislike my sentimentality, and I am afraid of you laughing at me . . .” and he pulled from his pocket a small leather purse and spilled its contents on the table.
‘Do not be too sober,’ I said to him as we set off. ‘I – I rather like you in this moon-mad mood. It becomes you well, John.
He sighed all at once. ‘I do not know. Nothing. It is nothing, I suppose. I feel – well, I am conscious of, of feelings, of thoughts, that have been foreign to me hitherto. It is not that I do not like whither they tend, it is more that they open – possibilities - that I had not considered before now, and those possibilities . . . Oh, I must stop: this is nothing but neurasthenia, a sickly, over-scrupulous, wearying questioning of myself that clouds, impedes right action. I will act as my honour demands, as my will and heart direct: let that be all. Forgive me, Holmes.’ He smiled. ‘See, the fit is over.’
a matter of delicacy. I have been asked to investigate the provenance of some diamonds, by a merchant in the city who finds that he is continually being undercut in price by a new firm: Wynert and Company. I do not want to go on my own, Watson, for two reasons, the first being that I am more comfortable in your company than out of it, and the second that it means I must work without a trusted companion – something to which I have become accustomed. I regret it, but I do not see any way of you accompanying me.’
‘Perhaps we must agree to differ. I have found that men can be – equally as beautiful as women. I shall not contrary you, however, but allow you to think upon it at your own good leisure, and then we may talk again if you wish. So, let us return to your point: the Prime Minister was not fooled, no, not in the least.  Will you tell our noble leader of what truly transpired? You cannot betray Lady Hilda, surely; it would be an unchivalrous thing to do.’
‘How dare you be so officious as to press me?’ I snapped at him, my mind in turmoil. I had to make him go; I could not let him know my shameful secret. ‘What right have you to go behind my back and do these things? Will you bring in other doctors next, to have me declared not in my right mind? To confine me?’
‘I wanted a second opinion of course. Really, Holmes, what objection do you have to him? He is a good doctor, he knows you, and has treated you before. Moore Agar was out of town; he would have been my first choice.’
‘There,’ Watson discreetly indicated the three men who had caught his eye. ‘I realise, now he has turned that I know of one of them, of course – alas that I do -  but not the other two. Deduce them for me, Holmes.’
He looked wistful, poor man, and bit his lip. ‘T’was not for money, I did it. T’was for Dr Watson’s kindness, when not many are kind to me.’
‘Thank you, I shall sleep sound now,’ he said, and so I left him, stumbling from his room with my mind in turmoil.
‘How can I not? You are, my most dear Damon, all that is excellent – and I will defend that to my death, you know. But we were discussing - ’
Lestrade proved amenable, and my purse was comfortably replenished. Case after case – small, but lucrative - did he put my way, especially those cases to which the legal system could not bring justice. An odd man, Lestrade, with his own morality, more concerned with the spirit, than the letter of the law. He had a soft spot for unfortunates for whom there was no legal redress, or none affordable – the wives with abusive husbands, the women whose children were molested by a partner or relation. I liked him better than any at the Yard, a liking he repaid with the work I needed. So the cases came in, and were solved. However, I was obliged to ask Watson to vacate the drawing room when Lestrade or my clients visited, for I had an absurd fear of exposing too much of myself, my work. Too many people in my life had found my deductive skills freakish, unnatural even. I was not so secure in the doctor’s companionship that I wanted him to be one of my critics.
‘The forms of society do little service to young women: it is all ceremony and what is appropriate, rather than what is honest and true,’ observed Watson. ‘I recall our friend Carpenter saying as much, do not you, Holmes? And I suppose after a certain point, having committed himself, Durham could not draw back without dishonour. But she could have done so.’
Sherlock can’t help how worried he is.  It’s been a month and John still won’t look him in the eye for longer than five seconds.  John is still going to bed earlier unless there’s a case, which Sherlock has been desperately trying to round up, bugging Lestrade constantly.  And they certainly don’t discuss Mary, though that part Sherlock supposes isn’t a surprise.  John still looks sad all the time.  He’ll get lost reading the paper or typing up a case.  It’s painful to watch because Sherlock has felt it too.  It feels hopeless, trying to get John to just stop being sad and Sherlock knows first-hand that that isn’t how it works.  No one just stops being sad.  It takes time.  It hurts but then it gets easier, over time.  Sherlock keeps thinking it will all just take time but he feels like he’s been waiting forever.  It’s frustrating and seems like nothing all at once because for John, Sherlock would wait forever.
“That isn’t a real reason at all. Continuing to love someone is a choice. You work at it Harry. You don’t just fall out of love.” John feels worked up by this, irrationally so. Harry’s brows pull together in confusion.
“No, it’s fine. I do think I made a total arse of myself in front of one of my friends though,” John said with a laugh.
Later, after Sherlock has been arrested and John is at his old home with Mary waiting in the bedroom, John runs out the back door and vomits onto the lawn.  The smell of freshly cut grass is strong.  John sits down on the patch of grass, takes a few deep breathes, and tries not to think about how Sherlock gave his freedom for John’s life and happiness a second time.
John’s being vulnerable again.  It might just be that he’s a little drunk but Sherlock can tell he means it.
“Yesterday. Yesterday you spoke to a man named Victor. He asked you who I was and you said nobody. You said you didn’t know why I had come to see you. I did hear that Sherlock. I was just round the corner.”
They solve two more cases within the week but they’re small and simple, yet after the second case John insists on getting drinks.
“Me too,” Sherlock says, and then laughs, realizing that doesn’t quite make sense. John thinks about reaching across the space between them and resting his hand on Sherlock’s knee. He doesn’t though. He just laughs with his eyes closed, head tipped back. He’s drunk. And very happy. And very in love.
“My brother will be in London for a press conference soon. I have texted you the address. I think you should attend.”
“Fine, I’ll do it, but I’ll only love you more,” John says to no one in particular.  He rolls over, cradles the pillow Harry gave me.  Falls asleep once more.
They get take out boxes and walk home.  It’s cold but Sherlock doesn’t notice at all.  Sherlock unlocks the door and throws his coat onto the back of a chair.
“And, do you think you’ll find out who the…criminal is?” John said, hoping he was being vague enough. Mycroft raised an eyebrow. Apparently he was not being vague enough.
Phillip clapped his hands together and then went into his bedroom only to return wearing a shirt for a band John had never had never heard of. “So what do you think?”
If Mary hadn’t happened, John wonders if he would have kept feeling sorry for himself.  He wonders what would have happened if Sherlock had come back and Sherlock had found him as pathetic as he was when he had first left him.
“I know exactly what happened. Your flatmate thought he could make some money and told everyone I was here. How else would the press know where I was?”
“For God’s sake, what is it?” Sherlock demands.  Ever impatient.  John smiles fondly.  It may be the last time he gets to.
“Get. Out.”  John can feel his soldier face falling over him.  He must have done something properly because Sherlock sniffs, relieves his back from its hunched state and straightens, then stomps out of the bathroom passed John.  John shuts the door behind him with a tidy thud.
“Sherlock, I love you.  I don’t care who knows.  I want everyone to know,” John says across the table.  Sherlock clears his throat, then reaches for his water.
It is impossible that John doesn't know.  Borderline offensive even.  He’s been screaming it for years so loudly that his throat is raw and damaged; and yet.
When Sherlock feels particularly morbid and self-indulgent he pretends that John really struggled when he thought he’d died.  He knows of course that John must have struggled a bit.  He knows he cried.  He knows that John had been angry.  But Sherlock likes to pretend with something more raw and tasteless.
“John, I miss you.  I miss you all the time,” he says quietly, looking wrecked.  Sherlock then buries his face in the crook of John’s neck.  “I miss you all the time,” he repeats into John’s skin.  John runs a hand through Sherlock’s hair.
John would normally open the shop on Monday mornings. He would usually check on sales and have tea with Mrs. Hudson. It all fell away, melted out of John’s mind completely.
He thinks of John, alone in 221B.  The flat quiet.  Perhaps John is running his fingers along the spine of a book, turning a page.  A mystery novel.  Is it possible that John would be thinking of Sherlock at all?  This image hurts.  It’s been eight months.
“Of course you need it, that’s all you want.  You’re going to end up just like your sister if you don’t knock this off.  Eat something and go to bed before you’re vomiting again, just like last night.”
“John,” Sherlock says softly against his mouth, and he sounds so small it hurts.  Sherlock maneuvers himself into John’s lap.  His hands are wandering now, and his breath is hitched.  He rolls his hips down onto John’s and moans into John’s mouth.  It’s amazing.
“I don’t understand it, I never have deserved your friendship.  But it’s good to know that.”  The statement feels selfish to say but there’s no point in lying.
John nodded. “Right. If this Watson person had realized that he had been a daft prick, and he begged you to reconsider, you would in fact then…reconsider?”
Clara left before Harry, saying she had to drop by on her mother.  Harry took her place at John’s kitchen table and lit a cigarette, ashing into one of his new mugs.  With one addiction, others will follow.
“Doctor Watson, please, I know you’re a good man…don’t…don’t hurt me,” he sputters at John.  He feels sick.
John will not forgive him for making him love him.  He will not forgive himself for letting it happen, though he’d never have it any other way.
“That painting…it isn’t the original is it?” Molly asked. She pushed her hair back off her face, her ponytail coming loose after a long day at the morgue.
“Well, if you come across any of those who need somewhere to live in London, let me know.  By the way, you might want to let your son know he isn’t allowed to take the car.  He definitely put the dent there.”
After they went over the case, John made a late lunch. Sherlock pointed at John’s wall and raised a brow.
John had never believed Sherlock to be a sociopath.  Still didn’t.  But the fact that he had come back like that?  It wasn’t Good and it wasn’t on at all.
The man’s a junkie.  Right.  Well, previously.  Another life.  It doesn’t seem possible but the look he’s given says it all.  Well.  Right.
He knows he’s done now, even if they do get out of here alive, Sherlock will know now.  But that’s okay seeing as he’ll probably be dead soon.
“Oh…” Susie trailed off. She then very suddenly picked herself up off of John, scrambled onto her feet, and swiftly turned away from him, walking quickly towards the swings, hands balled into fists at her sides. John felt his face go warm, and he laid his head back down on the grass, eyes closed, thinking about brown for the several more hours.
John lets out a light chuckle. He can feel himself blushing harder still, as if that were possible. Just him and Sherlock. Like before.
Hearing Sherlock say his name had been enough.  Sherlock asking him to come to him.  It was so ridiculous really, John knew how stupid it was, yet he couldn’t help it.
He arrives at Bart’s Hospital more because he has an in here and hasn’t the slightest idea what he’s meant to be doing with himself.  He knows he can get body parts and more equipment in this lab because the young woman who works here likes him.  Like most things he had sort of stumbled upon the lab and Sherlock really has always just sort of done whatever he liked.  He was a graduate chemist after all and so he’d set it up.  And now he had Molly to help him do whatever he pleased.
John does not sleep his first night in the flat.  It seems too quiet, though he can hear the entire city moving around him, not stopping and not quiet at all.  Sleeping doesn’t do him much good anyway anymore.  He goes shopping the next day, and is almost confused by all of the produce just sitting out.  He hasn’t seen this much fresh food in one place since India, and it’s been awhile.  Ages.  He ends up buying tea, a loaf of bread, some fruit, and then giving up and buying frozen meals because he knows he won’t cook at all.  Somewhere deeper inside he knows he won’t eat either, but he has to pretend; even for himself.  Limping around the store is just as embarrassing as he thought it would be.  He’s thirty-five walking around with a cane, it’s ridiculous.
Sherlock recalls every time he had wanted to die in the past and how now he is trying desperately to live.
“Well, you’ve got me to look after you again, so if anyone is going to stitch your leg up it’ll be me.  I’m your doctor remember?  If you’re going to be stubborn then go on into the bathroom.”
Sherlock is playing his violin, a soft, melancholy, and somewhat desperate tune that is hurting John to hear.  It seems that all he feels is this dull ache in his chest recently.  He’s never wanted anyone so badly before.  But Sherlock makes no indication, only holds his bow in his hands delicately as he plays, eyes closed.  John wants to say something.  Anything.
“I do like to be helpful.” John shrugs and then takes a bite of his rice.  He looks happy, which is really quite a turn of events because Sherlock can tell that John has been sad for a very long time.  Sherlock doesn’t want to be proud of himself but he is.  John likes him.  All of his efforts weren’t wasted.  And now John is flirting with him.
“I did.  Just like you knew that I drank so much of this shite I threw it up everywhere in our parent’s bathroom when I was fifteen.”  Harry shrugs.  “It does tend to run in families, did you know that?”
“I don’t think you are going to die.  I think Mycroft will be here soon.  But, if you do die, I’ll be right here.  I’ll hold your hand the whole time.”
After the shop closed for the day, John gathered everyone. He gathered Molly, Greg, Phillip, Harry, and Mrs. Hudson all into his flat. He described everything that had happened between himself and Sherlock, word for word. When he was done, he looked around the room at his friends.
“How much longer are you staying in the UK?” the reporter repeated, and John couldn’t help but smile brightly, laughing a little at his luck.
It’s eleven in the morning and Sherlock has three nicotine patches on either arm, and he’s wringing his hands together like there’s something in between them he’s trying to crush: probably John’s patience.  After a third failed date with Sarah thanks to his lovely flat mate, John is at this particular time, not fond of him.  Sherlock is completely bored, and completely out of bullets (thank God).  He’s already used a blow torch on one of John’s jumpers, destroyed all the hard boiled eggs by throwing them into the garbage disposal, and stabbed a foot to a pulp.  He is now adding the sixth nicotine patch to his body, which is at least the fifth health hazard of the day.
John’s eyes open wide and he gets his bearings.  He looks around, moves to wipe at his face.  Sherlock is above him, holding him at his sides.
“No, you think?” John says. He drums his fingers against his thigh. “He made me watch him die and then he runs off on some adventure without me. Utter bastard.”
“Sherlock, what is it?” John asks, putting his hands in Sherlock’s curls, coaxing him out so he can look at his face.
“You should believe me, because it’s always been true, Sherlock.  God, I’ve wanted you since I met you.  I was unbelievably in love with you before you…before you went away, and against all judgment and reason, I was still in love with you when you came back.  Christ, I was in love with you on my wedding day.  I don’t think I’ll ever not feel this way,” John says.  Once he’s said it, his teeth feel too big for his mouth.  He feels frightened.  Sherlock’s mouth is hanging open only the slightest bit, all of the features of his face gone slack.
John looks up, the hall light off, there’s a soft glow coming from the lamp on his desk and her face looks soft and delicate.  She bites her lip.  She looks down then back up, almost shy which is uncharacteristic and then leans against the door frame.
He knows what Mary must be thinking.  She knew he was in love with Sherlock and now he’s living with him again.
“Yes,” he says, and it’s almost as if he didn’t at all.  It came out without his consent.  His love feels too real now, as it lays between Harry and John on the table, between an ashtray and two glasses of red wine.  His love is dark and calloused and far too real.  Harry inhales sharply.  She blinks rapidly.  If she cries John will flip the table over.
“Please don’t stop,” John says, so quietly it’s almost missed but it’s heard and it only urges Sherlock forward.  He’s helpless in his ache.  Part of him hurts, part of him is happy.  He’s been cradling his self-control for so long.
He puts the cigarette to his mouth, takes a long drag, then blows the smoke out through his nose.  Sherlock has not stopped watching him for a second.  His mouth is agape just slightly, and John smirks to himself.
“You were wrong.  You have never been more wrong.  I don’t want you to be her.  I want you to be you.  How can you not know?” John asks, his expression begging to be understood.
He doesn’t feel like he can breathe so he thinks damn the coffee and goes back outside into the fresh air and has a panic attack so violent that for a moment he thinks he will vomit all the biscuits Mrs. Hudson had insisted he eat that morning.
“Oh,” Sherlock says.  “Well.  It’s been, let’s see…nearly a decade for me?” Sherlock says, more talking to himself than anything else.  He shrugs at his reflection.
“How are you feeling? About the trial I mean,” John clarified. Sherlock shrugged, blowing smoke out of the side of his mouth.
He’s already drunk, has been for roughly an hour.  He holds a glass of scotch in his hand.  It’s three in the afternoon.
“Yes Mycroft, the press found me. My brilliant plan was apparently not so brilliant. Will you please just help me?”
After Phillip walked away, Sherlock turned back to John. He smiled stiffly and kept his hands clasped behind his back. It was as though he hadn’t just kissed John and given him a mild heart attack.
Mycroft gets up and saunters out. John can hardly breathe. He might need to hyperventilate into the Union Jack pillow. Sherlock is out there, alone, in danger. And John can’t do anything to protect him. There have been dozens of times where they’ve been on a case together, and John has had to fight people off of Sherlock. He’d had to kill someone the second night he knew Sherlock. John closes his eyes and tries to remember that Sherlock survived for thirty years without him. But John loves him, and he wants to protect him. It’s instinct.
"Good because I have questions too.  Ask away," Sherlock says, matter-of-fact.  Sherlock has never been shy, why should this be any different?
Sherlock has stopped playing the violin.  The violin, the one thing he had always been able to pour his heart into, is now something he fears.
John walks into what used to be his own flat for the seventh time since Sherlock had returned and he didn’t even knock. He had the first time, and Sherlock had laughed and said “Why in God’s name would you knock?” so he hadn’t after that.
“Nonsense John, it’s nothing at all dear.” She continues to scrub and starts humming. He’s tried to stop her over the last few weeks, but she continues and shows no signs of relenting. It’s not as if he can tell her to stop doting, on account of Sherlock being alive and all. Mrs. Hudson hums and John starts to whistle. She smiles at him while she wrings out the sponge. John picks the newspaper back up and tries to concentrate on the words, biting his bottom lip the entire time he pretends to read.
John followed her down a small hallway and hardly heard the woman when she said “You’ve got five minutes” as she opened yet another set of doors and John saw Sherlock. He was standing next to a wide open window, and the sunlight was hitting his curls. John tried not to actually gasp at the sight, since that seemed juvenile and silly but it was hardly contained.
.  So he left it.  As John walked out he turned to see the window, expecting disgust to be apparent on the waiter’s face when he saw the receipt.  But what was there was confusion, and then a lip bite.
When John places a hand on Sherlock’s knee, and Sherlock wraps their fingers together as the telly continues to play, John can’t help but think of how this is a small miracle.  Loving Sherlock has never been easy, but instead had always been something fragile, intense, and never ending.
Sherlock has imagined a few ways in which a confession would be sufficient, but they would take so much explaining.
“Any messages today?” John asked. Their flat had a landline that Phillip insisted upon. He was part of so many bizarre clubs and neighborhood watches, and he felt he needed multiple means of contact.
He’s fairly sure he never wanted the food from the shops anyway.  Did John ask for something? Even if he had Sherlock can’t imagine that he actually would have gone to get it.  He dumps both the tin and the bag on a nearby shelf and puts both hands in his coat pockets.  Phone, keys, wallet. He heads to the door, turns his collar up and walks into the rain.  He walks home and gets very wet.  He thinks about John scolding him and smiles at the thought.
Harry isn’t much older than John but to a ten year old, thirteen seems light years away. Harry started talking about how every, single one of her friends was trying to get boy’s attention. But Harry didn’t try, she already had it. Her long blond hair and blue eyes made her impossible to miss. Boys would call the house and John would ask Harry “there’s a boy on the phone for you, what should I tell ‘im this time?” because John knew that Harry wouldn’t take any of their calls.
He doesn’t think it will be so long then. There’s a nice woman at the clinic. She’s a nurse and her name is Mary. She’s flirted with John multiple times, and he can’t get himself to reciprocate or ask her on a date. He must not like her all that much.
John’s hands are warm on Sherlock’s thigh, and John works quickly, trying to be efficient and minimize the pain.  He’s patched Sherlock up before, on several occasions and it was never awkward then but it feels close to awkward now.  John hasn’t been this close to him in ages and Sherlock is grateful that his breath is already shaky from the pain.
He wonders a lot about what John did while he was away.  Besides falling in love, obviously.  That much was obvious.
Sherlock is so eager he can hardly lay still.  John undoes the buttons of his shirt carefully and Sherlock is trembling.
He recalls the dreams he had when Sherlock was dead.  The beautiful things his brain conjured up and used to torment him all the more.
It is a new violin bow, and it had seemed a fairly innocent gift when picking it out, but now it felt too intimate, giving Sherlock something he would use so often, and so delicately.
“Oh….my God,” John said, mouth going dry as he fully comprehended what he had done. Sherlock was staring down at his ruined shirt, a quiet fury building in the very tall and very unpredictable man. “I’m so sorry,” John continued, and then reached out with a napkin he had thoughtlessly grabbed back at the coffee shop. As he was about to touch Sherlock’s shirt, hoping to help, Sherlock pushed his hand away.
“You absolutely cannot know that.  I’ve already screwed up so many things John, don’t tell me I’m not going to screw this up.”  He takes a drag, feels his hands shaking, shaking, shaking—“Stop.  Do you see how you are?  You’re so worked up over just the idea of something terrible happening and nothing has even happened.  Just from how worried you are, I can see how much you care.  How much you’ve always cared.  Sherlock haven’t we spent enough time worrying ourselves to death?  Don’t you think you deserve to be happy?”
John laughs, leaning against the sofa.  He doesn’t know how much he’s had to drink.  He won’t remember this conversation.
John attempts the cross word, doesn’t look at the news in the papers though.  There were still things about Sherlock in them, lies about him.  It made him angry but mostly very disgusted, to know that there were people out there, saying things about him, as if they knew him.  Sherlock had asked him, several times, why John cared what people said about him.
Sherlock’s mouth goes up to John’s neck and then to his collar bone.  John’s breath shakes but he feels amazing.
Sherlock is sitting in his chair, plucking at his violin.  John can tell that he’s bored, which is ridiculous because how can Sherlock be bored when John is on the verge of collapsing in front of him?
also, the next few chapters will be more of my own take and not just going with the canon, which i've been dying to do.
They kiss everywhere.  Sherlock is intensely surprised the first time John lays a small kiss on his temple in public.  They are out to dinner and John gets up to use the bathroom and after he sets his napkin on the table he quickly kisses Sherlock’s temple.
“You have to get rid of him.  You can stay here, for a while, before you find a place.  You can’t be there all alone all the time.”
Once he had made it to the top of the tree, he settled down between two branches and looked at his surroundings. He could see every house on his road from here and as his eyes searched the lawns and picket fences, his eyes fell on a boy in his form, Marcus. Marcus lived two houses down and was barely older than John, though much taller. John watched the other boy from his perch, and felt his face warm. Marcus was lying in the grass, looking up at the sky. He reached his hand up, as if to touch a cloud and then slowly and gently brought the hand back down to his chest. John swallowed, and allowed his own hand to reach out.  He lost his balance and as John fell down onto the grass he wondered why he had done it, reached out, wanted to touch.
John stands in the hall, waiting for Sherlock to come out.  When the door opens it’s not Sherlock.  It’s a woman.  A very pretty woman, in one of Sherlock’s button ups.  The white one, the one he’d wear in the summer.  The one he’d roll the sleeves up on when it was particularly hot, unbuttoned to the third, the one he’d worn one afternoon when he’d actually had a beer with John and had fallen asleep on the couch after being up for two days after a case.  His curls had stuck to his forehead in his sleep from the heat.
But he wants to be gentle, and he doesn't want to make Sherlock answer it all at once.  Not if he doesn't want to.
“Why?” She’s too young to be in a bar filled with men, completely alone. Or maybe John has just had a little too much beer.
That night, after not eating any of the groceries, and mostly staring blankly at his bedroom wall, he tucks his handgun into his top drawer.  It will become a ritual every morning, to take out the gun, think about putting it in his mouth, and then not doing so, mainly because he’s worried that there might be something more…numb…if he does.  Though he can’t imagine it.
"Wanting and loving are two very different things, John.  Plenty of people have wanted me but none of them have loved me.  I know because whenever I told them 'No' they left. And I maybe loved a few, I'm not sure.  I had a friend in Uni.  His name was Victor and he was very thin with very dark eyes and his family was living in India and always wanted him to come home.  He was very kind to me when no one else was.  He introduced me to his girlfriend and I couldn't even hate her, she was so nice.  They all had girlfriends."
More truthfully than being bored by domesticity was that he also missed Sherlock, which was very annoying and wholly ridiculous and John knew very much that this did not make him a very good husband/soon to be father.
“Of course not,” John said, and found himself clutching the bars of the fence, trying to get a feel for what would be the best angle to climb over at. John grasped the bars, then got his footing. He got about halfway up the fence before he lost his grip. “Whoopsie daisies,” he said without a second thought, and Sherlock began to laugh so hard he had to grip his knees.
It hurts to remember now, but it’s also lovely, the smell of his shampoo a sweet reminder that although John likes to play pretend with him now, Sherlock was once real, and he once did things to John that he will not forgive.
Now, he hasn’t picked up the violin since John has returned.  John hasn’t said anything, but he has eyed the violin suspiciously, as if he expected it to get up and shriek in his face.
When John wakes up the bed is empty and he tries very hard not to panic. He swallows down his immediate horror, and opens the bedroom door.
“He gets all his brilliant ideas from a needle if you ask me,” one of the men said, and another round of laughter went round their table.
“Sherlock, you’d better get up and follow me.  If you don’t I’ll just come back in here and drag you out myself.”
“Christ,” John said, running a hand down his face. This was really horrible timing. “That would be my flatmate Phillip. I’m so sorry. There’s no excuse at all for him.”
“He died because I shook his hand,” Sherlock says, head swerving around in every direction.  Something else happened to him in the cab, though John doesn’t know what.
Luckily, upon impact, no bones jutted out from any limbs. Though his right arm certainly did not work properly. John began to cry, and his mother came bolting out of the house, newspaper still in hand.
“Uhm. Yes. It’s true but it’s really. It’s...” John had never wanted to hide his sexual past so much until this very moment. He was at a total loss.
John had been watching him from over his tea, trying to shift his eyes, really.  Not wanting to be obvious.  But he always was, (at least he assumed) in the end.  He wasn’t exactly awkward but he wasn’t exactly fond of people either.  So, when he was fond…well…
John follows suit.  He starts to laugh a full laugh, and they push each other farther into the laughter.  It reminds John of the time at the palace, when Sherlock had showed up in a sheet.
“Don’t worry. I wouldn’t dream of telling him. I’ll keep this to myself and honestly, I probably won’t believe myself half the time.”
His stance is all strict army doctor, one hand pointing loosely to Sherlock, a hard line in between his eyebrows.  Sherlock can’t help but laugh.  John looks handsome.
“Of course,” John said. As he was getting ready to walk out and come back after the conference began, Sherlock came through the venue’s doors. He was walking so quickly that he nearly ran into John, and they were so close together that John could have wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s middle if he had chosen to.
John found himself pulled out to social gatherings by Greg, Molly, Harry, and Mrs. Hudson. All of them tried in vain to cheer him up. He went out flower shopping for the book store with Mrs. Hudson and he gave medical opinions to Molly over lunch. Eventually they all came together and formed a sort of intervention. They took John out for dinner, and John found himself under Greg’s stern gaze.
“Of course it is.  It’s always my fault, hm?  All I knew was that I wanted you so badly, and now I have you, and I’m supposed to give that up?  I don’t think so.  It isn’t fair.  I won’t let you go away when I’ve just gotten you back.  I’ve suffered so much because I’ve wanted you.  Do not deny us this.  I don’t want to be good and hide anymore.”
It didn’t take much, not really.  Three pints and just a touch of the Watson charm John was so used to throwing around at random girls.  Ellis ate it up, or he was drunk, or he was looking for a shag.  John was surprised even at himself, the way he lost himself completely.  Ellis’ mouth easily fell onto his own, biting, then getting slow and languid, gingerly yet firmly tracing his lips with his tongue.  Ellis was a good kisser.  John thought about the TA he’d been fucking semi-regularly for only a moment, thinking about how she wasn’t quite this nice with her hands.  John had always assumed that if he’d finally ever gotten around to getting the courage to sleep with a man it’d be rushed, heated, and nothing at all like the very kind kisses Ellis was leaving on his neck, his chest, and trailing downward.  Much too nice in fact.  Much too nice indeed.
“I’m not sad because I lost Mary and a daughter that wasn’t even mine in the first place.  I’m not sad that I’m not living with a picket fence and dog and quiet.  I think you know me better than that.  I was never cut out for any of that, you and I both know.  You said it the night at Leicester Gardens.  The only reason that life was ever an option was because I thought you were dead.  Do you really not know, Sherlock?  Here, I thought you were tip toeing around me because you knew and didn’t want to offend me.  Jesus.”
Sherlock woke up first in the morning.  The sun wasn’t even up yet and John still had an arm around him.  Sherlock was unable to move.  John scooted closer to him, and Sherlock felt how hard he was.
“Who the hell knows about Sherlock Holmes anyway? It’s not as if he’s even comparable to Dave Toschi.”
He has already said goodbye, John’s words not making any difference.  John screams his name out, it makes no difference.
“I didn’t want to die,” Sherlock says carefully, rubbing his hands together like he used to when he got nervous.
with his eyes. Sherlock doesn’t say anything else about it, so he must have gotten the point, and John sighs with relief.
“Sherlock, I’m fine,” John says.  He makes sure his voice is steady and firm.  “It looks worse than it is.
“Time’s up I’m afraid,” the blond woman said, coming through the door. “Mr. Holmes, you’ve got your next meeting waiting.” The woman left briefly, and in this moment, John acted, as he assumed he would never get the chance again.
John can’t hear anything, he’s gone all white, and everything is like the first time they met only playing in reverse.  John has been rescued instead of Sherlock.  John’s gun lies a few feet away, now a murder weapon.  It looks clean, brand new, as if it hadn’t been used before.
Sherlock laughed at that, then sat down on one of the sofas in the room. There were three total, and John assumed one night in the hotel would cost him one month’s rent at least.
John was riddled with nerves as ten am approached. He thought about bringing Sherlock flowers or chocolates or something but the whole idea made him feel a bit childish. And besides, Sherlock did not seem the type to enjoy played out sentimental gesture. John thought maybe a pack of cigarettes would be more appreciated. Perhaps a very strong cup of coffee?  John threw away the idea of bringing some token of appreciation all together.
“Okay, well, I have to go. I’m just going to take this cash and hope for the best,” John mumbled, throwing a shirt on. His hair was hardly dry from the shower.
“I’ll think about it,” John said. Mycroft tilted his head, and John nodded. “I want to see him. I do. I just don’t know how he’ll react to seeing me.”
“Really, I’m so sorry. If you want, I have soap and towels at my flat. You can get cleaned up so that you don’t have to walk around London like this. Really, so sorry.”
John and Sherlock found themselves wandering around London, walking aimlessly and just chatting absentmindedly. John felt more calm than he had since had returned from Afghanistan. As they walked, they came upon one of the gated neighborhoods. John knew that inside there was a lovely garden with trees curling along the pathway.
“What?!” Sherlock asks, then turns, finally to look at him.  It must register, the seriousness, because he puts the violin down.  “Has someone died?” Sherlock asks.
John sent Sherlock upstairs and laid out extra clothes and a towel for him. All of John’s clothes would be too small for Sherlock but he managed to find some of his larger sleeping shirts and a pair of sweatpants that would probably land at Sherlock’s ankles. While Sherlock ran a bath, Phillip came into the flat, holding the newspaper out.
The easiest perhaps would be to confess to John that his entire mind palace has been rebuilt upon a foundation of him, and top to bottom is filled with different subtleties about John.
Sherlock walks towards John finally. He stands close enough that if John reached out he could touch him. John hates how awkward this feels. Instead of dealing with how much he wants to grab Sherlock, John turns on his heel and unlocks the door.
John thought he was going to throw up. He thought his hands would never stop shaking. He hoped against hope that he wasn’t wrong about this.
“Such a gentleman,” she says, but doesn’t get in right away.  Instead, she runs her hand down the back of John’s head, through his hair, then leaves her palm heavy at the nape of his neck.  She leans in and kisses him gently, then pulls away, getting inside of the cab.  John comes around the door and leans down.
“Eat your food sweetheart, don’t play with it,” John’s mother cooed. She didn’t need to look up from her ritualistic morning paper, she always knew. John looked down at his biscuit floating in his tea cup, the chocolate sticking to the side of the cup. He ate the biscuit half-heartedly and then sat down next to his sister who’s eyes were glued to her new copy of Smash Hits.
John would tell him to get a haircut but then run his fingers through the curls as they kiss.  John must be a wonderful kisser.
John finished breakfast and pulled his jacket on. The shop opened at nine every morning and closed at seven every evening. He ran the shop with the landlord of the property, Mrs. Hudson. She was a very sweet older woman who often treated John like a son. He was very lucky to have found her. The real problem was that the shop hardly made any money. John didn’t know how sustainable the shop really was, but he would deal with that when he had to. For now, John took everything just one day at a time.
Funny he would say that, Sherlock thought, now that John’s happy marriage was hanging loosely by a thread.  John closed his eyes again, seeming to fall straight back to sleep.
Sherlock’s eyebrows furrow and he blinks rapidly.  Is John suggesting what he thinks he’s suggesting?  Sherlock can’t be sure, and if he’s wrong…Christ.
“Yeah! Yeah, yeah, I bought him a couple drinks, got him talking about his time with you.  See, I’m your colleague at the hospital now, and it was so funny that we both knew you, what a coincidence you know?  So he slipped up a bit you, right? And he told me how much he’d liked you, how he just wished you could have been a bit more open about all those feelings you had.  So, after a couple drinks, I got his number.  But don’t worry, I didn’t shag him or anything I’m not that naughty!”  Moriarty laughs, and a very dark, cold feeling enters John’s gut.  He wants to vomit very much but can’t.  He settles for swallowing repeatedly.
He’s grabbing another coffee at six pm.  It’s his fifth cup of the day and he’s only known John four months but he ends up staring at the black trash bin at the coffee shop as some pop song played in the background, thinking
Sherlock’s palm digging into John’s belt, on John’s waist doesn’t register right away.  None of it registers really, until the bright helicopter lights blind him and he raises his hands.
. John kicks the books away and throws the rug over. Nothing. John goes to the sofa next. He pulls the cushions off and then dives underneath. Nothing. He goes to the kitchen. He pulls open every cabinet, every drawer, searches the crisper behind the thumbs he never threw out. John runs to the bathroom. He accidently spills his aftershave on the tile. He opens up every bottle of hair product, just in case there’s somehow something hidden inside the smell of mint and lavender. Nothing.
John got up out of bed and began to get ready to open shop. He showered, shaved, and made his way downstairs to the kitchen, where Phillip was waiting for him.
“Me too,” he says quietly across the table.  He can feel the choke in his throat trying to come out but he won’t let it.  He isn’t sure that would be correct.
“No, I mean. If you don’t mind. I could go to a birthday party. Not my usual thing but this is also not…usual.”
“How could you?  She’s your wife.  The mother of your child.”  Sherlock looked away.  Saying those words, out loud.  The real history and meaning behind them.  They hurt much more than he had anticipated.
“No, no, I’ll just get Mycroft to send me a car,” Sherlock said under his breath. Sherlock pulled his cell phone out of his coat pocket and then swore under his breath. “Dead phone.”
John shakes his head and laughs himself, and he covers his mouth with the back of his hand.  He looks gorgeous.  His eyes are shining and his smile is lovely.  Sherlock shoves down the pang in his chest.  He doesn’t want to already be feeling this, it’s absurd.  He does his best flirtatious voice, from what he can recall.  He hasn’t had a genuine relationship in years but he has faked flirting to get what he wants.  He’s done that plenty.
“What do you want me to say?  I was a coward, Sherlock.  I didn’t think that I had another option.  I didn’t think anything like that with you was possible.”
Everything he has ever done has been for John’s happiness, but Sherlock can’t seem to get it right, as John is here, in his bed, riddled with the grief of all he has lost.
Everyone turned to Harry and she laughed hard, nodding. “I am an alcoholic lesbian whose wife left her and is currently unemployed. Hand that slice over!”
He lets himself fall asleep on the floor and does his best not to think of John, unsuccessfully of course (as always).
Each time they went to bed together, Sherlock felt a steady hurt in the pit of his somewhere, only knowing that this perfection would run dry at some point.  He knew it even when John began to take his wedding ring off and place it on the bedside table.  Sherlock knew because John always put it back on.
“A fraud,” John finishes.  He hates the words coming out of his mouth.  He doesn’t want to worry Sherlock, but this is what’s happening.  Moriarty’s plan.  Sherlock surprises him though.
When Sherlock pulled away, John wanted to pull him back in. He wanted to do anything to make this man stay in his foyer, but John was frozen. He cleared his throat, but got no farther than that when the sound of keys in the front door jarred him enough to move.
Sherlock felt some type of quiet, raw panic.  He flung his entire body out of the bed in one fluid motion and headed for the bathroom.  He began to rip off his clothes before he even closed the door.  He turned the shower onto the hottest setting and gripped his hair so tight he thought he’d make his scalp bleed.
“I’m just not ready Mrs. H.,” John says. He hopes it will suffice. He even tries to look a bit sadder. He does miss Sherlock, so it isn’t terribly hard. She gives him a pitying look, and then sits down at the kitchen table next to him.
The mediator went to speak but Sherlock tapped him on the shoulder and shook his head. Instead, Sherlock spoke with his hands neatly folded in front of him.
John does end up getting a bit more light-headed than he had anticipated, which gives him a little encouragement.  Sherlock is on the other side of the bar, people watching, taking in data, whatever that giant brain of his normally does, and John is putting shots into both of their beers, taking a few extra himself.  It certainly isn’t any worse than Sherlock drugging him, and he just wants him to relax.  He’s been obsessively planning a wedding, he could have a drink.
So, although Sherlock shouts out his High-Functioning-Sociopath excuse whenever he’s out of his depth with social interaction, John knows better.  He is a doctor, after all.  He knows the signs (Sherlock’s turning and fidgeting being obvious stimming) and Sherlock’s intense and quick annoyance with anyone less intelligent than him (taken as rude, but really just exhausting.  The point of idle small-talk isn’t something that makes sense, no Sherlock, no one actually cares about the weather), and the way he keeps his friends because of the role they play (Lestrade for cases, Molly for the bodies, John can only imagine at what strange role he might play, most likely just there for rent).  John knows these signs because he’s a trained doctor and did in fact have to take these courses at University.  Neurodiversity isn’t uncommon, and neither is it uncommon that someone as brilliant and clever as Sherlock Holmes would end up somewhere on the autistic spectrum.  High Functioning as he was, he was not at all a sociopath.  It was an easy, make-shift wall he put up, and though the show was pretty good, John is not as stupid as Sherlock might think he is.
“Sorry,” John said, laughing a little. “I am such an idiot. This whole scenario. It’s something that only happens in dreams. Good dreams. But it’s usually just…dreams. It’s a dream to even be here. With you again.” John felt himself blush and tried to keep his composure.
John knew that would be Harry. He had completely forgotten to warn her in any capacity and to his horror Harry walked into the room and immediately let “Holy fuck!” slip out of her mouth.
“Goodness, I was trying to make small talk and I started talking about bruising on decomposing bodies….though thinking on it I think that he actually didn’t mind that very much.”
