He does so on high alert, taking in the inside of the house. It’s a small cabin, the front door leads to a kitchen and living room space; there seems to be a short hallway between the two that leads to what Dean assumes is the bedroom and a bathroom. In the back corner of the living area, there’s what looks like a shrine with several portrait photos and an assortment of foods. Incense is burning low on the altar.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean, Cas? You just roll over and wait to die?” Dean protests, frustrated at how his voice cracks at the end.
“Do you think Cas would tell us? He hasn’t really been forthcoming with his Hanahaki,” Sam adds worriedly.
“I hope you make it home in time,” she smiles at him despite the solemn reminder of what’s on the line, “and I hope you and Castiel will get your happy ending after all.”
“He was coughing when the witch got him with that dust! And since when do angels just get ‘scratchy throats’ and need
“Cas, that isn’t—” he finally pushes himself up from the bed, unable to hold back any longer, and reaches out to grab Castiel by the shoulder.
He’s a little unsteady when he rises to his feet, gently shrugging Castiel’s hand off of him. He tries to keep the action subtle, but he doesn’t miss Castiel’s jaw tighten as he does so. He watches Castiel’s long fingers slowly curl into a fist.
It must be the right thing to say, because the next thing he knows, strong arms are wrapped around Dean, holding him close. Castiel’s body melts against Dean’s, and Dean savors the feeling of a strong, solid,
“For basically evaporating out of your life?” He looked nonplussed that this hadn’t been at the forefront of Cas’s thoughts. And perhaps his surprise was justified—he couldn’t know that Cas had largely made peace with this last night.
“Uh…” he finally looked up at Cas again, shaking himself a bit. “A while ago, actually.” At Cas’s blank look he added, “as in, February.”
Dean gave him a long look, then rose quickly to close the bedroom door. He returned to his bed and quietly admitted, “Lisa and I broke up.”
But all that logic leaves behind is a more emotional or intellectual interest, and, as we have already established, I honestly don’t feel any more equipped to handle that. I, who have never left this state, and might never have left Angel Farm if not for a certain scholarship. I, who have barely been kissed and have never definitively dated. I, who learned the world through pages and pages of research but have no way to tell the fact from the exaggeration. How can I possibly hope to live up to the regard this exceptional man offers me?
Heavens, I’m rambling more, even, than usual, and this is not the discourse you signed up for. I’m truly sorry, Archangel. Let’s refocus, shall we?
“But—“ at Mary’s and Ellen’s identical looks of motherly intensity, Sam relented. “Okay. You’re right. It’ll be fine.”
“Listen,” he whispers into his empty bedroom. “Jack, I get what you said, I do. And I’m proud as hell, honestly. You’re here and there and everywhere, and humanity doesn’t have to beg to have you with us. That’s how it always shoulda been, if you ask me.
“As a buffer when the whole family freaks out on you?” Cas guessed. But Dean’s tone had turned serious.
Dean looks at him. Scratch that – he gazes. He searches Castiel’s face for something. He makes a decent attempt at peering into Castiel’s soul. And Castiel just lets him, happy to let those beautiful eyes have their way with his own.
So, that’s mostly what I’ve been working on since I last wrote to you, Archangel. Ghost dragons everywhere! Perhaps this will be my legacy or perhaps not, but it has been a very informative ride, either way.
“You’re more than welcome, Dean,” he whispered back, letting Dean draw him in closer, bringing the discussion to an unexpectedly serious close.
“Oh yeah?” There was amusement in Dean’s voice as he spun them around the floor. “That sounds ominous.”
“I’m Dean,” the man continues, giving a little awkward wave where a handshake would usually enter the scene.
So, Castiel pressed on. “I’m looking for…the person who lives here? I’m sorry, but I only know them by a pseudonym.”
That startled a chuckle out of Dean, relaxing away any concern Cas’s laughter had caused. “Definitely how I’m feelin’ at the moment, yeah.
“That’s the spirit,” Cas commented, dryly, just as Ellen’s voice floated up the stairs, calling them down to carry groceries. They both stood to oblige.
Well, surprise! I suppose you thought you were rid of me. And I intended for that to be so, frankly. Your term as my benefactor was up, and I have no further claim to your attention. But I’m lost in a bit of a crisis, you see, and cannot think where else to turn. My need for advice cannot be either quashed or resolved elsewhere.
Cas opened the door to the attic room slowly, half expecting to find a 9-year-old Dean jumping on the bed, or a 16-year-old Dean lounging in swim trunks and reading Lord of the Rings. The light streamed through from the balcony in golden sheets, dancing across the familiar carpet to the feet of the floral-covered twin beds. It even smelled the same, if a tad musty from disuse, and Castiel breathed the memories deeply into his lungs—whispered giggles by flashlight, privately elucidated dreams for the future, strained teenaged heart-to-hearts. This room had been a private haven for Dean and Castiel, the one place in the world where they could go to be alone, to speak their minds and their fears without even Sam or Jo intervening. It hurt to feel so sure those days were firmly in the past.
Option A assumed that Dean had deliberately backed away, wishing, perhaps, to appease his girlfriend or parents-in-law, or even just to escape into a more “normal” kind of life away from their quirky little clan of Kansans. Cas had thought that the impression he’d made on Lisa when they met had been a good one, but one never really knows, right? If she’d sensed Cas’s own yearning for Dean, perhaps she had felt threatened. The whole idea hurt, because he had always thought Dean would be more loyal to his family.
Dean nodded, smirking. “Well, combine Jess’s drive and Sam’s obsessive attention to detail with Mom and Ellen’s aggressive follow through, and you get magic.”
“I’ll make you a plate, I was just about to sit down myself, and I always make extra for leftovers.”
Castiel honest-to-god pouts. His pink lips stick out slightly, and Dean has the sudden urge to kiss the damn frown off his face and give him everything he wants.
Because it isn’t Dean. It can’t be Dean, because Castiel is sick, and if it were Dean, then Dean could fix him.
“Are you sure, Dean? We don’t know how much more time Cas has…” Sam asks again, with that look of pity in his eyes that makes Dean’s stomach twitch uneasily.
“I’ll keep looking into the lore,” Sam turns to Dean as he talks, knowing already that Dean’s the one who needs convincing. “I think we have some copies of Bobby’s old translations of Japanese mythology somewhere. I’ll dig around for those.”
“Our lil’ baby in a trenchcoat is all grown up and in love, got it. So what’s the cure?” Dean’s voice sounds thin and strained, but thankfully, Sam either doesn’t notice or is happy to ignore it because he looks back down at the laptop.
“I understand you want to get back to him quickly, but you have to take care of yourself as well. You have to eat anyway, so why not have a healthy meal before you head back out? Come, tell me about your friend.”
“You don’t have to tell me who it is, but uh, you seem to think this one’s worth putting yourself through hell for. So tell me what makes ‘em so special?”
). His voice is tinny as he presses on, “—if it’s me… Cas, if it could be me, then you’ve got me, man. I’m yours. Always have been from the moment you dragged me out of Hell.”
At least now that his Hanahaki is out in the open, Castiel doesn’t seem to be avoiding Dean anymore. In turn, Dean has been trying to spend more time with the angel; if Castiel won’t let him help cure him, he’ll at least be there to offer comfort as a friend. Castiel either doesn’t notice or doesn’t mind how needy Dean has become, readily allowing the soft touches and constant proximity. If anything, he seems to enjoy the company, although he clearly doesn’t appreciate the doting.
“She’ll learn better soon enough,” Jo offered dryly, earning a punch in the shoulder from her girlfriend and laughs all around.
Becky had suggested a sort of multimedia style writing project, something that is apparently common in the world of fanfiction she inhabits. After ingesting some fascinating examples of the form, which she passed along, I sat down and wrote what amounted to a fictional (and humorous) self-help exchange with a supernatural advice columnist. In this piece, a reader has written in to ask my advice blogger how to get a ghost out of her new home, and over the course of the exchange it becomes clear that the thing was a dragon, in life. And said dragon is very displeased that a human has moved into their home. By the end of the messaging exchange, the woman’s house has burned down, but the angry dragon has “moved on” in peace, and the blogger is about to go on a date with her gorgeous questioner. I enjoyed writing this immensely, and the others tell me that my trademark dry humor lent itself to the form quite nicely.
Dean looked at Cas thoughtfully, seemingly battling with a decision of his own. “I’m glad Lisa wasn’t here.”
“I do, though,” Cas cut in. “I was given strict instructions, because this is your engagement/bachelor gift from my father. He is so disappointed that he can’t be here this weekend, but he sends all his love from Venice.”
Chuckling drily, Dean took Cas’s waist. “Yes, we do. Ellen will be watching, even if Mom isn’t. Come on.”
There was a highly entertaining moment around 3 PM where Sam began to panic about how much there was left to do, hands on his hips and voice rising in pitch, in true Sam fashion. Much of the large group was enjoying a late lunch on the front porch as this began, and so ended up witnessing the full arc of Sam’s unravelling from start to finish. Bobby only let it go on for a couple of minutes before he smacked the groom lightly upside the head and sent him inside for a sandwich and a lemonade, crisis effectively averted with the simple phrase, “most of this is already half done, idjit.”
“No. I rent a very small ‘house’,” Cas corrected, smiling slightly as he acted out quotations with his hands.
The story spirals out from there— the siblings end up taking the odd young man under their collective wing, since he is also hunting supernatural evils but has very little experience with such things. Soon enough he is one of them, and as things escalate it becomes clear that our orphan isn’t so much the “ordinary dude” his new friends assumed, and that his bond with the elder brother is far more complex than any of them anticipated.
“True,” Castiel offered, unsettled by the bitterness in Dean’s tone. He was really furious with himself about this, wasn’t he? And he was taking all the blame for it upon himself. Which seemed to be very ‘on brand’ for Dean Winchester, but perhaps he was overdoing it this time. Castiel was not blameless, and he needed to set his own record straight, just as he had intended to do during their meeting tomorrow. “But you’re forgetting I lied to you, too.”
Dean wasn’t far behind, and gazed around with a reminiscent smile. “Man, just like old times.” He dropped his bag at the foot of his bed and plopped down, facing Castiel. “So, how are you, dude? I feel like I haven’t talked to you in forever!”
This cheeky line earned Dean a head slap. But it was followed by a kiss, so he probably didn’t mind so much.
Somehow, Archangel, without realizing it or ever having planned it, I seem to have begun writing a novel.
“Yeah, good call.” An awkward silence descended on the room, charged with a healthy dose of uncertain anticipation. “What about you, Cas? Are you gonna kick my ass for keeping it from you all this time?”
It wasn’t Dean’s wedding, of course. Thank goodness. Though, it was probably only a matter of time on that front as well. Dean had settled down in Florida with Lisa about 5 years ago, and had never given any hint of looking back. He was happy with her, that had been clear since the two first connected in college, at least as far as Cas could tell. It seemed the once wild boy was settling down to a sensible adult life much sooner than any of the family had anticipated, complete with marriage and mortgage. It sounded distressingly idyllic.
“You know how much I love your work, Cas,” he had said, earnest and sincere as always. “That portrait you took of Jess and I last Christmas is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. And I know you’d capture our wedding perfectly. But,” he had paused then, and looked dead into the camera with his most hopeful puppy dog eyes. “I’d really like it if you’d be one of my grooms-people, Cas. You’re my brother, you know? In all the ways that matter. I want you to share this with us, and I don’t want you to have to work at the same time, you know? I mean, I get that you love being a photographer, but it’s also work, right?”
What else? Well, I finished and polished up a new piece recently, a comedic short story reimagining of a biblical scene, of all things. It’s that moment early in the Christmas story where the Angel Gabriel comes to tell Mary she’s going to mother the son of God. Except, in this telling, Gabriel is a complete brat—an overly casual, vaguely bored jackass, making snotty jokes and slightly lewd references while he sucks on a lollipop and completely upends poor teenage Mary’s entire world. There’s something deeply disturbing about Mary, who I’ve always maintained got the raw end of the whole “human inducted into the divine” deal, being callously introduced to her role by a male-presenting being who thinks it’s all simply hilarious. Plus, I’ve always enjoyed the idea of the Christian angels having extreme personalities. Especially if those personalities lean perilously close to “asshole”. In all honesty, it’s the sort of day dream I used to have during childhood Sundays while Naomi and I sat through a third straight hour of Bible study in the chapel, (a game of High-Stakes Devout Chicken she liked to play with the other church ladies). The way I see it, power tends to corrupt humans with such regularity, so can these angels REALLY be all that different? Doubtful. There’s got to be a bad egg or two. Or, at least, a dork among their ranks somewhere. And the whole angelic order just reeks of Patriarchal Nonsense. Hence sassy dick Gabriel.
Castiel had no idea what to do with that particular minefield, so he shifted to another nagging question. “And the, uh. The last letter? From this week? Did you read it?”
At this, Sam finally looked up, the ghost of his ‘concerned brother’ look crossing his face. “Well, Dean is.”
Thankfully, the incomparable Mary Winchester saved him from having to respond. “What’s this about Rufus, then?”
Dean whirled around, foot on the bottom stair. “You will do no such thing. They have 20 more minutes, and if you go near that oven I swear I will put Nair in your shampoo on the eve of your wedding.” Then he turned and started up the stairs like nothing had happened.
On Friday, the girls tried their hardest to get us to go downhill skiing, but Dean and I both ultimately declined. He is apparently quite uncomfortable with heights, and after the cross-country debacle of earlier in the week I did not have confidence my body would make it down a hill in one complete piece. The result was a day alone with Dean, and it went remarkably well, despite my initial nerves.
Mary lit up with a radiant smile. “Of course it is! How lovely. We’ll get to actually catch up with you, finally, since we didn’t get much downtime this weekend.” With a tender pat to Cas’s cheek, she added, “You know you’re always welcome, Castiel.”
“What are…” he began, but the question died as he realized how little information he had to work with here. Instead, in a wild effort to find something polite to say, he tried, “Do you know…?” But, then, he didn’t have a name, did he? Heavens, this was a disaster.
As you are, apparently, aware, my name is Castiel Novak, I am 22 years old, and I have quite recently graduated from the University of Michigan at Flint. I grew up on a small dairy farm outside Grand Blanc, Michigan, where I was raised by a woman who now fosters a number of children.
And, Archangel, since I see you have not heeded my warning about spoiling me with your generosity, I suppose there is no point in my reiterating the point now. You are more than I deserve, and I hope you know how deeply that is appreciated.
“Shit,” Dean exclaimed softly, as the unmistakable melody of the Chicken Dance blasted through the hall. Dean opened his eyes, a shameful smirk spreading over his face as he released Cas from his arms. “You might want to get out of the line of fire,” he suggested. “He might actually kick my ass this time.”
Kevin, the sort of perfectionist who puts even the rest of us to shame, is being encouraged to relax his style to see what new can bloom through. His writing is often dense and intense, so Jody wants him to try something comedic— bits of satire, or sitcom scripts, or even standup sets— something wholly new and outside his comfort zone, either running with the formulas of the genre or breaking all the rules, depending on his mood.
When they eventually released each other, Dean looked at least as wrecked as Cas felt, gazing right back and panting in the wake. “Okay then,” he said, clearing his throat with his patented smirk back in place. He squeezed Cas one more time, tilting their foreheads together, and said, “see you at home.”
“I know it’s a weird…this shit only happens in sitcoms, right? That’s what I thought, but,” he hooks his thumb back toward his own house. “Lisa’s making cookies, and she honest to god ran out of sugar halfway through the recipe. And the grocery stores all get mobbed in the evenings, these days, you know? So, I figured since you’re here and I sorta know you, I should see if maybe you could help out so nobody has to risk a store full of strangers.”
What else? Well, Garth’s mother has been sending some increasingly elaborate gift baskets, and he has been quite happy to share with the rest of us. The last one was quite impressive, I must say. (Though not nearly as impressive as my irises, I assure you!) But, well, it’s hard to top a box that quite literally explodes in a shower of candy upon opening. Though, I imagine Garth and Kevin won’t enjoy having glitter coating their possessions for the rest of time.
With a tiny pause, Dean nods at this unreal comment, and starts to turn. “Well, I’ll get this over to Lisa so you can have the rest back ASAP.”
“I…no, I thought you lived…” He feels supremely silly, and now he feels like he’s treading in even weirder territory than he was five minutes ago. Because Dean does not live with Lisa, apparently, and therefore Cas has no clue what is happening with that whole situation. He just trails off awkwardly, until Dean picks up on what he was getting at.
Castiel is not going to ask Gabe about the Braedens or their daughter and possible son-in-law. He’s unbelievably lucky that Gabe was already off at med school when Castiel graduated, and thus was not around to notice his little brother’s clear crush on the neighbor’s boyfriend. He is NOT going to give him a scent of that now.
I suppose I misspoke (miswrote?) just now – I had “interacted” with a smartphone before last month. Hannah has had one as long as I’ve known her, so I observed her using it when we were in classes or studying together. I never really handled the thing, though. Same goes for my classmates here at the Garden – I’ve observed their use of their own phones, even watched things on their screens, but I never really worked with them myself.
“Honestly? I was kind of looking forward to having stuff to do all morning. Something to focus on other than, you know…” Sam trailed off.
(Not to mention the stipend, which is generous on its own and will set me on an excellent track after the program ends.)
“Common misconception,” Dean allows. “But you assumed wrong on that one, too. In fact, you met my most recent ex earlier tonight.”
Apparently surprised, Dean muffled out, “Cas…”. But Castiel was not going to let this moment get away. He backed up just a hair’s breadth to raise his eyebrows at Dean. They stared, their gaze a physical thing there in the inch of space between them, as Dean checked for whatever he had been planning to ask about. Certainty, most likely. Well, Castiel had been wishing for this for nearly a year, and he was done with hiding the fact. There was no point now – he had no doubt admitted his love in writing several times over.
More unfortunate than wandering thoughts, however, is the excessive paranoia they have ushered in with them. This was, as has been stated, the one person Castiel openly prayed would not see him slinking back home with the stub of his proverbial tail between his legs, and that has not changed.
Perhaps this shouldn’t matter. I still achieved something great here, and I was heartily praised for it. Dean even brought me flowers – jonquils, apparently – which was painfully sweet of him. But I barely had a chance to thank him, in the end, and even as I did he seemed a million miles away. Balthazar hauled in champagne for Meg and I, later in the evening, but I can’t imagine my gratitude for his kindness rang particularly true. It is jarring to feel entirely alone while surrounded by friends.
So, he took a deep breath, opened the door, and resolved to just slip the envelope in the mail slot and be on his way. Hopefully Archangel didn’t have a dog that would tear it apart before it was found.
“Honey, there are eleven other people in this house this morning. Plus, Rick, Trevor, and Kevin offered to drive over at noon to lend a hand as well. We can handle this.”
As soon as he popped open the trunk, Cas understood exactly why Dean had needed his help with this task. The trunk was packed completely full, with two large suitcases and a number of duffels stuffed in around the guitar case. As he liberated the instrument and headed back toward the group, Cas’s mind whirled. That very well might have been everything Dean owned packed into the trunk of his car. Or, at least everything he had brought with him when he moved away from home after college, minus furniture. It made sense that he wasn’t living with Lisa any more, given that they were no longer together, but this made it look like perhaps he didn’t intend to return to Florida at all after the wedding. No wonder he hadn’t wanted Jo near the car.
“And there are some true car lovers around the city who love their classics. I bet you could find a number of specialty garages to work at, at least for a start. Maybe even start your own business if you don’t find what you’re looking for. I have to think there’s a serious market for your sort of focus throughout the Metro Area.
Dean doesn’t tell Sam about any of it. They settle into a life without an urgent threat, enjoying the bunker and the freedom and the world a little bit more. And each day, they pick a member of their extended family network, and try to determine if they came back when humanity was restored, or if they simply moved on.
It’s freeing in more ways than he could have anticipated, that deep truth. All of a sudden, the responsibilities are personal and the outside forces are more like noise. Who cares what people like Dad would think of him in the context of the world now. All those people out there are lucky they get to be in the world at all again, and what they think of Dean’s needs and wants and desires is their own problem. They’re in charge of their own stories too. That is their power and also his own.
Enough about the past, then. I’m sick of it, honestly, and I defy the belief that all writers must be maudlin and subtle in their self-reflection. I am being set free from one hell of a cage, and I am determined to add a bit of irreverence to my life. (At least in writing—I’m told I come off as “odd, serious, and dryly witty” in person. And yes, “Odd” always comes first...)
As Cas turned to head up the hill toward the parked cars, he heard Jo ask, “What gives, Winchester?”
The teasing landed perfectly, and Dean jumped in right away. “No way, any ideas are welcome on that score.” Then, in an almost flirty tone that made Castiel deeply regret his ‘no eye contact’ plan, he added, “I am definitely interested.”
“Neither can he,” Dean admits with a grim exhaling laugh. “But he’s always been headed for a nice settled life with a good fight for him to focus on, so he’s in the right spot.”
Dean clearly agreed. “I’d place bets he’ll see it as a foregone conclusion once he hears Florida’s in my rearview.”
As the opening chords of “Back in the USSR” blared through his ageing speakers, Cas tried to relax. It would be fine. Yes, he would be dateless at a wedding watching Dean and Lisa dance together in a blissful little bubble of joy. But he wouldn’t really be alone, would he? Their family, unconventional though it already was, had sprawled out over the years. Ellen had eventually married Bobby Singer, so he and his buddy Rufus made an amusing, ornery little fixture in the corner of any family event. Cas’s high school best friend, Charlie Bradbury, had always been welcome with the Winchesters, but when her mother’s failing health pulled her back to Lawrence after college, she had started dating Jo, and the rest was history. She was an honorary Harvelle, at this point.
In the dark hours, as he tries to fall asleep, he wonders if Jack will act on his own. Castiel was his father more than anyone, after all. Is he, even now, pulling back the curtain to free Cas from the Empty? He wouldn’t just leave him there, would he? After everything? “Hands off” is one thing, but allowing the one who fought hardest for your life to drown in eternal nothingness is a little extreme. Right?
Pursing her lips, Mary rubbed at her temples. “Alright, alright, fine. I hate this, but you’re not entirely wrong.” The admission looked like it cost her, and she quickly pointed her finger at Dean to add, “Doesn’t mean I’m done being mad.”
“Came back for his funeral,” he offers with a dark chuckle. “Ran into Lisa at the Roadhouse that night, a couple drinks in. She talked me out of bolting again, starting over in yet another town someplace. Offered to let me stay here.” He gestures at the garage.
“Addison,” she declared. “Addison Moore-Collins. What’s yours?” When Cas told her, she wrinkled her nose slightly and tilted her head in consideration. “Cass-tee-ell?”
“I—” Dean stared at him for a moment, measuring. Based on whatever he found there in Castiel’s eyes, he took a breath and carefully said, “I think you brought up an excellent point about the…dangers. I’d bet he’s just as terrified of losing the friendship as you are.” In a flash, his gaze intensified. “But I’m pretty sure he’ll forgive your worry about not telling him everything yet. You’re entitled to your secrets.”
Even with the small army of helpers, the morning was a busy one. They needed setup complete before 1:00 at the latest so that everyone could get cleaned up and dressed before guests started arriving. Cas, wanting to be as useful as humanly possible, bounced from task to task without complaint, and by the time Rick, Trevor, and Kevin arrived, the space was really coming together. The yard had a soft, rustic feel, with old, mismatched rugs laid out in front of the huge tree that would stand as the altar, and draped over the hay bales at the fire pit for the reception. One long, slim, blue rug was laid out as the aisle, running up between the chairs and around to the side of the barn for the procession, and it had been lined with small bundles of wildflowers, expertly arranged by Charlie in borrowed brightly-colored vases. They had set out rows of folding chairs, and decorated the tables behind the guest’s seats, which overflowed with the weather aids Cas had helped sticker the day before. Parking instruction signs, painted on stakes, were set up along the lawn to ease the guests’ arrival, and dresses and suits were steamed and pressed en masse in the living room. The trio from the Moore’s hotel arrived around the same time as Dean’s college friend Aaron, who would be acting as the DJ during the reception, so they graciously helped him set up his equipment in the corner of the barn. Along the other side, Ellen directed the caterers to get the buffet laid out for dinner, placing what was needed so that food could be brought in seamlessly after the ceremony.
Apparently uncomfortable once again, Dean gave an awkward self-deprecating laugh and made to get up, but Cas was having none of it. “Oh, for fuck’s sake,” he exclaimed, and pulled Dean back down for a strange horizontal hug.
Heavens, Archangel, this letter is impressively lengthy already, isn’t it? Especially when one considers that I am not currently at school, and therefore have not been writing to you about classwork. But, then, I suppose this is to be expected when a writer is handed such a juicy tale. Perhaps it can’t be helped.
If the song wasn’t so on the nose, it would be fine. But deep down, Cas was fully aware that he had been in love with Dean Winchester, to some degree, since at least the age of 14. That had been a complicated epiphany to reckon with, especially while he was in the midst of coming out. And when, a couple of years later, Dean himself had come out as bisexual? Well, that had been downright terrifying. It had been one thing when his best friend was simply “the golden boy”, the wonderful but unattainable straight kid that he would pine for until his dying day with no hope of returned affections. But the actual possibility of it was almost worse. They had always been so close, not quite brothers, but much more than friends, and Cas had been unwilling to risk that bond for a selfish desire. So, he had kept his feelings to himself, dated others, and moved on. Or, well, moved forward, at least.
As they reached the second-floor landing, Cas murmured, “I can’t decide if that makes you a great Best Man or a terrible son.”
That is not to say that I plan to stop writing to you, of course. I fully understand the guidelines of my scholarship, and have no intention of shirking them, as I am truly grateful for your generosity. I do not wish to sound churlish in my explanation today. You have utterly changed my life, giving me a view down a path I have long dreamed of treading. But, from today, I intend to show my gratitude with reports of my work, rather than rambling descriptions of an inner life unrelated to your world. This seems more appropriate, anyway, I suppose.
Castiel smiles, and decides to just get the awkwardness over and done. “Life’s not precisely ideal,” he admits, looking down at his hands as his smile turns sad. “I’m out of a job, so I’m out of a house, living in my brother’s spare room while he spends all his time at the hospital or sleeping.”
When I arrived a few hours ago, I immediately pulled Jo aside to discuss her course of study over the next week and a half. I think I told you that she’s considering a renewed attempt at undergrad – she came right to work for her mother after high school, but is now contemplating a change, and will need to undergo the usual testing. She is an incredibly bright young woman— I have a feeling my function to her will be more as a refresher of unused subjects than an actual teacher. We’ve set up some times, and discussed the various subjects we will cover, so we’ll dive into that tomorrow. Ellen has been so kind to invite me back, so I hope I can at least begin to repay her thoughtfulness by encouraging Jo in her academic aspirations. I’m glad I have something to offer in thanks— it makes my return feel less like an imposition.
“Of course not,” she replied. “This ain’t a hotel, boy.” Sam clutched the manuscript close to his chest and gave Charlie his most defiant look. It wasn’t particularly intimidating, but, then, Sam had always been more puppy than attack dog.
He considers letting him know about his revelation like this—praying his confession in hopes that someone’s listening. But as terrified as he is, Dean needs to do this in person. He needs to look Castiel in the eye, make sure he understands.
He utters the words with conviction, like he’s never been more sure of anything in his life, and they hit Dean with such force that he can’t formulate a prompt response. His mouth goes dry and his eyes sting with heat.
love, Dean knew that just because Castiel “gripped him tight and raised him from perdition,” or because he rebelled against heaven for him, or because they share a “profound bond” (
Dean can’t wipe the smirk off his face—something about a blanket-burritoed Cas asking him a serious question about Superman and Lois Lane just seems to do that to him—as he tries to settle back into his recliner, the looming stress of Cas’ illness alleviated for the moment.
She hums thoughtfully. “Hanahaki can take about three weeks to six months to take a life… it all depends on the circumstances.”
Sam points toward the text on the screen as he keeps reading. “If the disease is left untreated, the roots of the flower will grow to fill the lungs, causing asphyxiation.”
It’s all for the best, though, Dean reminds himself. Even if Castiel, by some lapse of judgement, did love Dean, there was no way Dean could love him back in the way that he deserved; Dean would inevitably let him down. Just like he does with everyone else he cares about.
“It could explain how Lois Lane might miss that the object of her affections was right in front of her the whole time.”
It’s the most honest he’s ever been, in regards to his feelings for the angel, but Dean can still barely get the words out, as if that would make the dire situation any more real.
“Dean—” Castiel’s voice is raspy, his throat no doubt scratched up by expelling the plant, but it does nothing to deter from the reverence that fills the single syllable. How did Dean never hear it before? Finally, as if he’s just coming back to himself, Castiel narrows his eyes in a squint. He tilts his head, clearly confused, and Dean feels his heart swell at the familiar gesture. “—you, how did you…? But I thought you didn’t...”
whatever is lodged in his throat, blocking his airway. With a final heaving gasp, Castiel spits out something much larger. It falls to the floor with a dull thud.
“Gardenias symbolize secret love. People used to use them to communicate their feelings when they weren’t able to express them in words. When they’re white, they also symbolize pure or innocent love. That’s why you see them a lot in weddings, too.”
But of course, it isn’t fine. Because Castiel won’t talk to Dean, and that just doesn’t sit right with him.
Sam shakes his head, shoulders slumped. “From the sounds of it, most witches don’t even know of Hanahaki. Those that do, only know it as ancient natural magic—untouchable stuff.”
Which is why he isn’t surprised when Sam corners him in the kitchen one evening—one of the few places where he can be found without the angel these days. Dean leans against the counter, already releasing a tired exhale. He wants nothing to do with the conversation that’s about to happen.
The thought echoes loud in Dean’s head. So blatantly clear, now on the brink of losing the angel.  He loves Castiel. The room suddenly feels a few degrees hotter, he can hear his heartbeat quicken in his ears, and he feels his stomach churn uncomfortably at the revelation. He should say something, he needs to say something. Anything.
Wordlessly, his fingers trace the lines of the angel’s face. From his forehead, to his temple, to the line of his cheeks, to his sharp jaw… he cups Castiel’s jaw with his hand, letting his thumb gently rub the ridge of his cheekbones. Castiel’s eyes fall closed, his long lashes fanning out over his cheekbones, and he releases a soft, whistling sigh. And he’s so close, so pliant under his hand—Dean could just, lean in, and…
As bad as Dean had known it was going to get, he wasn’t quite ready to see Castiel, who once led garrisons of angels in war, bedridden. The curse had progressed to the point where he could no longer walk across the room without keeling over coughing, and while it took some convincing, the brothers managed to get him to agree to stay in his room until they could figure out a game plan. The same game plan they’ve been working on since finding out Castiel had Hanahaki. The nonexistent game plan.
He’s in the middle of a story about the time Sam and he got into trouble for charging PPV to a motel room while John was out on a hunt (okay, maybe it was just Dean), when there’s a quiet knock at the door.
“Dean, I’m sure. You should have gone for the amulet,” he huffs gruffly. With clear annoyance he adds, “or shot her.”
“I’ve got you,” he says, wrapping an arm around Castiel’s back and making sure he’s supported as the angel slowly gets himself out of bed. Dean never appreciated until now how the two just seem to
“Who are you, and what do you want?” Her voice is calm and confident, forceful in a way that tells Dean this isn’t her first rodeo. There’s just a faint remnant of an accent that wraps around her vowels, as if her mouth is questioning the sounds she creates. Her words are anything but questioning.
But even more terrifying, is the possibility of losing Castiel. Which is the only reason why Dean’s banking it all in the smallest of hopes that maybe, just maybe, Castiel may have shit taste in men. And what if—Dean lets himself wonder—what if it
Castiel turns around to look at him again, his piercing eyes stare straight into Dean’s. They’re a little warmer this time, like
She doesn’t stop Dean from crossing her yard, but the lack of rustling behind the door tells Dean that she most likely still has a gun pointed at him. He slows down as he nears the door.
“Pretty sure you can’t convince someone to love you, Sam,” Dean repeats Castiel’s words quietly. “Cas needs his family, he needs us. What good’s going to come from someone he trusts as his friend blindsiding him like that? Why make him feel guilty in what might be his last…”
Castiel doesn’t hug back immediately, but the arm not carrying his weight hovers above Dean’s back. With a voice so soft that Dean almost misses it, he asks, “Did you mean it? Or were you just attempting to save me…?”
. Sam’s voice echoes unhelpfully through Dean’s short-circuited brain. He can feel Sam’s stare as he takes a minute to process this information.
With that spelled out, Dean's eyes darted up to meet his brother's. He never once considered the possibility that Castiel might be attracted to men, and if he's completely honest with himself, he isn't sure how he feels about that. Because if Castiel can feel attraction to men, that means...
“Son of a bitch!” He braces himself for another blow—he’s been tossed around by his fair share of witches—but it never comes. Instead, with a flip of her wrist the bitch brings the amulet flying into her grasp.
That gets all three of them back into action. Dean still keeps a close eye on Castiel, but other than a few hems here and there, he really does seem fine; no more aggressive coughing fits or desperate gasps for air. So against his better judgement, Dean drops the matter—for now.
Lex Luthor is screaming on screen, and it’s just one too many sounds for Dean to be able to focus. He pauses the movie and turns his full attention back to Castiel, whose shoulders are still heaving, but he seems to at least be able to take in drags of air now.
Castiel’s breathing starts to even out after that. His shoulders heave with each shaky breath, but the coughing stops. He looks resigned as he slowly opens his clenched fist to reveal a handful of bloodstained white petals. Dean feels the blood drain from his face.
Dean did feel a certain way about Cas, Dean is poison. His life as a hunter is not suited for relationships, not to mention the people closest to him all seem to end up dead. So again, he reminds himself it’s a good thing that Castiel doesn’t love him. Not to mention having feelings is one thing, but
“I gotta check in with Sam about a case.” Dean’s voice comes out thick with emotion, but he rambles on in hopes that Castiel won’t comment on it, “You wanna keep watching the movie?”
“Cas... Cas, the roots,” Dean can barely form the words. He can’t look away from those piercing eyes.
“I kinda rocked your world, huh?” He waggles his eyebrows up at Castiel, who squints down at him grumpily.
“What?” The single word is laced with all the disbelief, confusion, and—because Dean clearly hasn’t learned his lesson yet—hope.
about him,” Dean gripes, offended, but quickly returns to the crux of the conversation, “No, you’re missing the point. Or, you know, he’s staring at me weird.”
Dread turns to a heavy pit in Dean’s stomach. He’s trying to focus on the witch, figure out a way to reverse whatever spell she may have cast on Castiel, but the angel is still gasping for air a few feet away, and Dean is itching to check in on him. The witch is eerily at ease, her thin lips curling upwards as she eyes Dean curiously.
“So, uh… why didn’t you tell me about this special someone, huh? I could’ve given you some tips,” Dean aims for lighthearted, but his laugh falls flat even to his own ears. Castiel groans in response.
Castiel regards him with his usual scowl, squinting slightly as if he’s trying to solve Dean like a puzzle. The light catches him just at the right angle where those blue eyes seem to glow under the fluorescents. It’s the kind of look that gets Dean a bit hot under the collar, and—shit, he’s doing that staring thing again. Dean can rarely bring himself to look away when he finds himself under the angel’s scrutiny. He stares right back, as if he’s goading (begging?) Castiel to figure him out; equal parts curious and terrified of what Castiel might find in his gaze.
“I can heal myself and delay the progression, but I can’t get rid of the roots.” Castiel sounds apathetic as he adds the newest batch of petals to the garbage bin. “The curse seems to affect angels the same way it does humans. But I have time. We can try and find another way.”
It starts with a soft and hesitant brushing of their lips. As if they’re both testing this out, making sure it’s what they want (as if Dean hasn’t imagined this—and more—late at night, in his weakest, most vulnerable moments). But when he hears Castiel’s silent gasp as their lips part, he can’t help but go in for more. Their lips slot together perfectly, and Dean feels a jolt of electricity run up his spine.
Relief is finally catching up to Dean as a smile spreads on his face. The panic from the moment before is replaced by giddiness because the roots of Castiel’s Hanahaki are lying on the floor, and that can only mean one thing.
“For the hundredth time,” Dean sighs, “Yes, I’m sure. Besides, if we left it to you and your grandma driving, there’s no way you’d make it back in time.” The joke falls flat, but Sam huffs an annoyed laugh, regardless. Realistically, Dean knows Sam’s concerns are valid.
let Sam be the one to go so that he can stay here by Cas’ side. He shakes his head, dispelling the thought even as it rises.
“What the fuck.” The whisper escapes his mouth without thought. He pockets a few to bring back to Sam, hastily straightening out the areas he’s investigated.
Sam huffs through flared nostrils, his arms now folded over his chest. "I didn't expect you to react like this.” He sounds disappointed, which is what finally brings Dean to look at him.
Dean winces at the bright light that fills his eyes, but doesn’t miss a beat in exchanging his knife for the Colt again. As his vision clears, the first thing he sees is the witch blowing something (some sort of dust? Ash?) in Castiel’s face. Dean’s brain catches up right around when she’s reciting a short spell.
They sit down to eat at Misaki’s simple wooden table. An array of food is laid out, and Dean’s mouth waters despite himself. “Miso soup, rice, ginger pork, and salad,” she pointed each out to him when she noticed him staring at the unfamiliar dishes. Misaki drives the conversation, asking Dean questions about Castiel, expertly drawing stories out of him as they go.
Days pass, their research leads nowhere, and Castiel keeps getting sicker. He’ll be fine one moment and be doubled down in a fit of coughs the next. The symptoms seem to be progressing faster than it had in the first week after he’d been cursed, and Dean can no longer deny that it scares the shit out of him. His heart sinks every time he sees those fucking petals spill out of Cas, and he thinks he wouldn’t mind going without seeing another flower for the rest of his life if it meant Cas no longer had to spit them up.
Dean drops Castiel’s hand like he’s been burnt. He thinks he hears a small hitch in Castiel’s strangled wheeze, but by the time Dean can even question it, his breath evens back out to his shallow hisses. Sam pokes his head into the room, looking anxious as he jerks his head to beckon Dean to the library. Dean nods without a word, but turns back to the angel before leaving.
Castiel’s eyes sag at the edges. He reaches an arm out, hesitating slightly before clasping his hand on Dean’s shoulder. It’s meant to be comforting, Dean knows. And to a certain degree it is, but after hearing Castiel declare his love for another man that could never be Dean, it feels like a hollow imitation of the touch that Dean actually craves.
He's looking straight at Dean, clearly waiting for him to catch on. Dean arches his eyebrows and shakes his head at him, prompting him to keep going because he doesn't get where Sam's trying to go with this.
him all the more unbearable. If only it were true. If only the sparkle in those blue eyes meant something more. If only it was Dean. Then, then—
“So if you knew about her from the get-go why are you just now telling me about her?” He can’t help the frustration that seeps into his voice. It’s been two weeks since Castiel started deteriorating, and anyone with eyes could see that he’s at the tail end of the disease at this point.
There’s that stinging heat at the back of his eyes and a somewhat delirious, nervous energy thrumming right below his skin. With a trembling huff of half-laughter, half-sigh, he cradles Castiel’s face with both hands.
?” He squawks, pointing at the flower that is perched on Castiel’s desk, right next to the photo of Sam, Cas, and him that Dean printed for Castiel to put up.
"I think it's possible. And uh, I don't know, Dean… if I were to guess," Sam's eyes are shifting uncomfortably, wandering from one corner of the room to another, and it puts Dean further on edge. "I feel like the logical choice would be, well… you."
“Whoa, you alright there, buddy?” Dean’s hand switches trajectory and starts patting the angel on the back instead, but the coughing fit doesn’t seem to subside.
Dean might be offended if he weren’t so relieved, but in the moment the words only make him hold on tighter. “C’mon, Cas. You know it wouldn’t have worked if it weren’t true.”
Dean sees it for the first time when he’s rummaging for his headphones in Castiel’s room. He thinks he must be mistaken, except for the fact that he could never forget those white petals for as long as he lives.
“Dean, we’ve been over this,” Castiel whispers, the sadness in his voice stabs Dean right in his heart.
“Hey, hey hey, buddy, you with me?” He brings a trembling hand to Castiel’s shoulder, rubbing roughly at the sleeves of the trench coat. When he doesn’t respond, Dean’s hand travels up to cup Castiel’s cheek and pulls his face to look at him. His brows are pinched in pain, but Dean notices that his breathing has calmed down some.
“When I was first asking around our contacts about Hanahaki, there was one name that kept coming up—Misaki. She’s a
He kneels by Castiel’s chair without ever lifting his touch from the man. “I got you, man. You’re okay, I got you,” he mutters helplessly. Then finally, Dean sees a speck of white and red between Castiel’s fingers that are cupped over his mouth. They seem to fill his hand with each wet cough.
The angel, to absolutely no one’s surprise, is not forthcoming about the supposed love of his life who may determine his fate.
"No, Sammy. I don't—listen, let's just cut the chick flick crap and figure out a way to save the guy, okay?"
So he just sits with him, helplessly. He tries to comfort Castiel himself, as best he can, which is the excuse he gives himself the first time he holds Castiel’s hand in his. Castiel doesn’t seem to mind. If anything, the tender smile that shines through his eyes the first time Dean does it convinces Dean it’s worth the embarrassment. It becomes part of his routine when he sits beside Castiel. He sits down, takes his hand, leans in close and talks. He tells Castiel stories, and Cas huffs and wheezes in response the best he can as he listens along. If Castiel starts coughing, he uses his open hand to rub gentle circles on his back, but he never lets go of Cas’ hand when it’s just the two of them.
“I’ll be right back, ‘kay buddy?” He gently grips Castiel’s shoulder, getting a weak smile in response.
Realizing he’s not getting anywhere, Dean tries to soften his approach. He uncrosses his arms and walks up to the angel. “C’mon, Cas. We’re worried about you, man.”
“My name’s Dean Winchester,” Dean calls back, crossing the yard as he does so. “I’ve got a friend in trouble, and rumor is, you might be able to help him out.”
Dean feels Castiel’s fingers twitch in his hands, and his eyes dart up to meet infinite blue. Castiel’s eyes are trained on him, shockingly clear for someone who otherwise seems to be on his deathbed. His irises shake with the struggle for air, but he’s there, and he’s listening.
His voice is gruffer than usual when he finally opens his mouth, "so you think Cas is in love with a dude.”
Dean recalls Misaki telling him that the curse was two-fold. Well, apparently so is the cure. It may be Dean’s reciprocation that saved Castiel, but this? Dean doesn’t know if he’s ever felt this way before. The relief, the exhilaration, the unbridled joy of love requited.
Apparently that had successfully covered Cas’s confusion, because Dean grinned and said, “Damn right.” But then he wrapped his arm around his friend’s shoulder, and Cas had to dig deep for the strength to not tense up. Or lean in. Or rest his head on the shoulder directly to his left. He was doomed. Because Dean was smiling crookedly and looking him dead in the eye as he said, “I’m glad you made it, man.”
And, there it was: the sentence that made Cas short circuit. This was actually happening, and here Cas was having a crisis, and he desperately needed to figure out how to respond. Unable to find an alternative plan, he decided to own up. “Well,” he said, swallowing his last ounce of pride, along with its accompanying panic. “Right back at you.”
The battles in my heart have been myriad this summer, Archangel, as I’m sure you can see. The heights were beautiful and the depths were unpleasant, and I do not know how I can ever hope to reconcile it all. A reckless part of me gazed upon Dean in the light of the drive-in screen and wanted desperately to kiss his laughing lips with all the appreciation my heart has built up in our months of acquaintance. But the Naomi-tinged voice of my most cynical conscience rang through with a laundry list of contrary points. I am nothing in comparison to him, most of all— can I guarantee that any reason I might have for accepting his devotion is “the right reason”? And what absurdity even makes me think I will ever have the chance to find out?
“But remember, I can see your bedroom light from here. Lights out is in an hour and ten. And I’ll know if you cheat – that blue light travels.”
However— and, Archangel, please understand how grateful I truly am for everything you are— I do not feel I can accept your offer of continued sponsorship next year.
“Does it? Cause I have absolutely no plan, apart from a visit to my parents’ place. Sounds pretty unreasonable to me.” He dropped his head into his hands. “I’m basically homeless, Cas.”
Cas chuckled, the return of Dean’s usual teasing superiority putting him at ease. “What about your friends there?”
But Dean waved him off. “I know, that’s a bit of an exaggeration. But that’s sure what it feels like.”
(Please forgive my lack of polish as I try to explain? We truly were up all night, and I could not wait to put this down, so I am tragically sleep deprived. I am not certain, for example, that “epiphanistic” is a legitimate English word. But within this warm bubble of dawn where people can learn from each other and make the world grow whole, I cannot be bothered to care about anything as trivial as proper English.)
She headed off across the room toward the catering refrigerators, looking much more relaxed than she had on her approach. Cas took Dean’s hand to lead him out to the floor, noticing with trepidation that Ellen was giving him a look. The kind that deserved to be pronounced with a capital “L”. The kind she had given him the day before upon catching him ogling Dean on a ladder. But, he thought, a more encouraging version of that particular Look. That could be a problem—Ellen was too sharp for Cas’s own good. But he’d deal with that later. Right now, he was standing with Dean in the middle of a crowd of couples while Led Zeppelin’s “Rain Song” turned the mood slow and tender, and he internally cursed himself for this gross miscalculation.
With that, Sam rushes out of the room, leaving Dean alone with Castiel. It isn’t the first time they’re alone since the witch hunt, but it’s the first time Dean feels like the angel’s not going to immediately disappear on him.
Sam doesn’t say anything; he only stares at him with a pained expression as Dean tries to get his emotions back in check. Dean clears his throat before continuing, his voice still thinner than it’s usual cadence, grating to his own ears.
—an endless refrain running through his head. The angel who always fought by their side, who sacrificed so much for them. He’s the last person who deserves this fate. With a grunt, Dean swings a fist at the nearest object he can find (a tree, and it doesn’t give Dean much satisfaction).
“Cas,” Dean pleads. Because Castiel is going to die if they don’t figure this out, and Dean gets the impression that Cas has already accepted that fate. He stares at his best friend, his throat too tight for words, but his mind reeling.
The witch turns an disinterested eye towards Dean, but whatever she sees in his face must pique her interest, because her scowl flips into a smug smirk.
Castiel shifts his eyes toward Sam, and tilts his head in that way that he does. He doesn’t reply for a moment, regarding the brothers like he’s contemplating his response. Which, as far as Dean’s concerned, should be a simple yes or no answer.
She walks him to the front door, distractedly straightening up the knick-knacks on her shelves as she goes. Dean sees her pick up a small pouch; bright red-orange with golden embroidery throughout. It has a short string loop attached to the top of it and Dean briefly wonders what it is.
They stare at each other, matching scowls plastered on their faces. Dean’s tempted to check in with him just one more time because the witch obviously had done
“Okay, okay,” Dean starts without fully finishing his mouthful, “but who wouldn’t be distracted by a badass like Superman?”
in the same room for a change, Dean feels the heavy weight of the angel’s stare on him near-constantly. Yet when he tries to have a conversation with Castiel, he’s suddenly “busy”, and Dean’s just about had it. If Cas doesn’t want to talk to him, then fine.
“He’s getting worse, Sammy,” Dean mutters, unable to keep the tremor out of his voice. His brother walks up beside him and places a warm palm against his shoulder. “I can’t… I can’t watch him—not like this. I, I gotta do something.”
It's the easiest Dean has ever admitted his feelings, albeit in a roundabout way. Each confession making the next feel a little less terrifying. Misaki replies with a sad smile.
“Hey, sunshine.” Dean shoots him a wry grin, hoping that the angel didn’t pick up more of the conversation than he let on.
“I’ll try…” Dean considers this, thinking of all the unsuccessful attempts he’s made thus far, “Might have to do some extra digging.”
“You’re right, it isn’t,” Cas deadpans. “The roots are still intact. I can plant it outside the bunker.” He nods, seemingly satisfied by this conclusion.
He only notices he’s been quiet for far too long when Sam pulls him out of his frantic thoughts. He clears his throat around the lump that’s formed there and nods.
It's obvious that Sam has more to say, but to his credit (and to Dean's immense relief), he relents and gets back to his research.
“What is it?” Castiel tilts his head toward him. Dean turns his head to drop a peck on the other man’s temple, catching him by surprise.
look like) as they twitch with effort to breathe. Suddenly Dean feels his resolve crumble, wondering if he
The garbage bin by the desk is holding what looks like tissues covered in blood. He kneels down to take a closer look and finds that they aren’t actually tissues at all. Dean reaches into the bin carefully, fingering through the white and red...
, which means it’s entirely possible the spell failed,” Castiel explains, more to Sam than to Dean, knowing that Dean won’t stop fretting on him anytime soon (damn right, he won’t). Sam tilts his head to the side, carefully eyeing the two of them.
Slowly, Castiel’s lips pull even wider. His eyes crinkle at the edges, and Dean (ironically) gets the breath knocked out of him by the brightest smile he’s ever seen on the normally stoic angel.
feel the same way—I don’t want my death to be on their conscience. Or Sam’s… or yours, just because of a misplaced sense of responsibility. My feelings aren’t your burden to bear.” Castiel explains. Before Dean can try to cut him off again, he continues, “I’ve been trying to find other means to cure the illness.”
Sam’s eyes widen a fraction before he answers carefully, as if he’s picking each word deliberately, “Dean… he always stares at you... weird.” He emphasizes
Since yesterday, Castiel’s inhales have become short gasps of air, the Hanahaki progressing at what seems like an exponential rate. Panic brews in his gut when he thinks of the possibility of coming back to a bunker without Castiel. Or worse, coming back to a barely alive Castiel with still no way to save him, only to watch him take his final breath. Dean shudders at the thought.
When Dean returns his focus to Castiel, he finds Castiel’s eyes narrowed in a sad smile. One of his smiles that doesn't quite reach his mouth, but softens his entire expression nonetheless. Thoughtlessly, Dean reaches out and brushes an errant strand of hair that got stuck to his forehead. Castiel leans into the touch, ever so slightly, which has Dean feeling a bit bolder than he normally would.
a certain way. He thinks of his failed relationships. Can he even really love Castiel the way he wishes he could? Would Castiel come to regret loving a man who couldn’t give him everything the angel deserves? Dean almost wonders if Castiel would be better off without him before he remembers that the alternative would be death. And fuck, it may be selfish, but Dean loves Castiel.
“Beautiful,” he mutters to himself, as Eileen finally releases Sam so they can move to a nearby bench.
“And you think he’ll see this as the perfect opportunity,” Cas guessed, not really even phrasing it like a question. That did sound like John.
Mary nodded thoughtfully, but Sam interrupted, wincing. “Dude, I love Rufus, but you do not want to share a room with him. He takes snoring to a whole new level. Trust me on this.”
Dean’s eyes were huge as he apparently ran through the implicit possibilities. “I’m not sure whether to be scared or intrigued.”
As if summoned by magic, Dean appeared in the doorway from the kitchen, phone in hand, muttering to himself. He looked unfairly wonderful in his casual clothes and annoyed scowl. Cas swallowed thickly as Dean spoke.
“You’re kidding,” Dean replies, more surprised than disbelieving. “You staying with him? I noticed there was a new car in the driveway.”
I won’t spend this entire letter gushing about Dean Winchester, I promise. But over the course of the weekend, we spent much more time with him than originally planned, and I have to say that I enjoyed it immensely. It doesn’t hurt that he’s quite nice to look at, of course. But more, I found that he has a special way of engaging a person in conversation, of listening to them fully and wishing to connect, which I very much admire and would love to observe further. It sounds like I might have that particular wish granted, as he told us he will be up state visiting several times this year, and would love to meet up with us all again. (Yes, all of us: he even kept up with Meg’s rather scary energy, which is quite a feat on first meeting.) He also exchanged email addresses with me and expressed an interest in reading my work at some point, which was quite flattering. I haven’t the faintest idea if he would enjoy my dry humor in written form, but he seemed to tolerate it quite well in person, so I have hope.
The end of the sentence did not seem to be forthcoming, so Castiel supplied it. “You didn’t tell me.”
It was a bit jarring, actually. Crowley is generally a cynical and sarcastic being, the sort to avoid even a hint of “wishy washy, saccharine, new age bull shit” with every atom of his being. So, to hear him effectively tell us to trust ourselves and try new things (even in the shouting call of an angry British drill sergeant) was rather stunning. I never expected to call one of Crowley’s lectures “inspirational”, but this one came remarkably close.
Friday dawned mild and overcast, but the house was quickly alive with activity. As with every wedding, there was quite a bit to be done before Saturday’s ceremony, so all hands were expected to be on deck.
Oblivious to Cas’s uncertainty, Mary nudged his shoulder with her own, smiling conspiratorially. “Just like old times, huh?”
With a nod, Castiel decided to take another chance. He picked up the manilla envelope from where he had left it tucked in the arm chair next to him, and held it out to Dean. Conspiratorially, he declared, “This is for you, Archangel.”
But arriving on the shores of Lake Charlevoix I have found a whole new variety of reception. These are people who waltzed in with enough certainly of their skill that they apparently felt no need to fear each other. I had already passed the unspoken test simply by being invited, so any posturing was limited to the meet and greet, then thrown unceremoniously out in the lake. Awards and achievements will not make a bit of difference until the program has ended. It’s quite refreshing.
Still a bit dazed, I wandered up to my room as usual after class, only to find it there on my bed side table, scrawled on a fuchsia Post-It.
I have a bone to pick with you. When I casually mention in a letter that I wish my lovely flowers could last longer than a few days, that is not an invitation to send me a potted plant! I would never be so forward as to casually request such a thing of you, my benefactor! And even if I did, you should not acquiesce such a wish- you will surely spoil me if you continue to shower me in flowers.
Behind me sits the building to which my deck is attached, and consequently the largest house into which I have ever even stepped foot. I would call it a mansion, but my experience of such stately homes is purely theoretical, and I could be wrong about the terminology. In any event, it is enormous, and I can easily see how one man living here alone would quickly turn to the first available means of filling it.
As the final licks of the guitar slowed to their reverberating conclusion, Dean began to lean back, still holding firmly to Cas’s waist. He gazed into Cas’s eyes with an intensity bordering on desperation, and there was nothing to be done but gaze right back.
“Yeah,” Dean said, affect suddenly a bit flat. “You looked cozy enough there with your boy Balthazar, and I didn’t—I didn’t want to… interrupt.”
So, in that regard, you should know that I am still having an excellent experience with the program. While a bout of the flu has been disrupting rapidity of my work over the last two days, I feel confident that I will be able to catch up quickly once I am recovered, and do not expect any true ramifications. The staff is helping me take care of my health, and I am doing what I can to prepare ideas through the fog of illness. I will update you further on the progress of my work in my December letter.
Sam responded with a dark look. “You don’t know the half of it. It was like sleeping through an air raid. And he was in another tent.”
Cas nodded solemnly, highly amused by the gleam of worship in his friend’s eye. “The latest draft of the new book, yes. And,” he gave Sam a stern look and affected his best Chuck Novak impression. “’guard it with your life young man. Only the editor has seen that so far’.”
But this? Please look at this from my perspective. What you are offering seems to be, at its core, free room and board with no strings attached for an undetermined amount of time, asking for nothing in return. It’s unreal. And even trusting you, which I do, I also think I have a right to be a bit wary of the proposal, don’t you? Even a writer kept by a patron in Victorian England would have been expected to offer something in return, wouldn’t they? Companionship or, at the least, entertainment? How can I offer this to you, whom I am not to expect to ever meet, when even the letters are no longer compulsory? I have nothing to offer in return, no way to feel I have even begun to earn such a luxury as full sponsorship. It is simply too much.
I believe I mentioned in my last letter that Bela was taking me to Traverse City over the weekend before Thanksgiving. Well, we went, along with Meg, and it was an excellent trip. The drive out was remarkably pleasant, given the unseasonably warm weather, and we arrived late on Friday with just enough time to order in food before turning in for the night. Money is, apparently, no object to Bela, but as this weekend was meant to initiate me into the concept of a “traditional American sleepover”, she reserved one large room with a single King bed, and we all piled in together. It was all quite cozy. And Meg even behaved herself throughout the course of this sleeping arrangement. Mostly.
“That’s Queen Genius to you, Winchester,” Charlie answered, straightening up on her hay bale in an attempt at regal dignity.
But, Archangel, I have somewhat buried the lede in this letter. Because the true development in the last few weeks happened just in the last few days: Dr. Jody Mills returned to the Estate to hand out our final project assignments.
Cas looks at the kid, expecting to be met with annoyance. This boy has never met Castiel, after all. But he seems to be smiling, as best can be surmised through his Bat Signal branded face mask. Still, Cas hedges.
Cas shot Dean a weighty look as he returned to his seat, hoping to convey “we are going to talk about that later” without making the rest of the clan suspicious. Dean nodded almost imperceptibly, and then asked Sam if he wanted to start, since Addy was still snoring softly away. Sam wasn’t wonderful on the guitar, and Jess had fun ribbing him about it good-naturedly through the first couple of songs, but he worked his way through a few tunes as everyone sang along.
For several minutes, Cas simply stared at the closed door where Dean had disappeared. He didn’t know how to feel. It had been so much easier to stay resolved in his betrayal and resentment when he was able to imagine the man’s radio silence might be deliberately malicious. In the nearly four years that had transpired, as Dean had fallen deeper out of contact, Cas’s imagination had been split between two potential explanations.
“I gave my notice a couple weeks ago. Said my goodbyes and took my time getting up here. Which was actually kinda nice, you know? I do love a road trip.” The smile that accompanied this was small, but far more honest than before.
But, as Jo also received an undeliverable package back later the same day, I can say without hesitation that the US Postal Service does not return a package by hand-writing “Return to Sender” on the box. There are stamps and stickers and bar codes involved. Not Sharpie messages and fancy messenger services.
I’ve been trying to define the how and the why of it all. I imagine you’re thinking that’s a fruitless pursuit, and you’d probably be right. Why examine a transcendent experience when I should just be experiencing it, eh? Well, I cannot help myself. Call it a curse of my trade. I must wonder, explore, dissect. It has become my nature, for good or ill
“I’ll be right there,” Cas says, turning toward his own house. “Let me just run inside for a moment.”
They said their goodbyes and headed off toward the cars, calling a farewell to John and Bobby in the barn as they passed. They loaded their bags into their respective vehicles, and with a happy sigh Dean pulled Castiel in for a deep, lingering kiss on the side of the Impala.
As Cas relaxed into the familiar sounds and scents of evening at the lake house, he finally began to unwind. The day, on the whole, had gone fine. Fairly well, actually. It had been an excellent party, and outside of his own head, his interactions with Dean had been normal and straightforward. After building up scenarios of betrayal and disinterest for so long, it had been rather jarring to fall back into rhythm as though barely anything had changed. It had been even more jarring to Cas to realize how happy that made him. Whatever had happened in the last few years, they still had a bond, and Cas found that he didn’t want that jeopardized by anything.
“No need,” Ellen assured them as Dean offered their services one last time. “Your dad and Bobby are just sweeping up the barn, and apart from the last couple loads in the laundry and the dishwasher there’s not much left to be done.”
It’s a near thing, but he manages to stifle the baffled, “why on Earth do you ask” that wants to tack itself on to the end of his answer. Not to mention the incredulous, “and what is the deal with your confusing love life” that’s been bubbling up for the last three minutes or so.
It was a bit overwhelming for Cas, being assaulted by so much affection from so many corners so quickly. He loved it, of course – he loved them all fiercely. But coming back from his relatively straightforward existence, standing there, cupcake in hand, and being looked at with such naked adoration by these smiling faces was really something. His heart was so full, and he felt so abruptly lucky to have been found by these people. He never felt so welcomed as when he was among them.
“And I didn’t tell Ellen to invite you back, either, by the way,” Dean continued, clearly desperate to absolve his family of blame. “Promise. That was all her. She wants to adopt you, and I had nothing to do with that. “
“No,” Ellen said, firm as ever in her loving way. “You, young man, are going to get a big plate of breakfast, and relax. If it would make you feel better to sit on the porch and boss us all around, fine. But you will not lift a finger today. Understand?”
Archangel, I think I’m going to accept Jody’s offer. The pitch she gave was that I should come downstate after my graduation here, and start tutoring Claire as the new school year begins. She says she will happily recommend my services to other parents in the area as well – at least two of whom are apparently already interested in my credentials— and she would put me up in the carriage house on her property for an absurdly reasonable price if I would rather not search for my own accommodations just yet. This would afford me a place to work on my own writing while also building some financial cushioning, and would keep me in close enough proximity to the city in case my own writing opportunities expand from there. And, most of all, it sounds like the sort of setup that would let me step into the world with some sort of community around me. I cannot describe what a comfort that thought brings. At the moment, I can’t really see a downside to this plan.
“So, I’m asking you. Not to stroke your ego or anything, and not to negate the wonderful choice you made today. Just, if there’s any way to get him out of that shitty place, to free him like we’re free now, to let him have at least that much. Let him retire back to heaven or whatever you think is right. But please,
Castiel closes the storm door again once his hands are free of baking supplies. Ever the scintillating conversationalist, he replies, “no problem.”
Dean doesn’t seem creeped out, though. He just nods and says, “nice night for it.” He’s right, too. It’s unseasonably warm, and even with the sun creeping down past the houses, it’s truly a beautiful evening. “Listen,” Dean continues. “Are you doing anything tonight?”
With a shake of her head, Lisa continues on her way along the sidewalk. She turns up the drive of the next house over. She knocks. She’s greeted at the door by the same tall man Castiel spotted her with this morning, who leans out his front door to call a greeting of his own to Dean and the boy. They wave back again, apparently unconcerned and unsurprised as Lisa kisses their neighbor lightly on the mouth, hands him the bottle of wine, and follows him into his home. The door closes behind them.
Ever a martyr at heart, Castiel continues to watch as Dean finishes with his task. With one last glance across the street (most likely a figment of Cas’s imagination, honestly), he rolls up his tarp and picks up his rake, and heads up the driveway, around to the back of the house.
There’s also something else, Archangel, and I hope you won’t think me naïve or idealistic for saying it— I simply wish to be honest with you.
I, who must sit here now wondering if it was a misstep to refer to you as “he” only a moment ago, because we both know that a pseudonym is no guarantee of gender presentation or personal identity.
Cas could feel his heart picking up speed. He thought he might know where this was going, but Dean’s monologue had cut off again, and he needed to be absolutely sure. Again, he prompted, “Dean?”
Invigorated anew, Castiel looked down at the numbers on the screen, unnamed but with a definitively foreign area code. “What?”
Ellen mirrored Mary’s long-suffering eye roll and turned back to Castiel. “Cas, we put you up in the attic room for the weekend. Is that alright?”
Cas blinked, confused, and nearly missed Dean digging the keys out of his pocket. Moments later, the keys were being tossed at Cas’s head, so he caught them dumbly, utterly perplexed. Dean was giving him a slightly desperate look, so he stood and awkwardly said, “yes, I’ll get the guitar.”
Castiel’s eyebrows continued to climb up his forehead as the list went on. But he couldn’t help himself. “And the jonquils?”
“Anyway.” Dean shook himself a little, as if returning to a point. “That’s one of my favorite memories. To this day. Just you and me, floating on the lake, getting horribly sunburned and talking about…whatever.”
“Yeah, alright, sure,” he says, and has the pleasure of watching surprise creep across his brother’s face. Looks like Sam was settling in for an argument. But hey - new world, new Dean, right? Or, same Dean with a new outlook, maybe.
So, Krissy began to lay out the trouble she’s been having in her current story of focus: she feels grossly unqualified to write a standard family dynamic, having never really lived it. Her mother died before she can remember, and from then until age 13 her father was away on the road driving his truck much of the time. And after that… well, if you know anything about the Foster system, you know that not all homes are created equal. Krissy has some horror stories that, in my opinion, fully explain her drive to get to college so young. In any case, nothing in her history involves any kind of white picket fence or homemade pie made by a cheery, rested parent. The prospect of exploring a reasonably well-adjusted basic family unit was tying her in knots.
“We don’t have any rooms left here?” Sam asked, waving his manuscript to indicate the house around them.
Let’s see, what have you missed during my October-long letter-writer’s-block? Well, early in the month we learned that Becky, our resident romance novel fanatic, is actually quite an impressive poet when she puts her mind to it. Even Cain, our most poetically inclined professor and the author of the assignment itself, was speechless after she finished reading a heartbreaking long form iambic piece about freshly requited love. Frankly, we were all shocked. I suppose given her tendency toward excitability and grand dramatic plot lines, we had all expected Becky to be a superficial writer, obsessed with idyllic romance to the point of cliché. But she has certainly proved us wrong over the course of our recent poetry studies. And shame on us for doubting her, really. Even the most predictable of tales can be deeply personal and fraught with nuance, whatever the literary world might proclaim, and we would do well to shed elitist views if we wish to open ourselves to possibility in our work. I’d say we all owe Becky for the reminder of that fact.
“Yeah,” Dean said, staring into the dark with intent. “I spent the whole rest of the summer drawing it- I had just learned how to sort of draw people at camp the month before, and I really wanted to capture that day. I wasn’t very good, but I tried. Filled about half a sketchbook trying to get it all right- the proportions, the curl of the waves, the sail in the wind…you.”
“Anytime, dude,” she replied, breaking out of the group hug to adjust whatever Cas had done to her ponytail.
Perhaps my experience here is not as unique as it feels at present – I am certain I cannot be the only young adult to abruptly realize that a feeling of being deeply important to someone was entirely manufactured within the bounds of my own heart. I suppose I should be grateful that my own discovery comes with minimal embarrassment. Sounding silly and naïve in a few letters is nothing to the realities of divorces, abuses, and other broken hearts. But finding myself utterly frozen in this way has proved plenty dispiriting. I feel chastised, both for jumping to ridiculous conclusions and for taking my actual blessings for granted in my frozen grief.
“Since I have you here, finally,” Castiel continued, aiming for a tone both sincere and slightly coy. “I could use your advice.”
And, oh, Cas was not prepared for the gut punch that would come with hearing Dean say Lisa’s name. Huh.
Meanwhile, across the street, Castiel simply stares in dawning horror as his neighbor welcomes her apparent lover into her home in a very public manner.
Here’s the problem: your offer is so unbelievably generous—so sweet, so thoughtful, such an incredible honor. I am truly and deeply flattered that you consider my work worthy even of reading, let alone funding. To have a fan out there in the world, especially one as worldly as yourself, is something of an inspiration— a boost not only to my ego, but to my creative life, my drive to work, my stamina. I feel utterly blessed to have you out there supporting me. It’s like having family, but also perhaps more, as you found and follow me by choice rather than blind loyalty. To me, at least, that means more than I can say.
When he could breathe, Cas replied, “Sort of a creepily appropriate song for this moment, isn’t it?”
Now, I hesitate to even mention this here. Realistically, you are meant to be my benefactor and nothing more. But, to be honest, there is no one else I would wish to have there to see me complete this program, Archangel. You have made this possible. You have put up with my ridiculous musings all year without complaint, you have forgiven my repeated impertinence and frivolity, and thanks to your generosity I am not only about to finish a graduate-level program in a field I have always dreamed of braving, I am doing so with an agent, a job offer, a potential publishing contract, and a fresh network of new friends and colleagues to whom I can always turn. I will never be able to thank you enough for these exceptional gifts, and my only wish is that I might offer my humble thanks to you in person, just this once.
As you might have guessed, I accepted Jody’s offer of lodging and employment. I am now the proud renter of the “mother-in-law-suite” behind the large but comfortable home where Jody lives with her partner Donna and their 15-year-old daughter Claire. (Meg says this is a fitting home for me because my “icy burns would make any mother-in-law blush.” That’s a direct quote. I’m choosing to take it as a compliment.) Donna is, on the surface, her wife’s polar opposite. She is the sunshine to Jody’s heat lightning, the perk to Jody’s snark, the Minnesota Ernie to Jody’s South Dakota Burt. She is a fair-haired ball of energy who drops more “sorry’s” and “you betcha’s” than a Canadian life coach, and she knows enough local gossip to talk your ear off for hours on end. She is also the local sheriff. She is a complete delight.
, so I read your story in the winter issue last year, and… it was so good. I just wanted to make sure you could keep writing, whoever you were.”
Castiel nodded, wondering desperately how best to comfort the newly single in the midst of a joyous nuptial weekend. “It's going to be okay, Dean. You just have to get through one more day, and then the wedding will be over and the lovebirds will be far, far away where you don't have to look at them anymore.”
Dean falters for a moment. He’s spent years trying not to put his own shit on Jack’s conscience. On anyone’s, really. But the kid is a fucking god now. And if the past twenty four hours have taught Dean anything, it’s that Jack can handle the tough stuff with grace and wisdom. Time to let him take this knowledge on.
“Occasionally. But mostly in Ann Arbor. The University hires me to capture all kinds of live events and shows, even some lectures and seminars. I teamed up with another alumnus who does professional video, and we tag team at student-run events, too, sometimes.”
But today, coming into a home full of his patchwork family exclaiming how much they missed him, his usual feeling of unfitness had receded some. He felt warm and welcomed and wanted. Even by Dean. It occurred to Cas that Dean hadn’t needed to come clean to him about Lisa. He could have shaken it off when Cas had called him out, and come up with another lie. Or if he really was some kind of lying asshole, could have just told Cas to fuck off because it wasn’t his business. But Dean wouldn’t do that, and Cas knew it. However much the pain in Cas’s heart had built up an aura of malice around the man, it simply wasn’t his way, and today had proved it. Dean seemed to have awoken out of a dream when he left Lisa, only to find a gaping hole where his friends had once been, and he was lost. Hell, just now, as he asked where Cas lived, the confused, ashamed echo in his eyes had been devastating. Cas never wanted to see that look directed at himself again.
Finally, Castiel let out the question at the heart of this forming picture. “So, Mr. Michael Smith?”
Cas sighed, reluctantly starting to understand the strange logic of this situation. “He’s going to be furious with you when you do tell him.”
He followed this enigmatic half phrase with a gesture toward Castiel. The motion seemed to be very meaningful to Dean, but all Castiel could offer back was a confused head tilt.
“Aaron?” Castiel guesses, Ben’s reaction to the delivery man suddenly coming into a new kind of focus.
But option B was far more painful. That scenario hinged on Dean simply losing interest in Cas. This, above all, was the reason Castiel himself had not tried much to engage Dean in conversation over the last few years. Because no matter how often the logical part of his mind pointed out that Dean might just be busy or distracted or bad at texting, and that an initiated conversation from Cas might be welcomed, he couldn’t shake that lingering possibility that Dean just didn’t give a shit any more. That maybe he never really had in the first place. That maybe the closeness they shared growing up was a product of proximity and pity, for Dean, and the bond Cas had felt was a one-sided fantasy borne of lust and loneliness. That maybe Cas just wasn’t worth holding on to.
If you’ll indulge me, I have some more self-reflective ideas about why this parting moved me so. Your contract seemed to encourage such musings, so I feel secure in sharing. Strange, isn’t it, that you seem to invite such confidences even in your anonymity?
So, yeah. Jack was his son. Still is, even if he’s not really corporeal or anything anymore. Who cares if raising a kid with two other dudes isn’t manly, or whatever - in the scheme of Dean Winchester’s existence, that is pretty far down on the list of weird. And family, as Bobby always maintained, ain’t about “normal”, with blood ties and predictability. It’s what you make it.
Well, it has been quite an eventful few weeks in our little northern enclave, Archangel! In addition to our ever-informative class time sessions, our educations saw the beginnings of a new expansion this week when a visitor alighted upon the Estate!
By the terms of The Garden’s own rules, room, board, and meals for the year-long program are included within the general tuition fees. You will also receive a small stipend of $1000, monthly, as part of the scholarship agreement, to be used toward incidental expenses related to your graduate program, and other pre-career investments.
Charlie ever-so-maturely stuck her tongue out at Dean. “Well, I don’t see it out here, so I preferred not to assume.”
I do promise that I have been using my time off wisely, as well. In addition to the nuggets of idea and character sparks that come with exciting new acquaintances, I have been acquiring all kinds of new knowledge purely by helping in the bar. It’s amazing what even a short time working at a new vocation can teach, what possibilities such lessons can open up. I’m drowning in idea-scraps in the best possible way, and the bits of work I’ve done during the mornings, when the bar is quiet, have been immensely satisfying. I imagine my professors will be just as happy you found this place for me to spend the holidays as I am.
Whatever. Castiel has way way way too much free time right now. And given that Dean was the first male person he was specifically and deliberately attracted to – less “I recognize this boy is hot and that pleases me”, more “wow this specific boy is so beautiful and impressive that I would like to launch into the sun” – it’s probably not entirely surprising that his thoughts are wandering back to the lawn across the street with alarming frequency over the next few days.
And, in an instant, Dean’s face had shifted to wide-eyed mortification. “Okay, good point,” he said, backing away.
Greetings from the grey slushy north! It is March, and I have just arrived back from a lovely, somewhat productive but exceptionally rejuvenating “spring” break in Boyne Falls.
I drove out with Meg and Bela last Saturday through a rather unpleasant storm (you know—the sort where it goes grey as night in mid-day and somehow snows sideways…), and we settled into the massive cabin-oid rental structure immediately. It was already stocked with food and whatnot, as Bela’s parents had only left the day before, so we hunkered down for about 36 hours of movies, munchies, and Moscato. We didn’t get much work done, but…well…everyone needs a break now and again, right?
That made Dean laugh again. “I hear that. I tried listening to Zepp 1 on the road trip up, but I had to stop after the first day. Too many flashbacks to your senior year.”
And, fuck. Dean was forcing a laugh, drawing away like he had been slapped. Like he had been rejected. “Yeah,” he said, sounding strained.
The two boys looked at each other. There was really no use keeping things quiet any longer, was there? Mary and Ellen already knew Dean was a free agent.
There are two other employees of the Roadhouse who I’m told are no less “family” for lack of a blood tie to the Harvelles. Benny LaFitte, a bear of a man with a charmingly heavy Cajun dialect, splits his time between the bar and the kitchen, recreating Ellen’s recipes with impressive ease and designing fresh specials to entertain the regular customers. He tells me that he found his way to Northern Michigan from his native New Orleans by chance, hitchhiking north after the tragic death of his one true love until he found a place that “felt right”. (Jo tells me that this is a fable he tells strangers, and that when he gets drunk next I’ll hear about how his ex cheated on him with her boss and had the nerve to keep their pet tortoise when she kicked Benny out. Apparently, the tortoise is/was named Herman. No one is certain of the ex-girlfriend’s name, though. He refuses to speak it aloud.)
When Dean spoke, he was closer, having moved a bit along the couch, though warily, and the look on his face was one of deep apology. “Cas, truly, I’m
With a significant expression, Dean said, “I was too, to be honest. If I remember right, a fair amount of that sail was made up of me interrogating you about how you felt as you came out to more people. I was starting to figure my own shit out, you know?”
Archangel, have you ever learned one tiny bit of information and immediately needed to reevaluate your entire worldview in the light of your discovery? Okay, I’m exaggerating a bit— my entire worldview did not alter. But my understanding of the last few months was thrown into question with a toss away story.
A third set of arms joined themselves around the pair as Jo Harvelle’s voice added in wonder, “You made it!”
to, as, no doubt, there will be no response to this letter. You will have no opportunity to withdraw forgiveness. And I maintain that you should not even if you could. You have, in a sense, led me on with this assignment. Teasing a lover of words with requests that will not be acknowledged is as cruel as any false invitation, you see, and I have to believe it is worsened by my isolation within the world. I increasingly understand that new friends, while much appreciated, are no match for deeper kin. Even Meg, who has never once mentioned or answered a question about her family, clearly has a tight-knit clan of old friends, kindred spirits who actively seek her advice and give their own, who can sit on the phone for an hour with no vital words passed and still feel the joy of their familiarity. I find I want that desperately, and since I cannot ever have that from a silent acquaintance, I must end the torture of this hope.
“Awesome.” As he headed toward the bathroom, Dean noticed Cas getting into bed and switched off the overhead light, saying, “G’night,” on his way out the door.
“You love me,” Cas retorted before he could think it through. Then he tried not to panic as the previous tense gravity seemed to flood right back into the room.
So, here I am, having been welcomed immediately and thoroughly, for the first time, into something of a little tribe, and we have arrived speaking not only the same language, but in similar dialects. True, our actual writing styles and focuses vary quite widely—this was, Cain says, intentional. It gives us all the opportunity to observe a new type of writer in process and to explore what we can learn from their experience that might translate into our own. Pam even warned us that our third semester project will very directly aim us into uncharted waters in this way to help us explore where we think the limits of our own talents are drawn, and I’m looking forward to that with the delicious uncertainty of fresh anticipation.
He holds up a finger before muttering, “Just a moment”, and scuttling back to the kitchen. Apparently he should have made the effort to look less schlubby after all, he thinks, as he starts going through the cupboards in search of sugar. Then again, it clearly doesn’t matter how Cas looks in this moment, given the domestic bliss that reigns in the house across the street. He could be half naked, ripped, and covered in oil right now, and it wouldn’t change a thing about this situation.
So, for tonight I shall simply curl up in bed to gaze again at my beautiful flowers, wishing only that they could live forever.
“You little weirdo,” Ellie exclaimed, apparently stuck between amusement and exasperation. “You know Charlie!” But there was no getting Addy to talk now. “I think she’s a little star struck, honestly,” Ellie explained. “She hasn’t stopped talking about you two since you were kind enough to babysit last month. She thinks you’re the height of cool.”
Therefore, I feel it was supremely unfair of me to judge you this week by your absence at my commencement. There are countless circumstances that might have kept you away, all of them fair; even “disinterest” is your right, in this instance. You, Archangel, are not to blame for my isolation in the world. In fact, your gift has gone a long way toward making isolation a thing of my past, and for that I deeply thank you. While I am disappointed to never have met you, I don’t feel I can deny your right to remain un-met. And so, with that in mind, I intend to press on without malice for Sunday’s disappointments.
Shit, I’m already swearing way more than I meant to. Sorry. The point is, I’ve been totally head over heels for this ridiculously gorgeous, brilliant dude for at least two years now, and even living with me hasn’t sent him running for the hills. So, that’s pretty cool. I don’t know how I got so damn lucky. Charlie’s “saved a planet with The Doctor in a past life” theory is seeming more reasonable by the day.
But Dean just looked lost, staring up at Castiel in something akin to terror. So, Castiel took Dean’s hand, clicked to answer, and handed it back with a reassuring nod.
I should get back to work now, unfortunately. Well, not “unfortunately”— I do enjoy the work here, especially these days. But I also enjoy writing to you, even when it feels like shouting into the void. Thank you for hearing my confession this month, Archangel. Thank you for being my void.
Giddy, Castiel crossed the street toward the house. The front lawn was a small almost semi-circular patch, arcing toward the sidewalk to make room for an extra sweep of front garden. Little baskets of purple flowers hung between the slim columns of the front porch, and as he approached he discovered a very comfortable looking trio of patio chairs there in the shade.
Those are the main points of interest for the moment. But there is one final thing I would like to say to you, Archangel.
Dean complied, balancing a plate of cupcakes as he emerged onto the balcony to take a seat next to Cas. “You know, this song bugged me the first few times I heard it? I couldn’t figure out if he was singing about the state or about a woman named Georgia. But at some point, I decided it doesn’t really matter, you know? A person—people can be home just as easy as a place. And, I don’t know, maybe sometimes it’s both at once?”
Right! Classes! Much of this has been, at least to an outsider’s eye, more of the same. We’ve been workshopping everyone’s work and sharing reading material between ourselves, everything I’ve mentioned before. It’s the specifics that have been particularly exciting, I suppose—seeing classmates have breakthroughs on problem pieces, or even having small breakdowns about deeply held issues. Several class sessions have devolved into therapy-session-like discussions. Especially with Pam at the helm, who possesses a sincere, measured tone of thoughtful questioning that any good counsellor should envy.
Heavens, Archangel! I’m going to need extra postage to send you this tome of a letter! I should sign off before I cause injury to a mail carrier with yet more paper…
I have to admit, I’m not sure what to say. In the week since your letter arrived I have been twirling in circles trying desperately to figure out what to do.
“Beautiful,” Dean pronounces, clapping his hands together. “I just need a couple minutes to finish setting up the projector, but come on back.”
“Exactly,” Cas agreed. “Even if you just come up for the rest of the summer, put some feelers out, think of it as a fact-finding mission. Then you could either settle in the area or not, depending on what you find.” He could feel Dean nodding, and couldn’t resist a little extra nudge. “Honestly, I think the Woodward Dream Cruise would be like your own personal Nirvana.” He could see it in his mind’s eye: taking Dean to the Dream Cruise would be like bringing an artist to the Met for the first time. He truly hoped he could have the pleasure of witnessing that, even it if meant long sweaty hours stuck in traffic.
The truth is, I had no one on Earth to invite to my commencement other than you, you see? The crew in East Jordan has done more than enough for me during our brief acquaintance, Hannah is exceedingly busy and anxious with a new internship just now, and Angel Farm? Well, Alfie is too young to drive, and undoubtedly has better things to do with the new school year approaching. No one else there would be much interested in my life, at this point.
I suppose those are the most amusing points, for the moment. Thanksgiving is fast approaching, so I am quite glad to be rid of my cold. I’ll be staying at the Estate for a quiet holiday with Krissy, along with Chuck and some of the staff, which should be quite restful. I’m also hoping it will be productive, which I’m told is very un-American of me. Apparently, I’m supposed to spend the time off deliberately not working, even though I’ve missed nearly a week of work time to my pounding head, but I cannot see the wisdom in such suppression. Why force myself to stop writing when it is, in fact what I enjoy? Ah, well, Meg won’t be around to wheedle me about it over the weekend anyway, so I suppose I’ll be able to do as I please, in the end.
My first wild thought was that Joshua, the Estate’s gardener, must have collected them for me from the grounds. But then, of course, it occurred to me that it is November, and even without knowing much about the growing of irises, I could safely assume they do not naturally grow to be so vibrant in the frosty northern autumn weather. In any event, there was a card on a stand sticking out of one side, much like one might see in a florist’s shop window.
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean replied. Then, with a visible breath, he very deliberately met Castiel’s eyes, and confessed. “Millie Greenwalt was my grandma.”
Castiel gazed up at the portrait on the wall, completely floored as he ran through all sorts of emotions: through hurt, then fury, and on to mortification. He composed his next words slowly, hoping to get everything ironed out before letting any of these feelings overtake him. “So, let me make sure I understand this. Each month I sent a letter here addressed to ‘Mr. Smith’. Here, to this place where you have been living.”
In an instant, Cas felt a wave of…something crash over him, full force. It was nearly too much, to be this close to this man while his own chest simultaneously collapsed and overfilled with a swell of feeling. He tried, again, to blame it on Robert Plant’s melodic declarations of love and the romance swirling in the air, but he wasn’t fooling himself in the least. It was all Dean, the man he had loved before he knew the meaning of the word. It was the man pressing him close and slowly rubbing two fingers at the small of Cas’s back at this very moment, cherishing him as few others had done in nearly three decades of existence.
This “family” I mention is quite miraculous, and strikes a fantastic contrast to the group I have integrated with at The Garden. Ellen’s daughter, the incomparable Joanna Beth Harvelle (or, rather, Jo— I understand the full title is only used when she is in “serious trouble”) works behind the Roadhouse’s bar with her mother. She is nearly two years my junior, a stunning young woman with long blonde hair and a knife sharp wit that puts even the nastiest customers in their place with ease. Legend has it she once made a 7 ft. Neo-Nazi cry by beating him in an arm wrestling tournament on his birthday. And the glee with which she relates that particular story is truly inspiring.
Cas blinked. “Yes, actually,” he replied, thinking back over the various uncomfortable conversations he’d witnessed over the course of the evening.
And please, for heaven’s sake, burn that last letter. I cannot bear to think of you rereading the ramblings of my sickest, loneliest, cruelest moment and thinking these are my true feelings for you. I assure you, Archangel, that is not the case. And I intend to work as hard as I can to prove my gratitude to you in all future writings.
Ever the shithead little brother, Sam just rolls his eyes. “No, not particularly, but let’s make a trip of it.” When Dean just goggles, he pulls a face. “Come on, Dean, when’s the last time we went on a road trip for a fun reason? Let’s drive out there and have a vacation. Stay for a while. Relax.”
Mary, also looking a bit troubled, explained. “Lisa’s not going to make it, sadly. There’s been some kind of family emergency, and she needs to be there with her parents.”
The living room was empty, as the yard had been. But he could hear low music and voices drifting through from the kitchen. It smelled like sweet baked memories, and he took a moment to breathe in that perfect scent of “home”, eyes closed, and head tilted back in peace. Then there were footsteps on the stairs, a high-pitched squeal, and a flash of red hair launched toward Cas in an attack hug.
I fear the way I’m explaining this is misleading. I don’t mean to imply any sort of black-and-white link between an author and the plot of their stories. It’s something else; a deeply ingrained hint of something ethereal that can both explain and complicate, an unintended discussion between the pen and the subconscious as the words flow onto the page.
As of the posting of this letter, I have officially completed the post-graduate creative writing program at The Garden. I received my certificate of completion at the commencement ceremony yesterday, and will depart from the Shurley Estate for the final time this afternoon.
Once inside, Cas skulks just to the side of the upstairs front window, where he’s pretty sure he can’t be seen from the outside due to the play of the light and the very thin curtain. He watches, like the creep he is, as Dean rakes the remarkable quantity of leaves that have collected on the lawn of the Braeden house. He has a whole system, with an old fashioned rake and a tarp, like he’s been doing this for so long he has it down to a science. He probably has been, come to think of it. That kid the other night looked about the right age to have been born just a couple years after they all graduated. Maybe the Braedens passed on the house to the next generation when Lisa had her kid, and this has been Dean’s domain ever since. It’s not like Gabe would know – he was rarely awake when at home even before the pandemic sucked up all his free time, and being nosy about the neighbors doesn’t interest him nearly as much as hospital gossip.
“You should let Cas know you’re heading out,” is all Sam says when he finally responds. The words are gentle, kind in a way that somehow feels patronizing and encouraging at the same time. Dean just nods, not trusting his own voice.
“Hanahaki. It’s Japanese—literally translates to spitting up flowers.” Dean grimaces at the mental image that conjures, but Sam continues unfazed. “There isn’t a lot of research about it—I can’t really find an instance of it from within the last century, even. But get this: they say that Hanahaki is caused by cursed seeds that take root in someone’s respiratory system. Once the curse takes root, the afflicted person will start coughing up flower petals. What you thought was dust could’ve been small seeds.”
He grudgingly releases Castiel to peer into his face. Castiel looks almost shy as he looks up at him through his dark lashes, like he still can’t believe what’s going on—Dean doesn’t really blame him because neither can he. Still, his lips are quirked up, crooked and tentative, but genuinely pleased.
“We should go find Sammy. Let him know you’re as good as new,” says Dean, finally wrenching his eyes away from his... boyfriend? Partner? (They’ll sort out details later.) But he keeps his arm wrapped securely around him.
Dean isn’t really sure what to think. After everything they’ve been through together, he’d like to think that Castiel would trust him enough to tell him that he’s caught a near-incurable mythical disease, but this wouldn't be the first time he wished Castiel had trusted him enough. He buries the stab of disappointment he feels at the thought and clicks his tongue.
For the first time since they started this conversation, Sam looks uncomfortable as he finally looks up from the laptop. Dean leans in closer from the seat beside Sam, eager to see what he’s reading on the screen.
Dean immediately puts his bowl down and rushes to Castiel’s side, his hand patting his blanketed back. The violent heaves don’t seem to stop, each painful choke producing yet another batch of petals. Dean drags over the garbage bin he keeps by the chairs so Castiel can throw the petals away, and watches with a detached calmness as the soft petals flutter into the bin. The white looks bright under the blue-tinged glow of the TV, a stark contrast to the plain black bin.
“Well you got any better ideas?” He huffs, annoyed. He doesn’t need Sam to remind him that if this fails, it means they lose Castiel. Either Dean’s love is enough, or he fails his best friend—again. His track record has him doubting how he could ever be enough. How could Castiel, the angel who’s seen him through it all, even his darkest moments, want
Sam watches the two with sympathetic eyes, which Dean resolutely ignores. They haven’t talked about Dean’s confession from that day in the library and while Dean’s more than okay with that, he didn’t expect for Sam to drop it so easily.
They stand there for a while. A few seconds that feel like minutes, hours, days, looking into each others’ eyes. All the fear and shame that clung to Dean so stubbornly washes away, finding salvation in the truth that lives in those sparkling blues—Dean wonders how he never saw it before, in all those times he spent looking at Castiel’s eyes.
“I’m sorry it isn’t you, Dean. You clearly love him dearly.” The warm sincerity of her voice melts some of the ice that’s taken up space within Dean, and he manages a huff of laughter (more like a scoff, but it’s the best he can do).
As difficult as it is to admit, it’s the only thing he’s certain of right now. And if there's any chance in hell that it may save the angel, then he’d rather love Cas and have him eventually resent him than lose him entirely.
“Well, it isn’t totally uncommon knowledge,” Castiel straightens his back as he repeats Sam’s words. But his brows slant downward when Dean doesn’t reply immediately, looking somewhat embarrassed.
“Yeah, well… When enough of your friends die, you think you’d get used to it eventually… but Cas, fuck. Cas gave up so much for us. He deserves to be happy, and I just can’t, I won’t—” the words get lodged, deep in his throat. He sighs, “If he’d at least tell us who it is, maybe we could try to help.”
“I would rather continue looking for alternatives,” he says evenly, coughing slightly as he says so. If Dean didn’t know better, he would think he’s just clearing his throat. But Dean does know better, and he knows that there are more flower petals lodged deep inside his airway, slowly filling up Castiel’s lungs until there’ll eventually be no more space.
“Dean, please.” Castiel stops him. “I’ve made up my mind. Now if you’ll excuse me, I have some research to do.” Castiel stands swiftly, slipping out of Dean’s grip (Dean only now realizes his hands still rested on the angel’s back). He strides out of the room and disappears down the hallway, and Dean is left kneeling on the floor like an idiot, unable to ignore the stinging sense of rejection he feels in his wake.
“...he’s extremely caring,” he starts, and immediately Dean’s heart sinks when he hears Cas refer to the person as a ‘he’. But he buries the pain under a tight smile, encouraging him to keep talking. Castiel continues quietly, a worrisome whistle accompanies each of his exhales. His eyes, bright even in the dim lighting, seem to grow warmer as he chooses his words. Dean can’t stop the twinge of jealousy that twists his stomach into knots, but he listens attentively.
. It must show on his face, because Castiel dramatically rolls his eyes as he moves to get up. He wobbles a little when he tries to stand, but Dean’s right there to catch him.
“So… if Cas is hacking up bloody potpourri, that means he’s in love.” The statement comes out slowly, like Dean is testing out the idea.
Dean’s brain comes to a halt. But that can’t be right because they haven’t had any guests in the bunker since Castiel got sick; it’s only been Dean and Sam.
He doesn’t move until he feels a gentle hand on his back. He turns to see Misaki with sympathy shining in her eyes.
that was born from Sam’s observations dissolve in an instant, because Dean can’t possibly measure up to
Sam looks up at Dean from where he sits at the table, a fork full of leafy greens midway to his mouth, and narrows his eyes.
"You don't know that, Dean. Come on, it makes sense. The profound bond? Choosing you over his family?" Sam reasons, counting off each argument on his hand.
“There’s… there’s gotta be something. You said he could last six months? It could give us more time to figure something out.”
“It’s just a scratchy throat. I’ll get myself some water,” Castiel mumbles from behind his hand between heaves of breath and quickly disappears toward the kitchen, leaving a confused Dean and Sam in his wake. Dean’s eyes dart to his brother and he raises his eyebrows as he gestures toward the direction Cas walked away.
“I guess we’re playing cupid today,” he shrugs. “We find out who Cas is in love with, and we convince ‘er to fall in love with him.” The look that Sam throws at him is skeptical at best. So it isn’t the
“No, no, nonononono—Cas, you hear me? I need you to hear me,” he rambles in a panic. “Listen, I know… I know I’m no good. I break everything I touch, and hell, I’ve put you through enough bullshit I barely know why you stick around. But fuck, Cas, if… if there’s any possibility that—”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean holsters his gun and pulls out his knife instead, jamming it into the groove along the edge of the panel. He maneuvers it like a lever, roughly pounding at the handle, and to his surprise, it does the trick. He hears a loud crack and the panel swings off its hinges.
“Hey, buddy, you awake?” As he nears the bed, Dean sees the spread of flower petals that Cas can no longer catch as they continue to spew out of his lungs, splattered around Castiel’s pillow. The sight brings bile to Dean’s mouth.
“There you are, sweetheart.” The endearment slips out by accident, as if the thought itself is letting Dean know it’s time to say the words, urging him on to let go. Castiel’s brow twitches when he hears it, and the next thing Dean knows he’s curled up into a ball, lurching forward with an alarming choking noise. Castiel clearly isn’t getting enough air in his lungs to even cough anymore, so he just convulses in the bed instead. Dean’s heart drops to his stomach.
It’s been a week since the witch incident, and Castiel has been acting strange. He’s been opting to spend more time alone than not, or with Sam over Dean (and no, Dean is
Instead, he tucks his chin a bit with an uncharacteristically shy smirk on his face and simply says, “Thanks.”
“Okay, so you don’t want to tell me.” Dean’s frustrated, but his tone is not unkind. They’ve gone over iterations of this same conversation many times over the past week. So today he tries something different. He can’t explain what compelled the words that come next—perhaps he’s just trying to distract Castiel, or maybe he has a masochistic streak a mile wide and after his conversation with Sam, feels the need to remind himself that Castiel is in love with someone else. But the next thing he knows, he’s opening his mouth to ask, “So uh, tell me about them.”
He’s about half an hour away from the Bunker when Dean’s phone rings. It’s deep into the night at this point. Without any other car in sight, Dean’s been driving with only his own thoughts and Zeppelin to keep him company; uncharacteristically, he spent most of the drive with the volume turned down as he attempted to piece together what he was going to say to Castiel once he got back to Lebanon.
Dean thought he understood pain. He’s lost enough people and made enough sacrifices. But this? What a special kind of torture to finally accept your love for someone who you thought you could—should—never love, only to know with absolute certainty that he doesn’t love you back. And to have to watch them slowly perish because they love another person who doesn’t love them back. It feels like an injustice, and Dean’s jaw tightens with each passing moment.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” is all Sam says in response. Remorse and sympathy, entirely too genuine. And that’s almost worse, because Dean knows Sam would never bullshit him; Sam’s apology? That just means they’re near out of options. Dean pinches at the bridge of his nose, warding off the hot tears that threaten to fall.
“Shit, Sam!” Dean’s up in an instant, Castiel standing beside him. He shoves the angel back down by his shoulder, “you stay here until we’re sure the spell didn’t do lasting damage!”
Sam glares at him, “I’m going to let that slide for now because this is about Cas. Dean, you aren’t seeing the way he looks at you. I just… I can’t believe it could be anyone
“Right,” he grits out. All of a sudden the air feels thinner in the room and Dean feels like he might pass out. There’s nothing she can do. He can’t save Castiel. “I just, I need—…”
Castiel is staring anywhere but at the brothers, shoulders hunched awkwardly like he’s trying to make himself look smaller in his nearly-six-foot frame.
“You have to tell him how you feel. It may be the only way to save him!” Misaki stands up as she speaks, prompting Dean to follow her lead. He almost offers to help her clear the dishes but is silenced by one incredulous look from the petite woman. She has an arched brow that could match Castiel’s.
They must both realize that it’s the first time Castiel has said it out loud. The angel beams up at him before tilting his chin up for another sweet kiss.
Dean freezes right as he brings another spoonful to his mouth. The air in the room seems to freeze along with him as Castiel’s words sink in. He’s talking about Lois Lane. Dean knows that. But something about the tone he said it in… Does Cas know? Is it possible that Sam could be right…?
“I gotta do this, Sam.” Dean’s voice is soft with a small quiver that he doesn’t even have the capacity to feel ashamed of anymore. “I can’t just sit here and do nothing—just, watch him get weaker and weaker. I can’t.”
“Tell him to stop apologizing, would you?” Sam asked, looking affectionately exasperated as he began to open the package Cas had pulled from his backpack. “He already called and sent me a letter. But it’s our own fault for putting the thing together on such short notice. His book tour had been scheduled months before we set the date. We completely under—HOLY SHIT.”
“Yeah, well, I wasn’t counting on them deciding to throw the damn wedding together so fucking fast. Everyone else these days stays engaged for at least a year or two, but not Sammy. No, he had to get married just a couple months later. And if I’d told him after the engagement buzz wore off, you know he’d still be moping about it now.”
“And yet you told me about Sam,” Castiel pressed. “Even Jo doesn’t know the whole truth about that, does she? Yet you told me months ago up at the ski lodge. And what did I do? I turned around and told the whole story to my benefactor – a complete stranger. I broke your confidence.”
Chuck thinks I should keep the character around, see if maybe he could inspire a small series of stories. We’ll see how that goes. I could certainly see this Gabriel causing fireworks if he were to interact with more straight-laced angels, you know? Perhaps even Lucifer? We’ll see.
“Seriously, man,” Dean continues as Cas hands over his sugar selection. “Thank you for this. You’re a life saver. Perhaps literally, given how wild the grocery stores get.”
But at the same time, Cas was nearly overwhelmed by the need to soothe and comfort his oldest friend. He looked so earnest waiting for Cas’s response, slightly tense as though bracing for rejection, and suddenly Cas’s pettier feelings didn’t stand a chance. He tilted his head.
The rite itself was fairly brief. Professor Moseley, clad in what appeared to be judge’s robes of stunning blue, treated the assembled guests to her thoughts on the ingredients for a strong marital partnership. She gave the bride and groom her best advice, both as a mentor and as a friend, then led them through their vows. Through it all, Sam looked like he was glimpsing the face of heaven, and Jess looked no less enraptured. It was beautiful, by any standard, and if Dean seemed to be wiping his eyes by the end, Castiel couldn’t entirely blame him.
True to form, he’s standing very close. Dean can feel the heat of his body - just slightly more than a human would give off, but not uncomfortable. He’s really there. Dean can only stare.
Gotta say, things are going pretty spectacular for me. My job is pretty cool, since they let me nerd out about machines all day and then pay me for the privilege. My giant dork of a little brother met a really great girl in one of his law school classes and actually had the guts to ask her out, so I’ve got her to help me kick his ass when he needs it, now. My annoying little sort-of-sister is about to finish up her first semester of college and is impossibly smug about it, but I still couldn’t be prouder of her. (Please don’t tell her – I’ll never hear the end of it.)
“I’m hoping you can explain something for me, Dean,” she replied, face unreadable, but unmistakably covering something underneath.
Dean blows out an eloquent breath. “Hell, no. I hit the road about eight years ago and didn’t stop moving til my Dad died last summer.”
Well, Archangel, my attendant nursemaid (one Meg Masters) tells me I am required to “stop writing and go the hell back to sleep before I catch my death”. And if you ever have the misfortune to be on the receiving end of her surliest glare, as I am now, you will understand why I feel compelled to obey. She has powers even the darkest among us cannot imagine.
“Sure, I guess. For now.” He took a big breath, and squared his shoulders toward Cas. “Anyway. That is more than enough about me. And if we’ve learned anything tonight, it’s that I’ve missed a helluva lot about the rest of you guys.”
Dean took an audible breath and tried again. “I feel like when you’re young and everything is in fairy tale and super hero terms, you build this idea that love is all, I don’t know, fireworks displays and rushing to airports and public declarations of devotion. It’s all either sobbing or ecstasy. Drama and overwhelming feeling, always. But then you start to grow up, you watch your crush date someone else, you break a few hearts, get your own broken, and you start to assume your younger self was an idiot for believing the Disney-fied version of love. Life isn’t a chick flick- the world doesn’t all get to live happily ever after, so the rest of it must be an exaggeration, too, right? The poets are just saps, the songwriters are just trying to sell records, none of it is real. I think that’s where Lisa and I had gotten: we were content enough, we got along fine, and we enjoyed sex with each other, and that’s all we really expected to ever need. If love is only comfort and domesticity, then we must be fine. What more is there? But then I was sitting there on a Saturday afternoon looking at these sketches of a day straight out of a dream, and it occurred to me that—no. I know there’s more, because I’ve lived it.”
And, if you’re sick of hearing about this man already, then just pretend he’s fictional, and allow me to spin you a story. I can assure you: from what I’ve learned through my various new Roadhouse sources, it is QUITE a story.
“Oh, do they ever,” Dean replies, sounding extremely excited. “You haven’t had a bacon cheeseburger ‘til you’ve had one of Ellen’s.”
By the time dusk had begun to fall, all work for the day had ceased, and everyone was cleaned up and polished. Kevin Tran, Sam’s final groomsman, had arrived just after 6 with assurances that everything at Sam’s office was going just fine without him and he could stop thinking about work until after his honeymoon. As soon as Sam had relaxed (again), they all carpooled into the nearby town, where a charming catered rehearsal dinner had been set up in the hall of the Moore’s hotel. Professor Missouri Moseley, the chosen officiant for tomorrow’s festivities, was already waiting for them in the hall when they arrived, ready to walk the wedding party through the steps of the ceremony before everyone settled in to eat.
“Yeah,” Cas said, stars in his eyes of a familiar sunny green. “See you at home, Dean.” And though he rarely called Kansas his home anymore, for once the term had the ring of pure authenticity.
He had noticed Castiel. This was it. Cas was done for. Because Dean’s face was suddenly alight with excitement. And he was hugging Castiel, phone forgotten, and he smelled the same and he didn’t hate Cas and it was all too much to handle with Mary standing right there watching.
All in all, it went fairly smoothly, all things considered. There was a small uproar around 12:30 about the lack of pins for the homemade wildflower boutonnieres, but the crisis was averted by Kevin, who sat down and made magic with some clothespins, twine, and a hot glue gun. That was about the point when Chuck’s book ceased to hold Sam’s worry at bay, however, so Dean dragged him upstairs for a pep talk. Whatever he said must have worked, because by the time Cas arrived in the attic room to get dressed, Sam had stopped breathing like a tea kettle and looked composed, if a bit subdued.
They kissed straight through until the song switched over. When they recognized the intro to Otis Redding’s “That’s How Strong My Love Is”, they both burst into laughter again.
“Yeah… I got back to my hotel and realized how shitty it was gonna feel if Archangel just fucked off after you invited him, and I found a florist. Hyacinths mean ‘please forgive me’.” Castiel raised his eyebrows at that comment, unsure where it had come from. Dean, noticing the effect of his non-sequitur, rushed to explain, “Charlie dated a florist for a while and I learned way too much about the Victorian language of flowers. Now I’m afraid not to use it in case the person on the other end knows about it and freaks out.”
The Roadhouse is a Bar-and-Grill-style establishment tucked away in a fairly quiet corner of East Jordan. The proprietor, one Ellen Harvelle, is an absolute joy, though she would hate that I refer to her as such. She is the sort of person who hides her thoughtful kindness behind a gruff, occasionally combative exterior; strong by necessity but with the very best of intentions. She seems to appreciate my blunt, mission-oriented nature, as well, and realized far more quickly than most that my focus does not come at the expense of feeling. It can put people off, you see, the seriousness with which I seem to take everything, my subtle facial expressions, my sarcastic responses. But Ellen clocked on to the truth of it all immediately, and seems to have taken it as reason to adopt me into her little family without further question. I’m quite flattered by her easy acceptance, truly.
Cas hadn’t hesitated before agreeing, touched to be so easily included in the wedding party, and rather relieved to be spared the position of wedding photographer. This field was not his specialty, and he would have been terrified about potentially ruining Sam and Jess’s memory of the event due to lack of expertise.
Speaking of which, I’m sure you’re much more interested in my studies than in tales of adult slumber parties. Well, I assure you, writing is continuing to go quite well. I started to feel myself slowing down on generating new ideas after my illness last month, so I started going back over bits and pieces of concepts scrawled on notebook corners during class and bits of napkin in the middle of the night. It turned into a mesmerizing little puzzle, combining ideas and pairing characters with conflicts until I had built the foundations of three distinct stories. I’m not at all sure where any of them are going just yet, or if they will even amount to much at all, but it is fun to fit bits of thought into a sort of story cloud. Pamela has been especially engaged with this process, as she loves big radical ideas. “The more ridiculous the better,” she always says, “that’s where you start. Then carve it all down and see what statue lives inside.” She’s quite something when she gets in full flow about the creative process, and I’m hopeful giving her methods a try will push me outside even my own expectations.
So, I outlined something: an action-packed battle in a castle, complete with a love interest in distress. But as I tried to write actual substance for it, I quickly became disheartened. I’m not sure I was sold on the main character, and found writing the action sequences to be a bit less enjoyable than seeing them in a film might be. It started to lean toward a satirical version of itself, but I never quite found enough to get it all the way there, either. It was all very frustrating—I had committed to making something of this idea, but the only avenue I could fathom appeared to be a dead end.
The party finally broke up when Rufus pulled up in his old pickup, calling “What are you old hippies doing singing kumbaya? It’s nearly midnight!” They extinguished the fire and waved goodnight to the Moores and their guests, trudging back up toward the house in excellent spirits.
Dean paused with his hand on the doorknob. “Uh, Cas? Would you mind keeping this to yourself, just through the reception? This Lisa thing? I’m planning to tell Mom and Dad and the crew once the happy couple leaves for the honeymoon, and then spill to Sam after he’s gotten back and shown us all his pictures a few hundred times.”
The admission, so small and apologetic, sent Castiel to his feet. He needed to move, to pace across the room, to look at things. He crossed toward one of the inset bookshelves, and let his eyes land on a photo of a young man and woman. This was not the couple from the portrait – the clothes were from the wrong era, and the woman’s hair was light and long. It hit Castiel that this must be John and Mary Winchester, early in their courtship. With a measured breath, Castiel let out some of his jumbled musings, thinking aloud. “I poured out everything in those letters. All my childhood bullshit, the isolation.” With a jolt, another piece slotted in to place, and he turned back to Dean. “I came out to you twice, then? And I mooned over you
Cas’s Dad called around 5:30, hoping to speak with the bride and groom, so Cas wandered through the crowd to find them. He watched in contentment as Chuck gave his love and congratulations over FaceTime, and offered an eloquent blessing on their union in his soft-spoken way. They were both effusive with their thanks, and let their appreciation turn upon Cas in the wake of the call, each hugging him deeply and thinking him for his help and support throughout the weekend. He suspected they might have gone on praising him for ages in the haze of their bliss if Aaron hadn’t called the guests to attention for the next stage of the festivities.
Making that final turn himself, Cas thought he might understand what Ellen meant. He was still apprehensive about seeing Dean, sure, but the drama inherent in his panic began to seem childish in this dappled light, leaving only a more distant anxiety behind. This huge house in the middle of nowhere was, in so many ways, his home, and nothing petty or self-destructive could destroy that truth.
When Jess herself emerged, Cas could swear she glowed with joy. Her hair was braided with tiny blue flowers to match the bridal party’s attire, and the train of her soft lacy dress shifted along the carpeted aisle like a creamy river. Both she and her mother beamed as they reached the end of the aisle and parted ways with a silent hug, and from that moment on she only had eyes for Sam.
I believe I mentioned in my last letter that the creator of our final project would be an outsider, a new professor who would come to the Garden, meet us all, and then return at the end of the semester with hand-crafted project guidelines in hand. And, in case I didn’t explain that before, (the downside of hand written letters being that I cannot check…) at least I have done so now.
And that, Archangel, is how I came to write a children’s book last week. I never imagined that sentence coming truthfully from my pen, but here we are. I don’t have a title yet, but it’s the story of a kid who gets picked on by the other mythical creatures at school because she is both a ghost and a dragon. She has taken their taunts to heart, and come to believe that she is “doubly not real” and therefore somehow less than, not enough, the whole nine yards of low self-worth. But then she meets a kind jackalope who offers insights about what “real” even means, and how maybe the other kids’ perspectives on that are simply out of date. “You have a heart and a mind and a will”, the jackalope tells the dragon. “Sounds as real as anyone else, don’t you think?” It turned out to be far more touching than I anticipated, honestly. Even Bela thought so. Krissy recommended I send it to Alfie when I’ve finalized it, because she thought it had good insights into the foster kid mind. And apparently Garth’s brother thinks it sounds like it has legs as a window into an aspect of the trans experience, as well, which hadn’t even occurred to me. Supposedly Kevin’s girlfriend, an artist, is working on some sketches, so I might actually end up with an illustrated draft at some point soon. Wild how a toss away thought can spiral into something so unexpected and broad…
Last on our hall is the inestimable Meg Masters. As of yet, I cannot tell whether she likes me, likes to make fun of me, or wants to jump my bones, but I imagine it’s a combination of all three. So far, she has declared me “the only sane cow on this ranch”, given me my very first nickname (“Cas”), and upgraded me from my usual title of “odd” to “a strange one”. Oh, and she also smacked me affectionately on the behind this morning, which was…different. I’ve never had to come out to someone as an act of defense before, but that strange conversation might be in my future.
I’m sorry, I simply cannot leave it like that, with a stiff word of thanks and nothing more. I meant everything I wrote to you earlier this week, truly, but the dry and pseudo-formal tone was uncalled for. You know by now: this isn’t my way, and I don’t want to leave off on such a disingenuous note.
Couples joined the dance floor at random from there, all apparently content to move together to the sounds of Sam and Jess’s (rather eclectic) playlist. Happier at a table in the corner with his excellent Virgin Watermelon Margarita, Cas simply watched for a while, chatting with the various guests who wandered by as the afternoon wore on. After a while, he found himself alone in his corner with Dean, both of them relaxed and content, despite the heat, chatting about the afternoon’s successes in the fading light.
Why couldn’t he have borrowed a book on tape from the library or something? Or even burned some podcasts onto a CD before leaving? Stupid ancient car making everything more complicated. The daydreams and twisting memories that came with driving in silence were just as significant a threat as falling asleep at the wheel, at this point. He pulled a new CD at random out of the case on the passenger seat and slid it into the player.
Apart from the work, all seems to be well. I’m fully recovered from my illness (have you burned the infamous letter yet? I wasn’t joking about that part.) And excepting some slight misgivings about the Christmas break, I’m in excellent spirits.
If it hadn’t been such a moment of crisis, Cas would have laughed aloud at Dean’s expression. His body had gone completely taut, his face frozen with his lip between his teeth in some sort of aborted show of nerves. Cas worried he might bite right through that lip in panic.
The thing is, in his most embarrassing and annoying daydreams, this possibility had been floated by his traitorous subconscious. Because once upon a time, Dean spent a lot of time in that house right across the street. Not because he lived there, but because his girlfriend did. And he spent a remarkable amount of non-school time with said girlfriend, very likely without ever knowing that Castiel lived right across the street.
My assumption was correct—if the accommodations Bela secured for us are to be called a “cabin”, then perhaps my understanding of the term is out of date. The building did seem to be paneled in logs on the outside, but it was made up of two stories, all heated, and comfortably slept at least 5 adults with plenty of room left for relaxation and recreation. There is also a private hot tub on the back porch, which I can confirm also fits 5 adults as long as everyone involved is willing to get a little cozy.
“Yeah, well, he was cool and funny and hot and actually came close to deserving you, so I hated his guts.” He was smirking, but he sounded a bit guilty about it. “But I couldn’t let him know that, now, could I?”
The thing that had been most startling about Jess’s introduction into the clan, to Castiel, was the contrast it struck. Dean had been with Lisa for several years already by that point, and she was great. Honestly, Cas sort of hated how much he liked her, because his eternal crush really wanted a reason to help break them up. But she was sweet with just the right amount of sass to match Dean, and it was infuriating.
“I’m sorry to interrupt,” Cas says, misreading Dean’s reaction entirely. “Jack freed me just after he left you two, and I’ve been helping him fix Heaven. He insisted I come down to tell you that I was no longer in the Empty, and I tried to explain that it was a poor choice, but…”
I have thought about sharing more with you about the ideas I’m working through on my final project, Archangel, but… I have decided to hold off for now. I know, objectively, that you would not judge my under-formed inklings of ideas, and might even enjoy watching the strange progress they make toward the end result. But in the end, I have decided to wait. For one thing, I have been writing for far too long now, and my hand is starting to hurt. But mostly, I’d like to hold on to my plan a bit longer. I think you will enjoy the element of surprise, here. And if not, then consider it a tiny payback for how little I get to know about you!
And oh, if that didn’t knock the breath right out of Castiel’s chest… Entranced, he whispered, “You think so?”
Something about the tone made that feel like something of a confession. It makes Castiel tilt his head inquisitively. “You say that like it’s a contrast. Is a ‘nice settled life’ not something you’ve always wanted?”
A large factor in my emotional upheaval was almost certainly a reflection of the younger children’s goodbyes. Little Alfie, who is only seven, but has been on the farm for several years, was especially distraught at my departure. His tears will be branded in my mind’s eye forever, I think. He has seen far too much in his young life, and it nearly broke me to leave him behind. But leave I did, with a promise to write him constantly for as long as he wishes. I absolutely sped away once I had entered the car, but had to pull over as soon as I lost sight of the farm to compose myself. Having never had a breakdown like this, I was unnerved, but I suppose the catharsis was needed. It’s hard to start a new chapter without turning the page, no?
“Yeah…” his brother stretches the syllable in a way that indicates his cogs are turning. He goes back to eating his rabbit food, but he’s clearly still thinking about it when he asks, “You said the witch blew some sort of dust or ash on his face?”
“So, uh, Sam may have found something—someone who might be able to help. She’s not too far, but I gotta go see her in person.”
“Come on, sweetheart.” Dean plucks the glass out of Castiel’s hands. “Maybe we can get this stem to grow into a bush next year.” He winks as he starts up the stairs.
“Uh,” Sam stammers. His lips curl between his teeth as he searches for his words. “How’ve you been feeling since that witch hunt, Cas?”
“Hanahaki, the flower petals, they are a manifestation of unspoken words. If Castiel doesn’t know you’re in love with him, if he honestly believes that his love is unrequited, then his health will continue to deteriorate. It’s all about perceived requittal! The unrequited love is what may kill, but the silence is what tightens the rope.” She sounds excited now, her hands waving around as she talks. “The curse of Hanahaki, at its most successful, is two-fold. Castiel shoulders the curse because he doesn’t want to burden you, and you are also tortured through having to watch your love suffer.”
Sam doesn't respond for a while, and when Dean looks up from his griping, he notices his brother eyeing him with an indecipherable look.
“Clearly it isn’t, Sam. Because the guy keeps getting worse and there’s nothing we can do about it,” he lets out an exasperated sigh, rounding his shoulders with it just to emphasize how done he is with this conversation, but Sam isn’t backing down.
Misaki shakes her head lightly, her back to Dean. “I’m sorry to hear that. How long has he been sick?”
“Dean!” Sam must have been expecting him because he’s at the bottom of the stairs as soon as Dean walks through the doors. The tension he holds in his tall frame tells Dean everything he needs to know. “Whatever you have, I hope it works.”
“Feeling alright, there?” He kneels down next to him, hand back on his shoulder, brows creasing when Castiel lets out a tiny cough.
Dean mutters a curse under his breath. “About a half hour. Keep him awake, tell him I’ll see him soon, alright?”
He lets his sentence trail off, unable to even speak the words. His jaw clenches so tight it’s almost painful. Neither says another word and Dean goes back to chopping onions just to break the silence.
As soon as he steps outside he breathes in a lungful of fresh air. Fall is well on its way, and the evening air is crisp even with the constant hint of dirt and musk from the old power plant. Dean continues to take long breaths, willing his heart rate to even out with little success.
“I may still be fairly new at this, but even I know that you can’t convince someone to love you.” His voice is barely above a whisper and tinted with so much sadness that it hits Dean like a ton of bricks.
to think of the way Castiel looks at him—because thinking about the possibility of Castiel looking at him like he’s anything special, as if he’s deserving of even the notion, makes the fact that it
"Well his family is a bunch of dicks," retorts Dean with a shake of his head. He avoids making eye contact with his brother, his brain working fast to figure out a way to get Sam off of this line of thinking.
“Sammy’ll take good care of you while I’m gone, and, uh, I’ll be back before you know it, ‘kay? You won’t even know I’m gone.”
Dean huffs out a watery laugh. He unclasps one hand to bring it to Castiel’s face, gently wiping away a droplet of sweat that runs down his forehead.
There’s a small grin on Misaki’s face as she explains, “It’s an omamori charm. For driving safety. I have a feeling you might need it.” She tosses the charm to the hunter, closing the cabin door quietly once she sees him get to his car.
“Ain’t gonna happen,” he turns back to the counter, hoping that Sam will take it as the dismissal it is. Of course, he doesn’t.
