Sherlock’s right hand, “This is for when I wanted to kiss you right in front of the cursed Woman.” Sherlock laughed.
Sherlock took up working cases again, John by his side. Without a fairy tale villain, the average case was less intense than those of their earlier years. Also, this time around Sherlock made an effort to come back home, to stay in touch, to sleep with John.
So John put the kettle on and talked about the witness, wondering what they had found in the hospital. When he brought the mug over to Sherlock. He found him profoundly asleep once more.
The TD-12  induced waking hallucinations and a quasi hypnotic submissive state. Each of us had different experiences with the drug. John had vivid dreams of having an affair with a woman he saw on his commute. He thought Ella was working against him. Mary told him I was conspiring with Mycroft against them. Convinced him I was in love with Molly, that she had replaced him on the cases and that I wanted to imprison him to keep him from helping Mary. That’s why later he believed I had called him and Mary to the aquarium and got her shot in a confrontation with the ‘real’ villain.
That decidedly made John as giddy as a teenager. So what if Sherlock and Charlie were talking. Good for Sherlock to make new friends. Sherlock had thought of him. Maybe even missed him. That seemed like some progress to John.
Sherlock was living his days in absolute terror. He couldn’t eat, he couldn’t sleep, his skin was driving him crazy. He could not go on without Rosie in his life. Simply couldn’t. He had been able to turn on the act, and take care of Watson, see that she took her medicine, that she didn’t have a fever, they played cards and watched TV.  He let Mrs. Hudson do the cooking and went through the motions of their weekends together, thankfully scaled down because she was sick, and so sad.
To Sherlock’s surprise, things went spectacularly. They ordered fish and chips, and got dinner out of the way. Then everybody helped setting up the experiments. They consisted of what worked best to curl, straighten or color dolls’ hair. Nyla had an excess of “My London Girl” dolls that were ready for giving away, so they had picked some for the experiment.
John was busy picking up the clothes that tumbled out when the basket and the detergent fell to the floor. Sherlock swept up the powder as John didn’t look at him.
So, John went on with his life. He took up volunteer hours to work with homeless and senior veterans, he joined an online dating site, where he profiled himself as straight. If he got a text asking for his professional opinion, he ignored it. He had coffee with Molly and most nights were quiet, after Rosie went to bed, some telly, not thinking about Sherlock, no. John didn’t dream about their night together, never reached out to bring him close as he woke up. At least that’s what he told himself.
“This is us, putting back together the pieces that work, fitting in new ones that work better than before. You and I against the rest of the world, love.” Now John was having trouble getting the words out.
“Hi monkey. Yes, I love the flat, sweetheart. I love being home even more.” The girls squeaked and grabbed each other’s hands.
-Surprisingly well. Charlie is smart and insightful and we happen to share experiences. Also a liking for Mango Rum. SH
“Yes! And I would love to see anyone try to stop me! Oh and put Harris on the phone, I haven’t notified him of our status change yet.”
“Our young lady had a sleepover. I thought I could interest you in a ride, but that doesn’t seem to be in the cards.” He smiled.
Then came the unmistakable sound of flesh on flesh, a man on the wrong side of the fists and the laughter of the assailant’s companions. Many against one. John could just walk by, that lit avenue was beckoning to him, but the injustice of it made him take a better look. Three burly men, one administering the pounding, two holding the owner of the baritone down. The person was more of a boy than a man; skin and bones, unruly mop of hair who had the nerve of having a smirk on his face even as he got hit.
“Is there anybody you know that works with the homeless, Mike? Anybody willing to come down to the underground?” Sherlock pleaded. Somebody was poisoning these men and he needed proof to hand to Donovan.
“He told Rosie’s teacher we were “separated because we had never been married, therefore couldn’t divorce.”
“Well, since you have invited me to be your flatmate, do you want to come over to mine, until you can move into the other flat?” John asked with a smile.
He hadn’t given Lizbeth much thought before, concentrating on his new friendship with Charlie. But listening to her account now, it seemed to him the English woman must have reasons for such an uncharacteristic turnover. He wondered what those reasons could be.
The front door of the flat opened and Mrs. Hudson came in. “Don’t” she warned, looking at his lifted fist. “He’s not going to let you in. You best be going home, John. Rosie is resting, she’ll be better in the morning.”
“I’m close, too, just your hand…” Sherlock took John’s cock in his hand and stroked it to the rhythm of his thrusting. Sherlock wanted to watch as John started to come, but when he felt John’s body squeeze him in his climax, he couldn’t stop himself and in a couple of thrusts, he came in John’s body.  He then flopped onto his lover, John letting out a surprised ‘oof’ at his weight.
John had tons more to say, but Rosie’s classroom teacher Ms. Lane, came towards them. “Dr. Watson, Mr. Holmes, how good to see both of you here! Rosie’s presentation is just marvelous! I’ve had other teachers come over to comment about it.
He also spoke of Mycroft, as his first friend and magnificent archenemy and how much of an influence he had been in his life when going through school problems. He said, in spite of the usual older/younger brother dynamic, Mycroft had always been willing to help and protect Sherlock and the ones he loved. He couldn’t resist some funny stories, but they were in good taste. Finally, he invited everyone to stand and toast for the grooms, then entered the reception as second dancer, with mummy after the grooms had the first dance.
Rosie was no help either: “Oh John, Sherlock is fine. He’s still at uncle Mycroft’s. They are getting along well. If you want to know stuff about him, call him. Or text him, or visit him!”
“Ha! At least I get my choice you queer, freaking bastard! At least my “best friend”, didn’t throw me to the curb cause he was fed up and couldn’t wait to see the last of …” He never finished his sentence, his words being interrupted by a mighty  confrontation with John Watson’s fist.
John was so happy Sherlock was finally answering his texts he slipped and called him “git”. John couldn’t be sure what had gone wrong, but he thought it might have been calling him by what was practically a pet name between them.  Sherlock did not respond to any more texts. John thought he might just go to the party anyway. It would spare Sherlock if the party got to be too much.
“Soooo…” she whispered to him with a smile, bumping his shoulder with hers  “...I take it no more african boyfriends….”
“He told me he wouldn’t be traveling, Sherlock. After the conferences, he’ll be home based. Brighten up, mate! He wants to be with you.”
“Because of that, and because I would prefer he didn’t know I’m sick. He’s...we’re broken up. He shouldn’t have to worry about me anymore.” at that Mycroft “humphed”
-You would have done nose. Even if it didn’t break, it would have gushed. Making it satisfactory punishment for ruining our last day. SH
Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes, turning his back on John once more, missing the dazzled expression on the doctor’s face. Lestrade didn’t miss it though, and smiled.
The next day, after breakfast, the guests took their leaves, as the Holmes, Harry, Meg, and the Holmes-Lestrade prepared for their trip. Harry and Meg were clearly happy for them, and Mr and Mrs Holmes assured them Rosie would be fine.
“Fair enough. I believe the worst of it is the beginning. We will have to talk about the most recent history, what brought you to this point. I will ask you Sherlock. Is there anyone who you think of when you choose not to overdose? Someone that leads you to come to me instead?” Dr. Quentin asked gently.
“I’m here now. And this is beautiful, and I’m an idiot. But I’m your idiot, and I won’t leave again. This time we will say what we mean. I love you and you are my home.” He put his hands gently on the detectives face. When Sherlock finally looked at him, his eyes were moist, and he seemed to have trouble talking. So John kissed him, gently, lovingly, until he could talk again.
The man left. John was pacing uncomfortably. “Are we really going to wait till the morning, Sherlock? He could be gone by then!”
“Enough Rosie! I called him and left him a message. I’ll give you guys extra days for three weeks of your choosing. Harry is off from work and I wanted to see her. She said come over and you two can do something special.”
"Not one bit. But if you call me ‘little Molly’ one more time, I will tie you up, and not in a good way.”
They sat in silence for a while as they sipped their tea. When it became clear Sherlock would not start the conversation, he took a deep breath and started with:
Two men, separated, a family divided. Each coping in the way they know how. That's where we left them. In this Chapter, a good friend celebrates an early retirement. There will be a show, good food, dancing and ...alcohol? What are two recently broken up blokes with leftover feelings to do in a situation like this? This chapter gets its rating upgraded to E. Unfortunately, as
“You and Sherlock were both at Rosie’s science expo?” John nodded and folded his hands on his lap. “How was it? Did you argue? Did it go well?”
John couldn’t help a quiet chuckle. Sherlock did have a way about him, even while telling him how to raise his kid. John left the tent to go train with the guys.
When the song ended, the guest took their seats, the grooms sat on a decorated bench, and John held Sherlock’s hand. Mike made a show of stretching, moving his head around and started, “If anyone has something important to do, in the next three hours, too bad. That is how long we will be here.”
Rosie sighed. “Nevermind, you both made it, that’s what counts.”  Rosie said in a clipped tone, as she stood between them.
John stayed until the responders took down his notes, then, with a nod to Harris, ran to see if he could find Sherlock. They had their gps on, so he found them, in time to note people closing their windows. The trio ran close to each other, John chasing them from the floor.
John went to him. Sat next to him on the small couch, brought him into his arms. He looked into Sherlock’s eyes, hoping he could convey how sorry he was for his mistakes, how much he had missed him, how much he felt for him. His hand went through Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock draped himself across John’s chest, hiding his head in the crook of his neck, his hand holding on to John’s comfy blue vest. John moved a gentle hand up and down his back, then reaching to his cheek. When Sherlock raised his head and looked at John, he could still see hurt and doubt in the man’s eyes, in spite of what he had just said. John would have done anything, to take those feelings away. His eyes went wet. Sherlock kissed him, joining their lips as if he were to get burned. Different, so different from the kisses they had been sharing recently, from what they had shared before. These kisses were tentative, soft, loving. Sherlock stood up, taking John’s hand. John lead them to the small bedroom, noting that Sherlock dropped his phone on the bookshelf.
As have you dear readers, kudo givers, commentors, interaction with you lights up my days! Thanks for reading along, suffering with Sherlock, cheering Rosie on, having faith in John! Good things are coming! Time to enjoy them!
Mrs Hudson, looked everywhere. “Well, Sherlock has a few new friends, John. He has been working on his social behaviors.”
Harry wore a thoughtful expression. “But he was never expressive, right? I remember when Meghan’s family came to visit and you guys came over for the picnic. He introduced you to everyone as ‘my best friend’, even though you were clearly holding hands and dancing together. I called him on it. He explained the two of you had agreed to not be obvious in public because you feared they could be targeted.”
“Well, you could have asked me, you know. As it is, I have no problem assisting both you and ‘Edward’, whom apparently you have been working with.” That came out wrong. It sounded sort of angry...jealous.
At the other end of the dining room, there was a guest bathroom, and finally, a room that had a washer like one John had openly admired, a dryer, shoe racks and closets for out of season clothing and space to keep linen and towels.
“Sherlock, go there and get ready! We have team races!” Rosie said as she dashed away to the trampoline with Jackson. Sherlock walked distractedly towards the mountain and John followed, a couple of paces behind.
“No. I did date  women for the first six months. I didn’t have sex with all of them. None of them held my interest beyond the first couple of dates…”
One thing Sherlock was adamant about was not having a ceremony. He had accepted a dinner at their new cottage in Sussex Downs, but resisted making any vows and refused any notions of preparing a “wedding”.
An eternity went by and silence on the phone. John could picture Sherlock blinking in his “error” mode.
“It’s not over yet,” said John, “how many nights have we spent just like this? You and I in our chairs, in front of the fire, just the two of us?” John asked with dreamy eyes.
John had him in his mouth, alternating between sucking and licking him. He sucked on the tip of his cock, laving his way down the shaft of it to mouth the bollocks, and the puckered ring of muscle beyond.
The screeches turned into squeals when Rosie noticed the signs on the turn John made. Sherlock turned to ask her what was the matter, and she could only say, “The dogs!! The dogs, Papá, the dooogss!” After everything they had gone through, Sherlock didn’t seem to place the name, but when he did, he turned around to gawk at John. “Murray’s Birthday place? The Huskies, John?" When John nodded yes, Sherlock’s smile was wider than Rosie’s.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. Sally insisted “and you look like a strong wind could whisk you away.”
“There you go, calmly. You don’t want to make a mistake and hurt an officer.” He continued his slow, small steps towards them. “Just put the gun down, give us a little information…”
“One therapist who at least tried to make a  difference and my brother, who has kept files on me spanning from my birth. I believe those will prove the most helpful.”
Sherlock was speaking loudly, his voice still rough and uneven, “Yes I will leave now, and no, I do not care what instructions come from ‘higher up’ because there is nothing to legally hold me back!” A somewhat muffled and hoarse voice becoming clearer, a nurse, the cute one that had made eyes at him. “...going to need someone to make sure the swelling goes down and you can breathe.”
“Sherlock, it could be better for you than a visit to hospital. Some kind of assistance  is necessary for you to go on with your life, brother. You are not working, you stay inside, you can’t be at Baker Street, and John has been pestering Greg asking after you and why you remain here. I think he believes I’m keeping you against your will.” Mycroft said.
Sherlock went on with cases. He texted John with questions about a skin condition, whether it would be a sign of poisoning. John didn’t answer. On another occasion, he texted asking the average size of a young female adult spleen. No answer.
He gave her arm a little squeeze and kissed her cheek, then flew up the stairs to grab the bag he kept ready.
“Well then, Dr Hooper, I will go anywhere you want me to, and you can show me these good and bad ways you have learned and taught yourself.” They kissed, and soon, Molly was throwing the cats out of the room and closing the door.
“Playing around? Is he mental? Has he not ever spoken to Lestrade? He values your help, seeks you out for it! And when those tossers in University made your life hell, did your family help you!? Your brother is no longer the only constant in your life, Sherlock. I got you now. I’m on your side.” John declared, feeling red hot anger against this brother of Sherlock's.
-Hey! Hi!! How have you been? This for a case? Married/ divorced, committed relationship/ broken up.
“John, people will definitely talk now” said Sherlock, with mock horror. “I certainly hope they do!” John said loudly, “I want everyone to know we belong to one another.” and grabbed Sherlock’s hand, not letting it go.
Sherlock looked at the man’s friendly expression. John would be in conference until after lunch. It was only 9:14 am. The man was not asking him for dinner. This was good, right? He would tell John about it. John would be happy Sherlock made a friend. “Scones!" he said to the man  “It’s your first time in England. Taste some decent scones.”
“Shut up, just shhh.” Sherlock started rocking upwards, a pained expression on his beautiful face. John adjusted his position, and at Sherlock’s next shallow thrust, he yelped, having found what he was looking for, and did it again, and again. His cock hardened fast, and finally, John started moving. Sherlock started moaning in earnest, his arms flailing, his hand grabbing on to his curls. his voice went high, his eyes unfocused. “John! Oh mon Dieu!” “père tout-puissant!” “Harder!, harder!” It was all so arousing, John couldn’t think, he instinctively slowed down some, and held Sherlock’s arms down a bit, applying some pressure, letting him catch his breath.
“Many prior experiences of me asking you for active participation in a case where I am involved, only lead to your rejection. I didn’t have a reason to think it would be different on this occasion.”
Rosie explained, "When I opened my ChromeBook in class to write our sentences, I saw there was a message, but I didn’t read it until I was done with my work. It said that they were tired of waiting for me to respond to them with the bank numbers, and that they were going to get me anytime. I panicked and called you. Remember when we were talking about terror attacks? You said to look for a place to hide that had a phone nearby. I went into a couple of empty rooms, but then I remembered, Mrs. Ruiz’s desk has a phone and there is the supply closet behind it.”
The cottage had a nice low lighting, there was a fire in the fireplace and there was John, an absolute vision in his uniform, looking at him with a smile.
“I only know about the women. But I think that’s what he missed, when he was with me. He was also married before we were together, to Rosie’s mother. She passed away, but their marriage was already quite troubled.”
“The best way of successfully acting a part, is to be it. I needed to be an addicted, homeless, youth. I was working a case. Those Germans are trafficking young homeless people. I needed to attract them and infuriate them to get information.The DI doesn’t know who they are. I saw them all, know their names. I can identify them. I was also giving the government the finger.”
“I will guide you to better manage your challenges. I have dedicated myself to finding ways of helping adults who are neurologically divergent or mentally ill. I have researched, consulted with specialists, argued with the conventional, closed minded ones, and tailored my assistance to each individual. Do you have a diagnosis of psychopathy?”
So now he wasn’t sure if he should laugh, or despair that the one person that fit his brother like a glove, that one particular person, was the same that had an enemy in one Sebastian Moran. He remembered a quote, from an author he had read in his youth “I...see coincidence everywhere as an inevitable consequence of the laws of probability, according to which having no unusual coincidence is far more unusual than any coincidence could possibly be.” (Isaac Asimov- “The Planet That Wasn’t”)
John turned on his stomach, giving Sherlock full view of his buttocks. “Now massage my thighs. Do you remember the right pressure? Careful with the bad one.” It was a plot, his leg was fine.
John smiled. The word sounded alien in his mouth. He caressed Sherlock’s back, his cheeks, his hard thighs.
-What is this insistence with the idea that I can not attend birthday parties with Watson? Saturday is my responsibility, and therefore I shall be there. I am a consulting detective of international fame, surely I can manage three to four hours of children playing, singing, running around and having tons of sugar. For your information, Rosie and I have already chosen the gift for the young lad. A pirate costume. Rosie assured me Jackson has a healthy obsession with Black Beard. Furthermore, the party is in a park, with various activities. SH
*At some point he must have fallen asleep because Sherlock woke him up, minty breathed, kissing him, his lips, his face, his scar.
People started exiting the auditorium, having to sign the children out in order to leave. The concert signaled the closure of the school year. Friends and family who had attended started leaving. Rosie saw Nyla and Pepsi and ran to hug them.
John took the flannel that he had lay out next to the bed and cleaned himself with it, then went to clean Sherlock’s tummy, but the man wouldn’t let him. “No, I’m fine, I’ll use the toilet later.”
“Yes, Mrs Hudson, Mycroft congratulated me because John proposed. I accepted.” He rose his hand to show his ring. She looked at it and touched it, rubbing her finger on it’s ridges. “And are you sure about this, love? He is a dashing man, and we love him, I know, but do you believe it will be better now?”
“No. I think he might have had too much to drink and left me an angry voicemail. I erased it. The texts were just my name…”
This chapter earns the story's "E". The men finally move in to Baker Street. Mrs Hudson is delighted. She is so happy to have a doctor in the house. She is even happier for Sherlock.  He comes across John's memory box and helps himself to its contents. Fortunately, John is not really upset. They collaborate with Lestrade to try and discover the identity of the man who seemed to know both Sherlock and John. It is not so easy to narrow down the identity of the man, and who he is working with, but Sherlock is finding that with John, things are definitely better, and new experiences are easier when collaborating.
“Calm down, you right git.” said John, affectionately. He looked at his chart. The nurse looked from him to Sherlock and back again, wide eyed. John talked to her, “Everything seems to be in place, vitals alright, levels of oxygenation within normal limits. His primary doctor will sign his release.”
“John...You have dated… I’m sure you can find another partner, maybe a nice woman? Even if Sherlock wasn’t dating, would you really just get back together with him? Would you be willing to go through it all again? The not knowing, the fights, the silences? I thought you were determined to move on?” Molly asked
Not good, not good, what had happened? John had been smiling, happy when he wrapped his hands and they practiced with the teardrop bags. He had been laughing while the trainer talked about Sherlock’s mixed martial arts sneak attacks. Now, when they were in the ring for sparing, he looked about to faint. When Sherlock approached him, John’s eyes were unfocused, scaring him badly, but he came to, pale and unsteady. Sherlock took him off the ring, got water and they sat down. John was looking at his face. It clicked. That had been so long ago.
The conversation stuck in John’s head all day. He decided to take a break between shifts for dinner, and went to the Yard. Donovan found him talking with some of the older men. “Dr. Watson. May I help you?” She asked, arms crossed.
“Not only am I certain it is broken, it’s broken in three places. It’s hard to see this fracture here…” he showed her on the x-ray “...on the cuneiform bone. It appears to have slid out of place. You’ll need an MRI to see it clearly. The fracture on the phalange is simple, were it the only issue, a cast and six weeks of rest would be enough, but here…” John looked at the husband, who was grey with anguish, and the teacher, who looked incredulous.  “...the metatarsal has not only broken, but shattered. You will need an operation to remake the bone and prevent future deformation. Sorry, it will be a whole season before you can go back to work. Depending on your surgeon and your commitment to healing, you might be able to start your class next year. Till then, it’ll be bed rest, foot up for a month at least, then walking with crutches from 6-8 weeks.”
“It’s gonna be tough. You guys just started up again. Well, he’s been known for being “married to the work”."
You messed me up too. You got in my head and sank in deep. All the beatings, for as much as looking at a boy. All the drilling about my friends and my girlfriends. Always telling me a real man likes women, that it was dirty to want men, that gay men weren’t real men but abominations, and that if I liked a gay man I was scum, that only garbage takes it up the bum, that all gay men were out to get the “real ones”, to make us lesser men like them. You said it so much, you beat it into me so much, that when I found the love of my life, he terrified me. I couldn’t admit to what I felt thinking it would somehow diminish him, the smartest man alive, to be associated with garbage such as me.
Sherlock crinkled his nose and  shook his head furiously. “I made a friend at a club a while ago. He invited me to travel with him for his meeting.”
Mycroft, Greg, Harry and Mrs. Hudson got to sign their Marriage Certificate after the grooms themselves. Claire, Kaia and Mel turned on the bubble machines and the guests cheered as Mike finally got to say “Now the Groom may kiss the Other Groom!!” and John kissed Sherlock, dipping him almost to the floor. Sherlock stood up, blushing fiercely as the singer, Quincy Rivers, announced, “ Ladies and Gentlemen, the Grooms’ Dance! Give it up for the Watson-Holmes!”
“It would not have, but John didn’t accept it. He chose you. John took you with him so you could see for yourself what about it excited him. Did you go with him to the conferences?”
When they, or more precisely Sherlock, had finished inspecting the enormous “backyard” which had grown wild for lack of a caretaker, they took a walk along the border. The “cottage” was a gorgeous house two floors, three bedrooms, two bathrooms. It managed to keep its original old time flair, and John was very pleased with it. There were some minor renovations and updates, but they were not urgent. The outside did need attention sooner rather than later.
“Yes. You see, when the man called you ‘the next Director’, you could see the shock in Sherlock’s face. Then he said, “John wouldn’t do that, we live in London.” The asshole saw the look in his eyes and latched on to it. He said you had told him you had been developing a ‘commuting plan’ as a contingency, and explained it. That was when Sherlock just did an about face and hurried away. I ran after him. See, I have a husband who is bound to do stupid things in situations like this, like go fishing for Vicodin. I just wanted to see that Sherlock was safe. Then you came.”
As the next couple of days went by, a new word was added to the flat’s vocabulary; “Bored!”. Sherlock had run out of cold cases, Lestrade was out of town with his kids, and the genius had already experimented with spices, cleaning detergent and different kinds of tobacco products to produce numerous types of ash, while John kept up as many locum hours as he could.
The Curly One responded; “Well, since we did have quite a repertoire of activities built up, you might want to narrow it down, John."
“I heard you were dating Sarah, doctor Watson? I mean, wouldn’t that interfere with your availability for Sherlock? His cases, of course.”
John and Sherlock have just had such a gleeful wedding that I cannot recommend anyone other than the great
Even though Mel Stamford always claimed to be, Rosie found out what “freaking out” meant on Thursday, at noon. Instead of her usual time she was woken up at the crack of dawn.
Ms. Lane stayed, talking to them both: “ Now that I have you here, I would like to give you a heads up. The new unit we will begin next week deals with family. Our first topic will be family trees.”
“That sounds great! How is he doing? Is he still seeing Ian?” John smiled at the slip, “Yeah, he still sees Dr.Quentin. A couple of times a month. He feels he helps him practice putting his emotions into words, and saying what he actually wants to communicate.”
“Next time do, and we’ll go on a holiday at his expense. Somewhere scandalous, like Las Vegas and use his card and his ID to get into the Casinos and gay bars.”
“Come here, of course I will hold you.”  John collected his still trembling genius  in his arms and did just that, reveling in being with him like this in their bed, until his breath had evened out and his body was still. John marveled at how much he had missed him, missed being with him at their home, knowing they didn’t have to separate anymore. He fell asleep too.
Sherlock tried to keep up by kissing John back and cupping his bollocks. John finished rubbing his beard on Sherlock’s legs, then went directly to his cock. He started by kissing the tip of Sherlock’s long, straight erection. He used a hand to cover the cock’s base, the other to tease his nipples. John teased him putting the head of his cock in his mouth and sucking hard, then taking in more and more as Sherlock panted, and groaned,  arching up into John’s hot, tight lips. John gave him a lick from bottom to head and took his mouth away, rubbing Sherlock’s cock and groin area with the beard until he felt the younger man’s legs tremble; “Stop!! Stop John!! Not yet!”
Sherlock and John are living a fairy tale romance. Everything is new, and exciting, and beautiful. Sherlock knows well, though, that every fairy tale, has a villain. Where did he meet his? Did the man who filled his flat with articles and pictures of Sherlock ever actually know him? Sherlock and John go back to a place in Sherlock's past, to retrace his steps. What did the villain see in the boy? More importantly, what will this mean for Sherlock? for John?
“Sherlock, I would never compromise your health. I wasn’t aware that you were unwell while we weren’t communicating. I’m here because it’s the only place I want to be. I have made many mistakes Sherlock, and the biggest one I’ve made lately is underestimating our relationship, our family. I thought there was something outside of it I wanted. I was upset that you had focused on ever more complicated cases, that you didn’t need me anymore, so I left. Even when I constantly told you we were broken up, when I was loaded with anger, and went out on dates, I failed to consider you might turn your interest elsewhere, that you might find another person to help you, another doctor, another partner in business, another lover. When I realized you were able to move on without me, I saw everything I loved, slipping away from me, and Beverly and Harry helped me come back to my senses.
“Oh, I might have brought toys with me. To use. We can do it tonight, I would like to top, and use the toy on you. I would love to hear your howl.”
“So, does Sherlock know?" Nyla asked. The year would be ending soon and the summer festival performances were shaping up. The solo performers knew their time spots.
John decided to send a text. “Hey! Saw the videos! Looks like the experiment was a success! And like everyone had fun! I kind of wished I’d been there too.” Not that he would have gone. It was Sherlock’s night and he never got invited to the “New 221B” as he thought of it, but he had worked late last night.
“No, then again, no family members, an alcoholic best friend, who’s going to report it? He only talked to me because I asked if he had heard about the disappearances or had anyone suspicious approach him with any kind of offer.”
“Just default, John.” Sherlock said, looking out the window. John said no more, but wondered about the tons of texts Sherlock received daily.
When he got there, after almost an hour, he started feeling a little suspicious. ‘What are you up to Mike?’ he thought. He saw a police car close the tube station exit, a tall bearded man, “Detective Inspector Harris?“ he asked. Mike had promised Donovan was not the attending.
John sat next to him, grabbing his extended hand, putting his other hand in his hair. “I’m here, love. I’m here. Talk to me in English…”
John smiled. “If I weren’t full of surprises, you would be bored of me, right? Good night Sherlock. Sleep, alright? We’ll talk tomorrow. I had a good time. I think I’ll ask you out again.”
“Wait! You can’t access the registrar! You don’t have the clearance!!” DI Harris was suddenly agitated.
“I know her too! Rosie doesn’t need all that knowledge. She needs a social life, friends, interactions with people. She needs to go out to movies, play sports, hang out with her friends, have sleepovers, not just study science and facts that will only isolate her…” John raised his voice over Sherlock's.
The goosebumps that raised on his skin surprised Sherlock. John had asked two questions, and his body reacted immediately. He compared his body’s visceral response to Rosie’s dancing and yelling pleasure at getting a bicycle for Christmas when she had been five. Sherlock took John’s face in his hands, had him look up. He knew the affection he felt would be plain in his eyes. “You went away once and had a wife, a house, a family. Then you came back to me. You left me again, saying you couldn’t handle me anymore, that we were done for good, but now you’re coming back to me once more. I let you go. I let you be free. I’ve let you look for the life that would make you happy. You are choosing to come back home because you are mine. Mine.”
“I see more of a lack of efficient communication than an attempt to manipulate, John. Maybe if the two of you talked…”
He fell next to Sherlock in the bed and Sherlock immediately turned around to hold him tight, sharing the spent fluids between them. “You ok?” he asked him, Sherlock nodded yes, but said nothing, hiding his face in John’s neck. John thread his fingers through Sherlock’s curls and pretended he didn’t feel the wetness pooling on his shoulder, nor did he comment about Sherlock’s irregular breathing. When he had calmed, John got up. Sherlock sat up in the bed, looking as if he were getting up. “What are you doing? Wait. give me a minute.” John went to the bathroom, washed up and brought Sherlock a flannel, proceeding to clean him up. When he was done cleaning them, Sherlock got up. Instead of heading towards the loo, he seemed to be going to the living room.
The doctor and Sherlock had completely opposing views, and Sherlock could not help deducing the older man’s reasons, and the older man’s obvious pride of his position and happy to lord it over Sherlock. The detective not only provided plenty of proof to support his point of view in an impressively scientific manner, he also threw in some eye opening deductions. The doctor decided the best tactic was retreat.
The lights came back on, the buffet and bar opened and music started playing. To John’s surprise, Sherlock did not miss a beat. He took off his suit jacket and lay it on a chair. He took Donovan’s hand and they started to dance, “Pour Some Sugar on Me”. And by god they looked hot together, their bodies undulating, each of them close to the other, starting to sweat. Then “Don’t You Want Me Baby”. John danced with Molly, and then Greg came to take her out, but John mostly stood next to the bar, looking at the dancers, specifically one of them. Eventually, he went to the buffet, finding some excellent food, the Yard had really splurged. The whisky at the bar was also excellent. He saw Sherlock down it, quite a few times, before going back to the dance floor, dancing with Tara, Lestrade’s youngest, then with a lady officer, who looked so grateful to have been picked.
Sherlock, in lieu of a material gift for John, had set up a foundation for Veterans of war, named it “Gratitude” and boosted it on social media, with Wiggins as one of its patrons. He brought up the page to show John now that it was officially Christmas. Sherlock had started it two months ago, and as a result, all the veterans currently in hospital or in the outpatient Vet’s program at Bart would get a care packet, tailored to their needs, plus a Christmas Dinner.
John had promised to go by 221, where Sherlock said he had already left some of his things, and retrieve his laptop, thinking Sherlock’s self imposed house arrest would be coming to an end soon. At the moment, he was having lunch with Sarah again, while a pretty blonde nurse sat at a nearby table and made eyes at him.
"He confuses me. His demeanor and his attitude were quite different to  the last time we were together. John reached out. He had been texting me. He was friendly with me and we talked like we did in our earliest years. Even when we met Luther, he never lost his temper. When I left with him, John seemed disappointed… John  called me the next morning to ask me to erase some voicemails. He had texted me. I only found out once I left Luther and looked at my phone in the cab.”
The drivers succumbed to poisoning, falling asleep and dying without recovering consciousness hours after their fatal encounter. Sherlock took the bus, calculated the average speed the drivers used. He graphed the speed at each different stop and kept tabs on them. When he saw a bus slow down drastically, he sent in Donovan, to check on the driver. He’s been poisoned, but after a couple of difficult days, he survived. Sherlock interrogated him and the man recalled the stop where a guy got on and struck up a conversation. The suspect had told him he used to be a driver, they talked shop. The bus swayed and the man almost fell. The driver held out his hand, the man took it, driver felt a tiny pinch, nothing really, bus started slowing down three stops later.
John looked at himself in the mirror. He should stay in and sleep. Staying asleep had not been easy lately. He kept thinking about things, such as Sherlock at his wedding. “The two people who love you most in the world…” Or Sherlock, quietly naming Mary as his shooter. His poor face when John had hit him at hospital. Sherlock’s expression when he heard John say “as always” to Sholto’s question “You two still ‘best friends’? 5 years into their relationship.
Sherlock and the thief were wrestling about a block away from John’s building. Suddenly, the well dressed robber stopped and raised a hand to wave at John. Sherlock started to turn and the man knocked him out, picked him up as if he were a sack of flour and put him in the back of his blue van, taking off seconds before John could reach them.
“So, thanks to your investigation, the two ladies are re-evaluating their relationship?” He sat in his armchair, much like his patient would, legs crossed, hands intertwined at chest level.
“During a mission before Serbia, I lived in Sydney for a while. Distances were long, and public transportation wasn’t available to all the places I needed to go. A bike was a necessity. I grew quite fond of mine.”
Lizbeth snarled; “You sodding berk! “ John stepped in front of Sherlock, although in all truth, he could have kicked him in the shins himself.
They sat on the bed, John’s hand going up and down his back, talking soothingly, but Sherlock was beyond trying to understand. John got off the bed, took his and Sherlock’s shoes off and took off his own shirt. Sherlock helped him with that, as John undressed him. Then they got in the bed together, in their room, at home, for the first time in almost a year. Sherlock had kept his pants on, while John was naked, he had kept the soft light of the lamp on, while Sherlock had closed the curtains and turned off every other light. The detective clung to his partner for what felt as a long time, overwhelmed, trembling. John got up on his arm and touched Sherlock’s cheekbones. “I’ve missed you so much, love. I’ve missed this.” Sherlock also touched John’s face. John continued, his hand gentle over Sherlock’s body, returning to his face, to touch his lips, to run his fingers through his hair. “John, would you be terribly disappointed, if… No, never mind.”
“Yeah, she’s our landlady, but more like our adoptive mum. Would you mind telling me what happened?”
“More…” Sherlock said and he sat up and took off his clothes, keeping his pants on, like John. He kissed him passionately, his hands roaming awkwardly all over John’s body, while John caressed Sherlock’s back, then let his hand wander, touching his hips, his thighs, his arse. John was thrilled with Sherlock’s entire body, masculine, muscular.  Vibrant, every touch, every new body part arousing him more. He eased his hand inside Sherlock’s pants and grasped at his erect cock. He had an electrifying feeling of this being so right, his own prick starting to leak. Sherlock made a delicious noise filled with lust, and then hid his head in John’s neck. John said, “None of that, let me hear you.”
Charlie, however, had a chosen topic. “Sherlock, We don’t really know each other, but I think we do kind of share a situation here...my wife, that is Lizbeth and I, are getting a divorce. Sorry, but Nyla and Rosie talk, so I know you are going through the same.”
-It’s alright, love. We’ll get our dance. Want to come over to the flat tomorrow evening? We can prepare dinner and then take Rosie out for a walk at the park.
Rosie had inevitably heard some of the loudest, nastiest bits. There had been a scene when John came to pick her up Sunday morning. Rosie had lost it, saying she wanted to stay with Sherlock, not letting go of the door frame until John promised the visits would not be changed. Rosie relented, but Sherlock remained skeptical.
“Yes! Everyone was there, it was part of what made it overwhelming for him. Though he conducted himself impeccably. That night he came to our flat and spent the night with Rosie. Her name is Rosalie now.” John beamed as he told her.
John chuckled “it’s a housewarming party, you prat. That means she moved! “ The place they were looking at now was a duplex in a nice, vibrant neighborhood.
One piece of paper, written in anger. That is all it takes to hurt a person, to destroy tentative peace. John is away and Rosie is feeling sick. Sherlock goes to the rescue, but that one piece of paper won't allow him to take his girl home...and if that was the only paper where Sherlock was parent to Rosie, now what?
“As I said a friendship born of similar circumstances. She is quite done with London, and with what she considers is you giving in to your family’s every whim. She doesn’t know you have a son.” At this, John wrinkled his brow, and Lizbeth buried her face in her hands.
“I should have known Mike would think of you first. Nice to see you still do cases for the new D.I’s.” Sherlock doggedly refused to look directly at him.
“Well, my planner said bills, laundry, now boxing, then shower. A day of following some leads for a case Harris is having difficulties with. I have to say, John, Donovan is so much smarter! The amount of help Harris requires from me quite frankly makes me fear for the people that depend on him solving cases! Anyway, after that, I have therapy in the afternoon, and in the evening possibly some dull thing, such as “So You Think You Can Dance.“ with Mrs. Hudson at hers.”
“Are you sure you didn’t know about the flat?” he asked Molly.  “I mean, you didn’t know and forgot to mention it, did you?” John had been deeply hurt and angered that Sherlock had thrown himself into full fledged renovations of the flat, the moment he marched out, and had made very sure Sherlock knew it.
Back in Dublin, in their room, Sherlock was concerned about what they had discovered; John reassured him that Mycroft would most probably know how to proceed. “He has the MI5 and the MI6 at his beck and call. He also has one Army Captain and a ton of resources. We are not alone, love. We can enjoy this, tonight. Let’s order in. I’ll take the first shower and then we can relax, OK?”
The next day was an odd one for John to say the least. It started out by meeting Mike Stamford, for the first time since he had gotten the job.
They worked well into the early morning hours, Sherlock consulting an UCL professor, Dr Charles Emberton, whom he had helped by discovering a competitor's plagiarism of an article presenting novel options for the treatment of MDR tuberculosis the man had taken from Emberton. He had also facilitated Wiggins's entry to the Institute of Clinical Trials and Methodologies years ago. He was able to confirm that the man Sherlock had arrested, Shawn Peters, had not made the research team, due to failing test scores. They would look into it once things opened up, being the dark dead hours.
Sherlock held his hand out to John. Their eyes locked together. John seemed about to start saying something a couple of times, but didn’t. So they shook hands. Soon, Luther came around to say goodbye, and take him by the hand.
“Sherlock, your speech is fine. You will do great, just lay off on the name calling, it’s the man’s wedding. Remember, your parents will be there. It’s kind of their day, too. Just take plenty of pictures.”
John took the phone, expecting a text from Sherlock, telling him he had gone to Donovan’s. When he opened it up, and saw the pictures instead, it seemed like all the air in the room had been sucked out. No! This was not what was supposed to have happened. Bloody woman! She knew his child, they had talked about saucy texts and photos, she wasn’t supposed to text them! And he, he had just cheated, hadn’t he? On her? On him? Oh God no! Sherlock ran away thinking the woman meant something. John realized now that she didn’t.
Sherlock had known John was on a date. They were broken-up. As in definitively. Of course, he knew this, It didn’t matter anymore. It wasn’t the reason for the heaviness he felt on his chest. That was the weather. Old scars and such.  So Sherlock decided to go to the club. His mind was circling the solution to the case. Before, talking it over with someone would have helped Sherlock would have found some sort of detail that was missing, but with no one to talk to, he decided to clear his mind. He went by Baker Street first to shower and change.
Rudely interrupted by Molly and the smallest girl among the guests, Samantha. “Sherlock!! You look stunning! Wasn’t that entrance just wonderful! Well don’t leave us standing here, dance with us!” Sherlock danced with Molly, who put her tiny daughter in his arms, and it must have been the occasion, that made his eyes moisten again, looking at little Samantha, remembering when his Watson had been so tiny, and he had desperately wanted to care for her, but had been so sick, and ignorant, and lonely. There she was now, coming to look at the baby, telling Molly, Sammy smelled like the best thing in the world.
“Jackson said Rosie’s dad, Sherlock, was going to climb the mountain. I know Rosie is your girl’s name and really, baby, how many Sherlocks do you think one can encounter in a lifetime?”
made for this story when I wrote the ending, long before I decided to post it! I am so grateful to the fandom that put me in the path of these two beautiful souls. They have kept me going these last months.
“Sherlock, you should be dressed honey, are you alright?” Daddy, the last person he had expected. “All the ladies retired to get beautiful. They kind of forgot us, I think.”
“Look John! She is valedictorian! Donovan. Tell her I love what she decided for her hair.” Sherlock was beaming.
Luther laughed, got up, brought him wipes and a glass of water. Sherlock drank the water gratefully and cleaned up halfheartedly. Luther turned on the television, to black and white Hitchcock movies. He put a plate of strawberries between them. Sherlock ate most of them. Eventually he fell asleep. Woke up once when Luther picked him up to put him under the covers.
“If you want what’s in our pants, you gonna get it, you gor!” said the assaulter. Heavy set, taller than the boy, the older man looked a bit like an well-aging wrestler. He signaled to his pals, one of them, the youngest, short, slim and wiry, holding the boy’s arms, the other, older than John and taller, going for his jeans. Now the boy’s face paled, he started to kick about.
Hearing that from Mrs. Hudson, their eternal supporter and never housekeeper, was just too much. He felt panic rising. It was hard to catch his breath and he had to sit down, head hanging down towards the floor. At some point, Sherlock must have left the building. What felt like an eternity later, he felt her hand on his shoulder. She put a cup of tea down on the table and sat on the sofa next to him, handing him some tissues. He was surprised to see he needed them. His eyes seemed to be  leaking.
The balcony provided a measure of privacy, no light on either side. Sherlock needed to get in the mood, right now. So he pushed Luther against the wall and opened his trousers. When he found him hard already, he got in position and took him in his mouth, to Luther’s delighted protests.
“I agree, though I don’t think our partners would be quite ready for our transition to platonic friendship, Luther.”
John looked at the girl, about 14 years old. She looked tall and thin, and resembled Sally quite a bit. She had left her hair natural, it was riotous in a soft curly nebula. She held her diploma and had a mile long smile. “Malia is beautiful,” he said.
John gasped. That did hurt, in a way his own fingers had not. The pressure was uncomfortable indeed. He almost asked Sherlock to stop. When he looked up at him, he saw his partner with his eyes closed and such an emotive look on his face.  John thrust his hips up instead, fitting all of Sherlock’s cock inside and that felt better. Sherlock had yelped at John’s movement. He had opened his eyes and was looking at him. “You OK?” Sherlock asked him.
Sherlock explained, “While the coach was the person who initially thought of the notes, and drew up a plan, the substitute, O’Keiley was the real mastermind. She really went in deep through Mary’s history and took the most disturbing facts to upset Watson. She befriended an MI5 colaborator, who has already been identified, and tried to get Watson to discover her mother’s hidden stashes of money. I believe Coach had no idea that she had gone that far, or that she had been using him all the time to pay her rent.”
“I don’t feel like leaving Gregory behind, while I’m in some far away country negotiating peace truces with the neighboring countries. I will be away an undetermined amount of time. To come with me, Gregory must be my spouse. By the way, which one for the wedding?”
Also I must include a marvelous series which I go back to again and again! it includes the only Mary (Well here Maryam Murstini, which is who Mary only wishes she was)
"Look mate, I’m sorry. What about Ella? Maybe you can ask her for pointers to help the men open up and answer questions?”
“Shut up!” yelled Sherlock, sounding angrier than Lestrade deserved. When Lestrade left, Sherlock looked at John. “Did it bother you, that he knows?”
“How did…? Who are…?” He started, but he couldn’t well run and talk. Not with this ethereal junkie holding on to him.
“Confidential? I raised her! I’ve cleaned her nose and her bum!! There has to be some sort of error. Call John again!”
Rosie felt better. Sherlock was usually able to calm her. Then she thought of something that had been bothering her for a while.
“That was incredible and so hot!!” said John. “Sherlock, you have done so much to get us to this point. We wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for you, love”
Sherlock was with D.I. Harris at a crime scene, comparing different shoe prints related to a series of neighborhood “accidents” in a well off neighborhood when his phone rang. John. He always texted. He stepped aside to answer.
John turned Sherlock on his side, laying right behind him. Kissed his neck, made paths on his arms and back with the tips of his fingers, gave Sherlock’s legs some firm touches, his other hand able to caress Sherlock’s chest and tummy. Sherlock reached out and took John’s cock in his hand, firm and fast, just like John liked it and was rewarded by said cock harden even more. John then put his hand on his lover’s cock, which definitely brought upon a loud moan. “Shh love, we have visits.” John let his hands roam, nuzzled his fiance’s neck, marveled in the smell of his hair and was grateful for the chance to have woken up, to have realized that he did not want a life without this enigmatic, overactive, mad posh man. Now, he had a chance to set things right, to really be the two of them against the rest of the world.
She didn’t. Taking her bookbag with her, she strode to the only bedroom in the flat and majestically shut the door, too soft to be a slam, to loud to be polite. John sighed; leaving Baker Street was supposed to mean leaving Sherlock behind. Now he had to deal with a mini version of him, who talked to herself in French just to goad him, it seemed, and rejected his invitations to play board games (they’re tedious) or read alouds (I can read by myself now. Besides you can’t make all the voices.) Rosie preferred to read her books on the sofa, with the telly on Discovery Kids.
These incidents had a common denominator. John had taken Sherlock for granted, or had been mean, even unkind towards him. The comment Harry had made about him behaving like Mary had stung John and made him think. Unfortunately, it was too late. Sherlock never initiated contact with him, nor did he answer any text not specifically about Rosie. John tried to tell himself it was normal, and that it was what he had wanted when he moved out, to be free of Sherlock.
“Sorry, Not Sorry” started playing. A dancer, in slim black slacks and a shiny green emerald slim shirt, groomed to perfection, danced to the spotlight in the middle. “See the grass is greener under me, brightest technicolor, the best that you can see.” Sherlock would know him anywhere. With a smile that brightened the whole bar, his John was putting himself front and center. The song changed into “What a Man’s Gotta Do”. John showed off dance moves and just gave the people a show. Everyone stood up and whistled, sang along, yelled and clapped. Greg came over, with a huge smile on his face and a shot of tequila. He handed it to Sherlock, who had a totally dazed look on his face. “Hey!...” said Greg, handing him the drink.”Bottoms up!” Sherlock obeyed. On the dance floor, John held out his hands to him.
“I see. More interesting to make new friends and go off to breakfast with them, than go to meetings your partner is interested in.”
Sherlock looked towards John. who was looking back. It would be so easy...but the months after the last time, had been anything but. He was not about to lose his hard earned progress now.
Afterwards, feeling better, he made his way to the kitchen, were Luther had made blueberry pancakes, served with delicious smelling, strong black coffee and honey.
The dolls’ hair had to be left overnight to dry. There was another trio of dolls whose hair was to be curled. So after Sherlock performed a dramatic reading of  a chapter from Rosie’s favorite series “The Land Of Stories”, the girls settled in Rosie’s room, to talk and giggle and pretend to sleep.
“Yes, I know. No boyfriend. I’ve been busy trying to get my business running.” Sherlock kept staring at John.
This felt too good. His body was riddled with desire, his emotions were a whirlwind inside of him. How could he have thought he could live without John. His home, his partner, his heart.  Once in, he stayed as still as he could, bringing John’s back to his chest again, and slowly beginning to gently move within him, until John moaned. “Go ahead, Sherlock, God, just do it.”
“So they are actually planning a wedding?” asked John incredulously, because neither man struck him as the kind to want a big event wedding, but again, it was the absolute wrong thing to ask.
“Ah, mate. I’m thankful Myc and I waited this long to sort ourselves out. Had it happened when I was still in the Yard, we wouldn’t have lasted. As is, I’m retired, and I can follow him around.”
Thank you for reading, leaving kudos, commenting. It makes sharing stories such a great experience!  I like to listen to music for inspiration, setting the tone of a scene, showing a character's emotions. Here is a playlist with songs in the story and some that just were meaningful while writing it. Hope you enjoy!
“You photographed all the evidence and filed it in your personal memory stick. You found a landline to call me from, that had a hiding place close by, and remembered my number. You hid brilliantly and stayed put. You didn’t even answer Ms. Ruiz when you heard her calling, only responded to me when you heard our safe phrase.”
Voicemail 9:30 am  “Ahmm. Sherlock, look. I’m on a train to Cardiff to see Harry. I know these are your days, but it’s an emergency of sorts. I’ll make it up to you somehow. We’ll talk when we get back.”
He stood up, got a bottle of gingerale and some ice and mixed new drinks for them. Soon, they were deep in conversation. Sherlock had known Lizbeth came from money and was bisexual. He had not known she had been married to a man many years ago. Upon moving back to London with Charlie and Nyla, her family had started a successful campaign to separate them. Charlie told Sherlock this was both women’s second marriage, but Charlie had been sure Lizbeth was “the one”. They had been happy, until they moved to London and Lizbeth’s work and family interfered.
At John’s flat, Sherlock had a double whiskey, as John cleaned his foot up, put five stitches in the longer gash and treated the smaller ones with butterfly bandages.
John can not get in touch with Sherlock. Not at 221B, not answering his phone, not even answering texts. Questioning friends and family leads to nothing, and a visit to a Big Brother turned viscous leaves him no option other than backing off.  Which turns out, is hard to do.  When friends start commenting on how well Sherlock is doing, well, John tries to move on.
“You would continue as you are, his colleague in cases, and his - pal. I would facilitate a certain, generous amount to your bank account in exchange for; information. Nothing of a too personal manner, just pertinent to his work and any suspicious business transactions.
John headed back, and had a chance to look at Sherlock, without the man catching him at it. Sherlock was in “disguise”: The wind had done a number on his curls, leaving his shortish hair in disarray. He had a blue checkered lumberjack shirt,  the man had pulled open at the top, a white sleeveless vest underneath it, and dark blue jeans, and tan leather boots. Had the man been shopping for this? God he looked hot. As he walked to the office, where Sherlock was looking at something on Donovan’s phone, he noticed that Ed Harris was also there getting an eyeful of his detective. He boldly stepped in and placed his hand on Sherlock's lower back. Clear message.
“Thanks, but she’ll be alright with Pepsi at Mike’s. What stuff in the evenings can he possibly have? “ John was sincerely confused.
“If you are done, Reids, you really need to leave. If you want to continue the conversation about my partner, we can do so outside school limits. I don’t mind. Half the Yarders are my friends. At most I’ll get a nice private cell for the night and a free dinner.”
“Come here, you poor sod.” Neverminded the notable tension of his body, or the way the word ‘poor’ physically grated his skin. Harry hugged tight, and after a moment, he relaxed and gave in. When he did, she put her hands through his hair, repeatedly.
“Sherlock, when you’re on the rebound and bi, a person of either sex can look good to you. I think maybe he went for women cause he just wants to get laid and he feels it’s the easier way. Maybe he’s not willing to give another bloke a try. Might a) fall in love with the sod, or b) compare him to you all the time. Who would you be more jealous of John dating, a woman or a man?”
“Oh, innumerable,” said Sherlock. They were still dressed, John, relaxed in his chair, in a soft blue jumper Sherlock had given him a couple of years ago, that always made Sherlock look into his eyes. Sherlock, head on the back of his own chair, legs splayed out, had taken off his jacket, leaving his black pants, and the red shirt Rosie had insisted he wear.
“Yes Luther. I want to go with you. Sorry about your plans, you can still go about your evening, I will wait for you…” All of the sudden, Sherlock wanted to go now, before he changed his mind.
She left him half a dozen donuts, files of cold cases and a pat on his upper arm. Sherlock was quite touched by Donovan’s concern, and he felt a little lighter, for a while.
“Don’t you do any actual work anymore Lestrade? You must enchant my brother. That would explain why he keeps you on the roster with all the laying around you do here. It would also explain the fact that he is now able to move the facial muscles necessary to smile, on occasion.”
Also I am so thankful to my dear readers! Thanks for continuing with this story, and for leaving kudos! To the constant commentors (commentators) please know that you have lifted my spirits and inspired me to continue writing, also checking and making sure I have done these characters justice! Your opinions and suggestions are valued and your kind words, treasured. Thank you all!!
They ended up taking in the Brighton sights, with Wilson taking pictures of various places. They talked. Wilson was at a different conference than John.
“You’re the one asking.” Said Sherlock, sounding a little drunk still or maybe already half asleep, as he came back to bed, he settled into John’s arms, head on his chest, lanky body curled up like a cat’s. The way he always did, after sex, or after cuddles which had been nightly until that last year. Sherlock fell asleep quickly. It was John who stayed awake, playing with Sherlock’s hair, he admitted to himself he had missed these curls so much. The sex had been spectacular, the best ever, it had always been better with Sherlock, bar none. Jesus, what was he supposed to do now? They couldn’t go back to the fights and sex didn’t cure anything. Could they maybe agree to talk it out? There was no way he wanted a life without this madman, but could they really be a couple again? Should they even try?
Did he have to look so damn good? The bloody shirt turned lights on in his eyes. Even tipsy, even now, Sherlock remained, by far the most beautiful person in the place. John’s body felt an electric charge, when the man leaned over to talk to him.
“You didn’t need to submit a complaint! You self-righteous weirdo! The whole neighborhood heard!" The Coach started walking towards Sherlock
Someone there recognized me and called Adrian. He took me home after I had an operation,  medicated me with cocaine and occasionally something extra, and took care of me. I was truly a mess, John. Most of the time I thought I was still with my captors. I clung to Adrian. He would tend to my cuts and bruises, give me foot rubs, and put balm on it. Adrian tried to make me eat, sleep, stay in the flat. He gave me drugs for the pain. He would find me under the tables, or behind the couch and bring me to the bed to sleep. I would give him back massages and let him fuck me.” What Sherlock didn’t tell him was how many times Adrian had said to him, “
“Sorry, it must be so hard! I don’t know what I would do without my mum! You have your real dad and the detective man, right? People say he’s horrible and mean. Is it true he does experiments in your house?” At this point, Pepsi had wisely come to stand between the two girls, as Watson’s eyes were flaming.
“John, I have a luncheon with a contact I suspect knows more than what she told police. Then I have to go to Harris, and later to Dr. Quentin. I would like you to come with, but...the suspect is under the impression that I’m...flirting with her, and after that it will be close to the time to pick up Watson anyway….”
So after Rosie finally fell asleep, John prepared tea, turned the telly on, and heard about what O’Keily had said. The Yard had to find out who she had gotten the information from.
“Not a case. I went to Paris.” Sherlock said, not looking at Lestrade. “What do you wa...How are you, Gavin?”
John had to move, to get wet rags to clean up, but Sherlock got up into the bathroom and stayed for a long while, the shower running with no one in it. John fought sleep, until he came back to bed. John decided against a shower when Sherlock cuddled against him, little spoon.
Harris came to them. “The gentleman on the bench is ready for you, Dr. Watson…” John left to talk with the man, a retired Lieutenant. The man was obviously loyal to his disappeared friend, and reluctant to explain what he knew. After some conversation, John told him about his work with veterans, and his struggles with the system to get them into dignified housing and medical care, LT. Vasquez confessed to John, he had kept the victims belongings, which included some art, and some clothes. He agreed to take them to where he found them. Vasquez took them to ‘his place’, taking only John underground with him at the tube station, and visiting a small, discrete hidey hole, where he took out a tshirt, some foreign coins, a picture and some loose paper.
Please do not be alarmed by the "?" in the Chapter count, this story is complete. I am currently torturing my Beta about wanting shorter chapters, which means more chapters.
Luther pulled Sherlock into his arms and hugged him, kissing him on the cheek gently, as Sherlock averted his face just in time. Sherlock knew he flushed deeply and was a little dazed when Luther let go. Oh god. John looked petrified. Not good. The two only men Sherlock had slept with in ten years were both here, right next to him.
“Over to Loughborough Park, some old blokes living close by are willing to talk to you. A couple of agents investigating the scene found some clothes, but not much more. We have a specialist going over some of the victim’s belongings.”
“More likely, section us in hospital.” After a sober moment, Sherlock added. “Did I say something inappropriate when we were in hospital with that nurse that wants you? She turned inexplicably red.” he said.
In the warehouse, she aimed the gun at John first, telling me she would give it to me afterwards and I would take care of myself, to make it a murder/suicide scenario. I was able to come out of the drug enough to try to get the gun out of her hands, but she still shot John. Fortunately, the bullet only grazed his head, but I thought he was dead. I threw myself on him, too late, but just in time to give Lestrade a clear shot. He killed her. Apparently, I had texted him and Mycroft knew of the warehouse.
“I was quite sick, in no condition to see you. Dr. Quentin said Depression/Anxiety disorder and suicidal ideation. That in addition to all my usual diagnoses. I felt I had to stay with Mycroft for a while, until I was able to get out of the dark place I was in. Watson was my beacon. Dr. Quentin has been very helpful providing guidance as how to better my routines and how to let myself know what I will and will not accept from other people. I have worked hard, to get better, to be able to work cases, to take care of my physical condition, and of Watson. I won’t let anyone compromise this, John - not, not even you.” Sherlock said.
John got up, brought two glasses of that fine bourbon Daddy had gifted them and settled in his armchair, as Sherlock laid back in his chair, looking at the fire, and tipping his head back. “This was a good night.” He smiled. “I liked it, even though my parents insisted on staying.”
Greg had asked Sherlock to go with him for his final suit fitting. Mycroft couldn’t leave work, preparing as he was for his absence due to the upcoming honeymoon, so Sherlock couldn’t really say no. He was actually not annoyed that Lestrade had thought of him.
Sherlock walked up to him, took the paper and they sat together in the library, consulting formulas and skyping with some friends of Wiggins, until Mrs. Hudson, curious due to the silence, walked up with the afternoon tea. She didn’t recognize Wiggins, until he spoke, then she screamed happily and hugged him. She had, after all, been witness to how hard the younger man had worked to leave his old life behind. She used Sherlock’s kitchen to prepare them dinner.
He called out for him, but heard him before he saw Sherlock; soft muffled thumps as his head hit the sofa arm. He hugged his knees, making himself the smallest he could. John approached slowly.
Sherlock was unexpectedly enjoying himself at the party. It was in a park, and he didn’t really have to socialize. Watson was so happy he had come with her. She had dressed and commanded him to dress like her, burgundy slacks and a light blue denim shirt he was unaware he owned. Now they were manning the bubble station. Children were making and chasing bubbles and asking Sherlock to show them how to make big ones. Machines, bubble guns and old fashioned wands were provided and it was the most fun Watson and he had had in a long time.
John gathered all the authority his years of the army had given him. “This has gone on long enough! Let him go. Now!”
Then he was distracted by Watson and John dancing. His heart skipped several beats. His Watson looked so beautiful, a cream colored dress, with a v-neck decotte, three small roses on the vest. The gown length skirt had a few roses and some petals. She and Pepsi had matching bracelets, a gift from Mycroft; Sherlock suspected the “shiny things” might actually be diamonds. The “perfect” shoes had tiny heels that made her look so grown up. She was smiling her widest and most beautiful, and when the song was done, she ran to him, hugged him tight. “I love you, papá!” And off she ran.
“You are the first person I have ever felt this much for. The first one I feel I belong with. I knew it from the moment I lay eyes on you, love. I felt it that strongly.” John looked at Sherlock.
After that evening, I started to notice every time he took his hand out of mine as we walked, and the times he made condescending remarks about my behaviour to unimportant people in front of me. I started working complicated cases to feel more competent, and continued despite his objections. He responded by stopping any participation in the cases, not even writing about them, taking away physical affection, cuddling in front of the telly, hugging for greeting or saying farewell. As he withdrew, I stopped even trying to be social. I worked more, started taking cases that involved travel. By the end of the sixth year, we stopped having any form of intimacy. We weren’t even talking. Even so, I would have never foreseen he would leave.”
When John came out of the shower, drying his hair, he called out “Did you put on the kettle, start the toast?”’no answer “did you go back to sleep, genius of mine?” John went to the bedroom, saw it empty and the phone on the pillow. His first thought was that Sherlock had gotten a call from the Yard and ran back to his precious “work”. He had been stupid to think the sex had actually meant something to the detective.
“Don’t be idiotic John. The room downstairs is now our room; unless, I would understand if you want to sleep alone, if at times you need a break. People do tend to need a break from me…” Sherlock said, his voice steady and his chin high.
Finally, after apparently gathering some strength, Sherlock said, “I don’t know what you mean John. It has been hard for me to understand this break up between us. You left home and said we were broken up, and that it meant we were done, over, no more.  You stopped talking to me. Then we worked together through Watson’s school issues. You cheated on your girlfriend with me, but you took me off of Watson’s list. Then we fought, and you took her away from me. That was it ... I could not have contact with you anymore. I was not well, The worst since the Smith case. Now - you are ...behaving differently. I don't know what you... I certainly did not expect... this from you ever...ugh, no more now… no words...Too much. I…,” Sherlock became more agitated throughout his speech
John laughed. “Well I can’t put it on the blog yet. He prefers I don’t. The people I get along with know our history and see us as a couple. They know. I did send an email to James Sholto. He is in South America now, and I told him we had been a couple back when he visited London. How we had our troubles and are now working our way back to each other.”
“Sherlock!! Wake up!! Charlie is making chicken and waffles!! You have to come see!! Come on!!” Rosie was so excited.
Sherlock turned around, and promptly had all smart comebacks wiped out of his mind. Instead, there was a viceral, unprecedented response from his body, and he was suddenly on fire.  John. Had. A. Beard.  Facial hair. Around his jaw, under his lip, on his neck. In stark contrast with his blonde, going platinum hair, his beard had tints of red. This was not the horrid thing that had been over his lips when Sherlock returned from the dead. This was, this was- Sherlock blinked at the loss of the word. Sexy. More than that, it was damn hot. A traitorous sound left his throat. He followed it with a cough, in a feeble attempt at a cover up. When he was able to move his eyes from John’s face, he saw his clothes; blue shirt, slim fit, with a silver line pattern, long sleeves rolled up, light gray, slim pants, that hugged his strong legs, brown loafers with no socks. No. Socks!! Who was this man? What had he done to his John? And what was he saying?
“Mrs Hudson reports she is tired of being pampered and that they have no proper tea at the resort, only ‘that vile green stuff’. She will be coming home when you are, Rosalie.” said Sherlock, as he knew Watson liked to hear her new name.
“I’m your friend too, Sherlock. Remember that. More relevantly right now, I’m your doctor. What happens here and what we discuss, is private. Are you planning on going back to Baker Street?” Mike asked as he busied himself with some preparations.
“Mmhn, ok…,” Rosie said, coming to him anyway to kiss him and put her small hand on his shoulder. “...sorry you are so confused.”
“There is no one else. There hasn’t been anyone for months. No one else ever mattered. Only you.” said John.
Having bit off much more than he could chew, John answered hurriedly. “No thank you, enough Sherlock. It’s just- I left. I dated a handful of people, but you were the one who had a relationship.”
Meghan added the finishing touches to Rosie’s very short hair. A couple of bee hair clips, to go with her yellow dress and her black shoes. She looked stunning. Sherlock was going to have kittens alright.
John held her closer. “He texted me a while ago, he’s on his way and bringing fish and chips for us. Of course I called him.”
This incredible story is definitely my favorite non-Johnlock one, to the point that I would be happy if Sherlock chose this relationship:
They arrived and Mrs Hudson immediately went into the kitchen to help. The Stamfords were there with the girls, to Rosie’s delight. Some friends from Barts, two men, surely Bill’s friends and a couple who were smiling widely at Sherlock. At first he scowled at them, but after a good look, he recognized them from his homeless network, a long time ago.
“Mr. Wiggins, I know good ways and bad ways to tie a person up. I’ve always been an excellent student and an autodidact.” Molly stated with a smirk.
Sherlock could not think straight, as the only thing that registered was The. Beard. “Rosie might wake up, she would feel strange, her first night back home from a different place.”
“Sherlock, this is amazing! Aren’t you going to eat? I swear you look thinner than I left you. You are still not talking. You were texting up a storm about the case. It’s done isn’t it? How did it go down?”
The spotlight on, the lights off, sensual music and the stripper worked his stuff to the delight of all present. Greg’s face was scarlet as the boy stripped down to a sexy black corset, black leather shorts, netted black fishnets and boots to “I’m too Sexy” When that ended he did a naughty dance number to Rihanna’s ‘Umbrella’ using his in very creative ways. John noticed the black umbrella was lined on the inside with cake slice designs, and was presented to Lestrade as a gift. So Sherlock had deduced something. After that, the Yard’s belly dancer was good, but paled in comparison.
Charlie had left by the time Linda dropped Rosie off. She said ‘thank you’, and headed to her room to drop things off. Sherlock made tea, black for him, lemongrass for Watson. She came back downstairs and attached like an octopus.
“Also, this time around, I notice John is very open about our status. He holds my hand, even kisses me in public and promptly introduces me as his “life partner” to acquaintances, old and new, even though we are not living in the same place.”
The young man thanked him and seemed happy with Sherlock’s advice. After a break, he gave the stage to his colleague, a taller, broader, blonde bloke with a remarkable voice, but less charisma. Sherlock noticed the man’s eyes were constantly on Quincy.
-Yes, Sherlock a date. Cycling through the park. Then crepes, with strawberries and cream. 8:30 because Mike picks Rosie up at 7:30 that day.
It was much past midnight, Rosie had been falling asleep in Sherlock’s lap in the cab. Once at the flat, she went to her room to change into her pajamas. Sherlock circled the living room with the last of his nervous energy. “John. I’m aware we must have a conversation. Could it please be tomorrow? I, I want to…” He looked towards the room.
The following week John received a Beardbrand Trimming and Grooming kit, and a Captain Fawcett Moustache Maintenance box, while Mrs. Hudson received an eight person set of Richard Ginori Oriente Italiano, pink and blue tea cups and plates, (charged to Mycroft’s account).
He had told her all about the fight. Harry knew about breakups. She had a rough one, from her first partner, Clara, who had been her highschool sweetheart, the one mom had found her with, a rollercoaster of an on again off again relationship spanning 15 years. They had a rocky relationship, and a marriage that lasted five years, come to an end when Clara decided she’d had enough, left home suddenly and married a man as soon as possible. Clara never looked back. Harry was now 7 years sober, 4 years married to Meghan.
Sherlock hugged him, “You don’t have to keep that, John. I’ve only been truly home with you. You make me happy. And I have noticed all the ways you have changed. I hope you can accept how I have, too.”
When Sherlock woke up, the sun was in his face and he was alone. It took him a couple of tries to be able to move; getting out of the bed was a triumph. He felt as if he had been run over by a bus. His whole body hurt. He made it to the shower.
When she was asleep, he went back downstairs, to find a welcome, familiar scene; John on the couch, watching his favorite tattoo show. Two whiskys sat on the table. Sherlock took his seat and played his role, fighting with the telly, but mostly sneaking glances at John. Their eyes met once and John took the drink: “A toast for being back home!” They touched the glasses. “I missed this.” John said, his eyes shining. Sherlock's heart warmed. John touched the bandage on Sherlock’s arm. “Is it hurting?”
Sherlock took him past the kitchen to the second floor, where the tiny room he had used before they had been a couple was expanded. It had a bigger, comfier bed, closets and drawers, a bookshelf and a shared bathroom. This was Watson’s room.
John waited until he was relatively sure Sherlock would be out and Rosie was at school to go by Baker Street. He had felt inspired and made a shepherd's pie. It was his grandmother’s recipe and one of the dishes everyone asked for. So he had it now, and it was a beauty of one, to offer Mrs. Hudson. “John! This is beautiful! Come in! I made scones for breakfast, have some.” So conversation came easily. Until. “Oh, Mrs Hudson, I was talking with Mike and he was telling me Sherlock has a new-friend. You must know about him, right?”
And oh, how those words hurt. How many times had he thought about proposing to  Sherlock, just to stop himself because of his disastrous experience with Mary? Or he had stopped himself thinking Sherlock was not the type to want a ring? Maybe he should be honest with himself, he didn’t want to repeat the experience of being married, the old ball and chain. He thought Sherlock had gotten close to asking himself. At least once, during a holiday at the beach, he had started talking about weddings, and ceremonies, and John had shot him down, saying it was an unnecessary expense and ritual for something that was 50% likely to work out at best. John hadn’t really been talking about their particular relationship, but Sherlock had hurriedly found a different conversation topic.
“John!” He managed before John was at it again, getting an enthusiastic response this time. He heard giggles from the people who passed by, as he released his fiance, whose cheeks had the most beautiful shade of pink on them. Rosie had found a seat and had ordered for them all, pointing at them when the waitress asked where her parents were. Now she sat with a big smile on her face.
“Back to my flat?” asked John, once they were done at the site, as Sherlock was clearly in the mood to continue his sulk.
Both men got dressed in a hurry. Sherlock was not successful in taming his hair, but they managed to be presentable in a short time. They came out the door and Lestrade was sitting in Sherlock’s chair, looking like the cat who caught the cream. As soon as Sherlock saw him he said, “Shut up!”
“I thought you were going to go see Sarah. Isn’t that why you did that…” he again drove his finger around his mouth “...and what you are dressed up for?”
John looked pointedly at Sherlock’s arms. “So you are the only Consulting Detective? In the world? Isn’t it lonely?”
For Sherlock, however, it was as good as over. He could neither lie to himself, nor continue to have sex with Luther, when his heart, idiotic transport, insisted on belonging to the man who broke it.
John barked out a laugh: “Of course you would drag up all that old crap. What about these last two years? Always out, always on the go, case after fucking case! You certainly couldn’t be bothered to spend time with her, you were barely home, married to your bloody work!  other than when you absolutely had to…”
-It was a very interesting evening. The girls were very smart and capable. The dolls were transformed. Cleanup was shared by all. SH
“I personally investigated the photographer who will be at the ceremony and the reception. There will be no surprises at this wedding!”
Rosie kept looking up towards the doors of her school auditorium filled with students, their science projects displayed on tables, and their parents, for the school’s Annual Science Fair.   She explained the process of crystallisation of honey to the wide-eyed, slightly disheveled lady, looking at her open mouthed. Blond, curly hair up in a chignon, light smell of antiseptic, familiar white shoes. Nurse. Rosie had seen her walk away in a rush, from the spot a family group was approaching her friend’s table. The woman kept glancing over to see if they had left. This was Nyla’s “other” mom. The American one, though her accent wasn’t what Rosie knew as american. She knew from Nyla her moms were getting divorced. Just like her dads. Speaking of whom, John was late. He rarely was. Today of all days when she thought she was doing brilliantly.
“I want to suck you off… so bad,” and without waiting for a response, proceeded. He remembered just how Sherlock liked it, his hand covering the base, lips around the head, tongue playing around it. Then sucking hard enough to wipe the cheeky little smile off his mouth and see him grip the edge of the desk hard, close his eyes and his legs shake with the effort of not groaning out loud. Sherlock almost lost it when John took his bollocks in his mouth one by one, sucking each one and licking at them with a flickering tongue, enjoying how that made Sherlock’s legs tremble. John took his cock in his hand, spreading the precome at the tip with his thumb, making Sherlock gasp and thrust slightly. To tease him a bit longer, John stood up to kiss his neck, and his lips, and to make sure there was no sassy smile left, as he moved his hand up and down Sherlock’s body, pinching a nipple, making circles on his tummy, . He raised Sherlock’s vest and sucked on a nipple, making him yelp, then he went back on his knees to tend to  the cock, which looked painfully hard and leaking, and sucked on, playing with the intensity of  it until Sherlock could no longer remain quiet, and trying to contain the noise brought tears out of the corners of his tightly shut eyes. John grabbed his lover’s hips and and pulled them towards him, a couple of times. Sherlock moaned, gasped and said “John!” as he came.
“Sarah?” John looked at Sherlock with an amazed expression, then smiled and continued “you think she would like it? You hated my mustache, back in the day.”
“Goodness you are boring Watson, I really fail to understand what in the world Sherlock sees in you. Of course he is mine, I’m a clever, exciting Consulting Criminal. The only one in the world. I can give him lots and lots of work. What can you give him? Orgasms? Boring! Anyone can stimulate a body. I know how to stimulate his mind. You will bore him, sooner than later. Then he will look for me Captain. He will try to make it pass as fighting crime, but you and I know it’s me he wants,” Moriarty said, his voice thick as honey.
So they came to be having tea and biscuits at an odd hour,  with an acquaintance of John’s, who was very familiar to Rosie.
He then opened the ‘present’. A sleek black box, hermetically closed, cold to the touch. Stuck to it an envelope with the same ornate writing, the same name displayed on the front. He unstuck it from the box and set it aside. The box came with a lock, five figures.
Donovan  had the suspects on their way when the two men got to the Yard. She reminded Sherlock to keep his head. Even then, she gave Reid to Stewart to interrogate. Sherlock did not protest, and headed to question the lover, former substitute headmistress, Fiona O’Keilie.
Sherlock wondered:’What is this? Is it to pass time? Because he has nothing else on? Or is this the way you co-parent? Will he hold my hand? That’s preposterous, we’ll be on bikes. Will he want to kiss me goodbye again?’
That was then, this was now. Sherlock was the smartest, most extraordinary man in the world, and he wanted John. Sherlock could find a lover closer to himself in class, or fortune, or intelligence. John may not have too much time to share his feelings. So he would show his detective he most definitely could make a man feel loved.
Our men are busy! Building up trust and good feelings is work! They have dates, both with each other and with other people. John will get to meet a very important person that has made a difference in Sherlock's life. He will also witness first hand what it feels like when the man you love goes on a date with a woman. No worries, there will be a beautiful picnic day for the little family. Just know there will be feels! (and kisses!)
“No...I figure it’s safe to talk about it now, since you’re marrying my brother. You told me not to call you ‘Greg’. I merely have lived in quiet obedience.”
Rosie had a field trip today. They were visiting the Museum of Mathematics, an exhibition at the Science Museum, in South Kensington. Since Linda Stamford was going with the group, the girls had begged him to let her have a sleepover. It was so close to the end of the year, anyway. So this morning, John woke up at his regular time, at odd ends. As he had a cuppa, he decided to surprise Sherlock, with a ride. He took the tube, the bicycles being safely kept at 221C. He got there just in time to see Sherlock closing the door behind him.
“Coffee please…”  Said Sherlock looking at the historic charts. “...black, two sugars. It would have been easier in those times. Just have me lobotomized.”
“Well, I’ll let you get back to work. Oh, remember, Harry and Meghan are coming in tomorrow. They’ll stay at a hotel. Hmm… maybe we could, you know, get together with them? Anyway.”
They put slick on their hands. John got them to lay side by side.This was overwhelming him. John hadn’t realized just how much he had missed his madman, until he felt complete as he never had since he left 221B. He almost could not believe it, this miracle, Sherlock by his side once more. He remembered how his love liked to be handled, slowly, firmly to start, then faster and harder on the head. Too soon, he was close. His legs quivered, his bullocks tightened up.
John and I needed a stay in hospital. I had a psychotic break, precipitated by the drugs in my system. I believed Culverton Smith’s daughter was my sociopathic sister, and thought the hospital Mycroft took me to was a mental ward created specifically for me by her. I thought I pulled a gun on my brother, when I was really waving a scalpel around. I was sedated, and when I woke up alone, I managed to sneak out of my room and into John’s, thinking I had to rescue him from my “sister”. His condition was similar to mine. Only he had hallucinated Mary taking a bullet for me at the aquarium.  When I broke into his room, he got up from his bed and beat me up thoroughly. I had to be taken to the ICU. I was there for three days, when Culverton Smith came to try to kill me, and John, who had been discharged had come to visit, saw him sneaking in my room, and saved my life. Smith’s crimes were discovered, he went into custody. I believe he still gave interviews confessing to his crimes for many years after he was imprisoned, until the inmates got tired of listening to him gloat, and killed him.
Molly took her tea to her room and gave him a goodnight kiss on his scruffy cheek. John put the tea on the coffee table and settled back on the sofa. He was still a little drunk. He felt something in his pocket...hmm...his phone.
“Mr. Holmes, John. Come in. To what do I owe the pleasure?” She asked, looking warmly at John, sternly at Sherlock.
“We talked about my father being deeply homophobic, always saying that gay men aren’t “real men”. I had said I noticed that I have issues acting on my romantic feelings towards men. I deny them, I minimise them, and I can even project my insecurities on them and lash out at them.”
One day John came in, after a quick trip to the yard, with a satisfied smirk. Sherlock was absorbed in an experiment comparing the rate of decomposition of a body submerged in water, to that of water plus a certain quantity of chemical fertilizer. The result of which had made Rosie beg the Stamfords to let her stay over. Claire had walked out in disgust, and Kaia had taken Mrs H out for coffee, on the other side of town. John ignored all of this, and the smell, so content was he about his discovery. He stood next to Sherlock and smiled until the genius noticed him.
“Sherlock, please. Yes, your performance at his retirement was quite entertaining.” said Sherlock pointing at Greg. He turned and told the bartender to give Hal his drink of choice.
Mycroft in pajamas. Flannels and slippers. Furrowed brow, tense lower eyelids, mouth halfway open, tense.
“Not really…,” said John, somewhat deflated, “... I… I wanted to say, I’m thinking of you, I miss you and want to be with you, love.”
John nodded. He knew exactly where and when they had met. He had been there. He should have dumped that date and taken Sherlock home, and the hell with the consequences.
Talking about new officers, D.I Harris and Sherlock were deep in conversation. The Yarder said something, while Sherlock looked at the floor. When he raised his eyes, his expression was gentle. He put his hand on the D.I’s arm, moving a little towards the man. He said something and Harris nodded, Sherlock walked away. He passed by John, stopping at the entrance. John said his goodbyes and caught up with him. “Well, that was fun. Did you get anything from it?”
“So, how is Sherlock doing, Rosie? Isn’t he done with the work for Mycroft? Not back at Baker Street yet?” John had stopped texting Sherlock, as he never answered. Greg had been cryptic at best, only admitting that yes, Sherlock was at Mycroft’s, doing some kind of work for him, and no he didn’t know anything about him being sick, or when he would go back to Baker Street.
Rosie itched to see Sherlock. She wanted to tell him all about Cardiff and Harry. She wanted him to see her hair. Pepsi and Nyla had gone crazy, Pepsi begging her parents to let her get a matching cut, too. To her disappointment, Sherlock didn’t come to pick her up, but Greg. Not that she didn’t like him: his sparkly expression at her hair was satisfying, just as was the stop for a milkshake and some playtime in the park; Jackson and Millie had been there. Once in the car again, Greg told her Sherlock wasn’t actually at Baker Street, but at Mycroft’s. He was feeling a little under the weather. Did she need something from home before going to Mycroft’s? They stopped by to get her sketchbook, as Mycroft always liked to see her new drawings. They said hello to Nana Hudson.
“Now who wants ancient history? My sister. She is my drive. Patricia was moderately autistic. Her language and sensory were compromised. She had the ability to understand and retain concepts, she obtained information about topics she found interesting and she was able to communicate when she was given the time and the medium to do so. Unfortunately, my parents were not wealthy people, though they did the best they could. When they aged, and my father was incapacitated with an injury, they had to send her to auspice. I did everything I could for her, but it wasn’t enough. She survived there for two years. I’ve seen enormous progress in this field, but it still is not enough. I will work with you to the best of my abilities, Mr. Holmes to ensure that you feel confident enough in your own self, to be able to function as you desire, with the people who matter to you.
“Yes these last times we’ve been together have been pleasant. I suppose we could try to be friendly.” Sherlock said.
They talked about things big and small, until Sherlock fell asleep. John stayed next to him, thinking about people talking, and how he felt about that, and how he felt for this genius, gorgeous, odd man. Had he ever felt like this before about anyone? Could he feel this for Sarah? He knew the answer was no. So, was he bi? He would have never thought it, but Sherlock in that suit, whoa! At some point, he fell asleep, Sherlock’s hand in his.
“Women do catch your eye sometimes, yet you never flirted with any of them. You looked more at the men, full body looks. No preference for a man a night, you are used to more intimacy.  You keep a key chain that has a heart with “Husband” on it. If you were a widower, you would be wearing her ring. If you were done with her, you would have thrown the key chain away. You have a faded picture with three teenagers that look like you. They are grown up now.”
“Your husband looks very much like my father, when he was forty-something. Your boy is adorable. I have a little girl, Rosalie. Here she is with John, my… um, doctor?, ex-partner?, boyfriend?” Even Sherlock looked confused with the explanation, but Wilson only smiled.  “Sometimes us doctors are complicated to live with. I went through three marriages, Howard one, before we got together.”
John raised up on his arm to get a good look at him. “Sherlock Holmes. You gave a group of runaway, unloved youths an opportunity to earn their way through helping you do good in the world. Even if they had other, less good ways to support themselves, the influence you provided made a difference for them. You couldn’t possibly adopt them all. You know what would have happened, had you reported these specific kids to child protection. You gave them food, medical care, you gave them a space to stay when they needed it, Christmas presents, found ways to help pay for the education of the ones that worked for it.
That had been the worst of it all. To think he had treated Sherlock the way Mary had treated him...there would be no way Sherlock would ever want him in his life again.
“I know how it feels, when you are so happy you think any little thing can upset it, and you think a wedding is such a stupid idea.” She said looking at him.
“I have no words, John. I never thought that sex could be all that. This last month. I didn’t know we could be this. That I could have this with you. It’s difficult to think that we just started, yet I could have already put you in danger, just by not being able to leave your side."
Sherlock looked down, and spoke softly, “You didn’t say anything. I was happy I didn’t have to spend the night in hospital. I wasn’t aware what I said could be interpreted that way. I apologise John, I know you are not gay. Now, people will talk.” Sherlock looked crestfallen. John did not like that. He wanted the genius happy.
And that's all she wrote! My deepest thanks to all my readers! I hope the story entertained you or kept you company. Please know that your comments and kudos have lifted my spirits and made the experience of sharing this story of mine an unforgettable one.  I have been honoring the stories that have meant so much to me, and so many have not been featured. So I will add a few more, of those that I read on repeat, when I need a friend.
A word about the case of the MV. I did put in a decent amount of google research in order to present a case that sounded possible. As I have no training in chemistry or medical research, I have used creative license extensively. Please forgive any glaring errors (you can pm me on tumblr)
Mrs Hudson found him walking around. “Come, my boy, you look like you need some tea. Maybe a ginger nut or two.” Sherlock followed her then.
“I’m yours Sherlock. I’m always thinking about you, always wanting to be with you, always wanting you.  We can do this now? Please Sherlock.”
Back in his home office, in London, a distraught Mycroft sat at his desk, holding his head in his hands. “Oh, God, no!” He had liked John Watson. The doctor seemed wise beyond his years. His brother had been a walking disaster, even with Lestrade’s cases. With Watson, he had stabilized, focused. Watson seemed to truly care about him, diagnosis and past indiscretions notwithstanding. Mycroft had been impressed by John handing the paramedics and hospital doctors the list of Sherlock’s diagnosis, and his sensitivities to medicine. As a result, Sherlock had the best hospital stay in a long time, albeit it being short. He had liked the fact that the underemployed doctor had not taken his deal, tempting as it must have been.
If you haven't yet, go read all her universe! Especially the "Nothing Made Me" series, the above story is a part of.
“Will you come next Saturday? It’ll be Watson's summer concert and she leads the song for her class.”
“Hmmm. See, there’s the thing. I’ve been consulting with this hospital in Cheltenham. They are opening a new wing that will be dedicated to service veterans of all armed forces. They’ve been on my case offering me a full time position, given my work with the homeless here. What they’re doing is exciting and innovative and I would like to check it out, but the presentation tour would be the week of your wedding.” John explained
“Are you alright? Sherlock where are you hurt?” he asked as his hands went up and down the detective’s torso, over the shirt.  Sherlock hissed as John palmed a rib on the left side.
John took a deep breath and continued; “... fine, five times a year, sending out donation reports, asking for more, and such. It got so I only scanned the titles. I missed James’ first actual email. I only responded two weeks later, after looking up a receipt for something and actually seeing the headline addressed to me from him. There he had been letting me know he and Milton had separated. There had been some nasty fights and he begged me to keep things private. I answered him right then, as best I could and in my hurry, I only addressed things he wrote to me. There was one more personal email, and that was to inform me that he was coming back home to England. The fights with Milton had continued as they had to work together and he was feeling dangerously depressed.
Once Watson was asleep, and before Sherlock said anything about going home. John brought out the inflatable mattress. It was much more comfortable than it looked. He put clean linen on it and offered it to Sherlock. “I’ll take the sofa. That way, if you have a nightmare, I’ll be close and you won’t get to Rosie.” So Sherlock stayed.
“Yes, Mrs Hudson. I have to believe. He has changed the way he reacts to our relationship. He’s proud of us now. He told all of his army friends, his remaining family. He published it on the blog. He has gone back to being admiring, and supportive. He wants to spend the rest of his life with me.”
So John took him by the hand, leading him towards the bedroom. “John…” said Sherlock “...you won’t, don’t leave… after this, don’t leave me.”
“Sherlock, I have feelings for you, too. Since I met you. You rocked my world, turned it tits up. You have taught me things about myself, I never suspected. I will treat you right. I want to be with you as long as you’ll have me. Now get in here next to me.”
“As I said, If she will be happi...wait. What did you say, Holmes? You slept with her?-” Lizbeth took two steps towards where the consulting detective sat, and John stood up to block her. Sherlock was draped in the armchair, legs crossed, elbow on the armrest, hand covering a smirk.
“Lestrade, do you remember why I don’t ever call you by your first name?" asked Sherlock as he sat in the armchair, looking up at him with a small grin and sparkling eyes.
‘Molly, huh’, thought John. “See? That’s what happens when you don’t get it straight from the horse’s mouth.”
“Sherlock, that wasn’t because of the wedding! It was because John was marrying the wrong person! He was determined to love Mary but he didn’t. The relationship didn’t fail because of the wedding, it failed because one of them was an unrepentant liar and an assassin, and the other was in love with his best friend. John is so determined to make this day special for you. He has done so much! It means so much to him. And to Rosie. She is over the moon about this. I know you love the idea of being John Watson’s husband. He has a bespoken suit being made for him. Finally after all these years of loving him, you get to marry him. Dress up and celebrate with your friends.”
“He said he knew what we were to each other the moment he saw us together. He was happy we were in therapy and working on being a family again. I made a point of sending both emails to Sherlock.”
“Sweetheart, why don’t you just ask him to stay? You have a beautiful home waiting for him.” she said to Sherlock.
“No. You were attracted to me from the first night you saw me, but you wanted to make sure I didn’t come with a boyfriend. You could have pulled your choice of men, but you waited until I flirted with you. Interested in more than a one-nighter..’
They were a little more than 10 blocks from the trattoria to John’s flat. Sherlock glanced at John every now and then, and he felt everytime John looked at him. He kept his distance and put his traitorous hands behind his back, when they wanted to reach out and touch the doctor. Once they were only a couple of blocks away from John’s flat, Sherlock got in a cab. Both John and Rosie waved goodbye. Sherlock caught John looking into his eyes, and he could almost fool himself into thinking he saw some of the old admiration, or even love in them. Even if it was love, at the present Sherlock wasn’t sure he wanted to do anything about it.
In preparation for their move, Sherlock helped John put all his boxed up worldly possessions into the back of one of Mycroft’s cars. Mrs Hudson hugged Sherlock, and cooed over John, tickled that they had a doctor in residence. John took his clothes to the room upstairs. He actually had a couple of pots and pans, and a kettle. His shower things had gone in the bathroom, his Radox shampoo, versus Sherlock’s Oribe. He had looked fine with his curls in a halo, while he stayed at Johns, but ever since he had gotten his own products back, the ringlets were incomparable. Well, they were part of John’s problems, those curls.
“Now I understand you, Posh Boy.” John was happy to comply, as he had neglected his own cock during his little game and it was hard to the point of being painful. He placed Sherlock on his back again, and moved around to kiss his lips, careful not to have their bodies touch, lest either or both just go off. John wanted this feeling, this sweet and anticipatory heat, to last longer. His body vibrated with the joy of having what he had missed so much. His feeling of belonging to his mad man so strong, he wondered why he had sought him in other bodies. Now he ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, and kissed his neck, placed a kiss on the bullet scar,  Sherlock’s eyes followed him, his movements, his kisses. His breath hitched, his legs trembling. John placed himself and entered, hearing Sherlock gasp. Neither man moved, just breathed, Sherlock’s eyes closed.
, Also a heartfelt thank you to all you lovely people who have given this Monster of mine such a warm and enthusiastic welcome! Thank you for the long comments, the short comments, the kudos and the views. From the writer's side, I can know confirm that all your feedback is life! I hope you can continue to enjoy.
Sherlock gave John a slight smirk and a shoulder shrug. “Better listen to her John. She was never going to let me drive anyway. Who would do the investigating? We are the soldiers and she is the General here. If you want to play, you do it her way.” The berk actually smiled at her.
The following story is important to me for a very important reason; It is so well written and convincing, it made a true blue johnlocker need reassurance that Sherlock and John do belong together. This lovely person came to me for a fix-it fic recommendation, and an incredible friendship was born! So,
“Yes, Molly, the bloke currently shagging my ex is bloody gorgeous! Happy? Want a picture? Because I’m pretty sure “baby” can show you one!!” Drink down.
“I’m perfectly capable of noticing if my voice changes. I can take the antibiotics myself! I’m not staying here!”
Sherlock arrived, breathing harder than he would have liked, thinking he would have to work his lower body some more. John was cocky and full of himself from the win. “So, how does the posh boy feel when the army doctor can beat him up the hill, even being 5 years older than him?”
“I don’t see any police! It’s just like when you came and ruined poor Ms O'Keillie’s career with your nonsense!! You made such a mess, they never called her to substitute again!”
John used the cane as a baton, having hit the first man on the head hard enough to knock him out, now he was fighting the two other men. The boy came out of the shadows. Free of his attackers, he tapped the man he had been talking with on the shoulders, threw what looked like a small baggie at his face, surprising him, and connected a good right to his jaw.
“How messed up have I been, that I had to punish my partner for loving him! Now I can’t stop myself from holding his hand when we are out together, I feel I have to kiss him goodbye when we part ways and I have unnecessarily pointed out that ‘We’re together’ during cases, and when meeting new people. I’ve caught Sherlock rolling his eyes, though he is almost always smiling.”
Molly walked over to the computer and turned it off. “Now who is stuck in the bloody past! If you are going to be a nuisance, you can go back to the Yard. Donovan is your buddy, let her get you coffee!!”
Oh what a night!! It’s Rosie’s night! Not only does Sherlock get to see Rosie sing at school! He also gets a dinner with friends and family at Angelo’s and a surprise.  Then there is a night, a lovely night. Then some not so lovely days. The men finally talk and they revisit “The Fight” that started it all. There is hope here!
They had a beautiful Christmas Eve celebration, with the flat hosting the Stamfords, the Watsons, the Holmes, the Woods, the future Wiggins and of course Mrs Hudson and the girls, who were happy at being invited and very grateful for all the presents they got.
“Yes and getting back to that…,” Dr. Quentin said as Sherlock rolled his eyes, “...your thoughts about it. Why did it happen?”
“Oh! Is it? No wonder I didn’t recognize it. I was commanded into wearing it today.” Sherlock waved at Watson.
The next day Sherlock received a call from Mrs Hudson. She was back at home and they could move in. The boys started packing up John’s things, mostly books. Then they heard Mrs Lewis yell out; “My bag! You thief! Stop it, come back!!" and Sherlock, who was closer, flew down the stairs and out the door, while John ran into the room to get his gun, and then went after him.
Sherlock went over the pieces of evidence, memorizing numbers he found handwritten on the receipts, and also taking pictures of the little portraits on the piece of paper. Once they were done, John was stopped by one of the younger detectives, Stewart, who wanted to let him know he was a fan, and talked to him about some of the tips Mr. Holmes had passed on to him, he has said came from John’s experiences with handling high tension situations. Hearing that had moved him, that Sherlock still had good things to say about him and include his experiences as advice for new officers.
Then Sherlock took John’s whole length down his throat and started to move, swallowing, both men groaning. John looked at Sherlock incredulously, as he held his hair in his hand. Sherlock slowly took his whole cock in, and then just the glans, tongue into his slit, then back to pulling John’s arse towards him and swallowing whole. Sherlock looked upward and into John’s eyes as he sucked, and his eyes were so full of lust and feeling that John came. Hard down Sherlock’ throat. When he could focus, he saw Sherlock still on his knees on the ground, pulling himself. John stopped his hand. Brought him up to the bed, and Sherlock did that thing, his two long fingers, cleaning the side of his mouth. He wasn’t aware of it, but how many times had John dreamt of it. There was a time they couldn’t eat, without John getting half hard at the sight of that tiny gesture. Now, John gave Sherlock a deep kiss and slicked his own hand. He held Sherlock’s cock hard, then started varying the strokes until the detective was a blubbering mess, “John, oh make me come, now!…” John didn’t wait to be asked again and finished him off, with a twist at the top.
“Commerce. Irene is working with money. A business advisor, working exclusively with the top echelon of society. She goes by a different name now.”
“Yeah, night time could be a problem. He usually has ...stuff to do in the evenings. They are the only evenings he has for himself, right? If you don’t have anyone to keep the Rose, I’ll take her. I can even go to your place if you want.” Greg offered.
“How fucking progressive of them.” Sherlock didn’t have to deduce much. John had his little rage smile on and when he put the clothes aside, his hands went into fists, his eyes glaring at him from under bent eyebrows.
Since John wasn’t getting answers from Sherlock, he started calling and texting Mycroft, with an equal lack of results. When he had tried several days with no result from either, he finally took himself to the Diogenes Club. Demanding to see Mycroft. Who was angry. Furious, even. John, who had never been afraid, or too impressed with him, had to admit he looked like a force to be reckoned with. He didn’t give John much that he didn’t already know.  Yes, Sherlock was working for him. No he was not sick. He didn’t know when Sherlock would be back to Baker. When John said that if Sherlock was so busy working, he could take care of Rosie until Sherlock had more free time, Mycroft turned feral. He stood up, head bowed brows furrowed, hands at each end of his desk. When he spoke, it was in a low growl.
“No. He wasn’t aware I’ve been seeing you, which speaks well of Mike, which was expected, and Lestrade, which is surprising seeing that they get along quite well. However, it was like a wake up call for me. I decided to leave, to avoid the temptation of accepting John’s invitation to ‘drop me off’.”
Sherlock was very quiet in the cab. John held his pinkie with his smaller one. Sherlock allowed the contact. He eventually said: “John, best drop me off at Baker Street. I won’t be good company tonight.”
-I’ve been so lonely missing you and all those naughty, naughty things you like to do to me. You know I love it when you...
He busied himself with making her a snack, suddenly wanting distance from the intensity of the emotions he felt brewing at just knowing John was back. He shouldn’t. He had tried to suffocate the feelings, but they had only grown stronger. This holiday had rendered him miserable. He’d lost half a stone, he slept poorly, his social interactions had reverted to pre-John status. His body sported several scrapes and a couple of deeper cuts he had neglected and were stinging quite badly. He was a veritable mess. At least he had been able to keep his feelings hidden. Sherlock was thankful indeed for how predictable John was. His haircut, his taste in clothing, were comforting, always the same. As long as John remained himself, Sherlock could give him his space. He took comfort in their familiarity.
“I'm fine, John. I think maybe I hit my knee.” He looked down to see John handling his ripped trousers. He had quite a gash. His foot felt funny. John wasn’t looking up. “John?"
“Classic tell! And pleased to meet you,” said the man. He pointed at the coffee machines at the breakfast buffet. “Are you heading for coffee? I’m starving, but nothing in the buffet looks appetizing at all. Any suggestions?”
deserve so many thanks and love from me, for being the best friends ever. Please check out their work right here on AO3.  As you read my story, remember, I tend to make last minute additions, so mistakes you see are Not my Betas' fault.
John stood there, his cock apparently very interested in Sherlock’s voice and words, in the middle of nowhere, his husband and he alone. “You prick! You know very well what you’re doing to me! Now I want to go back to the lodge Right. Now!’ Come on, we are walking!”
She talked to him about the Wiggins twins, how she had gone to the hospital to see Molly and Billy had been such a gentleman. How the house had a beautiful nursery and how Kaia had knitted some beautiful tiny cardigans and little caps for them, while Claire had teased her and said Molly would never put them on the babies, and how she should think of giving Molly something. Then, when the three went together to help Molly out at her house, Claire had shown up with tiny pants and booties to complement the cardigans and a big ‘U' pillow for Molly and a baby carrier for Bill, who insisted on carrying the babies.
“You brought me here under the pretense of a professional interest in the topics presented, related to health services and care for veterans. You said the purpose was purely educational, and a bit of a holiday for the two of us. Somehow, the fact that you are the next Veteran’s Department Director for Cheltenham Hospital, managed to fly out of your brain.”
“Answer me! When you had sex with your wife, would you have preferred it had been with your male lovers?”
“I was scared, and lonely. You were kind and quite handsome. I felt very attracted to you and threw myself at you one night…”
“What was it like when she returned? Was there a rekindling of their relationship? Your friendship?’
Luther made sure Sherlock and Rosie were secured and understood what to do. Sherlock first tended to Rosie and climbed with her, participating in a race with Mark and his dad. Sherlock and Rosie coming up the winners. Then she raced by herself and tied with Pepsi. Some races later, she went back to the trampoline with her friends. Sherlock decided to climb to the top. He stood for a good ten minutes looking at the wall. Then he proceeded to scale as if he had done it many times before.
Greg tilted his head and stared at him with a smile, “How’s that going. Himself satisfied with your participation?” eyes twinkling.
“Thank you John. Sorry about that…” he said, waving a hand towards the bathroom. “I’ll just let myself out”
“It’s a trap, John. Rusty left because I didn’t ‘lend’ him money to buy equipment to rob a jewelry store. He thought I wouldn’t know his motive, but word spreads fast. Also, no one calls me boss; it’s either Sherlock, or Shezza. Finally, Wiggins is in hospital detoxing after Lestrade caught him holding at an underground fight. I believe Rusty is now working for the same man Moran does.”
“What do you mean you can’t find my name! I have the form, it’s Right. Here!” He yelled, putting the phone to her face, so she could see it.
by withoutawish. This was one of the first AO3 fics I read and it hooked me from the start. At Christmas time, John asks Sherlock to make a list. He does and John sets out to fulfill it. On John's list there is only one item. It's up to Sherlock to rise to the occasion. Lovely.
“Please, Sherlock please listen! I will let you go, but please listen first!!” Sherlock let out a frustrated grunt and miraculously, stilled in John’s hands. John kneeled in front of him, still holding his arms. Sherlock’s face was placed in front of John’s, but he wouldn’t meet his eyes. ‘Good enough’, thought John.
“John! So Sarah did hire you. That is great. You alright? After you left, I had an impression that I may have given you the directions wrong. I tried to call you, but your phone wasn’t in service.”
John and Sherlock have started their friendship in an epic way! Now, after the fight, and the chase and the sobering up, John has a job.  Mike is sorry he gave him the wrong directions. He takes John to meet Molly Hooper.  John joins Sherlock on a case and witnesses him working! The genius is upset, because John hasn't answered is calls. There has been some misunderstandings, but they can talk them out.
John was toweling himself dry. Rosie still had to be given breakfast. He called Mike. He took Pepsi to school and didn’t have a problem coming over. Once he got there, John took a cab. From the street he heard Sherlock complaining about his tardiness and Mrs. Hudson came out, looking happy as the cat that ate the canary, looking at him excitedly. Then she called “Sherlock, he’s here!”
Sherlock sighed; “eating, sleeping, bathing, doing the shopping, paying the bills, doing the laundry and the dishes. All those boring things.”
“No sweetheart, not today. I wouldn’t want to intrude in your time with your dad. I’m going to work on the cases Donovan gave me. Luther will give me a ride,” said Sherlock quickly.
Sherlock gave Rosie her bath, and put her to bed, read her a story about “Little Red Ninja Hood” making the appropriate voices.
He  walked for a while and found a smallish disco. He decided to go in, as it could count as something he had not done with John. He found it not too crowded, being Wednesday. Sherlock went to the bar, and had a rum and soda, taking in the music. The DJ seemed to have an eclectic taste, going back and forth from older to newer songs. He went to the center of the dance floor when he heard “Can’t Stop Feeling” (Franz Ferdinand), which reminded him of his time in Florida, when he had just met the Hudsons, and he was a stripper. He let himself dance, and had to slap and push away people  who liked what they saw. “Mad Love” (Sean Paul) came next, then (“Cake by the Ocean.”) and some older songs by Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars. Sherlock was sweating profusely by the time he gave up. Somebody pulled his shirt, and he turned around to glare at the culprit, then met eyes with the DJ, who smiled at him, giving him a once over, offering him a sealed bottle of water, which Sherlock took. Big, handsome man, ebony skin, brown eyes, playful smile. Interesting music choices. Sherlock felt, flattered? by the man’s attention. He was definitely happy to have come.
John realized he hadn’t come, and was starting to say something, but Sherlock cut him off. ”It’s alright, John. I just can’t seem to - it will go away”
“I received a hand drawn, handwritten invitation, two months ago by mail…” he sighed “I had a summit to attend to, but I wouldn’t miss Rosalie’s debut for the world. I will also like to see you enjoy it, little brother. Oh, Sherlock, speaking of occasions, will you do me the honor of being my best man?”
“Of course not! I’m just saying, let’s cool our heads before we go overboard. It’s over, right? You did great. You kept your head, delegated tasks, gathered the info, and found them. Then got a confession out of the woman.”
John saw Sherlock take a step and go pale. For a moment he looked as if he was going to pass out. He got to him just in time to  keep him from falling. “My foot.. The foot” said Sherlock in a whisper.
John giggled as they got in the cab. “No cards, Sherlock. You do realize I didn’t know you were calling. The phone wasn’t registering your number. Had I known, I would have answered.” Sherlock just looked out the window. When they got back to the flat, he went into the bathroom and came out in some of his own pajamas and a blue robe that looked as if it were made of silk. He proceeded to the couch, and curled up facing it’s back in a sulk.
Molly Hooper greeted him with a fake smile, when Mike said, “Molly, meet Sherlock’s new flatmate, our new locum, Dr John Watson!”
“Sherlock, I have been wanting to do this since we laughed together that first night at the door. I think I’ve loved  you ever since. I knew it when you were away, and I denied it when you came back. I only came to call it what it is after I moved back in. I love you Sherlock. There will be no one else for me. He kissed his madman.
“The song. It would have been our song, at our... if we had...ah, forget it. It seems I’m quite inebriated. Ignore me.”
“I want to make up for the times I wanted to kiss you, and I didn’t. There are some kisses that haunted me in dreams since the moment they didn’t happen. Can I try?”
“Oh God, John! All that was true? So are you two... getting along? I like Sherlock, but he’s not very successful with human interactions.” Mike said, a tentative smile on his face.
-Yes. We cheered to our ex-partners. I found it quite easy to talk to her. We discussed single parenting. She and Lizbeth collaborate less than us, apparently. SH
When John saw him out, Lestrade took a good look at him, “I’m so glad he’s alright. He’s been back in London for quite a while, so when he didn’t call or come around, I got worried. Knew he was up to no good. Mad that I kicked him out, but the ‘no cases while high’ rule works well for him, you know? I’m tickled he found a friend. Let me give you my number.”
“Come sweetheart, let’s have some liquid courage.” Daddy prepared two double whisky neats. Sherlock downed his immediately and dad gave him another. “Now that should do it, no need to get plastered. I don’t think your John would like that. Now, Sherlock, If I survived almost 50 years of marriage to your mother, you will be fine with Dr. Watson. He loves you. I never doubted that.”
Dr. Quentin’s words about befriending new people lead him to say. “If that is the case, why don’t you come with her? We recently renovated the flat and there is a guest bedroom. The girls could stay in Rosie’s room.” This prompted the girls to scream again.
-John, did you know that Husky dogs are incredibly focused animals with an impressive memory? In 1925, a dog team commanded by a Husky named Balto, transported lifesaving antivirus to a group of Inuit children dying for diphtheria in the far off town of Nome, Alaska.  They started off in the area of Nenana, with their musher, Gunnar Kassen, as the last leg of a relay team which started in Anchorage. The weather prevented Kassen from going with his team, but Balto remembered the journey and got the team through a blizzard bringing -50 degree weather and savage winds. They travelled 20 hours by themselves and delivered the medicine. Truly impressive, John.  SH
John didn’t think that Mycroft was the solution, “Let’s think about that a little before we ask him. Fortunately these people are clearly amateurs. Not only is she ok, she’s shown us how well she can react in this kind of situation…”
not "just" for "beta-ing" this monster of mine, but also for the enthusiasm, the hand holding when I go "cold noodle" and just in general being the most awesome friends I ever thought one could have - from Fandom! Thank you Sherlock!
“As am I.” Said Molly. “Please know that I owe a debt of gratitude to each one of you present tonight. This home is a new chapter for us; new neighborhood, new house, new status. Sometime next year, we will make this official. You will be receiving invitations for a ceremony. Now, everyone please raise your glass and help me toast, for I was so lonely, and one came along and turned on the lights that were darkened. Cheers!!”
John was rewarded by Sherlock bringing his whole body closer, plastering himself on John, sniffing, kissing and then probing John’s scar with his tongue. This was so unexpected, so sensual, that John groaned, and Sherlock stopped, got up and looked at him in alarm. “Am I doing it wrong? Am hurting you?”
They danced and laughed together. The next song was a slightly modified version of Ed Sheeran’s Perfect, and everyone was invited back on the dance floor.
“Finger marks make me think diabetes, sugar testing. This guy was younger, but could still be affected.”
“Well, he helped open the markers and mix them with the alcohol. He checked the mixing of the colors, and the water temperatures the next morning. Anyway, everybody helped. Charlie recorded, and then she helped us with the hair coloring. She made us the best breakfast in the morning!”
by darcylindbergh. Please have tissue at hand. Oh the pain! However this story is a thing of beauty! I have read it repeatedly and its well worth the tears.
They said goodbye to Dr. Sternbach, who had late afternoon and evening meetings, and changed for a stroll on the beach. John made sure to hold Sherlock’s hand as they strolled along. “You know…,” he said, as Sherlock looked at the ocean, “I came to the beach one school holiday, for a week or so with some blokes from Uni. We would set up tents in the beach, eat from cans and sing around the campfires, as we drank beer. I have some good memories of it. Did you ever do something like that?”
“You didn’t have to bring it in, Mrs. Hudson, it’s probably something Sherlock ordered,” John said, though he was trying to convince himself.
“I’m terribly confused, Dr. Quentin. I confess, that when we started our sessions, I would have jumped into fire to get back with John, no questions asked. I’m very… careful now. At times, I still feel I’m better off without the risk of him leaving again. He did say he would respect my wishes, and go at my pace. He knows I’m very wary of intimacy with him.”
“Yet you came back to rescue me, a washed out war doctor with nothing but the clothes on his back, and a prospect of a job, you feed me and offer to share a flat with me? Do you realise how sad and boring my life has been since I was incapacitated? How good it felt to help you? You said I’m in danger? I tell you, it was about time.” And the two men smiled at each other.
“...But it doesn’t work like that!! You know it, you have to come to the Yard and fill out that paperwork!! Or at least let me bring it here, and dictate your answers!!!” Greg was exasperated. Sherlock had been impossible all week.
The Wiggin's twins, Matthew and Samantha, were born a couple of weeks before their due date. A bit underweight, but otherwise healthy and equipped with a potent set of lungs each. For Wiggins, it was Christmas in March. He was organized, loving and overactive, being a fantastic partner for Molly. She was certain that, just as she had told Sherlock, this was her happily ever after.
At school, Rosie had picked a fight with Pepsi, because as always, she could tell when Rosie was upset, or worse, when she was out of her depth and she would insist in doing something Rose didn’t want, such as call her dads. She had noticed this morning, when she came to put her books in her locker. There was another white envelope there. She had pushed it in deeper to hide it from Pepsi’s ever seeing eyes. The first note, found a couple of weeks ago in the same place, had been stupid, but disquieting. “Do you worry about being like your mother?” In general she hadn’t, not giving her mother much thought.
“Always Sherlock” John pulled him in for a kiss, surprisingly gentle. He tried to open Sherlock’s belt, the trousers. Sherlock’s hand stopped him.
He came downstairs, where there were his books in the bookcase, apparently ordered by something less boring than author or size.The kitchen things in their new places. The red armchair in front of the fireplace beckoned, he went to look around the kitchen, the shelves, the fridge.  Mrs Hudson had provided them with some basics; milk, tea, bread, eggs, orange juice, dish washing soap. He was thinking of what else to buy to make lunch with when he realized Sherlock had been very quiet.
“... as I was saying; the organization sent automatic emails three or four times a year…,” John started
Sherlock hovered at the bottom of the stairs. Should he go to Mrs. Hudson’s? He could pretend it was to show off Watson’s clever science project. He was honoured she had thought of using honey. Her display was perfect, with facts, diagrams, pictures, and actual honey, in different states of crystallisation and realistic bee and beehive decorations. He decided not to bother Mrs. H. It was rather late. He would skip dinner and have some tea. Upstairs, the flat was cold. It always was when it wasn’t a Watson night. He meant to look at some cold cases Donovan had asked him to review, but got caught up filing away everything about Watson’s science fair. Down to the light in her eyes when she first realised he was there. Watson’s school had a classroom of it’s own in his Mind Palace. Unwanted, the memory of how John had not looked at him when he arrived surfaced. Of course, John would correct him when Sherlock said they were separated. It did not hurt him when John said they were broken up. After all, it was already 3 months, one week and four days since John could not “take
“Ah! Yes, your ‘boyfriend’ has this cute little trick of reading people’s…,” he was interrupted by a forceful left hook that started a nosebleed
Sherlock had looked into a family holiday, to keep them away for the initial stage of the renovations. He thought maybe he could begin to express his feelings and stop the horrible fighting, the indifference, the lack of intimacy, When John left, the materials have been bought and paid for, as had the furniture, that John had unknowingly chosen, on different occasions as Sherlock asked him during cases what looked most comforting, or which fabric seemed more conducive to sleep.  Sherlock felt his Mind Palace was slow and confusing given the barrage of John’s questions, and while he was struggling not to get lost and find words, words, by the time he finally found some to offer John, said man had left, looking hurt, confused and angry.
“No. I just couldn’t. I mean, I do have eyes, I’ve seen quite a few attractive blokes. I was asked out by a couple of them, too. Everytime, it was like I saw Sherlock in my head.”
“I understand it is not hard for you. It’s not so easy...for me...to be. You were much more than a friend. I try not to think that way, I have trouble...looking at you as a friend. Mike is a friend. Lestrade is a friend. You...were more."
They spent the afternoon together. At first, Mrs Hudson taking things from shelves and cupboards and closets and putting them in two different boxes; donate or trash. Sometimes she took a piece and talked about it, then either put it back or boxed it. When she was done for the day, boxes full, she put on the radio and started singing along. Throughout it all, Sherlock sat, and thought. He half listened at times until the smell made him happy. She was making her extra special cinnamon rolls. Hudders always used real ingredients, not the hateful vanillin, or the ‘sugar cinnamon’. The more the rolls smelled, the more Sherlock came out of his anger, so when the smell of coffee came through, he was ready for it.
He took a deep breath. Rosie was coming  towards John, her hands red from the rope. “Did you see my bees?” She asked them. She had a small swarm painted on her face.
“Go? Where would I go? I’m fine where I am right now. What experiments? Do they require my participation?”
“Well, your omitting the truth in this case did nothing for us. I did not deserve to be put in the situation I went through. You say you will not take the job. I said, when we first agreed to try again, I would believe your word. But I’m going home. Now.”
John considered the life Sherlock was describing. Granted it was similar to his own. Sherlock should be going out, having fun, not depending on Mrs. Hudson for company. Then he remembered Luther. He also knew that Harris was no idiot. He called often to spend time with Sherlock. John had to focus.
John made tea, which went ignored. Then he waited for Sherlock to come out of his... case sulk? Surely this didn’t happen every time there was progress in a case? When waiting didn’t produce any results, John decided to make a risotto for dinner.
“She did it by herself! Well except for buying the ingredients, washing up and putting away the material, but then, those are learned behaviours.” Rosie rolled her eyes, another learned behaviour, and went to explain her experiment to a visitor.
John sighed, got up and said: “Well, maybe I should go and keep her company.” He walked to the kitchen, put the glass down, stood there, hands on the edge of the sink, slumping over it. “Sarah is married now, Sherlock. She has been for two years. We went to her wedding. She is five months pregnant. I didn’t do this for her.” He started to walk towards the stairs, as Sherlock got up from his chair in panic.
“Thank you, for trying to lift my spirits Luther, but obviously I have more work to do. I’m going home. Please forgive me, I never meant to offend you.”
“I believe Rosie showed you her feelings tonight. I am not looking for a woman, Sherlock. I am staying in your life. I have all I ever wanted right here. No one else could be this. Only you.”
“Well I did ask him to not behave differently at the Yard or during work. I also asked him not to put it on the blog, for fear enemies would target him or Watson. He did take it seriously. More, perhaps, than I would have liked,” admitted Sherlock.
I can’t forget the time we were broken up John. I did not think I could have survived it, but I did. I was forced to lean on other people, Luther included, obviously. I learned to walk on my own two feet. I finally went to therapy and learned valuable lessons for myself. I will not delete what we went through, because I learned from it. I can survive on my own and my life is worth living. I hope you will continue to live it with me, but do not dwell on what happened during the time we were apart. I know I will greatly appreciate never knowing what you got up to with Gianna or any of the other people you kept company with. Dearest.”
John tried to produce a half intelligent response. He tried to keep the panic he felt out of his voice. “Sherlock, Fazel was lying. Remember he was pissed by your deductions yesterday?  He heard a rumor, and told you about it to hurt you.”
by thatawkwardfriend. An AU with al alternate meeting, enemies to lovers, with unbelivable action and a stunning case!
“Of sorts, I suppose. I’m Quincy Rivers. I’m a fan of you and doctor Watson. My friends and I have a youtube channel, and therefore, always stay on top of the headlines. You and Dr. Watson separated last year.”
John took a good look at Sherlock. The slit on his throat was nasty and bleeding, but not fatal. God, shallow even. The man had cut just enough to make it bleed moderately for a while. “
“I wish Watson could see this” Said Sherlock to John who had the camera. They had taken the first bus out, and Sherlock had been thrilled that a pack of wolves were in plain sight. He was now laying on the floor with binoculars, as John took pictures. “She’s fine with Harry, love, and that gives her a break from London, a fresh perspective” </
“Hum...I just turned D.I Harris down. I had to let him know I can’t date someone I work with…,” said Sherlock looking a little flustered.
“To starting anew, Dearest one.” Sherlock proclaimed, with a rough voice. They drank. John came closer to Sherlock and put an arm around his waist. “What do you need now, love? We can do whatever you want.”
“John, this is my ...friend?, Luther.” He looked from one man to the other. “Luther, this is my...uhm, my goddaughter’s father, John Watson.”
“He changed the game when he threatened you John. I have talked to Mycroft. He didn’t like it, but he will assemble contingency plans, should there be the need to go against Moriarty. He is anticipating the man is much more powerful than we thought. Moriarty certainly has connections in the United States and probably in Eastern Europe…”
John said he knew a couple of men, but he couldn’t remember why any of them would have something against him.
“So loyal of you to say that,” he singsonged, and then his voice changed. “Wake up. I will kill you and I will skin you. John Watson I will burn the heart out of you! And then I will take Sherlock and keep him for my own. He will be happier with me than he ever was with you.”
-Sherlock, this is Watson. John brought me to Harry's in Cadriff. He said it was an emergencu. I didn’t want to come. I miss you. Wait for me. I’m coming back. He promised. I love you. Please, don’t do something stupid Bumble. RWH
“Are you still insecure of John’s commitment, or your own perhaps? I believed you were interested in re-establishing your family life, intimacy, and domesticity for Rosalie.”
John had noticed. He loved Sherlock’s little changes. His new self assurance. His speaking up. Knowing himself better. Exercising consistently, taking better care of himself. Doing things around the house unprompted, depositing checks and paying the bills. He was wrong about this, though. John did have to keep the photo. In case he ever was so cocky to think he was Sherlock’s only option. He had even sent the photo to Luther.
“Working well with Donovan. I still find it hard to believe. But is he looking good? Like he’s taking care of himself?”
As he walked back home, shallow breath, all senses heightening his discomfort, he realized what the itching in the crook of his elbows meant. Body memory. Comfort of the last resort. No John, No Rosie. No John ever again. He was at his last resort.
who helped me with literally last minute editing! Also thank you to my amazing readers! You make this journey so much more fun! I'm grateful to find people do like the visions in my head.
Sunday evening, after her shower, John called her over to the living room. “Did you girls do your project, Rosie?”
“We went all over the place…” she said.”...after visiting the children’s museum and the stores, we went for a mani, pedi and Rosie...well she said it would be ok? I hope it is John.” Meghan said.
“I haven’t accepted the offer, love. I had been mulling on it for some time. For me, this opportunity might have been the equivalent of an 8 of a case for you. But the board directors can verify that I have not accepted the position...”
Then, the long awaited wedding. Everything finally comes together. The place, the clothes, the music, the officiant! John is truly the Conductor of Light and completely dazzles Sherlock! Mycroft has only one word to add. What Sherlock feared would be a dumb ceremony that would jinx the new relationship he and John have forged together turned out to be The Most Important Day In His Life, after all, thanks to his husband, Doctor John Watson- Holmes.
Sherlock raised John’s face with his hand. “John. It was only a one story building. I’m fine. The suspect, though, he may have some fractured ribs. I fell on him.” he said.
Sherlock gave an exasperated sigh. “We were broken up! I even checked with you before engaging in any kind of physical congress with Luther. He and I were not a couple, not in love. I just wanted to test whether someone else could possibly want to be with me in an intimate manner.”
“I think it was you saying you would be taken care of. The way you said it, with the smile on your face, it sounded like you meant something else.”
“You were living in that tiny bedsit, wanting to save your sham of a marriage. I took to just going in, unannounced. You usually didn’t protest, just ordered food and watched  telly while I used your facilities.”
However, things had changed a bit. Sherlock had softened somewhat. John had to be careful now. That look in Sherlock’s eyes as they met his, had done something to him, that he had told himself would not happen again. He had felt a tiny crack in his armour. Sherlock’s  bloody eyes.
Sherlock looked her over for an alarming length of time, half a minute, when It really should have been instantaneous.
Meghan loved to see how Harry changed in London. She stood up straighter, she dressed sharper, she took time with her makeup. Having grown up in the leisurely, expansive state of Missouri in the USA, the tight packed, overactive, exciting city of London, held definite allure for her.
“Dr. Watson, good to see you sir, good of you to come…” Sherlock elbowed him and he shook hands with John. They filled him in on the information they had gathered and the possible plan of action. They each took off in different directions to interview friends of the competition candidates, under the ruse of being from the papers.
John took his arms down and grabbed his hands, “Sherlock, breathe. Look at me, love. There is so much wrong with what you are proposing. First, you are not alone. You chose to be in a relationship with me. Remember when I told you I am yours? So now your life is not your own. Keep your hands off of it. Let go of any idea about embarking a mission on your own. If it is not safe enough for me, it is not safe enough for you. It is both of us or neither of us. So he said he will burn the heart out of me. Believe me I would rather it burn with you by my side than be left behind, thinking you could be tired or sick, captured, tortured or dead! I couldn’t survive that, Sherlock, you wouldn’t find me here if you left me!”
She had found a private sponsor, who had assembled a team for her. Lauren conducted human testing in an effort to produce a practical medicine before the UCL team did. She had sent her new “team” to bring her homeless veterans with her targeted diseases to go through clinical trials. The team had posed as medical students working for a local clinic, in order to gain the people’s trust.
Sherlock was sitting next to John, in a long sleeve maroon shirt and black trousers looking frankly uncomfortable, as if he didn’t know his place. They had smiled and Sherlock had deduced her new job as a dance teacher in a girl’s school, while John and Harry caught up on the lives of a few acquaintances. John laughed and placed a hand on Sherlock’s, who almost jumped out of his seat at the touch, but kept his hand where it was. Hmm, not so broken up any more? She looked at Harry, who was looking at the men’s hands, hawkeyed. Rosie was looking at her phone, trying hard not to show her smile.
Moriarty and Moran may be away and in hiding, but they are still having an impact in John and Sherlock’s life. All this dedication to the case means no time for more important things! John has been trying to support and help Sherlock, but the constant meetings, and planning, and searching is draining Sherlock. John decides to go to Big Brother for help, and given some much needed intervention, Sherlock will remember which things in life are worth slowing down for! Here comes the happy ending!
Sherlock left a voice message for John, then rushed to start the search, hoping Rosie had been able to hide. Mrs. Burns told him she saw a phone very close to the edge of this desk, but didn’t find anything in the art supply closet in the art room behind the stage. The two of them ran back, Sherlock yelling at the janitor, who was about to enter the classroom, to stop. They went in, Sherlock looked at the phone, at the hiding space under the desk. He opened the desk drawers. Saw it. Other than the placement of the phone, there were no signs of a hurried call. Sherlock looked in the art supply closet. Cans of paint, a couple of stacked easels, large cardboard trifolds. “Watson?” he called, “it’s me, it’s Sherlock.” There was no response, not the smallest sound. Sherlock proceeded. “LB, this is WSSH Bumble - 221 Vatican Cameos.”
When I wised up and started keeping up with the school site, you would tell me I didn’t need to go since I would only annoy the teachers. You told me if I went to the parties, I would never be able to take it and would end up costing Watson her friends. You can’t say those things to me and expect I’ll volunteer to go!” Sherlock paced around as he yelled, moving his arms, yanking at his hair.
Here is where Rosie felt the rush of adrenaline, scaring her badly, it was what she had thought that night. John was taking her away from Sherlock.
When they woke up, the flat was dark. Sherlock had just woken up and was looking at John, worriedly. “Hey there,” the doctor said.
John moved forward and put his hand on Sherlock’s knee. “I wouldn’t have stopped you. I would have kissed you myself, if Mrs Hudson hadn’t so conveniently interrupted us.” He moved forward, knees on the floor in front of Sherlock, his nerves suddenly dissipating the alcohol in his system, the little velvet bag in his pocket making his stomach flip.
“We will but only for the weekend. Myc has lots of loose ends to tie before we travel, in a couple of weeks. So, John is definitely not coming?"
He sat up, took off his pants, causing Sherlock’s mind to go offline again. He didn’t seem to be able to take his eyes off of John. The older man sat up between Sherlock’s legs, and took off Sherlock’s pants, too.
Sherlock worked. Worked two cases at once, asked Donovan for cold cases. He knew he had blown his last chance to talk with John at Barts. He hadn’t been able to talk, not at Barts. He couldn’t bring up words knowing Donovan was there. They were colleagues of a sort. Also, Sherlock had been hurting, thinking of John going back to the woman as if nothing had happened between them. He had sent John four texts. He asked for help with the cases, but he was really just hoping for an opening. No such luck. Didn’t matter. He had Watson tomorrow, so for three days it would be the two of them, against the world.
“Would you go back and live there, though? After living here?” That was Mel, who really wanted to travel .
“No! It’ll be a surprise! He has no idea. John knows. He’s alright with it. He says he has a surprise for us after. Harry and Meghan are coming to see me. They’ll come a couple of days before."
That moment, Stewart elbowed the suspect, who responded instantly, tightening his hold on Stewart and pointing the gun at Sherlock. John moved quietly to a workable angle and quickly shot at the suspect’s hand, grazing it, making the man drop the gun. Stewart fell to the floor, trying to catch some air. Sherlock ran to the suspect.
They got in the tub, John behind Sherlock, hugging. They sat in the hot relaxing water. Then John took a washcloth and started scrubbing Sherlock’s shoulders, and chest, kissing his hair, his face. John made sure they both were clean, and relaxed, and then got out, dried himself, got into his robe and helped Sherlock out, carefully drying him off too.
John had got up, coming close to Sherlock’s chair. He had held the detective’s face in his hands and given him a look the detective couldn’t figure out. “Sherlock…,” he had said tenderly, “would you want this? Would this be alright? We don’t have to. Things won’t change between us if you say ‘no’.”...
“Sherlock! Really, what a pet you have gotten!” The man’s Irish lilt was a bit off somehow. John knew better than to show it, but the constant smiling was unnerving. “Master will be mad now. He doesn’t like to admit it, but he’s a jealous bloke, mate. And he’s nasty.”
When John had enough of waiting around, he decided to go over to Baker Street, in the hopes the git might be distracted by some kind of experiment. Just in case Sherlock had gone visiting his old haunts, John took his gun with him. He decided to take a chance and call Greg.
“Hi there. You have been… impossible to reach.” The object of his discomfort stood next to the front door, in khaki trousers and a light, checkered short sleeve shirt. Arms crossed, expression calm.
“You are jealous of the time she’s been spending with the boy. He’s good, he told her he wants to learn the idioms so he doesn’t stand out that much in school. Pepsi is jealous, too. You both should relax.”
“I love you. You are my dad. I don’t remember mother. She is dead. I just want you and John, if you could hurry up and get back together, I would be most thankful.” she stated.
So John took it purposefully slow . He gave Sherlock space, but texted him every day. Early, so he had a good morning greeting waiting on the phone, and late, to fill him in about what happened during the day. They exercised together. They went back to the boxing ring, but never sparred with one another. They rode their bicycles, and sometimes, they included their daughter. They got together at John’s place, and cooked for their family. Sherlock taught him how to make all of Watson’s favorite foods. John took pictures with his phone. Sometimes, when he was alone, he picked some and made them into his cartoons.
Back at the flat, he tried calling Sherlock. No answer. To any calls. He sent texts. Explaining. Telling him everything would remain the same. No answer. Only when he asked him if he would still pick Rosie up from school on Thursday, did he get an answer
That monologue left John somewhat confused and thinking about Adler. She had contacted Sherlock at times. John knew she was living in the USA, doing what, he didn’t know.
They overslept the next morning, Sherlock hurried to the shower, to try to make it to breakfast at Mummy’s, but while he was there, John joined him, intent in showing him his dance moves, obviously in a state of undress, also insisting that he barely remembered the events of the night before and needed a redo, if Sherlock could for once forget his dislike of repeating himself. Sherlock was feeling amicable due to his brother’s wedding and happily provided an encore.
“Stop. No more, dearest.” said Sherlock. “That was then, look at what we have now! Let’s be happy, John. Please!”
John, however, was  a man on a mission, so he moved his detective, got him on his back, positioned himself between his legs and swallowed his length, head bobbing up and down, while Sherlock grabbed his hair and the sheets and shook with the effort of keeping his whining to a minimum. Yes, that was better. He had hardened even more, so John went back to the tip, shoved his fingers rudely into Sherlock’s mouth to wet them, then used them to circle his rim, which by itself almost brought him over the edge, so John wet them again, and introduced a finger, while he took his cock again. He had only to rub at the bottom of the prostate a couple of times before Sherlock came forcefully in John’s mouth. He could barely swallow it all, his nose was runny and his eyes watery, but it was so worth it, to see his partner finally with a small spaced out smile. John reached up and kissed him, before going to the loo to wash up a bit. Then went back into the bed.
Now a group settled in to take over the music. They had been hired by Tara. A cover group exclusively of gay men,  The River Band, they took popular songs old and new and played with the pronouns and the lyrics. They played a medley of songs Sherlock knew - from the disco. The dance floor was cleared. Sherlock looked around. He turned to Harry “Is there another act?”
“After all these years? I’ve been with Sherlock more than twice as long as with Mary now.” He said, surprising himself.
“What are you talking about? The latest one was for the start of the school year!” His posh voice booming.
Sherlock continued; “Reid basically gave himself away today. I wonder if he knows just how cold blooded his mistress is. She went from joining him in his intimidation  plans, to get even with me for getting her fired, to searching for Mary’s information, in secured information channels, and developing threats that would terrify a child. She even goes as far as telling Rosie that she is destined to become her mother.” Sherlock had been texting Donovan as he spoke, and the Yard was already on their way to arrest the couple.
“You are huge.” Said Sherlock. Luther smiled. Soon Sherlock held Luther in his hand. His anxiety was melting away; he was beginning to enjoy this, keeping himself firmly in the here and now.  Luther lay down on Sherlock to rut against him, holding them both in his hand, while Sherlock’s hand explored the new terrain on top of him, panting and close. Sherlock's wandering hand massaged a firm round arse, as they kissed and Luther took his hand off to cover it with lube. Sherlock used some too, and when Luther took both their cocks together again, Sherlock  moaned “Nggh I’m… aghh” He reached out to touch Luther’s rim and circled it with his slickened fingers, and that was it for the bigger man. With a shout he was spilling over his own hand, while he bit down on Sherlock’s neck, close to his shoulder, and that was it for Sherlock, too.
“I won’t go home with John. Nothing good would come of that. I came here alone. I would go home alone, but I would rather go with you.”
They felt ready to have the fish and chips then, afterwards settled on watching some telly, with the men sitting on the sofa next to each other and Rosie laying on top of them, head on Sherlock's lap, feet on John’s. She wanted both men to put her to bed and made Sherlock promise he would stay for breakfast.
They were looking over the vic’s body, Sherlock taking a close look at what looked like soccer cleat marks close to the rib cage. They were nuances between brands. Donovan had called Lestrade in, old habits died hard, and she was still dependent on him. Sherlock heard John ask for him to Collins, then greet Lestrade warmly, and Donovan impersonally. Then he approached Sherlock, trying to catch his attention.
He couldn’t drive home. He just couldn’t drive back to the empty, horrid, flat right now. He called Molly and asked her out for the pizza Rosie wanted. She accepted, and they went to the little restaurant close to Barts. John didn’t eat more than a slice, but did have two drinks from the bar. Afterwards, they went to Molly’s. Rosie played with Toby, while John told Molly about the party and about Luther. As Molly told him she had heard something about Sherlock’s boyfriend from Allen, who in turn had heard about it eavesdropping on Donovan, John got up, got the bottle of whisky Molly kept at her small liquor cabinet, ice and two glasses, poured drinks out.
Sherlock suspected the reason he couldn’t finalize the case was John. He found it increasingly difficult to remain concentrated on his cases, without his conductor of light. Even when they were at the height of discontent, John mere weeks away from moving out, Sherlock had known that no matter what, John would at least physically be home. Even during their bitterest arguments, Sherlock had taken comfort that he was there, that he hadn’t left. There had been something worth going on for. With him gone, his thoughts split between his ongoing cases, Watson, and broken up John. It was quite frustrating, and he didn’t see an end to the situation.
“We are getting along just fine. He invited me to work cases with him. I’m going to do it.” John said, and saw Mike’s smile widen.
Something has to be done, thought John, as he agreed to yet another home improvement task, he is not eating or sleeping until he uncovers this.
Mike continued, “Dear friends; I would say we are here to celebrate the union of these two men in matrimony, but that wouldn’t capture the entire significance of this occasion. These two have had a complex, deep, loving relationship for many years now. And I take full credit for it.
Sherlock was worried, “John. I found this experience very frightening. All this, it made me want to ask Mycroft to assign people in Rosie’s school. I really can’t tolerate the thoughts of what could have happened to her.”
“No, I ensured her abusive, drug lord, American husband was sentenced to death, for eliminating his competitors. She promised to rent me a flat, once I procured a co-renter. If you feel up to it, we could go see it in a week.”
The Mystrade wedding! There are pictures (no murderous photographers), dances, and happiness! and JOHN GOES HOME!! He finally gets to see his beloved 221B, and discover why Sherlock never invited him in. The men have worked on their challenges, and built up their relationship. Now everything should be happy and easy, smooth ride to the end, right? Read on so you can enjoy the jewel hidden in the middle of the chapter courtesy of Dovahlock221! You have read and suffered and laughed with the men during their worst times, so now you get to enjoy this chapter! Cheers!
“I won’t repeat myself, since it’s done now anyway. I just hope you have given the matter deep consideration, as I will exercise my parental rights from now on.”
“Friend, Harry. Friend with benefits. Before that even happened, I called John to confirm we were still broken up.”
Rosie gave him an eye roll and an “oh puhleeze” look “Jackson’s grandfather, Luther. Really Sherlock, did you think I wouldn’t know? Jackson was over the moon that you two were ‘friends’, but I saw the both of you. He hugged you and he kissed you on the cheek. I saw it! And when you left with him, you held hands. Now, you are big enough to cross the street by yourself, so it was kind of obvious.”
“Yes! Sherlock is not good with surprises. I’m scared he’ll freeze. Go into his Mind Palace. I invited Nana Hudson, to help with him if it goes belly up.”
In the office in London, Mycroft slammed his hands down on his desk and stood up. Yes he had screwed up. Yes, the man was a bloody spider, with a web so large, it was scary. It was a formidable task to take it down. However he, Mycroft Holmes, was the bloody British Government and the Bloody Ice Man himself. No bastard sod came out of nowhere to threaten his baby brother, and was left unscathed. If there were important people in the palm of Moriarty’s hand, there were even more people, both important and rich, and lowlife and in dire need, that owed their money, their positions, their freedoms and their very lives to Mycroft Holmes. If the spider had declared war and promised destruction to Sherlock, Mycroft would declare war on him and destroy him. He would partner with Sherlock and together they would plan, find the resources, the weapons, and the people that would finish Moriarty, Moran and anyone who dared make Sherlock and his loved ones targets. So Moriarty thought he could dance? That bastard would not know what hit him!
