The longer John thought about it, the more he began doubting everything. He knew he was pretty much a gentleman no matter the level of sobriety he encountered. He also had been complicit in role play in which he wasn't to behave so gentlemanly. It was basically about respect and care. However, there was such an animalistic quality to the few memories he had of the night before. While Sherlock seemed a willing, even eager participant, he couldn't help but think of his own fumbling advances. He couldn't have been very gentle, as his desires finally getting the best of him was overwhelming. However, he remembered seeing no scratches, love bites, or other bruising when Sherlock was mostly nude that morning, and felt guilty that even just that picture of him standing in sunlight in snug black boxer briefs stirred him a bit.
"Right." They swayed easily for a moment to Berlin's Take My Breath Away and Sherlock, as unfamiliar as he was with the tune, closed his eyes and rested his forehead on John's as his long fingers laced around the back of John's neck. The smaller man lightly, lovingly rubbed the lower back of his partner. Sherlock even exhaled once in a way that was more pronounced than his other breathing. Once more, the utter contentment he felt was only interrupted by the fact that this was all an illusion, the extra affection in this case most likely a jealous response for Marceline's eyes. Sherlock had always been rather jealous of John's time. He knew it came of his being the best friend the man never had. And of course the loveliest of things usually were a fallacy in some form. He had to say something before he got sucked too far into it. Again. "Now it's my turn to ask what's wrong and tell you to stop moping."
"Babe is a pig attempting to be a sheep dog on what looks like an Australian farm where no one has the proper accent."
"You shouldn't cry, daddy. Unless you have happy tears," she said matter-of-factly, causing another brief, surprised expression on Mycroft's face at which John just shrugged. Was it really unexpected that the child was naturally observant, that she possessed a vocabulary way beyond her years? That she held a the compassion of someone much more wisened? She literally got the best of them. "Put me down please, Uncle." Mycroft complied in a manner John had never seen before. John shook himself out of shock, out of the sudden flash of a three and a half year-old Sherlock ordering a nearly eleven year-old Mycroft about. It was... heartwarming. But, routine, wherever possible, was key in a situation such as this.
He felt the way he did about their first kiss, however. He wanted to try, yet he wasn't sure if he should have done until it was happening. Also, sex was much more of a big deal. Kissing could sometimes be more intimate, yes, however John was changing a lifetime of being the way he was and that would take some time. They hadn't even discussed it past Sherlock declaring he would be the bottom for the sake of the charade but that he preferred switch-hitting in real life. John wanted so much to ask him, but didn't feel he was entitled to even that extra information, especially past the point of their both having a clean bill of health. Besides, what if he was shit at it?
"True. Many of the worst assaults and murders have to do with sex so it was something important to study. Of course they benignly label it 'crime of passion'. My experimentation was mostly on my own." John's heart fell a bit for the lonely kid Sherlock must have been. His seemingly childish rivalry with his brother had something to do with it, he was certain. "There was viscosity, flavour, volume, etc."
"God, John," the argent-crowned DI nearly gasped. Lifting her to nuzzle her face in a manner that looked much more rough than it actually was. Greg was an old hat with kids, with three of his own. "She's gorgeous!" Her delighted giggle warmed the room more than the fire.
"N-not sexually, no! I mean, not that you're under any obligation to say yes to marriage now, but-" At least John initiated this time, severely cushioning the blow of his subsequent sudden departure.
"I fixate," he said, ignoring John's awe disguised as misunderstanding as usual. "Like I said, I'm selective. About everything." Another hard truth about Sherlock. John thought perhaps he was being given a gauge by which he could know the truth as opposed to embellishments or outright lies Sherlock would tell him. It was difficult anyway, through the alcoholic haze. He thought Sherlock was bad at blurting things out when he was sober. They almost got into several fist fights with others during the evening because he just couldn't keep his mouth shut for long enough. Maybe that's what this 'overshare' could also be attributed to. "But, in answer to your original question, I have several erogenous zones, all normal. Well, in one place or another."
"I'm going to need a better answer than that, Sherlock. I'm about to use it for its intended purpose and it would be lovely to know if I'm in danger of contracting anything."
John danced in a way that had Sherlock completely forgetting that he hated the music. The ex Army doctor moved in a way that staked complete claim on his partner, warning rivals off, and further attracting everyone all at once. John held onto him solidly but non-restrictively, making sure Sherlock was free to move wherever and however he wished whilst being firmly tethered to him. It was frighteningly similar to being high, John's hands on him, bodies moving in sync with each other and the music. Sherlock often turned to press his back against him, as, not only had he not been this hard in nearly a decade, he couldn't quite handle the way John looked at him, in such a way as to continue to have complete authority over him even if they weren't touching.
"Not to have my heart fucked with, Sherlock. I can't... Look I just need a bit of time, okay? It's way too awkward."
His oddly attractive face fell when they got in and situated, however, as if he'd just remembered whatever was making him withdraw before. John briefly lay the back of the fingers of his dominant left hand on one of those impressive cheekbones, in order to cause the least amount of discomfort for everyone involved, yet still express how very much he cared about the answer to his question,
of love." John sat almost perfectly still but for hand gestures and all was very quiet for a long time as the genius was given time to study the situation from within.
Unseen hands continued to mutilate, un-anchored voices chided and found great amusement in his suffering. The laughter was minimal when they were hurting him, but it became positively maniacal when they saw how he struggled against his restraints in an attempt to get to John, who began calling his name. He was not at all screaming, as the situation would warrant, not even raising his voice. But the sheer pain was obvious. It was an ache Sherlock felt himself, even through everything being done to him. It wasn't his name in that broken, wretched tone that was the worst thing. It was the words of comfort. Even as they marred John's beautiful, very slightly slightly golden skin further, his best friend soothed
"Yes!" He grabbed the tousled raven head in his hands. "Yes I accept your marriage proposal, you infuriating, beautiful man!" He nodded and sighed, allowing John to kiss his nose.
"Because of the circumstances of the child's conception, he knows that you feel that returning would put all of you in danger, and that everything is his fault. He wants your forgiveness."
"What..." He almost didn't want to know, like when Sherlock would come home with a box of something from which there was sometimes movement or sound. But, in for a penny... "What exactly... what does it do?"
"I what?" Sherlock sat up straight and wove his hands together, letting them hang between his knees to affect an air of casualness, but if John was even looking, he would be able to see that his knuckles were white. No. This wasn't happening.
"Looks like. Of course, Mrs. Hudson will help with the least spicy one, and we can take some down to the Yard."
"More closely," she repeated, and John knew she'd remember from now on. Mycroft lifted her fluidly, taking in her every feature and no doubt comparing them to Sherlock's and his own. The hair was similar but a bit lighter with John's blond input. She had Sherlock's alabaster skin and she was lean and rather tall for a girl of three and a half. The almost cartoonishly sharp cheekbones of her other sire were hidden under the baby fat, but John took comfort in his contribution of her eyes, which were rather round and a cobalt blue. They were all John. They'd at first rolled their eyes and had a great laugh at Mary being teased in the lesser read gossip columns about just being a surrogate for Sherlock's and his laboratory-created gay baby. Strange how it turned out that was the most accurate assessment of the situation. Though John still didn't identify himself as gay. It was just Sherlock. He seemed to bust through every single wall, permeate every aspect of his being. And he made John not only like it, but
"Come back here." Sherlock pinched the sleeve of John's tee shirt between his thumb forefinger and tugged slightly. John rolled onto his right shoulder before propping himself up onto his forearm to look down at Sherlock. John had once called him a machine and, with no actual explanation of why he faked his death, Sherlock had done little(on purpose anyway)to deviate from that assessment past the actual jump. His returned rendered everything null and void and now John was just so... unsure. And it wasn't like him at all to be so. It was disheartening. "I won't hurt you," Sherlock said. Then added, at John's skeptical eyebrow, "Not in this way. Never in this way." If he was honest with himself, Sherlock couldn't tell who was trembling the hardest between the two of them when John lowered his mouth to his.
," he began after clearing his throat. "Known more commonly as 'white Foxglove'. It was used, originally, as a natural defibrillator of sorts as well as in the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure. I thought I was overdosed. That would have explained the head aches and mysterious loss of appetite, the... disruptions in rhythm." One hand went to his heart of its own free will, before he retook control of it and moved it back to the box. "But all of that went away, the confusion, the depression, everything, when I was finally able to admit to myself, that I loved you. Used improperly, a bit like love, it can stop the heart or cause suffocation. There are very few people who are able to properly handle it. The lethal dose and the therapeutic one are so close, that it's too dangerous for natural general use. And, somehow, you are the only one who knows the exact amount conducive to my body chemistry." He ran his eyes over the looping physical evidence of his love for this man for an unexpected extra jolt of confidence before bringing them resolutely back to John's, where he found the rest. "I still experience the edema and tachycardia, briefly, whenever I know you're close, whether or not I can see you, but not the head aches. Nor do I feel the low appetite. In fact, my hunger for you knows no bounds. I want to devour you until I'm ill and then have some more. I apologise for not having any evidence of that last bit, but I digress." He flipped open the top of the case, revealing the sturdy platinum band, matte-finished so as not to gleam and give away their position when undercover. A center channel housed a row of black diamonds, just above a concealed line where the bottom half could be separated to be reattached during the nuptial exchange. "I'm tempted to ask if it's enough. But then, I would always be disappointed with the answer. Because it isn't enough, nor will it ever be enough for you. So I'll simply beg of you. Will you please be my husband?"
"Okay what purpose did I serve? Before Willa, I mean?" Sherlock sighed deeply. Emotions exhausted him. "I married and had a child on the way because I thought that's what normal people did. Mary was actually the one that helped me get to this point. She helped me see a lot of things about you and about myself that I just couldn't, because, when I began a relationship with her, I was walking around with my eyes half shut most of the time, just... going through the motions of a normal life. She made me see that we have to make our own normal in order to be happy, in order to be a whole person."
everything had felt before conscious thinking got involved. It wasn't like the logic wasn't sound. Sherlock was rather good at that bit, no matter how much faster his mind got to that point before everyone else's.
"That was lovely, Sherlock." John couldn't help kissing him, tasting the partially consumed candied fruits in his mouth and slightly unaware he was backing him toward the bed. "Truly... lovely."
"Oh, God John! Please! Fuck me!" The words gave him the extra strength to spin them so they didn't slide across the floor any more than they had, and he began ramming into Sherlock, hard, their bodies not only making slapping sounds but solid, pounding noises, punctuated by Sherlock's grunts as each thrust hit home. In the distance, he heard Sherlock's jacket fall off the camera, but he was in some sort of a sexual berserker mode. Everything existed only to serve the encounter.
"But hear me out, John," Sherlock said before applying another body-melting kiss to his mouth. It was a terribly convincing counter, yet John again resisted, though by the skin of his teeth.
He moved his lips to John's, slim and soft and tasting of his favourite bag tea with honey. Great sucking kisses stole John's words and his breath and he didn't resist. He in fact actively participated, sliding a hand up his back into his tangled black curls and moving to straddle his lean sheet-covered thighs  with only a physical urging of his movements. John understood without words, so many times. The room went suddenly silver, wind howling through the eaves, rain battering the windows as if trying to break them. This was the dream. This had to be the fantasy, because the real world was never so perfect, so beautiful as John Watson willingly giving himself to him, though he vaguely heard the tearing of his shirt buttons, his own pleas and oaths in the distance. Sherlock begged John to help him, to never leave him. He responded each time that yes, always yes and he could never leave him.
He shook his head fondly at the trail of clothing Sherlock left leading up to the most luxurious bed he'd ever had the pleasure of slipping between the sheets of, but couldn't do the same with his uniform. He'd hang it up properly and tidy Sherlock's as usual tomorrow. Sherlock lay upright, bare chest barely more beige than than the all white colour scheme, all lean muscle and lightly peppered with hairs that were surprisingly ginger-ish. He was rifling through the complimentary hold-all with one hand and texting with the other.
There were several large barbecue pits just outside the canteen, but the meal was being served indoors, complete with dinner ladies making a bit of extra scratch on a Saturday near the end of term. It was a sight, Sherlock engaging in his version of cooing at the toddler in John's arms as they stood around the play structure at the park adjacent to campus, the same in which he'd taken care of the bully those years ago. Sherlock's baby talk involved various explanations of things in the Queen's English, though in a higher register, that would be inappropriate if the child could understand anything he said. Not that the ability to understand prevented him from doing so with an older one, but John would have at least said something in that case.
"What do you need, Sherlock?" It annoyed him to no end that even the expecting-to-be-irritated way John pronounced his bloody name with his smooth, soft voice was so lovely to him. He realized he was staring when John raised his eyebrows at him and made up for his initial immobility by promptly barging in, complaining about and explaining how John needed to watch the DVD for an experiment. "Stir this," he commanded, shoving the bowl into Sherlock's arm, plucking the sheer plastic case containing the disc from his fingers and looking at its blank face. "What is it?"
"I'm not frightened," he said, holding his gaze. Sherlock raised his eyebrows knowingly. "Okay a bit," he corrected himself. "It's just that... where did this all come from?" A realization seemed to dawn on him then and John shoved him back just hard enough to put space between them.
"Too many parameters. I needed to know a general average success rate to be able to calculate-" John turned to him then, his look stopping words as if he'd put a hand over Sherlock's mouth. But he was smiling slightly despite the unreadability of the rest of his expression.
He got back in there with long, slow thrusts this time, showering Sherlock with loving kisses, licks, and sweet words, releasing his hands so he could be held and stroked as well. Sherlock was truly apologetic in more ways than his words conveyed, continuing to accept john long after he himself had already orgasmed. When John was spent a second time, they cleaned each other and themselves up and gathered their clothing and appearances, putting all to rights. Of course Sherlock had to be Sherlock.
with his mouth? It was rebelling horribly, saying things without his mind's approval. He was never this outwardly sentimental, yet here he was, bending and twisting his neck for a volley of kisses, his mind churning with a chant of how it'd never be enough. He'd never get enough of John. This was going to be difficult. Especially with a soundtrack of romantic inane music he'd set playing on his phone as it sat next to Sherlock's on a little table by the tub, in their matching black shock and water resistant cases. John's of course bore the same RAMC crest his favourite mug did and Sherlock's had a rather clever drawing of a violin made from his skull and various lab equipment drawn by, of all people, his new biggest fan, Anderson. This was insanity. Especially when he'd quickly texted his brother whilst John was busy in the kitchen. He hadn't the time to spend on the phone with his mother as she gushed over his asking for the ring she'd inherited from his Grandfather. His parents were the original, what was puerilely called on the internet 'Johnlock shippers', insisting they would be together. Mycroft had texted back a smug 'Good Luck' that he just knew he'd regret.
knew he wasn't patient enough to wait out that healing process and so it wouldn't happen unless there was an actual emergency situation and he couldn't be freed in time.
"I won't wear the tie, please," She declared. "I would look too much like Uncle Mycroft and I don't want Papa to argue with me."
Wait that's going to make me come way too quickly!" John had no idea what sort of lust-driven craze had overwhelmed any common sense he may have had. It often was that way with Sherlock. Many times, their logic existed outside of the norm, and this was no exception. John had an astounding desire to not only see Sherlock come, but be the instrument used in achieving his orgasm. He took his hands away from Sherlock's most active erogenous zones, much to the protest of the man currently not concerned enough to stop bouncing on his cock, and extracted the handcuffs he'd pilfered off the officer that had incarcerated them. He was just wondering if he could do it, as they hadn't cuffed them in the first place. He was not only extremely successful, but stopped trying to figure out why he did it. Taking Sherlock's right nipple into his mouth for a hard, slow, suck that ended with licking a trail just to the crease of where his arm met his torso, and Sherlock's arms held fast behind his back.
"I... Alright," he said sounding almost defeated, which broke Sherlock's heart a little. It was, however, to be expected. "Alright," he said again, steeling himself.
John went immediately into field doctor mode. It was like falling off a bike. Within thirty seconds, he had an ambulance and her husband, who had opted out of making the acquaintances of her old public school mates in light of their recent parting of ways, on the way. His jacket was off and Margie was resting on a sofa in the corner that they'd covered with a plasticine table cover, used underneath the linen ones to help keep spills at bay. He also had almost complete privacy with some sheet-like dividers on wheels the hotel kept handy. The crime-solving duo were so in the habit of keeping rubber gloves and hand sanitizer on them at all times, that it was nothing for him to extract a pair and a small bottle, and pop them on after rolling up his shirtsleeves and coating his hands in the purifying liquid.
a bit convenient when he didn't feel it warranted discussion. It was how Sherlock was and he loved him for all of his parts. Even the annoying ones. Sometimes, especially the annoying ones.
John backed up completely to the delicious sound of an involuntary grunt of frustration in order to pour lube into his right palm from the small bottle he'd pilfered with the cuffs. Sherlock often tried to get him to engage in sexual activity in semi-public, high off of one victory or another, or unable to clear his mind sufficiently and so pulling him into an alley or dilapidated building or something because he was unable to wait until they got home. He said 'tried' because John would only let it go but so far. A quick orgasm was one thing but John would never fuck or be fucked by Sherlock outside of their home, wherever it was at the time. Only in the guest bedrooms or en-suite of a place they were actually visiting and not a crime scene, did he let it get that far. However, John decided just now, that it was one of his best bargaining chips as well as a worse punishment than the silent treatment, shouting, forcing him to solve boring cases, and booby traps combined (he'd had to set one on gifts he was trying to keep secret several times but was pretty sure they'd been breached anyway. However, Sherlock sufficiently annoyed at it was its own reward).
Hamish was making the a-moment-away-from-alarming-Uncle-Mycroft-in-Diogenes-Club-with-a-wail face when John pulled out the bacon from the fridge. He flashed his toothy grin at his daddy before babbling away.
John jolts and moves closer to the headboard. He was surrounded by Sherlocks. His Sherlock was closest to him. "John, we need to go."
"You want to keep John Watson, yet you're doing everything to lose him. Quite contrary, I might say." Sherry appeared behind John. "How about you, Holmes, what do you think?"
Mr. Sherlock Holmes and his brother, Sir Sherrinford Holmes, made their way for another of Jack the Ripper's fifth killing. He was walking away from the main scene to check on the street when he was sucked into a tornado-like hole.
"What are we going to do now, buddy? Admiral Holmes-Watson won't allow me to feed you bacon strips."
Billy was waiting outside when they all started going out of the cramped area. "Where are we going?"
"I'd be Billy. You, Mr. Victorian Era with a slicked-back hair, you're Sherl. The other man would be Holmes. The techy girl would be, uhm, Sherry. The one with a soft smile, you'd be, ah! You're Lock! Then you, Ms. Superheroine, you'd be, uhm, don't you have a hero name?"
"I didn't? There's an abrupt bridging of dimensions. The foundation was too weak to support multiple travels."
He didn't expect they'd be going to Magnussen's office. Sherlock proposed to Janine, but Janine seems like out of it. Very complaint to Sherlock. (I wonder who's like that too. -V) He was checking on Janine and the security that was attacked. He can't hear anything from where Sherlock went. He called out for him. No response. He went up there and saw Sherlock laying on the floor.
I'm using a transcript and credits to Ariane DeVere: https://arianedevere.livejournal.com/67635.html
John called Mycroft to ask about Sherlock but even the British Government himself had no idea where his brother is. He tried to call Lestrade but even the DI didn't know where Sherlock is. John was way too stressed to go back to Mary who must start nagging him if he came home this late.
If Sherlock disappeared on the 13th of March, what about John? What about the one that was left behind?
John cried. God, he lost Sherlock. John can feel it. The feeling of losing someone and you did nothing. He blames himself. John clutched Sherlock's coat and slept with it draped over him.
Took place after Sherlock's high as a kite moment. Isaac mentioned to John that Sherlock was here too but he was dragged away by 6 people, 1 kid and 5 adults.
Jeanne scanned Sherlock. The Heroine Sherlock grabbed or stole some name tags and marker from a shop they passed when they were dragging Sherlock. She was kind enough to leave a bracelet she stole from another alley they passed. She included a bandage, alcohol, paracetamol, and water in her stolen goods. They settled in the dilapidated building Sherlock pointed them to.
Lock talked to Bill Wiggins and Sherl talked to Mycroft who started receiving the live stream of the building. Lock returned to pose as Sherlock at the dark end of the hallway. Billy came to Leinster Garden with John. John was inside the building too. At the end of the hallway, there's a small room of some sort. John was there, his earpiece connected to Mary's, listening to Sherlock. Mary had arrived at Leinster Garden and accepted the phone and earpiece from Bill.
John came down with their son, Hamish. He was singing the song that makes Sherlock smile every morning. "Sherry, Sherry baby!" When Sherlock didn't respond, he went to the office where Sherlock left a note. "Dum-ee broke one of her repulsors, I'm off to Belgrade for the repulsor gear. Breakfast in the warmer! Don't feed Hamish your bacon strips, John."
Panic starts to fill John. Sherlock had been kidnapped before. He was there, he saw how Sherlock struggled. He backed out and ran for the garden, only to confirm the fact that Sherlock's things like notebook and magnifiers were scattered on the grass. Mrs. Holmes who was done speaking on the phone came by the garden and saw John clutching Sherlock's notebook.
"All right. It's not a good shot actually." Sherlock slid the coin to her direction and she caught it with her foot. "You didn't miss on a purpose. You missed because of sentiment. And when talking about sentiment," she reached out to John and pulled him out, "I don't think you're good at it."
lack manners? How about showing up where you know for a fact you're not wanted and not getting to the point?"
They made the rounds saying their proper good-byes, the process predictably taking almost an hour as they were caught up in many conversations from which were extracted promises to be good to each other and a few invites to the wedding. John's hand kept going to just below Sherlock's throat where hung his dog tags, beneath the surface of his button up. Each time he attempted to play it off as straightening Sherlock's collar and exactly zero people were fooled, judging by the rather longingly envious looks they received as a result. People were wishing they had something of what they apparently did, predicting its existence long before he was aware of it. Sherlock never properly answered whether or not it was all his weird way of courting. John supposed it didn't really matter. They finally, properly had each other.
"Of course," John promised, already trying to come up with an excuse for later as to why they stopped the romantic aspect of their partnership before again shaking his mind free of thoughts of himself. "Right, Margie, I'm going to need you to be as still as you can for a bit."
annoying, John! It gets in the way of logic and clear thinking. Most people haven't any to spare in that department, yet they seek love against all reason. It's absurd!"
The closing ceremony was a long brunch cocktail event. There was yet another beautiful suit for the pair, who spent as much time snogging as getting dressed, nearly missing the opening remarks. The more interesting bit was when Margie Skyped in from hospital, succeeding in getting the crowed riled back up about them, John especially. Sherlock made him stand and everyone raised their glasses to him, before whispering to him how adorable his blush was after he sat back down. He also assured him that the new parents were genuinely reconciled, at least for the moment, then kissed the corner of John's happy smile at the news.
"Watson, Hamish J., Sixty-sixth Berkshire Regiment of Foot, Captain... Sherlock! How...?" He spun with wide eyes to one of the most intense looks he'd ever seen on Sherlock's face.
He disrobed quickly, not even bothering to hang up what he'd taken off and pulled on his own custom dark jeans, his body built somewhat narrower than John's, if not much leaner anymore. He had to have a collar to keep open at the throat, and so chose an expensive polo-style top of which he had several colours. He made sure to choose the forest green one to enhance the paleness of his skin and take full advantage of his heterochromia. It fit like a glove. He called further attention to the throat he caught many an interested person repeatedly glancing at by donning a round silver pendant impressed with a black stone hung from a leather thong. His shoes were just this side of combat boots, and he finished in the bathroom by capitalizing on yet another of his features many harped on. He took a bit of product, rubbing it on both hands, and artfully tousled his normally carefully tamed curls before washing his hands.
"Sherlock wanted you found as soon as he'd returned to find you'd run off. He'd left it up to me." He claimed John's ancient overstuffed armchair as he seemed to do everything.
. I apologise for insulting your work. I... The double breasted one wasn't terrible. For John, not me of course," he said clearly in English.
"My point is," Sherlock drawled, rolling his eyes, "I had to give you up to save your lives. All of you. And when I returned to everyone pretty much getting on with it, I just... didn't know."
John's chest wasn't solid muscle anymore, but his shoulders were broad and the whole thing screamed (at least to Sherlock) hidden strength. It gave him more amusement than anyone could realize picturing John taking out that cabbie whilst wearing a cuddly oatmeal jumper with a fresh hair cut. Which brought him to the scar. Sherlock's mind couldn't help the standard deductions (
"It was preposterous!" He continued pacing. "I... I had no idea where you were and it made me... doubt things. I was afraid."
that? Unless he was doing as he always did, consciously or no, which was to not acknowledge potentially embarrassing details, such as getting a hard on whilst grappling with your flatmate. He must have attributed it to the activity. Men got erections all the time in high-adrenaline situations.
Kissing Sherlock was an unexpected pleasure, the way his mouth was shaped, the way it felt, the different techniques they shared back and forth both through conversation and demonstration. Sherlock expected to experiment with it often and John was only too glad to help. He would always realise just how long it had been since he'd had a proper snog session, with no expectation of anything further at the moment and it fueled his fantasies in an almost aggressive fashion. He would only wank in his room, when Sherlock wasn't in, as it was still a bit strange that he now almost had to think of a bloke whilst doing so. To be fair, it
"Mycroft would have kept her safe." John's heart smiled at the faith Sherlock always had in his big brother, despite the constant bickering. Better was the same Mycroft had in him and, strangely, in John. Yes, the ex Army doctor had been a stalwart companion and caregiver from the first, but there was a certain ease of his rather freckled countenance when John was around. Probably because he was the only person in the world that could get the excitable man to calm down long enough to explain himself sometimes. "I had no idea what impact my absence would have until I returned and you were... gone. I couldn't even look for you myself because.... Damn it!" His hands went back into his hair and John eased them down again, passing his thumbs over their backs. It seemed to sooth him into being able to continue. "It was horrible and aching and I couldn't... function. It was missing, do you understand?"
"Statistically speaking, arranged marriages tend to be the strongest and last the longest," he countered. "Also, many are arranged on the basis of the perceived ideal genetic content of the offspring. For instance, a child of our making would probably have your nose and hair of a similar colour to mine, probably lighter. Perhaps maybe even ginger, with that recessive gene in both of our family lines. Science."
"What do you think they're going to ask you that you don't talk about in your silly blog?" Sherlock again looked through the eye pieces. "They don't have to know every little thing about, say, government clearance, or the foot in the crisper."
"Yes. regardless of the amount you'd consumed. And I didn't object to your sleep-grinding against my own to both of our completions as I was mostly asleep as well. But we never actually engaged in all the activities you must have dreamed." John sighed once more. He hadn't harmed Sherlock with over-zealous drunken passion and had still somehow managed to get off in a manner in keeping with their rather juvenile approach to maintaining an air of sexual closeness. Snogging and dry-humping were the go-tos of his own youth at least. He'd no idea about Sherlock's but perhaps that was a conversation for another time. Now was a time for a bit of inner celebration. He hadn't harmed Sherlock on accident.
"I could... take care of that for you," Sherlock said very clearly this time. It was the meaning as opposed to the words that eluded John this time.
Sherlock swore he felt the lightning strike when he pushed up into him, standing all the hairs of his body on end, and causing a near-violent full-body shudder. His blood was boiling causing him to perspire and utter things he'd only ever thought about; such as how much he loved him, how much he thought of him even before he went away, how instrumental John was in his survival, how he was so sorry that he was so hurt during that time. John returned every last sentiment and they wept together in the throes of raw passion. Even three months after his recovery, he wasn't fully healed, but the chemicals coursing through his body dulled every scar and aching muscle as the most important thing in the world at the moment was being surrounded by his doctor.
"God, this place, what a mess." He thought of calling Mrs. Hudson for help when something caught his eye.
John woke up in a way he didn't expect. Skip to their visit to Janine in CAM Global News, it seems like one bullet was enough to take down seven Sherlocks.
Kit, high as a kite Sherlock but now undergoing through what Sherry would call as flush out, jumped awake and fell out of the lap of the Sherlock he's sleeping on. "Oh, John. There you are. They took me from the drug den."
He went to 221B and the flat revealed at least 7 people, a kid and 6 adults. Sherlock was sleeping on the sofa with his head laying on the lap of another Sherlock. A little boy was sitting on the lap of another Sherlock with a slicked-back hair. Another Sherlock, with a scruffy beard and messy short hair, was sitting on the arm of his chair where a woman, braided hair in a bun and in a white gown, was conveniently typing away on Sherlock's laptop. And the other one with a hovering drone of some sort, her wavy hair in a messy ponytail, looking out at the window.
Mary looked up and Jeanne and the camera blinked at her. "Mycroft can hear you. Magnussen will hear you. Even your former teammates and employer will hear you."
"Her judgement was clouded by jealousy and hunger for self-preservation." Sherl appeared behind Sherlock and Holmes.
"Ah! I knew her. She's the one from France. She's a companion to a friend of mine during a banquet in France. She's different now."
I'm using her His Last Vow transcript because if I watch the episode and plan the chapter, I'll forget I'm writing a chapter so I'll keep watching.
"Jeanne will help you stabilize a little, but I'm afraid she won't last long." Sherry compressed Jeanne unto a backpack form. "Stay with Billy, pass the plan to V. She'll direct us. Billy, you stay with Kit, okay?"
Sherlock and Billy saw John and Greg approaching but they pay them no mind as they continue walking. A black car was waiting for them outside and when the windows rolled down, Joan was driving it.
John woke up to someone singing. A lullaby of some sort, he thinks. The soft voice singing to him, pulling him into more sleep.
Shortly afterwards John opens the door to Sherlock’s room and they go inside. The bed is empty. John looks around the room, and his face fills with shock when he realizes that the window blind has been pulled up and the window is open.
"No door knobs, no letterbox, painted windows. Twenty-three and twenty-four Leinster Gardens, the empty houses. They were demolished years ago to make way for the London Underground, a vent for the old steam trains."
"Yup, ew. But daddy's a General, not any way higher than mum. We settle for the mashed potato and peas."
"Your Sherlock can't die. The six of us can die here but will come back alive on our rightful dimension, but not your Sherlock."
Joan found herself in the doorsteps of The Sanctum Sanctorum in London searching for Sherlock. For someone who just found their spouse falling into the unknown, she's calm enough not to alert others about Sherlock. Well, of course, she knows where Sherlock is, she just doesn't know how to go get her. However, they know someone who can help.
V gave them the final rundown of the plan before they all went off to Leinster Garden. Billy stayed upstairs where he can monitor the events in 221B Baker Street. Joan was reunited with V on Leinster Garden. She was observing the whole spectacle on the tiny camera. Joan's actually having fun moving the thing around the tiny space.
London Heroines Sherlock Holmes and Joan Watson officially announced their engagement hours before they went to their wedding. Sherlock has telekinesis and telepathy while Joan has the ability to control electronics with her mind. Sherlock went out of her wedding car when the stairs turned into a black hole and sucked her in.
"Well, whatever you come up with, no drugging or behavioural conditioning to make him more susceptible to accepting you."
"It's not really anything, I promise. I just... would prefer it if you weren't so annoyed by being in love with me." He glanced quickly over at his fiance(?!)who stood in one of his usual poses, his hands clasped behind his back. Sometimes he'd lean forward just a bit in order to properly loom, but that was usually reserved for flirting and intimidation for cases.
in. It was pathetic and annoying and absolutely necessary. He dozed a few more minutes, unreasonably upset with his full bladder. When it became unavoidable, he sighed again and, extremely gingerly, removed himself from their warm embrace in order to use the facilities, change into clean pants and pyjama bottoms, and wipe himself down. To his chagrin(and unfortunate expectations), he returned to an empty bed, catching him halfway up the stairs to his room. He stopped when Sherlock quietly said his name but didn't turn at first.
"What?" John queried, edged with confusion. Lestrade didn't answer at first, only steered him through the sliding door between the sitting room and the kitchen. He heard John's breath catch at the sight of him and didn't care for that either, as it was most likely in a negative way, not at all the same as when he first touched his lips to his endearing face. Now Sherlock had to fight not to groan as well as stay still.
"No!" He couldn't figure out something more eloquent to say. Dread was beginning to take over. Not only was this going the wrong way, John was about to try and- No! Unacceptable! He cleared his throat as he kept his eyes on John's perfect profile. John opened and closed his left hand as he did whenever he was very nervous.
"I'm hiding from the wedding-hungry beasts. I'm almost positive they've bought out the local shops of anything wedding related." John smiled a bit at that.
"Did she just walk in or something?" Sherlock immediately went back to his phone, nonchalantly returning a text.
"Really? I usually see those now." Sherlock re-positioned John so that they'd switched places before they casually began unzipping and unclasping their trousers.
"You seem a bit off, John." Sherlock stated, reading much further into the way John turned the medical journal pages. "Something the matter?"
"It's okay, Sherlock," John quirked a tiny smile and he almost dove back on him again. Instead he sat in the chair John had previously occupied and pulled him onto his lap. He needed a moment to rein in that flash of fantasy he'd had earlier about this very position, which seemed a little easier when John held his head to his chest and he could hear his racing heart mirroring his. John wanted him, too, but he
p.s. I left a little gift for you so that It won't be unfair you know...  so that you will be pleased when you see me... Now find me, Sherlock,... before the people you love, Start to go  BOOOOMM!!!!! ".....
In the cab, Sherlock was awfully quiet, at first, I said nothing, cause I knew he was thinking, organizing all the pieces of information that we got about these 3 murders, he was going through every little clue to reach to a possible solution, suddenly he said, " you know John, I have a feeling that there is going to be more after these, and there was more before these, We are yet to discover them." I said, "Well you are enjoying this, I know you are." he said, "honestly yes, after a long time I found someone really intelligent the murderer is working really fast, there is not that much time difference between the 3 murders, yet he is leaving no such clue, by which we can trace him, he is using different ways for every man, different places, and he is murdering different kinds of peoples. He has done 3 murders within 18 hours or less, and we couldn't stop any one of them, and we have no idea who is gonna be the next, where is it gonna be, and how it's gonna be done, this time? We have to admit he is clever, and he has planned everything, in detail.."
“You wanted to know who was the first one that I killed? By whom I started cleaning the city? It was my father, I killed him when I was 7. He always used to torture my mother, my mother killed herself because of him, he gave teenagers drugs so that they would get addicted, and this way he used to do illegal drug business, he used to rape little girls and sell them to the biggest cunts, who paid him the most, and one day he decided to use me for his businesses, but that night was his last night, I strangled him with a wire in his sleep until he was out of breath until his heart stopped until he was gone from my life forever.
Suddenly Moriarty's and Eurus's face popped up on the screen."Welcome to the big bad world." He exclaimed in his scary voice, "If you want to save your friends, you have to play with us brother mine," Euros added, "So do as we want, cause the clock is ticking little brother..."..."Tik Tik Tik Tik Tok Tok Tik Tok Tok Tik Tik..." Suddenly a door slides open, and they get to go to the next room, it was also decorated the same way, with blood-red spots on the wall and with a big giant screen on a wall, but in the middle of the room there was a table, and 2 chairs in 2 sides of the table. Lestrade was tied up with one chair, and Mycroft was tied up with another. John screams you all are alive, this means Rossy is also alive...!!?? But they were not able to say anything, as their faces were taped, but they noded. Little sign of relief, a little ray of hope, But that's all Sherlock was needed then, just a little sign of light in the darkness. He said, "Don't worry we will get you all out of here, everything will be fine." Suddenly Moriarty and Euros's faces popped up on the screen and he said, "That's it, Enough of the chit-chat, Not that we don't enjoy your little Sentimental talks, But after a little bit, it gets, Boring you know, plus you have got works to do, So over to you Holmes..." Moriarty looked over to Eurus. She said, "We have a case for you if you solve this, your friend gets to walk out of this room if you fail, they die. So be careful bro... " A man's face appeared on the screen, lying dead on a table, he was shot, a bullet has entered from the right side of his head and was still inside, cause there is no exit wound, and he was holding the gun in his right hand. "The question is who killed this man? the man himself? or the other 2 persons in his house, his son, [A young man's picture arrives on the screen around age 30, wearing police uniform] or his daughter-in-law, [A woman's picture arrives on the screen of around age 25.]. you have 3 minutes. your time starts now... Tik Tik Tik Tik Tok Tok Tik Tok Tok Tik Tik..."
Rosey falls asleep on John's shoulder... John puts her in bed and he was patting her head... He was running his fingers in her hair... And was looking at Rosey’s peaceful little face with lots of love in his eyes... Sherlock from behind whispers in a soft voice... “But John in every CCTV camera it's you who planted the bomb... everyone will think you are the culprit John.,” John says,... “It's ok... Everything will be All Right... We will make everything right... I know... “  Sherlock smiles he leaves John and Rosey in the living room for a while... He comes out in the sitting room... Picks up his violin and starts playing one of his own compositions ... He named it  “Together till the End...”
Sherlock replies from the living room, "I am in the middle of an important experiment. Don't disturb me now." John rushed into the living room; he puts his laptop in front of him and said, "It's him, Sherlock. It's him, he is coming to destroy us, Sherlock." Sherlock looked at the Laptop screen, and for the first time he was stunned, he was completely speechless. John broke the silence, he said, "Where is Mrs. Hudson?" "I have sent her in an important place for a secret job," Sherlock replied. John said, "Call Mycroft then maybe he can help." John dialed his number immediately, but his phone was switched off. He tried calling Lestrade, but his phone was also switched off, Sherlock said, "Molly, We need her help, as both Mycroft's and Lestrade's phone is off, we need all the help we can get, call her." John dialed Molly's number immediately, but Oh god Everything seemed hopeless, her phone was switched off too. Sherlock said, "All of their phones can't be switched off at the same time, it's him. Something has happened to them, Moriarty is taking all our closest persons away from us." Suddenly they both stopped talking, after a few seconds, they both screamed together, "ROSSY" They rushed in her room, and their scariest nightmare has become true, Rossy was missing, Her crib was empty, her whole room was empty. John started crying; he said in his trembling voice, "I myself had put her on her crib last night after she had drifted off to sleep on your lap, and now she is not here, what happened to her Sherlock, Where is she, Sherlock."
Sherlock’s phone buzzes again, another text, says, “Well The Woman has played her part, she kept you distracted for long enough, so I could set the stage for my next act. The real play, The real problem, our final problem. I am coming to burn your heart, Sherlock. It’s gonna start very soon till then, Miss me.    – JM...”
In the next room, there was Moriarty and Eurus. They were waiting for John and Sherlock to cross all the levels and come to the final stage, they were waiting here to play with them. Eurus said, “yeah brother, you are finally playing with me. You, John, Jim every one is playing me... I am so happy I have always wanted this, thank you so much, Jim, you are the best.” Moriarty said, “The pleasure is mine darling... But the real game starts now and we are going to play in that.”
Sherlock sits down on the floor.. Closes his eyes... Puts his hands together on his Chin and starts placing every word Moriarty said in his mind palace... and He got stuck in the last words... Moriarty said...
They hugged each other and kissed. And then Sherlock said thank you…But I gotta go now have some work and also gotta arrange our marriage ceremony ASAP cause I want us to be husbands ASAP.----------------
" You think you have got out by making a fool of me... you think you are playing the game on your way... But you forgot that I am the King... and you are just the players of my game... and I am the one that sets the rules of this game... And it's time that you see me... Because now I wanna play with you, face to face, Sherlock...
They took the body to Barths. Molly said it was a poison named “Clostridium botulinum” it affects the arteries, and block them so oxygenated blood stops flowing to the heart, and eventually, the heart stops, which makes it look like a heart attack but it's actually because of the poison.
Sherlock screams while crying, he says, “Please John please stop this, you really are burning my heart, please stop saying these I can't shoot you. You are everything I have, you are all I have ever wanted, I love you, John, I could never let anything happen to you, I love you...”
Far away in the middle of the sea, John wakes up in a Ship, he opens his eyes, he saw Sherlock sitting right next to him, holding Rossy in his arms, he gets up, everyone, was there everyone, Lestrade, Mycroft, Molly, and Rossy and Sherlock and himself. Everyone was safe, far far away from the big bad world.
Sherlock walks towards the slightly opened door with confusing steps. He could see 2 people talking to each other. He could see the back of one of them which looks like the backside of Moriarty and the right side view of the other one, and this one looks exactly like himself, talks exactly in his voice, which felt totally impossible but he was seeing this with his own eyes. And he knew if we eliminate the impossible whatever remains however improbable is the truth... But HOW??!!
Sherlock looking at John says, “The Moriarty that shot himself on that rooftop was the machine version of him like the one that he made of me which was torturing you and the other one he made of you which we don't know where is or what exactly is it doing... "
But that was for a few seconds. Sherlock told himself..... " This is not the time to be thoughtless.. this is not the time to be Emotional. This is the time where I have to organize my thoughts and think of a way out... Think you Dumbass THINK...". He starts to observe. Though he couldn't see anything still he could feel that he was in a small room. The temperature was around 28°F. He could feel small sand particles and salty water particles in the air around him. He could hear the sound of waves. He could smell sea-foods, He realized he was in a small cabin, inside a small house, in a small island in the middle of the ocean, and somehow it felt familiar like he has been there before... He starts to think of a way out in his brain, But in his heart, he could feel that He was far away from His very own London ... far away from 221B Baker Street... Home... He was far away from John, Rosie, Mrs. Hudson....far away from his family,.. for a few seconds he couldn't control his emotions ... He felt a lump in his throat.. his eyes were welling up with tears.. but he was fighting back his tears..
Even in the cab, Sherlock was saying, “I can still feel her presence, I can still feel she is near us, and it’s not because you think I am in love with her or something, I am not, My Logical mind doesn’t entertain sentiments, I don’t fall in love, I just admire her john, nothing more than that, I just still can smell her perfume that’s all. I said, “Shut up Sherlock, you can’t fool me, I know what your mind feels, I know what it doesn’t, Now one more word about her I sware I’ll punch you in the face.”
He is in immense pain, bleeding from everywhere, can't even open his eyes, but by gathering all the inner powers left in him John cried out  “why Sherlock why” .... “why are you doing this to me...”  “Why are you doing this to us...”.. Instead of answering Sherlock hits John with the riding crop in his hand on the face, so hard that his face started to bleed through a cut from his cheekbones till his lips.  John cried out again “Why are you hurting me Sherlock....” suddenly Sherlock shout out  “Because that's what I do” ... “because I want to BURN the heart out of you ...... And I will burn you ... Completely”  his face contorts into a devious grin... His evil grin enriched his ears... But his eyes were not smiling... those looked so intensely horrifying and evil and burning.... that terrified John to the core of his heart. He couldn't even look at Sherlock's eyes. He was so scared and confused, couldn't think of any reason that could have possibly turned his best friend to this monster,.. he couldn't think of any reason that could possibly turn the Best man into the worst, that he was seeing, and was still working on believing. He was still trying to find his best friend inside the evil standing in front of him, laughing wickedly, but no ... He failed... There was no sign of the man that he had always admired... No sign of the man that was always with him... No sign of the man that he met 10 years ago. That changed his life... There was no sign of his best friend... No sign of his Sherlock... This was a new man, such a monster that he never thought would exist. He felt like he lost everything. Like there was not even a single ray of hope....
He starts walking towards the room following the thin ray of the reddish light. As soon as he came near the room he heard 2 voices. And he couldn't believe his ears. One of the voice was his own. But how is that even possible ?!!!! The other voice was also extremely familiar It was the voice of his Arch Enemy  the criminal mastermind Moriarty. But how was that even possible ?!! Jim Moriarty shot himself in front of him on that rooftop. How can he be ALIVE ?!!! and How can there be 2 Sherlocks ?!!!
Lestrade called this morning. He said, “Come at Chagford Street now; I am texting you the address.” He found a body of a 42-year-old Industrialist in his own apartment in his own bedroom lying on his own bed, looks like a heart attack but, there is one small thing which is differing it from a regular death, There is a note on the wall of the bedroom which says “One more step to cleaning the city”
:-	HO HO HO… Merry Christmas. Where is the best girl in the world, where is my princess Rosie… There she is… my little lovely fairy…
John: Well, as usual, you are late ... but then I know, that you are an idiot... so it's ok.... he smiled...
Sherlock rushed inside the man’s house, shouting, “Where is she, Where is the woman?” the man was shocked, He said, “Excuse me, what are you talking about Mr. Holmes, there is no woman here.” Sherlock said, “I know she is near me, I can smell her. Where is she??... Well, you don’t touch anything near you just come with us to the police station, anything in your house can be deadly for you. Lestrade, take him to the police station, John, go with them, I’ll come soon after I find her.” I said, “No, Lestrade will go, I am staying with you. If you intend to find her, we will find her, but I am not leaving you alone, never. You hear me, I will be with you always. It’s always the two of us.” The man wore his Shoes and went with Lestrade, he made a small noise like a little bit of shouting in a small wound, while wearing his shoes, but Sherlock and I were busy, searching the house for her presence, and Lestrade took the man with him.
And now time for your Christmas gift. He opened up a drawer and it was filled it stuffed handcuffs, Luscious nightdresses, sexy blindfolds, fragrant oils, and other pieces of equipment. John says, "it’s your day Sherlock… I am all yours...  use whatever you want, however, you want, take me Sherlock take me the way you want…" Sherlock says, “are you sure??” John nodded … And that was the signal…
Sherlock said, “we don't have time for this chit-chat... Just tell us what did you do... And what do you want us to do.”
Sherlock secretly and quickly turned off the switch and reach out towards a big blunt instrument and then Hit the other Sherlock with all his forces. He kept on hitting the machine form of himself until it was totally broken down into pieces of small parts of machines. He hides all the broken parts underneath the big machines inside the room and got out of the room. Then he starts searching inside every room for the Newly-made machine version of John, he had to stop it from doing whatever evil it was programmed to do. But instead of finding that, he found a room guarded by 4 well-armed guards.
Sherlock stopped himself from being overwhelmed by his emotions, fighting with all the inner powers of him.. Sherlock gets up and starts feeling the walls around him, to find a way out. He felt a gate made of steel locked from outside. There was no window, just a few small holes on the ceiling, so this gate was the only way out, but it was locked from outside. He has to open the lock somehow. To open the gate he has to move the steel lock of the gate and to move it he needed a magnet. Suddenly he found a rod made of Iron there .. probably the one that was used to bit him up, he found a pair of rubber gloves and a couple of syringes .. those probably were used to drug him.. and he found a switchboard. Sherlock wears those gloves and opens the board and takes out an electric wire, wrapped it around the iron-rod, and connects it with a switch and turned it on. The electricity flowing through the wire wrapped around the iron-rod turned it into a magnet, Sherlock places it on the door and starts to move it, to open the lock. The lock starts to move. A small ray of hope... Sherlock was successful to open the lock. He came out of the room. But then,... he didn't know where to go. He starts looking around. Suddenly he saw a thin ray of a reddish light coming out of one of the rooms in the left.
I thought I would finish this writing within 3 chapters but your Love and Love for sherlock kept me going on... I hope you will enjoy this also...
We searched the entire house, but found nothing, though Sherlock kept saying that he still could smell her, I said, “We have to go home Sherlock, It’s late, Rosey is with Mrs. H. It’s not safe as the night is getting darker, we didn’t find her, we are not gonna find her, Let’s go.” I took his hand, came outside, stopped a cab, and got inside it with him.
John says, “Ok shoot me, come on it's easy for you, you have planned my murder in your mind palace Like a million times, it is easy for you, just Shoot me, and save them.”
They came here before, they dealt with Eurus and Moriarty before, but this was totally different, they were scared, they were alone, all the people, that they love were in danger, The entire country was in danger, and they were completely alone, they even couldn't trust themselves, they have lost all faith even in themselves.
On the main road, they stopped a car and gave all the money they took from the vault to the owner of the car... They took the car from him, turned on the GPS system of the car... Put the location on the map and started driving... They reached London ... Rush back to the poolside... And the Devil was already there waiting for them ...
Sherlock looked at John for a second, John said, "I am sorry I don't know Sherlock, you have to do this. I don't know." Sherlock was silent for a few seconds, for a few seconds the room was in pin-drop silence, after a few seconds he said, " I am sorry Greg, but I need Mycroft, I choose to save Mycroft. " suddenly a door from underneath Lestrade's chair slides open, and he with his chair dropped inside another room, and the door closed, and Mycroft was still there, Moriarty said, "Come on you made your choice, and we kept our promise, now go ahead, free your brother, he is free to go. " john was stunned by the events, he was not moving Sherlock goes up to Mycroft frees him, a door slides open behind his chair, and Mycroft goes out from there, Another door from John's behind slides open, and Moriarty said, "Come on, we are not done yet. " They enter the next room.
We reached the crime scene, and we saw the manager’s dead body on the floor of his cabin, and there is some water on the floor. Sherlock asked no one to come inside, he went alone avoiding the water in the room very carefully, wore Rubber gloves and opened the switched board of the cabin and found that some of the wires have been scratched with blade and they were put in the water, so if a man comes inside and his feet touch the water, he will die instantly by the shock as the water has been highly electrified. Sherlock detached the wires carefully and came out and said, "So it's a work of someone who did the wiring of this cabin recently. So, find the Electrician Inspector, and as it seems like the 3 murders have been done by the same person, you find one electrician you find the murderer of all the victims. It’s the same man who made the pudding in the industrialist’s house, it’s the same man who made the omelet at the restaurant and it’s the same man who did the wiring of this cabin. Check all the CCTV footage of the 3 places and send the full life history of these 3 men to 221 B Baker Street. All of the Industrial dealing records of the 1st victim, all of the political work records which had involvement of our 2nd victim, and all records of the bank, and also as much as personal details as you can give us about these 3. According to my calculation, the next murder is going to happen within 5 hours, The clock is ticking John, come, we have a lot of work to do.
Moriarty said, “oh.. I didn't do anything... I don't like to make my hands dirty you know... It was you John.. Or at least people would think it was you... Cause you know Sherlock... Most people are Idiot... They believe what they see... They don't see what's underneath the layers... That’s what people do… They don't THINK..”
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Sherlock said, “Please please please sister we can play these games later, please let Rossy go, She is just a child, please don't do this to her, I am begging you sister, please, please Moriarty, just let john and Rossy go, I'll do whatever you want, please let them go.” He was kneeling down in front of the screen with Moriarty and Eurus's face on it, he was crying, he was begging to them for their lives. Moriarty said, “Its truly in your hand Sherlock, solve the case and free whomever you want, you have 2 minutes for this now, the time is less, the stakes are higher, feels like the next level come on work and it out, the clock is ticking remember... Tik Tik Tik Tik Tok Tok Tik Tok Tok Tik Tik...Tik......”  John said, “Ok Sherlock we have to be soldier, we have to save our daughter, come on get up, solve the case, and take her back from them.” Sherlock said, “I can't think about the case John what I can only think about is Rossy and you, I can't solve the case now.” “I'll help you,” says John... “The door of the bathroom was locked from outside, and the woman had her clothes on, so, she didn't go in the bathroom to take a bath, though she was in the bathtub, that's not why she was there. What does that tell you... Come on Sherlock work it out now...
----------And before they could say a word Sherlock leaves. A text alert came in the 4 of their phone at the same time, it’s John, he said to all of them to come to barths he has something important to say. Lestrade says, “There is more!!??…”-----------
In the meantime Molly called, she said the man died because his Esophagus and Small Intestine have been sliced up into pieces with fine particles of glass. Sherlock said the chef who made the omelet for breakfast for this man cracked a glass, squished it, made very fine unnoticeable pieces and mixed those with the egg yolk, and made the omelet with that so the man would eat it and the glass particle would go inside him and start cutting his food pipes and intestines internally, and the man would die eventually. Find the chef Lestrade, and by the way, your phone is vibrating, answer that now it's annoying."
Lestrade received his call, we heard Lestrade saying exactly 7 words. He said,   "What?!!  Where??!! How??!! we are coming now." As soon as he was off the phone, Sherlock said, "So another murder, Who is it now and how is it done this time? " Lestrade said, “Siddons Lane, a bank, the manager died in his own office in his own cabin because of electric shock. and there is the same note written on the wall." Lestrade and his policemen went into a police cab, and we went into a separate cab.
Sherlock says: Trust me, John, it was not me John.. I would never have done this to you... I would never ever have hurt you this way, John... It was......
:-   It’s Christmas today. This morning I woke up, in my bed. I just opened my eyes and I saw the entire room was decorated, with cute little Christmas trees, with Christmas Balls, Glittery Ribbons, Bells, Little Santa Dolls, etc. It was looking so beautiful I can’t even imagine, Lots of candy and Chocolates, and cakes, and others were ready on the table. Rosie’s whole crib was decorated in glittery ribbons. And she was in her crib laughing while playing with a little Santa doll. Everything was so beautiful, so joyful just one thing missing, there was no sign of Sherlock. But where did he go? Last night we had an amazing time, he always has been passionate while being with me, but also so tender, he always cares about my feelings, he always respects me and my wishes, and that’s the biggest turn on about him. I still can feel his touches in my body, still can hear him moaning, still can feel his breadths, and still can smell him; all those moments were playing right in front of my eyes. But why can’t I see him, where did he go?
As Sherlock said Mycroft Doesn't work with the Govt. He is the Government... So he helped us clean the mess...  He helped with clearing my name... By changing the CCTV footage... And Lestrade said that the police are not gonna remember what happened... They will say no bombing happened at all... All were a false alarm...
“Well, he left us a British army browning L9A1 ... All he talks about is our face to face coming and playing... I think he is talking about the first face to face encounter we had ... On that poolside... 3 of us... For the first time... Moriarty loves to make it overdramatic... He loves to leave a little touch of drama everywhere... And with all these things coming together I think all roads lead to London... London Swimming Pool...” says Sherlock... In his super-speed... He said, "take my hand.." They hold hands and start running... They ran until they reach the main road...
Suddenly a gas started feeling out in the room, they couldn't see anything, they started chocking, for 3 minutes they couldn't see anything. After that, everything was cleared out, but as the Gas has cleared out, a few changes were done in the room, Rossy and Lestrade were not there anymore, it was just Sherlock, John, Moriarty and Eurus just 4 of them and a Bomb, in the middle of the room, and without wasting any time, Sherlock shoots aiming the Bomb. A huge blast happens, everything was scattered, and not even any sign of their body was left. everything finished.
John woke up this morning because of a commotion outside of 221 B Baker Street. He looked over the window with his sleepy eyes, The entire street was filled with reporters and the cameraman's from different channels, he grabbed his toothbrush, put it in his mouth, and opened his laptop, to see the news out there, and it's all over the internet. The breaking news is spreading in lighting speed, there have been Bomb Blasts till now, 101 blasts around England, thousands of people died, more than four hundred are missing, and the giant screens of the country showing one footage, Moriarty, saying, "There will be more and more... Cause your Favourite detective can't stop me. " The toothbrush fell out of John's mouth, He was in shock, He Screamed SHERLOCK...
Sherlock lies over John open his handcuffs and they were lying over each other for quite some time,  Looking at each other’s eyes... Suddenly Sherlock says, I also have something else for you, John. He reaches out to his Santa dress’s pocket and takes out a diamond ring.
Strange in his still sleepy voice replied, “Nothing, we had lots of drinks together, and then after getting high, you suggested we should Roleplay, as Sherlock and John ... as we always do... and because we were high somehow we took the role-playing game in a sexual angle… and then I don’t know what happened to us, we start undressing each other, and then we sort of had sex while playing as John and Sherlock... It was beautiful and then after setting a beautiful dream sequence for us, using my sorcery… we fall asleep on each other, and had the beautiful dream of John and Sherlock’s Marriage… that’s all it was Ross...  ”
P.S. Sorry I had to leave early, And though you tried a lot, you couldn’t fail me in my mission this time, It was nice to see you again, give Dr. Watson my regards, we will have dinner next time I am in the city. Goodbye Mr. Holmes. ”
Sherlock opened a page headlined as “Garbage that needs to be cleaned”. He found a record of an ex-policeman who lives in baker street. According to Sherlock’s record, he let many criminals out of prison by taking money from them, and he has put many innocent poor people in prison instead of them, and has done a lot of illegal works by taking advantage of his position, and was untouched by the law cause of lack of evidence. Lestrade hurried to go there, we took a cab and reached the address.
We reach home, we got down from the cab, Sherlock put his hand inside through the front window to pay the cabby. Instead of taking his money, The cabby kissed his hand and said, “Goodbye Mr. Holmes.” And left.
Sherlock called Lestrade and said, "Well the victim is very rich and influential, so we can assume that he had a lot of enemies. But as he was killed in his own room, we have to look for those enemies who were allowed to his house, who had the chance to mix the poison in his pudding and make him eat it. so can you get the list of people who visited him yesterday? And find out his house-cook..." Lestrade said "Well we will look into that but come now at Glenworth Street, a politician died in a restaurant of a hotel that he was staying in while having his breakfast. How still not known, we are sending his body to Barths, maybe Molly can say how he died?  Come to the restaurant asap.” We took a cab and reach there, Sherlock examines all the left parts of the man’s breakfast, he found small glass particles in the omelet that the man was having. And on a napkin on the table, there was written the same note, “One more step to cleaning the city”.
