Tony suddenly found himself surrendering to laughter, once again. He enjoyed the way Steve’s fingers glided against his skin. One minute there was a fluttering under his arms, the next a claw hand scratched in the hollows of his armpits. The nightmare was left far behind him as he continued to savour Steve’s strategic touch.
“Why not?” Steve whispered again, looking concerned. Tony looked away, down to the left, for a moment before answering. While he spoke he kept glancing up at Steve for only a fraction of a second at a time.
“You okay?” Tony just sighed in response, and Steve knew that meant he wasn’t, but he would never admit it, and that it was the stress of the job getting to him again.
Their relationship had gone from strength to strength, and after 2 years, Tony had been the one to propose. He knew Steve loved the view from the top of Stark Tower, he loved to paint the skyline as the sun set, so Tony had made the roof as romantic as he could, flowers and candle everywhere, and when Steve had gone up to paint the perfect sunset against the skyline, he’d found Tony, down on one knee surrounded by the flowers and candles, telling him how much he meant to him and how much he needed him in his life. Of course, Steve had said yes straight away.
He continued making the sandwiches, knowing he was going to have to take them down to the workshop if he was going to get his family to eat something. Peter had definitely inherited Tony’s lack of self-preservation when working on a project. Both of them seemed to forget everything. They didn’t eat, they didn’t sleep, they didn’t shower, all they did was work. The only way Steve could ever get them to do anything was literally forcing them. Luckily, he was much stronger than them so using physical force wasn’t all that difficult.
“Thanks Jarvis.” Steve mumbled as he threw the covers off and sat up. He didn’t particularly want to go and fetch Tony, he wanted to go back to sleep, but he knew he was going to go anyway. If Tony was ever left to his own devices, he would completely forgot to eat and sleep and wash for days on end. He’d be too focused on whatever it was he was building to remember to look after himself.
“C’mon, you need to sleep” Steve whispered in Tony’s ear, whilst running his hands up and down Tony’s back. At his words, Tony’s whole body tensed and he leaned back enough so he could look up at Steve’s face, and shake her head quickly, a desperate expression on his face. Steve kept his arms wrapped around Tony, in case he wanted to push Steve away and go back to work.
“What if I do this?” Steve teased, as he spent down and licked the tip of Tony’s dick, making him buck, desperately trying to get Steve to suck his dick.
“What’s in these nightmares?”
“I just - I don’t wan - I keep getti - getting these dreams, nightmares really, and they - they’re too much…” Tony whispered his answer, ashamed that Steve would judge him for it. When he finished talking he blushed slightly, wanting to lean against Steve and feel his arms around him once again but at the same time to nervous that Steve would reject him for showing weakness.
“On the bed, on your back. Now” Tony jumped into position, automatically putting his hand towards the headboard and feet towards opposite corners of the bed, ready for Steve to tie him into place.
“Tony, fuck, you feel so good” Tony had lost all capacity for word by this point, and just moaned in response, silently begging Steve for more.
Steve pulled himself off Tony, with the smaller man letting out a little whimper at the loss of touch and the sudden cold on his dick. A little shaky on his feet after his recent orgasm, Steve reached back over to the bottle of lube and poured some more onto his hands. He moved his hands down to Tony’s cock, one hand rubbing up and down slowly while the other moved further south to his hole, and began rubbing two fingers in slow circles, the same way he had down to himself.
He’d always loved Bucky too, ever since they were children. But as they got older and grew into their teens that love became something more. It stopped being the sort of love you would feel for a brother and became the sort of love you would feel for a partner. Bucky knew Steve better than he knew himself, and so he had figured out how Steve had felt pretty quickly and Steve learned that Bucky felt the same. They’d been happy too, even if they had to hide the exact nature of their relationship from the world. Bucky had suggested they try to date women too, to at least keep up pretences. They wouldn’t stick with the same woman, they’d move around, never settling, to make it seem as though they either weren’t happy with that particular woman or just weren’t interested in settling down, so no-one would ever guess they were in a relationship.
Steve seemed to pick up on Tony's panic, it was written all over his face after all, and knew he'd have to be a bit more gentle during this conversation. He didn't want to scare Tony away, he really liked him but at the same time they needed to sort out whatever this was. Tony’s hand was still in his as they walked towards his room. Steve knew why Tony was nervous, it didn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out! Everyone in the tower had seen Tony with a different girl every night and everyone had heard all the jokes about Tony just ‘talking’ to the girls when he was trying to play down what he’d done the night before. This was probably the first time Tony had ever had a proper conversation with anyone about relationships! Once outside Tony’s bedroom door, Steve paused and turned around to face Tony, taking both his hands in his.
“Steve, buddy, it’s okay. Don’t worry about it. I get nightmares too sometimes; we all need a little looking after occasionally. I just can’t believe I gave you a bath, I saw you naked” Tony spoke with a slight hysterical/amused laugh. He didn’t mind what had happened yesterday, it was just a bit strange between the two of them now. Steve blushed bright red at Tony’s words, remembering how Tony had even helped him get undressed and dressed again. Tony quickly noticed Steve’s embarrassment.
“C’mon, let’s get you to bed” Steve whispered, making sure he had wasn’t going to drop Tony. He left the workshop, with some difficulty typing the code into the keypad whilst still carrying Tony.  He managed it after a few minutes, and headed towards his own room. It only took them a few minutes to get there. Whilst carrying Tony, he was peppering light kisses on his face and neck to reassure him before laying him down on his bed. He didn’t mind that Tony was going to get oil all over his bed sheets, he just wanted to make sure that Tony was okay.
“Stark. Stark, are you okay?” Steve called after Tony as he walked out of the room, away from where the rest of the team was celebrating yet another successful mission. If Tony heard him then he gave no indication of it, just kept walking out of the room. The others did notice but decided it was best to let Steve handle him alone, which he intended to do.
“Is this helping?” Steve whispered between kisses, his hand putting more and more pressure just above Tony’s crotch.
Tony gasped as Steve’s hand finally landed where he wanted it: over his semi-hard dick. Steve rubbed his hand up and down over Tony’s length through his clothes, never quite applying as much pressure as Tony would want; it was the perfect way to get his desperate and stop thinking with his brain and start thinking with his dick. Hips jerking upwards at every stroke, Tony soon lost concentration on the kiss so Steve moved his lips back down to Tony’s neck again.
The room was huge, but messy. There were bit of metal, screws, and half built gadgets lying on every surface; his desk, the shelves, the floor and even some on his bed. Steve looked around, his eyes taking in everything that he saw. He could have spent hours looking at everything, despite not knowing what any of it was supposed to do. Tony was stood near the bed, wringing his hands and watching Steve’s eyes travel across the room. Quickly realising he was ignoring Tony,  Steve turned his attention back to him. He took the few steps towards him and took his hand, guiding him to sit down on the edge of the bed as he did the same.
you awhile ago” Steve was looking down at both his hands and blushing while he spoke. Tony noticing that Steve blushed all the way down his neck and couldn’t help wondering if Steve was a full body blusher. He quickly pushed the thought from his mind, now was a time to be serious. Imagining Steve naked, as fun as it would be, wouldn’t help this conversation.
“C’mon Steve, we’ve got some stuff to figure out.” Taking Steve’s hand in his, he leads the taller man out of the kitchen and towards his own bedroom.
Steve smiled, he was tired too and covered in cuts and bruises. He needed to sleep. So that’s what he did. Jarvis was piloting the quinjet as they were both to tired to do so. Steve laid down, his head resting on Tony’s lap and closed his eyes. Tony’s hand absentmindedly stroked Steve’s hair as the bigger man fell asleep. Steve’s breath evened out and Tony knew he was sleeping. He smiled to himself and closed his eyes. A few hours sleep wouldn’t do him any harm either.
But Tony had been so patient with him. Tony had his flaws too, like what him and Peter were doing right now, never looking after himself and Steve looked after him and much as he looked after Steve. They’d quickly become dependent on one another, inseparable no matter what it was they were doing, whether it be fighting alongside one another or meeting up with friends.
Steve sighed, and pulled Tony against him again. Tony didn’t fight back, instead wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist, burying his face against Steve. They stayed silent for a while, neither man moving at all.
Neither man said anything for a minute; Tony was lost in his own head and Steve was desperately trying to think of a way to draw him out of it. He had an idea, it wasn’t much, but it might just do the trick.
“Are you shitting me, Rogers?!” Tony exclaimed, bucking his hips into the air. Steve just laughed before asking if Tony really wanted him to take it off. Reluctantly, Tony said no.
“Steve, Steve what are you doing? You best not be getting off without me!”
“Are you okay, Tony?” Tony looked up at Steve’s face when he heard his name. Steve had concern written all over his face as he looked down at Tony, their faces only a few inches apart. Tony’s face was a few shades paler than usual and his eyes were dotting about all over the place, as if looking for some invisible enemy. After a few seconds his eyes settled on Steve’s face. He didn’t say anything, just nodded. They stood there for a few moments, not speaking, holding each other’s hands, before opening the door and walking into Tony's room.
When Steve woke the next day, he was alone. He couldn’t help feel a little disappointed that Tony’s arms weren’t still wrapped around his shoulders as he slept, but he tried to ignore it. He looked at the clock – 7:54am – and got up, deciding to stay in the clothes that Tony had dressed him in the day before. Tony must have left awfully early to leave; that thought making Steve feel slightly worse.
“So, er… what now?” Tony whispered, glancing at Steve.
He directed Steve towards the bathroom without saying a word to him. After setting Steve down on the toilet seat while he waited, Tony ran a warm bath for Steve. He was pretty sure he was going to have to bath Steve himself as Steve was in no condition to do so and Tony was worried he might accidently drown himself if left alone in the water. He decided against having bubbles, Steve wasn’t a child and this was a pretty serious situation.
Peter and Tony were over in the other corner of the workshop, with Tony leaning forward with his elbows resting on the table, listening intently as Peter explained something to him, gesturing madly and bouncing around as he spoke. Steve didn’t have a clue what they were talking about, and doubted he would have understood if he listened in; he’d managed to get the hang of most modern technology but the sort of stuff that Tony and Peter worked on, 99% of the world wouldn’t even know where to begin with that.
Tony jumped slightly when Steve’s palm touched his back, dropping the screwdriver onto the table with a small clang. He stood still for a moment, his empty hand still thinking it was holding the screwdriver, a mildly confused expression on his face. Then, still not registering Steve, he picked up the screwdriver again and began working again, as though Steve wasn’t even there.
Steve and Tony glanced up at each other awkwardly, then both looked back down while laughing awkwardly. It took a minute before Steve finally broke the silence.
“Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck Steve please fuck” Both hands getting faster and faster, Steve knew that Tony desperately needed to cum, and decided he’d waited long enough. Taking his hand off of Tony’s cock for only a second, he pulled the cockring off and began pumping again. He added a third finger, normally as much as Tony could handle, and gave it all he had, moving his hands as fast as he could manage.
They’d had as private a wedding as their status would allow. Of course there had been paparazzi there, and the odd protestor, but the day had been amazing. Shortly after, they’d decided they wanted to adopt. They both knew that the other wanted a child, and they finally decided that that was what they were going to do.
“Oh my God” Was all Tony said when he felt the bed move beneath him as Steve got into position, reaching down to move Tony’s cock so the tip was just pressing against his hole before slowing sliding himself down, onto Tony.
Skipping out of the room, after Tony, Steve called out again. “Stark. Hey, Tony,” then more softly, “Tony, wait.”
“Just give me one sec” Steve said, but dashing off to the other side of the room and digging through the closet looking for something. Tony was about to protest before he realised that Steve wasn’t just going to leave him here; he was actually looking for something.
Steve and Tony finally talk about their feelings for each other
“Thank you” he whispered, barely audible. Tony didn’t reply; instead he smiled and pulled Steve closer towards him. Tony couldn’t help but think how annoyed Fury was going to be that they missed the meeting, but Steve was worth it. He didn’t regret a single thing that had happened so far today. They both drifted off into sleep, wrapped in each other’s arms.
“YES YES OKAY jesus” Tony shouted back, incredibly frustrated. Both men looked at each other and sighed. Tony gave Steve a quick kiss on the lips before he got off his lap and stood up, taking Steve’s hand and pulling him up with him.
Steve blushed again, but this time he was smiling as well. He inched forward a little more so that the gap between them was ow only about 6 inches wides. Tony smiled back up at him, eyes glued to Steve’s. The next thing Steve knew, Tony’s hand was coming up to cup the back of Steve’s neck and pulling his face down towards his. Even though he knew it was coming, Steve was still surprised when Tony’s lips landed on his. He was shocked for a moment, his eyes wide open, before he finally accepted what was happening and closed his eyes, leaning into the kiss.
Steve bent down and placed one last kiss on Tony’s lips before securing the blindfold so his partner couldn’t see what he was doing anymore.
Steve didn’t reply, too preoccupied with his fingers moving in and out of him; his cock had been rock-hard after watching Tony, and if it hadn’t been for the super-soldier serum he would have already cum. But now he had to take care of Tony too, so he removed his fingers and moved onto the bed, straddling Tony as he did so.
Steve sighed, taking his hand from Tony’s back. He took a minute to look around the workshop. The various work benches scattered around the edge, the expensive cars down at the other end, and, most importantly, his suits all lined up along one of the walls. Steve was amazed by all the suits, they really were  amazing.  All the different shapes, colours, all designed for a slightly different job, each one even better than the last. Looking from left to right along the wall you could really see how much Tony’s designs had improved, from that first suit built in a cave, mark 1, to Tony’s newest design, mark 42.
“Can you – erm – take your clothes off by your-yourself?” Tony glanced at Steve as he asked and Steve mumbled back saying “I think so” and began to take his t-shirt off. Tony looked back down at the bath as it continued to fill, watching the water rise, until he heard a crash. Looking up, he saw Steve had stumbled when he stood up to take his joggers off. Tony walked forward and took hold of him, keeping Steve upright as the latter slid his joggers down his legs and onto the floor. Steve was now stood in front of him wearing only a pair of tatty boxers. Tony felt his face flush as he looked away while Steve took his boxer off too.
Steve shoots up into a sitting position in bed. His body is shaking and covered in sweat. He can hardly think; his mind still living in the nightmare, the memory. With no idea what time it is, his brain doesn’t register the light shining through the blinds signalling the fact its morning. He sits there, shaking and sweating, sweating and shaking, trying to keep his incoming panic attack at bay.
“I don’t know what’s wrong between you two but I actively try to avoid drama so I’m gonna go and leave you two to sort out whatever – this – is” When he said ‘this’ he waved his arms around a bit, gesturing between the two men. As soon as he finished talking he got up and left the room, coffee cup still in hand.
Flying overhead, Tony could see everything going on down below. He was focused on the fight, shooting at the enemy from above, but he was still keeping an eye on Steve. Tony could distance himself from the action, shooting down the enemies from afar, but Steve was always right there in the middle of the action, throwing punches left right and center. There was always much more chance of Steve getting hurt than Tony. Of course, Tony had been getting more and more protective of Captain America, despite knowing he could handle himself amazingly well in a fight, but now that Steve was his, that protective instinct seemed to multiply.
“You – You thought it was… Sweet?”  Steve questioned, unable to keep the mixture of confusion and hope out of his voice.
“Fuck Steve, that felt so good but please god let me cum okay? Please? I need it” Tony was almost in tears at this point; he could feel Steve’s cum pooling on his abs, and now he if he given the chance it wouldn’t take him long to cum.
“Steve, fuck, I’m gonna c-” And Steve pulled his head away before Tony could finish his sentence, knowing that the ring would Tony cumming anyway.
He turned his body towards Tony, pulled him closer and placed his lips on his neck. Tony didn’t react at all except for his eyes fluttering closer for a brief second. It was a start, but it wasn’t enough. They’d done this enough times, Steve knew how to distract Tony when he needed it.
He turned his attention back to Tony, still working away. He tried calling his name a few more times but still he got no reaction. He walked closer to Tony again and, putting his hands on either side of Tony’s shoulders, spun him around. For the first time that night, Tony looked up at Steve, a tired, empty expression on his face.
Steve was just beginning to unbutton Tony’s shirt as he moved his lips down to his neck, gently biting and kissing Tony’s skin as he went. Tony was gasping as Steve’s teeth dug into his skin repeatedly. The last button on Tony’s shirt had been undone and Steve pushed it down over his shoulders and onto the floor. He brought his lips away from Tony and took a minute to take in his naked torso. Tony took the opportunity to begin planting little kisses along Steve’s jaw, causing Steve to let out a little moan as his eyes fluttered shut.
“I don’t think you’ll be too fond of this though, love,” Steve said as he bent down to pick up the second item; a cockring. He slid it in place and sat back to admire his handiwork.
“Of course, I often get nightmares about that day that I crashed into the ice, making plans with Peggy despite knowing I was about to die. But we still have to try and function in everyday life.”Steve whispered softly. Tony was looking up at him the whole time, as though he couldn’t believe that the big strong Captain America had any weaknesses at all. Tony didn’t answer, instead he just put his head back on Steve’s chest and closed his eyes.
“GUYS! TONY?” Natasha shouted through the door. Steve leaned back, removing his hands from Tony and using them to prop himself up, as Tony rested his forehead on Steve’s shoulder as swore quietly.
Whilst Tony was slowly coming down from his high, Steve pulled his hand out of him and wiped both his hands on the bedsheet; they could change it later. He reached down to unfasten Tony’s ankles then did the same for his wrists before lying down next to Tony and caressing his hair.
“Fuck, why would you do that, Rogers? That’s just mean.” Tony complained, but what he didn’t know that while he was complaining Steve was taking his clothes off, as quickly and quietly as he could. Having done so, he opened one of the draws in their bedside table and pulled out a bottle of lube, pouring some onto his hand before putting the bottle down. Reaching behind himself, he pressed two fingers against his hole, swirling them around before slowing easing them in. He must have gasped as Tony heard and began questioning him.
“Tony…come back to me…” Steve whispered against Tony’s cheek, lips getting closer to Tony’s own. This time, Tony moaned, and Steve knew from experience that that was the signal he’d been waiting for and moved Tony’s hand slightly with his hand so he could press his lips against them. Tony’s hands moved to Steve’s waist, pulling him closer as the kiss went from slow and caring to rough and passionate.
He ran his nose along Tony’s jaw, one hand on his stomach with the other on the back of his neck. Placing gentle kisses along his jaw, he let his hand travel lower, resting just above Tony’s crotch; he wouldn’t do anything quite that sexual until he had Tony’s full attention and consent. With each kiss, Tony was reacting more. He now had his eyes closed, his head leaning towards Steve, silently asking for more.
Tony was still high from Steve's lips but now he was beginning to think. Him and Steve were about to have a pretty serious conversation and Tony tried to avoid serious conversations like the Black Plague. Normally, if he was with a girl, then this 'serious conversation’ would always lead to sex in a matter of minutes - that was Tony's kind of conversation. But the closer they got to the room the more Tony thought who he was with. This was Captain America, the world's golden boy, he wouldn't just be interested in a quick shag like all those female fans. He was going into a conversation about their relationship and boundaries and how their lives were going to revolve around this. This conversation was going to be a proper conversation and Tony wasn't so sure if he was okay with that.
Tony moaned into the taller man’s mouth, making Steve tighten his grip on Tony’s waist, pulling him closer. They were both so lost in the moment that neither of them noticed Natasha and Clint walk in. The two master assassins stood in the doorway, waiting for them to notice. Clint was stood slightly behind Natasha, an expression of shock covered his face while Natasha, who had known this was how the two men felt about each other for ages without them actually telling her, stood there with a smug little smile on her face, her arms crossed.
And this time Tony did react; he didn’t stop walking away but paused briefly before slowing his walk considerably, allowing Steve to catch up with him. Within a second or two, Steve was by his side, placing a hand on Tony’s arm as he joined him.
This was meant to be a oneshot! And now its got 3 chapters, and it's not stopping there either.
“GUYS! FURY NEEDS YOU! SAYS YOU’RE NEEDED IN SOKOVIA!” She shouted again after getting no response.
“Mainly stuff from The Incident in New York, seeing all the Chitauri soldiers coming through that portal in the sky, the last thing I saw before my eyes closed, that bright orange light as the nuke went off. Sometimes I see Extremis soldiers, doing everything they can to kill me while I was without my suit. Sometimes I can get away, fight them off, but most of the time I don’t. Sometimes I wake up just before they kill me, other times the dream just changes.” Tony whispered most of what he said, but Steve was close enough to hear every work clearly. He cared about Tony deeply and wanted to do everything he could to help him, but he wasn’t sure what to do.
“I can’t help it, you mean a lot to me and I don’t want you to get hurt. But that doesn’t mean I’m going to stop you from fighting. You’re Captain America, you know what you’re doing” Tony said, saying much more than he was expecting himself to, but realising it was true as he said it.
After a minute or two, Steve found what he was looking for and walked back to the bed, holding the two items behind his back so that Tony couldn’t see what he’d got. Putting one item on the floor, making sure Tony still didn’t see it, he walked up to him so he was level with Tony’s head before showing him the first item. A blindfold. Tony just grinned and nodded enthusiastically.
Tony had been nervous at first, worried he would be an even worse father than his own, but Steve had helped him work through it, had held him when he’d cried about how Peter was going to end up even more messed up than he was, and celebrated all Peter’s little victories with him, like learning to read and building his first computer.
It was lunch time, and Steve was making himself, and both his husband and son a sandwich. Normally, Tony and Peter would come running whenever it was time to eat but it had been half an hour and Steve hadn’t heard a thing. He knew where they were; they’d been down in Tony’s workshop since 7am that morning. He had no doubt in his mind that they were so wrapped up in whatever it was they were building this time that they’d completely forgotten about both lunch and Steve.
After letting the two men enjoy themselves for a few more minutes, Natasha decides the alert them to their presence. She coughs and the two men jump away from each other and look in their direction. The looks on their faces is enough to tell them they’ve seen everything.
“You know, we all get nightmares, we’ve all been through some tough stuff throughout our lives.” Steve whispered. He wasn’t entirely sure where he was going with it, but he wanted Tony to know he wasn’t alone. Tony looked up at him when he finished talking, still keeping his body pressed against Steve with his arms around his waist.
Neither had Steve. Apart from Tony, he hadn’t kissed anyone in a very long time. There had been a few girls he had begun getting close to since defrosting, but it was difficult to find someone with shared experiences so nothing ever happened. It had never felt quite right, not since Peggy, but this did. Maybe every girl since had reminded him too much of Peggy but at the same time reminded him that he could never have her? Maybe it was something else entirely, he wasn’t sure. But what he did know for sure was that this felt right. Maybe, being with Tony gave him the change he needed. Maybe, Tony was just different enough that he wouldn’t make him think of Peggy every time he looked at him and instead make him think of how happy he could be with this man.
Tony didn’t reply at first. He simply stepped forwards towards Steve until there was only about 10 inches between them and smiled up at him; then he spoke. “Yeah, sweet. And kind of adorable, especially for someone like you Steve, whose known for being strong and able to protect themselves. It’s nice to see you’ve got a soft side.” Tony’s voice was a whisper; he didn’t need to speak any louder as he was so close to the taller man.
-XOXOX-
Steve blushed again. He wasn’t used to having this sort of conversation with people, especially with Tony of all people. It had been a long time since he’d let himself love someone, or even just date casually. His life was too dangerous to let him get close to anyone. He’d learnt that the hard way when he’d courted Peggy. But Tony’s life was just as dangerous as his was, and that had never stopped Tony from dating, or at least having one night stands, so why should it stop Steve?
“I know, but you need to sleep, doll. We all get nightmares sometimes, but I’ll be there to look after you…” Steve was still staring at Tony’s face, watching for any kind of reaction. Tony didn’t  reply, he just nodded.
They were the perfect family, despite all being superheroes and the drama that follows that. Steve and Tony still tried to protect Peter as much as possible but as Peter began gaining his independence he would say he was going out with mates and then secretly go fight crime. They always found out, Spider-Man often made it into the news and of course they saw that, so in the end they decided that the best way to keep Peter safe was to take him with them. That way, they could keep an eye on him and help him out if he got himself in too deep, whilst also allowing Peter to follow his dreams and be just like his dads.
“Fuck” Steve whispered, as Tony just moaned at the sudden warmth surrounding him. Steve lifted himself back up, before sliding back down slowing again, still getting used to Tony’s size. Before long, Steve was bouncing up and down on Tony’ cock like his life depended on it.
“Steve! Meeting with Fury! Come on, get u- What’s wrong?” Tony came bounding into the room, bouncing off the walls after clearly having too much caffeine. The minute he looks at Steve though, he becomes much more subdued, trying to figure out what’s wrong with his friend.
“And here I was thinking we should be doing the opposite…” Tony replied with a cheeky grin on his face. Steve laughed before turning away, heading off to get ready for battle.
Steve’s lips were full and soft whilst Tony’s were full yet chapped. They fitted together perfectly as Steve’s arms wrapped around Tony’s waist whilst Tony’s right arm snaked around the back of the taller man’s neck and his left hand was grabbing at his t-shirt. Steve had always known he had liked Tony in a way that wasn’t friendship, but he’d never really been able to define what it was, but now he knew. It was this, this was what he wanted.
Steve was right there in the middle of the action now. Surrounded by numerous enemies, throwing his shield to take out the ones furthest away and punching and kicking the closer ones. It was amazing to watch him fight, he certainly knew what he was doing, but that didn’t stop Tony from worrying about him. The enemies were dropping, one by one, as both men slowly took them out. Every now and again Steve would get hit and he’d stumble, sometimes fall. But he’d get back up again and continue fighting.
And then he became Captain America. A symbol of everything America stood for – even if that included their heterosexual values. He was grateful he’d met Peggy; he didn’t have to pretend to like woman if she was there because he genuinely did love her. She was strong, independent, clever and yet she was kind and once she cared about you she would do anything for you. He had been fascinated with her ever since he first saw her, when she punched Hodge in the face.
Biting and sucking on the sensitive skin, his hand slipped below the waistband of Tony’s pants to finally take hold of his dick. All Tony could do was gasp now, unable to form any words. He moved his hand up and down, feeling Tony twitch beneath him, but pulling his hand away.
“Tony..?Tony, are you okay?” Tony’s hands were still resting on Tony’s shoulders as spoke gently, trying to get through to him. Tony didn’t say anything, he just shook his head slightly and leaned into Steve, his forehead resting on Steve’s shoulder. Steve didn’t try and stop him, instead he wrapped his arms around him and pulled him close. He didn’t say anything for a few minutes, just holding Tony. Steve’s bare chest was warming up with Tony’s warm form leaning against him.
Both men were completely oblivious to their surroundings, not that there was anything worth noticing. Tony had changed position so he was straddling Steve’s lap, his knees resting on the bed on either side of Steve’s hips. They were both getting quite heated, and this position gave them the pressure both men were beginning to need so desperately. Steve’s hands were beginning to pull at Tony’s shirt more and more as Tony’s hands were getting more and more violent with Steve’s hair.
“JARVIS, any idea where Tony is?” Steve said, half awake. He’d just woken up, the glowing screen on the digital clock said the time was 03:17am, and bed next to him was cold and empty. This wasn’t unusual. Tony often had nightmares and decided to get up or was too immersed in his work to notice that he should probably be sleeping by now. More often than not Steve would have to go and find Tony and physically drag him to bed, and stay awake waiting for Tony to fall asleep to make sure he didn’t creep away again.
It didn’t take him long to finish making all the sandwiches. He’d made a couple BLTs for Tony, cheese and tomato for Peter and roast chicken and stuffing for himself, everyone’s favourites. Putting them on a tray, he made his way through the tower to their workshop. After balancing the tray on one hand, he punched the code in on the pad and the door swung open, letting him in. He walked over to the nearest bench and put the tray down.
Steve doesn’t reply. He doesn’t even react; just stays sitting there, staring at the same spot on his bed, still shaking and sweating. Tony instantly realises that something is seriously wrong with Steve. He crosses the room in 3 quick steps, sitting down next to Steve on his bed and putting his hand on his shoulder.
Steve knew Tony was about to cum when the string of curse words falling from his mouth stopped and his body froze for a moment before his orgasm washed over him. His mouth formed an ‘o’ as his body began to convulse. Steve continued pumped his fist over Tony’s cock but he was forced to stop moving his hand inside him as Tony was clenching so tight he couldn’t move. Tony’s cum landing on his own stomach and down Steve’s hand.
“Okay, hey, lets go sit down alright?” Steve spoke calmly, taking Tony’s hand and leading them towards Tony’s room. It only took them a second to get there and Steve led Tony over to his bed so there was room enough for both of them to sit down.
It took a few hours to completely finish the job and now both men were completely tired out. Tony was emotionally drained too, being constantly worried about someone is tiring, and he’d been worried about Steve during the fight. They didn’t say much on the journey back, both of them were too tired.
“It’s okay, I didn’t mind helping you. I thought it was kind of sweet to be honest” Now it was Tony’s turn to blush as Steve looked up at him, unable to keep the surprise and hope out of his eyes. Tony laughed quietly when he saw the look on Steve’s face, unable to push the thought that Steve looked adorable like that from his mind.
“You get them too?” Tony asked, in an almost childlike way.
“Fuck, I’m gonna, I’m – ” Steve was cut off by the orgasm racing through his body, his rhythm becoming erratic as he clenched around Tony, his cum landing on Tony’s crest.
Ignoring his growing embarrassment, Tony helped Steve towards the tub. Tony couldn’t help but notice how little Steve cared that he was totally naked in front of his teammate. Tony was sure his face was glowing red as he helped Steve into the tub; the poor man was still shaking. He was beginning to wish he had put some bubbles in the bath, that way they might preserve Steve’s dignity a little longer.
“Better.” Tony nodded, sleepily, as Steve kissed his forehead.
“You don’t have to worry you know…” Steve was the first one to talk, making Tony jump. He looked at him, surprised, believing he’d kept him emotions a secret. “It’s written all over your face. You’ve been looking at me with the same expression on your face in almost every fight we’ve had over the past few months but over the last few days I put two and two together…” Steve’s voice trailed off, blushing as he spoke.
After Tony cares for Steve in a very intimate way the day before, the two men are initially awkward around one another until they finally manage to break the ice.
So Steve decided the only way to get Tony to go to bed would be to take him to bed. He gave Tony a small smile before walking up to him and putting his arms around his middle. Tony automatically put his arms around Steve’s neck before realising what Steve was up to, but it was too late. Steve picked him up. Tony had been picked up by Steve several times before so he knew it was useless to struggle, he wasn’t getting away. He had no choice but to admit to defeat. He wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist and rested his head on his shoulder.
Steve placed his hand on Tony’s hard cock, making Tony’s whole-body twitch as the smaller man stifled a moan. Making a fist around him, Steve moved his hand up and down along Tony’s length, too slow to get Tony anywhere close to cumming but too fast to let him gather his wits about him.
“Well, we both ‘like’ each other, so, erm, we could date? Like officially? Or just keep it casual? Or… or not?” Steve was getting more and more flustered the more he spoke so decided to just shut up. Realising that Steve was just as anxious about all this as he was, Tony began to feel much better about all this, knowing that Steve wasn’t going to hurt him, and his nerves started to decrease.
There was a fridge in the corner, so Steve walked over and took out three drink – a bottle of water for himself and a can of coke each for Tony and Peter. He placed them down next to the word and watched his family for a few minutes. He was aware that neither Tony or Peter had noticed him there, they were much too wrapped up in their conversation, and that gave him the perfect chance to fully appreciate them.
“I believe he’s in his workshop, Captain Rogers.” JARVIS’s smooth british accent spoke throughout the room. The AI still confused Steve a bit, but he was learning to live with it. He sighed, not at all surprised at Tony’s whereabouts.
Slowly, he pushed one finger in until he was knuckle-deep, testing to see if Tony was ready for more. He slid his finger almost all the way back out but added a second finger when he slid it back in. Giving it a minute before moving again so Tony could get used to the intrusion, he began to pump his fingers in time with the fist that was still working on Tony’s cock.
Picking the tray that was now laden with sandwiches and drinks, he made his way over to his boys, shouting out to them as he moved nearer.
“You two really need to look after yourselves more!” He said, grinning at them as they both turned to look at him at the same time. He placed the tray down next to Tony and put his arm around him, whispering a quiet “Hey, hon” as he placed a kiss on his temple. Tony didn’t reply but did lean into him, seeming quite happy to stay in Steve’s arms for as long as possible.
Tony guided Steve out of the bathroom and back into his room, towards his bed. Pulling the covers back, he helped Steve into bed so he was nice and warm beneath the covers. After a moment’s indecision, Tony climbed in after Steve, pulling the covers around them both. The second Tony lay down Steve turned to him and cuddled into his chest. The both lay there in silence for a few minutes until Steve finally broke it.
“So, what have my favourite boys been up to all morning?”
“Take your clothes off” It was the same voice he used when they were on a mission when he was being a captain, and he knew he much it drove Tony wild in the bedroom. It took Tony a second to react, but when he did he didn’t waste any time in taking all his clothes off his Steve. He was exactly graceful, nearly falling over when taken his trousers off, but it got the job done quicker.
“You don’t have to be so nervous Tony, I’m not going to attack you…” Steve said softly, still holding Tony’s hand. The smaller man was still obviously nervous but he knew Steve would never even consider hurting him. They both sat in silence for a few minutes as neither man really knew what to say. They knew what they needed to talk about but neither knew how to start that conversation. After a few minutes it was Steve who broke the silence.
“Tony?” Steve whispered, watching Tony closely. Tony grunted in response, not even looking away from his work for a second. Steve covered the distance between the two of them in a matter of seconds. He went to put his hand on Tony’s back but stopped a few centimeters away, unsure whether it would throw Tony of balance, but then decided to do it anyway.
“Let’s not label it, okay? That way there’s no pressure, on either of us?” Steve looked up at him as Tony spoke, a small smile spreading across his face as he nodded. Tony smiled back, then after a moment’s hesitation, leaned forward and gave Steve a quick kiss on the lips. Once he’d pulled away he kept his face only a few inches from Steve’s as he smiled at him, all his nerves finally gone. He could finally kiss Steve whenever he wanted - given that Steve was okay with it that is - and Steve wouldn’t push him away.
He knew this wouldn’t be last night he had to convince Tony to go to bed, and it wasn’t the first either, but he didn’t mind. He loved Tony, and not just the side of him the world saw, he loved every part of him, even the side that was self-destructive and needed babysitting.
“Fuck Steveee, keep doing that” And keep doing that he did, getting faster and faster as time went on.
He loved them both with all his heart. He and Tony had been married for around 13 years now, and only a few months after which they adopted Peter. He thought back to the war, back when he was fighting side by side with Bucky, with technology invented by Howard Stark; if you’d asked him them, he never would have thought he’d marry Howard’s son and adopt a child together! He never even thought that sort of thing would have been possible back then in the 40s.
Deciding what he was going to do, Tony asked Steve if he could stand. Steve didn’t reply but began to move towards the edge of the bed. He was very shaky on his feet so Tony supported most of his body weight; he would have carried the super soldier if he could but he probably would’ve needed the suit for that.
“And you?” Tony whispered, silently praying that Steve would say a similar answer and not something along the lines of rejecting him.
“Sorry, about – about yesterday. I – I didn’t mean for you to see me like – like that – for you to – to look after me. I just –” Steve was stammering, clearly flustered and waving his free hand about as he spoke. Tony cut him off before he could get any worse.
“Steve, please, stop playing” Tony begged.
“I guess we better get suited up then” Steve spoke softly, still holding Tony’s hand.
Steve pushed himself up and made his way towards the bedroom door. He was only wearing pyjama bottoms, sitting low on his waist, so he felt the cold on his bare chest as he crossed the room. They normally slept in Steve’s room, which was pretty empty. He’d been hesitant to collect many belongings after defrosting, he’d lost everything and not just physical belongings. Tony’s room was hardly ever slept in, instead it was covered in bits and bobs, scraps of metal and small useless inventions. It was one of the main reasons they slept in Steve’s room.
“How long have you..?” He didn’t finish the question before he started to blush. Tony mentally scolded himself, as force of habit, for unconsciously noting how adorable Steve looked when he was embarrassed, before realising that it was probably okay to think about him this way now, given the circumstances.
Bucky turns to face Tony properly again, slightly frowning. "Yes?"
"What do you want?" Tony's question is genuine.
. Call him off before this gets even uglier."
"You made me feel loved, that's the bottom line. I want that again, I'd do anything for it."
"I did..." Steve breathes against the skin of Tony's neck. "So much." He bites his lip at feeling more and more exposed but he manages to get up the courage to move his hands down to Tony's backside, groping slightly.
what you've got and I don't? Is that why he told me
Of course, Tony's mind flickers to that being Steve's reaction to first getting his cock in his mouth, but he moves past it quick enough. "Sounds like we're not gonna need to take that trip to France," he's just about grinning.
"You wouldn't have dated me, that much I can tell you." Steve chuckles.
Steve's eyes burn but two can play that game. "Yeah? Then how about we take care of the past that is our relationship because apparently you're not my boyfriend anymore."
His eyebrows go up a little. "You... wait, you'd do that at all? You on the receiving end was just a fantasy, I didn't expect you would ever be interested in going down for me in any circumstance."
"Coming from you, I actually believe that. But it still..." Tony rubs his forehead and tries to put his thoughts in order. "Are you with him, too? Should I get comfortable with the whole non-monogamy thing?"
." Steve swallows. "I'm sorry, Tony."
Chuckling, Steve shakes his head. "I'm just getting started." His face turns serious and Captain America beds a knee in front of Tony. "I'm sorry."
"What? No." And he moves past her. Three minutes later, digging in the fridge to figure out what lunch will be, in comes Barton.
His body is giving in easily, his arousal and want are so completely on board with everything being done to him. Even the fact that he's bent over his work bench is contributing to how fucking worked up he's getting. Tony's hips are starting to rock and push back against Bucky's hand, and his hands curl into loose fists as he starts to pant.
Steve beams. "I'd love to!" He pulls Tony close and kisses the tip of his nose.
"No, we didn't have... the time, I guess. I've always been in love with Steve but he didn't even see it while he was still... normal. And once he was the Cap, there was no privacy anymore."
She shrugs. "I dunno, it just usually works. Gives closure, I guess. People have a hard time with abrupt change. Did you two actually break up over Bucky, or is that just the rumor literally everyone here is sure is true?"
His pulse speeds up with the very first thing that comes to mind. He doesn't want to admit to
Tony’s eyes shoot up to Steve as he joins in aiding Bucky, it catching him entirely off guard.
"Tell you what, Tony?"
Bucky sighs. "So he did it to hurt you because you were having a fight, not because he actually means it." That's definitely a relief. Bucky is still standing quite close to Tony but he keeps himself from touching.
"This is your second date? Ever?" It's lucky he doesn't have an innocence kink or he'd be way too worked up right now.
"It matters that I feel loved by someone that I love, too. So, yeah, it definitely matters," he says, smiling softly and gazing into his eyes.
Bucky hesitates, looking at Steve with a cautious frown. But his lover nods and so he pulls Tony back and upright, locking him in with his arms. He bites him once more, much harder, while he basically uses him as a fleshlight and then goes after his nipples with a vice like, cruel grip.
"So, you said something about making it up to me?"
The hesitation and doubt is clear in Steve's face and it pains him for Tony to see it but he's too honest to lie. Still, after a moment he nods. "We can go and have dinner together, sure. And I mean, we're already more than friends, aren't we?" He smiles his beaming, bright smile. "We're brothers in arms."
"I don't wanna make promises I can't keep," he offers quietly, watching what's going on in Bucky's expression. "And I know how destructive my ego can be. I just... I really need to take it step at a time. No strings means no promises it'll become anything, but also... But also no promises that it won't turn into something, if everyone ends up wanting that. Are you sure you can be okay with what I'm asking for?"
Steve's pupils are blown to the point that his eyes look almost black and his grip on Tony's arms and hair tightens considerably. He watches as Bucky picks up the pace and nods. "Yes, do it, Buck.
Steve sees Tony out in the morning, the two of them lingering in the doorway and kissing several more times, whispering sweet things to each other, until Stark finally leaves and Steve comes to join Bucky in the kitchen.
Bucky nods and turns his head back to look out over the beautiful land behind their apartment. "No strings." Fuck, the idea of getting to be with Steve and Tony and then potentially losing it again? He swallows.
Bucky arches an eyebrow and grins crookedly. "Like what?"
"Then why did you let him leave?" Gently, Bucky makes Steve sit down again and crouches down in front of him, holding his hands.
Tony needs the pain, drinks it in so eagerly, even pulls against Steve just to make him grip tighter and force him more still. It serves as his penance, absolves him from the much deeper pain, and at once makes him forget everything that's ever been wrong. Having his hole wrecked is good, but he craves more. "D-don't, don't just," he stutters out, voice rough and uneven. "Painslut," the single word is the best his language skills are capable of at the moment.
"Break his-" He's incredulous. "You two have a lot of shit to sort out if that's what you think is happening here. Not that it's any of your business anyway. This is between me and him, and you've got no place chiming in here. Now get out of my way."
He sighs. "I don't have a clue where to start."
God, it's sweet of Bucky to say that about him and he's blushing but trying not to dwell on it. "Without question. Hate to break it to you though, Barnes, but I got off on
to be the one who watches," he admits quietly, not wholly sure how Bucky would take him talking about it.
The way Tony opens up to him only causes Steve to pour himself into the kiss even more. He moans softly and tightens his grip, taking every last inch of Tony's lips and mouth that's offered.
, because you're just really fucking pathetic without that arm."
Another slap but Bucky is reaching his limit. "Shut up. Just shut the fuck up, Tony. Don't make me."
Clearing his throat and shoving those feelings aside, he starts. "Why were you there this morning?"
He narrows his eyes. "It sorta feels like you already know where I'm going with this."
Even Tony's not sure what he's doing at this point, why he's pushing Bucky this hard. His problem isn’t even with Bucky. But he can't seem to stop himself. "He's not perfect, you do know that, right? I'm sure it's never been directed at you, Golden Boy, but since you came back?" He scoffs. "Well, I think you might be rubbing off on him, I think that says enough."
"It's okay." He still looks away. "I get it. But what you're doing is not a long term solution. Either you
"He's
His grip on Steve's hip tightens as he pushes a little more, sucking gently and lapping over his skin.
He's rarely been so grateful for his ability to conceal and compartmentalize his feelings, and he comes off as fairly neutral. "Hey? That's all I get?"
Just like that, he's melting again, melancholy giving way to a loving smile. "Then tomorrow we can pick out someplace for me to buy for you two where you're not risking catching someone's attention."
." Tony pulls up and strips Steve entirely of the rest of his clothing, and the hungry look in his eyes is unmissable.
He moans softly and tilts his head. "I... mmm, Buck." Steve runs his hands over Bucky's shoulders, trying to recall despite the distraction. "We were so young I don't even remember it happening. It's like being in love with you has just always been part of my life."
How could he not, given all those sweet words? Hearing Steve dirty talk always does it for Bucky and at the order from his captain, he does exactly what both men ask of him. Slamming in deep, he forces Tony open again and again, speeding up with every thrust.
"Tony..." Steve wraps his arm around him. "What is it that you wanna hear? Why is this... Loving him doesn't make my love for you less valid."
He nods slowly. "I'm afraid of there being a limit to how much I can be okay with, in terms of you and Steve. That maybe having
"I'll do the same," Barnes teases and starts to kiss down Steve's neck.
Tony cured his hangover in the best way known to man - medical science. And by that, he of course means hooking himself up to an electrolyte enriched saline drip and chugging a shake made of god-knows-what superfoods. When he finally comes out of the medical bay, having disposed of the bag and needle and secured the cotton over the injection site with a little Spiderman band-aid, he's almost immediately confronted by Natasha.
"You sounded like you also wanted to play with me on the receiving end and I won't do that with Steve around. I'm not going to give him another person he has to take care of." But fuck, yeah, Tony is right, he does have some imagination.
"I mean about... not about Bucky, obviously. I mean about... whatever it is you want with me, or, or, whatever. Just," tears again, and a sigh. "I'm just trying to leave the door open, okay?"
"Don't worry, Stark. I'll only do what's necessary so you won't get ripped apart. Anything else isn't my concern."
Tony exhales slowly, guilt creeping in and wrapping around his heart. What was he doing, touching someone else like that? Talking to him like that? He always has the same first instinct in situations like these. Run, avoid, shut down. "I- I'm sorry. That was really fucking stupid, I'm sorry, I should go," and he pushes off the counter.
"Banner might have been your best shot at that but..." Steve trails off. "Can I help?"
The feel of Bucky's mouth is surprisingly electric, sends want pulsing down his body, and he exhales shakily. Tentatively, Tony reaches out to curl fingers in the larger man's shirt, clutching the fabric over his stomach, and he tilts his head just slightly, making room for more. "Well, then what if I wanna see you get used like that just for my own sake?"
"It doesn't bother me that you love him, you believe me about that, right? I know all about what it's like to love more than one person at the same time."
"I thought you didn't... we wouldn't..." Steve stammers, his hands gripping the kitchen counter hard. "Friends," he rasps out.
The smile that spreads on his face is gradual, like he can't quite believe it at first and then it's slowly sinking in, but soon he's beaming. "Yeah, yeah, okay, I can do slow. Whatever you want, Buck. God, I love you so much and I wanted to ask you that seventy years ago."
"Avoiding- I've been avoiding you? No. No, I've been avoiding this guy who used to be my boyfriend, but then nearly murdered me over his 'soulmate'," air quotes included, "who I now have to live with because he made me and everyone else into a damn international criminal.
Nat smiles softly at that. "Your relationship, your partner?" She slips off the table and places a hand on his shoulder briefly. "Sounds like you still got some feelings there, Cap." And she slips off towards her room.
It's like there's a direct connection between Steve's nipples and his cock. Because the moan that spills from his lips is an entirely new sound.
"Pepper. That break up wasn't my idea," he says plainly. He's already solidly shut out the heartbreak of that one, so the statement comes easily.
Bucky growls and snaps. "I never said anything about
Bucky licks along Tony's neck once more before he bites down, digging in his teeth just hard enough to leave a mark for a few minutes.
Buck shrugs. "He's been through a lot of shit and he has a lot of guilt bottled up inside of him. That sounds like me but it's very different."
He takes a really deep breath, finds a side street to get off on, and pulls over. Taking off his seatbelt, he turns to face the other man. "You really think you're an accessory to me outing myself? Do you... do you actually think that's all this is to me, and that I would use you like that? ...Okay, that might be a fair thought, given my track record of publicity stunts,” he admits. “But it isn't. I just like you and I wanted to go out with you. It's not even something I thought about, except for the occasional pulse of anxiety about the really irritating phone calls I'm going to have to deal with tomorrow."
“So, this is how it’s going to go?”
“Why did you do this?”
“Given how hot it is outside, I don’t think that will help.” Tony replied, pressing his forehead against Steve’s. “Plus, I’m really comfortable right now.”
Tony Stark watched as the sun began to set over the lake. Standing chest deep in the water, he admired the orange tinted sky. Steve Rogers embraced him from behind, pressing their wet, naked bodies together. It had been a long time since Tony had felt so peaceful and safe. He couldn’t imagine a more perfect birthday moment.
Steve paused, putting a momentary halt on the passion. He moved to look into Tony’s eyes, cupping his cheek. “Wait a second. You weren’t kidding. You really don’t want to go.”
Steve smirked and cocked an eyebrow. “Is that so?”
Steve looked at the tattoo across Tony’s tanned skin. A circus monkey was riding a unicycle on a tightrope. He carried a stars and stripes shield in one hand and an umbrella in the other. Steve knew the design all too well. He had drawn that very picture, illustrating how he sometimes felt like a sideshow attraction.
Steve began tracing figure eights over the sensitive skin. “Because it’s the quickest way to make you smile.”
Darkness surrounded Tony Stark, yet he could still see everything going on. He was being attacked from all angles and there was no way to escape. Tony used every trick of his tech to hold them off but they kept closing in. His armour continued to absorb damage at a rapid rate. Deafening warning alarms sounded in his ears.
Taking a deep breath, Steve stepped into the kitchen. Looking at Tony's wild dark hair and toned body reminded the soldier of his lingering feelings. The thought of talking with the other man filled him with more dread than dropping into warzones. Unfortunately for Steve, romantic relationships didn’t come with basic training. But if he and Tony were to team up again, the tension between them couldn’t effect missions.
"Depends on what you want to do, I guess." It's strange to find common ground like
"I don't feel like I'm acting particularly different than usual." Steve smiles crookedly. "And you sound like you're ready to leave."
"Please." Tony leans down now, their bare chests pushed together, his lips grazing over Steve's neck in little kisses before licks and bites down softly. He's already getting hard, just from being this close and intimate with Steve again.
Tony sighs, frustrated. "You don't get it, Steve. You're not a trophy or... or whatever, okay? It's not like my boyfriends haven't had the social status or haven't been pretty enough or whatever. The difference is that you're not an arms dealer, or a pharmaceutical baron who jacks up the prices on drugs because it makes him rich. You're not going out with me to get famous, you're not gonna sell the story to get rich. I've made really stupid choices in the past, and for once I'm not, and I just... it's time, okay? I feel like it's time."
"Thanks to my father," he laughs, "Both for making you as strong as you are, and me… not so much."
"... You do realize these guys are interested in being a hell of a lot more than 'affectionate', right?" This time it's not condescending, more teasing.
"I... I'm just trying not to hurt him any more than I already have. I didn't even think about... I'm sorry."
A shudder runs up his spine at the word faggot and he tenses a little. "You know you're really not supposed to use that word anymore, right?"
"That's two people together, one person watching," Bucky retorts. "I can barely hold back with you, how the fuck am I supposed to get my priorities straight?"
"I'm not saying this is all this is to you, I'm saying that the whole outing thing will end up overpowering the fact that you wanted to go out with me," Steve tries to explain. "The first date with a guy who isn't even sure he's bi is not the right time to out yourself, Tony. Take me back home. I'll cook, you can maybe get us a bottle of wine and help me do the dishes once we're done. We're doing this my way."
"You've got no clue, do you?" Tony meets Bucky's gaze, unflinching. He already knows talking like that was uncalled for but he’s not about to pass up the chance to work out some aggression. "No, of course you don't. You think it's really that simple because you're the golden boy."
"Well, I mean... I have, in the past. I used to sleep with people without a first date, even. But that's not what I'm looking for here, I'm just not sure where the right balance is." He smiles a little apologetically.
He looks away and could swear he feels his face getting warm. "That’s what I just said, isn't it? Yeah, I wanna take you on a date."
"I sure as hell don't know how to bring it up. 'Hey, so you know, I've been in love with you all my life, you're my soulmate and also can we bang your boyfriend together and do a ton of fucked up stuff to him?" Bucky deadpans.
Tony does try to pull away when he hears Steve, panic suddenly racing through his chest and his eyes shooting open, but the way Bucky just holds him there, forces him to keep taking his tongue, it makes Tony's cock pulse and his head swim. When the other man does finally pull back, he averts his gaze entirely from both of the super soldiers, breath heavy and face flushed.
. He'd given up all hope, or at least all conscious thought, of feeling this ever again. And as much as he still wants to be pissed, to hate Steve for really no other reason than what
Bucky just pushes Steve into the bed, urging him to get undressed while doing the same thing. "You left, I right." He wraps around Tony protectively and kisses his temple.
"My cock reaming your ass wide open. Steve is big but I'm bigger and willing to fuck you much harder without touching your own hard on at all. I'd milk you dry, Tony."
"Does that bother you? Men coming onto you like that?" He sounds largely disinterested even though he's anything but.
Every thought about Steve--what he would think or feel or do if he knew this was happening--is totally gone now. Tony is far too lost to his own depravity. "Tell me, Buck. What would you do if I was at your mercy?"
The thing is though, Steve might be old fashioned and a little innocent or even naive sometimes, but he's not stupid. Surprised but not disliking the idea, he grins. "You wanna take me on a date, Tony?"
With an obnoxiously cocky smirk, Tony responds, "Just you and me? We both already know how that would go, Barnes. If it weren't for Steve, I'd've killed you already."
His voice goes cold. "Yeah, and you're not Captain America anymore, but we still all gotta answer for our past."
"Excuse me, what?" Bucky turns his head, caught off guard by the sudden change in tone. Pretty sure he can't have heard right but also pretty sure he did.
"Because he's not
"I know now, and that's good enough. We have a lot of years left together, Barnes."
"Mine," he agrees with a murmur. "I love you."
"What do you mean?" Tony looks a little worried. "You think Steve would have a problem with it?"
Steve gets off his chair and instead comes to wrap around Bucky from behind, nestling into his neck. "Someday you're going to have to stop talking that way about the man I love."
"Nah, but I don't mind getting my hands dirty and pushing them inside of your bubble butt," Buck retorts with a smirk as he steps inside.
"What could you possibly have to be jealous of? There's nothing you couldn't have with him."
"Here." After putting the mug down in front of Tony he grabs one for himself--black--and then sits down at the kitchen island.
Once they're back at his apartment, Steve takes Tony's jacket and hangs it up before doing the same with his own.
? God, turns out you really are old fashioned," his voice carries a lot of affection. "So, what do you do while you're waiting for your soul mate?"
with him that you don't is the only thing that keeps me together with all of the things only you two have. But I know that if I try, and I'm okay, it'll be a lot better for everyone."
He looks a little skeptical. "Why... wouldn't I wanna know that? That seems like the ideal answer."
Steve swallows. "Don't apologize, Tony. This is..." He blushes even more and absently brushes one hand over the crotch area of his jeans that is tented by his raging hard-on. "God, you two look so good together."
"Christ, Tony, stop talking like that. Please." Bucky is completely unable to look at the other man. "So Steve got into your head with some bullshit. Lemme tell you something, too: I will never look as gorgeous on his cock as you do, I will never be able to break apart underneath his hands like you do. And no, I haven't seen you guys fuck but I just know what it must be like. And I envy you. Both of you."
Tony doesn't break the kiss as he gets to his feet, pushes Steve all the way back on his chair, and straddles his lap. He drapes his arms over Steve's shoulders and pours himself into the kiss equally.
"No, no, I'm just saying... If things didn't happen the way they did... I want you to know that even though you left a lot behind, you've got a lot right here, too. And I'm grateful to be having dinner with you like this. Call me shallow, but I don't think I'd have asked you out if you looked your age," he smiles.
Now it's Bucky's turn to blush and he shifts as his cock is making itself known. "How do you guys usually do it?"
, ruin him."
"Change my mind?" Steve scoffs. "Did you really just say that?"
Steve laughs. "I see. Not as badass as everyone thinks you are, huh?" He starts the pot of coffee brewing and then gets out everything else he needs.
Tony nods, but before he goes anywhere he pulls Steve into a kiss, long and deep, the length of their bodies pushed together and heat flowing off of Tony.
"I know that's not a problem. But I can't..." He cuts off. This is a completely useless conversation. He can't date two people even if he were to risk it.
"Yes, I do. Which is why I decline. But you were implying I was... homophobic?" Steve assumes.
"No. No, don't... don't apologize. 'Cause if you don't have to apologize for thinking about it then... I don't either, right?"
"Oh, yeah he did. I can only guess it's because he's got some dark, twisted thing for broken toy soldiers."
He blinks a few times, puts his seat belt back on, and starts taking Steve home without another word. His brain is busy trying to make sense of that without just letting it go to his head.
"You wanna be my first, Buck?" His voice is quiet, and whether it's a question or an offer is ambiguous.
He nods and sighs. "Well, I can see how much this is hurting you. So I definitely think you should try again."
Tony adds his tongue, kissing more deeply but careful enough that he wouldn’t leave a mark even if Steve weren't a super soldier. His hips push against Steve's.
Bucky didn't exactly expect that much impact but he knows he's been working up to this. So when he tumbles back with a growl, he's already ready to retaliate. Well, in a way. He just uses his superhuman and now also further improved reflexes to grab both of Tony's wrists, making them face out and away from him as he pins the smaller man against the kitchen island with his hips. "That's the kind of shit I missed, that's the man I was looking forward to seeing today."
Tony just grins and hides it by turning back to his machines.
"I'm not in a relationship with Bucky. I haven't talked to him about it at all," Steve admits.
Tony plants a few more kisses and murmurs a few more 'I love you's. He can't help that Steve always makes him feel all warm and helplessly romantic. Soon, he pries himself away and heads out to the balcony.
He opens his mouth to argue with that but decides against it and just does as he's told. "Am I... May I touch you?"
