Having successfully distracted the wedding guests with his Houdini shit, Cas guides Dean down back on the path leading to the church.
“Will that excuse me for seventy years of coming back to my well being on a shezlong two centuries and a continent away?”
Castiel catches him flying and doesn’t even budge under Dean’s weight, which just never stops being weird.
and laughs ruthlessly in Dean’s voice). Dean’s silence makes him feel weak and powerless. He watches an answer, probably one syllable, decompose under Dean’s tongue. His gaze is tired. He doesn’t want to play anymore. So he grabs the un-sandwich like it’s salvation on wheels and he bites into it, chewing slowly. Slowly enough for Sam to drop it.
“No, no, by all means, go ahead and have your little pow-wow,” Castiel assures, more amused than any human laws of common decency allow. “It makes it so much fun when you tiny ants try, whatever it is that you’re trying,” he hums in mocking appreciation. “What is it, my dear children, that you’re trying?”
“I know,” Dean says mournfully. “Funny how easy it was for you, in the end. Guess you’ve got no leverage now.”
But all in all, weren’t it for Dean and his dead eyes, weren’t it for Dean and his ruthless orders, he wouldn’t have drank. He wouldn’t have fucked more than half the camp to make them feel human and loved again, while day by day, Dean carved them into tools.
“What are you doing, Dean?” Castiel asks, worried - whether more about Dean or the horse, at this point he doesn’t know. He knows nothing here.
Almost? What else is he supposed to do? Dean squints, slightly confused (that is: more confused that he already is, yet another default setting of his. He has far too many of them, now that he thinks of it).
“Just told you? Your hearing would get much, much better if only you pulled your head out of that ass of yours, you know. Ate things, didn’t bother to check the ingredients list. Ain’t it always the problem with you stupid babies? Sad for you, actually.” It smiles again timidly, with fake politeness. “Because we’re still inside you! So, as far as retribution goes, unless you know how to eat yourself, you can go and suck on these balls,” it says, pointing at Dean’s crotch. “Or the space where they once were.”
He glances at them once more and savors the offended look on Dean’s face so well paired with annoyed rude gestures and hissing because they apparently really liked being able to use legs. Well, this is where that ends.
Castiel’s unreadable expression shifts into something soft and sad, like he’s in any way capable of hurting when he sees Dean like this. He snaps his fingers again and all the nausea, stomach pain and headache disappear as if they were never there. Dean feels himself going a bit limp as the long held strain escapes his body. He breathes out and in long, hard and thirsty for it because he finally fucking can. But if Castiel expects Dean to churn his butter in gratitude, he’ll have to go without.
Everything about Lisa is constricting in his chest, wound ripped anew, he doesn’t know how or why, but it hurts, oh god, oh fuck, it hurts like it was yesterday, like it never shut and scabbed, like he’s been screaming her name and his throat is still freshly hoarse with it.
That does get Castiel going. Going oh so bad and alight in newfound kindness he even courteously nods and gestures at the door, the “i-am-a-creep-nice-guy-and-i-have-chivalry-for-breathing-containers” douchebag fuck that he is. The curiosity in his eyes grows into scrutiny that Dean really, really doesn’t like.
“Don't worry, baby. Whatever this big bad thing on the other end is, I will protect you,” Castiel deadpans, smiling in a really insulting way.
“What happened to me being an unimportant ant? What did I do that the ultra Pope comes to bid me a visit in the middle of the… well, if it’s night.” He checks the alarm clock. It’s actually near morning.
Standing up straight, he opens his eyes, assuming he is going to be met with some kind of surroundings, which is what the distinct feel of dirt from under his knees and hands strongly suggest to be true. Same for his lungs, as he wills his respiratory system to kick in for a fuller and better experience. After all, this is Dean. Everything in here can be a useful clue. And this? This isn’t Dean’s mouth. These aren’t his thighs. He doesn’t know how to navigate these lands. Holding a soul or even laying a claim on it is much more different from finding oneself in a position where it makes all the rules and that’s just talking about a healthy soul. But one that’s shattered into pieces and holding itself relatively together in a piece of art made of morbid stained glass full of malfunctions and glitches as signs for its progressing decomposition? One that’s Dean’s? What’s there? What’s left?
Dean needs to stop that fucktruck before it runs him over. Time for a diversion. Or at least a distraction. He begins to set himself free from Cas’s touch. Manages to make only one step backwards before the hand lands on his waist and forces him back to the enemy land of Castiel’s vessel. The grip is stronger than iron, hot on his body like fire and equally unrelenting.
His last shot is the one lonely scrap of a book nearby - doesn’t look old at all compared to everything else. So at least it surely cancels Sanskrit and Enochian out. Surely as well it does look like shit. Not only dog-eared, but both of its covers have been ripped off. Very evenly - Dean can see it from here before he moves to grab it and it tells him enough. Castiel had a thing with keeping things sharp, clean, and free from flaw - whether it was a demon-Bobby house, his punches, his great plan to reach ascension or his faith, whatever it would claw into at any given time. Weirdly everything but his fucking coat. That he now ditched. For a luciferesque suit that has to be a pain in the ass to iron. Dean wonders whose job is that. Maybe Nadya knows. Maybe the book knows.
Okay, Five: was Nadya capable of screaming bloody murder all along? And Six - why is her english suddenly so slav-mangled right now? Inevitably, Seven: doth Jeremy want death?
Behind a wall or two, Springfield burns. Dean passes the piano room, grabs the wannabe vase glass on his way. Throws the water and the flowers out. That will leave a stain on the carpet for sure, but Dean’s too busy not catching a glimpse of the sight outside of the windows, where bright, hot and furious, the city dies in tongues of fire. He tries not to think how this isn’t exactly what he had in mind, thinking this shit hole could use a warmer weather. But even his idle staring and contemplating his position from the days before have turned against him. Everything did and, fuck, he should have seen it coming. He tries not to think, for the sole purpose of keeping the remains of his sanity, about anything at all. Not that he’d change his mind. The alea is iacta as fuck, no taksies backsies. He tries not to think, above all things, how tomorrow, because of him, entire Illinois will be fucked.
“You aren’t the one to make that call,” he decides to comment because no, it’s not possible to leave it all that alone. Cas could, at the fucking least, stop his stupid fuck ass from judging the dead. Some sense of boundaries is required, after all.
Nice times, that. Just go away, you goddamn fuck. Be gone, warm eyes. Be gone, camaraderie of easily brushing shoulder. Be gone, the softest way of fingertips against his forehead, always.
That Cas, he does what he’d always do. Stands as if limbs were an inconvenience he wasn’t sure where to put away and stares at Dean like he doesn’t quite
He takes a cautious look around the room, totally ignoring Cas and the bed. The windows are back and so are the doors. It’s dark outside - either still or again, he can’t tell. He walks out and marches through the empty hall until he reaches the bathroom, He pukes into the sink, but it doesn’t make him feel any better. Dean looks up into the mirror and assesses his state. His face is worryingly pale and his hair is slightly longer than he remembers it being. He takes a look at his fingernails. Long. He checks his armpits: bushy. So it must have been much, much more than just a few days, not to mention hours. This is not how sleep looks like, so Cas evidently had to put him down for some reason. Not good news at all.
“And it still did not result in you developing claustrophobia. Honestly, Dean. I know your games. You’d find flaws in any space I’d put you in, windows or not,” Castiel comments dryly and begins to undo the tiny buttons on the back of his dress.
“Don’t you dare,” Dean growls quietly and Cas stares at him in genuine surprise. “I want you to see what you’ve done every time you look at me until it heals, so you’ll have reference regarding next time.”
Castiel loves that. Oh, so well, all too well — attitude and spite both, and all of Dean’s horses of willpower fire, strong, wrathful and unmatched, but… Castiel can crush it like a handful of flowers if he needs, like a bug, into nothing. Raphael could have, too.
“Now he loves visual drama more,” he remarks and he’s sure he sounds like a whiny grandma right now.
Cas opens his palm, showing no signs of interest. In it, there is a leather collar. Not even the kinky kind of one. The dog kind of one. With a name tag. Dean leans in and squints to read, but Castiel closes his fist again and lowers his hand. He still saw it, though. It says “Fido.” Now Dean’s understanding of Latin isn’t absolute, but he knows it well enough to notice the blatant insult. Considering the context, things can’t get any more rude than that.
Jeremy apparently is fluent in threats enough to shut his bitch mouth and go for hopefully fruitful pulling and slamming of drawers instead of becoming Castiel’s problem. Much quieter, Dean hears them exchange few more words and while he can’t really tell what those are, their voices make at least the hostility clear, as it transcends the bounds of both decibels and grammar. Nadya slams Jeremy’s door so hard on her way out Dean’s worried it broke some glass in his brain.
Castiel grabs it by the wrist and pulls. It has to either stand up or fall. It chooses the latter, ignoring any self-protecting motions of amortization a human would normally have. There is no grace in its landing, none. Castiel is pretty sure the fall had to bruise Dean’s face at least, but there’s no way to assess it now, since the damn thing purposely doesn’t lift Dean’s head from the ground. “Way to reduce your lifespan,” it mumbles from the floor. “Live a little. While you can. Live, love, laugh, something like that.”
Dean shifts his attention to Castiel. His expression is stern and pissed. So, so pissed. Like, alleyway pissed. That does not bode well for the future but Dean’s not gonna get down on his knees and suck for Crowley, of all people.
“Take a bath or I will come there and wash you myself, as thoroughly as I please,” Castiel comments evenly.
There is a difference between want and need. He needed it to gank Abaddon. He’s had and enjoyed it when he was dead and there was nothing left to need, he’s had it ripped away from him like skin (and it hasn’t healed yet). He’s spent, what, years without it trying to cope, to re-adapt, to live, all to no avail. He wouldn’t get pure (because there was never anything clean in him to begin with, no matter how much rust and blood and dirt, he’ll scratch off, there still will be filth underneath, he reminds himself). He tried to atone, but the peace of other people is never his.
Buzzing with the high of power, he returns to the leviathan, satisfied and full of glory. They watch him, more amused than they have any right to be.
“Was this idjit trying to give me a heart attack by making you call from a number consisting of literally one hundred forty-four thousand sevens?!”
He doesn’t elaborate and Sam isn’t sure whether he even wants him to, anyway. Dean might as well be speaking in riddles (or in tongues), considering how hard he’s been to cohabitate with these days. What’s worse Dean now stares at him brokenly and there’s something fucking ominous in his eyes, but Sam can’t put a name on the sort of fear it induces in him. Worst, as if after a flip of a switch, Dean is all smiles again.
Gravel, sharp, clearly a warning. Fuck yes, he’s getting so close to getting clocked again. Might as well speed shit up.
“I’m asking you to make it up again, for the sake of old friendship,” Castiel speaks, finally, after a too long, threat-brimmed pause.
Orwell can go fuck himself. He would have been a better option, judging from the current outcome. At least he didn’t give a shit about the power of true name and left that crap alone.
“Which part?” Bobby says, either to humor him, or maybe just because he doesn't yet realize that it’s nonsense to in any way engage with a statement like that.
Something drowns. (Is that Castiel screaming his name? Sounds like it?) Oh, that was him. He’s the thing that drowned. Oka—
„You can put the orange down,” Dean tells him, shaken. Like it’s very important that Sam does this. “Don’t stare at me like this,” he says and it is necessary to make note that it is Dean who stares or at least stares more, Sam hopes. “I can still handle a sandwich for you. Come on,” he nudges. Sound some kind of stepford-perfect too much verve in this. Somehow sounds like he’s empty inside, a thin crackable shell. It’s terrifying and he wants to run. He looks down for a second and Dean’s red mark taunts him. Dean’s eyes follow the movement and he frowns, disappointed. For a moment Sam expects him to lash out at him with a hammer again and sing-song
“You don't gotta worry about me, I can take care of mine self, mine holy God, mine holy child, and of Jeremies who are shit.”
Dean has never seen Cas that pissed before. Holding his arm didn’t do shit. What else could he try? Get down on his knees, suck him off? No problem. Whatever it takes to get the job done, he guesses in defeat. Castiel’s attention needs to be focused on him, not on them. For safety reasons. Again, he attempts to maneuver himself out of Cas’s grip. With trembling hands, he grabs his belt buckle and tries to undo it.
It’s shortly past eleven in the morning and Springfield continues to burn when the bathroom stills in quiet.
He can’t wait to hear how Castiel spins it around, directly against Dean, in a cunning and disgusting mimicry of love, care and attention or whatever smash hit of an argument is supposed to play out fourteen consecutive times with just one single red herring distraction to make it look like Dean is nothing but a prude, scandalized bitchling and Castiel is, of course, a martyr for love and Dean keeps trying him like he’s Job.
Castiel takes his seat and if he notices the table setting power move, he doesn’t comment. This time his eyes do land on Dean, which is annoying, so Dean is kinda glad he went with everything, after all. Still hunched awkwardly in pain, he looks up to meet his eyes, shooting pure unfiltered empty nothing instead of daggers.
“Any.” Cryptic, sharp. But clearly not over. “Any impression you’re working under is taking you towards your sad little end and there is nothing you can do because it’s step one that got you dead. The souls? As much renewable as oil. Once they’re gone, they’re gone.”
“Are you really trying to go with the Crowley argument again?” Castiel whines because he’s a big baby, one which sounds extremely disappointed but somehow not at all surprised.
For a heavy, danger-swollen moment, no one, not even Castiel, dares to speak. Dean tries to regain his breath and leftovers of dignity and composure in the scarce meantime. But it's going poorly, of course.
Dean releases himself from Castiel’s grip violently. Faces him, paying to attention to the fact he’s giving him a perfect opportunity to ogle his breasts. He doesn’t fucking care anymore.
He turns around rapidly, or so he thinks – at least he didn’t noticed making a decision to move. But he has his palm of Sam’s arm now, thumb brushing softly and they stand face to face, both irrationally scared of Dean, yes, Dean included, while Dean reminisces the good old days before he was dead to this world, days where he could still be side by side with his brother. Again, he thinks
Two: either Nadya’s legs are considerably slimmer than he thought or God (this one here specifically) had blessed him with big thighs, because… Three: he can’t pull them all the way up and Four - staring at his half-clad legs in undiluted misery he notices these slightly poking out things where he expected to find pockets? Like, why even bothe--
“It’s almost time.” He snaps his fingers and a white veil appears in his hands. Dean reaches out for it to have this shit over with, but Cas stops him. “Please, let me.”
a) the term “garden” requires human involvement, which is something this huge-ass part of Eurasia now lacks in the most fundamental way since there apparently are no more people there, last time Dean checked on the TV (two days ago),
Now it’s Dean who pulls the sheet away behind his head, making it look like a grim parody of a wedding veil. He stares at Castiel like he’s a particularly stupid six year old in dire need of having some very basic information explained.
Standing behind the office door like this is not only absolutely futile. It’s also unnerving and dumb. Dean has no idea how long it will take Castiel to handle cleanup in aisle dead people, so he might as well use whatever time he has to do a few idiotic things that could come in handy in the long run. Or not. Something to do, one way or another. It’s not like he as fucktons of better things to get himself busy with.
Cas has two fucking completely separate identities, so as a result, Dean doesn’t understand shit. With every passing second, he understands less and less.
“You don’t need that here,” Castiel explains. “I am the safest place on Earth. And I am your home now,” he tries to comfort and for a brief moment, his hand lands on Dean’s back, a wee bit too low for him to maintain inner peace, if there ever was any.
Castiel lifts Dean’s trembling hand. “Open your palm, Dean,” he instructs and Dean complies. “Good. Now close it.”
“Where all the fun with the flesh takes place. Where we’re going.” He tries to start the car but it won’t give. “Where we’re walking,” he corrects himself.
As he carries him through the hall, he passes people, his most devoted servants. They all freeze in horror at the sight. There’s going to be panic. There are going to be rumors. He’ll deal with this later. He’ll also have Dean watch, in said reprimand. This is more than convenient.
“You can fuck right off,” Dean grits through his teeth. “You can't calm me down, you fucko. The only thing you have left to do is to finally lobotomize me once and for all, so either do that or knock it off, okay?!”
“Why else would I be forcefully rebooted, idiot? You're going to try and tell me I fell down some stairs while I was literally sitting at your stupid dollhouse table? Really? How dumb do you think I am? You know what, do me a favor and don't answer that.”
Last time Dean consulted the Bible, neither was Castiel, so maybe he shouldn’t be all that strict on what’s what.
“You do not get to put this on me! You evaporated on me when I was at my lowest! When I had no one! When I thought you could be the only one to understand me, to know what I've been through, but you didn't even say goodbye. You just went to suck on the grand lollipop of power. You didn't need me anymore, not until I became useful for you again. Did you remember my face or was I just the vague concept that built your empire of excuses to become this? Did you even remember my name when it was not a tool? I remembered yours for that whole year and it kept spinning in my head like a fucking curse! All this time you were the only friend I've ever had and you kicked me to the curb. Lisa was to me what you never even aspired or tried to be. And maybe she's just human, but she loved me more than you just like to think you do. She didn't have to! She benefited nothing from me! I was a mess in her bed, I was a mess in her kitchen, I was a mess raising her son and everything I touched after eight p.m. smelled like whiskey! She deserved so much better, but she was there, she was patient and kind, she was something you will never understand. And I wish I wasn't in so much grief for that entire year. I wish I wasn't hollow. And just a word from you, dropping by to tell me Sam’s not dead, at any fucking point, woulda helped us both so much. I loved her with all I had but that wasn't enough. Now I'm the guy that hit her and, again, you know what? If you never left I would never be in her doorstep in the first place, gardener’s dog! Were you there with your doorstep open? Fuck you!”
Silence. Absolute, deafening silence. Seconds pass and Dean stands, counting. Three, four, five - did someone finally fucking kill him or?? - seven, eight, nin—
Castiel doesn’t understand the car that is in front of him. As it turns out, even that wasn’t clear. This isn’t the car Castiel remembers and thinks of so fondly. This is a Honda Prius. What its wheel is doing under Dean’s grip escapes Castiel’s understanding.
“You son of a bitch,” Dean spits, self-amazed he still managed to dig out real, living disbelief outta his tired bones. He really thought that well is much past dry at this point.
She gets up, ready to leave the room. So does he and he stands there idiotically and uselessly. And waits. Oksana puts the nail file down with a click that he will probably keep hearing in his nightmares. This is the sound of finality.
Why is surprise something he’s still capable of feeling? Like, right now? With this motherfucking deep, deep violation cherry on top? Fuck damn it.
“Not much,” Cas answers conversationally. “Mostly talk,” he shrugs innocently, suddenly so goddamn fluent in small talk and this, of all things, tells Dean this isn’t Cas.
“I’m not a teenager, Cas. I didn’t come here to make out. I came here to watch the big, fiery orb mysteriously plop into the water without a sound. And you are tainting my wonderful experience.”
Only just as she opens it, Dean realizes that, obscured by the damn thing, there’s another door, probably leading to whatever was left of the real kitchen and pantry. Taking one more smarter look around the pulled outta Lucille Ball’s ass nightmare, he also notices that the doors leading to the dining room are closed.
He begins to feel the floor tiles in his bones, even though this body is brand new and unfamiliar to him, it’s not twenty six anymore. He’s still stuck in a model that’s thirty three and has been thrown against walls and shit way too many times. The fact that Cas, regardless of whichever part of this house he’s currently haunting, is unrelentingly keeping Dean’s “disposition” at “two”, is not helping at all.
Yeah, he regrets this. Dean opens his mouth to offer a shitty comment richly wrapped in invectives, but before he manages to get his tongue into proper position, the church bells announce that his time is up. He waits for the inevitable ‘dearly beloved, we gathered here today’ to crawl out of Castiel’s mouth.
“Pretty please, though.” Absolutely non-affecting, it seems. Okay steppin it up. Doe eyes, lashes, lashes. Nada. Rude. This ain't over. Dean licks his lips and mentally works on his voice until he figures out the most throaty, dick-ride-enjoying note he's capable of hitting. “...Baby daddy.”
It’s hard to answer the question since Dean honestly has no idea what he was going for at that moment. So he just shrugs lightly.
“What the fuck is this, Dean?” she asks, pointing her clipper-bearing hand at the general vicinity of Dean’s possibly stuck butt.
“Will do miracles,” Dean agrees, patting his arm, leaving a wet spot of blood behind. Through this he also manages to get her attention.
“No offense, but do you have a fucking brain? Listen, buddy. I’m not overly attached to my life, but ending it right now is probably a shit idea. In case you weren’t listening to what’s been said in between the lines, I’m the only thin membrane stopping my beautiful, wrathful and messed up sweetheart from punishing the world real bad. You honestly think it’s good to take that away from him? I don’t and I only have a vague idea of what’s he’s capable of, which still beats yours, apparently.”
Dean doesn’t avoid Sam exactly. There’s no point to it – most is known in the unsaid anyway, he thinks. But he’d lie if he said he’s keen on meeting him around the bunker. He’s not. It hurts the last damn unrotten things in him. A lot. Like now. All this space in the kitchen, all this empty fucking space separating them in the kitchen, and they still collide. Back in the day (many years ago), or in the leftovers of “the day”, in its empty broken shards (fewer years ago, ever since Sam walked out that door and chose Ruby) that got stitched together in ill ways, it would be brotherly brushing by. Now for Dean it’s a collision and it hurts like a motherfucker. He bets Sam probably isn’t that hungry. Or at least that he doesn’t need that particular orange from the shelf right behind Dean. The touch of Sam’s arm on his flannel burns and he stops himself from spitting self-loathing apologies of
The corner of Cas’s mouth curls upwards. He offers Dean the smile that used to be so reassuring and sweet.
Castiel sighs heavily. Not exactly verbatim, but he’s had this conversation dozens of times already. He decides to give himself the same once-over. “Is it the white?” he decides to ask in the end.
“Of fucks,” Dean answers, just as done. “I think I've lost it somewhere.” Jesus, was the idiot even listening? “Of coke, man. I just asked about it.”
“Took you a while to get here,” he hears. “Was so bored waiting, I thought I died.” There’s a small chuckle. “I still think I did.”
“Let’s make a deal,” Castiel says, ignoring him. “Swap our places. You get to play God. And serve punishment. Now, do you see that man over there, this new acquaintance of yours?”
Or maybe he just hates it when Dean brings up sex outside of fucking and weaponizes it. There could be anything in Castiel’s head right now, but Dean can’t say that he cares what it is.
It’s an avalanche from there. And it takes Dean with. He holds him tighter, Dean feels the stolen heartbeat quicken as Cas fucking loses it.
“Well, newsflash,” they sneer, yanking Castiel out of his thoughts. “And congratulations. He doesn’t see you as the sweet, quirky humanlike sweetheart anymore. You’ve been promoted to Big Bad now. He looks at you, he doesn’t see a face. He just thinks and thinks what’s below and he’s scared,” they laugh with lightness meant for an anecdote, not a personal failure of this format. “Will you show him now? The screamer that you pretend you aren’t?”
His words have no effect on horny baobab Yahweh, of course. And yeah, he should have seen that coming.
“Dean,” Cas begs, “this is the only thing I could have done to help you,” he explains. “Sam and I are running out of time.”
“Ah,” Castiel nods and laughs as if he was giving Dean a point or something. “Well, your mother is dead.”
Slowly and carefully, Castiel sheathes himself in. It’s weird and kind of mildly threatening. Draped over him, Cas begins to move. And when this happens, all of Dean’s bones shatter to dust. He is no more. He wants to cry, but there is no time to mourn his own demise. His friend, also known as God, rocks into him gently and he just kind of takes it: the warm breath against his skin, the wet kisses to his neck and breasts. There is a slow, stable pace to all of this, and once Dean accommodates to it, he finds that it’s not going anywhere. And if it is, it’s going to take forever. Time to make a decision.
Fueled solely by the holy trinity of that, Dean conquers his idiotic, crippling complacency which kept his tired ass glued to the mattress so far and he abruptly sits up on the bed just to grab the nearest thing which unfortunately happens to be nothing more than an empty glass haunting the bedside table. He throws it at the most distant wall, watches it fall to pieces and sink somewhere into the white, dumbass carpet.
“Fuck you,” Dean spits, mainly out of habit cause he’s already searching for the yellow brick road to plan B-land.
“I don’t fucking want to be pregnant, Cas. I don’t wanna be a chick, end of goddamn story, you hear me?”
his heart cries, the leftover good part of it at least)” he whines and scratches Cas like a small, but very determined animal.
“You didn’t like that room,” he explains plainly. “You were telling me it’s too spacious, too alienating, too ornate. You absolutely hated the piano, you wouldn’t shut up about it. I carved something more intimate and tender, to help you accept this place as your home.”
2. It is physically possible to cut hair with too small scissors or/and with a hairbrush instead of a comb for support. It's possible to even do it with wallpaper cutting knife and a fork. Don't ask me how, this is cursed knowledge and you really don't wanna  have it.
“Lovely,” Castiel smiles, his eyes burning with some kind of definitely unholy fire. “It wasn’t that hard, was it?” he murmurs. And kisses him again, soft and delicate this time, showing no need for reciprocation. This is meant to be a gift, a form of appraisal. How magnanimous of Cas, how kind. Dean is at a loss of words. “Finally,” he croons, petting Dean’s cheek with his thumb. Burns, still. Maybe he received a bit more damage than he originally estimated. Dean ignores that, of course.
“A beautiful bride,” Dean sing-songs, leaning in. “So kiss her,” he says, grabbing Castiel’s face with his bleeding hands, but Castiel pulls away.
“Don't be silly, Deansephone,” Castiel strikes back. “You've been eating here already and I don't need a pagan loophole to have you stay. And before you ask, there is no pagan loophole to get you out, so I really think the best choice for you is to accommodate and learn to–”
In confines of each other’s bodies they find something long lost: they find life. There is never enough touch, enough kisses. With every single move, dead joints come back to the world of the living, Croatoan and fear for once forgotten. With every single thrust, breathes sing new gospels, songs of half-calm seas. Words fall and sink somewhere deep, there’s not much of them but they all echo in the room that is not there anymore. There’s just them for this one goddamn time. The world is an abstract concept. Castiel watches Dean come undone in his warm, loving hands; he hears him swim to him with a rite of his name on his sacrilegiously beautiful lips.
He wonders if this is what his mother felt like: struck with ache and panic like a deer trapped in headlights, seeing that he, the child, was already deep in the family mud even though all she wanted to do was to keep him out. He remembers her face, the widest smile, the most cheerful tone, no light in her eyes, only tears.
Wasting no time, Castiel licks his way into Dean’s mouth. And of course, this has to be the exact moment when they get caught in flagranti by the most unwanted pair of eyes that came out of literally nowhere.
“Hey!” Dean barks, uselessly covering the receiver with his hand. “Do you mind?” he nags, trying to scold Castiel with his pissed off glare, but to no avail. “It's a private conversation, dude.”
Silence falls on them both in heavy stones of retorts auto-censored and cut before being said. Castiel dozes off not long afterwards, mind bitter, body confused and woeful.
“Shut up, you,” Dean barks in clear warning. Gets a sip of his own coffee since his throat is just that torn now. Oh, great, it’s lukewarm. “Great, now it’s cold,” he complains. “And weak as shit. Is that insult in my cup because I’m pregnant!?”
Thinking about how it does actually work - as close as he got to how it should, anyway - Lisa steps into his mind again with her always dirty sneakers, secret passion for crappy takeout, a witty smile and sweetly scented hands he grew so fond of even though the flower-candy combo ate like fire at his nostrils at first; and how its tail lingered in a room after she left. He learned every single note of it, down to the last hour. The memory of her takes a seat on his chest, legs crossed and shoes all in mud, and hurts.
He marks that problem up for later. It’s not like scanning every single room for exits has any point in the house where you’re always found.
Dean collects himself from the floor to take the long due piss. Not feeling any better afterwards, he pulls the bathtub curtain and freezes in confusion if not anything else.
“Crowley,” Castiel reminds him of his presence, polite but sharp and he moves his hand from Dean's shoulder to his thigh, where he possessively grips, jealous, hot, too sure of himself, and in every way unrelenting, definitely too close to Dean's poor private parts. “Please, love yourself and stop,” he comments with pity and disgust. “Do you want to die?” he asks conversationally, which, to Dean is a whole new degree of uncannily weird.
Like an unexpected impact, the world crashes into him ruthlessly as he jolts awake right into what he can only try to describe as unfiltered panic of the
Well, this sure is not the back yard alright, Dean notices as soon as his insides decide to step down from the merry-go-round of monster-angel transportation. Holy fucking shit, that was wilder than he remembers it being, Jesus Christ.
Dean gives Castiel's plate a curious look and he's very fast to regret that decision because what he sees is a gigantic, Sam-sized, slab of meat cooked so rare it’s closer to being freshly killed than cooked at all, still bleeding too profusely for something that has any right to be out of the grill. Dean hopes this is not human meat.
Not that this body is any worse or that wearing it is in any way depreciating - it has his freckles, his scars, is built as a facsimile of his own and Dean thinks he could still take out pretty much anyone in a fight (except of Cas, against whom it’s spectacularly useless, just like his original one), but he can’t possibly predict its reactions in the upcoming conjugal circumstances, which means poor control and he hates not having it.
So maybe there was something selfish in the act of taking the blade inside. Maybe it made him do it. He kept staring at it and it kept calling, tempting, offering ideas until he gave in, until he found an excuse.
“You want me to call Batman or the Ghostbusters with that thing? The fuck do you even want to bust — your own ass?”
Castiel turns to look at the door, as if genuinely and deeply curious about why this stupid innocent thing troubles Dean so much. Then he looks back at Dean, probably wondering what’s wrong with him this time.
And yet Dean Winchester, the Consort Queenlike Fucking Idiot, was dumb enough to believe that for some reason (decency? Inevitably getting what he wants anyway? Years of friendship, maybe? Who the fuck knows) Castiel the All and, most of all, Dean-loving God would be at least minimally above violently raping him while he’s unconscious.
Nadya doesn't answer that. Well, now he can make an educated guess on whose blood he found back there. Weirdly it's relieving (at least it's his) and disappointing at the same time (God doesn't bother to try to tend to what's his after all. Was he again stupid enough to expect better?).
“With this use of power? You’ll see us sooner than you think, so sleep with both eyes open, bitch. Even at your best rate of stealing from your baby’s college fund already, you have what, like,” they muse, slowly counting on Dean’s fingers, violently and uglily breaking three of them just for the sake of drama, “two years left?”
Someone else in this house does the job for him now. Dean isn’t even allowed to do basic caretaking. His hands itch for it all the time like they know nothing but that. They don’t, at least not much. They only know how to kill and how to keep dead things living.
“I’m surprised, dear Castiel. I thought you couldn’t get more pettily romantic than the garden-themed manslaughter you’ve committed in Dean’s name, but I guess the seaside sunset kissing takes the cake of Hallmark sweetness,” Crowley says, laughing like they’re the funniest thing in the world. They certainly are the most pathetic, he’ll give Crowley that. “It’s so heartwarming to finally see the useless, brooding nice guy get his manic pixie dream girl.”
That offended expression, while tragically intense, is short-lived, as it immediately makes space for something much more blandly collected and scrubbed of all those not-so-sweet emotions Castiel clearly was reeling in just a moment ago. It’s too composed, too pleasantly neutral for Dean’s taste. Calculated and chosen, a solid ugly proof that Castiel can reign himself in whenever he wants, but simply never wants to when push is about to come to shove.
Cas would show up like this from time to time later on and the secretive disappearing of theirs became a habit. Sam would love to bet on them figuring their shit out, but seeing more and more bruises on Dean, he knows something’s wrong. Afterwards, Dean is always eerily kind to him and insists on spending brotherly quality time, letting Sam do whatever he wants (Sam wants nothing; he just wants to know what’s wrong).  Always stares at him as if he’d lost him one more time. Or one time too many.
Dean is pretty sure question marks are hanging above his head right now. So many of them, all glittery.
“We have a solid shot at a successful co-operation and a helping hand, but we can’t tell you much on details, even without the idjit Godstiel within hearing range.”
There's very important context Castiel is either missing or just omitting, which is why no matter how many battles he's about to win, he’s still going to lose the war. But Dean is not going to fill him in on this. First rule of Married To Monster Club is not giving it ammo.
And it’s just fucking unreal. Abstract. Because he can’t, simply fucking can’t, be serious right now. There are a few things Dean would like to say, but since they’re not his priority and it makes no difference whether he says them or not, he leaves it be.
“What a humanitarian you are. Coupled with him and spared the truth for as long as possible. Lying is the perfect foundation to marriage,” Death tsks. “Even better one for a burial.”
“You fucking idiot,” Dean snaps and after that focuses entirely on the road, doesn’t grace him with a single word again for what feels like hours. They’re deeper and deeper into the woods. It gets darker.
“The Lord shall mend all my wounds and he shall lead me towards his light so I will bear joyful fruit. I am humanity and I am the church. I am every single breath of every living thing. In my chest, billions of hearts are beating for the Lord. I have been conquered and I shall be rebuilt into a whole new kingdom. With my vow, comes a time of peace for mankind. With my sacramental devotion, comes redemption, comes rest. This is the answer to your prayers. I am the truce and the promise that you will not be wronged. My past will burn on a stake as a sacrifice for your future and it shall be bright like the fire of purification that is to wash my sins away.”
“You fold very nicely,” she offers, assessing Dean’s… improvement to her wardrobe because to be honest, its organisation was beneath criticism. And yeah, he’s letting that slide, too. “I would have hired you, back in the day,” she adds with a hint of good humor in her voice and, since it’s so rare, Dean can’t help but be a loser and absolutely relish in it.
“Oh, honey, and I’m way too old for turning tricks. More of a picky pro bono kinda guy and just for the record, I’d make it worth your while,” he smirks as he takes the seat. “If you ever want a raincheck on that, that is.”
Dean gets the tablecloth from the heavy drawer (really solid wood, that. Someone’s pulling all the stops with the love nest scenography), then puts it in place, feeling like he’s sprinkling a mountain of fire with a watering can.
“Do you listen to yourself? Sometimes?” Castiel asks. “Do you even know what your own point is between one nonsense and the other or are you just going loose on hormones and spill whatever ungrateful crap your tongue happens to bring to you? I’m sorry I didn’t hold your hand while you were raking leaves and whoring around with Lisa Braeden while crying, but I was busy ensuring you would have leaves to rake and a body to enjoy your grief and treason in! I was there on the frontline so you could have your picnics and your pity parties. I fought and gambled with things that weren’t mine to keep this world Apocalypse-free! You know all of this was because of you, so don’t you dare imply that I didn’t miss you or I didn’t care. I can’t believe your fucking audacity, Dean,” he groans, shaking his head and grimacing at Dean like he’s a bowl of shit. “You have exactly what you wanted. You have me. You have my undivided attention. The certainty I will be there when you go to sleep and when you wake up. And all you do is reject me. Am I not good enough yet? Was Lisa all that better?” he snarls through gritted teeth. “To make some light for that love I know you harbor, to give it to me instead of burying it down, is that too much I ask for, Dean?”
The hold on his hand tightens and Dean’s worry goes on overdrive. From where the ring is placed on his finger, he begins to feel something burning under his skin, somewhere deeper. Dean tries to remove the ring, but it won’t come off. It doesn’t even goddamn budge. Fuck.
The one where he bent Dean against the desk like a C-grade hardcore porn starlet and successfully made him into a shishkebab before taking the party to bed. Only because Dean squirmed too hard and it probably made it too inconvenient to properly savor. With that his own sobs, repeated thuds of his body against the solid wood. His nails scratching into it, finding no solace.
“We’re gonna do it,” Dean says with excitement, eyes shining. It means everything. “We’re having a camp, we’re gonna be saving people,” he adds, taking Cas’s face in his trembling hands, shaking him into understanding. And God, Castiel understands. He believes. In Dean, in the mission, in everything. Defying heaven was worth this. Dean kisses him quickly out of nowhere, all rush of emotions, endorphins; an action that must have omitted conscious thinking.
Cas touches him softly, smoothly, fingertips barely reaching the exposed skin. There’s nothing even remotely sexual to it. It just makes the caked, dried blood disappear. With his other hand, he does the same to his back and Dean almost, almost leans into the touch.
And, since he’s just that stupid, he fucks the script and kneels. Not to Cas, but to them. Castiel allows this for exactly two seconds before he gently pulls him back up and maneuvers Dean into his firm grasp. Cas smiles, radiant and wide, eyes burning through him with choking passion.
“You made your choice, now show some integrity. Do you think I have the whole evening to watch you pout and cry like Mary under the cross, Dean? Close your fist. Now. Last warning. You have two seconds. Use them wisely and close it.”
With that, he places a kiss on Dean’s cheek, awful but brief, almost weightless, and Dean closes his eyes. Maybe out of habit, maybe it’s just something his body does, maybe out of sadness. Only the sound of wings lets Dean know Castiel’s gone, probably back on his bloodshed tournee.
“I leave you alone for less than twenty minutes and this is what you decide to get yourself into,” he comments, tone lacking any emotion whatsoever.
He hasn't been here in what feels like a lifetime. This is where he watched the sun die alongside him every evening, this is where he prayed, where he planned, where he was stupid enough to still hope. This rounded, flower-crowned, sofa carried his weight for hours where he sat alone and small, but at least he still owned the skin that held every single bone, also formerly his. Here, he was the bird perched at the top of its cage, yearning for the sky, just windows away, almost within reach.
“You’re blind,” he states. Grip tightens. “And stubborn.” He feels his wrist snap. “Do you need fractures and pain to see?” And it tightens more. He feels his feeble bones give in. He snarls in pain and anger. “You don’t want to understand that I know what I’m doing with this planet. I will move all the faithful people, no harm will come to them.”
“Dean – Schmean,” he offers politely in exchange and laughs, a serene sound coming right out of his belly.
“Dean, this is not time for joking,” Castiel tries, pity bright and clear in how his name was invoked. He seems to completely ignore the fact that Dean’s not joking. “Alastair was just a demon. He’s the one who didn't know you for shit, as you say. I know you. Everything inside you and about you. The list of victories on this silly little war you're trying to wage is already long on my side and empty on yours. You think I'm going to need years? Really?”
Dean seems to weight the question in his mind and put it through a handful of meat grinders before he answers. He gives “No” for an appetizer.
They can waste some time. Enough has been wasted on nothing, so why bother now? They’re both guilty, in the end. He’s too sober for this, he thinks. Too sober for Dean. This is what lack of hope does to people, it dehumanizes them and makes them into nasty things. Part pissed, part bored, he touches him like he touches the Bible: with violent disrespect and disgust. It’s all a high tide of push and pull, of hands drowning, of rotten air escaping in between empty kisses. He doesn’t care. Not because he’s at his lowest, but because it’s Dean. His death makes him feel colder than how Dean’s gone cold. He stops kissing to look what’s left of him and he takes it all with pain: the seaweed of his eyes, the lifeless stone of his face. He’s Hades. He’s Sheol. He’s broken bones. He’s nothing.
As far as he vaguely remembers, first floor looks like a hotel floor with rows of rooms and that has to be where the other people live. Then there’s the attic and Dean already knows it only has old hadesy pie, a half-empty can and stale coffee now. If there is a basement, he's banned on that as well. Because he can't get out. Of the house. Because this is his peace-slash-freedom. Or maybe Castiel just really doesn't like Dean messing with his feelings in basements and wants to make sure it never happens again.
There’s a pause. Silence of tiny monster baby cogs turning, thinking. Dean doesn’t remember what words are, in his mouth there’s just sandpaper and thorns. He looks at the surface of water again, livid that he can’t let it take him dead gone and away. It’s just not fair.
“The point is that we didn’t go anywhere, not yet, but we still took your poor little Rosemary here, had so much fun with him you’ll still have to do serious maintenance after that, and then we snacked some just because we could. Unlike you, we don’t have to grow a swamp of greater good-themed super holy excuses to do things—” it wiggles Dean’s eyebrows suggestively “—and to eat them. To be honest now, we do see why the old man canned us down before he went off on his butt-monkey painting spree. They’re so tasty it should be illegal? Is the whole species that yum or just your plump, juicy and soon round like an orange Deanie? Do you even realize how hard it was to stop your mouth from eating that all the way?!”
He doesn’t exactly have a plan, which is the worst thing about this whole idea. He’s not sure how fucking Cas is supposed to make him not destroy a huge part of humanity, but it’s the only thing he’s got. He’s done nothing yet and he’s already tired. Cas will probably tire him more. He wonders how much hunger lies beneath Cas’s seemingly innocent but still fucking predatory looks. Funny that of all the things in the world, it’s something made of feathers and claws and teeth that continues to claim it loves him.
“I’ve been to hell and I’ve had my ass on a rack for a long, long time. I assure you, sweetie, there is nothing you can do to me to have me surprised.”
Dean supposes that’s true, kinda. Pets don’t get treated this way. He decides not to share that thought. Castiel’s anger is unusual and he can’t tell what could happen if he did. He chooses to tread around the issue lightly.
Sadly, he's perfectly aware that nobody here is gonna give him anything unless the boss clearly allows it, so it’s more efficient to just skip these steps and speak with the authority himself. Formally praying to Cas was always kinda awkward. But formally praying to Castiel? To get his benevolent attention? How does that even work? Dean’s got no clue how’s that supposed to look. So he wings it.
But he couldn’t stand the sight, so he did. He was, and is, repelled. It’s a nice thing they’re going to die, actually.
It sits up, seemingly never bored with the stupid motion, and stretches Dean’s neck to the sides with enough fervor to make too many things in his spine crack louder than crumpled paper, the ugly sound of it crawling somewhere around Castiel’s teeth.
Dean would love to, but he can’t fucking hush. It’s impossible to hush. Whatever it is, it gets more violent and determined, stronger. That’s where the screaming begins. It takes him a while to understand that it’s his own. He doesn’t care, doesn’t control it. It’s not him screaming anyway, it’s his soul. He writhes and thrashes around, finally frees himself from Cas’s grip, but falls on the bed again, this time on his stomach. Unable to run away from the cage of his own body, he curls himself into something small and broken, now tearing his throat into shreds, sounds of agony muffled into the uncaring pillow. He’s pretty sure he’s crying.
Dean doesn’t seem to care at the moment. Castiel decides to remind him of something else entirely. Should work. Has to work, he muses. No matter how many broken bones, he always crawls back to Sam. And, in fact, the more broken he is, the faster he manages to crawl, that amazing little thing.
Huh. As far as Dean’s aware, his last name was not revealed to the world. No one is supposed to know what happened to him. No one except for Bobby who can probably guess what’s going on right now.
“Our guests wouldn’t fit there,” Castiel explains. “Besides, you don’t want people to know where you live.”
“Why is this fucking thing closed? It’s never been closed. Is that what the extreme makeover is about? A distraction?”
Well, this is…… Dean is not, just not, unwrapping the meaning of this. Which he thinks he knows. Which is why he’s NOT addressing that at all, ever, let alone discussing it with Nadya. One thing is sure: it’s Jeremy hunting season.
“You got it all wrong,” Cas says and Dean has no fucking clue what that is about. But if Cas thinks Dean’s gonna ask, he’s in for a big surprise.
There's the signal alright, and it takes its sweet, sweet while to have Dean choke on his own adrenalin, but then it cuts into quiet, and if there's anyone picking up just now, they’re probably comparably confused, since all Dean gets is the noise of someone breathing in what feels like extremely palpable tension.
“Sure you do, little rascal! Everybody loves chicken, because we eat chicken here, not people. Remember that for me, buddy.”
It looks like endless benevolence has its limits, after all. Angels might be things of inertia but they aren’t things of patience and Dean guesses it applies to angel-based gods (God, actually; can’t get more monotheist and hardcore conceited than improved Cas) just the same. The door and windows have returned in all their useless glory, like an unreliable comet that has a completely unmeasurable orbit. And it does, of course, have some kind of a point because there's no way he got those back just for waking up so pretty. Still, Dean's not inclined to discover it without his immediate circumstances forcing him to.
“Nah, that ain’t it,” Dean waves him off, laughing. “You just want to fondle my titties.” He clasps his hands expectantly. “Well?”
he wants to do to him right now). Having Castiel buried inside of him to the hilt, he leans in towards his face and he whispers, “You’re already dead.”
“I want you to get to the point. I want to know how you escaped me. I want you to, by all means, go ahead and be direct if you want to threaten me. Or is there nothing you can do that with, which is why you’re being loud but vague?” Castiel leers.
Castiel’s other hand goes to his forehead again and Dean tries to scoot away, even if it means falling off the tab--
“Dean,” Cas now demands, pissed and weirdly, apparently kind of scared, which is new and would be interesting if it weren’t for the fact that Dean’s currently busy dying. “Surrender!”
“What the fuck is the point of that if you can make sure I peel the goddamn fucking apples and not my hands?”
This time around Castiel strips entirely, taking his not that sweet time doing so. Almost as if the first night back then was just a preparational fuck and it didn’t count. Was it an aperitif to him? A snack? Or maybe Dean’s getting that wrong. Maybe it was a derogatory fuck and he was not meant to derive joy from it. But this, this is gonna be the main event, Dean can tell. There they are, the predatory sparkles in Cas’s eyes, the unearthly glaze, blue so fucking cold.
“Dean,” Castiel's soft voice reaches him from eons away, from underwater. “I can calm you down, if you need.”
Cas takes him thrice that night; in fleur de lis sheets, in confessions of eternal and indestructible love and in begging Dean to look at him like he looked in the days before. All Dean looks back with is despair. So when Castiel takes him, thrice after the sunset, he fills Dean with need - it’s thick like honey and it fills every fibre of his being, roots of baobab and its branches crushing his aching chest. It all is Cas and it all screams Cas, Cas, Castiel, Cas, and Dean shudders, needs to be taken, needs to be undone, needs to be fucked right there, right then, his body keening and crying for more, while he, apathetic, lets it wail. Lets Cas have whatever the fuck he wants this once.
“For this exactly you will burn. God is a coward and he wasn’t as insulted, as robbed. You made fun of my claim, desecrated my most important spoils of war, my beloved. He will not belong to you, not to anyone, not even to himself. For that alone I will can you down along with God. Have your idiotic reunion there and not in my conjugal bed. Not in my consort.”
Clearly already having had assessed the distance between his greedy monster hands and whatever severed baby head lies beneath the lidded tray, Castiel rises from his chair and gets himself the silver and his plate. He lets it all slide without a single word. Such a poster fuck for benevolence.
After taking all of this into brief consideration, he’s not even sure if there’s a point in bringing any of it up. Not that he trusts himself to be able to keep quiet because he doesn’t. What he is sure about is that he’s never felt dirtier in his topside life. It still doesn’t beat some of the rack’s biggest surprises or the first days playing the butcher, before his soul understood it’s not going to be tortured anymore and spiralled into euphoria. But it’s a very close second.
“Nahh,” he takes the same route again. Worked well last time. This time he waves a wee bit too hard and the goddamn baby gnome scissors fall outta his sleeve. Fuck. See, that's why visual drama is bad.
“After you breaking Sam like he’s nothing, after you gutting Visyak, after you coming here to mend fences, but stealing Bobby’s shit instead, after you having Lisa almost die because you sided with English garbage,” he cuts in, vicious. “Yeah, I think I can, buddy. So save it.”
As they lie together in the darkness, Cas kisses the nape of Dean’s neck while Dean desperately wants to throw up the seed of the baobab he now feels he harbors. “You inspire me,” he hums into his still heated skin. Dean swallows a sob which falls thickly on the baobab seed and feeds it. In the darkness of the now truly conjugal room, turned away from his probably now spouse, he stares at an outline of a white wedding dress, hanging on the wall. Somehow he knows it’s for him but he is too resigned to indulge himself into wondering about the intricate mechanisms of how.
The one where, sans words, sans a sign of any context, Dean tried to take one for the team and dove directly onto Castiel’s mouth. The hungry, impatient but satisfied groan that’s reverberating in Dean’s ears again and twisting his chest into unrecognizable, shaken mess.
“That’s not just details to me,” Dean says, eyes wide from anger and disbelief. Apparently, he’s said damage.
This, uh, this is a problem. Not the furniture, he handled worse before he became a soccer mom. Just the impossible to miss observation that Castiel’s voice resonated not around the office but directly inside of his head, exactly where it fucking shouldn’t.
“Don’t listen to him,” the waitress chips in. “All he’s gonna do is lie to you,” she warns. “He hides a shitton of skeletons in his closet and they’re all white.”
“Yeah, yeah, I heard you. Now sit your ass, your bowl of souls and babies’ blood is gonna get cold,” he groans.
His, somewhere in Castiel’s hand, maybe still, maybe in the past. But if there’s someone who knows the now, it’s him and Dean won’t call him although he’s had the damn phone in hand eleven times just today and yes, he counts.
“There are many different and wonderful things I’d rather do with you than teach you like a bratty child, but you’re hardly leaving me a choice. Again.”
He dreams of Sam. Sam, who stabbed God in a valiant attempt of last minute heroism and hasn’t been vertical in three days. Of both of them when they were children, playing cards on a motel bed, of him preparing Sam cereal and Sam bitching about the milk being just this side of foul, of them building castles of wet sand, of Sammy making baby steps towards him, with blood running out of his little mouth when he tries to call his name. Dean wakes up crying. Furthermore, he doesn’t wake up alone. Next to him, lying on the bed on his side, there’s Cas. Or God. Or something.
“He’s in a good mood,” she says; a bit of spark in her voice, as if it was a secret just for him, a helpful tip.
“Human love is flawed and it’s bound to hurt. People make mistakes. I understand that just fine,” Castiel agrees, which is something. “But your loved ones, Dean?” He pauses. What a drama queen. Dean almost rolls his eyes. “Maybe they made mistakes as well. But it’s more important that they made
There’s one more thing left to say. Three syllables of absolute finality and he won’t be able to take them back.
She smiles venomously and points her pen at his forehead. “You son of a bitch, this is exactly where I came from, you throw me out of there first. Then find the audacity to talk shit.” Out of probably nowhere, but not that it matters, she pulls a glass of liquid and puts it in front of him with a loud click.
“In his new form, Tiresias became not only a mother and a wife, but also a prostitute of great fame. As you can imagine, he had lots of sex. After seven years of such life, he encountered snakes again and wisely left them alone. As a prize, he was returned to his original shape.”
“Your ass will be severely put to work and mended with chilli peppers afterwards if you don’t march out of here on your own and never mention this again. Now move.”
“We know, we know.” It waves Dean’s hand dismissively. The body control still keeps being disturbing. He’s the only one justified in doing that and he has never, not once, misused or abused that power, but this thing is doing it just to frustrate him more. “We have eaten enough TV trivia soaked souls to get the idea just fine but even if we wanted to, we can’t feel worried. Not even God could kill us, so he had to lock us up and intentionally never tell you feathered idiots where he put us to avoid shitting his pants in case of a family reunion. Face it, what’s the best you can do? Write us a parking ticket for parking and fooling around between these two fine legs?” it taunts, waving Dean’s legs like a child. “Such good legs. Thanks for the biological sex lifting, by the way. Considerably more fat on this version. And we don’t like our meat too lean. The fat is just what makes it work, you know?”
Even Alastair’s power and reach had limits, despite of creativity being boundless. Even Alastair knew he’d have to let him go eventually. Even Alastair offered an out, offered growth, regardless of its direction. Castiel doesn’t. He only will grant Dean the unbecoming, hoping Dean will eventually come to him, clad in his most apologetic, sparkling and tender gaze, in the most ornate dress, his body wet and waiting, just for him, entirely for him, and he will ask for it nicely.
Castiel looks at his somewhat dirty but definitely once white suit. His body sags and he hides his face in his palm. “Are you done?” he mutters silently in hope Dean won’t hear him.
There are still the common bathrooms, right? Somewhere. No biggie, he’ll find them. Second floor, in theory “theirs”, but in reality fucking Castiel's, since Dean just can't relate, has: the main bedroom (stupid), his bathroom (useless), hall (empty), the office (banned). Ground's got Sammy's room (sad), the fake kitchen (stupid, useless), real kitchen (closed. banned?), dining room (banned, very banned), living room (who cares), the porch (banned since he doesn’t even know how many days, which is sad, useless and stupid).
ever were to have a house together, would they want it to look the same way? The thought wants to roll inside his head, explore scenarios down to the details of potted plants and where to put them, but he kills it, merciless and fast. Why the fuck did he even have it in the first place? It’s not like the train has long left the station. It never really existed. Why does he keep forgetting?! Stupid, stupid Dean.
“...and you have no way of understanding a process you have no idea is happening, so yes, you might feel more broken than you were before. But it’s not the truth. You will heal.”
“Oh, that's interesting,” Dean says, wanting to hit a sugary sweet note, but getting out something terribly uneven and far from collected instead. Well, shoot. “I'm so touched in all my soft places, honey. Without my consent, as usual,” he comments, tone successfully paler. “Now can you just fucking explain why is the dining room door locked? I thought we had a rule that explicitly says this house is meant to be open not just for you, but also for me.”
It calls him again, distressed, confused. But at least not hurt, which is something. The whole ethical dilemma of monsterness is a problem for future him, if there even is a future him to tackle that.
It kind of raises the question now, in Dean’s suddenly fear-speechless head, on what fucking grounds did he even think that the burning, eyeful, haloed hydra with wings wouldn't eventually eat his face when it literally has been designed, programmed and equipped to eat his face?
“Why haven’t you combed your hair?” she asks as she maneuvers him into a steady grip, leading him to the kitchen in tiny, considerate steps.
“Here’s how this is going to go. The only thing that bumps—” he even gesticulates to accentuate his point “— at any night, is me. Smile and insult all you want. I’m going to neuter you and send you all back in no time. I genuinely do not care whether you can be killed or not. I opened Purgatory once, I will do it again.”
“I’m peachy,” he groans dismissively, finally opens his eyes and properly takes the bedroom in. In their absence, certain significant changes were made to the place he already so deeply resents. They’re almost funny in their pettiness. The sudden lack of doors he kinda gets, but the windows? Because jumping out of the second floor would make so much sense right now. This is such a fucking mess, all of it. Almost like an Ed Wood movie. Except that he thinks of those rather fondly which can’t be said about the bedroom. “Anything else you removed from this room, aside of my will to live?”
“Go ahead and make me,” she hisses. “Break a bone or two. Knock yourself out. Break a bitch, knock up a bitch, whatever’s better.”
Castiel pulls the sheet off angrily. “What happened in the bathroom had nothing to do with natural. Was I expected to sit and do nothing?” he asks, fury clear in his voice.
Looking at Dean fondly, he smiles. “I wouldn’t be wrong, would I,” he sighs. “My poor, little mess,” he adds with evident pity. “You understand that I must put him back together before he hurts himself, don’t you?”
For a moment, Dean’s gaze softens. “‘Cause it’s the only way to save you. You made all this choices because I had you make the first step. I’m responsible.”
Castiel hums in approval, as if he was waiting just for that. He grabs Dean’s hips, lifts him and begins to pound into him mercilessly, rough and fast, exactly like it was suggested. From there, it doesn’t take very long until any semblance of control is lost to Dean and he’s clawing at Cas’s back and whimpering, whether in pain or in pleasure he doesn’t even know. The heat begins to build up and well inside of him as Castiel’s thrusts become erratic. It’s not a symphony of movements anymore, it’s a cacophony of sensual noise and it grows and grows until it becomes the overwhelming sound of static.
Just like that the burst of fire in his brain really makes his jaws snap hard enough for him to feel Castiel’s bones underneath his teeth but his mind is too occupied with the fucking tornado to revel in it.
“I’m not giving you a paperweight, Dean—” yeah, cause Dean doesn’t even have any pap—“I’m giving you a phone call.”
Makes perfect sense, considering the fact that names which would mean ‘Castiel shits on every single one of you’ or ‘God fucks Dean’ didn’t make it to the books. Yet.
Dean releases the strain he’s been holding, but his body goes numb instead of feeling relaxed. “Fucking hurts me!” he yells to nobody in particular as he kicks the poor stool by the dressing table.
He just doesn’t fucking get it. Is this supposed to be a Winchester House ripoff? Some bad last name-based joke he doubts Castiel is capable of making on his metaphor-impaired own? What’s with the house remodeling?
It’s the whisper which stops him, the change of air that it brings and the spark in Dean’s eyes, feral, old and completely serious.
Amazing exuberance indeed. Where were the monosyllabic answers literally five minutes ago? Another moment of silence with no explanation in sight. Perhaps he should stop asking yes or no questions.
“I dunno. Maybe because I’ve swallowed and it tasted like shit,” he comments and shrugs once more. One time too many.
“No,” Castiel breathes in sharply. “you didn’t,” he tells the Dean with clearly cut wrists, who is now casually and carelessly bleeding all over his sleeves and the table. With morbid fascination, he watches the man as he tries to lift his coffee cup (and fails). Under his breath, he mutters something Castiel deciphers for fuck. Drops of blood slowly but undeniably make it to the milk jug below. Hissing and fumbling with his own hands (Castiel can tell that some tendons have been injured), he switches his attention to the now slightly pink milk, which he tries to pour into his americano. With some more damage to the tablecloth, he manages to do just that. Palms shaking, he lifts the cup to his mouth and fortunately Castiel drags himself out of his stupor just in time to point out that drinking this is a very bad idea.
“Your father left you to die more than once even though you always followed his orders to the letter. Sam chose college after everything you’ve done for him. He left you for a year and would have done the same even if he had a soul at that time. He would have done it again, given a feeble justification and a chance. Cassie disposed of you because you were more than she was willing to handle. Lisa let you go, just like that. Neither of them even bothered to simply try. All the women you charmed into your bed left before the morning came and three weeks later they wouldn’t remember your name.”
“No, Dean, it’s not only that. Were things ever so easy?” Bobby asks tiredly and Dean’s gotta say, from where he sits now, he doesn’t see that as anywhere near the definition of easy. “There’s things happening all around the goddamn world you don't get to see or hear even on underground news. Hunters and leftover monsters only have some scraps they got no idea how to make sense of and we only know that because Crowley is Crowley, and—”
“What,” Dean tries for something smart but gives up entirely, much more confused than he wants to show.
“You think this is some kind of math problem? Fine, have it your way. Do you need me to calculate how many died because of you just this week? How many millions?”
“I'd rather the fuck not,” he states. “Can we change the subject? Like, ideally to the reason why you're having a congregation with Crowley? I mean, what the hell, Bobby?”
“As I said, adult fun is scheduled for the night. Headache doesn't work. Figured no girly locks would be dissuading. Until it grows back or something.”
Dean imagines spitting in his face, over and over and again but puts that nice thought away. There’s relatively safe shit talking and then there’s biologically contaminating the God with disrespect in physical form and no, that wouldn’t be safe at all. There are people in this house and it’s his last job to protect at least them if he can’t much help anybody else.
That’s the sharpest, most menacing okay he’s ever gotten right after the one Lisa would give him when he would really get to her nerves sometimes. And it includes the additional context of Castiel wiping the other bloody hand over his pants as he said it.
He straightens himself proudly and leaves the room with the confident step of a million-making super model, shuts the door with force of a thunder, very close to Castiel’s smug dickwad face.
Nadya nods and leaves again, hopefully not looking for Jeremy’s assistance this time. Dean keeps on folding and putting clothes away and stares blankly at his finished work until she comes back.
“Have the souls wiped your goddamn memory stick? Don’t you remember I’m done with being special for whatever holy party currently at large? You forgot I’ve never been a fan of that position?” Shit, that came out wrong. Then again, nothing can be right in this asshat conversation that shouldn’t even be taking place. “You did your shit so leave us alone and let us rot,” Dean snarls.
“And what’s your poison, mister ‘I can’t even cut my fucking wrist right’?” she asks, irritated. Or rather - Castiel tries to decipher the exact emotion - disappointed.
“And huge, toothful mouth covering the whole face, black ooze, running the economy, eating people with a side of melted cheese dressing,” Dean goes on, marveling at the endless possibilities. “It comes from the fact that I don’t fucking know what you’re made of anymore. So yeah, I might not like what pops out and that bothers the living shit out of me. What’s in it for you, anyway?”
And he remembers her ways. Repeated to Sam, John’s binge after binge, hunt after hunt, until his baby brother would grow big and wary and buy it no more.
Castiel sighs, but doesn't turn around to throw a punch or a bitchy remark at the shiteating, bitter grin on Dean’s face. Hard to tell if that's a win or not.
What he doesn’t expect is Castiel making his way into his space and crowding him against the bed. “Just the satchel, dove.” He smiles fuglily. Dean goes rigid, but he contains his disgust. If Castiel notices it, he doesn’t grace it with much attention. Instead, he chooses to pet Dean’s face with his knuckles. Blessed by holy miracle of endless patience, Dean chooses not to bite.
“There are so many really nasty and yet honest things I can answer this with, Cas. But in the end, I’m simply gonna ask: is this actually going to be your line of defense? Because it’s nonsensical.”
Dean doesn't even know how to answer that. Or how exactly Bobby clarified that. He just sighs into the phone, because really. The joy of midlife crisis sprinkled with biblical complexes is just that breathtaking.
“What do you even rule after you eat all that? The Dean?” the leviathans muse on, ignoring him, exactly as if it was a given that he will, in fact, eat Mudball-3. “A while, maybe. But aside of a lot of last minute fucking, what then when that reserve wears off? Do
The one where he didn’t even have a moment to wonder what’s gonna happen now because Castiel didn’t bother to pretend he’s surprised with Dean’s sudden proclamation of devotion. The screech of Castiel’s chair as he stood up to devour and conquer.
“He’s a Winchester, Castiel. He’s not reformable. Especially this one. He doesn’t even have a self-preservation instinct and will continue to talk shit even devoid of a mouth.”
“A stapler?” Castiel asks the scissors probably, judging from what his eyes are focused on at the moment.
Her name is Oksana and she seems to be very, very afraid. It shows in the paleness of her skin, the nervousness of the too focused gaze of her brown, glassy eyes. She keeps them trained away from his face when possible. She has spent most of the day with him, getting him ready to become the main course. Probably unwillingly, she has to be his Charon - his only remaining and last companion before he hits the depths of the underworld ass up, face down and covered in shame.
“Baby daddy, who art in not here, halloween be thy name?” Is this attention getting enough? No? Okay. “Thy cockdom come. Thy will be d--” umb “--one?” Yeah, okay, he isn’t even sure what’s supposed to come next. “Forgive me my trespass, but give me a thing…? Hello…? Hel--”
He’s killed the father of his bride and now it’s solely, entirely his. He doesn’t need it. He wants it. He accepts this truth, finally. It makes all the difference and all the order in the world. He wants it, he wants it, he wants it. He gave it away because he wants it. He doesn’t know how long will that last, this final act of self-salvation of his.
At the same time he’s extremely busy pretending the scissors do not exist. While he’s still staring directly at them.
“Sorry, Dean,” he says lightly with a non-matching very sad frown. “I think you drove into a tunnel.”
“I could have sent him to hell or thrown him into the void. Instead, his soul went to heaven where he can relive his most cherished moments with the people he lost. I had you reward him, essentially.”
Dean lashes out at Crowley for the third time, solely because he can’t throw his fist at his husband and his humiliating confirmation, but Castiel decides to stop him mid-move, hauling him away back to his side.
“You have forfeited any rights to this room, Dean. Whatever I have placed there is none of your business. To me your safety is much more important than your need to pry. The faster you accept this, the better for you.”
“I’m fairly fucking sure she got to see her mother every once in awhile at the very least,” Dean hisses, throwing Castiel’s input to the trash where it fucking belongs.
“You really don’t get it, do you? Cas, I’m past that point,” he murmurs, rubbing greedy circles over Cas’s belly. “I’m not gonna stop. Neither are you. Give it time, it’ll call. We’ll fuck like rabbits each time until there’s nothing left of us but sulfur.”
He remembers, sharply and painfully, Sam. Small, vulnerable, a crying child he often didn’t know how to comfort deep and real enough to make his tear-stained smiles last. He remembers him now - small, vulnerable, a faint figure burrowed in sheets, his breathing, his warm skin, the only proofs of his existence here, combined with, but in reality mostly only parallel to his. He remembers, most of all, how bad he fucked up. As a brother. As a parent. Because in the end, that’s his past, his truth. And this monster kid here - maybe it will rip him apart, to unrecognizable pieces, and eat the world one day but now, right fucking now, its crying is ringing in Dean’s ears, in his ribs, his heart, and it feels just
Dean indulges him, of course. Castiel quickly gets the veil in place and steals a kiss on the top of his head. “There you go, beautiful.”
“No,” Castiel counters, word falling on the floor between them too softly for his liking. The thing grimaces at it as if it was made of rotting fish.
Beneath his gaze, there is something Dean can’t name, but it reminds him of Alastair and the first time he offered him the blade.
As he is just about to touch the knob, a surge of power sends him flying backwards right to the poor table, he thinks, but no. Looks like not this time: the table is spared, Dean not so much.
Castiel does, which is a fucking miracle. He reaches out to the bed stand, from which he takes a glass of water and a piece of pie on a plate. Apple, probably. So much for a choice, again. Another nice item to add to the worryingly long list of things he now hates because they scream Cas too much. List includes: flowers, boobs, breathing, weddings, intimacy, seasides, existing, and Cas. Also, apple pie.
“I'm not talking about God,” she clarifies, which has to mean there's more than one resident asshole in this house and frankly? That's beyond Dean's capacity to comprehend right now. “I'm talking about Jeremy,” she adds, making sure Dean gets the
“Well, honey, I don’t think I’m physically able to, but I suppose you might try wiping my face off my head if that bothers you, dear,” he chirps, smiling all too sweetly.
“I’ve taken Ben away from you. I want to fix this. I want you to have something to focus on. To cherish. To live for. Something that isn’t your brother. Or me,” he says softly, petting Dean’s hair that is now a complete, hair spray-caked mess after the encounter with the guy he technically killed.
Stumbling down the memory lane where a third part of the floor is still lava, he finds nothing okay and complete enough to let him draw conclusions regarding why he is currently in bed again. Shouldn’t he be in the kitchen if he was in the kitchen?
“I don’t feel entitled,” he snaps. “I’m God. And he’s mine. His heart’s already been in a while,” he reassures himself. “He belongs with me.”
The look Castiel pierces him with puts all those nice and self-assuring theories right into the dump and shuts the fucking lid. Time to reevaluate.
Cas steals yet another kiss from Dean’s mouth, slow and thorough but staying within the confines of decency. Dean plays along with the act and kisses back like the good, loving bride he is. He tastes the baobab, myriads of monsters. He tastes his fate. He hates it.
The thumb of the hand begins to pet Dean’s neck and it feels almost comforting and benign until Castiel speaks. And it has nothing to do with sympathy over thirty years on a rack.
On the other side, silence stands still, swollen and thick like bad air. The voice that answers Dean isn’t Castiel’s.
Crowley snorts. “You still trust him enough to believe that? Amazing. You truly make the perfect wife material. So loyal and supportive. Castiel must be really happy with his choice.”
. It’s a reflection he can keep taking to the grave – this will never change. But now he’s more hungry than proud and he hates this. Closes his eyes, takes a breath (sees the blade calling beneath his eyelids). Tries to roll back into the present but the need is heavy. He has to resurface, he has to. He’s not alone in here (sadly or hopefully or both: in this). Focus.
“I know,” Dean replies, all in ostentatious shrugging, without missing a beat, flat and mostly uncaring, to what poor Castiel visibly not winces but straight out flinches. So hurt, most likely, that it is so easy and obvious for Dean by now to put any blame on him instead of carefully taking it away and throwing it on his own spine.
Castiel puts him down, evacuates the chair and has him sit again, alone this time. Dean silently watches him return to his own chair on the other side that will never, ever be far enough.
“I’ve swallowed worse,” Dean counters, looking Castiel dead in the eye. “You worried ‘cause this isn’t white anymore?” he inquires. And takes a sip. “Have you ever seen spoiled milk? Ever drank it?” he asks, frowning in contempt. “Still can be all in white and misleading. Stinks as fuck, though. This? At least I know what I’m drinking. From the very start to the very end, no tiny font extras to fuck with me later. A rare luxury these days,” he shrugs, takes another sip.
“Fuck,” Cas groans, truly exasperated. Apparently he found them. Wonderful. “Stay right here,” he orders.
“Because, the not-mine, most aesthetically unpleasing amoeba I’ve ever met and never laid an eye on, Dean, anything of value we could try to tell you, the demon-stealing whore could easily extract from you without you even knowing!” Crowley yells, and then, a micro-sized in its lifespan, albeit very pointed silence falls.
There is only one part of the confession that interests Dean and it’s not the empty apology. Cas used the word “sorry” because he saw it in a dictionary. The feeling itself remains foreign to him, if his actions are any indication.
Only side note that comes to mind whether Dean wants it there or nah (and yeah, nah) is that as a token of Castiel’s love Dr Fucker right there makes perfect sense, seeing as that love is fake as crap and none of the sugar in it even tastes good.
“That was weird,” Dean comments uselessly. Castiel ignores his input and burns the collar in his hand. It turns to ash and fades into the ground. This is also weird. “What was this about?”
Dean’s unconscious body lies in front of him stark and mysterious; the desk, this time, is more akin to a make do catafalque than a make do bed. There is something dark and accusatory in Dean’s silent, helpless slumber.
Yeah, he thinks so too. Like, yeah, he loved this person-ish angel guy and he loved Lisa but now he lost both because the person wrapper fell off and it turned out to be like mistaking a blue slushie with windex because a jealous, thirsty assface man-eating God is so not what he fell for and yet he can’t puke it out clean since his insides are scorched at this point, but, you know, oh. What else is there to say.
Castiel's body is too close, too present, too overwhelming. There's a weight crushing Dean’s chest, causing heart to stumble, ripping memories from the back of his head where he buried them deep and far and forever. Castiel's hot labored breath is all over his skin again, his mouth is too close to his eyes, his chest obscures everything he ever knew and he feels him moving between his legs again; like a snake, like something evil, something hungry, something old. Castiel's arms around his waist break him like baobab branches. He can’t.
“Until I do, meet me and my tiny box of kinks in the kitchen when you’re done, Dean,” Castiel declares, deciding the conversation is finished.
The figure of Jesus put dead in the center of the church catches his eye. Dean can’t decide whether he should take his anger out on it and punch it until his knuckles go swollen and raw or if he should simply take a seat in one of the pews and await his darling’s return. He walks towards the statue in the end. Or rather, he tries to do that.
Dean clutches at the sleeve of Cas’s white suit before a rustle of wings can become the only sign of his departure.
Or maybe shoulder-length hair should never be pacified with gnome scissors. Who knows. Point is, in the last half an hour or so, Dean fucked up not only much more than he hoped to, but even more than he thought he'd be capable of up-fucking.
“A heart doesn’t need a context, Dean,” Lucifer points out. “Imagine what he felt when you told me you have the hots for our favorite young lady.”
“That’s their problem. I don’t need those who don’t believe in me. The world doesn’t need them either.”
Before he can even begin to enumerate, Dean is already half elsewhere in his head, wondering if this is going to take long, if he will need snacks, and how the fuck can he obtain a can of coca-cola in here. Brand specific, because monster rugrat apparently has some serious beef with pepsi and won’t settle for less than perfection. And honestly? When bad food preferences are involved, Dean can respect that.
The promise sounds tacky as fuck, but the cheapness of it doesn’t make it any less creepy. This is definitely the cue for him, the whore number two, to either run or throw Cas out of the brothel. Too bad he can’t do any of those things.
His answers, instead, usually provide: bullshit, pneumonia, tuberculosis, dadaism, and generally are the reason why people die of cancer and why Dean can't have nice things.
Looks like he’s in for a comment, he thinks with bitter resignation as he gets off the (vacant! wow!) bed.
“It’s not your camp, anyway,” Dean tells him, while his face does all it can and more to convey a hefty
“Just God being God, making the new world order and giving his hostage-husband a cunt cause he's not gay? At least that’s the vibe I’m getting,” Dean suggests. “Demented? Yes. But complicated? No.”
“You wanna know why Sam said yes? Why Castiel did? Because, buddy, this is something you can thank yourself for.”
“Then at least try to relax and let me ministrate. This won’t be nice if you don’t let me prepare you,” Castiel complains.
Castiel smiles, confident but soft, washed over anew with so much love and pride for his little, little thing, the one that, lost in fear and dark, walks back into the cradle of his warm, careful hands, inevitably and always; there’s no other light for him to walk towards, they both know.
Whatever now lives inside – it hums. Resonates some kind of tranquility within him, but all it does in the end is create a rift between the layers of his consciousness. He’s getting stressed about getting de-stressed. So he gets de-stressed, which stresses him. Rinse and repeat, a perpetuum mobile once set in motion, unlikely to ever stop. The gesture makes him think of petting a whimpering dog to soothe it in fear. It all makes his skin crawl: the pity-born mercy, the pecking order position where he's an animal, a trapped, scared one at that. And the awareness of it simply happening—because he shouldn't be hosting any mojo, any sentient unborns in his body—strips away from him the ability to think clear enough. Which fucking sucks because he needs that one a whole fucking lot right now.
“Then believe me that ultimately the world is better off without you. It always was. You need to be stopped before the monsters are born. And that’s it.”
Dean suggests a break for the night and insists on sleeping in a tent (that he conveniently has in his trunk). Castiel says he doesn’t need to sleep although oddly, he does feel tired. Dean says he’ll need the sleep here and who knows, maybe that’s true. In the slowly waning moonlight he looks like a fox and his eyes scorch him with the color of whiskey as he seems to stare right through him.
“Nobody can be perfect, Cas,” he murmurs. Hesitantly, he places his palm on Castiel’s shoulder even though it makes him want to puke. Will that calm him down? “People hurt each other even if they don’t mean to. It’s a part of the human experience.”
“Fucking hurts the baby,” he blurts out hopelessly since it’s the only thing his brain is willing to help him with right now.
“I, the dove, offer myself to the Lord. I, the lost sheep, return to my shepherd. I, the prodigal child, abandon my past and my wicked ways, for I have seen my transgressions and I have seen my lack of faith, my blinding pride. Those will be no more, for I shall seek the warmth of my Lord and he will embroider me with love, with compassion, he will give me all. I, the long betrothed bride, surrender. My will is his, his is my life, my heart was made to be cradled in his hand.”
“Take care of my brother like you promised. Fix your fucking carnaval down there,” Dean says and places a hand on Castiel’s chest. “Just don’t tell him how I died.”
“Nah, thanks,” Dean says, out of fucks to give at the moment regarding why he is even having this conversation. “Just make sure there's kick-ass cars and guitars in it.”
The real source of his distress isn’t having a vagina (which he secretly hopes is dentata). It all comes down to being forced to do it. With Castiel and by Castiel, who also happened to be the one to have decided that Dean should totally grow a clit. And all the other things.
He can already tell where he is and he doesn’t like it, not one bit. They’re in the master bedroom and this means many things that more or less can be summed up by stating that the time of stalling and fucking around is over. Dean doesn’t have to be a rocket fucking scientist to know what all of this means. They’re not here to sleep, although Dean would kill for a few hours of proper shut eye. He’s worn out as if he were right after a very nasty hunt. One out of which he dragged himself back to the motel half dead. Except that after a job well done and survived, Sam would patch him up while he drank himself even closer to death, so he could seek for an excuse of a respite in his hopefully not hell themed dreams. And that would be as close to heaven as he could get. Close enough.
“Yeah, well I said what I said,” Dean barks back, aims for sounding unaffected and misses. Tries again. “So quit crawling in my head, you cheap parasite and hit me with your best chair.” Okay, now it sounded better. Except for the part where he offered his head to a chair and Castiel can kinda make that suggestion a thing.
“What happened here?” he asks, doubting if there even is a point to asking precise, Winchester-related questions.
“What?” It huffs. “Eaten? Can’t eat the same cookie twice, dum-dum,” it stops mid-thought, reconsiders. “In theory, you can. But for the love of fuck, is it even worth it?”
It answers with a cunning, challenging smile. It wears it with so much pride as if it wore a million dollar wedding dress and was just about to eat both the groom and all his previous lovers alive. This time around, as it sits up once more, every single movement of the body it stole screams with dare and confidence; an echo of power that Castiel hates as a look on Dean, it’s like spitting on his face. It seems to know that.
He runs his hands carefully over his inner thighs again and again for good measure. Curses under his breath. It feels too delicate there, too smooth, even. Not like good old well-worn skin, but kind of… Dean opens his eyes and lifts his leg, supporting it on the edge of the tub, in hope that the muted bathroom lights will deliver enough of an answer. They do, although the “enough” is relative because living his life with injuries in stereo he knows what he’s looking at, but he still doesn’t know what the fuck, which obviously would be the point of the whole exercise. There are large patches of pink, just a tone away from the rest of his skin, visible only if one knows how to look and Dean sadly does. They’re shinier, more fragile, the soft gleam the only thing that makes the wrongness stand out at all. He gives his other thigh a cursory glance and yeah, same.
Dean on his end feels like he's been thrown into an alternate dimension because Castiel's act looks just that convincing and fuck, maybe he even believes that, but it doesn't change the truth that nothing of this is close to what he's really doing and what he's really doing has nothing to do with Dean’s comfort, nothing to do with his happiness, and nothing to do with making things up for him. The only common denominator perhaps is the bit about Castiel’s strength. He really fucking enjoys being strong and in control, now doesn't he.
“Nag?!” Dean laments, incredulous. “I was supposed to be your conscience, your Calliope, but now, in my face, you’re telling me that all I do is nag?!”
“You should see this as a gift, Dean. This is a lifetime opportunity to get more pleasure from sex than you ever received. I can make this good for you. You don’t need to be afraid. You just have to trust me.”
“You son of a bitch, this is insane,” he sneers and before he can think better of it, he throws a fist at Cas’s jaw. This time Castiel doesn’t turn away and the fist connects with solid stone. Dean hisses in pain, there are broken fingers involved. Castiel grabs him by the wrist and squeezes.
They smile, endless, endless, and with disgust, Castiel watches Dean’s face fail to accommodate and splinter under the weight of teeth.
Which they would be, because Dean was working on next ones just now. He guesses the world will never know.
Cas squints, lack of comprehension obvious on his features. The anger, however, slowly seems to recede. Dean has his genuine interest. That’s good.
“Ah, right! Your secret stash of souls! Your other secret stash of souls! Your other - other secret stash of souls! And then what?”
“I can't give you scissors,” so she addresses just the one which remotely makes sense to her. “What the fuck were you thinking?”
“Aww”, the thing coos. “And your pretty little heart knows better? You’re so cute I could eat you, sunshine,” it licks Cas’s lips with a forked tongue.
“Look at me, Dean.” Castiel sighs. “This is how it looks when I don’t clean up,” he points out and it just messes with Dean’s stomach in seven different ways - the way how he says it like it’s nothing. “And I always clean up.” He lets go, finally. Mojos the wounds from his fingers, all the blood off his shit suit, the only testimony of some unknown slaughter, away. Too bad it soaks into Dean’s bones to haunt him instead of being erased as Castiel wants it to be. “Unless I’m interrupted,” he adds pointedly. “I was healing in here. It’s a big house with lots of work to do. Accidents happen. And I tend to what’s mine.”
Castiel’s expression hardens. “You save it. We’re both soldiers and I know you know means to an end when you see one. You too have worked with Crowley. Stop painting yourself pristine.”
“I smote them,” Castiel explains plainly. The ‘they were out of broccoli so I got carrots’ kind of plainly, which is a very creepy way to talk about slaughtering your own kin, if you ask Dean.
“Children,” he starts instead, which is even worse, “you’ve lived through millennia of terrors and paths wrongly chosen by your leaders.” Cas pauses and Dean thinks he sounds like a communist manifesto. “They have led you astray from the grace of God. They buried you in sin and poisoned you with the herbal wine of caricatural freedom.” Another dramatic pause. Also, not that communist anymore. It’s kind of more like the Westboro Baptist Church, actually. Wasn’t it one of theirs that Castiel had choke on his own lies? Funny that. “But this ends now. I will bring you back to sobriety and I will reunite you with true light. You need a firm, caring hand to guide you out of the darkness. Be not afraid, for I am here. And I am more than the way and the truth and the life. I am the end and I am the beginning. It’s a new day on earth and in heaven. The day when you no longer will be lost, when you no longer will be abandoned,” Castiel thunders. Dean wants to know if it’s still the people and angels he’s talking to or just him now. “Through this sacred union, I marry you and we shall finally become one. Through this marriage, I come into your heart. Through this bond, I absolve you and I forgive you,” he says, softer. Yeah, definitely him. “Rejoice!” he roars and beckons Dean with his hand.
“I don't know. I heard others say there was shouting, noise. Then both of you were away. We were ordered to not interfere until otherwise told. Nobody on the master floor.”
There’s a violent pull, there’s noise. There’s Castiel standing right behind Dean with an annoyed face and a ripped out, faintly smoking, receiver wire dangling from his hand.
The look he receives is not just patronizing and belittling to the core. It’s old and knowing, terribly unfit for Dean’s face.
Eventually and with bitter resignation, he goes to Sam’s room and simply fixes him. No effort. It never was. He doesn’t wake him up. Not that he cares about Sam’s possible anger, he just doesn’t want to deal with it yet. Not when Dean’s, well, is not.
just like temporarily excited human rugrats do. Except of feeling like he’s the worst person on Earth aside of his husband, he doesn’t much know what to do about it. It acts like a duck, it talks like a duck but it’s no duck. It’s at least a velociraptor. He can’t kill a fucking baby. But it’s a monster and he knows the rules. Maybe there’s a spell? There has to be a spell. If you can unmake a vampire, you can unmake… well, whatever the fuck this is, right? Before it feeds on non-chickens.
“Can’t have anything that keeps the fight in us going,” Dean fills in the blanks easily because he thinks he knows Cas’s train of thought well by now.
What’s next? Cas is gonna paint him a rainbow as a sign of truce? Of course it’s gonna happen again. Dead guy was right. Dean’s supposed fuck ups will keep coming and so will the repercussions.
“I’M NOT GONNA SWOOP IN EVERYTIME THE COMA SLUT DEFIES CASTIEL AND MAKES THINGS GO TO HELL FOR NO REASON! LET HER DO THE EXPLAINING IF SHE’S SO PRECIOUS! GO TELL HER THAT!”
“You’re sorry it didn’t pan out,” Dean whispers in accusation. “I wish you were sorry you did this.”
“Yeah, Castiel,” Dean chimes in. “What do we need hellspawn for?” The hold on his neck tightens and Dean tenses involuntarily. “I think we asked the wrong question, pal,” he grins at Crowley triumphantly. “Let’s ask a different one. How important is tentacle baby-flavored ice cream to you, Cas?”
Dean carefully puts everything else back as he first found it and closes the cabinet. He evacuates his sorry thief gnome ass from the floor he’s not worth of being on and hides away in the master bedroom. Unease is twisting his guts because he knows he ain’t done yet and now is the time for the shittiest part of his idea. And it has a solid 97 percent chance of backfiring directly into his face, so there’s that.
The saddest goddamn thing is that in the past days of his countless spells and wards, picket fence life there was nothing, absolutely nothing, solid enough to support that stupid conviction, and Dean knew it, but foolishly went for benefit of a doubt as if Castiel in any way deserved it at this point. As if giving it to anyone who he ever let close to himself and then got double crossed by wasn’t the exact thing that always, without a single exception and without abuse of trust, would come back to bite him in the ass so hard there was very little of him left to gather later.
“You just don’t,” he says calm and collected, although the threat in his eyes is more than noticeable.
This one was so loud it was capable of interrupting any alien butt probing and have the large headed nerds hit floors with brooms to tone that shit down.
In the relatively not distant past the idea of having sex with Cas would make Dean’s entire being shudder. Would make him excited and afraid. Would make him wonder, most of all. How it is to kiss him, taste him, feel every single pore of Cas’s skin beneath his hand. Would put a body into the always terrifyingly fascinating question of how it’s like to fuck a man – for a while now Cas ghosted in those fantasies, star number one. But now that’s it’s about to happen: in this state, in these circumstances, in this context – surprisingly (or unsurprisingly, Dean’s mind supplies), Dean feels nothing. He’s being goddamn pragmatic about this (so is Cas, removing his clothes with eerie casualness while Dean still ponders). What he thinks is about that if anyone, Cas included, thinks Dean stashes lube in a drawer near the bed, or anywhere for that matter, they’re wrong. But the panic is shredded away from him like layers of old skin, old life. It all seems so natural and businesslike – the very fact that it has to happen. The eternal
“I get all tingly when you take control like that,” he chuckles, but does as told anyway while Castiel magically finds enough time to roll his eyes at that. He heals Dean’s wrists again and thinks away all the blood. Both the skin and the shirt are now stainless clean and they lack the shameful failure of Dean’s doing. Dean’s smile vanishes when he sees this. “This is the opposite of fixing that,” he points out. “This isn’t how things should be,” he says, panicked. “It’s bad enough that I’m here.”
Castiel’s only comment is to snap his fingers and unbind him. “I’m going to be busy and you don’t really care anyway, so...” He shrugs. “Leave.”
And as his hand always stopped mid-motion last moment before it would be swallowed by Castiel’s orbit, before it’s too late, before it touches and the act can’t unhappen, it stops now, on the same muscle memory of shame. And it is then that Dean realizes he almost fell into that trap where the million-legged spider God would eat him.
Dean doesn’t know how that’s possible, but to him they sound pissed. He’s getting really good at this. Like reading his own father’s minute movements and smallest sounds of the things his merciless hands touched before they would start to speak in the ancient tongues of violence. Maybe better. Maybe this time around he learns faster.
“Dean,” comes unmistakably Bobby's voice, shaken and worried in a way Dean hasn't heard in a long, long while. “Is that you? How are you even calling?”
“I want to go to hell,” he concludes, meaning every word. Not because of the pussy, since it’s not the end of the world, but because of the end of the world that is currently happening. In general.
Crowley raises his eyebrows, but snaps his fingers and disappears. Dean stares at the space where he stood. He wishes he could do that, too.
Dean sighs very loudly and sits up rapidly. He doesn’t want to lie next to this thing, whether it has any connotations or not. “What do you want?” he asks, voice too fucking tired to even sound properly angry.
“Good,” Castiel murmurs with pride and reaches under the veil, uncovering Dean’s face. He places his warm palm on his reddened cheek. It still stings. Currently though, his eyes sting a lot more. In retrospect, he should have asked Nadya if the mascara is waterproof. “Now show it.”
“The back yard?” Dean suggests whiningly because to him it was kind of obvious. “Something wrong with it?”
Cas leaves. Sam doesn’t bring it up until he gets two worrying texts and a phone call from Claire. When he mentions it to Dean, he’s ruthlessly cold about it. Meanwhile, he’s gotten detached and a bit aggressive, his previous also worrying warmth simply gone.
Nice lie, nice pie on his plate, but no, they’ve never been any of those things, certainly not together.
“Oh, but I will be having it in the kitchen regardless,” Dean assures. “All these scents will surely have me faint,” he drawls, getting some twisted sense of fun he knows he will later deeply regret, but shit, he just can’t help it. “I will stay in my sweet abode, alone, with my good old barbiturates, some silence will do me plenty of good. I think I’m having a migraine too? You think I could be having a migraine, Cas?”
“In moments like these I have to remind myself that I can’t blame you for seeing it this way. It’s not your fault that you’ve been conditioned to fight against emotional warmth and resent it with all you have. It’s not your fault you deny yourself any rights to it. It’s not your fault you can’t even tell what love is as you have never been loved. When I show my love to you, you have no idea what’s going on and that scares you, doesn’t it? It’s not your fault, Dean.”
Not just touched, if Dean’s words are to be trusted. Even if they aren’t (as they often aren’t), his voice was, this time. His raw, desperate pain echoed through Castiel’s core and made the foundations of his glory tremble, a howling wind demanding to be heard. Ignoring that outburst, while tempting, would only make Dean more difficult and uncooperative in the long run; such a waste, considering how much progress there was already, in so little time. There is, as well, the more jarring issue of property trespassing - the very thought of something entering his Dean, his house, makes him boil with unforgivable insult.
“Do you want me to teach you a lesson that bad, Dean? Tell me. Do you want me to, really? Is this how you want me to excite you? I can do that just for you. In many ways. So do reconsider.”
are something that occurs on somewhat daily basis and with each one Dean is more convinced that he’s right. It reached a cartoony level of stubbornness and Dean is positive he saw something predatory flash in Castiel’s face at least once when he said his usual line of “that’s all there is to me.” Dean might have shuddered, but if asked, he will deny. But what makes Dean convinced for sure that Cas isn’t Cas and has him lose the very last remains of his hope happens more than a month after he and Cas began their tango of awkwardness. Cas explains he wants to restore the ecological balance on Earth. That there should be more wildernesses, that the Earth shouldn’t be infested with humans to the extent it is now. His very vaguely explained plan involves wiping out an entire country and making it the land where lion can play with the lamb. Dean’s furious.
“Lost? What do you mean: lost?!,” Castiel huffs, incredulous to the last smallest bone that he once hijacked and stole.
“Yes, the betrothed is how you call him,” Death hums. “But the outcome and the intent are quite the same, aren’t they?”
But, since he honestly has no other options that wouldn’t involve the grand finale of slaughtering innocents while he watches, Dean fucking moves. Onward to Cas’s victory it is, then. His legs are suddenly weak and his breath melts into the back of his lungs and throat. In his head, the “Married with children” theme starts to play and there is no way he can make it stop because fuck his life threefold. Trying to ignore everything that is so desperate to wreak havoc in his body, he makes it to Cas’s side, where he allegedly now belongs (not without regrets).
Warm, so incredibly warm and sweet and Dean hates it, the weight of his name on Castiel's tongue, always so soft and reverent and kind, until Dean uses the angels' least favorite syllable one time too many or in the least convenient context and the facade cracks and he's reminded what's beneath. Sometimes it's just so easy to get lost and fooled for a moment when the tone wraps around him, ripe with memories of what it meant before, of a world, life and a love lost, gone. Except for, maybe, leftovers of his own, hanging on fine threads of absence of anything else.
“Sometimes things just die,” he offers, shimmying out of his shirt. It, alongside the jacket, lands in the spacious trunk fit for a pro-eco family of five. The suspenders soon follow, leaving Dean in a black t-shirt that reveals a sinful amount of skin and Castiel fails to look away. Secondly though, it reveals a print of a panther and he reminds himself of that mysterious shape in the woods. This explains a whole lot.
Dean sighs. Tries to regain composure and keep his voice down. “Why did he take your goddamn name away?”
He walks and he walks and there’s nothing but the static sound of pain and pinecones crumbling beneath his feet. No leaves on the trees move nor hum, they have no need to. They aren’t really alive. They’re just there. Part of mise en scène, nothing more. Among the nearly cardboard-cutout flora, there is no fauna at all. Not that Castiel hears, not that he sees. Beneath his touch, everything rots. And as he touches, all cuts into silence for a morbid moment before sobs roll out of nowhere in its place. Each time it happens, Castiel needs to wipe tears from his face all over again. Eventually he stops touching anything at all. The light doesn’t seem to get any closer. Every now and then a dark shape flickers among the trees not far ahead of him, either in patrol or in guidance. Doesn’t matter at the moment. It can’t be any threat to him even if it really, really tried - and it doesn’t. He focuses on the trail, on the light, on Dean.
“Let’s find out,” Cas smiles, the most charming thing his face ever contorted into, proof number nine billion of shit being so, so wrong and alieny in him these days.
“Sure thing, honey. In a jiffy. Just tell me whose blood is that, bitch!” Dean shouts so hard aliens probably heard.
He would throw up, but there’s nothing in his stomach, nothing. He washes his face and hair instead, infuriated over how troublesome this is with a cut that isn’t anywhere near close to his scalp. He’s got no idea how Sam survives this every other day.
“So you’re both mental and sentimental.” Okay, that sounded better in his head. “Oldest city, yeah? What is it?”
“What I did to you?” Castiel begins part offended, part disbelieving, if the turmoil on his face is supposed to be a goddamn clue.
“I'm sorry,” that dirty mouth whispers back, still touching him. “I promised to give you time. I promised to give you space... It's just so hard for me to have you and not have you. My hands never stop yearning, Dean. They love you so much, they let you go too many times, and I just don’t know…” He sighs, full of pain and being a psycho fuck. “But it's alright.”
“Justice is a hammer, Dean,” he says and heals Dean’s hand. “Remember that. Please, rethink this,” he says, kissing the upper side of his palm lightly.
“I want you to participate. I want you to feel the responsibility of creating a new life. I want you to know that it’s not only mine, but also yours. I want you to feel and embrace our new union.”
This is gonna be nothing like it, obviously. Nothing like the post hunt meaningless lays, either. And nothing like the sex he’s already had with Cas, probably, although this is deemed to be the closest possible thing. Remembering his own recent memories of these too eventful experiences, he sighs, hopeless and somewhat accepting. It’s not like he has choices, after all. Cas has just shown him he shouldn’t even want to have them, not anymore. Unless he really feels like having fresh blood on his hands, now quite literally, which he doesn’t. His every single “no,”, “I can’t” or “I won’t” is a harbinger of death, so he ideally should erase those phrases from his dictionary and those concepts from his mind. At least for the next few hours.
His hands don’t squeeze him fury-hard as they manhandle (godhandle?) and lift Dean, but they hold like they own him and that’s worse, somehow. Turned around to meet him face to face, he sees nothing in Castiel’s eyes but his stern focus on efficiency.
“Yeah. I’m supposed to take you someplace,” he says upon standing up. He grabs his suit jacket. “So get ready.”
Castiel raises his right hand and waits until it gets Dean’s attention. He slightly bends his little finger.
“No, of course not.” Castiel reaches for Dean’s perfectly manicured palm and kisses it piously, biting slightly at his knuckles because apparently his need to eat Dean in every imaginable way is just that strong. “Of course not,” he repeats as if it was supposed to reassure him somehow. Yeah, shit. Dean yanks his hand away and thoroughly ignores the fact that Castiel looks genuinely hurt with the chew toy and aperitif that Dean’s hand is, having been so abruptly taken from him.
Something inside Dean’s chest drops dead. Could be only his breath, could be his very heart just as well. Doesn’t matter what it was. It probably will stay dead, anyway.
Which is interesting because Dean’s bathroom aside, there is a rule not to close any doors in the house. The thing about doors is that if Castiel doesn’t want them somewhere and feels like keeping things (Dean) in, he just cancels the fucking doors.
“Come and do what, exactly.” One, he’s starting to feel mildly guilty here and that’s shit. Two, he already knows he’s coming. “Just fucking explain.”
“Amazing,” Castiel almost purrs, eyes greedily raking over Dean. “That I finally have you here. Waiting for me to take you.”
The dissonance managed to cloud his judgment at first and it was a terrible mistake. He should have stabbed him back then, at Bobby’s, when Castiel was still perfectly stabbable. There were enough of red flags raising alarm in his guts to justify that. But no. He selfishly hoped he would talk Cas out of this. Would he do that now if he could? Would he kill him? Does he hate him enough yet? The fact that he’s still asking himself instead of daydreaming about it with his hand in his pants, rather suggests that the answer is no. It also suggests that he’s fucked in the head. And that he deserves whatever is about to happen to him.
He’d expect “God” to have more books. More things. The very few shelves are scarce in belongings. Musty incunabula in languages he’s never fucking seen before. Books that aren’t much younger. Might as well be Voynich saga extensions, all of them. The only thing he can vaguely decipher is the meaning of some empty spots having less dust than the others. Other than that? No pig to poke here.
Illinois’s done nothing wrong. For once, Dean doesn’t care. He’s done nothing wrong either. Sometimes people just get screwed, no matter how hard they try. Like him. He tried so damn hard. He reasoned, he explained, he apologized, he excused, he believed. He begged, he broke down, he put those pretty gifts on, down to the gold wreath-shaped necklace (which Cas insists is not a collar). He even sucked dick like he meant it (that is a miracle since he really, really did not). First for Cas, then for Sam, lastly for what formerly was the Russian Federation and is now about to be “Dean’s Garden”. And this is a very shitty name because:
“So,” here comes a valiant attempt to change the subject into something less revolving about maniacal and possessive manslaughter, “we’re abroad, huh?”
He walks through the crypt and ignores their yelling, something about spoons, if he got it right. Castiel takes in his reserve of souls and decides to take in some more than enough to properly refill. He doesn’t want anything like this to happen to him again. And he feeds.
“But I’m responsible for you. You were a child but I taught you wrong. I drew a sheep but forgot the muzzle. I’m fixing my mistake.”
Castiel embraces him from behind, his hold firm but careful. He buries his chin in the crook of Dean’s neck and exhales happily. The sun falls, and falls, and falls. Dean stands still, hopeless and done. The sunset gives him nothing.
There’s awe, bright as day. And something more. Something that makes disgust well under his skin. Where are the good old days when Cas was scared of hookers? Now he clearly sounds like he wants to sink into one (that’d be him, by the way) real bad. The lily white asshole dress he’s wearing isn’t revealing and has a rather nonsensical number of layers in his opinion and yet, he’s desperate to cover himself, unable to take the wanton scrutiny of Castiel’s gaze with any dignity, even though lace hides him from neck to wrists. There’s no dignity in this, anyway. The woman in the mirror is trembling and she can’t seem to stop.
“Was it not for the lack of an appropriate water dispenser in our hands, we would have sprayed you. The look you have on that fake human face is heebful and jeebful in plenties. If only Dean could see, if only he could hear what’s in store for him. You have this complex where you need him so bad to respect you, to be aware that you’re so much more than what you wear, need him to understand there are bigger things than the things that are already bigger than him. You think forgetting that and taking you as a sum of your visible parts that’s somewhere around equal to him gets him in trouble, don’t you?”
“This is humiliating,” Dean groans while he can still be coherent about this. “You made your point, now let me down. I don't want to sit so close to your dick when I really don't have to.”
“And how is that any different? You literally gave me an uterus, Cas. To breed me. You made me memorize and spill the dumbest fucking speech I’ve ever read. When did you write that crap down, by the way? Never mind. You made me do things I didn’t want to do and act out what I didn’t feel. This pretty much is messing with me and treating me like a dog, at least by my standards.”
He can feel something on his skin, so he breaks the kiss and opens his eyes. Here it is, a rain of flowers he can’t name, engulfing them. He lets out a small, weary sigh but says nothing. Soon it’s probably gonna start raining monkeys.
“Like you’ve shown him when you kicked him out or when you punched him half to death?” Satan asks innocently. “Or when I was taking care of him in the cage and you were licking Sammy’s wounds?”
Doesn’t seem like a lot. There has to be some crap woven into this, he’s certain. “So what’s the small font here.”
“I wonder why,” Dean spits dryly. “Any bright ideas why it might not work anymore other than me not giving a single fuck about you and your shit? What are you gonna blame, the economy in general or just the democrats?”
So he’s fucking surprised when the aura of Dean’s heart sends him down on all fours, trembling and weeping with no control over the human-shaped manifestation of his divinity. In fact, the term of surprise, in the context of matching the intensity of the currently experienced emotion, to Castiel seems to be so far inadequate it doesn’t fit at all, even though it’s bound to be the closest thing. Somehow, even the word “communism” appears to be more fitting in comparison, despite being neither an adjective nor an emotion. Although knowing Dean, he’d probably bitterly say it can be an emotion if one tries hard enough. Castiel’s second try on cataloguing his emotions on the subject of Dean’s aura ends with a concoction of considering himself assaulted and humiliated that is neatly wrapped by the phrase “bitch slapped.” It’s thick like tar and screaming with pure suffering, the feeling suffocating him and shoving itself down his throat. But Castiel is more and better than that so the shock of first encounter quickly recedes and he lets Dean’s pain fall away into something dull and peripheral. And he thinks, this is caricatural. The thought that this pain might be honest in its intensity, he discards immediately. This has to be yet another petty, little act meant to have him regret his actions and yield, shame digging into him like gravel into bare skin. It’s the same as every disgusted or pained look given to him in an accusation, supposed to undo every Castiel’s “no.” “It’s like every single “we’re done,” every hissed taunt of “then do it,” every imaginable “you don’t love me enough.” It’s the fake-suicide chair in the panic room all over again. A design founded on guilt tripping and teary eyes, one that used to work on him like a charm for far too long. He’s never hurt Dean like this, not how the manifestation of Dean’s soul is implying.
“Exactly,” Dean smiles sphinx-like. “And I think your understanding of fixing stuff is utter shit, but I still gotta do my part here. So not that I need to care.”
He will see it, he's sure, in Castiel's eyes any moment now, the exact second he catches up with the change of Dean's expression and decides he doesn't like it.
They both contemplate the counter set in uncomfortable silence, considering the possibilities. Dean is genuinely sorry for whatever visuals Nadya is currently having. He’s having them too. His empty stomach is begging him for a permission to throw up with anything, even itself.
In not exactly companionable silence, they make it close to the shore. Hanging on the warm, pinkish sky, soon the sun will go down and cover them in pale colors of dusk. Dean stares at the glimmering surface of endless water and contemplates taking Castiel’s hand, leading them both to it to submerge and never reappear. Just die. This is the only ending they deserve and it happens to be the only one that could help the world at this point. He just can’t bring himself to do it. Partially because he doubts Castiel would drown anyway, but there’s more to it than that. Something Dean resents himself for very deeply. Ashes of the burning love that once was, still mar the walls of his heart. He can’t cleanse them, doesn’t know how to. Doesn’t even try. He releases the angry air he’s been holding and sags. He gives up.
He does remember it just fine, but it won’t stop him from tweaking it up a little bit when the time comes.
“You?” Dean cuts in in disbelief. “Responsible? Cas, you were convinced you had thorns that could scare off tigers. But you were just a child, Cas. A terrified kid who broke everything.” Dean finally puts away his tools and washes his hands in a basin placed nearby. “Because you didn’t trust me. And then you’ve manipulated me into this because you didn’t trust me to make my own choice. You broke Sam and then you bribed me with him. Why?”
His hand hovers above the receiver unsurely, because this is not exactly something he's got a good feeling about. From his experience, the more inconspicuous an innocent, benevolent thing looks, the worse it turns out to be when paying time rolls around.
“No, I forgot about it,” he answers and earns himself a deep frown. Out of again nowhere, Dean conjures another glass. It’s almost cartoony.
“This is my action, not yours. Don’t pin this onto yourself. You did all you could to raise him and keep him safe. You did more than your father, more than your mother. You did everything except for listening to me, of course. But none of that matters now, you’re here. You’re fixing your mistake,” Cas offers in some putrid facsimile of compassion, but at least he keeps his hands to himself.
Dean can’t see if Castiel is in any way offended or even affected. But, since walking past him he has the nerve to put a hand on his arm and kiss his cheek in lieu of a more entitled greeting (seriously? He just fucking washed himself now he’s filthy again), he’s probably not.
“No,” Dean states firmly. “Besides, you’re too weak to pull me back in. The purge has drained you like it should.”
“That’s... festive,” Crowley finds his tongue to comment after a small, but an impossibly awkward silence on everyone’s end.
Dean’s mouth slowly cracks into a bitter grimace as he backs away in disgust. “You drove right into my head to check it. Has nothing to do with believing me.”
But if he hates him all the while, all the time, in every painful second, and with every ounce of his cat-boxed presence, well, is he?
Too late to fix, too late to do anything at all, because it’s not like something has gotten broken here, nah — it never had a solid chance to be fine in the first place. Whatever weak ones Dean had to make it right, he wasted. Took baobabs for rosebuds just because he wanted them so bad. Now he keeps losing and losing.
“I see how it is. You want a dog that still barks sometimes so it would resemble a dog and would not take your ass down the uncanny valley and creep you out with staring at you and doing nothing because it doesn’t own an independent thought. But you don’t want it to bother you with long walks and shitting on your carpet. Or shitting at all. You know what you should do? Go and get a fucking Furby. Are there still Furbies out there or have you destroyed them as well because they didn’t fit your vision of a perfect world?”
“Sam’s soul has spent nearly two hundred years in the cage. This isn’t easy to undo and you know that. You’ve been to hell for four decades. Years have passed and you’re still broken.”
He isn't really sure how he managed to do this, but he somehow stares at the goddamn can in equal parts with infuriation and resignation. Even though he has a lot of time to try to decide whether Castiel is being half deaf, that culturally illiterate, or just a full time dick, he doesn't think he wants to.
“I’ve been sent here to assist you,” Nadya says with amazing calm as if nothing moved her at all. “He said you’re feeling unwell and might need help.” Dean doesn’t respond with anything so it gives her time to think. “If you got nausea or cramps I can make you some herbs and give you a few tips later on,” she adds softer, but not much softer in general. “I’ve been there.”
“Casss,” Dean wheezes, kind of hurt because he didn’t expect that blow and for now that troubles him more than the blood pooling around him slowly. “Come on.”
. “I always gave away everything to save your life, Dean. Even if you hated it, even if you failed to see good behind my reasoning. All for you. And you give me this,” he huffs. Leaves bitter
Ohhhhh, this is familiar. For two reasons. Dean hates both and isn’t sure which one more at the moment. It’s a small manicure kit. He remembers the file too well. He’d love to throw this fucking thing directly into the biggest available fire, but, just his luck, there’s none. Still, what is at least available, is a really microscopic pair of scissors.
His word is exactly what Dean is being afraid of. That and that hand and being lovingly called a pigeon. Especially the latter. Dean already had all the time in the world to notice that the new and improved Yahweh is pretty fixated on intimacy. Now, how that intimacy is understood exactly is yet to unravel, but Dean certainly can’t say he’s a big fan of finding out. It’s just a hand on his back, he tells himself. It’s just the two of them. And the world. While Castiel is the boa constrictor pretending to be a fucking hat.
“Dean,” it’s strained now, a whiff of wind before a wall of rain hits you in the face kinda thing. Dean can’t help but wonder if it’s “next time” time yet.
He hasn’t been this relieved to breathe fresh air for a while now. That would probably have a lot to do with the fact that he was locked up in that fucking house for more than a month and got to see the world only through windows which don’t even open. The last time he had to rediscover how much of a luxury crisp air happens to be, was when he crawled out of his own grave. Funny how he got out today for the sole purpose of throwing himself back into it. Because that’s exactly what the wedding is for him: a funeral.
“No,” Castiel speaks with such patronizing softness and it makes Dean’s insides contort in shame. “You’re an idiot. Tell me, Dean. Which is worse?”
Then Dean begins to move. The blade sings with fire. Castiel’s hips find the melody, the rhythm, the core at which they want to claw. And Dean, he howls, burying fingernails into Cas’s stomach, searching restlessly for the hidden treasure. His breath is hot, Castiel feels it echo over his face, as Dean foretells and promises, like the otherworldly drugged prophet he is, “You’re dead and I killed you.” He rolls his hips and takes him like a wave of an ocean as he repeats, “With this I’ve killed you.” To prove his point, he retreats and slams back down, yanking an ungodly groan out of Castiel’s throat. “Cause I should’ve kicked you out, begging for you to spit it the fuck out,” he explains, voice swollen with pain but burning with need. “But I sure as fuck won’t,” he snarls, fucking himself onto Castiel’s dick with shameless abandon. He’s never seen him looking so debauched, not even in his dreams and he so, so deeply regrets he hasn’t made him come undone like this before (so many wasted years, his mind supplies, disappointed).
Dean laughs in small, desperate half hiccups and wants to die in a way he hoped he would never have to crave death again ever since Sam learned the truth.
“That is rich, Dean,” Castiel snarls, all that patronizing softness washed away, true colors showing. “Weren't you the one to decide their lives for them? Weren't you the one to demand me to erase the very memory of you from the hospital and the whole cul de sac? Weren’t you, most of all, deciding their fates when you showed up sad and lonely and whimpering on that little doorstep and begged to be taken in? Didn't you know what always happens to those that come close to you? Didn't you, sweetie? Even Sam let you know, reminded you, but prey tell, you did what?” Castiel smiles, sinister and powerful, every note of his voice worse than ice. “So maybe, just maybe, since you at that point at least understood you don't know how to yield right, that you don't know how to stop barking and biting hands that are much, much bigger than yours, you shouldn't have crossed that woman's fucking doorstep, Dean!” Castiel thunders, throwing his fists at the table, making both Dean and every single plate jump.
And just like that, he loses two. Now he’s at -5661 decency points. Coulda been -5659. Coulda been so beautiful.
He watches Dean come out of the cabin and punches the wall with his hopeless, idle hand. Fuck things.
He shares a confused look with Crowley. They both must be wondering whether Cas was being sarcastic or not. Dean doesn’t know what the safe route is here, so he fucks it entirely and goes straight to venom.
“Your leverage relies solely on the danger of your bitch fits. Orange’s gonna roll away to a happier place when you go docile. You sure you ready to risk that?”
Dean turns his head in Nadya's direction, but her face gives away nothing. She glances at him briefly but doesn't bother to offer an explanation unprompted. She doesn't even look interested in giving one prompted, if Dean wants to be honest with what he reads off her.
What is definitely not normal and to worry about is the part about having to fucking snap awake from
“I’m his favorite chew toy. You take it away, he’s gonna take it out on everybody. You just wanna make him angry for the sake of making him angry? Don’t bother. I do that all the time. Does it look like it has any fucking benefits?”
“Whatever happened to not seeing the bride before the wedding,” he says flatly, trying to hide the leftover emotions he’s still capable of having.
Behind him, Castiel stills and freezes. Dean feels him let out a devastated breath. Castiel kisses his neck chastely. Dean still cringes.
He saunters down, mindful not to gain too much attention. Isn’t all that hard since a) he’s the bitch whose very existence ended up putting into this house everyone that’s currently living in it and b) from an outsider’s point of view he’s the thing that seems to be periodically: screaming, then dropping dead, then respawning at some point later.
“The dress, Dean,” Crowley corrects, cringing probably at the unbearable levels of nonsense. “I was referring to the dress.”
Cas’s expression shifts nearly one hundred eighty degrees. He gives Dean The Look. The last time Dean was given it, he said the last time he was given it, he got laid. He said that to Cas, joking. Now Cas is giving it to him for real.
“There is only one thing you need to know about him,” she says, harder and colder than she’s ever been so far. “He volunteered to be here, Dean.”
Next surge, much stronger than the first. Dean groans and lets go of the handle, breathing so hard and sharp the still air of the room is cutting his nostrils. Castiel crouches to meet him eye level. “I will, when it’s time to collect you, dove,” he says gently with the same sweet insulting tone and blesses him with wave three. Dean falls on his back, can’t move, and knows if his stomach decides to puke now, he’s done for. “What’s the matter, Dean? We’re not even in double digits yet. There’s still a long way to seven decades.”
“No wonder the hooker threw you out. Your dirty talk is plain scary. This ain’t how you get a girl’s panties wet.”
But he can’t have Crowley know that, of course. Mostly because he doesn’t want him to find out he’s already had far too much sex with the thing that stands next to him and holds him definitely too tight for normalcy. Doesn’t want him to realise how easily he got tricked, how stupid and naive he was. Doesn’t need him to know anything, for that matter. They’re not friends. They won’t be friends.
He washes his face, cleans the sink and makes his way to the living room. He stares at the TV in growing worry, but turns it on eventually. There’s only one channel now and it shows the sign “More gospel at 6. Be faithful and pray.” Dean turns it off, it has to be far from six yet.
“Hold your horses, Patty Hearst. True, I gave him the means to open Purgatory, but I did not plant this particular idea into his head. Or the ones that preceded it. My hands are clean.”
Technically, it was leaving him to marinate in alcohol and plenty, plenty of Sam themed nightmares, including: Sam in hell - tortured, Sam dying - stabbed, Sam lying on Bobby’s bed just like he does currently (all the time now), but dead. In this aspect, they’re pretty monothematic, but combined with the fact that Sam is getting worse and he doesn’t wake up anymore, it works. When Castiel comes the second time four nights later, Dean already knows he’s going to say yes and regret it. Not like he’s got any other options. He’ll figure this out when Sam’s back to normal. Without him, he somehow can’t even think straight. He’s still pissed his weakness is again used against him by someone who claims to love him. The pain from Cas breaking Sam’s wall is still livid and bright and it hurts even more because it was Cas, not this, who did this.
Definitely not the purely theoretical reason why he’s still breathing, putting up with this shit. Right now he doesn’t remember that one and contemplates performing repeated defenestration until death sticks.
The people in Hell, they don’t compare. He slices and dices them anyway. Can’t leave his hands idle when they need, when they mourn. He breaks bones with artistry, plays them like instruments. He always liked good music. He waits for something. Not all of his racks are taken. The empty spaces are so bright. They keep getting his attention akin to a magpie mesmerized by shiny trash. His bride will fill the voids when he gets her.
This is the place where Castiel would simply leave him be, let him marinate in pity as long as Dean needed; a sanctuary he never bothered to cross, didn’t need lines of salt nor holy fire to keep himself at bay. All the protection sufficient was that he didn’t think to care. He does now, and Dean doesn't quite know what to do with the wilted sentiment he should now probably throw away, since it will do him no good.
“Well, have you ever learned Sanskrit?” Castiel asks to which Dean approaches with the universal frown for
“So you can pop the cherry, draw my first blood for your sick satisfaction or whatever,” Dean rants, upset. “It still won’t make you my first, not in any way that matters,” he decides to clarify.
“Guess then I can tell him to tone that crap down,” he tries to shrug and winces. “What’s the worst thing that can happen?”
“I know that and don't worry, this is just dinner here, although I think I personally enjoy it much better this way. And considering how your alternative is for me to temporarily decide where your legs are going to take you, I think you will agree that this really is nicer. Isn't it nicer, Dean?”
“It’s very sad you feel so hurt by a threat that is, essentially, just perceived and not real,” Castiel says, his tone making it feel more like a preamble to something both dangerous and stupid than anything on the sadness palette or even anything vaguely related.
Can he even consider himself awake, aware and conscious with a nope the size of a small underrated canyon, all filled with (rusty by now)
“Just try to think of all the good things that are about to come. You always dig at your wounds and then act surprised when they hurt. Why?”
And yeah, never had a thing for other people’s boundaries, that guy. Now he has that thing even less, fuck given so scarcely it’s would be the new smallest particle known to man if any scientist had the proper tools to measure and the balls to simply approach it.
“Not really,” Dean shrugs as he fiddles with getting the razor setting right. “Given enough time, I could easily kill and destroy everything in here that isn’t him and I’m fairly sure that given even more time I could run very, very far, just by having usable tools,” he comments casually and earns a frown from Nadya’s face. “Like bigger scissors or this clipper here.”
“You wait here,” Nadya instructs. “I need tools, so I'll have to speak with the asshole,” she says with disgust.
