” He let one hand stroke up into Tony’s hair, cradling his head with a heated tenderness, whispering closer, “all this time I thought there were all these terrible things that had happened to me - but they’re not terrible things. They’re such small challenges, such small sacrifices, for something like
“Steve hates the word unnatural” Bucky informed Tony, in a pointed tone. Prompting the conversation ahead.
matter. It was intoxicating. It was almost tempting to hold onto this moment – if he weren’t wound so tight by now, if wasn’t so desperate to
means that, if we make an attempt to take them down, it has to work – do you understand?” Steve added. And Zan gave a tiny little nod, in spite of herself.
He let that feeling tug him forward, a tingling release rolling up his legs as he fell into step. His shoulders loosened, allowing a warm, watery sensation to soak up through his muscles, rushing to fill the gap.
Well, not the place itself – the place itself was beautiful. Just walking into the lobby, Tony could see The Facility was more opulent than anywhere he’d ever been. Every individual element was
of the variables. After three weeks of background research, all they knew about The Facility was that it was a retreat for wealthy couples... That was
Suddenly, Steve felt like a lovestruck teenager, watching his crush from the side lines – not sure whether he wanted Tony to notice him or not. Not sure whether he was delighted for this chance to be with Tony or desperate to get out of it. If this felt strange, or bad, or…not.
“...I just - I don’t really know what I think is going to happen now…” Tony struggled on, the blush darkening as he forced himself to maintain eye contact. “And really, that just means I never thought I’d actually be in this situation - I’ve never even asked myself if…
to do this next bit. That it had occurred to him, and he’d dismissed it, because it wasn’t really on the theme and it wasn’t really to do with Steve-
“Sorry, Captain. Can’t go too fast or we risk making the injury worse.” The paramedic winces while the other one keeps himself busy keeping pressure on the wound.
Steve leaned forward and released Tony’s hips to instead brace on the desk on either side of him. It made a sound shake from Tony and he rose to steady himself on one hand, and then reached back and grabbed Steve’s hip with the other.
It was the only thing Tony could think about for the first five minutes of the walk he and Steve were taking down to their favorite hot dog cart, Tank happily trotting loose leash by Steve’s side.
Strong sexual content. Breath play. Tony sucked so much dick in his early twenties (shout out to my boy Lucien!). Porn without plot. Smut. Both of them like being on the receiving end.
With one hard press Tony popped through the ring of muscle, and he shoved his way inside. The action is accompanied by both of them moaning. It was relief, it was pleasure, and it was a little bit of pain. It was what they needed.
Meanwhile, Tony got refamiliarized with what blushing felt like. After all that he’d done and been judged for publically, very few things could embarrass him anymore. Except apparently a cheesy nickname.
Which left one person, but that didn’t make sense either. Why would Steve bring him coffee? He wasn’t obligated to, the workshop wasn’t on Steve’s way somewhere, and he’d only recently stopped shooting Tony glares of disapproval. Besides, Steve seemed like the type who would eventually lecture Tony about implementing a regular sleeping and eating schedule.
“What the hell were you thinking?” Steve rounded on Tony, words booming with the built up force of restraining himself until they were behind closed doors.
“Alright, doll. Can’t be getting in with your clothes on.” Steve murmured, his voice lilting with the Brooklyn drawl it sometimes took on. His hands moved fluidly to both support Tony and slip his shirt over his head. The only help Tony offered was stepping out of his pants.
For a few minutes Tony kept his face hidden, his breaths hitching and pulse spiraling. When he lifted his head his red rimmed eyes met Steve’s name with resigned defeat.
His only two options flashed through Tony’s mind. Go ahead and bring back help, or drag Steve the rest of the way. So really he only had one option. Tony couldn’t leave Steve behind. Wouldn’t. He maneuvered around him, and shifted Steve’s body so his back was against Tony’s legs. Taking a deep breath, Tony looped his arms under Steve’s armpits and walked backwards.
“That’s my man.” Tony softened, and ran a hand down Steve’s arm to squeeze his hand. “You can go back to being maniacally obsessive about saving the world tomorrow.” Now that Steve had acquiesced the doors slid open, revealing their floor of the tower.
A hand landed on his shoulder and he struck out, intent on landing at least one punch today. The person easily caught it, but they didn’t use the hold to twist his wrist, or hold him in place.
Even enraged as he was Steve sensed it and stilled for a minute, allowing Tony to adjust just as much as was necessary before he began moving again. Steve was a machine, pulling and pushing Tony’s body in time with his own hips. It was hard, fast, and borderline violent, and Tony could barely get a breath let alone form words, which was probably part of Steve’s plan.
At some point while Tony was undressing he had lubed up his fingers. He must have been keeping it on him just for this, and Steve is a little impressed he had the presence of mind for it. Usually Tony would think of something like that and then promptly become distracted by something shiny or that needed improvement.
Unable to get his teeth on any part of Steve’s neck in their new position, he turned his head and latched onto Steve’s forearm instead. His hands traveled down to work on the buttons of Steve’s pants. They’d been at it for far too long to not be naked.
Tony took it in hand and then paused to look up at Steve. The color of Steve’s eyes seemed darker than their usual pale blue, and it sent a shiver of pride and delight down Tony’s spine. He gave Steve’s dick one soft, slow stroke, and Steve’s lips parted with a shaky breath.
“You are not stopping right now. You are going to get your patriotic hot ass out of the dirt, and you are going to make it to the base whether I have to drag you there or not!”
Part of Steve wanted to argue, and normally he would. They had a responsibility to protect the people, the planet. But his veins were lit with elation, and his skin was buzzing with excitement, so instead he set about kissing and sucking on the bare minimum of skin exposed to him.
For what felt like the millionth time Tony tipped his head back, pulled his bottom lid down, and squeezed a couple beads of allergy relief drops into his eyes. They cooled the burning and then rolled down his cheeks, getting caught in his stubble. He rubbed them away and was about to return to his work when he felt the tell tale tingling in his nose. An explosive sneeze sent his body in an inelegant flail.
“Tony-” Steve gasped in an attempt to say that it was kind of weird to keep going. “Shouldn’t we-” Tony hit Steve’s prostate again and he moaned loudly, head thrown back.
Not for the first time an enemy had set their sights on dismantling the Avengers. They didn’t all try it in the same way, but the gist seemed to be divide and conquer. These particular assholes had executed a Hulk smear campaign as their first move, and apparently their second one was to kidnap Tony.
Unfortunately, Steve still had travel and debrief, and so it was impossible to predict when he would actually get home. So, Tony showered, and went to the communal level to kill some time, which today took form in kicking Clint’s ass in Super Smash Bros.
The chasm in his chest ached, and he felt like he was about to have another breakdown. But he knew. He knew he had to get up. Steve would have believed in him, and pushed him. He owed Steve to keep going, to keep working towards making the world a better place.
Steve raised his eyebrows at Tony and the man fidgeted with the bow. “Well, you see. I’ve been researching some things that’ve been suggested to me in the past. Thing is I never really was a pets kind of guy, and keeping a dog alive sounded like it would just add more stress to the whole problem in the first place.” Tony blew out a breath.
There was a second blanket on top of the one he’d brought with him. A second blanket he had not put there himself.
Over the next few days, Steve dropped the pet name sparingly. He seemed to like to reserve it for when he was feeling particularly sweet.
“So, I’ll see you, then…” he managed, awkwardly, as the doors slid open. And Tony beamed so naturally when he answered him,
Partly, it was just that Tony had become a symbol of Steve’s fresh start - because Steve knew that when he got to Tony again, it would mean that he was really
remember briefly thinking it was unusual to hear of any businessman making such a comprehensive stand. It had seemed to Steve that most companies had to be bullied for years before they changed their harmful practices, usually in as small a way as possible and only after it had actually become more cost effective to do it. When he read the line ‘Tony Stark stated that after his experience in Afghanistan, he had no choice but to…’ Steve had already assumed an end to the sentence - that it would be something about stricter safeguards or a charitable donation, or something. When it actually read ‘shut the company down’, Steve had almost smiled. It was unexpected, and yeah, maybe even worthy of admiration…
up, in the hope it’d stop me doing it. Then you tried to steer the conversation onto how smart Bruce was – and, even if I could keep up with all that,
Steve had terrified the living wits out of him once, Nick still felt no nervousness about strolling into the gym and talking down to him and ordering him about-
“Consorts?” Tony repeated. There was an instant tug of connection, which was both unnerving and strangely compelling.
“I… Don’t really know what bothers me, to be honest,” Tony confessed “I just know that something about this bothers me.”
And realising that… it was like watching your house collapse into flames, but knowing your family made it out okay. Realising that you could have lost the one thing that really mattered and hadn’t.
And he hated Steve. He hated Steve for not being sorry – for not even giving Tony an excuse to forgive him. He hated Steve for
given Tony a second thought throughout that whole thing, if he hadn’t felt any remorse after the fact. Whether other people thought it was reasonable, whether it was comparable to how Tony felt in other situations, was irrelevant here – that had always been his choice to make, his question to answer. For himself.
The odd thought that it wouldn’t matter what he discovered, seeing as he didn’t have anyone to share it with.
He’d tried appeasing each worry, talking to himself in firm and rational terms… but before he could quell any one anxiety, another would pipe up loud and clear and petulant.
me do the same, martyr yourself and ask me to play along with this idea you’ve talked yourself into, that you don’t
some controlling ass like Coulson and Fury, and maybe all this ‘be as late as you like’ stuff was just an act - but then I got to know you, and I figured that it
Tony felt the oddest stirring of sympathy. He told himself that it was just as likely to be Nick's first awkward attempt at being polite… but he couldn’t help reading it in a frightened tone of voice.
Steve gave his head a self-conscious little shake, and made a weak attempt to wipe the grin from his face, and opened the car door with only slightly too much force. He crossed the car park at just less than a run, and managed to keep himself from bouncing on the balls of his feet as he waited for the door to open.
Tony looks away. “You’d probably be better off just asking T’challa for a new one. Vibranium is the strongest metal on earth, it takes quite a bit of force to dent it. You can’t just buff scratches out. The damage might be permanent.”
“I’m sorry,” Bucky says solemnly. “I didn’t…” he trails off like the words have evaporated along with the holograms. “It’s a good memory for me, I didn’t think that it might not be one for you.”
Stark’s eyes narrow in confusion. “Then I don’t know what crime I’m being accused of. I had absolutely nothing to do with your buddy’s new arm - never even touched it.”
"It happened to Tony too. His parents were killed in ’91." Steve finds he can only stare at his hands. "He wants your opinion and I think that’s because HYDRA had your father killed too. I think they used the Winter Soldier to do it.”
“I’m giving him space.” Steve slumps into the chair, he doesn't have the energy to lie. "I didn't trust him and now I know something he doesn’t want me to.”
Tony snorted breathlessly. “Earth’s Mightiest Heroes and no one noticed. Insomnia, morning sickness, sobriety, weight gain, blockers. My scent wasn’t even the same as when I left and people just chalked it up to… me being me, I guess.”
"No. It wouldn’t,” Tony concludes, sighing. He runs a hand through his already messy hair. “I guess you’ll just have to trust me, Rogers.”
Bucky snorts. “I don’t know which one of us he’s trying to convince. He lies a lot, I try not to mind but it’s hard to hear that.”
“Listen, I know Tony deserved better. I’m not that callous. I know he deserved a chance to make up with his parents. I know he deserves memories of them that aren’t tainted by how they died.” Steve’s not sure why his own words hurt to hear. “The world owed him more than that.”
“If you like.” Steve's instincts are going haywire. The stranger is clearly holding something back but how much of a danger he poses remains a mystery. He’s not a physical threat - he’s not faking the arthritic tremors in the hands - but if FRIDAY’s truly offline then there’s no way he came through the active floors. Which means he either came from the direction of the Avengers' private quarters or from -
Then Tony slips his glasses off and makes a gesture that gets FRIDAY to cut the music. “You never come down here,” he says in a gravelly voice.
“Don’t take this personally but I don’t know if I can dumb down advanced nanotech and solid state physics that far.”
Against his will his eyes were drawn to the mark on Tony’s throat; jealousy and awe warring with each other. It was still blush pink, healed over in a perfect cicatrice, like it had been reaffirmed over and over again. Being bonded that long -
The sound goes straight to Steve’s groin. His body is much less conflicted about Stark than his mind. Stark's the first person, the first solid warmth Steve has felt in months and there’s still too much of the scrappy kid he used to be to not take what he can get. Blood pools in his groin under his sweats and he rocks himself unconsciously into Stark’s hip before he realizes what he’s doing.
Sin stopped struggling and Steve dropped her to her knees and dutifully bound her hands behind her. She kept silent, studying Steve with a bowed head. Her eyes were so black he could see his own reflection staring back. He felt seen. He wondered if what she saw frightened her as much as it had frightened him.
“Keep moving,” Steve said whenever he sensed Tony slowing, never letting him stop and peer too closely lest he slip into a final resting place.
Steve’s still wearing his wedding ring and a year ago Tony would have been the romantic. Now all he sees is a man trying to plant a seed in anemic soil. Their relationship is dead and Tony doesn’t want to water it back to life because he knows it will consume him in a way that it never will Steve. He fears being subject to the whims of a husband he no longer trusts. He fears the blooms snaking their way back. He fears their punishment for ignoring their warning.
“You have them,” Steve says. Then he straightens. “We need you too.” Tony won’t miss Steve’s use of the present tense.
“That’s odd, given you know so much about me.” Tony leans his head on Steve's thigh through the lawnchair. “He’s not a genius. That’s what I learned. I thought that he had to be; to play us all so thoroughly, but nope. He’s just a guy. He knew less than nothing about me, about you. He was just obsessively loyal and driven by revenge, and so saw it everywhere in everyone. That was his advantage: he’s only human.”
“You can’t,” Steve replied. “It’s not as bad as it looks, the pain’s manageable just... persistent.” And the sweet reprieve of sleep didn’t exist here. No blissful dreams where the pain faded from conscious thought.
“You can’t stop me,” Tony said thickly. Exhaustion had worn him thin leaving only caffeine to prop him up like a marionette.
Steve’s gaze was impassive as Tony blinked, releasing tears down cheeks that he roughly wiped away with embarrassment.
Steve slowly maneuvered his uniform top until it was hiked up to his armpits revealing a long gash across his right torso, between his ribs. Even at a distance Tony could see several rows of already torn stitches in patriotic colours. From in between the red, white, and blue thread oozed an infected mixture of blood and pus. Tony swore he could see the wound throb painfully in sync with Steve’s pulse.
. Tony wasn’t the only one on edge - wasn't the only omega on the team even - but it was his spike of distress that choked Steve's senses. When he met Tony’s gaze he found worry and concern and perfect trust.
“I promise,” he says, arms raised in surrender. “I’m sorry.” Apologies are never that difficult to come by with Bucky.
It’s a trick of the light sometimes, watching Tony cycle rapidly between all the things Steve hates: proud and scorned, like Loki; the tailored three-piece suit and tie to match Pierce. The alcoholic, the iron monger; the flawed creation of a well-intentioned genius, with Ultron’s poisoned tongue. It’s more comforting than days like today when it’s much too obvious that Tony’s just a man hanging by a thread.
“We have to get them all together one day. Everyone we can,” Steve says as he turns to Tony and hopes the sincerity reaches him. “A pancake breakfast, maybe.”
The darkened room is momentarily lit by the harsh halogens of the hallway as someone opens the door.
Stark shakes his head. “You have so much faith in people," he looks Steve in the eye, "I hate it. You believe everyone who goes through shit can come out the other side. It’s a nice sentiment - full points there - but sometimes life gives you lemons and you end up an asshole. Or you lose your legs, your arm, your mind and then…”
It’s nearly surreal to be touching Tony in a way that doesn’t hurt either of them but God, it’s better, so much better than being alone in this place that no longer feels like home. Steve starts speeding up, the raw pleasure a prelude to -
Steve deflated. His uniform had seen better days and his cowl was pushed back revealing straw blond hair. The colour was high in his cheeks and his shield was missing but even in disarray he looked entirely too alive for the dead landscape painted around him. Tony stared down at himself and knew he fit right in.
“You’re right.” Tony does a double-take and Steve keeps his voice steady. “They counted. You count.”
The stranger uses his free hand to push his glasses back up his nose. “Do you mind if we talk in the living room?” Steve doesn’t budge. “I promise I’ll answer your questions Captain, I would just like to be off the floor when I do.”
He sits on Francesca’s screened-in porch and watches the rain fall, soaking into the black dirt of the garden. He lets the faint soothing rhythm wash over him. A heavy shower: the flowers will love it. Steve does too. After a session he always sits on the porch for a few minutes to collect himself. It gives him time to process his thoughts and frustrations before one of the few people who know about Francesca picks him up and drives him back to the Compound. Today he’s waiting for Tony and Tony is, predictably, late.
“Because I know that desert.” Tony recognized it now. It was the desert in Afghanistan or at least a decent replica, plucked fully formed from his nightmares.
In the stillness of this place his once called home the loneliness is amplified hundredfold. He becomes accustomed to the solitude so the first time Steve finds himself not alone he barely reacts. His timekeeping isn’t the most precise these days and while the living quarters are separate from the active Avengers floors, they’re not permanently locked off.
It’s not comforting that Tony can’t put it into words. Steve tries to hide his relief their secret stays buried. He goes back to the kitchen and returns with a First Aid kit and a second mug of instant coffee.
Steve’s fingernails make little crescents of bloodless white where they dig into his palms. “That’s not what I was doing. ”
It’s comforting in its own way. It reminds Steve that he is not alone. After the thin walls of poverty, the army barracks, SHIELD - Steve has never had the space or time to deal with silence. Only over the past few months is he finally learning why the lonely compulsively fill their space with sound. He leans his forehead against the door and counts beats. 1… 2… 3… 4… 1…
“Well, well, well, look who’s been doing their assigned homework.” Stark smirks but it’s not playful. “Are you honestly trying to strongarm me into following the Accords? I don’t know if either of us will survive the irony of that.”
It was dyed red - pink-ish, really - from the shell. Tony hastily tried to wash it off only to realize the entire river ran red. His rational brain insisted it was probably some dissolved mineral but Tony could only think of blood. He desperately tried to scrape the stain off with his fingernails and if his skin came off too then so be it.
friend though you wouldn’t have guessed from the force he’d just used. Steve uncurled his fists. The stench of rot drenched him, infecting his pores. He was drowning in it and every heaving breath just drew more inside him. It was hurt sung strong and awful. Why couldn’t anyone else feel it?
He supposes he should be grateful that Stark has banked his misplaced hate enough to allow Bucky breathing room but he can’t help but see Stark’s total abdication from the Winter Soldier’s reformation as a cheap dodge. Steve doesn’t know what he expected except more. Tony is extreme in the things he cares for - this caution is out of character and the longer it last, the less Steve believes in it. He wavers between knowing it’s easier on both of them if Bucky stays out of Stark’s line of fire, and the uneasy feeling that accompanies never knowing if Bucky could be doing better with Tony's help.
Tony didn’t know which way he was going, he had left the reassuring lights of the burning river behind as he spiraled further into the forest. Every direction he turned was another crooked-spined outline turning another bit of Iron Man to mulch. He tripped over a half-buried root and when he looked up, he saw a shoddily-knotted noose dangling from the branch of an as yet unadorned tree; a snare to trap an iron prize. It was set at the perfect height.
“They’re my files. Light ‘em up.” The globe ripples once again and the two blue shades on the map splinter in a thousand more sub-shades. “Thanks, Darling.”
When Steve slept he did not dream, he remembered. He killed by deceit, by blunt force, by drowning. It was never difficult, not physically at least. Not with Tony who trusted him every single time. Steve had tried to be merciful, even after Tony had denied him peace time and time again. Tony had been the principal architect of the Ether, the man with the key, but he swore he’d die before releasing that secret. Steve had simply carried out the sentence.
“I’m not,” Steve remembers pain, hates these days that he seems to so easily inflict it, “and I don’t like seeing you hurt.”
?” The word sounds like a punishment. “Cold fusion and flying cars? No?” He’s already brushing past Natasha to leave. “Cap always gave better lectures. Maybe he can give you some pointers.”
The next week Wanda’s granted conditional citizenship in the Netherlands. It’s not a surprise, her amnesty paperwork has been in the queue for months. She video calls to tell Steve personally even though the differing time zones make it difficult. In the background behind her beaming face Steve sees the swish of Vision’s cape. He runs into Kovalchyk that same night making a cup of tea for himself and a mug of coffee for Tony. He nods at Steve and disappears into the elevator.
The file is slim but complete and Robert Kovalchyk has lead a slim but complete life. He was born the youngest of three sons to a nurse and a landscaper. He married a Vietnamese immigrant in ’85 and relocated to Toronto where they had three children of their own. His professional life is equally solid but there’s nothing particularly noteworthy in his career. Natasha’s included the standard SHIELD background check and Kovalchyk’s checklist comes back all green. His finances show no red flags, neither do his travel logs. His parents are dead, his children are married. He’s on medication for kidney stones.
The spike of adrenaline in Steve’s system has him across the room and inserted between them before anyone can blink. There’s a panicked look on Tony’s face and he holds his hands at his sides, palms forward, but with no repulsors to fire. The Soldier’s expression is wary as he falls into a defensive stance but his gaze flits over Steve’s shoulder to his prey. Without looking Steve grabs a fistful of Stark’s shirt at his chest and shoves him away, hard; the Winter Soldier is the pressing threat -
“Because they’re beautiful and I don’t demand much more than that from my flowers.” She plucks one without remorse. “Gardens are life-long projects that require constant maintenance. There’s the weeding, tilling, watering, replenishing the soil. Choosing the right flowers for the right conditions. When to plant what in whose shade, but if you do it right… it all grows together.”
Tony spoke first. “Luke’s guarding the door even though I told him I left the armour behind.” He turned to face Steve. “That for my protection or yours?”
There’s a pregnant pause like Tony can’t even believe what he’s just heard. Then he laughs. The terrible, hollow laugh they all heard after the creation of Ultron.
There are so many reassurances and damnations on the tip of Steve’s tongue. Telling the truth feels like piling more weight on top of a man undeserving of it but lies have never served him well. “I don’t know.” It sounds so inadequate. “He missed you. He regretted you leaving. Beyond that… We don’t really talk.”
Four months later and Steve is still waiting for the other shoe to drop. No one’s taken their pound of flesh yet. They’ve just left him to rot in Avengers Compound, free and not free, suspended in limbo as the UN, the State Department and Avengers Inc all punt around the political football that is Captain America. Without signing his name to the Accords he’s exiled from the Avengers and without the team his focus blurs. His days bleed into each other: endless meetings with doctors/agents/lawyers who stare at him with disdain that gradually turns to pity. He runs laps, round and round the Compound, burning off energy until he can finally drop into dreamless sleep.
Tony said too sharply. "I used you. I lied to you. I fucked up your missions, I dropped you blind into situations where your instincts went haywire. I used you for sex and sleep and comfort.
Jim’s been gone for six months and now he’s back, casually discussing his relationship with Tony like it’s a driver’s licence renewal: something you can occasionally fail at because if you both want it strongly enough you can just try again. He makes it seem so simple, like Leonardo da Vinci explaining how to paint.
“Yeah. I nearly killed the Turkish soldier who shot her. He took twin repulsors to the chest. I didn’t even think about it, FRIDAY set the blast to concussive without my say.” Tony taps his foot. “Not my finest hour. Doc had a field day.”
“Of course it is,” Steve mumbles. He throws a left as hard as he can and relishes the surrender of the bag under his knuckles. He has super soldier strength; one punch would be enough to kill a man. The bag on the other hand simply comes unhooked and falls to the ground.
Tony picks up the unguarded whisky and Steve lets him. He stalks back to the edge to sit, legs dangling into the void. Steve takes a seat next to him, careful not to touch.
“Long time no see.” Tony looked as put together as he did when Steve had first emerged from the ice. Handsome and charming, without a care in the world. The perfection was an illusion. It hurt to look at.
She puts him to work outside in the garden. It’s not delicate labour either, she has him till the soil and dig new beds. She asks him casual questions the entire time and Steve finds it easier to answer with the physical purpose to distract him. He keeps Bucky, Peggy and Tony tucked carefully close.
Tony’s never asked before because he knows already. Every set of lawyers that comes on a mission to bury Steve or set him free asks the same thing. The truth is complicated but it boils down to the same answer he’s always held. Principles aren't principles if you bend them when convenient.
“What Tony needs is not to be trapped in a strange motel room with either you or me while going through a maladaptive heat cycle. He needs to be at home and not on a road trip with the spitting image of the man who violated him. He needs some version of talk therapy and maybe mood stabilizers before he starts self-medicating the only way he knows how and we have an old familiar problem on our hands. I’ve given him my professional recommendations and instead he’s here. With you.”
“Do your worst, Cap,” Tony snarls through clenched, bloodied teeth. He isn’t smiling. “The doors will still be locked.”
If you had asked Steve six years ago he’d have said Tony was like Thor - distant and godlike and occupying an entirely different sphere of life. Steve had been responsible for the others: Sam, Clint, Wanda… even Natasha eventually. They were his team. Tony was part of that team but he was never Steve’s. Tony was his own. Tony should have been fine.
It’s not as if Tony hasn’t done this before and is proving that now, coaxing responses from Steve that he holds back behind locked teeth. Stark curls his tongue and sucks and a small broken sound leaves Steve’s throat. He quickly swallows down the ones that follow - silence the one unbroken rule.
One night on impulse Steve takes the burlap sack out from under his bed and washes the blood off the shield. He leans it against his dresser so it’s the first thing he sees every morning and every morning it stings like running water over an open wound.
“You don’t have to apologize, Buck.” Steve can’t let him depend on Tony. “Stark nearly killed you for something you didn’t - “
“ - sure let’s concentrate on the one mistake I made and not on the literal dozens you did. Because that’s not what always happens.”
“Nothing heavy. Things. Baseball teams. Jello.” Bucky seems to figure out what Steve’s really asking. “Not
Tonight Vision is back which means Steve has the pleasure of eating over-seasoned and under-baked lasagna from a paper plate in the kitchen while Jim and Tony have a blowout fight in the dining room. They’re loud behind the closed doors. Vision seems utterly unperturbed but Steve’s sensitive hearing goes to war with his good judgement when it comes to how much he listens in.
Tony had asked for a couple days. Steve didn’t even last one. He’d slept in the car, spent the morning at a cafe, the afternoon in a bookshop. Counting down hours until it was appropriate to check-up on a grown man who had asked to be left alone.
“Not him,” Tony says too sharply. “Don’t look at me like that, Rogers. He’s alive. He’s fine. Confused and awash in teenage hormones. He’s just a little too busy being a supervillain magnet to follow me around.”
I am absolutely dedicated to the idea that Steve has never taken more than three minutes cumulative thinking about his sexuality. He was a sickly kid raised in the forties and was in his early twenties when he joined the army. I just don't think he spends too much time thinking about esoteric subjects.
. Steve’s affront deepens even as he becomes aware of how ridiculous it is. Being possessive of Tony Stark is a losing proposition on all fronts; he belongs to no one but himself. He’s one of the most famous men in the world, why shouldn’t he sleep with whomever he wants? Why should he confine himself to this? To them?
The white of the Ether pulsed gloriously white as Tony screamed and the air in his lungs was replaced with water; one more beautiful, empty death in this beautiful, empty Hell they'd made themselves.
The nights were awful but the mornings were bliss. Tony gave Steve what he’d never told a soul he wanted: a slice of domestic life. Lazy, unhurried blow jobs and long two-person showers. They’d make love slowly in the morning sun and if Tony was imagining someone else he never let it show. Brunch became an extravagant affair and Tony was finally putting on weight, but the carefree generosity of it all made Steve uneasy, like those mornings were repayment for a good night’s rest and Tony was settling his tab with interest.
“Because it wasn’t your fault and Tony will eventually see that. You didn’t owe him anything, you weren’t friends.”
Stephen didn’t catch the lie. “I need to apologize for my overzealous behaviour at the Mansion. I should not have held what your doppelgänger did against you.”
Steve laughs. It catches him by surprise. There’s dark dirt under his fingernails and a red sunburn across his neck. “Putting me to work is cruel, I’m older than you are.”
Purpose has to start somewhere, even with something small. He is no longer Captain America or a superhero or Tony’s friend, but he used to be all three a long, long time ago. Maybe the forest can wait for this one particular tree.
Steve feels sick. He knows better than to rely on Tony’s forgiveness. “That’s not the way it works.”
Tony looks up at him from below dark lashes, a smirk on his face. His fingers tease the waistband at Steve’s hips. “Tell me what you want, Dealer's choice.”
Steve chose. He wasn’t born a genius, his transformation wasn’t an accident. He volunteered. He wanted to be more and now he is, and it seems so unfair that he’s crumbling around the bits of himself that refused to change. The impurities the serum couldn’t burn out of him: nostalgia, stubbornness, problem solving with his fists.
The fluttering in Steve’s stomach tried to warn him of danger. “Tony’s not going to hurt me or you or anyone. We’re his friends.”
Some long-buried instinct steers him down toward the basement. He's had no reason to visit Tony’s workshop since he came back. It isn’t as fancy as the one Stark had at the Tower but when Steve reaches out to place his palm on the locked steel doors he can feel the heavy bass line of music being played at astronomical volume.
Steve closed his eyes and hoped when he opened them the grey sky would end. He felt the heat from the explosion but the force was absorbed by someone or something in its way.
Steve climbed into Captain America’s uniform like it was the rotting, discarded skin of a man who had been eaten long ago, still warm on the inside. Superheroics were a fantastic cover for violence. No one noticed how angry Steve was because the people he hit were on the other side. He ran in the Avengers in a tight pattern across the Hydra Compound and put himself at the fore, dispensing the low-level goons left and right without a thought. He wondered how many he could get away with killing before he lost the benefit of the doubt. If, like Tony, the team would trust him forever, their memories conveniently excising every deviation from sainthood.
Steve has limited contact with the other Avengers but for a woman who nominally lives and works in the same building as him, Natasha is a ghost. Even Stark’s haunting presence is anchored to the Compound, Natasha’s is not. She drifts in and out, retreating further and further into the shell of the Black Widow.
Tony’s word had been law. His sanity had anchored it. Without him, Steve’s mind had run rampant. The forest of suicides went up in flames. Then the sky. Pain re-entered the world and the silence was replaced by echoing laughter. A Hell of fire and brimstone; punishment for his sins. But there was ice in him that never thawed. The flames had faded but the ice had followed Steve back from the Ether. That dam that held the beast back.
Stark’s eyes are nearly black. “As a matter of fact Rogers, I remember exactly what you’d do for Barnes.”
graves for when your family name carried too many dead and you’d added to the pile like a good little scion. Tony scrambled frantically up the side of the ditch to follow Steve along the ridge.
They’re not talking about the Maldecian president anymore. Stark plants his silhouette directly in Steve’s sightline. “Which one is it, Rogers? You seem to think I control what entire countries do but in my spare time I’ve taken to licking the boots of whatever government official I can find. Puppetmaster or patsy, you can’t have it both ways.”
The detente fools Steve into believing things are getting better. On the surface they are: they find fewer reasons to argue, fewer reasons to take it further. Most of that is attributable to Natasha still being sidelined. Tony runs around the world, Steve runs around the Compound and the fact that their personal Doomsday Clock has stopped ticking down is a nice side-effect entirely divorced from their individual choices. It’s not sustainable though. It’s just the peace before the war.
“Stevie…” Bucky warns. The real Bucky, the one beside Steve across the empty space where his arm used to be.
They’re linked by Steve’s arm so when Tony steps too close Steve can’t move away. “Let go.” The order is cold and there is steel underneath.
The next day Tony was interviewed on Seattle morning TV. He pledged the funds to rebuild the church in Virginia and thanked the Avengers for arriving in time to stop further damage. He mentioned Carol and Jennifer by name. He didn’t mention Steve at all. The interview lasted eight minutes and fourteen seconds. Steve knew because he’d watched it over and over again on mute so he wouldn’t be distracted by seductive words. He’d searched Tony’s face for evidence. He wanted confirmation that Tony’s sins had crossed with him from the Ether into this world too.
Everyone could read the warning. There was the barest whisper of movement as Clint knocked an arrow. Carol’s eyes burned white. Wisps of red wound around Wanda’s fingers. Balanced on the edge.
The phantom sensation of burning retreated to a tingle under Steve’s skin. He looked down at his chest and instead of a Cursed wound there was only a pink line held together with staples.
He hadn’t stripped a single item of clothing before resorting to the shower and Steve held his tongue. “You planning on staying in there?” he asked gently, careful to phrase it as a question.
Iron Man said as he tossed Steve his shield back. The glowing eyeslits of the faceplate were locked on him like the burning eyes of a demon.
Steve nods. He's planned this out, all his arguments and contingencies. He needs Kovalchyk to understand Bucky and the Soldier aren’t one and the same. He’s going to explain without violence this time. The Compound is silent, absent even the ticking of clocks. There’s just the two of them, a couple of sheets of innocent paper, and the truth.
They aren’t nightmares per se. It would be easier if they were. Steve never dreams of the ice or the war. He dreams of running; shedding his serum-induced body with every step and instead of weak legs slowing him down he just feels lighter and lighter. He dreams of dropping his shield, of pulling off his gloves, his cowl, anything to get rid of the weight forcing him to his knees. He dreams of the Winter Soldier pulling him to his feet before taking off and Steve gives chase until the Soldier is Bucky again and Captain America is just Steve.
Steve’s eyes flicked instinctively to the heat pack laid across Tony’s abdomen. The contrary scents of loss and blood and relief suddenly made sense. He felt sick.
Tony blinked, dizzy. This place wouldn’t let them sleep or die but it would let Tony forget for awhile. He got to forget Steve’s look of remorse as he drove the shiv between Tony’s ribs and then twice more. He got to forget being smothered face-first into the mud until he’d finally stopped breathing, and the act of tying his own noose with shaking hands in a forest. And each time Tony got to wake up new and full of wonder as Steve tried again and again to trick the Beast that had trapped him here into giving up the key that would let him leave.
“The newspapers?” he guesses. “That’s what’s really bothering you right? The part that affects you.” Natasha doesn’t react and Stark just shrugs. “They’ll get bored.
Tony bucks his hips again, deliberately this time, and Steve bites his lip at the pressure. Tony’s expression is vicious. “So have you been fighting me all this time out of some repressed urge to fuck me, or should I be glad we're having regular sex because otherwise you’d have killed me by now?”
The hologram resets and plays out again except this time Steve gets front row seats to the pained expression on his mother’s face when her son and his friend can’t hide their disappointment when she brings home nothing more than salted licorice as a treat for after dinner.
“Maybe next time,” Steve whispered as he lowered Tony underwater and held him there as his body began to thrash.
. The Accords back Belgium; the Avengers can’t prove the HYDRA splinter is planning an international attack, nor can they justify three flying tanks and a nigh-invulnerable android when Belgian special forces will do. The council won’t risk pissing off most of Western Europe by overriding the decision. The Avengers have already passed on the relevant surveillance information, their part is over.
The door shuts behind him and the soft blue glow of the globe fills the room again. Steve isn’t naive enough to think Stark didn’t know exactly who was in the room before he entered and he’s proved correct when Stark’s eyes meet his without surprise. Abruptly Stark makes his excuses and tosses the phone violently onto the nearest desk.
“Didn’t want to worry you. You’re injured too.” Steve motioned towards Tony’s puncture wounds. “You’re hurting as much as I am.”
They’re dead in the water, the ship’s already sunk. Whatever they do now is just one last waltz before the cold takes them. Before numbness climbs limbs and sluggish blood slows -
Steve watched his breath condense in the cold air. It was the only proof he was alive, everything else about him was numb, shutting down. “You didn’t tell me.”
“You got what you wanted. You refused to release BARF so you got Bucky under your thumb. You got Wanda exiled for disobeying you. Natasha hates her job and is being eaten alive. Clint and Scott won’t risk coming home. You’ve got the Avengers and the Accords and the world on you side. It’s your future, we just have to live in it.”
The low rumble of Tony’s voice bypasses Steve’s brain and goes straight to his groin. It’s confident and assured and Steve wants to believe it’s real but how would he know? Did the man at the gala get a different smile? Was Tony more or less eager to get on his knees for him? (Was he better than Steve? Did he treat Tony like a lover instead of - )
Christmas. Alone. “No - God, no. Tony’s got people. You don’t need to feel bad - You don’t need to worry about Stark. He can take care of himself.” Mostly, except for the mounting evidence that he can’t.
. Tony talks to her like she’s a person and the rest of the Team and Compound follow suit. The fact she’s missing in action raises Steve’s suspicions further.
“Seconds, Captain Rogers?” Vision asks like nothing’s wrong. As if they’re not witnessing Stark’s last, oldest pillar of support crumbling and aren’t housed under his unstable roof.
“Nowhere,” Bruce huffed, hands clasped in front of him, “I’ll be here working on the veil problem with Reed. I just can’t trust the Other Guy to behave himself right now. It’s not forever, I just need to get a handle on it.”
Tony’s head shot up and standing on the other side of the river was Steve glaring at him in full Captain America regalia.
He let his hand fall on Steve’s knee. He couldn’t give Steve an escape plan yet but he could offer this: a willing body while no one was watching. It wouldn’t be the first time.
"You don't think Tony’s going to - ” There are too many things still broken between them. "He wouldn't. He can't."
. Steve chose them well but Tony reads the easier message. The flowers are dead, Steve only ever brings him corpses. They won’t grow, nothing does here in the winter. The clipped blossoms will die abandoned on the rock, crystallizing in the cold. It’s warmer than Siberia.
“I’m not subtle, Rogers,” Stark says with disgust, “if I start taking it out on him he’ll know it. I’m still not building a brainwashed assassin a shiny new weapon to hit me with. Call it self-preservation.”
“Don’t romanticize broken tools, Steve.” The name slips out unweighted and Tony's next words are careful. “I never said I wouldn’t try. One day. If you asked.”
“I’d imagine so. You have to decide how your creations feel and then you have to make them feel it.” Kovalchyk hands the book back. “That’s a terrible sort of power.”
“Why not? You’d have thought it anyway. You begged me to help with the arm and when I refused you called me a coward. Now I’m actually helping him and you think I’m plotting murder.” Tony downs the rest of his drink. “I can’t win with you Rogers, and I’m starting to get sick of playing.”
They let him review the Avengers’ mission footage now, afterward when he can still give tactical notes. He’s Nat’s primary training partner and she’s passed word down that all fliers have to be proficient in hand-to-hand so Steve’s putting that together too. Penelope and the pack of wolves she calls her team have set to work on an agreement for Wanda to rejoin the Avengers provided she remains a resident and citizen of the Netherlands. Last week Steve videocalled T’challa directly about the Accords and His Royal Highness was not very kingly when he shared his thoughts on Steve’s beard.
The venom in Tony’s voice surprises him. “What the hell am I going to do with another letter? Let alone two.”
that’s forming. “Please.” Steve holds out his hand and Tony stares at it with the same wary look he wore the first time they had sex and Tony had tried to reason out Steve’s motives. When he decided that anything intimate between them was a trade instead of an offer. Now he looks like he’s wondering if Steve’s about to steal his car.
“I won’t stop trying," he says stubbornly. "I won’t give up on him. Arm or not. With or without you.”
Steve’s not falling for it. “Activating him won’t work. The Asset doesn’t exist anymore.” It’s not the whole truth. The trigger words are faded but where Bucky ends and the Soldier begins is much more delicate work. “He’s not your toy anymore.
“It looks even worse in person.” Sam eyes the facial hair and Steve is suddenly conscious of how different he looks since they last stood together. He doesn’t need to shave or keep his hair regulation short anymore. Now the length only serves to mark the passage of time.
Tony reached for him and his hand wasn’t calloused in the familiar way Steve remembered. The palm was soft and smooth, as cold and clammy as a corpse’s. He was still too thin and pale; a bandage around his forearm from Strange's constant blood tests. Familiar dark eyes held something alien and Steve was suddenly afraid. This was what he’d wanted, to get them back to what they were before. Back to Avenging and bickering and bouts of sex that Steve took far more seriously than Tony ever did.
They spend the rest of the night sitting on the floor of the session room eating saltines by the sleeve. Bucky’s been doing better, staying present, but not nearly to his previous high mark. He hasn’t put the prosthetic arm back on either. At some point he pulls on the BARF glasses. Steve expected something more sinister with wires and sparking electricity and maybe mad cackling in the distance. Instead the glasses just sit oddly on Bucky’s face, too square and modern. Then again the frames weren’t designed for him. They were designed by Tony, for Tony.
It was too much. The beast under Steve’s skin attacked. He barged Tony up against the nearest wall, uncertain if he meant to hurt him or scare him or kiss him. Steve wanted Tony to feel an inch of how horrible Steve felt every day. He wanted him to share the burden of being trapped in this crowded, shallow reflection of their perfectly balanced Hell. He ripped through the expensive shirt and was met not by the familiar sight of oozing stab wounds but by perfect, blank skin. Steve dug his fingernails in, dragging lines of red broken blood vessels across ribcage as if he could claw his way down into a man’s soul.
In less than a second Steve had Tony pinned against the funerary cairn, million-dollar stones digging into his back. The front of the undersuit was now caked in dirt but somehow Steve kept himself clean. One hand snaked its way under Tony’s waistband and set a punishing pace. It was too dry and quick, the friction burning, and it didn’t matter. Tony came violently in his own undersuit, Steve’s arm the only thing keeping him up. The mixture of pleasure and pain was a radical sensation in contrast to the monotony of their aimless, want-less march.
Tony hedged. “Well, I probably wasn’t lying to you when I said I had a plan which means I just need to figure out what past-me meant. I didn’t bring us here on our honeymoon, Cap.”
Tony wasn’t even in heat yet and the motel room was drenched in desperation: the sweet, heady scent of omega warring with the adrenaline-spiking overlay of dread. Steve retreated outside to hide the effect it had on him anyway, hard-on insistent even as his mind was repulsed.
Tony gives a tight, twisted smile. “You let a team of mad scientists lock you into a metal coffin and turn you into a perfect soldier. You almost let the Winter Soldier kill you because you were convinced he was still your old friend. Then you told one hundred countries to go hang because you knew better. You bet on yourself every time.”
“Nope. Lang has a girlfriend. They’re going for theme naming. They think it’s cute. C’mon, who else?”
“Not that it’s any of your business but I already consulted Bruce about it. I’m fine, Steve. It wasn’t a long-term thing, I promise you.” Despite his words there was something sad in Tony’s eyes.
“You actually going to hit me this time?” Stark asks. “Because you told me sex wasn’t going to be a regular thing.”
“I’ll drive. You shouldn’t be behind the wheel like this.” He can see Tony bite his tongue around the
There’s a deafening boom and crash as part of the concrete ceiling caves in and Steve can hear the whir of machinery. His internal threat calculator flips violently.
“We won’t have Vision cater,” Steve amends. He thinks of impossible meetings. “Maybe for Christmas.”
There’s a trick to the mornings: he hunches over the edge of the bed and hyperventilates, lets his breath catch on the sails of the blossoms that grew overnight and hacks them up. Some are intact, most come out in pieces, mismatched. Bits of carnations, lavender, chrysanthemum, bittersweet, belladonna... Seven white oleander petals, half a geranium, two whole snapdragons. Tony arrays each dawn’s haul in front of him on the bedspread like a child with a collection of coins. Some of the blossoms end up preserved in formaldehyde, others are tossed down the garbage disposal. A few he carefully presses between pages of books that Steve bought and isn’t home enough anymore to read. In the silence he fancies he can hear them: the vibrating flutter of his shallow breath over the petals nestled deep in his chest, the creak of their winding roots threading through his veins.
Meals are delivered like clockwork and once upon a time the boredom would have had Steve climbing the walls. Now he checks the door periodically and sleeps in a daze the rest.
Steve was on fire. His charred skin sloughed off in black flakes like bark off a tree, exposing raw nerve endings to the inferno to be instantly cauterized. The flames hogged all the air so the screams echoing in his head were trapped there. His tears evaporated before they left his lidless eyes. He could not remember
Tony took one step forward and jumped back, his bare foot scalded on the burning sand as if it had spent all day warming under the hot sun. The heat was the first warmth in this place that had none. It felt magnificent. Tony buried his feet until the skin reddened and cried out in pain. When he reached for Steve’s hand, he found it cold.
“Really?” Tony hisses in a low voice. “You invited me here for couple’s counselling? Is there something about me that screams
Steve speaks over him, “ - It’s AIM’s fault your ribs are injured and it’s my fault for aggravating them,” he swallows, “but yes it’s yours for skipping Medical. That’s your responsibility to the Team. They rely on you. You owe it to them to take care of yourself. You can’t just hole up in your lab and wait out the bleeding. Enduring pain when you don’t have to isn’t noble, it’s indulgent.” Stark flinches and Steve finds himself transfixed by a discarded piece of armour. “People want to help you, Tony. Take it, it might not be around forever.”
Tony spat a mouthful of silt into Cap’s face and aimed an elbow at his solar plexus. The shifting, uneven topography of the swamp bottom worked in Tony’s favour as Steve lost his balance and splashed down hard. He was still close enough to reach out and grab Tony’s calf, dragging him closer. Tony’s other foot lashed out and managed to land fairly solidly into Steve’s torso and there was a sharp cry as Tony was suddenly released. Gasping for breath Tony retreated further into the bog, his lighter weight to his benefit, but no one was following. Steve was still on his knees with one arm wrapped tightly across his right ribcage.
“I know,” Stark says, surprisingly sympathetic and his lips quirk sadly. Then, casually, horribly, he spreads his arms wide in offering, baring his weak points. “Show me.”
Steve calls him by his first name often enough. Just never around Bucky. He’d hidden that familiarity away with all the other liberties he’s taken.
Steve’s unsure which is the sin and which is the virtue. His fingers tentatively brush against Tony’s hair for whatever comfort they’re worth. He looks out at the stars with an artist’s eye. You can’t see them in the city proper but out here… pinpricks of bright embedded in inky black. Hundreds, thousands, all shining down. Steve is used to feeling small but against the vastness of the Milky Way the smallness makes him feels safe instead of threatened.
“I said no,” Steve growled and pushed every frustration from the past week, the past month, into the word. It was an alpha’s order and blatant intimidation and even the Sorcerer Supreme took a placating step back.
Stark’s loud protests and gasping breaths are just background noise, processed somewhere else because the forefront of Steve’s brain is preoccupied with finding what truth Stark is hiding this time. The athletic wear of the undersuit is slippery and layered and Steve doesn’t take his time, just rips it open because goddamn it he’s right and -
” Steve says too sharply and Stark’s head shoots up. “They don’t deserve to die because they chose wrong. But they’re going to because someone down there is prioritizing control over doing what’s right.”
The bite on Tony’s throat scarred white, just another war wound in the life of an Avenger. His hands were blistered from the workshop, callouses yet to form. There was a bandage on the inside of his left elbow where Stephen still took blood tests. The suppressants in his system were so strong the scent leaked out his pores.
“It was dead.” Steve shrugged. “Or it might as well have been. I don’t know, it’s hard to tell in this place.”
He held his breath, waiting. Jess snorted, Sam slapped him on the back. The rest of the team didn’t bat an eye. They didn’t know. Nobody did. The man who had gone into the Ether had come back as something else. He’d struck a bargain with the devil he’d found there and the price he’d paid for his mortal life was his soul. What had clawed out was a monster restrained solely by whim and a bright white star; a beast lying in wait for the fool who ventured too close across thin ice.
Tony looks better, naked and clean. The shower must have been burning hot because his skin’s still red in places and looks warm to the touch. Without a word he stalks over to the bed and slips to the floor between Steve’s knees. Steve sucks in a breath, his body responding in the way he’s conditioned it to and his sleep pants hide nothing. Too suddenly there’s hand on either of his knees, slowly sliding up his thighs towards his waistband, telegraphing what’s coming next -
Steve doesn’t care what Stark’s come to offer. The unearned nostalgia roils in his gut and makes his tongue is sharp. “How was your meeting with Ross?”
“Thank the Lord.” Sam sinks into the sofa. “Preferably we should leave before they give me your job.”
Tony clearly thought the complaint was ridiculous. “I guess I just missed calling someone Steve. Over there it was like playing Marco Polo with no one answering. You do. It’s nice.”
“Who else will?” Natasha’s eyes are perfectly blank as she sinks the knife in. “There aren’t as many of us as there used to be.”
For a moment Tony looks chagrined, as if he’d allowed himself to hope differently and now only has himself to blame. “Then why do you care? Either the Accords fail or I do and you get to watch it all from the front row.”
Steve’s not even sure who he was going to name: Stark or Natasha or Dr. Tanaka. It doesn’t really matter; the residual guilt Bucky carries is aimless sometimes, encompassing everything. In the beginning Steve would rush to reassure him until Dr. Tanaka had pulled Steve aside and laid it out for him:
Tony didn’t answer, just removed Steve’s hands from his torso and impaled himself to the hilt. It might have felt fantastic, Steve wouldn’t know because every bit of him was busy being horrified at the pain written in every line of Tony’s face.
“Why do you keep visiting if you’re never going to forgive him?” Steve can’t help but raise his voice back. “If it’s you being cruel for the sake of it, stop. Just… stop.”
“Hard not to.” Steve glares at the insinuation he was the one being inappropriate. “You weren’t quiet.”
“Whatever it is, it stops here,” Natasha says coldly. “He doesn’t need someone messing with his head. You can hurt him - I know you don’t think so - but you can. And you will.”
The blooms are anchored his lungs, basking in his unrequited love like it’s sunlight. Their veins intertwine with his like highwaymen, robbing him of water and oxygen. Their taproots burrow into his bones, greedily sucking minerals from marrow. Their roots wind themselves around his organs, weakening his already taxed liver. The only part of him the blooms leave untouched is his heart; it’s breaking on its own, no intervention needed. The flowers are a parasite he can’t eradicate without killing himself. He can’t starve them out and the drinking does more harm to himself than to them. He understands the impulse to inhale bleach - anything to rob the little buggers of the satisfaction of getting out alive after they’ve strangled him dead. Instead he takes up smoking for the simple pleasure of imagining after each slow drag that the flowers in his lungs are burning.
“Well if you think I’m going easy on you because you only have one arm Buchanan, you’ve got another thing comin’.”
“No one got shot. He told me basic shit I already knew because the man forgets I’ve already been an Avenger, a whole ream of legal stuff that basically amounted to keep your nose clean, and then he asked me if I knew.”
“I’ll bring him back,” Bucky promised. He knew how much Steve longed to be going himself. Logan just huffed.
“I’m drinking because I’m an alcoholic,” Tony stares at his glass, “and you don’t scare me.” As if a lie repeated enough times will eventually yield truth.
Percy smirked pulling out a pen, ”I've got everything I need. Don't worry about me. Let's just get this over with it is almost lunchtime,”
Percy got a wistful smile on his face as Peter answered, ”His friend Grover! He eats only enchadilas and tin cans!”
”Perseus. There are only two outcomes, trust me i want the first one to be true just as much as you do. You shouldn't have to fight another battle that isn't your business, you don't have to fight a battle that you can't win. I can guarantee your safety, yours and those who you care about. I can promise that they'll survive. That you can be safe and happy. Just give up, Mr.Jackson and you can guarantee the safety of the people you love,” Thanos said with a level tone.
He was slammed out of his state. Tony. Stark stabilized him as he crashed towards the ground and said, “You’re back, you’re alright,” They all looked strangely concerned, he mused they didn’t see things like that everyday, there was a lot of green, too many rapid head movements that would no way possible not break a normal persons neck, and a bit of floating to excel the oddity of the situation. Only Percy seemed to be unbothered, he was mumbling something about a ‘dam green Oracle and the dam green mist ’ and then snorted at himself saying the dam, much more than any sane person should.
Eventually near the end of the drive they got off the phone because Percy was getting nervous about attracting too many monsters and Peter, well he just kind of wanted to talk.
Peter muses about his relationship with Percy, and mentally tries to figure out what they are. Mantis is a little cutie that ships the teens much more than anyone should and Starlord just wants to know why no one loves Footloose.
All of a sudden they were in New York. Nico stumbled a bit, and was somehow paler than before but other than a bit tired he was alright. Peter wiggled his face in surprise but didn’t react other than that. Tony Stark on the other hand, who was in the room they transported on swore mercilessly.
”Yeah, I did actually. No one messes with my friends.” Percy replied by offering him a goofy smile before clearing his throat. ”Anyway we've got more important things to talk about”
”Ah...I'm alright. The air and I well let's just say we don't exactly get along.” He gave Peter what reassembled a little salute before turning on his heel walking towards the subway station.
Captain America ended up carrying the unconscious Percy to Tony’s sickbay. No one was really sure what had just happened. Percy looked unnaturally pale and his face was scrunched up like he was in pain. Peter thought about calling Mrs.Blofis but he remembered how much Percy said she worried and with the baby on the way...well he didn't want to cause any unnecessary stress for her. But he did end up calling his Aunt May to let her know he had gotten stuck doing something for his internship and that he’d be home late. Mr.Stark was calmly checking Percy’s vitals and Steve was just attempting to help but he ended up getting in the way so he left to go get something for everyone to drink...he ended up getting lost walking around the compound.
When Peter finally finished Percy bit his lower lip and stared ahead, ”You know what I admire what you're doing here- don't get me wrong I really do but why in the name of Hades did you not tell Stark what was going on. This all could've been avoided.”
A pink hue started to tint Nico’s cheeks, ”We went to Italy. Wanted to see it without worrying about the worlds impending doom.”
Peter felt his hand get squeezed and he looked down at their entwined hands, “ I’ll see you on the other side,”
Tony rolled his eyes, “Ok hotshot, do you have any ideas on what to do here? I’ll lecture you later.”
Annabeth gave him an odd little grin, ” Yeah I know who you are. And whatever it is, we will figure it out. After all, Athena always has a plan.”
Peter gets to meet more of the gang and Percy delivers a cheery speech to his fellow canpers (not really)
Peter nodded and traced his hand across the intricate coral designs,  “It is beautiful still, even with the damage.”
An idea popped into his head. Annebeth had told him that the human body was about 70% water, if he was able to suffocate- well almost suffocate Ahklys with her own poison maybe he's be able to heal himself with the water in his blood.
Steve hesitantly lunged and their fight commenced. The older man was disarmed within 30 seconds. Percy had Anaklusmos resting a the base of his neck not far after, ”Okie Dokie! Not bad Mr.Rogers thank you for going easy on me.”
Peter haven’t realized he was missing the conversation until the seen seemed to shift- it was still Titan just, nicer. Alive. Fresh green lawns, architecture that scaled across the skyline, Annbeth would’ve loved it. There were people too. They seemed happy, it was a normal place, a happy planet, how had it turned to this hellscape?
They walked up to the compound and we're greeted at the doors, ”Underoos! God kid! Follow me if you please.”
Percy turned to him, “Yes!!! Oh my gods I don’t know your Hogwarts house...wait wait don’t tell me you’re a Hufflepuff arent you? I’m a Hufflepuff!”
Peter panicked, ”I have no idea how to respond to this. But that wasn't an old women I didn't do anything wrong sir. That thing- I believe Percy said it was a chimera? I don't remember the exact name but that seems right. You can't see it properly cause of the mist I think. Yeah mist. It's like a girl to keep- Oh! Percy! Percy is the other guy in that clip from the suit cam...he didn't do anything wrong either just so you know ! He mentioned that there are some bad articles about him from a while back but he didn't do any of those things really! It was just the most again. Mostly at least. In fact I think it is odd they labeled an innocent 12-year-old as a terrorist. Like who does that? They barely even knew a quarter of the story it's not his fault he had a rough life
Percy groaned loudly, ”Yeah, ok. Just my luck. So Stark- Spark, whatever. Basically,  the Greek gods are real... well while we are at it so are the Roman, Egyptian, and Norse from what we know at this point. Along with all of the monsters and deities related to those myths. I'm a demigod which means I'm half god and half human. Poseidon the Greek god of the Sea and Earthquakes is my dad and Peter was helping me out with a monster, ” he took a deep breath and looked between the duo, ”So. We good?”
Steve had suddenly realised that he didn’t want to rush through all these details. That he wanted to touch every inch of Tony, that he wanted to indulge in him-
He felt the air around him shift, suddenly thicker and heavier and scented of something. The light around him looked different. The filter and focus of his vision had altered-
his blood turning to ice. He felt his spine straighten, and his muscles tense up, as the cold began to soak through him… And then, somehow,
Which was a huge revelation, sure, and something he’d no doubt spend the rest of the week over-thinking… But, in the moment, it made it much easier to talk.
And Tony almost laughed. How strange it was to feel like Steve could actually read his mind – as compared to the days when he wondered whether Steve could even see him. He couldn’t help thinking of how he might’ve heard Steve’s outburst, just last week. Back when he used to take Steve’s every statement at face value. Back when he used to comb through their every argument like a defence attorney, assigning layers and layers of meaning to every word and then defending that interpretation as fact… Back when Steve would never have just said sorry for that. When Steve would have kicked himself for it, and resolved never to do it again, and never thought to let Tony know…
– power to make everything seem like it was going to be okay… and Tony couldn’t allow himself to indulge in that before he’d made absolutely certain that it was true-
Something about… looking for something, or running from something… He couldn’t remember. And then JARVIS, talking to him-
the moment, on the floor of that Siberian Bunker, when his anger fuelled psychosis had passed and the world he was looking at seemed to change before his eyes… the same sinking realisation that…
By that night, Tony was beginning to feel a little more like himself. Still somewhat emotional, and confused, and unsettled… But he did feel better for a few hours sleep. His head felt clearer now. Things had started to seem a bit more real.
Either way, he felt like he was controlling himself as much as he could… and still feeling inadequate over it.
“And, I don’t think there’s any point in either of us deciding we’re just not going to…or, promising ourselves…anything, because, obviously, these things can just…
. I know it’s not about making things perfect, because you never think anything is perfect. You’re always looking for a way to make things that bit better than they were – making other people’s lives that bit happier, or easier, or healthier, even if you can’t help the fact that they’re suffering in the long run. You spent all that time developing better hospital beds, just so that people could still sit themselves up and look out of a window, even when they could barely move. You put all that money into the Injured Troops programme, just so there was more that people
“Well, this room doesn’t exactly fit the theme” Tony whispered, barely audible, as he walked over to one of the computers. Steve padded silently over to the other door, straining to listen over the scattergun tapping of the keyboard. “Basic security system. Good, but not pentagon level or anything…” And then Steve felt the door move just slightly against his ear, and realised that it was only pulled to – that, if he was
Tony leapt to his feet and bounded for the door, his anxieties temporarily forgotten in the sheer relief of having Steve home.
“Welcome Steven, Son of Sarah,” the Red Skull said, in a smooth, cold voice that was both eerily familiar and terrifyingly strange.
“Hey, it’s okay,” Tony whispered, leaning closer. In a burst of feeling, Steve wrapped his arms tight around him, pulling him up onto his chest, so that Tony was lying right on top of him. And then Steve buried his head into Tony’s neck.
“…I don’t really know how I feel about everything that just happened,” Tony admitted. “And I also don’t really know what I
Steve found himself leaping up to his feet, buoyed by that general sense of hopeful enthusiasm. He might vaguely have decided that, since this needed to be done, it made sense to tackle it when he was in the right frame of mind… although, to be honest, he didn’t really remember thinking anything. Just this feeling that nothing was insurmountable, that everything would be okay…
“The subtle differences are that, whichever of you is enacting your fantasy, you will take a version of the drug that affords you slightly more control. Whoever is providing their partners fantasy will take a drug that more reduces feelings of shame-”
The idea of following that instruction soothed a part of Steve that had ached since before he even met Tony.
Even now that they were so much closer, even though their little interactions did occasionally bubble over into actual conversations these days, there were still things that simply fell outside the bounds of their relationship. Tony just knew they did.
Steve twitched again, sharper this time. The hunger was so much more vivid, so much more painful, now that he’d had that little taste of it-
He exhaled, softly, thinking back to that day in the conference room – listening to Sam and Rhodey casually throw hypotheticals at each other, and thinking of a thousand answers of his own… and keeping his eyes fixed on the document in front of him. That sense of wordless longing that had filled him them, all the imperfect words that didn’t fit the thing he would’ve liked to say…
, not to like me. It’s not a flaw of yours, not to trust me. And, yeah, it kills me you never will… but I guess that’s my problem to deal with, isn’t it?”
“I think…” Tony purred, as he slowly ran his eyes over Steve’s chest, “...That you should open the rest of your gifts in the bedroom.”
talking about you,” Steve explained, earnest and sincere and clearly concerned… but not anguished in quite the same way he was, before he’d had a chance to work all this through “I was talking to Adam, and I was talking
He was just so shocked by how familiar that image felt, even though he knew he’d never seen it before - how quickly and completely he understood what he was looking at.
By the end there, the same cloud of confusion and emotion was beginning to get the better of him too. His attempts to hold the drugs at bay for long enough to hand the mission over had become increasingly difficult – and then fallen by the wayside entirely.
probably wait, until Tony had a chance to think it all through. But there were some things he just had to get out there, in whatever inarticulate, uncertain form…
Not that he’d be able to tell Tony what he thought about it, even if he did find the words. Steve wasn’t sure what he was feeling right now, but he was sure it was something intimate and personal, and fundamentally entangled with his crush on Tony… Something he could never explain to Tony, even if he managed to explain it to himself.
Steve had no idea how much time had passed before that swell of giddiness had run its course - but he was still flushed, and sweaty, and breathless, when he tried to lift his head again.
Steve looked across the battle lines. They were some of the most powerful beings and minds on the planet and instead of making Earth a paradise they’d made it a hell where nothing ever changed. The dead never stayed dead, the villains never softened their hearts. Steve would never escape, none of them would. Not until they died and then Thor had promised he’d drink with Steve in the halls of Valhalla before they fought together in Ragnarök. Steve had thought it unbearably cruel of Asgard to save dead soldiers for a final, futile battle. A merciful god would surely let them rest.
Stark’s the respectable one now; all handshakes and goodwill. Steve’s the unstable vigilante with unsavoury friends and a reputation for violence. Still, “You really think that’d stop me?”
“I hated winters the most.” Tony was staring out the window. “My room was cold. Not freezing, just cold. I’d try to get used to it but - “ his breath hitched. “He’d send for me and all I would think was at least I’m going to be warm tonight.”
“He left a note: his own execution warrant written in Polish for his hand in the deaths of thousands and for the sickness in the minds of men. The police chief was an old family friend, they called it an accident to save us a suicide.” Kovalchyk finishes his tea with shaking hands. “My father was killed by his own hand and I’ve dedicated the entirety of my medical career to understanding why he thought it was the fair thing to do.”
because you’d be utterly useless. Pop quiz Spangles: what language do they speak in Maldecia?” Steve can’t answer and Stark knows it. “Right, so coordinating with the locals is out. Can you fly through torrential rainfall once the infrastructure washes out? Drop rubble to prevent storm surge? Prevent buildings from collapsing? No, you can’t.”
“Glad to do it,” Penelope Nirin says with a shark-like grin. “We’ve been waiting an entire year to be asked for something we could actually give you.”
“I’m not your problem anymore,” Tony interrupts. “You can’t frog-march me to the doctors. I’m fine, the armour is basically indestructible,” he winces, “barring certain notable exceptions.”
“You’re my friend,” he says staunchly but desperation bleeds into his voice. He knows how easily friends slip through your fingers. “Please believe me.”
“Tony - ” Steve had murmured desperately as blood leaked through his fingers. “ - you can’t leave me. Don’t - “
That same unfamiliar expression flickered across Tony’s face and Steve only now realized it was pain. Before he could move there was a familiar
“I’m done.” It’s been true for awhile. Tony was right, he’d called it back on the Helicarrier years ago, Steve is a relic.
“You used to call me Cap. Or any other nickname you came up with.” He grew frustrated by his own lack of argument. "Now it’s just… ”
Steve stared into his flat coke. “It got bad,” he confessed, “there were times I could have killed him.”
He doesn’t tell Steve because Steve is old-fashioned enough to believe the stories and there are only two ways it goes: either he’ll demand to know who it is that Tony loves so much and so fiercely he will die for them. He won’t believe it when Tony says there’s no one else. That it’s Steve. It’s always Steve. Or his husband - the man who kisses him goodbye, who makes the best pancakes, who holds him close - doesn’t love him anymore.
Stark gives a short, giddy laugh. “We were finished a while ago, Rogers.” A long while. Siberia, Ultron, SHIELD, before even. Stark turns away. “Get out. And take that with you.” He motions towards the shield. “It’s yours. You're welcome.”
Steve wondered, those days Tony spent in the ICU, if there was something he could have done. He was genetically identical to Tony’s ex-bondmate after all. A bite might have stabilized him. It was an academic exercise: Banner would have killed Steve the moment he tried.
They went on. They made better time on the firmer ground though without the position of the sun Tony could only guess at their progress. Sleep eluded them but whenever Steve called for a halt Tony dutifully closed his eyes and counted Fibonacci sheep. Every time he reopened them the sky was the same flat, metallic ceiling and Steve was already awake. Tony never knew exactly how long they made each day last. During their long marches he tried counting the seconds when he wasn’t distracted by the burgeoning panic at the thought of letting Steve down if Tony couldn’t lead them back through the looking glass and home. He always pointed onwards though, towards the receding horizon.
After four months of Richards and Strange running experiments, Peter had disappeared through the veil and wasn’t kicked back. He reappeared two minutes and forty-three seconds later in central Philadelphia. He insisted he’d been on the other side for two and a half days.
He wasn’t fast enough. Steve was always better at this and always had been. Tony’s sprained wrist was broken with an audible snap. Steve threw the shiv away and it skittered across the ice out of reach.
They didn’t stop for lunch because neither of them got hungry and there was nothing to eat. They didn’t get thirsty and they passed no water. They didn’t get tired but they did get bored and old habits die hard. They’d stop periodically to rest and pretend that time still meant something here. But it was Steve’s silence that got to Tony. He spoke only as necessary and no more. Tony tried to populate the empty air with ideas and apologies and hope but none of it filled the gap between them. The sky never changed.
Steve turned and in one smooth motion used his shield to slice into Iron Man. The vibranium cleaved through the exposed thoracic seam as a garbled transmission echoed through the comms. Steve leaned over the downed suit and pried one of the mini-arc reactors loose. It may as well have been an armed grenade as he lobbed it towards what could only be MODOK’s broadcast antenna. There was a bang and then the robot swarm dropped to the pavement, lifeless.
He came down from his high still pinned. The inside of his undersuit was a sticky mess, semen drying tacky. Steve’s forehead was leaning against the cairn in the crook of Tony's neck. The drizzling rain had turned impossibly to snow; small, white flakes floating down and settling onto blond hair like a crown. Steve shivered when the icy droplets melted onto his nape and Tony yearned to lick them off. Instead he stuck out his tongue to catch the drifting snow, admiring the miracle for what it was.
“Yes?” Steve tore his eyes away, the saturated colours imprinted onto his retinas. “What is it, Jen?”
“Well, we better invent something good.” Tony spares a glance at Steve but only addresses Bucky. “You have half an hour to be back where you’re supposed to be, and don’t think I’ve forgotten you knew Rogers could waltz in here at any moment.”
Tony’s not done. “You hung around for an entire year doing nothing but watch me scramble and fail. I kept you out of the Raft but house arrest apparently isn’t lenient enough. I gave you your best friend back when I should have been dealing with mine and you’re upset he’s not like before. I returned the shield you literally drove into my heart and
“You’re suspended,” Steve said without preamble when he found Tony in the common room that night. He still didn’t know what game Tony was playing with them all but it wouldn’t be a liability in the field anymore.
He catches Tony by the arm and the gesture is casual; a prelude to nothing. Steve can’t articulate what’s inside of himself, the mess he has made of them, so he settles for pouring everything he can into two words. “Thank you.”
Because Steve was not the sole architect. This place belonged to Tony too, and so their Hell was beautiful and empty and painless. And here, at the centre of it all, Tony had built himself a warning in a frozen lake: a reminder that devils were bound by ice as well as fire.
. Dinner will be cold leftovers followed by restless sleep and tomorrow morning he will be right back here on this path, going nowhere except in circles.
It was an admission: they could have gotten out of the Ether much quicker if only Tony had left sooner. If Steve hadn’t begged him to stay even as he killed him. If Tony had loved his murderer a little less. Instead they’d done what they always did and stretched each other past breaking point until the worst had come to pass.
“Shouldn’t the shock have…?” he trailed off. Bonded didn’t mean forever. Snapped bonds were survivable but even weak ones could make you ill if they were cut off too quick. Being separated from your mate across a dimensional rift had to be traumatic. Possibly fatal.
Tony didn’t hide the bondmark on his neck but he gave a different answer every time someone asked after it. Reckless one night stand was a popular one.
Steve accepts without thinking, letting the actual words of the argument float in one ear and out the other; a skill he honed growing up with too thin walls where the illusion of privacy had to make do for the real thing. The muffled fight reminds him of when he was young; his father would return home, drunk and disorderly, and his mother was awake and waiting. He feels as helpless now as he did then.
Steve watches him go before retreating. Outside his suite window, Vision stands in the driveway, impervious to the rain. His liquid gold eyes shine in the dark, staring at Steve from 100 paces. Vision could have stopped them. Maybe he should have.
“FRIDAY already did a scan. Ribs are just bruised. All the doctors are going to do is retape them and hand me some Tylenol.”
“Lo siento, Lo siento, Lo siento,” Steve chants, rolling the words around his mouth until he understands the feel of them.
Steve’s jaw is clenched closed but the small sounds Tony draws from his throat are obscene in the half-dark. The only reprieve is that at least Stark’s mouth is occupied so he can’t mock Steve for them. For his part Steve can’t bear to look down for long. He steals glimpses of Tony’s silhouette backlit by the glow of the holograms. His hair is dark where it’s haloed in blue. It’s not Stark’s colour; it’s Steve’s. Reds, golds, and browns all belong to Tony, all the seductive rich colours with warm undertones. Steve can’t let him take blue too but it’s already too late. Every time he sees this particular shade of cyan he’s going to think of Stark’s lips and this and it feels like just one more thing Tony’s taken from him.
In front of him is a brown-haired boy of about twelve. Young and whole, and with no idea of what the world will take from him.
Stark’s magnificent in ruin. Glorious in a way Steve never lets himself see: like the angry, destructive hunger of a forest fire is glorious provided you’re not a tree planted in its path. There’s something more genuine in the act of Tony falling apart than there ever is in his triumph. The only bits of him Steve knows he can trust are the ones in pain, in agony, in despair.
No one wants to argue. The agents all take flight for anywhere else. Natasha seems completely unfazed but Steve isn’t fooled. They’re alone in the silent foyer but that news segment is being broadcast live for a quarter-share of America; condemnation played off as investigative reporting.
Stark pinches the bridge of his nose once he realizes Steve’s strategically planted himself between him and the exit. “What do you want? Make it snappy.”
Tony shivered and it wasn’t the cold. He looked into a puddle at the edge of the lake and caught a glimpse of a monster: a demon with tired red eyes and a too long beard with a ring of livid purple bruises around his throat that only ached now that Tony remembered they were there and who had given them to him.
His feet carry him off the beaten path and into the world. His last promise broken. He hopes Bucky forgives him.
Steve’s heartbeat stuttered and he found himself the target of stares filled with varying degrees of wariness and pity. Advocating mercy was easy in the abstract. It was harder knowing what he knew, knowing he’d have to meet Tony’s eyes tomorrow.
Tony’s fingering something from the inside pocket of his jacket. In the dark Steve can’t tell what it is until Tony draws it out and starts walking it across his fingers. It’s a poker chip.
Tony’s bondmark never faded. Maybe the rules across the veil were different and that’s why the bite was as pink as the day he returned, why he never went into shock. Maybe there was still someone else on the other side, waiting where Tony could go and Steve couldn’t follow.
“Have you heard from anyone else?” Steve asks, trying not to betray how desperately he wants the Avengers complete.
Rhodes shrugs on his coat. “And I’ve decided to celebrate my last week of interim Team Leadership with a reckless abuse of power. I’m granting you an off-base pass. Let’s roll.”
“Kiss rings, wiggle her hips, promise things she can’t deliver. You know…” Stark leans against the desk closest to the spinning orb, “or maybe you don’t. Politics.”  He’s in the dark clothes he generally wears under the suit and all Steve can see is his silhouette. “This what you’ve been up to since you tried to guilt trip the support staff?”
“Well I wanted Rhodey but realistically who else were we gonna nominate? Viz occasionally forgets humans can’t phase through walls. You were not my first choice.”
to Tony. Someone who revels in the thrashing pain of others. Steve watches the fake, too-sweet pancake syrup drip off the last soggy square of French toast and wonders how it's come to this.
“I know,” Tony shifts to his feet, ignoring the latter statement, “the system logs sessions automatically and Barnes told me the rest.”
“Yeah. He buried the lede but I’m pretty sure that’s the question that’ll determine if I get thrown back in prison the next time I step out of line.”
He coughs up a single petal on the sixth of July. It doesn’t hurt, not that first time, and the gulp of clear air after the obstruction’s passed tastes sweet. The petal is violet with a yellow tipped edge, no larger than a nickel, soft around the edges. He has no idea what kind it is, he hasn't yet learned to name the near infinite varieties.
Steve grabbed an alcohol swab from the tools he’d preemptively arranged on his desk. He meticulously cleaned and sutured the wound. It took a long time. In the Ether Tony had done it for him, and Steve lacked the muscle memory and dexterity of eons of practice. When he was finished he admired himself in the mirror, his fingers skipping over the raised stitches. The general pain had dulled to a background roar.
“Here’s the part where I’m supposed to say I kept it secret to protect you. But I didn’t. It wasn’t for your benefit, it was for mine. I don’t exactly come off well:
Tony plummeted off the parapet soon after that. He hit the ground with a faint thud, legs sprawled on impact. The first death in paradise. It was an ugly sight: the fractured limbs clashing with the perfection around it. Steve was well and truly alone for the first time in a long, long while. He had stared at the body for ages before going down. There was no rush, he had all the time in the world.
Steve can hear the capital ‘L’ implicit in list and knows Bucky means the list of the Winter Soldier’s assassinations. It makes sense that Stark would tell them. Tony doesn’t like to repeat mistakes either.
Steve wants to live in a universe where he can be happy and good at the same time. He wants people to have the same faith in him that he does in them. “I want things to go back to the way they were.”
“She likes you.” Tony’s expression is flatly disbelieving. “She warned me the whole time not to hurt you. I didn’t listen. There was yelling.”
Tony replies and there is old, worn bitterness underneath. Steve fell back in love at the same time he made sure Tony could never love him again. Maybe to survive Hanahaki you need both. Maybe that’s why so many die.
hell, maybe. Captivity more likely. A miscalculated last resort most probably and if Tony’s past desperate plans were prescient. He couldn’t remember and he was no longer sure he wanted to if this was the solution he’d come up with.
“I’m well aware I wasn’t the primary enticement, I meant Barnes. I gave your buddy access to the best, most technologically advanced psychiatric care in the world and you stayed for him. And now he’s free to go.”
“Fucking coffee?” Tony looks incredulous, like he expected Steve to bring him a bottle of whisky. “I can’t even believe you.”
“ Steve’s jaw clicked. Tony didn’t even notice. “It was hardly a heroic tale of romance and perseverance. I just liked that you thought it was. You thought I got married and revolutionized the world. I didn’t want to admit to you how badly I failed.”
don’t owe him. Let someone else carry that weight.” He wills every bit of faith he can across the gulf between them. “You owe it to yourself to get better with or without Tony. You deserve that.”
Stark reopens his eyes and for a moment he’s still Tony. He’s not the pristine playboy darling he plays for the media or the uncaring, egotistical genius that Steve has occasionally accused him of being. The red mark just north of his collarbone serves as a reminder of his fragility; physical proof that Steve can still affect the world around him.
. Christ Steve, you kept asking about his mate like he had a sweetie back home. He was an omega stranded in a techless, medieval world that literally thought he was evil incarnate, he didn’t get
. Likes to gives lectures of the do as I say, not as I do variety.” His smile slips off his face. “So this little speech about responsibility towards the Team, means
Steve learns something important in the eight days he spends as an actual prisoner of Tony Stark. He loses himself in the utter mess that is the life he chose and hates. He can’t keep lying to Bucky and stealing half-measures of affection from Stark. He mourns the loss of his closeness with Natasha and resents the effort it takes to put up a front for Sam. He misses Clint and Lang, Thor and Bruce, but they’re free while he’s not and he hates them for that too. He can’t bring himself to cheer when Wanda pulls herself up without them because they were all supposed to win and lose together.
Tony retracted his helmet. He looked awful: pale and sweating with dark circles under his eyes, but he still smelled like the sea. It made Steve feel wrong-footed.
There is nothing for the Avengers to avenge except their own personal hurts and they have torn each other apart.
Steve stepped into the frigid water and held out a hand in invitation. Tony had the key. He rolled the magic word across his palate before swallowing it down. He could depart the Ether on his own but he wouldn’t. He’d promised Steve he wouldn’t leave him behind.
It's Stark’s. Just like they’re eating Stark’s crackers and living in his house. It’s objectively better than their old, cold place in Brooklyn but it could be so much better. It’s been eight months and the Avengers can’t even manage to be in the same building for Christmas.
The dimensional veil had rules. Only people who were dead on the other side could cross it. Tony hadn’t known that when he strolled through but the portal spat back the Avengers’ rescue parties, one by one. Steve couldn’t make it across. Neither could Natasha, Rhodes, Carol, Thor, Janet, Peter, Bruce, or Stephen. At first it was a comfort: knowing that wherever Tony was he had versions of the Avengers with him. Later Steve would wonder if that wasn’t the worst part.
Steve never actually found out what caused their fight but it occurs to him now that maybe it wasn’t just Tony. That maybe Jim knows about Siberia and the simmering resentments, the demands to prioritize Bucky’s care and the infrequent trips to bed, the weight Steve added to Tony’s life until Jim couldn’t bear to stick around and watch anymore.
Steve feels numb. “Tony isn’t like that,” he looks at the back of his left hand, knuckles already scabbed over, “but I have to hope he will, someday.”
Steve's eyes dart to and from the empty socket. Bucky should never have lost the arm at all because he never should have fallen. Steve should have been faster. Bucky shouldn’t have been left at the mercy of Hydra to be turned into the Soldier, to be sent to kill -
“Leave him out of it.” Tony knows what a sore spot Bucky is. “When I surrendered, you promised me he’d be safe - you promised
. Peter had used those exact words but they didn’t come out as light as intended. Nor should they have: when Steve and Tony fought they tended to take the Avengers down with them. The team was unsettled like birds before a thunderstorm sensing the charging electric currents in the air. A hurricane was on the horizon and they instinctively took up their positions, choosing before being forced to. Luke began hanging around the Mansion more, Carol hung around less. Someone sent the cadets away early every day.
Peter’s separation wasn’t mutual. Everyone noticed him desperately trying to catch Tony’s attention and Tony’s equally steadfast determination to ignore him. Several people - Rhodey chief among them - had issued rebukes along the lines of
Steve was supposed to say that revenge was futile. He was supposed to yell about missions run behind his back and Tony keeping secrets. This was how they always fell apart. If Steve played his cards right they could splinter and take the Avengers down with them, split everyone right down the middle again.
“Of course not,” Tony interjects smoothly with false reassurance. “You don’t judge others but you’re totally straight. Because blow jobs and handies miraculously don’t count somehow and what happened in the forties stays in the forties," he throws Steve a look, "or is periodically frozen and revived for assassination purposes.”
Bucky already told Steve all this this morning. He could barely contain his enthusiasm about reintegrating into the world beyond Avengers Compound. Monitored of course. But freedom without the threat of being hunted or turning hunter. Bucky’s safe, the UN’s satisfied, Tanaka’s onboard… This is all good news for everyone, none of which explains what Stark’s doing here until -
Steve’s hands gripped the cold metal railing and it leeched all the warmth out of him. “Is it me? Is being around me making him worse?”
” Carbonated lemonade sprays out of the can with a fizz-snap saving Steve having to answer. “How’s our favourite one-armed bandit?”
Tony sneered but desperation bubbled underneath. “Maybe I can’t be trusted with myself, ever think of that? Maybe you need to just decide for me. C’mon, Cap, all those times I
Steve turns the ignition and engine comes alive with a deep, purposeful roar. It is not a quiet sound and it drowns out all the things they do not to say.
Steve feels exposed. He flips the cover back over his sketches, protecting them from further investigation. It isn't long before Happy flashes the red taillights of the waiting car outside and Kovalchyk disappears into the night.
Steve went cold. It was what Tony never gave him. It was what he’d killed for. The single word that would have sent them home. It was obvious what Tony would have chosen, he’d shown Steve at the very beginning: a castle, a loyal knight, a wounded king. Avalon was the mystical place they took King Arthur as he lay dying, until his kingdom called on him to return.
As if on cue a rolling shudder wracked Tony’s body. His hand crawled instinctively to his throat and dug his fingers hard into his fading bondbite. It wasn’t anywhere close to the force of an alpha’s bite but his nails broke skin. Beads of blood welled up through new half-moon dents as his body relaxed; a widowed omega drawing comfort from the last vestige of their mate.
“I grew up to be my childhood hero, right down to his taste for liquor.” Tony’s smile is wry. “Dreams do come true kids.”
Bruce told him once from the top of Avengers Tower that to look at the stars was to see back in time. It made the future a little less lonely.
“He just gave you away?” It just slipped out. Steve could never share his omega - share Tony - he couldn’t imagine the Captain could.
Steve said nothing back and that was fitting because this was Tony’s Hell too: a place where Steve loved him not like he’d always wished but like he’d always deserved. Steve led him slowly into the icy waters like a baptism. The white light shone below them and the cold stung like a thousand needles. One final exorcism before being reborn.
Steve's mouth twisted as he looked down at his hands. “I really hoped this time you’d choose different.”
“Well one of us has to get our shit together soon, Spangles. Popular preference and past experience would dictate it has to be you. Given the choice no one’s betting on me.”
Steve remembers an argument long ago about the opposite. Tony had flat out removed the ability of anyone to shut JARVIS down. Not even Pepper could have. It wasn’t the first time Stark’s inclination to trust his tech over the Team had caused a rift but it was the first time Steve realized how deep it went.
“Shit.” Tony hadn’t known they were on a time table. He made his way back to Steve. They had nothing to cauterize or dress wounds. They didn’t even have clean water let alone painkillers that would work on a supersoldier.
“I’m sorry we met this way Captain but your fears with respect to your friend are unfounded,” Kovalchyk says. “I’m merely a consulting psychiatrist. Anthony just wanted my professional opinion.”
Steve was the only person to have ever survived a wound from the Cursed blade. There wasn’t even a scar, just blank skin, when he decided to re-carve it. The knife was sharp as he drew it lightly between his ribs, the welling blood marking its trace. An artist would be a fool not to sketch an outline first. The restless blade tip skimmed over skin like a dragonfly along the surface of a pond, never daring to go deeper. A last ditch preservation instinct.
Steve doesn’t try to put an emotion to the expression on the figure’s face, he just fills in the lines as his memory dictates. It’s easier to concentrate on the details: the strands of hair held perfectly in place, the islands of light in wide black pupils.
“You haven’t been drinking,” Steve says, mildly surprised. He hadn’t put too much stock in Stark’s promised sobriety.
There’s a moment of silence like the clarity after a ringing bell. "Yeah,” Tony’s voice curls around the edges, “everyone’s made that very clear.”
Reed on the other hand had that particular strain of scent-blindness that rendered him practically invincible. “Your answer isn’t the one that matters,” he said simply and then he slipped through Steve’s fingers.
As if in a trance Tony walked towards what he knew he’d find. In the middle of the lake there was a large fissure in the ice as if some god had struck it to pieces or something more fearsome had escaped. Tony could see the calm, frigid waters underneath, glowing. Perched at the edge was a man.
“It’s the only thing I know works.” Tony exhales and his breath crystallizes in the cold night air. “It slows everything down, calms my brain, warms me up. Not the healthiest coping method in the world but I’ve literally invented worse.”
“Well I know exactly what you’re doing and it stops here. We need you,” Natasha says sharply, without sentimentality, but underneath Steve can sense her desperation.
Tony pulls a face. “Don’t start. Doc won’t stop and if he wasn’t helping me I’d sue him for slander.”
“Forget it,” Steve says, pulling his boxers and sweatpants back over his hips. He feels the wet patches on his legs rub themselves into the material.
All Steve's thoughts of Stark are eclipsed by Bucky by the end of November. The Winter Soldier starts regressing and doesn’t stop. At first no one but Steve is concerned. Dr. Tanaka says
Steve knows he should stop here but he doesn’t. “From public information only - guest list, known associates - just give me your best guess.”
Sam shakes his head in exaggerated mourning as Steve steers him out of the common room. The last thing he sees as he retreats is Rhodes’s head tipping onto Tony’s shoulder followed by Stark’s hushed complaining.
Tony broke, a gasping, choking exorcism of tears and pain, and Steve didn’t know where the poison ended and blood began. The church bells rang and Midnight Mass poured out the doors, parishioners parting around them like water.
“Well, he does. They get any non-sensitive HYDRA files the Avengers find, any details I - the Soldier remembers. Tanaka suggested that I could write something too, if I wanted. I don’t think many get delivered. Not a lot of them want to hear from me.”
My outline of Tony’s version of the same year includes: punching Hank Pym, a trip to see Zemo, joining AA, getting stalked by Clint, sleeping with Tiberius Stone in a bid to see if all blonds who hate his guts are the same, ignoring most of Kovalchyk’s advice, getting kidnapped by Stephen Strange, setting up secret meetings underneath the UN, running into Fury in a graveyard, blasting Coulson out a window, hitting on a priest, and turning the entire city of Philadelphia against him.
Steve tried to ignore the way Tony held himself for the rest of the drive, curled imperceptibly away. They turned in early and Tony wandered out to the local pharmacy. Later Steve heard knees hit tile and the choking sounds of bile being evacuated from an empty stomach. There was a near empty blister pack of suppressants on the floor but Tony clearly couldn’t keep them down. It was too late.
“I’m asking you to,” Tony whispered, pulling Steve’s hand away. “I know it’s unfair. I know it’s selfish. I just - Please, Cap. Please.”
The man sat without waiting for an answer. Steve hadn’t bother giving one, escaping the Sorcerer Supreme required a skillset he did not possess. He had heard long ago - from Wanda maybe - that Dr. Strange had once visited Hell with Doom. Steve wanted to ask him if it had been as cold and empty as the Ether or as busy and sweltering as New York in July.
This particular stranger is clearly not an agent. He’s old but not stooped, wearing a grey suit and a tan overcoat. His hair is a shocking bundle of well-groomed white and so is his full beard. There’s a slim, silver-topped cane in his left hand and thin-rimmed round glasses on his lined face. He hasn’t seen Steve, his concentration is focused on fumbling his way through making tea. The old-fashioned kettle has been placed on the burner and he starts pulling open cabinets at random, searching for a cup, a saucer, a teabag, a spoon.
He starts at the hollow of Tony’s throat, he runs his fingers along the corded muscle, memorizing the dips and strength. He brushes his fingertips through Tony’s goatee, the rough texture catching. He guides Tony’s head to the side and after momentary resistance Tony lets him. With his other hand he scratches his short nails along Stark’s scalp and Tony shivers but holds to Steve’s command, he doesn’t move.
Tony pauses as if weighing what truths to divulge in front of Steve. “It’s not. I make a point to avoid - ” his hand makes a gesture.
“You forgot,” she says once the doctor leaves. It might be an accusation, Steve can’t stop his head spinning long enough to tell.
Bucky uses his good hand to rub at the scar tissue of his shoulder. “I just have to get used to it.”
“How long will he be like this?” Steve asks, unable to tear his eyes away from Bucky’s fitful sleep.
“That’s control!” Steve can’t resist stabbing a slice of french toast and dragging it onto his plate. “You always give more than your share because you want something back. It’s the reason you’re buying me eggs and french toast now. It’s why you gave the Avengers everything - ”
”I’ll send Happy to your apartment, he’ll take you to the compound. Be there in 20 minutes, ” and with that, the phone hung up.
“Half-bloods, Immortals, and Legacies! For stupid some reason, the Fates don't think we've been through enough! So we have a new dude we have to defeat! Woohoo? We don't know much but he goes by Thanos. Not sure if there is any relation to our Thanos. Wants to kill off half the universe- yes that includes puppies so train hard, and send your weapons to the Hephaestus cabin to have them be improved! You'll also get some new gear from the likes of Tony Stark- uh”
Peter took a breath, ”Well! I know there are 12 Olympians and there were Titans too...and the Gods overthrew the Titans and-”
”Just peachy. See yah,” Peter muttered pulling his bag over his shoulder as he jogged back towards his building leaving a completely bewildered Percy alone on a park bench.
Annabeth wave him off, ” No- no it's ok.  After the battle the Gods, well we went up to Olympus again. Each of our parents led us into separate rooms and asked us for our sides of the story...at the end they both offered us godhood. I...i assumed that Percy would accept it this time. That he would want to say yes so he wouldn't have to worry about monsters or quests... and so he could be with me forever...so I accepted. Percy...he he didn't. Instead he asked that I be blessed to no longer have nightmares from Tartarus, ” Annabeth wiped tears that we're beginning to form from her face, ” Percy wanted to grow old together...be there for his little sister. I ruined it. But by the time I figured out what he did it was too late for either of us to change our minds... We stayed together for a while and eventually we decided to break it off. Thought it would be for the best. I love him with all my heart and he loves me but eventually he will...you know...like I said it was hard but we still love each other just in a different way now.”
“Well, well, well, isn’t this interesting. Hello Perseus Jackson I see you’ve finally come to join the fight,”
The initial shock wore off and Peter shrugged, ”I mean I knew Thor and Loki exist so it's not too much of a surprise.I like them they're cool. Loki makes really good grilled cheese surprisingly.And I'm interrupting continue please?”
Peter awkwardly shuffled away from Quills grasp, moving next to Percy. Sea green eyes bore into Peter’s deep brown eyes silently asking of he was alright before slowly lowering the sword as Tony was going on a tangent about the battle of New York. They all seemed politely interested until the name Thor was mentioned.
Peter felt his face heat up and he sunk into his chair. The last thing he expected was to have Percy turn around and defend him.
Annabeth began leading Percy and Peter through camp. She had her arm slung around Percys shoulder and they ere laughing hysterically at some joke Peter hadn't understood. Eventually they came to a little house in the center of camp. Peter had some kids excitedly run up to him questioning him on his Spiderman adventures. Some others looked at him suspiciously from a distance. A guy with goat legs was standing there seemingly waiting for them next to a freckled red head and an older man in a wheelchair. The two younger people happily greeted Percy. The man simply nodded his head and gave him a kind smile, ”Rachel warned us that you'd be coming Percy.”
Everything else that had been said did not help the situation, and Starlord lunged at the plum man. All of a sudden Stark in no longer by Peter’s side, he is restraining a friend, Peter keeps tugging and then all hope leaves him.
Thanos moves towards him, he was bigger than any of them had imagined, “ I take it the Maw is dead. This day extracts a heavy toll. Still, he accomplished his mission.”
”Percy, you...you should take the offer...I know you said your mom is having a kid soon and...Mr.Stark would gladly help your family out...”
Peter looked around surprised that Percy had not followed him and quickly rushed back into the hallway to see Percy curled into himself, against the wall with his eyes shut.
Percy glanced down, ”We- we lost...at least in the version I saw. Peter was one of the one's who dissaperes.”
Dr.Stranges cape suddenly cane flying in, draping itself along the mans shoulders, he adjusted himself into a fighting stance, the single that they should get ready for things to become dark and dirty, for there was no way Thanos would play by the rules, “I think... you'll find... our will... equal to yours,”
Blowing up your school sucked. Blowing up the school where your stepfather works, well that really takes the cake now doesn't it. Percy hated changing schools, he hated the position it put his mom in and he hated having to meet all new people every 6 months or so because he couldn't seem to stay away from trouble. Well more like trouble couldn't seem to stay away from him. Goode, was well good. He had finally made some friends and some people from camp even attended there! But here he was starting all over again at Midtown. If Percy didn't feel like he fit in at his other schools, well he really felt out of place here. But he did manage to find solace with 3 teens that seemed to be the outcasts at the school. Percy had first met Peter in his English class. Peter had caught him squinting at the board and leaned forward whispering the assignment to him. Percy became quick friends with the rest of the gang after that. They seemed to be the only people at that school that valued being kind. And if Percy was completely honest he was competently infatuated with the hopefulness and passion in the way Peter Parker talked about everything he did.
Annabeth grabbed his arm and dragged him toward the smaller group, “Come on Spider boy we’ve got to move you before you traumatize all my siblings!”
Percy finally was able to acknowledge that he was surrounded by everyone else who he had joined on Titan or mostly everyone.The alien lady- Mantis had dragged Peter away, and Dr.Strange seemed to be doing his weird floating meditating thing a few feet away.Percy weekly pushed himself up, supporting himself on a nearby stone. While his plan helped there was not enough water for him to be in any condition to do much more than hobble like a penguin.
The moment when Peter spotted the blood on Percys paying body he froze. They'd just gotten too...this could not be happening not now, not to Percy. Peter had lost everyone surely the universe couldn't be this cruel. Taking advantage of the situation Thanos yanked himself away shoved Peter under his foot putting pressure on his chest and pointed the tip of Percy’s own blade putting a small cut on his throat that was deepening every few seconds.
Tony grabbed Cap by the arm and dragged him out of the room again leaving Peter alone with Percy absolutely bewildered.
The trip to Camp Jupiter was quicker than Peter had initially thought. He wasn't sure if it was because the were on a magic boat or if Percy had distracted him making the time go faster. Probably the latter. Percy kept insisting he tell everyone on ship about winning the science fair this year with his model of what happens when a black hole swallows a star. Percy had been quite fond of it. And Percy had fun telling Percy some of his favorite myths that were actually true. Peter admittedly was disappointed when he found out Atlantis wasn't real.
”Stark, ” Percy said, his voice low, ” There is something I haven't told you or Peter. Demigods have dreams that are usually...well let's just say they're visions. Something is coming. Someone more powerful than either of us have ever dealt with. He is going to be able to wipe half the universe with a snap of his fingers... Thanos. I met him before just-”
Nebula: a blue alien that had apparently shown up in the midst of the chaos (but neither Peter or Tony had noticed her arrival) became vital in their survival. She knew the ship, and the rules of space. Something Stark and the Spideing couldn't say they were well versus in. But the trio eventually had worked out a way to salvage the oxygen and gas. They hadn't used the gas yet because they were still deciding the best direction to go in.
”So Spiderman, ” Annabeth said trying to break the awkward silence, ” how do you and Percy know one another?”
Percy looked over at him worried and Peter tried to give him what he thought was a reassuring smile but it turned out to be more of a grimace, ”Listen I'm sorry but I've got to go.”
Class ended 20 minutes later. Percy waited for Peter at the door as he finished packing his backpack up. ” Thanks for that. With Flash I mean...you didn't have to do that.”
”Yes I have a crush on you.  I'm very much not straight. Specifically I'm bi but that's not the point...I can go-”
They trailed behind him eventually leading to what looked to be a training room. The younger boys looked at each other in confusion, ” Mr.Stark?”
Percy closed his eyes and began to feel faint but there was no nectar no ambrosia. Nothing to heal a demigod. Not even a single drop of water besides in his blood itself.
They eventually made it to the fire pit, the flames were roaring wildly. Surrounding them were a bunch of teenagers all wearing the damp bright orange shirts. Well, mostly all, there were a few purple ones in the mix, but either way there was an excited energy to them all they made Peter slightly nervous. He was glad he put the mask back on, he didn’t like it when people saw he was afraid. Peter spotted Percy on the other side of the circle, who was talking with the boy he met earlier, Grover, and 3 other people he hadn’t seen before. Peter couldn’t help but notice how relaxed and happy Percy seemed with these people. Sure, Percy never was cold or guarded around him, but here it was as if he let go of all his worries. Like he was home. Peter supposed in a way, he was.
Brown eyes quickly spun around, shiny from crying but bright with hope’ ”PERCE!” he charged forward and Percy reached out to grab his hand but the moment they touched Percys hand began to grey.
”Oh Spiderman! This is Chiron, ” Percy said point to the man in the wheelchair, ”Rachel, ” he gestured to the ginger haired girl, ”And Grover, ” he pointed towards the half-goat boy, ”and you already met Wisegirl. So everyone met Spiderman. He and the rest of the Avengers are going to help us annihilate the threat.”
Tony stood up and walked over to face the boy, ” Is it? Good. That's good. Now would you care to explain why you and some what looked to be a teenage model we're beating up an innocent old lady the other night? Hmm?”
Of course Flash noticed him staring. ”Ohhh looks like Penis Parker’s gotta crush on pretty boy over here.”
Once at Camp Jupiter they were welcomed with open arms. Percy was greeted by a girl called Reyna and a boy named Frank who were both wearing old-fashioned clothes that resembled what Praetors wore at the time. Peter tried to be extra respectful greeting them even though they were his age because everyone else seemed to look towards them for what to do next. Only A boy dressed in almost all black seemed to treat Percy differently. Sure it seemed he respected him, but the respect looked as if it were more restrained. When the boy walked towards the pair a large grin appeared on Percys face. It was sort of an odd smile thought. Peter had no doubt Percy was glad to see this boy but there was obviously some tension.
Hey guys no doubt you’ve noticed how inactive I’ve been I’m really going to try to get back into this fic, life has been hectic but I love this storyline and I love all of you so know I’m doing my best and I’m not abandoning this story- but I do have a shout-out to @avaclare and @reidk who both have created a fic here called Diving Bell which has a similar prompt so I highly recommend checking them out if you enjoy the story! Thanks for the comments and support it means the absolute world to me! Love,  Kath!
Stark looked at the bickering boys fondly before sitting next to Strange, motioning for the others to join him, “Well Dr.Strange what is this one outcome where we don’t all reach our unsightly demises?”
His shouted we're so loud that he alerted the men in the other room. Both rushed out immediately ready to handle any threat but they were not prepared for what they came across.
”Hey uh Flash was it? Can you just shut up? Peter’s sexuality is none of your business. Besides it's 2018. Some guys like to kiss other guys, it's not that big of a deal just grow up.” Percy sent one last glare in Flash’s direction that made the boy cower in his seat before turning back to whatever he was working on.Peter couldn't sworn he heard a little ”PREACH” coming from MJ’s direction.
I'm so sorry I have been away at call so I've been unable to update due to a lack of wifi! Updates will be regular again! That you for being patient! I'm also aware of how short this chapter is but I felt the need for you to have some content and an explanation from me. A longer chapter will be up tomorrow!
Percy, being the person that he was, immediately ran outside despite Peters protests. Tony groaned started to chase after the teenager while yelling back, ” Pete! Secure the perimeter! Banner you're with me! You 2 wizard guys, take the stone away from here we don't want these alien dudes to get it.Creepy death kid...you go with Peter. Keep ’em safe.”
Peter attempted to grab the man with his webbing, but unfortunately he just ended up getting dragged up into the ship too. Which obviously worried the hell out of Tony, especially when it turned on and started to head up into space and Peter showed no signs of escaping. Mr.Stark boosted his thrusters up to full speed, in prepared for another teenager to jump on his back right before he went after the ship, ”PERCY! Kid! What the hell are you doing!”
Things changed abruptly . Percy was laying over Peters fading body. Dust. Screaming, sobbing. He was in pain and there was nothing Percy could do. Everyone around him was fading, crumbling, dissapearing . Everyone was hurting. His fault. His fault.  There was nothing he could do but watch their suffering. It was like there was a piece of glass between him and the outside world. All he could do was watch.
With a final squeeze, Percy turned on his heel giving a ridiculous salute to the group and headed away.
Percy nodded, ” Posedion, Zeus, Athena, all of them. All the myths, they're real...and I’m Posedion’s son.”
Strange could understand why Stark was so protective of this kid, he was endearing. even though they had just met, he wanted to make sure things worked out-
Peter nodded and reached out his hand to squeeze the other boys shoulder, ”Don't worry Mr.Stark is a good guy.”
Percy simply raised an eyebrow at the boy “ it seems we both have our secrets now doesn’t it?”he responded rhetorically.
Again Percy had to relive some of the best and worst memories of the past 4 years. Sometimes it still surprised him how much had happened in such a short amount of time. Mr.Stark listened intently and it seemed as if he was compiling a database of information in his brain every second. Peter, even though he was somewhat familiar with this story, he was fascinated by the little details that he hadn't paid attention to the first time around. By the time Percy was finished, Mr.Stark was pacing back and forth in the room mumbling to himself.
While Percy could see Thanos’ masking attempt there was still a flash of surprise that crossed his face, ”You know young one, I hate to admit this, but I am surprised that one of your kind is fighting alongside's the likes of them.”
The seagreen from his eyes faded and as Peter reached out in one last desperate attempt to save what he’d already thought he’d lost once today there was nothing but dust.
Mr.Stark nodded enthusiastically, ”Right you are! Now have at ’em no mercy!” and then he stepped back pulling Peter back with him.
“Hey guys....Percy are you wearing an Ironman suit?” a voice said popping out from nowhere, with the voice a smiling Peter Parker who was hanging from the ceiling.
“Hey, what was that?” Peter stammered out unable to stop himself, the curiosity got the better of him.
Tony rested his head on Peter, “Were gonna get home, we’re going to get him back kid we will get everyone back I promise you, “ but it sounded more  like he was trying to convince himself.
Peter obliged and the car ride upstate was almost completely silent which Peter appreciated. He was struggling to figure out what the hell he had done. Once they arrived Peter was led to Mr.Stark’s lab where he met a very angry mentor and what looked to be a recording pulled up on one of his many computers.
Stranges lingering thoughts resulted in a miscalculation on where the next portal should be positioned and this time Thanos grabbed the young boy and flung him out towards an arch about 100 yards away.
Percy rolled his eyes and pulled out riptide, ”Yeah I'm not dying at the hands of some shriveled up raisin thank you very much. Almost let Snow White kill me but this would be a new low.”
”Kid, ” Peter looked up at him, ”No not you Pete, other kid. You are telling me that ALL of that happened and no one noticed?”
Percy pulled away and coughed awkwardly before looking him in his eyes and nervously glancing away. Peter felt his cheeks heat up and then he returned to the room where Mr.Stark and Rodgers were, ”Percy is going to do it! Be an Avenger I mean. ”
Percy ended up getting the Pizza that he desired. Tony was staring at the boy carefully while he ate, and Steve analyzed his every move uneasily. No one had ever beaten him that quickly or that easily. Sure at the beginning he had gone easy on the boy but he saw a challenge and he was pretty sure Percy was restraining himself too. The only one who seemed to be unaffected by Percy and Caps little showdown was Peter. He was laughing at some joke Percy had made. Despite Tony being impressed with this new kid, he liked him a lot. He hadn’t seen Peter smille like that since the first time he had given him the Spiderman suit. In fact they both looked really happy together. Tony walked over, stole a slice of pizza off Peters dish before he grabbed it and flopped between the two.
“Do you think he’s spending tomorrow alone?” Bucky asks the empty room. “Doesn’t seem fair if he is.”
. He couldn’t find it. Not under the soft water, the shampoo, the body wash, the generic scent of exhaustion and relief.
She gives him a cool look. “You. Stark. The rest of the world isn’t keen on another American in charge of the Avengers and Rhodes is a soldier in a mechanized suit. Too many similarities.”
Steve’s already committed. “Listen, if people have to know about… us... for you to get help then I don’t care.”
There was a silence and then Tony shifted and winced. “I couldn’t keep it, Steve. I couldn’t let him use me one last time.”
Today Tony had insisted Steve take a walk with him under the fake sun as if it weren’t just as artificial as the plot Steve had dug. There was still dirt under his fingernails. Tony was walking the top of the parapet in bare feet, balanced like a gymnast between the crenollations. Steve wondered if Tony was self-aware enough to notice his own mental state unraveling or if he was too preoccupied with Steve’s to notice.
“The fire’s not hot,” Steve said, mesmerized. To prove his point, he extended a hand into the burning flames and then slowly pulled it out, uncharred. “It’s not even warm.”
The scene dissolves piecewise: first the house, then young Bucky, then young Steve. Erased until all that remains is empty space and an ache between ribs.
Jim doesn’t take it as the condemnation Steve means it to be. “Yeah, he wouldn’t shut up about it. I haven’t seen him so excited to experiment on himself in years.”
Steve’s eyes grew cloudy. “I remember you telling me everything was going to be alright. That you had a plan, I just needed to trust you and we’d make it through. And then I woke up here.” Steve’s face shifted and he growled. “What did you do, Tony?”
Stark’s fight with Natasha has nothing on the blowout that occurs a week later when Rhodes gets back.
Steve knows what that feels like too, when it seems like Tony has to steel himself just to stand in the same room. “So I take it this isn’t his first visit.”
Him and Tony have a history apparently. They’re in the same boarding school photos, they have the same arresting officer for public intoxication, and then suddenly nothing. The excerpts from their respective biographies reference a childhood friendship that ended in flames in their early twenties and put their respective companies on a collision course. The blond has given several interviews obliquely slandering Tony since then but they’ve had no connection, business or otherwise until last night.
There’s silence after that. Tony crosses his arms and stares out the window while Steve moves pieces of cold spinach omelette around his plate. The french toast isn’t sitting well in his stomach.
Steve didn’t recognize his own voice. “Yours, probably. He saw me nearly murder you in a street. You’re the one who forgot that.”
“Of course,” he introduces them brusquely, “Kovalchyk, Rogers. Rogers, Kovalchyk. What’s the problem?”
The forgiveness feels easy and natural, washing away the guilt in Steve’s stomach before it has a chance to turn cancerous. He’d forgotten what if felt like, how easy it was to breathe.
“No.” Tony steals a piece of french toast from Steve’s plate. “Were you actually concerned or just being a possessive bastard?”
Steve’s hand moves to cradle Tony’s face and the smirk falters. It’s then that Steve realizes why Tony looks so much better after a simple shower. He swipes his thumb under Stark’s right eye and it comes away smudged with cover-up. The hollow blue of the tired under-eye circle shines through the thin layer left behind. Which means Tony showered and then reapplied it.
Steve knows well enough that it’s all exaggeration, just journos filling dead space before the New Year, except the Avengers have to be above reproach. The line they’re walking is too thin. Tony knows this but doesn’t seem to care.
,” Steve growls. At least Stark’s erection is interested in the proceedings because Steve’s lost hope of this being any comfort to either of them.
The only sound in the silence is the whistling of Stark’s laboured breathing, dark head bowed. “Just give me a minute.”
Kovalchyk’s smile is nostalgic. “Howard Stark was one of the last pieces of the past my father dropped. I think despite their conflicting worldviews he admired Howard enough to want to like him. The last and only time I met the Starks, I was 17 and Anthony was one. Everyone called him Anthony then.”
The wooden confessional reminded Steve of a coffin as he climbed into the dark. “Forgive me, Father. It has been… a long time.”
Steve didn’t really wake because he never really slept. He blinked up at the darkened ceiling of his bedroom. The sheets were cool. Tony was safe and sleeping well in Seattle. Presumably. There was no way for Steve to know. He tried to ignore the insistent ice between his ribs but the lingering images of death did nothing to dull it. It was Tony, always Tony.
“Alright…” Tony says suspiciously. Steve starts undoing Tony’s tie, the silk rushing through his fingers. Tony frowns. “You’re not fighting me on this.”
Do not take horticultural or medical advice from this fic. There is no reason a western-Pacific country like Maldecia would speak Spanish. Secrets aren’t inherently bad. I have faith in Belgium. The psychiatrists in this story are way more eccentric than real ones would be but that’s sort of the point. No one dies, no one falls in love, and no one gets a long-winded apology. I warned you all from the beginning.
Steve’s decided, he’s committed, (made another vow he swears he won’t break) but his internal resolve doesn’t translate into external action. Inertia carries him forward and a single step off the well worn track seems impossible. He doesn’t know where or how to start. He doesn’t even know how to articulate the problem. He thinks about cornering Kovalchyk, or asking his lawyer, or saying
The shirt’s easy. Steve hauls his T-shirt over his head and drops it in Tony’s lap without a second thought. He heads for the kitchen only to return with -
Rhodes smiles the sort of smile men get when they know life is good. “The important part is that you and I could totally kick Sam’s Pats-loving ass.”
Steve’s permitted twice-weekly visits to her house, provided he wears a tracker. No one else knows; the specifics get buried under doctor-patient confidentiality, and the Accords council has reached a state of bored apathy when it comes to Steve's fate. That an agreement is reached is not as much of a surprise as Steve’s team of lawyers. They’re enthusiastic about the fight, eyes lighting up with the same determination he saw in the Avengers before a mission. It’s unnerving to know he had this force at his beck and call.
“If leaving’s a mistake then it’s mine to make.” Steve’s calmness is slowly melting away. “And my mistakes don’t endanger the world.”
“It was me, wasn’t it.” Steve can feel something shrink inside him, peeling his lungs away from his ribcage. “Your fight was about me and him.”
Steve remembers the shady clubs and theatres in Brooklyn that were reserved for men of a certain persuasion. He’d always liked women too though, and that’s where Steve always thought he’d land. After the serum there had been a handful of deviant encounters and Steve’s excuses were well-worn: it was human comfort, the war having momentarily scrambled everyone’s priorities. But even if Steve never judged this isn’t something he ever wanted for himself. There was a line somewhere that he didn’t know he hadn’t crossed until now.
The anecdotes were meted out in clusters. There would be hours of silence followed by a deluge. Once Tony started it was if a damn had burst and he couldn’t help but lance the boil. He told Steve about having his fingers broken and public humiliations. About separating the people who abused you from those you knew in a different life. He sung the song of his own death until Steve had memorized every word.
Natasha’s eyes lock with his over Tony’s shoulder because of course she already knew Steve was there. In the space of a single glance he desperately wills everything he wants to say across the distance between them.
A heads up that the next update will be two weeks from now. Turns out I ate all of my lead time already so in the interest of not rushing the conclusion we're looking at the end of February.
Tony didn’t press him. He proceeded to clean the wound as best he could with nothing but spit and polish. He tore some black thread from his own undersuit and used a bent piece of steel wire salvaged from Steve’s uniform to re-suture the cut. Tony’s left wrist was still sprained so the resulting seam was crooked and wonky. Tiny beads of red blood welled up on every stitch until the six-inch gash disappeared under a single line of black and crimson.
“Can I at least get advance warning before we blow this joint next time?” Sam asks because of course he’d come with them. Even after all the negotiation to get him back in uniform, he’d throw his hat in with Steve again.
Steve approaches him slowly like Tony's a wounded animal. He takes the BARF glasses from Stark’s hand and instead of breaking them for Tony’s own good, he folds them neatly and places them on the vanity. “Sam’s his own man. He can decide on the Accords himself.”
Then there are the days it swings the other way. Those times when he wrests control from Tony, inch by inch, with hands around wrists and aggressive, filthy kisses. It’s not enough to be stronger; Steve has to touch just right, has to ignore the myriad of ways Stark tries to rile him. When they have time and Stark has finally run out of words. Then there’s a perfect moment when Tony just sighs and says
“I’m beating you by twenty-two points, I clearly don’t need it.” To make his point Bucky sinks his next easy basket.
The North Wing of the Compound is strictly off limits to non-appointed staff but one of the medical technicians buzzes Steve through the door with a smile. It’s nothing more than natural friendliness but that’s rare enough these days that Steve conjures up a smile back. The rictus feels fake and plastic stretched across his face. He thinks that it didn’t used to.
Steve pressed a palm to his cheek and relished the ache Bucky’s fist had left. “Where’s Tony?” he asked, the barest strands of panic beginning to coalesce.
had been an internal construct. Without consistent physics or physiological cues the hours deformed like plasticine and the days followed suit. Keeping track had been a fool’s errand so they had simply given in and surrendered to the madness of endless existence.
“Thank you,” Steve says and finds he means it. “I hadn’t seen her in..." Absent the immediacy of the sting he can feel a warm thaw in his chest. “Thank you.”
“Answer the question,” Steve growled, posture rigid and bristling. He hated this part of himself that needed to be obeyed and had the violence to enforce it.
Four days from now, the 18th; skipping over the anniversary completely. Steve knows why Bucky wants this. He understands guilt and the need to keep your wounds from bleeding onto others and like the hypocrite he is Steve still wants Bucky to trust him with all of it.
He didn’t mean Steve. He meant Bucky. Steve had screamed inside and swallowed it down. He couldn’t let Bucky go alone. What were all Steve’s pride and principles worth next to his best friend’s life? Nothing, as it turns out. He’d turned into the type of hypocrite he’d always hated - someone who claimed sacrifices were necessary but couldn’t make any of their own. He couldn’t sacrifice Bucky’s chance.
Only once the kettle’s on does Kovalchyk start, “I loved my father and he was a lucky man. He was a calculator - a numbers man - for a rather famous scientist by the name of Boleslaw Walas. He sent my father to London for a conference in the late summer of 1939. The Nazis invaded Poland in the meantime.” Kovalchyk pauses. “Walas was not a lucky man.”
Steve unwinds tape and watches Stark swallow two painkillers dry. For once Tony sits perfectly still. Steve is unerringly careful; fingers cautious and gentle, but the damage is already done. He never hurts Stark intentionally but he is never as careful as he could have been and that's their entire history isn’t it?
From this angle he can see past Tony's sunglasses to the tired crinkles around brown eyes. “Just drive, Rogers.”
Steve has only ever kissed a handful of women and never a man so his technique might be rusty but it really doesn’t matter because Tony comes back online all at once. He wrests control back because Tony is Tony, but something instinctive in Steve fights the handover anyway.
“Apart from you and Rogers crashing the party,” Tony mumbles. He spins to face them, walls back up, and bristles as he eyes Steve. “Fucking Natasha.”
Steve sped up but Tony barely noticed. The hand around his throat tightened with every thrust but nothing could tear Tony’s gaze away from his own empty mask mocking him. He was fighting to breathe now and it reminded him of the tree’s empty noose. Steve leaned down and kissed him, never breaking pace. His grip never loosened and Tony knew he didn’t have enough breath left to call him off; that agreed-upon word that would make it all stop hovering just out of reach at the edge of conscious thought. Tony watched the bright rain reflect off the Iron Man mask as the black spots in his vision started swarming, the man he loved in his arms.
It was a relief in a way. Bucky needed someone and Steve couldn’t be that person. Not right now. It was healthy and good and deserved.
But the kind of soul who loves for nothing in return is the kind that lets love suffocate them instead of relearning how to breathe. You do not die of the blossoms in your lungs, you die of a life spent on someone unable to repay you in kind. In some ways it is easier to endure a slow, brutal death than to give up a fantasy that sustains you. The blooms simply force your hand. Until then they treat you as what you are: dead already. Fertilizer.
In addition, it turns out I can't write love declarations, apologies, or fight scenes, so I've skipped all of that. Many other stories cover that ground better than I ever could. (I hardly know people in real life who are emotionally erudite, I can't bring myself to write characters that way.)
Tony eventually slipped back under the covers and plastered himself to Steve’s front again. Steve tried to ignore the feeling of rightness. It didn’t belong to him and Tony had made it clear three times over that it never would. Under his palm he could feel Tony’s heartbeat. Fast. Too fast.
“I can also take your entire fist. Did you know I could do that? Because I didn’t. He didn’t even get off on it, he just wanted to prove that he could do anything he wanted to me and I had to take it.” Tony turned to look intently at Steve. “What part of
Nothing is special about the day Steve walks away. The idea doesn’t hit him like a thunderclap, it just creeps up on him during his morning run: you don’t have to go back. It’s true: Steve isn’t vital to any part of the Avengers machine anymore. No one’s asking his opinions, no one’s waiting on his shield. Only a handful of people will acknowledge his existence today and none of them will call him Steve. Another twelve hours of
Kovalchyk’s frail hand encircles Steve’s wrist where he’s grabbed him. “To my knowledge no one is currently in any danger beyond the routine dodging of insane megalomaniacs. I’d tell someone if I suspected that had changed. Are you alright, Captain Rogers?”
for that long - could change a man’s scent from metal to saltwater. Steve suspected that was the sort of bond that hurt to lose.
It’s a fantastic contradiction insomuch as Steve has never had trouble understanding Iron Man and has absolutely no idea what to do with Tony Stark.
“Take your pick! It didn’t help, we ended up lying to everyone, I can’t imagine Kovalchyk had anything good to say about it, and
“All Avengers work is off limits unless I sign some version of the Accords and even then the rest of the world might not even take my word for it.”
You self-righteous prick,” Tony says, agitated and eyes flashing. “Wanda lives in a cushy apartment in Amsterdam. I tried to save her visa once and you crucified me for it so maybe don’t play chicken with the US State Department. I take another chance on Natasha because fifth time’s the charm and that’s me doling out punishment? I made Barnes an arm, spent millions of dollars on the rehabilitation of my mother’s murderer - “
Bucky mercifully lets it go. They knew men in the war who were dragged by certain sounds and smells back into the hells of their own minds. He knows to some extent or another, that those men weren’t the exception but soldiers got called weak for carrying the war home. There’s a new label for it now; sterile and proper. Sam would know.
When Steve opens his eyes he’s greeted to a different holographic display. It’s a Christmas that never - and could never - happen. Sarah Rogers was dead by the time her son left for the army, there’s no way she could by talking to Peggy who looks as vibrant as the day Steve first met her. On the love seat to their left are the Bartons; Clint and Laura restraining Cooper and Lila from darting for the presents beneath the oversized Christmas tree. Natasha has a fascinated Nathaniel slung over her left hip as she chats with Pepper.
“I saw the headlines,” Natasha retorts dryly, “but this isn’t about you. What you and Steve get up to has little to do with you and everything to do with James.”
“Don’t focus on the memory,” Bucky sounds like he did a lifetime ago when he had all the answers and Steve had none, “focus on the feeling, the system does the rest. That’s the point.”
On the anniversary of the UN bombing Avengers Compound goes on high alert. There’s a dull uproar around the world the following week; the merits of the Avengers and the Accords get dragged out and pawed over, interspersed with survivor interviews and ideologues on personal crusades. Steve watches rehashes of his own arguments in other people’s mouths and it doesn’t fill him with fire like it used to. It’s been a year: the arguments haven’t changed, the UN hasn’t budged. It’s not Steve’s war anymore. He’s a retired figurehead, nothing more.
Iron Man rejoined the Avengers, so did Bruce, so did Bucky. Logan and Reed went home. Clint won three hundred dollars on aqueducts. (Rhodey couldn’t believe it.)
Tony lets Steve’s words linger, then he tips his head back against the wall, exposing the column of his throat. “Why the hell are you still giving me this speech, Cap?”
“Yes, yes, of course - “ Tony chanted until the hand at his throat abruptly squeezed off the last of his plea.
“Fuck,” Tony enunciates perfectly clearly. His eyes are shut and his whole face is turned to the side in a grimace of pain. “We need a fucking
It’s hard not to feel that it’s the beginning of the end. The final erosion of who they all once thought they could be. The last friendship not to destabilize the Team has finally broken under the strain. They’re all strangers now: Natasha is functionally a ghost, Sam is functionally a prisoner. Clint is smoke, Scott is missing. Thor and Banner are somewhere only gods and monsters can go. Rhodes has been driven away, Wanda has been kept from home. Vision is learning humanity for the first time and Bucky is learning it for the second.
Steve can deal with Stark hating him but he’ll never forgive himself if Tony goes over the edge. He has watched one too many friends fall. “Please just step back. You can’t be drinking and that close to the edge. If you fell…” Steve inhales sharply. “If you fell and I did
Tony raised an eyebrow. “Didn't you ever wonder why Bucky was avoiding you too? He's not too keen on being the reason you go insane and join the Dark Side."
Stark startles. “So it’s back to first names now.” He slams the door shut with what Steve suspects is more force than strictly necessary. “Well I’ve sucked your dick, I guess I’ve earned it.”
Steve's jaw locks and he doesn’t answer as the mildly annoyed expression slips off Tony’s face and slides into alarm. Steve brushes past him and keeps walking. He doesn’t want a confrontation, he just wants to go. He just wants to help.
Tony doused himself and only when he did not awaken from this nightmare did the magnitude of his situation hit him. “Where the hell am I?” he murmured.
They struck out across the desert under the raining fire. When the meteorites hit the sand they burned in place like lanterns lighting the way across the dunes. The sand made it too hot to stop so they didn’t. They walked for hours or days. Time meant very little here and even less in the repeating desert. Tony sometimes looked down at the sand and swore he was walking in someone else’s footprints but soon after the mirage would disappear into the ripples and Tony too would forget. Slowly but surely the rain lapsed and there was nothing but grey sky once more.
Tony started taking scent blockers again and Steve was remiss to admit he missed the scent of saltwater. They were laying in bed, Tony asleep and tucked across Steve’s front. The bondmark on his throat shone accusingly. It made Steve feel like a homewrecker but with Tony pressed close even the reminder couldn’t faze him. It was a part of himself Tony would never allow Steve to intrude on and Steve needed to make his peace with it. He pressed his lips chaste as he could just below the scar tissue that was as good as a wedding ring.
