"Yes. Sherlock did survive the surgery. But I'm not sure about his further conditions." John took a sharp breath. He could feel himself shaking.
Suddenly, John realized. He opened his eyes. He looked at the wall, thinking. Did he just really said that? Admit it to himself?
After what felt like another eternity, a doctor walked to meet Greg and John. John stood up as quickly as possible. Even without realizing this, John was trying to deduce the doctor, to find out anything. But all he could see was that fake smile every doctor had when they had to deliver bad news. John's eyes widened.
He was keeping a hold of that. He won't lose it this time. But the darkness around him started to consume again, trying to silence the voice, John's voice.
He now knew. He needs to fight for John.
"Me and him." Sherlock laughed.
But nothing was happening.
Everything that happened after that was really quick. John used the little opportunity. He didn't hesitate and he shot Moriarty straight into the head, wiping away the grin on his face. Mary was caught off guard, but she quickly turned to shoot John. Mary wasn't fast enough as she was shot too. The bullet reached her hand and her gun fell out of her hands. Another bullet hit her leg and she fell down. John stood there, trying to process what just happened. Mary was now lying on the ground, tears rolling out of her eyes and she was silently crying. John's eyes slowly found Sherlock on the ground. John quickly threw his gun away and reached for Sherlock. He was bleeding badly and was losing blood really quickly. The wound was closer to his heart this time. John tried to stop the blood, but there was more and more every second. He didn't know what to do. His hands now covered in Sherlock's blood made it even more scarier.
." John said, a smile playing on his lips. He opened his eyes to see Sherlock's multicoloured eyes and was glad that he was the only one able to see these different colours play in his soulmate's eyes and for the rest of his life.
"I need to." Sherlock said calmly, even if he was boiling inside. John needed him. John needed Sherlock. And he is going to be there. He is going to ignore his feeling and be there for his best friend. Mycroft didn't seem pleased nor convinced. Sherlock sighed. "It's Mary. Something happened and she is in hospital. I need to go." he looked at Mycroft pleading. "Mycroft, I can't do this to him!" Sherlock was losing his patience. "I can't leave him alone.
"Why, what do you mean?" Greg asked. Why can't the doctor just tell them? Maybe it was John. He saw how bad John reacted to everything the doctor said. He was being careful. The doctor let out a silent breath and said:
He tried. Hard. To move his hand, head, feet, anything. He wanted to scream: "I'm here!". But it was as if his body was refusing to do anything. And so he had to fight.
Two month, two weeks and one day.
Now he is shaking, he is in shock, had a breakdown, possibly a panic attack, cried, his mind is racing just like his heart. Everything opposite calm. But John needs to stay calm. This looked impossible right now.
And then the wedding came.
Sherlock suddenly fails one note. He was shaking, his hand was shaking and it was even harder to play. The fact that he failed to play one note the right way, broke him inside and he could feel tears, which were streaming down his face and making everything around him blurry. Sherlock couldn’t see anything properly anymore. But he had to finish the song no matter what. So, Sherlock didn’t stop. He just simply finished the song, with sad and slow notes. The song flowed beautifully as it hit the end. Sherlock didn’t even finish the last note properly, when he broke down completely.
Sherlock felt the familiar feeling of shoulder rest against his shoulder. He slowly placed chin on the chin rest. Carefully, he picked up the bow with his right hand. He could feel his hand shake a bit, but Sherlock ignored it and slowly raised his hand with the bow in it. The bow touched the first string and he played the first note. Sherlock made a little pause and started again. This time he played two notes and stopped again. When he started again, he added one more note. After this pause, his song finally started. It was slow, it was telling a story. It felt like a start, an intro to something. And it was. Because after that followed more happier notes. The song became just a little bit quicker with every note. Indeed, it was much happier than before it started. Sherlock knew exactly what this part meant.
. John's heart was filling up with hatred, but also love and hurt. He was hurting himself by just looking at Sherlock.
And then the Christmas came. They all had quite nice dinner. Molly and Greg joined them, Mrs. Hudson brought her baked pies and other dishes. The dinner was delicious and quite fun. Sherlock was most silent, but he still responded to some questions. After the dinner, desserts. Molly brought a chocolate cake which looked delicious. Mrs. Hudson baked a pie. Sherlock wanted to try Mrs. Hudson's one, but before doing it, he asked:
Maybe that's why Sherlock tried to stay away from John as much as possible.
It was hard to leave him, but Mycroft was right. John needed a little bit of rest. Since that night, John always slept in hospital, besides Sherlock. He woke up for any movement, expecting it to be Sherlock but to only find out it was a nurse. John did leave hospital to go and change clothes, take a bath, sometimes eat, but he never spent over five hours out of hospital.
He heard the voice even louder, but still couldn't figure out what it was saying. But that didn't stop him from trying. He decided to focus on something simple, like moving a finger.
They both got comfortable with each other really quickly. And everybody were really confused, since John had trust issues and Sherlock wasn't really social. But it just sort of happened.
John slowly walked to Sherlock, took a chair and sat next to him. He could feel tears rolling down his cheeks. John slowly took Sherlock's hand and closed his. He looked down and whispered:
"Am I supposed to?" Sherlock answered a question with a question. John looked away, his eyes closed, his breathing becoming quick as he tried to calm down.
This place was all too familiar. The field was the same, never changing. He hated this place. He hated this day. This was the most horrible day in the year and Sherlock always came here, every year. Of course, he visited this place more than once in a year, but only one time with a violin.
"I'm sorry, Mycroft." Sherlock said, his voice breaking. Mycroft's chest clenched when he heard the words. "I'm sorry." Sherlock whispered again and continued to say it over and over again.
The song was flowing in slow pace, it was just slowly building up. Sherlock’s hand was slowly moving up and down as the bow moved across the string. The notes were all long and emotional. Sadness was the word that could describe it. Loss. Dread.
Sherlock took time to undress John too, taking his sweater off, breaking their kiss. He took off whole of John's top, his eyes lingering on John’s wound that was located on his shoulder. Sherlock leaned in to kiss it, John looking up, breathing in with his eyes closed. Sherlock leaned back up to look at John, his eyes wild, small smile on his. It was like a signal which John ignored and was taken by surprise when he felt a hand on his throbbing bulge. John instantly started moving, closing his eyes. He moaned and the sound made Sherlock even harder. John was panting, his knees getting weak. Sherlock smirked at this reaction while trying to ignore his own erection as much as possible for as long as he can, to give everything for the doctor. He wanted to show how much he loved John, how much he meant for Sherlock, he wanted to make the doctor feel good. John whimpered as his eyes shot open, when Sherlock pulled his hand away.
“Bad morning?” Sherlock said, smirking. He deduced that earlier, but he had to ask. He had to hear that from John even if everything was just screaming a plain yes. John groaned in return and looked at Sherlock.
“No.” He simply answered, his voice not sounding sure.
A teenager behind Sherlock was getting impatient so he just walked around him. Or was it she? Or both? Who knew? Sherlock would have, but he didn’t look up he didn’t deduce them. He just ignored it all, minding his own business.
When the clock passed ten p.m., John finally decided to sleep. Without even noticing, he already stood in Sherlock's bedroom. He couldn't help himself, but John slowly lay down. He felt as if Sherlock was sleeping next to him. The whole bed, the whole room was filled with him. John closed his eyes, with peace in his chest and had a peaceful sleep without any nightmares. It was only a little bit more than four hours, but at least John felt rested.
"Doctor, can you please just tell us how is he?" Greg asked since he knew that John won't do much of talking.
And there was a response.
"Do you see it too?" Sherlock whispers to John. John slowly looks around. Then his eyes find Sherlock's again and he silently says:
Some parts may sound cheesy and I'm sorry.
The name suddenly ringed in Sherlock's head. He opened his eyes and looked up. He saw a short man with blonde hair and piercing blue eyes. He came closer and looked straight into Sherlock's eyes. Pain written all over his face.
"He is the one, isn't he?" Mycroft slowly asked his brother. Sherlock was avoiding Mycroft's look, looking through the window. He didn't say anything, tried to avoid this as much as possible. The pain was too strong, Sherlock wanted to be back at the flat as soon as possible, so he could be alone. Mycroft spoke again "Sherlock..."
"But that's not possible." Mycroft says it into the phone as he opens the door of the car and climbs out. "That is simply not possible." he looks at Mary and John that are holding hands. He slightly frowns. John walks toward Mycroft, noticing how his face changed into something that was supposed to look like fear.
Sherlock stopped to look up. He knew he was close, there was no need in stopping now. But he looked up anyway. Indeed, he was very close to his destination. A shaky breath escaped his lips, as he started walking again, this time his eyes following the entrance to the field. He finally reached the gate. It was closed, rusty metal gate that seemed to not hold any purpose anymore. Slowly, he reached with his hand to open it, but saw it shaking. He looked at it for a few seconds, his mind racing with unwanted memories he would rather not remember right now, but today was that day. He quickly clenched his hand into a fist and lowered it down, opening the gate with the help of his shoulder.
“Will be there soon.” Sherlock nodded and walked back to their room. He changed into something more comfortable and waited for John. Shortly, John came in. Neither of them said anything. John quickly changed into other clothes and laid into the bed. His head didn’t even reach the pillow when Sherlock snuggled closer to John, hugging him. John just let out a sigh, his hands quickly getting lost in Sherlock’s hair. The doctor leaned to kiss Sherlock on forehead and whispered silent ‘Goodnight’ then closed his eyes and fell into a peaceful sleep with his soulmate in his hands.
Moriarty paced in the room, waiting for Dr. Watson to finally arrive. His eyes slowly finding it's way to look at Sherlock and every time he felt himself smile a little. He stopped walking to take a better look at Sherlock. The detective was lying on the ground, his hands chained behind his back. Moriarty perfectly knew it was blood all over his face even if the face was dark with it. Sherlock's eyes were closed, but he was conscious, his heavy breathing gave it away. The detective's chest was burning, he needed more air but with all the pain, it was harder to breath. He was hit too many times. Moriarty couldn't help but admire the view. He just loved seeing Sherlock in pain, if not in physical, then in mental. And now Moriarty will see both of them together. Moriarty slowly moved closer to Sherlock and broke the silence:
But nothing was happening.
So I hope you will enjoy this chapter. Trying to make angst as much as possible xD
The heart monitor showed that Sherlock was alive, but that's all John knew.
"I need your help." she said and looked up the flat. "Is John here?" she asked and looked behind her as if someone was watching her. Sherlock looked coldly at her, because he saw her act pretty clearly.
John walked back into the hospital, the view he already got used to. He slowly made his way to the right room where Sherlock was. Quietly opening the door, John found Mycroft sitting next to his brother, holding his hand. It was as if Mycroft was talking to his baby brother. And he was. John slowly closed the door and walked back to sit next to the door, giving Mycroft some personal space.
. I-I always did. It never changed. I wish you could know how much you changed my life. I felt as if seeing colours." He let out a small laugh. "That time when I checked your pulse after you jumped... I saw colours. I did. Even if just for a second, but I did. Now I know." John smiled and looked back at Sherlock. "They were so bright. But now I know. I know for sure." John closed his eyes and looked down.
Some people have met their soulmate and lived with them happily, some had to watch love of their life share happiness with another person, and just a small amount of people never met the one.
"Oh, some undercover work in Eastern Europe." Sherlock simply answers.
Suddenly, Sherlock pulled away. Both of them looked into each other's eyes, out of breath and panting. They both were still entwined, but far enough so their lips didn't touch. After John could finally breathe, he broke out into a grin, Sherlock answering him. John put his hand on Sherlock's neck and leaned in so he could touch Sherlock's forehead with his own. John closed his eyes, breathing in, still smelling disinfection of off Sherlock.
"Waiting." He spat the word as if it was the worst thing in the world. "It's boring." John said and leaned into the wall, his eyes closed. Greg laughed silently, John now reminded him of Sherlock. He carefully looked at John and saw him close his eyes and focus on his breathing to calm down. Greg just by looking at John could see Sherlock. No, they weren't the same, they were so different but that's why they fit so much. They completed each other. Their friendship changed them in so many ways. Greg might have known that they loved each other and he was just waiting for the day when they both will finally realize. He didn't say anything, it wasn't his business, but he saw the longing looks. Greg knew.
"I know." Sherlock looked at him confused.
“I think you are ready.” Sherlock voiced his thoughts and John was about to ask him what he was ready for, when he felt cold fingers in him and soon enough, Sherlock’s cock entering him and he moaned louder. Sherlock let a strangled sound out, as he thrust into his soulmate. “You’re mine and mine only.” Sherlock whispered into John’s ear. The doctor whimpered, squirming under Sherlock.
That one night he felt strong enough to finally do something. He tried and tried and tried, but nothing happened. He wanted to give up, but he never gave up. So he tried again, but no use. He was stuck with no way out.
"John. Can you hear me? John!" the doctor's eyes slowly travelled to see Greg holding him. It was obvious John was in heavy shock. He was having a breakdown, possibly panic attack.
The day marked January 29th.
"Let's make the game even more interesting!" Moriarty said, clapping his hands together. Both Sherlock and John slowly turned to look at Moriarty while he turned a bit to look at Mary and she suddenly caught what he meant. Sherlock looked up at Mary to see her turning her gun towards John.
The doctor entered the kitchen, while Sherlock was sitting in his chair and he closed his eyes. It was lovely to finally be back home. And what Sherlock actually needed was something he never expected. Right now, he needed some silence, which wasn't new, but he also needed the calmness, he didn't need any new case, but he did need the warmth of the flat, John.
"What flavour?" Sherlock asked while he took a bite. John took another bite and slowly answered:
(See the end of the chapter for
Mrs. Hudson came to visit Sherlock. She didn't say anything; she just stood next to John, gripping his shoulder tightly. After 10 minutes or so, she quietly walked away, silently crying. John hasn't seen her since. She came back after a month, but it was even harder for her to stay calm so John had to lead her back to Baker Street.
And that was when Sherlock noticed that everytime he touched John or other way round, he could see colors. Not clearly, but for sure it wasn't black and white anymore. And every time they became much more brighter. Sherlock touched John on purpose to see the colors. And he could see them better everytime. Sherlock was convinced that John was his soulmate.
"I love you too." Sherlock said, his voice louder than before, stronger. He was sure and wasn't afraid to say those words. The look on John's face made little things to Sherlock's inside. John slowly leaned in and hugged Sherlock, never wanting to let go. They both were captured in the moment, finally happy after such a long time, holding each other, smiling and just being happy that it finally happened. They finally escaped the pain.
Everything was driving insane. And the wait.
John let go of Sherlock's hand and just sat there, looking at the detective. Everything around him was silent, the only sound was the heart monitor. John slowly looked up the heart monitor and saw no change in it. The same pulse, rhythmic heart beat. Nothing new. And like this for a whole month.
A black car pulled up next to the gate of the graveyard. A tall figure exited the vehicle and slowly entered the field.  His posture said that he was from high intelligence. It was weird to see him without his umbrella, but he did it. He didn’t need it.
After some time, John finally left Sherlock's side to go and talk to Mycroft. He knew that Mycroft wasn't here just to see his brother. But John was wrong: Mycroft actually came here to see his brother, also having some news, but his intentions were to visit Sherlock. He didn't come here to tell him all of that, but since John thought so, he told what he knew.
The betrayal, the sadness he felt in that moment. He put it into this song.
In 221B, Mrs. Hudson was vacuuming the living room. Since Sherlock left, she figured that it would be great to clean the place a little bit. She has the TV turned on while she walks around the flat with vacuum cleaner. As Mrs. Hudson was facing the TV, she heard both pitched and deepened voices saying the same over and over again. She raised her head and when she took a good look, screams of fear escaped her lips.
Suddenly, Sherlock stood up, leaving John on bed, craving for his climax and so, so close. Sherlock’s cock was hurting, it had to be touched.
By end of the few days and a case, Sherlock met his new roommate, John Watson.
What Sherlock didn't knew was that John looked at Sherlock the same way and he felt the same. John was just scared to admit what he has been feeling because of being rejected.
"Oh, I'm in no need of them." Moriarty answered. He was so sure, it was confusing Sherlock. John's hand tightened on his gun.
The heart monitor showed that Sherlock was alive, but that's all John knew.
Bright colors. No pulse.
John slowly walked back to his seat. He sat on the chair that was on Sherlock's left. John looked at the detective and felt as if he was in his mind palace, not moving and thinking. John could almost imagine that, but the oxygen mask was the only thing proving that the image was not real and this is in fact the reality. Sherlock's not in his mind palace. He is in coma. Maybe a never ending one.
So he waited. John was pacing, waiting, all of the scenarios playing in his head of what doctor could say to him about Sherlock's conditions. Greg sat in the chair, his eyes sometimes following John. He would just sigh helplessly, and lower his head. He was worried for Sherlock too. Greg almost laughed thinking that maybe John will get out of patients and will trash this whole place. Greg looked up at John again, who was still pacing around. His expression was emotionless, but Greg knew that John's had a single thought. It was obvious now. How much he cared. How much Sherlock and John, both cared for each other.
"I'm sorry." Sherlock whispered, his voice without any hope. He didn't even know what he was apologising for. Did he apologise for how he couldn't save him? Not today, not two years back? For all those body parts? Calling him idiot? Making John think he was dead? For those two years of pain? For not telling how he felt? For not saying things he always wanted to say? Or maybe because all of this had to end like this? Maybe because Sherlock gave John meaning of life again, but is the one who will also take it away? What was he apologising for?
Sherlock started using drugs. He just couldn't cope with all of these emotions. He needed to stop them. He needed an escape. And he found one.
Sherlock walked back to lab to work again. When he was almost finished, he heard somebody walk in. No, two people. Slowly looking up, he saw Mike and some unfamiliar face. Sherlock could feel his heart skip a beat because of this stranger. Turns out, Mike found Sherlock a roommate.
When the plane was up in the sky, Sherlock let his tears go. He was shaking and silently crying, trying to wipe away the tears, but there were just more coming.
"I can't lose you. Sherlock, do you hear me? Don't leave me. Don't you dare. Not anymore. I-I need you." He let out a shaky breath. "Come back to me. P-Please. Don't leave me alone. Just come back." John kept his eyes closed, his head down. He was holding onto Sherlock's hand as if it was his life. Then John inhaled deeply. "I-I love you, Sherlock." John managed to say in whisper.
"I-I love you, Sherlock." He heard a whisper and slowly opened his eyes. He was blinded a bit, but he saw something he didn't expect to see anymore.
John noticed Mrs. Hudson walk in. He quickly put his laptop away and walked to her, quickly taking the tray from her hands and walking to the table to put it down.
Their stories were over.
John woke up to see an empty bed. He heard water running in the bathroom, indicating that Sherlock was there. John slowly sat up and yawned. He stretched a bit and got out of bed, quickly changing from pyjamas into his normal clothes. Today he had a day off and could do anything he wanted, which was a relief.
"Mrs. Hudson, you know how we love your cooking. And tea!" Mrs. Hudson smiled back at John and nodded.
This just a filler and I'm sorry I took so long, it was really hard to write
"I'm sorry to say this, but the baby didn't survive." John breathed out, his heart dropping. He didn't realize he was holding his breath. John closed his eyes and lowered his eyes. Sherlock saw that John won't answer, so he answered the doctor himself.
"Well hello there, doctor Watson." Moriarty walked out of shadows. John quickly took his gun out to point at Moriarty, who only smiled at his movement. All of this reminded of the first time they all met, just some things had changed.
John's legs started to shake and he could feel himself falling down. His hand found it's way on his mouth, his eyes staring at Sherlock in disbelief. John just couldn't believe it. It was just a magic trick. But then he found himself in Sherlock's arms. He felt the warmth from Sherlock and he knew that Sherlock actually came back. Sherlock buried his face in John's neck, as he could feel relief and tears that were threatening to fall. John was shaking and sobbing, hugging Sherlock and never wanting to let go. Sherlock was holding John as tightly as possible.
It was a fact that John loved apples. He knew Sherlock liked them too. There were times when he bought them and apples lasted only for a week. Yes, John ate the bigger part of it, but Sherlock joined and ate them too.
?" Mary mocked Sherlock and suddenly her face changed as if she realized something. "Oh god." she suddenly whispered. The detective read in her face what she understood and his heart dropped. "You love him." Sherlock didn't answer. "You love him and you believe he could be happy with you." Sherlock felt lost. He felt vulnerable.
Slowly, Sherlock leaned back to look up at John. John opened his eyes to see Sherlock like a big mess, breathing heavily, his eyes full of hunger. As quickly as Sherlock pulled back, he attacked John's lips again, with more passion than before, John instantly answering him back with as much passion. Sherlock gently bit John's upper lip, then tongue slowly swept across John's bottom lip and his mouth opened instantly. They both fought for dominance, this time John winning. He started exploring Sherlock's mouth, Sherlock giving John access. Without John expecting, Sherlock attacked John's tongue, eager to get his turn to explore John's mouth. John didn't fought back and he gladly let Sherlock do whatever he wanted. Sherlock's tongue swept over John's teeth and anywhere he could reach.
That's how many days Sherlock was in coma. And with every day the number grew. That was the part John hated. The growing number.
"Where does he want to meet me?" John asked and turned to Mycroft. Mycroft could read every emotion in John's face and doctor's expression was scaring him. John was angry, but he had a little smile on his lips. He was pissed and his eyes were burning with hatred towards Moriarty. John couldn't forget Sherlock and how damaged he looked in that video. The whole atmosphere was burning and it was as if you could feel the anger from John. He didn't want for John to go alone. "Where are they?" John said it so calmly, that Mycroft got a little shiver, almost unnoticeable. Mycroft sighed and looked at Greg, slowly nodding. Greg slowly walked to John and gave him a little piece of paper which had the address. John took the gun and ran out of the flat, nodding at Greg a little.
Sherlock sat in his chair, staring into nothing and thinking about everything. He knew nothing about what Moriarty wanted to do. He couldn't find out anything. This angered him the most.
“Is something wrong?” John didn’t look up.
Sherlock’s notes were high, the song got quicker as if he was getting more scared by the second. And Sherlock was scared.
“I tried to get over. To move on. Please, believe me, I did.” He whispered, not looking up this time, his eyes were still closed. “I’m sorry for not being capable of doing that. I’m sorry that I’m like this.” His hand went to hug his knees, leaving the gravestone. He was leaning into it, fully hugging his knees and hiding his face. Sherlock’s sobs slowed down, but they still shook him every now and then. He would whisper something once in a while, it mostly being ‘I’m sorry’.
, Sherlock. It was my dear twin brother." Sherlock closed his eyes. There were so many clear signs. And he didn't see it. How could he possibly not see it?!
Sherlock sits down and closes the door. The car starts driving. Mycroft looks at his little brother and even if Sherlock is good at hiding his feelings, he knows that his brother was hurt, he can see it. That was what Mycroft feared the first time he met Dr. Watson.
"If he wakes up..." John stopped and looked at Mycroft and saw him looking at him.
A sudden twist makes everything worse and John is made to go to hospital.
Finally, after what looked like an eternity, they reached the hospital. John didn't even wait for Greg and jumped out of the car, running into the hospital. He found a nurse behind a desk and quickly walked to her.
Everything was so clear now. He also heard beeping. It was rhythmic.
Thank you so much for reading this and being here! For your nice comments and for kudos :)
“Are you coming?” he asked John, standing between kitchen and sitting room. John looked up, slight surprise visible on his face. “Don’t act so surprised. I’m fine.” Sherlock assured. John has been sleeping with Sherlock just to make sure everything is ok with Sherlock’s wound. Basically sleeping with him as a doctor. This time Sherlock asked him to sleep without doctor assistance. Maybe that’s why John was surprised. A genuine smile appeared on John’s face, as he looked down, focusing on his book again.
"I'll be there." he answered and hung up. Then the detective jumped to go change into other clothes, but Mycroft grabbed his hand.
"Interesting thing, a tuxedo. Lends distinction to friends, and anonymity to waiters." Sherlock drops his French accent and carefully watches John. John looks down, his eyes brewing up with tears when he stands. Sherlock instantly knew that he did a wrong thing of pulling an act of a waitress. Mary tries to grab John's attention, but there is no use. Sherlock slowly lifted his hand, expecting John to take it, but John is looking at the table, breathing heavily. John then looks up at Sherlock and briefly lock his eyes with him.
"Well, I had lots of fun playing with you, did you?" Moriarty asked and looked at Mary. She didn't tear her gaze from Sherlock, but she gave a little nod. "I think it's time, my dear." Moriarty turned back to look at Sherlock and asked him a question: "Any last words? Something you want to say? This is your last chance." Moriarty turned to Mary and they both laughed.
"An apple a day, keeps the doctor away."
John finds Sherlock with Moriarty waiting for him to finally end this once and all.
"It's an apple pie. I figured I should make it for you both." John smiled and took one cup to drink the tea a little bit.
And he always felt something warm. On his hand. It was always there. Sometimes it would disappeared and it would be cold all over again. He could feel himself slipping away. But then the warmth always came back, and he was holding on it.
The planning.
"Sherlock..." he whispered. John might be losing him, but he didn't want to think like that. He can't and he won't. Not again. Sherlock opened his eyes to look at John. His chest clenched with pain seeing John like that. He slowly stretched his hand up to John's face and wiped away that one tear. John didn't even realize he was crying.
“God, John. So beautiful and amazing.” Sherlock groaned, moving deeper. John clenches around him, making the detective groan, feeling so good. For few moments the room was silent, the only sound was their sweaty skins slapping together once in a while. Then John muttered something under his breath that Sherlock didn’t quite catch. “What did you say? Don’t keep it in yourself, tell me.” John took a deep breath, trying to voice his thoughts, but the only thing he could think of is Sherlock’s cock going in and out of him. He tried biting his lip, but it didn’t work, he needed to say this.
"So what is he going to do now?" John asked. He really wanted all this to end, he wanted a simple break. But also didn't. Sherlock stopped in front of the car and slowly turned to Mary and John, as Mycroft walked to the other side of the car and sat in it.
John slowly walked back to his seat. He sat on the chair that was on Sherlock's left. John looked at the detective and felt as if he was in his mind palace, not moving and thinking. John could almost imagine that, but the oxygen mask was the only thing proving that the imagine was not real and this is in fact the reality. Sherlock's not in his mind palace. He is in coma. Maybe a never ending one.
Mycroft was here too. He came to visit at least once a week, sometimes visiting two days in a row. The image of Sherlock all beaten up and in coma was unbearable. One time, Mycroft walked out to sit in the waiting room. Sentiments never got better  him, but this time knowing that his little brother might never wake up... Well, it broke him into pieces. He kept cool and collected, but he was breaking apart, even if nobody saw it. But Sherlock would have been able to see it.
John needed Sherlock more than ever. He was his best friend, the man who saved him, even if Sherlock didn't realize that. But John needed Sherlock in this moment, to be with him, to hold him.
Finally arriving back home, he found John sitting in his chair. Sherlock instantly knew that something was going on with John. He was in his chair, but he wasn’t on his laptop. Instead, his gaze was on Sherlock’s chair and out of focus completely. Sherlock slowly walked to John and stroked his hair which made John look up. Sherlock gave him a sweet kiss and then smiled at him.
John rushed into the flat as quickly as possible. He was met by Mycroft, Greg and others walking around the flat. His stomach dropped, he could feel that something bad happened, because Sherlock was not here.
John groaned and leaned back, breaking the kiss. He looked Sherlock in the eyes, not seeing their colour right now. John slowly took Sherlock’s face in his hands and the room around them changed, everything appearing in colour. John smiled and leaned in slowly, gently kissing Sherlock, with as much passion. They both closed their eyes, feeling heat radiating from each other, completely lost in the moment.
“The truth.” Sherlock responded. John stayed still then put his book away not meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
"What?" Sherlock let out a small whisper. His voice was still crocky, sometimes cracking and his throat was sore. John turned to look at Sherlock, a big smile on his face.
There was door opening behind John. Somebody entered the room but the doctor didn't care that much to turn around and see who came.
The happiness continued, with a bit of emotional notes included for a bit sadder parts, but it was their life. Full of everything. Sadness, happiness, madness. Anything.
One rather peaceful evening, John decided to have a little walk. He just needed some time outside. Not to be away from Sherlock, he didn't want that. He just wanted to think, he wanted fresh air. He needed some time for himself, to sort everything out. Even if he sat in his room, he could hear Sherlock, he could feel his presence and it made John frustrated.
And in that moment, it was only two of them against the rest of the world.
"John, you should rest." said a solid voice behind him. John closed his eyes and looked down. He didn't want to leave. Not now. "I promise to keep an eye on him. He won't go anywhere when you come back. You need to rest." Mycroft added. John gave him a small nod and stood up. He lingered for a bit, just looking at Sherlock. Finally, John turned around, took his coat and walked out.
John's wife walked out of shadows, the corner John and Sherlock have looked at and saw something. She was holding a gun that was pointed directly at Sherlock, slight grin on her face. John froze, not knowing what to do, his hand started to slightly shake. He knew she was an assassin, but he didn't know that Mary also worked for Moriarty.
He didn’t know that these will be the last words he would ever say to John. And the fact burned like fire inside him. He couldn’t know. But he could feel it. After some time, Mycroft stopped updating him on John. Whenever Sherlock asked about him, Mycroft would say nothing, just continue with whatever he had to say. Then they lost contact and Sherlock didn’t hear from Mycroft for a long time.
"Yes, but please, Sherlock... Come to the hospital." John's voice sounded so vulnerable, in the end it broke. Sherlock knew he had to go.
He heard a voice and stopped breathing. Sherlock knew this voice too well. He could feel the pain spreading in his chest even more, making it harder to breathe.
Sherlock smiled at the memory and looked up to see John focused on a book. Of course, the detective was observing even if he didn't want to, but he couldn't help to notice that little wrinkle on John's forehead that appeared whenever the doctor was actually focused on something. A small smile appeared on Sherlock’s face. Slowly, the detective stood up to walk to their room. It was late after all and he was getting a bit tired which was out of character, but he’s been injured and that’s understandable.
Sherlock could see everything in John's eyes. He wanted it too. So Sherlock didn't wait. They have waited for far too long.
After ten minutes or so, he finally calmed down, his heart rate coming back to normal. Sherlock didn’t cry even if he had tears in his eyes. He was looking at the name on the gravestone, controlling his breathing. After a few more minutes, he slowly stood up. Opening the case, he took out the violin, but didn’t dare to start playing.
Here it is guys. The very end.
What if this was the ending?
Without John expecting, Sherlock slips one finger into John’s arsehole. “Ah! Oh god, oh fuck!” John gasps as he feels Sherlock pick up a pace with his finger. John grips Sherlock’s hair and yanks them up, the detective letting out a moan. Sherlock felt just little bit of pain, but it made him crave John more. He could feel his own cock pressing into his pants and Sherlock wondered how long will he go without touching himself.
"Do you see it too?" Sherlock whispers to John. John slowly looks around. Then his eyes find Sherlock's again and he silently says:
"Don't say a word." He said silently, his voice barely audible. Mary smirked, because she knew she was right.
The song became more frantic, playing all the emotions he felt, all the emotions he heard in John’s voice. He played everything.
"Hello sweetie." Mary said smiling at John, that unrealistic smile John saw even from the first day they met. And just now he found out that it wasn't a real smile. It never was.
His whole chest was heavy with everything. He could feel pain all over it, he couldn’t breathe properly. Sherlock was full of emotions. Rage, loneliness, anger, grief, regret, self-pity, hate, pain, strongest of them all being sadness and love. He couldn’t think about anything else than John. His imagination was working whole speed and images of John’s last moments ran through his head which made him shake violently.
This time, he will only come back in the morning. John has nothing to worry about. Mycroft is there, Sherlock is safe. It's his brother after all.
And it went like this for half of the year. Sherlock never touched apples, never ate anything related to them and it was weird. It was like not him.
"Mycroft?" his voice is not strong enough, it's shaking and Sherlock is scared that Mycroft will notice. He's not stupid, he will.
That one night he felt strong enough to finally do something. He tried and tried and tried, but nothing happened. He wanted to give up, but he never gave up. So he tried again, but no use. He was stuck with no way out.
"Sherlock." John's voice was now soft. Mary gasped. John could feel hot tears on his face, he was shaking and he was scared, that everything that is happening right now is just a dream. He was scared that he will wake up and Sherlock will be gone. But when Sherlock's eyes locked with John's, John knew it wasn't a dream. It was all real and Sherlock was alive.
Mycroft was here too. He came to visit at least once a week, sometimes visiting two days in a row. The image of Sherlock all beaten up and in coma was unbearable. One time, Mycroft walked out to sit in the waiting room. Sentiments never got better of him, but this time knowing that his little brother might never wake up... Well, it broke him into pieces. He kept cool and collected, but he was breaking apart, even if nobody saw it. But Sherlock would have been able to see it.
After some time, John finally left Sherlock's side to go and talk to Mycroft. He knew that Mycroft wasn't here just to see his brother. But John was wrong, Mycroft actually came here to see his brother, also having some news, but his intentions were to visit Sherlock. He didn't come here to tell him all of that, but since John thought so, he told what he knew.
John's heart skipped a beat. There was Sherlock, lying on the ground, his hands tied with chains, his head was tilted and the detective was looking at the doctor. Sherlock's eyes were filled with horror but also relief. He didn't think that John will come looking after him. He was happy that it was John that came here, but also scared. He can't save him. Not this time. Maybe never.
“Eat.” said John, this time his voice sounding stronger. It was more demanding and Sherlock obeyed without giving a second thought.
After they finished eating, Sherlock went to use his computer. John tried reading his book, but even an idiot could see that it was hard reading for him. Sherlock looked up once in a while, until he decided to just ask him.
"The baby." John quickly walked closer to her for support. She groaned in pain again, breathing heavily. Mary was squeezed John's hand, everytime she felt pain.
"You see them?" Sherlock slowly asked, his voice sounding careful and vulnerable. John's smile just grew bigger, if that was even physically possible. John gave a small nod. He could see how Sherlock's eyes light up, full of hope. A small smile appeared on his face and he was happy too. It was finally happening. John's chest made a little thing and it was tickling.
Enjoy this fluff :)
Everything he made was for John. He felt torture. A lot of it. But John kept him going. Knowing that when he will be done, he will go back to London, back to John.
When Sherlock saw John's face, his heart broke. His hair were a big mess, cheeks stained with tears, eyes red from crying. His eyes told so much more. They were full of worry and fear.
The soft voice.
Waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and hoping for a miracle to happen.
"I'm not leaving you. Not anymore." after a little moment, John added. "Never."
The doctor took a long shower, made himself dinner. Visited Mrs. Hudson, had tea with her and a little chat, although it was hard to talk with her, since half of the time she was worrying about Sherlock and crying. It wasn't helping John either.
"Mary."
When the clock passed ten p.m., John finally decided to sleep. Without even noticing, he already stood in Sherlock's bedroom. He couldn't help himself, but John slowly lay down. He felt as if Sherlock was sleeping next to him. The whole bed, the whole room was filled with him. John closed his eyes, with peace in his chest and had a peaceful sleep without any nightmares. It was only a little bit more than four hours, but at least John felt rested.
John runs to find Sherlock, while Moriarty and Sherlock have a little chat.
Sorry it took me so long, I actually had this chapter written, just didn't post.
This happened so long ago. And still, Sherlock could remember it clearly. He could never forget that. It was such a tender moment. And it was the only time he saw John so relaxed and calm.
It was here. So close. He could try and reach it. And he did try.
And there was a response.
The only sound John heard was a faint beeping in the background, which only showed that Sherlock was still alive.
Like a lullaby.
“I brought take out for us. Are you hungry?” he asked John. With all this frustration, John didn’t even notice he was hungry, so he walked to the kitchen without any answer. Sherlock was already wearing his night gown while they sat and ate in silence.
"Apple." He looked up at Sherlock and saw how his eyes widened. Sherlock then slowly pushed the plate away from him towards John, took his cup and walked to his chair to drink it. John stopped eating and thinking why Sherlock refused to eat the pie. He never refused to eat any of Mrs. Hudson's made pies or other her cooked food. Maybe he didn't like apple? No, Sherlock ate apple before, apple pies too. But what was different this time?
Then he heard it.
"Sherlock-" The doctor was loss for words. He had a lot to say, but couldn't find the right words to express what he actually felt. "I'm sorry." was what he first said, or rather whispered, after some time of silence. "I'm sorry, that we had to end up here. I just wish... Right now, I just wish to go back. I-I want to have never met Mary. Maybe if I didn't met her, you wouldn't be here, lying unconscious." John's voice was getting weak. "I just wish to change some things. I still don't understand why you didn't tell me. I-I lost you, Sherlock. For two whole years. I thought you were actually dead." his voice broke in the end a bit. "I'm sorry I was angry at you. I regret that." The doctor looked away.
Sherlock paced around his flat, waiting for any news from Mycroft, but he got nothing. It's like Moriarty is waiting. Waiting for their guard to be down, then he will attack. But the wait was driving Sherlock crazy. Maybe that was Moriarty's point? Sherlock sat down. He wasn't calm, far from that. He didn't take any cases now, he couldn't distract himself with them. But slowly, the detective drifted into his mind palace again. He tended to do that a lot right now. Thinking about everything he could, everything he cared, everything that was happening at the moment.
John just took Sherlock's hand again, slowly tracing circles with his thumb. He sighed and looked at the detective. A few curls were falling on Sherlock's face and John softly, but hesitantly, brushed them on the left side. John could feel cold skin under his fingertips and a shiver went down his spine.
" Moriarty said. John's heart skipped a beat. "
Sherlock came back from the hospital, and right now he is just taking his time to recover fully.
John walked into the room fo find Mary reading a book. He slowly walked to her. Mary looked up at John and smiled at him, but he didn't return the smile. He stopped in front of her chair and extended his hand to help her stand. She gladly took it and with John's help, she stood up. They started making their way towards dinning room, while suddenly Mary stopped. John turned around to see her grabbing her stomach, obviously in pain. She groaned and took a hold of John's hand again, squeezing it. Mary looked up at John and whispered:
"No, look, seriously... Could you just..." John finally looks up. His face drops, looking at Sherlock with disbelief. John couldn't believe, that the man who jumped two years ago, his best friend who didn't have a pulse, was standing in front of him and was very alive.
"Yo-you don't remember me?" John slowly asked, still expecting for Sherlock to smile and tell him he was just joking. But Sherlock just kept looking at John, deducing.
He slowed, counting his last steps. Making the moment even longer than it was before, stretching the time, bracing himself. All these emotions. The ones that were bottled up for the longest time. Eventually, Sherlock stopped. He slowly put the case on the ground. He himself crouched down, touched the damp grass with his bare hand. It was cold, but Sherlock felt as if cold was the only good emotion at the moment. Though, he ignored the coldness. Sherlock didn’t even flinch. Then he slowly stood up, his head still lowered down. He sighed, a cold steam leaving his mouth as he did so.
“Are you sure?” Sherlock wasn’t buying it.
"Who knows?" John nods and then turns away to look across the airfield again as if he will see anything, breathing in deeply. Sherlock looks directly at him until he turns back, then looks down again.
"Is it some kind of experiment?" Molly asked jokingly. Sherlock slowly turned back and took a little glance at John, then looked at Molly.
He heard it. Heard it all. Voices. They were all around him. Talking and saying things. He couldn't make out anything, but he knew that he wasn't alone.
“Only yours.” whispered John, out of breath, panting and moaning again. Sherlock started moving faster, picking up a pace. “Sherlock, oh god.” Sherlock sinks in deep, which feels magical.
The song was filled with words he couldn’t ever say. With things, he was scared to say. With thoughts, he was too stubborn to act on. Feelings, his mind didn’t let to express. This part was full of it. Sherlock could feel tears in his eyes again. This hurt him. He didn’t get a chance, he couldn’t do it. He was scared to ruin their friendship. It was the best and the most beautiful thing he had and Sherlock didn’t want to lose it. But he wasn’t the only one stopping himself. Because Moriarty couldn’t know about his feelings too.
"Twins?" John asked looking at Sherlock for answer, but he couldn't see his face, since the detective was facing the ground.
"I'm so sorry, but Sherlock is in coma." John's heart sank. "And he may not make it." Greg's eye widened, while John slowly sat down. He took his head in his hands. Greg turned to the doctor and said a quick thank you. "You will be able to see him very soon." Said the doctor and finally left. Greg looked down at John. The poor doctor was shaking again. Greg just sat down next to John and put a hand over his shoulder, but John didn't feel him. He was lost in his mind.
His heart was the most vulnerable. It was racing as if it was about to jump out of his chest any second now. It broke into million pieces all over again, this time harder than ever. It hurt so much, Sherlock felt like dying. He lowered his head down again and closed his eyes.
"Play the tape." Some guy walked to the TV and played what was on it. At first, it was dark but then a face appeared. A very familiar face.
“You’re not helping.” He whispered to himself. He opened his eyes and looked up at the gravestone, his head still in his hands. “I’m sorry.” He said a bit louder, his voice breaking in the end. Sherlock could feel his eyes slowly welling up with tears. It’s always been like that, but not as bad as this. Sherlock tried getting his breathing even, eventually doing so, but he could still feel his heart beating fast.
"Two years." John repeated his voice a little bit louder and breaking in the end. He was started to shake a little bit as he could feel tears in his eyes. Anger that John had, disappeared. He just wanted to know why. Why Sherlock didn't tell him. Why Sherlock didn't trust John enough to include him. John could slowly feel his heart breaking again but this time with different pain.
John waits for Sherlock to wake up from a coma while Sherlock is lost in between coma and consciousness.
Sherlock would think that John is an idiot.
“Such a tease.” he said while Sherlock gave him a smirk. John’s eyes got dark. Sherlock’s not the only one who notices things. Of course, he notices smaller stuff, but John is observant too, even if not like the detective. Smug smile appeared on John’s face, as he spoke: “Undress me” His voice was demanding, loud and clear. Sherlock obeyed without giving it a second thought. He walked them both to bed, John falling on it. Sherlock hovered over the doctor for a bit, but quickly got back to his task when he heard a little bit louder voice saying: “
“No, not yet.” John whimpered, needing oh so desperately to come. He slowly took his own cock in his hands, making just few strokes, when Sherlock quickly pulls his hand away, pinning them both over his head. “No, me. I will make you come.” Sherlock whispers, his voice deeper than ever, close to John’s ear, making him shudder.
He remembered the time Mycroft told him about what happened. How Sherlock didn’t believe him and he just simply ran back to Baker Street. He ignored scared Mrs. Hudson as he made his way upstairs to find the flat empty. He wasn’t convinced, maybe John got a new flat? He slowly made his way downstairs to find Mrs. Hudson crying. She wasn’t crying because Sherlock was back. Sherlock could see sadness and grief. She only said one word, one name and Sherlock knew. He knew it was true. The truth, the reality really sank in when he saw the gravestone for the first time. He didn’t cry. He didn’t say anything. For the few days, nothing happened. And then he broke down. He felt the worst. But today it was even more worse.
"John, what is it? What?" Mary asks John worried, seeing how bad John is reacting. Sherlock breathes in again, seeing that his chance to express his feeling was long gone. He speaks again, this time awkwardly:
"I'm sorry." Sherlock whispered, his voice without any hope. He didn't even know what he was apologising for. Did he apologise for how he couldn't save him? Not today, not two years back? For all those body parts? Calling him idiot? Making John think he was dead? For those two years of pain? For not telling how he felt? For not saying things he always wanted to say? Or maybe because all of this had to end like this? Maybe because Sherlock gave John meaning of life again, but is the one who will also take it away? What was he apologising for?
"John, there's something ... I should say; I-I've meant to say always and then never have. Since it's unlikely we'll ever meet again, I might as well say it now." He hesitates for a long time, then draws in a deep breath and raises his eyes to John's.
"Yes, I know. Let's go." Greg helped John to stand up and they both slowly walked out of the building towards his car. This was going to be a long night.
Sherlock was pacing in his flat. It was his flat now, he wasn't sharing the flat with John anymore, since John was living with Mary.
“Women?” John asked.
"I can't lose you. Sherlock, do you hear me? Don't leave me. Don't you dare. Not anymore. I-I need you." He let out a shaky breath. "Come back to me. P-Please. Don't leave me alone. Just come back." John kept his eyes closed, his head down. He was holding onto Sherlock's hand as if it was his life. Then John inhaled deeply. "I-I love you, Sherlock." John managed to say in whisper.
He was somewhere in between. Never getting tired. Oh, he would give so much away to at least open his eyes or move. Not moving was boring. Dull.
Only one bad thing and it will lead to so much more better than John expected.
The doctor took a long shower, made himself dinner. Visited Mrs. Hudson, had tea with her and a little chat, although it was hard to talk with her, since half of the time she was worrying about Sherlock and crying. It wasn't helping John either.
“The things I want to do to you.” John hummed his voice as low as it could get. Sherlock let out a groan, trying to move again, but John suddenly stopped moving, making Sherlock whine.
"Why would I do that?"
Sherlock came back to work and it was good to be back even if it was without John.
“Lestrade turned a simple thing into a case which I had to solve of course.” John smiled and continued eating. For this short amount of time, he forgot about his morning. But his frustration didn’t go unnoticed. Sherlock saw it instantly. He probably figured out why John felt like that. Of course, Sherlock decided to keep a close eye on John for the rest of the day.
"He's happy?" she asked in disbelief. "With you? Here?" Sherlock could see this whole act and it was making him despise her more. "Do you really think he could be happy with
In that one year, Sherlock travelled around killing people. He never really killed people, but every time he heard the gunshot, and Sherlock knew it was himself who shot, his inside shook and he felt sick. But he had to protect John.
John closed his eyes and felt Sherlock’s lips on the tip of his cock. John groaned, as Sherlock took more of his cock into his mouth. He gripped the sheets, having to crave for this the whole day. Sherlock was going slow; flicking his tongue over the tip every time he reached the top.
John found a little bench and decided to relax for a bit. He sat down and a lot of thoughts started to pour. He noticed change in Sherlock. He acted differently, his behaviour around John was more careful. Did John hurt him? If he did, what did he say? What happened?
The world was dull. Everybody got used to it because they grew up with it, but it was still dull. No colors. Just black and white. Maybe different shades, but that's it.
"Yes, well. We have both good and bad news." The doctor started. John closed his eyes, his breathing quickening.
Sherlock came back after few hours, with take out which he put on the kitchen table. He spent at least three hours with Greg that were really dull. All Sherlock wanted to do was get back to the flat, to John since he had a day off. But here he was, stuck with Greg. What had to be only a half an hour trip, turned to be another case.
"John." Sherlock whispered to get John's attention.
“Lestrade?” asked John. He already knew the answer, but asked anyways.
"I'm pretty sure you already figured this out." Moriarty answered him. Yes, Sherlock already knew. He sighed silently and let out an unexpected groan out of pain. Moriarty just laughed. "I love this sound you make when you are in pain." Sherlock was taking deeps breaths, trying to stop the pain in his body, but body was betraying him. Moriarty suddenly crouched next to Sherlock again and janked his hair so Sherlock's face was in Moriarty's level, which made Sherlock let out a cry, his hands trying to break free, causing more pain in his whole body. "I'm sure you and I will have lots of fun. Isn't that right?" Moriarty asked, but got no response. He chuckled and released Sherlock's hair. The detective's head fell down on the hard ground. Moriarty walked away from Sherlock and spoke again: "Secretive. Clever." He walked away into the darkest corner the of room, leaving Sherlock alone on the ground, with few tears in his eyes.
He heard it. Heard it all. Voices. They were all around him. Talking and saying things. He couldn't make out anything, but he knew that he wasn't alone.
"I wouldn't be so sure." Moriarty answered and suddenly a red dot appeared on John's chest. He looked down to see how it travelled to Sherlock's head. John's heart sank. Sherlock took a quick glance at John. From his look Sherlock knew. He remembered the look from when they first met Moriarty. When John told Sherlock to run while he was holding Moriarty himself. He remembered how John's eyes widened when he saw the red dot. And now, Sherlock knew that the red dot was right on his forehead again.
And then the water started to boil, the kettle whistling. They didn't break their kiss. Oh no, nothing was going to stop this moment. John actually wanted to break the kiss, but Sherlock had a strong hold of him, not even thinking of letting John go now. He just simply lowered his hand to turn the kettle off and then his hand got back into it's previous place or rather getting stuck in John's hair. Sherlock started to slowly walk forwards, while John walked backwards until his back hit a wall. Sherlock's hand travelled into John's hair.
One bad morning.
John suddenly stood up and went to search for his gun. Mycroft instantly knew what John had decided. As much as he despised the doctor, he knew himself it was the only chance in saving Sherlock, but he
Sherlock looked up at John, while John slowly looked down to be met with Sherlock's red eyes, as if he was crying. Chains ringed through the whole place again. Sherlock knew that he won't grow old, he understood that with job like this, he will see end really quickly. But he didn't realize that he will fall in love during that time and will have to die together without telling John how much he actually ment. The detective was taking in everything about John since it was the last thing he will ever see. He regretted all those times when he didn't say what he actually felt towards John. He had a chance right now, but he won't do that to John. He just can't. Even if this is the last time. Sherlock knew how broken John was now, but he couldn't break him even more. He's not that kind of person.
"Promise me." Sherlock whispered now. He was scared. He thought all of this was not real, maybe it was his mind palace. Maybe he was still in hospital, or maybe even in coma. Maybe none of this was real. Maybe he's still in plane, on his exile and his mind just wandered further than he believed was possible.
Sherlock’s smile grew a bit bigger. He opened his eyes to look at the gravestone. Then he remembered those little jealous moments. But even the genius can get stupid for some time hence Sherlock not understanding why exactly John was jealous of him and Irene when there was nothing. Irene was more attracted to his brain than Sherlock himself. Besides, she was a lesbian, so what interest could she take in Sherlock?
Everyday he woke up and went to work, to solve murders, mysteries. He just went off with his life, but Sherlock always fell asleep scared, that maybe he will be the little part of people who never meet their soulmates. He was scared he will never see colors. But he had to conceal his feelings, so Sherlock never really gave a bigger thought to all of this.
That's when Sherlock actually died. And was shoot by the woman John chose to spend his life. That's what hurted more than the bullet inside his body.
In the end, his mind broke and he just… stopped. He slowly stopped sobbing, his body stopped shaking. Tears still streamed down his face, but Sherlock couldn’t feel them. He couldn’t feel anything. He was looking into nothing. He didn’t even think about anything. It was all just silent. It was already dark. The night was cold.
And Sherlock did his waiting. He waited and survived. He was saved by his brother and was brought back to London. After two years of torture.
something
There he was. Lying on the bed and not moving. The only thing ensuring that Sherlock was alive was the rhythmic beeping of the heart monitor.
I feel like I haven't properly explained Moriarty's move on having only one snipper. We all saw what Mary can do and no matter what happened, John still loved Mary even if not the same way, but he still loved her. BEFORE YOU ATTACK ME, his love for Sherlock won so he would have shot Mary, if others haven't shot Mary first. Hope this clears up things a bit :)
"I will leave. But you are coming with me." then Mary looked behind Sherlock and he suddenly felt pain in his head and fell unconscious.
Now Sherlock knew nothing ever will be the same.
"England." says Mycroft to answer his brother. Sherlock doesn't know what that means, but he is relieved it's nothing to do with John. From Mycroft's answer it was obvious he is coming back. Suddenly he hears Mycroft silently say, three words only: "He is back." which makes Sherlock's heart stop. He lets out a shaky breath and slowly nods, even if Mycroft can't see him. He ended the conversation and looked through the window.  Sherlock just now realized that he will have to face John again. Sherlock's heart jumps at the thought of him. Now he really needs to take a hold of himself. He quickly jumps out of his seat and runs to the bathroom to look at himself. His eyes are sure a bit red, so he quickly washed his face even if it will have no use. He controls his breathing, breathing in and out, calming himself down and slowly concealing his feeling. After all, Sherlock comes back to his seat, because they will be landing soon.
"Tea?" John asked Sherlock casually. The detective sighed and answered:
"It's nothing." he said.
When Sherlock came back, he couldn't wait to see John. Mycroft tried to warn him, and Sherlock himself felt that something was wrong, but he didn't want to admit that.
Sherlock breathed in once, twice. Then he slowly started playing again. The tune was low, slow, calm. It was calm, but not for long. This part was the last one. This is where it all ended. Where their lives ended.
For John.
"I don't know." Sherlock slowly said. He honestly didn't know. It's obvious Moriarty will want to end Sherlock for good, but other than that, nothing. He slowly turns away and climbs into the car. John wants to grab Sherlock's hand, to say something. He wants to come with him, to the flat, to 221B, but he is stopped. Mary is here. She is his wife and he now has responsibilities. If Sherlock will need John, he will call him, right?
"I'm sorry."
When Sherlock saw John in pool, he felt betrayed and he just couldn't believe it. But the bomb confirmed, that John was just another innocent person caught by Moriarty. When Moriarty let them live, he was so relieved when he removed the bomb from John's body. Something clicked in Sherlock. He realized how much he cared for John. And then Moriarty came back. Sherlock took a little glance at John and saw a person he grew up to care about. And now they decided to die together. But just a little phone call let them live again. They were given a chance for a second time.
For John.
"Sherlock Holmes." he said panting. The nurse quickly found the right information. John thanked her and he ran to the right floor, but when up, he was stopped by a few nurses. They told him that Sherlock was in the middle of surgery and John had to wait.
“Oh, for god’s sake John. Stop lying!” Sherlock raised his voice a little, grabbing John’s attention. John’s desire just grew and he could feel himself getting hard again. “You forget who I am and I know when you’re lying.” John sighed and looked up.
"Miss me?" then walks down the little stairs. They all walk to him. For sure, Mycroft and John are examining his face and Sherlock knows there are little signs of crying, but conceals everything. John seems to catch up.
"You're not over that time."
And there it is. A black marble gravestone. With a name engraved on it. No date, no quote, nothing, only a name. Sherlock’s heart started to beat faster. His breath hitched, pain spreading through his whole chest. Sherlock never believed he loved someone so much, not until he heard about what happened. He never thought he could love him so much, no matter how much he denied it. But he did. Sherlock loved him even if he denied it, even if he tried to hide it from everybody. What he never thought about was that there will be a day when he will see this name on a gravestone. He didn’t even think about it. Not until it happened. And Sherlock wasn’t even there for the funeral. He hated himself for that. He hated himself in general. He will hate himself until his last day. He will never forgive himself. Because he was the one whose fault it was. This gravestone appeared because of him.
John sat down, facing their bedroom and eating. Few seconds later, Sherlock walked out, a towel wrapped around his torso, his chest bare, the new bullet wound, now scar, was visible. John stopped eating and just stared at the bare chest.
But Sherlock knew John was in danger. That's why Sherlock came back.
"It's apple." Sherlock's face fell. He thanked for the dinner and stood up to walk away. He was halfway through when Greg talked:
His end?
“You.” John responded his voice really low, sending chills through Sherlock’s whole body and he felt a big throb in his pants. John took slow steps and stopped right in front of Sherlock. He then leaned in really quickly and kissed Sherlock with passion.
“I’m sorry.” He choked out, his throat felt dry and as if something was in it. “I’m so sorry.” Sherlock whispered and looked up at the name. “Please, forgive me for doing this to you.” He said as if waiting for answer, slowly putting his hand on the gravestone.
Suddenly John sat up. His heart dropped. What if Sherlock saw colors, so bright, just like he did when he took Sherlock's pulse? And by asking what he was supposed to see, he gave the impression of not seeing them. What if this why Sherlock is distant and careful with him.
After an hour or so, Mycroft slowly walked out of Sherlock’s room. He made his way towards his office. He knew that he won’t sleep today. He couldn’t.
“Make it all stop.” that was all he said. Deep sigh escaped Mycroft as they continued to walk towards his car.
(See the end of the chapter for
But no words come out. Sherlock just slowly walks closer to John and slightly bends down to reach for John's hand. When their hands collide, their heart races quicken. Sherlock looks around and everything is so clear now. He sees every colors so bright and he knows why. He finally knows. He smiles and looks down at John who is staring at him, his pupils dilated.
I hope you enjoy this chapter!
"Mary?" Sherlock took a little glance to Mycroft to know if he heard and understood.
The song got quicker, Sherlock got to the part where Moriarty is finally revealed. It all runs quickly, ending with a high note. Sherlock stops for a few seconds. Then a slow rhythm starts. It has elements of the previous part, slower and with lower sounds. It grows, when Moriarty leaves. The song is getting quicker every second, as if entering another part of it. And it was a happier part.
This is the part, where Sherlock jumped and killed John Watson.
Survive. Escape.
He was keeping a hold of that. He won't lose it this time. But the darkness around him started to consume again, trying to silence the voice. But he had to hold on. All of this was getting boring.
And he always felt something warm. On his hand. It was always there. Sometimes it would disappear and it would be cold all over again. He could feel himself slipping away. But then the warmth always came back, and he was holding on it.
Sherlock finally found the right floor. He saw John and his pace slowed down. He couldn't help but admire the doctor, even if he looked like a mess and pacing around. When John finally saw Sherlock, his shoulders lowered and he just felt more calm than seconds before. His whole appearance calmed John.
John could feel himself die inside, when he saw Sherlock jump. His heart dropped, heart racing and breathing quickening. When he finally reached Sherlock, he saw something dark on the ground near Sherlock's head. John knew it was blood. He knew it all too well. But he just had to check for the pulse. He had to touch Sherlock. He had to see if it worked.
"It smells amazing, what is it?" John asked her, his voice low, not to disturb Sherlock. She smiled, because she noticed why John was keeping his voice down. She leaned and whispered:
Mary didn't answer. Instead, she smirked. She looked frightening, Sherlock could see the assassin now.
"I will let you deduce, doctor." Moriarty responded mockingly. John made a quick look around and he swore he saw something in the dark corner on his left of this room. His eyes went back to Moriarty.
"Interesting thing, a tuxedo. Lends distinction to friends, and anonymity to waiters." Sherlock's voice rang when John looked down, his eyes slowly brewing up with tears. Here he was, his best friend, who died two years ago, standing in front of John. It was understandable that John was loss for words. A lot of emotions rose in John's chest and he didn't know which one to express first.
It was a peaceful evening. It's been few weeks since Moriarty came back. John hasn't seen Sherlock since then either. He thought, maybe Sherlock was too busy trying to find out what Moriarty was up to next. Sadly, John didn't know the real truth. Yes, Sherlock kept John updated, at least a little bit. But John felt like Sherlock was avoiding him.
There was no escape.
There he was. Lying on the bed and not moving. The only thing ensuring that Sherlock was alive was the rhythmic beeping of the heart monitor.
Sherlock was sitting in his chair, more like trying not to move too much. Even if it's been a bit more than a month since he was finally let out of the hospital, completely healed. Some people were just too worried. But he didn't really mind. At least he was finally happy and back in his flat, the place he called home, back where John was. Sometimes Sherlock remember how it felt before all of this and he could still feel the pain in his heart, but it wasn't as bad as before. Now he could always calm down, because he knew the truth. And he was holding John in his hands. Thinking better about it, the pain, everything they went through - it was all worth it. In the end, John was finally his. Just how he had always imagined.
“What is it?” his voice was softer than before. Then John looked up. His eyes were dark, full of desire.
"So he didn't tell you?" He laughed more and then looked at Sherlock again. This time, Sherlock was looking back at Moriarty. "What a shame, you will both die without saying things you always wanted to say." John's face dropped. He looked down, his hand lowering just a little. Sherlock closed his eyes and took slow breaths. The pain had eased, just a little and he could finally move more. Just a bit more. "You both amaze me. Even after all this time?!" Moriarty smirked. "Oh right, our beloved doctor got married. That got into the way." He said as if apologising.
John finally arrived at 221b. After Mary and everything, he didn't come back to his house, instead always ending up in Baker Street. As if John knew that something will happen, he had his clothes and other stuff packed. He was ready to leave Mary. He was ready for her to slip. And after all she did.
Sherlock however, waited for John to talk and he expected the worst. He was glad that he chose to disguise as a waiter, it was much better than jumping out of a cake. Although, seeing John's face made him think otherwise. Sherlock tried to find a mistake in his action, making himself remember everything from the start.
"Moriarty is dead." he started. Mycroft swore he saw a little hint of smile on John's face but it was gone really quickly. "We found his twin brother's body too. They won't be a headache anymore. Unless somebody takes their place which I don't believe will happen." John nodded and sat down next to Mycroft.
Just few more strokes and John was coming. He rode it out and fell breathless on his bed. Sadly, this all was unsatisfying. It wasn’t as powerful as he imagined, it last only a few seconds, which was less than usual and it all left him frustrated. John just cleaned himself, changing his trousers and walking down the stairs.
Maybe everything will finally be over. Maybe his life will finally be over. Maybe he won't have to let everybody around him down. Maybe his heart won't burn with the pain anymore.
Sherlock wished there to be a switch so he could turn off his emotions and get to his life before all of this. But, of course, it’s impossible. He can’t turn off his emotions like Mycroft could. He’s not good enough. He’s stupid, Mycroft always told him that. He was just a little boy and he is one now. A lost boy, who wishes for love. Love that is not accessible to him anymore. Was, but not anymore.
This was good. It was perfect.
“There’s not.” John answered, trying to ignore his feelings. It’s not like he didn’t want it, maybe Sherlock wasn’t ready or simply didn’t want to have sex.
They slowly made their way up to a room, that was specifically made for Sherlock. In fact, he decorated the room himself long time ago. Mycroft left him there to change and get ready for bed. When he came back, Sherlock was already in bed and looking out of the window. Mycroft walked to the bed and sat down. Sherlock instantly turned to face his brother. He closed his eyes while Mycroft put a hand into his hair and slowly ran through it, until Sherlock fell asleep. Mycroft sat there for a bit longer. Just making sure.
The bell rang. Sherlock's head shoot up. It wasn't John nor Mycroft, they both would walk in. It couldn't be Gra-Greg either, he told him to not bring any new cases long time ago. Sherlock slowly walked downstairs, carefully. The bell rang again. The person who was standing outside was getting impatient. Sherlock smirked and opened the door to see Mary. Even if Sherlock was left speechless, he won't show this to her.
It was hard to leave him, but Mycroft was right. John needed a little bit of rest. Since that night, John always slept in hospital, besides Sherlock. He woke up for any movement, expecting it to be Sherlock but to only find out it was a nurse. John did leave hospital to go and change clothes, take a bath, sometimes eat, but he never spent over five hours out of hospital.
“Asked me to come to talk about the recent case.” Sherlock quickly finished his tea and walked out of the kitchen to get ready. John was finishing his breakfast. Sherlock walked to John, giving him a quick kiss to his forehead and ran down the stairs, out of the flat. John waited to hear the door close and then let out a big sigh. He then left his cold food and rushed up to his room.
"About?"
"What if I shoot you now? Nobody would stop me." Moriarty giggled in answer. John's words reminded him of Sherlock, just before he walked out of the pool. And it sounded amusing! John and Sherlock were so in sync and they both didn't even realize that. Moriarty said nothing after all, but all of them knew that John won't shoot Moriarty. Not now anyways.
John was walking closely to Sherlock, holding his hand in support in case Sherlock stumbled. They made their way up the stairs and Sherlock opened the door. He was welcomed by his usual mess that was actually comforting and just reminding him that he was in fact home. Everything seemed to be in place, the sun shining through the windows and bringing in the warmth. Sherlock smiled a bit and walked in. It has been a long time since he's been here. He slowly made his way towards his chair sat down and winced a bit as he felt slight pain. John looked at him lovingly, his heart filling with love just looking at the man. He was back here, they both were and it was making John happy like never before.
"I-I love you, Sherlock." He heard a whisper and slowly opened his eyes. He was blinded a bit, but he quickly recognized the place he was at. Everything white around him and that smell of disinfection.
A painful reminder to all. To Sherlock. He closed his eyes and looked down. He could feel panic and his heart rate rising. A cold shiver ran down his spine. He could feel himself shaking, hearing his pounding heart. Sherlock knew what was happening and he tried to control his breathing. Breathing in and out and doing it again, slowly. It was harder than ever. Sherlock slowly sat down on the soaked grass. He hugged his knees and put his head on them.
Survive. Escape.
That's how everybody lived. Getting on with their lives and waiting.
Sherlock remembers their first kiss very clearly. He keeps it safe and locked, but easy to reach.
Two month, two weeks and one day.
"...give me a call." John only gave a small nod and went back to Sherlock.
It all happened so quickly.
"I'm sorry, Mary." he whispered. The words finally sank and Mary covered her lips with her hand, while John took her other hand in his. Tears started to roll down her face. She was actually looking forward for this baby, they both were. John slowly reached for Mary and hugged her. That was the moment when it all started. It's going to get hard for both of them from now on.
"John." Greg tried again. He didn't remember how many times he said this. He lost count. "Sit down and relax. Your pacing around won't help the doctors." He said and looked up at John who stopped and was now looking at Greg. John finally gave up and sat down, but from just a look at him you could say that he wasn't relaxed at all.
This day wasn’t one of the brightest. The sun wasn’t shining, the sky was overcast with dark clouds, making it all gloomy. Was it eleven am or two pm - you couldn’t tell. The weather felt as if it needed just few moments and then it will rain. It was cold. January was always cold. The air surrounding everybody was heavy. No snow, just damp ground. The temperature was just below zero.
Every day, every hour, every minute John was expecting for something to happen. He was expecting for Sherlock to wake up. Holding Sherlock's hand, sitting next to him and waiting.
"John, I know he told you to come alone, but we need a plan. We can't let you go there alone and risk your life, Sherlock would..." Mycroft stopped and didn't finish his sentence.
The man slowly made his way towards Sherlock who was leaning into the gravestone. His own heart felt pain seeing his little brother so broken. He stopped when he was right next to Sherlock. Mycroft slowly walked to his brother and put a hand on his shoulder. Sherlock didn’t even react. He didn’t say anything, he didn’t look up at his brother. He completely ignored everything. Mycroft crouched down and slowly ran his hand through Sherlock’s hair in a comforting manner. He used to do it when Sherlock was just a little boy to comfort and calm him down or make him go to sleep faster which always helped.
Sherlock’s head flooded with memories, happy ones, not so happy ones. Their cases. Any memory, that had John in it.
Every day, every hour, every minute John was expecting for something to happen. He was expecting for Sherlock to wake up. Holding Sherlock's hand, sitting next to him and waiting.
"I've only been gone four minutes." Mycroft chuckles a little bit, but he knows it's no time for fun. Sherlock begins to wonder what Mycroft wants, he just sent him out of the country. Tears are still rolling down his cheek, as he desperately tries to wipe them.
Sherlock put his head in his hands, trying to shut out the voice. If anything, the voice in his head, the memory, was making it all harder.
He tried. Hard. To move his hand, head, feet, anything. He wanted to scream: “I'm here!“ But it was as if his body was refusing to do anything. And so he had to fight.
This was all John wanted.
"No, sorry, not now, please." John's gaze is locked on his date, while she pulls a face and smiles. Sherlock panics a little, since John hasn't looked up yet, but that didn't stop him from talking.
"Oh Sherlock, and what did your brother said? Not get involved?"
Sherlock fell down to the ground. He put the violin away from him and looked up at the name written on the gravestone, his eyes filled with tears. Sherlock slowly closed them, his head lowered down and he leaned into the gravestone. Finally, he let his walls break and first sob escaped his lips. Then another and another and he couldn’t stop anymore.
Enjoy reading :)
"Of course." Sherlock said and looked away. And since that day, they both are living in the flat again. Sherlock seemed to notice how John became more happy being here, but his emotions always changed when he talked about Mary or thought about her.
"If he wakes up..." John stopped and looked at Mycroft and saw him looking at him. I hope you will be there. "...give me a call." John only gave a small nod and went back to Sherlock.
He tried to stop himself, but it was all too strong. Everything was too much. He felt like going crazy.
It felt like forever.
As an apology, I will post another surprise next week so stay tuned!
"That's not why you're here." Sherlock harshly interrupted.
The words echoed through the whole England.
Sherlock didn’t want to eat, but he took few bites which were delicious. He was also trying to deduce John. He didn’t see anything just that John’s cheeks were a bit flushed and he was breathing heavier than normal. His deductions were a bit hazier and were slower. That’s why Sherlock hated hospitals – it always made his head hazy with all the medicine they gave him. He didn’t deduce anything else either, since his phone went off. Sherlock quickly got up to answer it. He came back with a phone, giving little responses to whoever he was talking to. The phone call ended really quickly.
"It's a pie." Sherlock took the plate and sat down opposite John. He also took another cup of tea and took a sip.
"Of course not. Take your best men and follow him. Don't interrupt unless necessary. Nobody needs to know you are there." Greg nodded and and they all left the flat, leaving Mycroft standing alone in the middle of the room.
To finally accept it.
John made his way to the kitchen and started preparing simple breakfast. He turned the kettle on, getting ready two cups for tea. John quickly makes pancakes and hears shower turn off. John was finished with the breakfast and he prepared the table which was surprisingly clean and empty.
John walked to his wife. She was lying on the bed, her face all sweaty and she looked exhausted. John slowly approached her bed. Mary was looking out the window, but when she heard John walk in, she turned to look at him. Small smile crept into her face, but when she saw John's expression, her own face fell.
“Ah! I… I was saying… t-that…” John took another deep breath, moaning again. “Oh god, Sherlock. Please, let me come!” Sherlock smirked, thrusting harder into John.
He could breath in. He felt everything. He was back. Everything was back. He could feel the pain but it didn't matter.
But there was a terrorist attack. And Sherlock needed John's help. John decided to help which made Sherlock really happy. He didn't feel this happy in a long time ago.
John would have laughed if he could. He was in love with the most ridiculous man. And he was happy. But for how long? And he realized just
And suddenly, something flashed before him. A name.
John probably heard Sherlock walk in, as it was still a bit hard to do. John turned to look at Sherlock and smiled that one of his bright smiles. Sherlock didn't stop walking until he was hugging John, holding him close. He buried his face in John's neck, closed his eyes and just kept holding him. John hugged Sherlock back, because he finally could do that. He was slowly and soothingly running his hands down Sherlock's back, as if saying
John thrusts into Sherlock’s mouth, the detective letting out a little gag noise. This is unbelievable. John never thought he could feel this good. He never thought
I hope you liked this chapter and this was just an idea of another way to end this story :D
But all of his hopes were crushed when he walked into a dark restaurant. When he saw John sitting with another woman and John was obviously nervous. He saw the ring on the table and Sherlock knew what was about to happen. So Sherlock felt the need to ruin it. And he did. But he didn't really expect the reaction he got.
John let go of Sherlock's hand and just sat there, looking at the detective. Everything around him was silent; the only sound was the heart monitor. John slowly looked up at the heart monitor and saw no change in it. The same pulse, rhythmic heart beat. Nothing new. And like this for a whole month.
The song was getting quicker every second, more emotional notes echoing through the whole graveyard. It was getting intense, Sherlock’s hands were moving faster, he could even feel his body move in sync with the song.
"Sorry! I'm so, so sorry!" he says while the man tries to dry himself with a napkin. "Please, let me just go to the kitchen and, er, dry that off for you." With one smooth tug, Sherlock pulls off the man's bowtie and walks away, tying the bowtie around his own neck. Then he notices another man put his glasses on a menu he was just reading. Sherlock approaches him. "Finished with that, sir? Allow me to take it for you." The man didn't pay attention while he waved Sherlock away. Sherlock picks up the menu, the glasses and walks away, putting on the glasses as he goes. At a nearby table, a woman's small handbag is open beside her. Sherlock sees that there is an eyeliner pencil on the top. He steps closer and offers her the menu he is holding while taking the one she has. "Madam, can I suggest you look at this menu? It's, er, completely identical." The woman takes the menu as Sherlock quickly picks the eyeliner pencil, drawing moustache. When Sherlock looks back at John, there is already a woman sitting opposite John. Even from the distance, he could see that John was struggling with words and nervous. Sherlock quickly picks random bottle and walks to John's table, interrupting.
I would also like to thank a very special friend to me, Isi! Without you, these series won't be a thing. Thank you for encouraging me to write this and even make it into a fanfiction! :)
"Your observation skills are really weak, doctor. You both should have worked on that more. See, I did brought a sniper. But only one." Sherlock looked up to see what Moriarty was talking about. John's heart sank more as his chest started to rise faster than before. He tried to say anything, but his words were stuck in his throat. Sherlock spoke instead of John.
He was somewhere in between. Never getting tired. Oh, he would give so much away to at least open his eyes or move. Not moving was boring. Dull.
Sherlock couldn't see John's face, but he didn't need to. He felt all emotions in John's voice.
The song was getting a bit quicker, you could only hear sadness in it and know instantly, that something was about to happen. You could just feel it.
"Yes, what if. We don't know anything yet." Greg answered. He had to admit, he was now getting anxious too. Last time, it wasn't that long. How long are they here? 3 hours? 4 hours? "Just take a deep breath. We will wait just a bit longer." John scoffed in answer.
I hope you will enjoy this since this is it, guys! The very last chapter (or is it?)
This chapter sucks and I don't like it myself but enjoy *evil laugh*
John was Sherlock's soulmate.
"Colours." John whispered. That was when Sherlock became lost. He looked up to see John looking around as if seeing the place for the first time. "Colours!" he said louder, sounding like a child who got a present from his parents that he wished for a long time.
Sherlock was happy he was holding John in his arms, but sad that under these circumanstanses. He hated himself for enjoying his hug, but the detective couldn't help himself. Sherlock loved John and holding him was the only thing he could do. Sherlock admired how John cared for Mary even if she lied to him multiple times. He was just like that. He was good.
He couldn't feel it. Did it really went into him? Maybe he wasn't fast enough and Mary shot John.
Sherlock looked up, then down at John to see him burying his face into Sherlock's chest and listening to Sherlock's heartbeat. Just from this sight, Sherlock's heart leaped and started to beat faster. John smiled at this and looked up at Sherlock. This time, Sherlock took John's face in his hands, while John's hands stayed on Sherlock's waist. He looked lovingly at those bright eyes. Sherlock was happy that he was finally able to hold John in his hands, to have him so close and to know that John felt the same way. Then, Sherlock's eyes slowly travelled down to look at John's lips. They looked so soft, so gentle. It was like an invite. Apart from that, he
John loves Sherlock.
Sherlock slowly leaned towards John. The doctor saw Sherlock getting closer and he leaned himself until their lips finally met. They both closed their eyes. Sherlock could feel John's soft lips against his and he melted into the kiss. John didn't wait and he answered Sherlock instinctively. John pulled Sherlock closer to him, feeling his body with his own. The kiss was slow and gentle. John tilted his head a bit to the right, giving Sherlock more access.
The never fading darkness, the unbreakable silence.
"You will kill us." John slowly walked around Sherlock to be in front of him.
“I’m sorry, that I’m like this every time.” He was carefully playing with the instrument in his hands. He was looking at the violin, seeing every small detail, every little story the violin held. “It just... happens.” Sherlock continued, his voice was quiet. “Emotions.” He whispered. Then Sherlock took a sharp breath in and looked up. The name on gravestone made him feel weak. But he didn’t show his weakness while he put the violin on his shoulder. “This song… It’s for you.” Sherlock said. He stood silent for a few seconds, then added: “For us.”
Waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and hoping for a miracle to happen.
Sherlock felt so relieved when he saw John kneel in front of him and hug him. Sherlock whispered his name. And then three more words came out of his mouth.
" Moriarty walked to Sherlock and janked his head by hair. Sherlock groaned in pain. "
There was door opening behind John. Somebody entered the room but the doctor didn't care that much to turn around and see who came.
There was no response, but it was not like John was expecting one. So he continued.
"Why wouldn't you?" She suddenly asked. Sherlock was caught off guard and this time, she smirked. "Don't you want John to be happy?" Sherlock thought back to all those weeks spent with John. How he finally looked happy, how his mood changed whenever Mary was mentioned. Sherlock knew very well that John wasn't happy before he came to live in 221B again.
But everything was so confusing. The voice seemed familiar. But he had no idea who it was. It felt awfully familiar. That was all he knew.
Well, there is one more chapter left but this is the complete end. I hope you will enjoy this!
Sherlock slowly made his way towards one particular place, with his eyes closed, his head lowered down again. He didn’t need to see where he was going. Everything was calculated long time ago, he knew this path too well. He calculated his steps, all the turns, he knew how many minutes it will take for him to walk and when he will need to stop. But he really did not want to stop and look at the evidence. He did not want to look reality in the eyes all over again. It pained him to remember why he was here. Every year. On the same day, same place, with violin. For the past 5 years.
"I know you are awake." Sherlock slowly opened his eyes to look at Moriarty. His eyes were cloudy and Sherlock could barely see, his vision blurring at times. It was hard to do anything for the detective. Every breath, every move caused pain. Moriarty had a little smirk on his lips. He just stood up and started slowly walking around Sherlock. "I can't wait for your little friend to finally come and play." Moriarty added.
(See the end of the chapter for
Their first meeting. Sherlock didn’t dare to admit, at least, not until now, that it was the best day of his is life. It was ages ago, but Sherlock always remembered it as if everything happened just yesterday.
When the plane finally lands, Sherlock has calmed down already. He put his feelings away and focused on what is coming. He finally jumps out of his seat, his face is put in a cold expression. Taking his coat, Sherlock walks out of it to be met with Mary, John and Mycroft. He smiles at them coldly and says:
That time when Sherlock was alone is Soo Lin's flat and was being strangled, he wanted John to save him, but of course he was so stubborn that he didn't let John in. And Sherlock actually thought he was going to die. But that didn't happen.
Small smile appeared on his lips as Sherlock played the first part. Then the song became a bit slower as Sherlock’s fingers slowly glided across the fingerboard. The bow started moving slower across the strings. Lower notes were heard. It was just a little stop, when Sherlock started playing more emotional, higher notes. He slowly lost his smile. Sherlock was more focused than before, he closed his eyes and saw exact memory he put into this song. An anxious feeling crept into him.
"Your wife just texted you. Possibly her contractions have started." Sherlock smiles smugly to himself, while the man runs away. He then takes few more steps and his eyes lock on John, who just took a drink from his glass of water. Suddenly Sherlock stopped walking, as his confidence decreased by the second. Hidden feeling rose from the back. Everything he felt over the years came back. He breathed in to gain his courage, when a waitress bumped into him. She apologized and walked away, while an idea popped into Sherlock's mind. He saw a man with a bowtie and smiled to himself, walking over to the side of the couple's table where he picks up the glass of water and pours it down on the man. The man cries in shock, as Sherlock speaks.
Sherlock just slowly backed away and walked into the plane without another word.
Back in the plane, Sherlock has his face in his hands, trying to hide his pain. As much as he tried, he couldn't stop crying. Not this time. He can't shut it off. It hurts too much. This is what he feared the most. The tears roll down, as much as Sherlock tried to stop them. Stop all of this. He was slightly shaking, silently sobbing. Sherlock heard somebody walk, but he ignored it.
"You do?" he asked. John didn't know if Sherlock was joking.
John saw Sherlock's eyes look a bit down. He knew where Sherlock was looking. And he felt a spark in his chest. He could feel his heart beating faster. He didn't rush it, but he couldn't wait anymore. His own eyes lowered down to see Sherlock's lips. They were so close to him, it was incredible. John couldn't think about anything else than wondering how Sherlock's lips would feel against his own.
Sherlock wasn't the one who started seeing colors whenever he touched John. John himself started seeing them too. And he just needed to check. Sherlock couldn't be dead. He just couldn't.
"Sherlock?" Mycroft was here too. Mycroft visited Sherlock more often now. He was scared for his little brother, so he always checked on him. It seemed that he didn't got any better. Not getting worse, but not getting better either. Always staring into  space and half of the time never really here. Mycroft sighed. "Sherlock." Mycroft waited for Sherlock, while he finally looked up.
"John, look at me." John shook his head and looked down. It was hard for Sherlock to not try and take John's hand, but he resisted it. "Look. At. Me." John finally raised his eyes to look at Sherlock. Because of that, both of their hearts started beating faster. John's breathing suddenly hitched. "Listen to me. Now breath in and out. Slowly." John did as Sherlock said. Sherlock did it with him together and after some time John finally calmed down. Of course, John was still scared and worried, but much calmer. "There." Sherlock whispered. He didn't bother saying 'It's going to be ok', because it can be really bad. He finally let John go. Then they both walked to the chairs and sat down.
"Shut. Up." he said more loudly and stood up, Mary following his move.
That's when everything came back. His mind started to work properly. He knew what was real. He now knew. Sherlock finally accepted the fact, the he fell in love with John. And he was happy, that it is John he loves the most in the world.
"Don't leave me." Sherlock said his voice muffled. John squeezed Sherlock slightly as to assure, but he also voiced his answer.
Like a lullaby.
"I'm sorry." Sherlock whispered over and over again, burying his face into John's neck and smelling his scent. Oh how he missed it. He missed everything about his blogger.
John and Sherlock started to solve cases together. Sherlock couldn't help himself, but he could feel connection between them. And looking at John, Sherlock knew, that he felt the same way. They connected very quickly and in just a little amount of time.
The kiss wasn’t simple. It was heated, full of desire and want. Sherlock could feel it all through the kiss, his own arousal growing really fast. John sat down on Sherlock’s lap. He started grinding a little bit which took Sherlock by surprise as he moaned which made John want to hear Sherlock make this sound more and louder. John took the opportunity and plunged his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth. He tasted every place his tongue could reach while grinding a bit harder, feeling Sherlock shudder, a wave of pleasure going through John himself.
Everything.
That's when Sherlock realized. Now he knew it all. Heart racing, breath quickening, all those little touches and colors. Sherlock now knew the most important thing in his life.
” Sherlock slowly took off John’s pants, leaving him with only underwear. Sherlock then slowly removed underwear too, John’s erection flying up, finally free and demanding attention. Sherlock took it in his hand, giving few strokes which did miracles as John started moving with his hand again.
"What things?" John asked, his voice full of confusion. Sherlock wanted to see John's face so bad, but John was in front of him and the detective saw only his back. Moriarty laughed and turned a bit to look at the darkness as if he turned to laugh with a friend. But he quickly turned back.
“Come with me.” said John and stood up, extending his hand towards Sherlock. Poor detective was such a mess, his breathing was fast. He slowly took John’s hand and Sherlock stood up, as they both made their way towards their bedroom. When the door was closed, John was suddenly against it as Sherlock attacked his lips and John let out a moan. Sherlock’s hands slowly travelled up and down John’s arms, settling down on John’s hips. He gripped John’s hips and pulled him closer. John’s hand stayed on Sherlock’s torso, hugging him.
One day, Sherlock got caught in Serbia. All the torture, pain, memories. Everything mixed and he didn't know what was real and what was only his memories. The only real thing was pain in his back. Every pain he has ever felt. That was real. That was it for him. He was on a verge of giving up. He couldn't think anymore, his mind shut down. It just didn't work. All hopes were lost for Sherlock Holmes.
"Sir, I think you'll find this vintage exceptionally to your liking." Mary giggles while Sherlock continues to talk: "It 'as all the qualities of the old, with some of the colour of the new." John looks at Mary sitting opposite him. Sherlock doesn't stop talking, when John says:
"Last time you blew your head." Sherlock said looking down. John flinched at all the memories that were flooding him right now. Of Sherlock's last words, how he jumped, how he ran to him, shouting that it was his friend so people could let him through, how there was no pulse but bright colors, so bright. Colors he saw for just a second, because Sherlock was taken away from his as quickly as possible. How he spent two years thinking Sherlock was dead, but then, on the day he wanted to propose to Mary, he is suddenly alive.
Sherlock looked at John differently. He felt himself different when he looked at John. He felt this warm feeling in his chest, when he looked at those blue eyes. Smile that made his heart race. Everything about John made Sherlock happy. Just the thought of John made Sherlock smile, but he had to hide these feelings as much as possible. He thought John wasn't interested in him the way Sherlock was.
And he was right. There was a response. From the back of his eyes Mycroft saw Sherlock’s hand twitch a bit. Sherlock’s head twitched too, as if he wanted to turn his head to look at Mycroft but was stopped. That was enough evidence for Mycroft to move. He slowly put his hand on Sherlock hip and put Sherlock’s left hand on his shoulders. They stood up and Mycroft turned to walk. To his surprise, Sherlock was walking normally, but he was also leaning into Mycroft. After some time, Mycroft heard Sherlock’s silent voice say:
It's been already a month. One month without Sherlock. It felt like ten years. By that time, John had realized a lot of things. Things he was scared of. Maybe that would scare others too. He wasn't sure. He didn't know what to do. John was lost.
To close his eyes.
"Hello, little brother. How is the exile going?" Sherlock tries to stay cool and answers without expressing an emotions:
That's how Sherlock Holmes lived. Everyday waking up in question, if he will meet the one his mother told him about, or walk for another day in complete dullness. He tried not think about it that much, but he couldn't help it.
"Oi, Sherlock, what is it with you and apples?" John looked up waiting for his answer. He had to agree, he was curious. Sherlock turned to look at them and simply said:
"What, no snipers?" John asked sarcastically. Moriarty grinned even more. Sherlock was silently deducing Moriarty. He knew that something was up. Something was not right. Moriarty was up to something. He didn't have any snipers, as if he was sure John won't shoot him. But was he really?
"Oh, this will be fun." Moriarty said as John slowly stood up. Sherlock turned his head to look at the ceiling, then slowly closed his eyes. He wished this never happened. He wished he never had met Moriarty. Sherlock wouldn't have to need to fake his suicide. John wouldn't have found a wife. Maybe everything would have ended differently. Maybe Sherlock would have John as his and only his.
Only the bell shook Sherlock out of his thoughts. Someone was at the door and it was obviously not Mycroft, he never rings a bell. Could be John, but it's just a little possibility, what would he need here? Maybe Graham... Greg was at the door. Sherlock slowly walked downstairs and opened the door to be met with... John. His face fell a little, when he saw how the doctor looked. Haven't eaten properly in days, no calm night sleep, nightmares, lost weight, problems with Mary, little signs of depression, anxiety... He could go on and on, but Sherlock was interrupted by John:
"Is Mary o-" Sherlock was cut when John hugged him. Sherlock wasn't used to it, but neither was John so it was new to both of them. Sherlock slowly hugged John back, while the doctor silently cried. They didn't need words. All they needed now was each other.
"It's too early!" John said, a little bit panicking. It was way too early. Mary groaned again and gasped, her waters just broke. John's eyes widened and he looked at Mary scared.
One peaceful day Sherlock invites John to have a walk.
"I was there for you before. I’ll be there for you again." Mycroft held shaking Sherlock closer to him. He knew that this won't help his brother with the pain, but Mycroft wanted to show that he is here for him, no matter what. "I’ll
John finally arrived at 221b. After Mary and everything, he didn't come back to his house, instead always ending up in Baker Street. As if John knew that something will happen, he had his clothes and other stuff packed. He was ready to leave Mary. He was ready for her to slip. And after all she did.
"And then what?" Sherlock meets his gaze for a moment, then looks down thoughtfully before raising his head and gazing off into the distance. He simply shrugs.
He heard the voice louder. Now he knew it was working. So he tried again.
"John, you should know that I was the first to fall in love with you." They both silently giggled. John's hands slowly slid down to Sherlock's chest as he put his hand on Sherlock's chest and laughed. Sherlock held John close to him. When laughter slowly died, John could hear heartbeat. It was fast, faster than usual. John's hand slowly made their way to Sherlock's waist, while Sherlock put his head on top of John's and he breathed in to smell John's shampoo, even if it had just a faint smell. Sherlock started to slowly swing to right and left, while holding John close to him.
"Sherlock, it's Mary." Sherlock suddenly turned to Mycroft. He sat down in his chair and asked:
John slowly reached Sherlock’s neck. He really loves this sweet and smooth skin of Sherlock’s. John kissed his way down, nibbling Sherlock’s sweet spot, licking his collarbone. Going back up a bit, John bit on his neck more violently, sure to leave a mark. Sherlock was panting, his arousal now as big as it can be, painfully trying to escape his pants. He arched up to get more friction, but John had him strangled and he could barely move.
Greg also came to visit. He tried making small talk with John, but it was as if talking to a wall. John reminded him of Sherlock again. Greg stopped trying. It was hurting him too. After all, Sherlock was his friend and right now he was in a coma that could end no matter when. And John's resemblance to Sherlock was like a reminder that the one Greg was reminded of was actually in coma.
There was no escape.
"What about Mary?" John asked. During this time, in hospital, John lost respect for her. He didn't care about her anymore. She was nothing.
"Please." The thing was that Sherlock loved the way John made tea. He loved John's tea. It was the tastiest and nobody could make it better, not even Mrs. Hudson. It just happens that the little things our most loved ones make or do are always a masterpiece and always beautiful.
Then John found him. And everything went downhill again.
What was he waiting for?
Sherlock took one step and then stopped. This happened always. It was getting harder for him to breathe. He could feel his hand shake even more. He got a bit worried, because how will he play the violin if his hand was shaking so much? He cursed at himself and took one step forward, but stopped again. The aching pain in his chest got bigger. Sherlock was sure that it wasn’t there before, but here it is again. Always back when he entered this place. But he couldn’t stop now. He was here, he had only one thing to do and then he could go. Sherlock took a big breath and slowly started walking down the path. The familiar grey gravel path. The one that brought even more sorrow. The one that crunched under his feet. The path that was wet because of the rain.
Sherlock remembered, how he confidently walked into the restaurant John had reserved a table.
The words echoed through the whole England. Greg was in a bar, watching soccer, while the image changed. It was unclear in the start, but then the words rang. Greg's face dropped when he saw who was on the TV.
"Do you expect me to be?"
"I promise, Sherlock." John slowly let go of Sherlock so he could look at him, still holding him close. Sherlock didn't dare to look at John, his eyes darted to the ground. John slowly took Sherlock face in his hands and made him look up, look at him. The world around them changed and John could see colours dancing in Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock could see John's bright eyes. It was now his favourite colour in the world. They both smiled at each other, knowing that each of them saw colours. "I loved you for so long and now I finally have you. I am never leaving you." Sherlock's heart jumped at the words. Then a lazy smirk appeared on his lips.
Why was he waiting?
The song was faster than before, with more high notes. Sherlock expressed all of the words, all emotions he regrets not expressing earlier. He just wishes he was brave enough to be open to everything. But now it’s all too late.
"You let me grieve." John whispered. "I thought you were dead." he whispered again and again, letting all the pain go. Sherlock felt tears running down, because he knew John forgave him and he was grateful, but he couldn't believe that John forgave him this easily. He felt warmth in his heart, feeling happy that he was holding John in his hands after two years of pain.
He wanted to say it. God how it ate him inside knowing that Sherlock will never know.
Greg drove after the ambulance, John in the back. He was still shaking a bit, looking through the window. His mind was a big blur, but only one thing mattered at the moment.
Sherlock could feel his chest burn with pain, as he reached this part in the song. The song was following these memories in correct pace, not being too late for the events nor being too early. Everything was in perfect sync. These words haunted Sherlock for the past two years he was away and will haunt him forever. The song became much quicker, more high notes echoed through the whole graveyard. Slowly, his mind went back to the moment he was playing right now.
"What are you going to do with us?" John asked. Moriarty looked up at John, looking straight into his eyes. John could see the chaotic persona in those cold eyes and it scared the doctor a bit. Moriarty was unpredictable.
"I can't lose you again. I can't. Not anymore. I need you. I-I always did. It never changed. I wish you could know how much you changed my life. I felt as if seeing colours." He let out a small laugh. "That time when I checked your pulse after you jumped... I saw colours. I did. Even if just for a second, but I did. Now I know." John smiled and looked back at Sherlock. "They were so bright. But now I know. I know for sure." John closed his eyes and looked down.
Molly was just about to leave her work, but the last minute she decided to stay for a little bit longer. The TV was on, showing news and weather while she made herself coffee and while it was making, decided to go to the bathroom. She just walked out of the room to hear only four words. Molly turned to look at the TV and her heart's beating quickened in fear, her face full of horror.
But Sherlock wasn't John's.
"Sherlock... Please, I need your help." John's voice was shaking, as if he was crying. Sherlock slowly breathed in and turned to Mycroft.
"Twins indeed!" Moriarty laughed again. "Remember Richard Brook? You thought it was all just an act. Well that's where you're wrong, Sherlock. I had a twin brother. The day you met Richard Brook, it wasn't me. On the rooftop, where Moriarty killed himself,
"What is this?" Sherlock asked, his voice ringing through the flat. John take one piece of the pie and giving it to Sherlock and said:
Here it is guys! Last chapter. This time for real.
"Do your parents know?" John asked his voice barely audible, almost like a whisper, but enough for Mycroft to hear. Mycroft didn't look at him, but John knew that they didn't. John only nodded and stood up to walk back to Sherlock.
"It's just for some time. He will be gone soon." Sherlock answered not looking at Mycroft. He started to irritate the detective. "If this flat was the only place he could stay, so be it." He stood up and walked pretty close to Mycroft and pretty pissed. "I'm not going to take it away from him." Sherlock walked back into his room, leaving Mycroft.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t want to.” answered Sherlock, sipping his tea which was lovely. He noticed how John was acting a little bit weird. His back was tensed and he was holding a straight posture of a soldier.
“Thought so.” declared John. Sherlock looked up at John. He hooked a finger under John’s chin and made him look up. The detective leaned in to give John a passionate kiss, the doctor answering with as much passion. Their lips moved in sync, their bodies touching, melting, becoming like one.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I love you.” whispered John, as he stroked Sherlock’s hair. He left a gentle kiss on the detective’s forehead, thanking him silently. Then he laid closer to Sherlock, the detective, even asleep, snuggling closer to John and hugging him. John closed his eyes and smiled.
“You’re right. There is something.” John finally said. Sherlock was growing a bit impatient.
John was Sherlock's soulmate.
But when John touched his hand, one small thing happened.
"Do your parents know?" John asked, his voice barely audible, almost like a whisper, but enough for Mycroft to hear. Mycroft didn't look at him, but John knew that they didn't. John only nodded and stood up to walk back to Sherlock.
When the plane was up in the sky, Sherlock let his tears go. He was shaking and silently crying, trying to wipe away the tears, but there were just more coming.
"Me and John, we had some complications..."
Suddenly, the phone rang. Sherlock's eyes quickly shot to the phone. He was debating if he should take it not. Finally, he slowly reached for it. Sherlock looked at caller's ID and his heart started beating faster. Mycroft saw change in his little brother's face and he already knew who was calling. Sherlock slowly answered:
"Just tell us. We've been waiting far too long." Greg said and doctor sighed.
For a month.
It all happened slowly. Sherlock had a lot of scenarios in his mind, but he never imagined the one that actually happened. The real one was so much better then all of the others he had imagined, even if it was simple, but it was real.
Few weeks passed and there was still no sign of Moriarty. Sherlock was getting frustrated, he couldn't sleep anymore, he became less approachable, everything irritated him. Everybody walking in made him think it was Moriarty. The only person that could take him in this situation was John. Sherlock always insulted everybody, except John.
John choked on his tea.
"I don't know what you're talking about." He turned to walk again, but this time, Mrs. Hudson talked.
John heard a change. Something changed. He slowly raised his head to look at the heart monitor and then noticed Sherlock looking at him. The doctor was met with beautiful eyes. Colours were mixing together and you couldn't make out what true colour it was. Sherlock slowly looked down to see his hand intertwined with John's. It was comforting for Sherlock, but he slowly let go if John's hand. Their hands suddenly went cold after the loss of contact. John was taken back after this movement. The colours around him slowly faded and John was left with black and white again. He then looked curiously at Sherlock, but saw a confused look on his face.
John lost it. He couldn't believe that it all had to end like this. All he wanted was all those endless cases with Sherlock. The adrenaline. He wanted it. He didn't really want to die because of Sherlock. And he certainly did not want Sherlock to apologise for whatever he was even apologising. But the look on Sherlock's eyes... John knew it was all over. Their stories were over.
John saw colors, very bright colors for a little glimpse before he was taken away from Sherlock.
"What about Mary?" John asked. During this time, in hospital, John lost respect for her. He didn't care about her anymore. She was nothing.
The tune got slower, more affectionate, a little less happiness than before. It was filled with other emotions. Ones, that weren’t in the song before.
" Moriarty mocked them. A crazy smile appeared on his face. "
Sherlock slips in another finger, stretching John. The doctor starts moving with Sherlock’s fingers, trying to get as much friction as he can. He was close, he could feel it. After fingering John long enough, Sherlock slips another finger in, making John cry out in pleasure. It was so much, much more than John dreamed off.
One time, Mycroft came to check on Sherlock, as he always did and found out that John was living with him too. Mycroft didn't like the idea, he started disliking John either. The doctor, on the other hand, didn't know why Mycroft was so cold towards him. Poor John was clueless.
John cursed at himself for thinking about all of this, while he was making dinner. Mary had a bigger stomach now and it was harder for her to move so John sometimes did things for her. This time, he made dinner for both of them.
“Let’s go home.” Mycroft spoke to Sherlock and didn’t receive an answer. He didn’t expect one, but he at least expected for Sherlock to move. But there was nothing. “It’s late.” He stated even if it was obvious. But it wasn’t obvious to Sherlock. “I know it hurts, but please, for your own sake, help me get you back home.” Mycroft could feel himself fill with emotions and he didn’t like the it. He was getting desperate. Sherlock was never so unresponsive. He wasn’t even in his mind palace, because even then there would be something that would have indicated that Sherlock was listening. But today, it was nothing.
." They started walking towards the car again.
John could feel Sherlock’s hot breath on his neck. The detective leaned in, to bite hard on John’s neck, making sure to leave a mark, to show everybody who he belongs to. He leaned back up to meet his eyes with John, the doctor seeing colours dance in the detective’s eyes. His eyes were magic. Sherlock leaned in to kiss John, his thrust becoming slower. Without John expecting, Sherlock thrusted hard into John, finding his prostate and making John let out a sound, which didn’t sound like a moan or a groan. It was more like an animal howl.
"Maybe you didn't die that day, but I can make sure that you die right now." John said and pointed his gun towards Moriarty. Moriarty smiled with closed mouth as his eyes laughed. Sherlock looking at Moriarty now knew that he was hiding something, he was sure.
Just then, Sherlock walked out of their bedroom. He was wearing his shirt with its sleeves rolled up a bit and simple trousers, barefoot. His hair was still damp after the shower. Sherlock looked more gorgeous than ever. The view made John’s desire grow as he watched Sherlock walk up to the table and take the cup that was ready for him. Few fantasies ran through John’s mind and his arousal just grew bigger. John took a sharp breath as Sherlock was about to walk away from the table.
"Well, short version..." he hesitates while John looks up at him. "Not Dead." A lot of emotions cross John's face. Happiness, anger, pain, shock, betrayal, relief, disbelief, and love, but sadly, Sherlock didn't notice the last one. Sherlock's face drops as guilt flashes on his face. He doesn't know what he should say or do. John took a shaky breath. "John, I'm-"
But colors. Colors? When he touched Sherlock? John knows all those stories about soulmates. Maybe when he was little, he believed in them. But when he grew? Of course not, because it were just child stories. But now? He doesn't know what to think. He saw them. He saw blood clearly, it stood out with it's vivid color. He saw Sherlock's coat in color, everything had color, even if it was just for a little glimpse. He really did saw them when he touched Sherlock. Does that mean?.. That would be funny, because he is not Sherlock's soulmate. But why Sherlock took his hand that day? Why he looked around so mesmerized? Why he asked John if he saw it too? Yes, John did saw colors when their hands collided, but he didn't knew what he was supposed to see.
"So, here we are." John said and gave Sherlock a little smile. Sherlock returned one back and looked down.
That's what he thought the last time. And Sherlock never called. Neither did John. Then Sherlock started using drugs again. John can't let that happen. He doesn't know what to do.
“Do it.” Sherlock whispered his voice deep and barely audible. “Show me.” he added. John groaned and grind one last time, a bit harder, which made Sherlock arch up.
What if all you read was a lie?
John comes to live in 221B Baker st. again. One night he finds a message directed to him.
"I thought you got it all figured out by now." Moriarty laughed. "You are the genius one here, how do you not know how I did it? Or are you really a genius?" John looked at Sherlock for a second to see the detective looking down. John knew Sherlock, he knew that the detective was blaming himself for not seeing what was there to see. "It's never the twins, right?" Sherlock's eyes suddenly widened. Twins.
Mycroft sighed because there was only one sentence that could bring Sherlock back and he didn’t want to use. He hoped he wouldn’t need to. But nothing was helping, so there was no choice. He silently apologized and spoke:
This time, he will only come back in the morning. John has nothing to worry about. Mycroft is there, Sherlock is safe. It's his brother after all.
But no words come out. Sherlock just slowly walks closer to John and slightly bends down to reach for John's hand. When their hands collide, their heart races quicken. Sherlock looks around and everything is so clear now. He sees every colors so bright and he knows why. He finally knows. He smiles and looks down at John who is staring at him, his pupils dilated.
The doctor's instinct was screaming to touch Sherlock, to look where it hurts for him, to see if anything is broken or not. But he was scared. For the first time in his whole life, John was scared to touch a damaged body. His hands lingered over Sherlock and he wasn't sure what to do.
"I love you." John heard Sherlock's deep voice and it made his stomach tingle with happiness these three simple words brought.
Then he heard it.
When the car stopped, they reached Mycroft’s house. Of course, they couldn’t go to Baker Street. This night was the most dangerous of all. Nobody could look after Sherlock tonight except for Mycroft.
"What do you mean?" and that's when Sherlock's world came crushing down. That's when Sherlock's smile dropped. That was the moment Sherlock knew that John was his soulmate, but Sherlock isn't John's.  Because John is happy with another woman he chose to spend his life with.
"You can't go." Sherlock yanked his hand away from Mycroft and looked coldly at him.
"Thank you." the doctor nodded and walked away. John slowly sat down. Sherlock just looked back at John. It was hard for Sherlock to see John so hurt, so vulnerable. John had his face in his hands and was breathing heavily. "John, you should go and see Mary." Sherlock slowly said. John slowly nodded and stood up.
To just wait for the end to come.
"How do you know?" Sherlock asked John. The doctor looked at him confused, but he seemed to get what was going on and his heart sank. "No, wrong question." Sherlock whispered and looked back at John again. "The right question is: who are you?" That was when John stopped breathing. He stood up and stumbled back a bit.
"I just don't want you getting hurt again." Mycroft silently whispered to the empty room. After Mycroft found out and saw how heartbroken his little brother was, he didn't want Sherlock to be so much hurt again. He was trying to keep Sherlock safe, but it seemed that he didn't want his help. Mycroft slowly turned and left.
After some time, Mycroft walked out and looked at John. He gave him a small nod and left. John walked back to Sherlock, taking his usual place.
(See the end of the chapter for
And then suddenly...
But don't worry, this wasn't the last surprise.
At least he finally solved cases, one of the many things he missed.
"I have several news." The doctor started and looked both at Greg and John. John was trying to control his breathing. He knew that something was wrong. Something went not as planned. He knew it. He saw it in the doctor and he felt it.
"John, come back to the flat. Something happened."
And so it went like that.
John just took Sherlock's hand again, slowly tracing circles with his thumb. He sighed and looked at the detective. A few curls were falling on Sherlock's face and John softly, but hesitantly, brushed them on the left side. John could feel cold skin under his fingertips and a shiver went down his spine.
John didn't knew why he called Sherlock. He remembers taking his phone and then suddenly, he is calling Sherlock. Probably John himself didn't realize that, but his body knew. He needed Sherlock as the only thing to keep him right in this though moment.
He could breathe in. He felt everything. He was back. Everything was back. He could feel the pain but it didn't matter.
But Sherlock wasn't John's.
Mrs. Hudson came to visit Sherlock. She didn't say anything, she just stood next to John, gripping his shoulder tightly. After 10 minutes or so, she quietly walked away, silently crying. John hasn't seen her since. She came back after a month, but it was even harder for her to stay calm so John had to lead her back to Baker Street.
ANGST
"I want you to talk with John."
Everything was alright, until people around Sherlock started to see difference in his behaviour. At first, nothing suspicious happened. But with time, they noticed one and only one change.
He saw colours. The flowers, they were different from each other. Sherlock blinked few times. He tried to move his hand and felt something warm on his left. He looked down to see John, with his eyes closed and head down, holding his hand, shaking slightly.
This time, Sherlock broke their kiss. He looked at his soulmate, drawing circles on John’s hips. Small smile appeared on his lips. John answered him, but his eyes were saying other things. His genuine smile turned into something else, as his pupils dilated more. The lust was back again and John looked dangerous.
" John had to sit down. "
"Too bad." she said. "He chose me and you are forced to watch us-"
When he sat down into his chair, he looked up at the clock, which showed way past ten. His eyes slowly and carefully made its way down the wall to look at the calendar. Mycroft took a shaky breath, then turned away.
“I’ve never been so sure in my life.” John smiled. He knew Sherlock was lying. The detective was always sure about everything. But he still stood there not doing anything, even if his erection was throbbing and getting painful. Sherlock smiled as if knowing why John was waiting. “It’s not my first time, you know.” He added smugness in his voice. This calmed John down and he started slowly unbuttoning Sherlock’s shirt.
And of course, he knew how to stop the bomb. He just wanted to apologize, but Sherlock didn't know how. He wanted to tell John how much he loved him, but Sherlock didn't know how.
No answer. No change. Nothing.
Sherlock looked down, his panic rising. Sherlock knew that John will do something to him. He will hit him at least. Scream at him. Shout at him. But John felt whole love come back to him. He couldn't be angry at Sherlock. He is alive, standing right here. That's what John wanted, right? That's what John asked for. He asked for one more miracle.
When John's touched the counter, their kiss became more heated. John put as much love towards Sherlock as he could. Sherlock deepened their kiss, settling John on the counter, making John the same height Sherlock was. Slowly, Sherlock's lips travelled to John's neck, leaving little kisses on the way. At first Sherlock found John's sweet spot, sucking the skin, biting it, but not hard enough to leave a mark. Sherlock was exploring the exposed area and leaving John breathless. The doctor could feel soft touches of the detective's fingers, gentle bites of his lips and he could feel his heart racing even more. Sherlock then nibbled on John's collarbone, earning small moans from John, while John himself was breathing heavily. Sherlock's breath on John's neck made shivers run down his spine. All John could hear now was the ticking clock on the wall above his head, Sherlock's heartbeat, his own. And it was magical. John has never felt this way nor have Sherlock.
"I need t-to... I need..." John tried to speak, but Greg interrupted him, not letting him speak. He knew that John wouldn't be able in this condition.
He heard the voice louder. Now he knew it was working. So he tried again.
"Sorry." He said silently. "I tend to do that. Stare into space and say nothing." John sighed and answered:
Now John was left all alone. He didn't know what to do. He felt betrayed, heartbroken. Mostly, he hated himself for not admitting what he felt to Sherlock and blamed himself for the jump. John tried to move on, he really did. But one year passed and nothing happened. John just couldn't do it.
Sherlock Holmes, the freak and psychopath to everybody, fell in love with John Watson, the light in his life.
"What is it, John?" She was waiting for the doctors to tell her what happened, but instead, John showed up. "Please, tell me if the baby is ok." She silently pleaded him. His face was sad and Mary knew what he will say.
It was too silent. Too silent for such a long time. He hated this room; he hated the silence and the only sound in the room. He hated it all.
Nobody really noticed, but I changed the last chapter name's. Now 4th one is 'Turn' and 5th is 'Twist'. I just felt that Survive and Escape fits this one and the next one better :)
"What would you suggest?" Moriarty asked him. Sherlock looked up to see him smirking. "Last time it didn't work."
Sherlock just slowly backed away and walked into the plane without another word.
I'M SORRY IF JOHN DOESN'T SOUND LIKE JOHN. I TRY, OK.
"Stop thinking." Sherlock said. John only sighed and proceeded to eat his piece of pie. That was the night when the change started.
“It’s ok, I got you.” said Sherlock, he could feel his climax right here. He looked at John, at the mess he made, not regretting anything. Slowly, Sherlock took John’s cock in his hand, stroking it and thrusting faster and deeper into John. “Let it go.”
"And are you..?" Mycroft didn't finish the sentence, but Sherlock knew what he was asking. He just looked down and closed his eyes. It was hard for Mycroft to see his brother in so much pain. What was Mycroft to do, he never did, maybe back in their childhood. Mycroft slowly hugged Sherlock, not caring about his sentiments showing. Sherlock was hurt, the worst pain possible, and Mycroft couldn't do anything about it. Sherlock kept his eyes shut, but tears started to roll down his face again. For the first time in forever, he was glad Mycroft was here. Somebody he could really trust, without John. He tried to get rid of the thought of John, but as much as Sherlock tried not to think about the doctor, he started thinking more and more, his chest clenching with the pain. Sherlock lot out a silenced sob, as he held into Mycroft as hard as he could.
One night, Mrs. Hudson baked an apple pie. She knew Sherlock and John loved her cooking, so she decided to surprise the boys with her pie. Mrs. Hudson made tea to go with the pie and walked up the stairs to find John on his laptop and Sherlock lying on couch, his eyes closed and hands under his head. It was obvious he was thinking.
"So what do you need here, Mary?" She sighed. Sherlock slowly leaned in to have a better look of her face. It was full of lies.
John's eyes found Sherlock. He didn't have an oxygen mask right now, so John could see his full face. Sherlock looked so peaceful and beautiful, even in this state. But John knew better. Just by thinking how much pain he went through. Getting shot two times, the pain is unbearable. John himself was shot only one time. Sherlock didn't deserve to be shot any times at all, but it was all Mary. John could feel tears in his eyes. Slowly, he took Sherlock's hand in his own. Inhaling deeply, John decided to speak. He was over flown with everything and it was getting too much. He had to speak; he had to say at least something, even if Sherlock won't hear him. But does he want Sherlock hear what he has to say? John wasn't sure.
John blinked few times, coming back to reality. What he just saw was beautiful and mesmerizing. He couldn’t get the image out of his head. It wasn’t the first time John saw Sherlock’s bare chest. But it was the first time he saw him almost naked after they were together. The image was stuck and he couldn’t eat anymore. John squirmed in his seat and felt something hard against his jeans. Did he just really got hard? Apparently, yes. John tried to calm himself down. It’s nothing, he will ignore it.
"I noticed that too."
The wait was killing.
“What the hell?!” John almost shouts when he feels Sherlock leave him. He opens his eyes to see a naked detective standing besides the bed, his thrown across the room. John sits up and reaches for Sherlock’s cock and feels him shudder under John’s touch. But the detective doesn’t give in. He slowly gets rid of John’s hand, quickly putting a condom and then hovers over the doctor.
The soft voice.
And one month passed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why were you gone so long?” asked John. Sherlock sipped his tea and answered:
"Why did you do that?" John looked and whispered more to himself. Even if Sherlock heard him, he probably ignored the question and said nothing. John looked back at Sherlock to see his face a bit twisted and it was obvious that Sherlock was thinking and looking into nothing. "What are you doing?" John asked instead. The detective blinked few times and looked back at the doctor. He cleared his throat.
"Two years" John suddenly spoke, his voice barely audible. Sherlock sighed because he knew himself it was a long time since he last seen John. He wanted to include John in his plan, Sherlock perfectly knew how it would damage his friend, but it was all Mycroft. Now looking at John's face, seeing bags under his eyes and how tired he was, his eyes still red, Sherlock knew he did the worst and he doesn't know how to apologise because words couldn't fix the damage he did over the two years.
"Please..." Sherlock looked at Mycroft. His brother slowly shook his head. Sherlock turned from him again and wanted to speak, but John interrupted him:
John sat down on his bed, unzipping his trousers very quickly and taking his throbbing cock in his hands. He stroked himself few times, letting out groans he tried so desperately to silence. Sherlock’s bare chest appeared right in front of his eyes again. John’s imagination changed the image a bit and here he saw Sherlock standing completely naked. John was stroking himself faster, more fantasies playing in his head. He was already a mess. His breathing was quick, he could feel sweat on his forehead. John moaned, rolling his hips, trying so hard. Oh, the things he could do to Sherlock.
