that they’d missed. Jacob Darnell was still unconscious in hospital, and, until he awoke and informed them what had occurred at the flat in Shoreditch, their hands would remain maddeningly tied. But, as the hours had passed, he’d found it increasingly difficult to focus; the scents and noises of the office rapidly growing overwhelming to his senses. It hadn’t been until he shifted in his seat and felt the tell-tale dampness within his pants that he’d made the realization
So he says nothing. With a long, shuddering breath of defeat, he turns and makes his way up to his bedroom.
The man stares him down for a few moments, and his Betas shift impatiently on their feet. Finally the Alpha inclines his head at his men, and they make their way down the stairs.
for Harry before she went and cocked it all up. What I meant was, well, it’s not very sexy for someone to be pressuring you into doing something you don’t want to do, is it?” John rolls his head in the cradle of his palms to meet Sherlock’s eyes. The steady, serious gaze inexplicably steals the breath from Sherlock’s lungs, and his heart stutters against his sternum.
“Oh god, you’re going to show up at my crime scenes with a baby, aren’t you?”
“My measurements.”
your scent. It's nice.”
this baby.”
“Though you know, Alfie is the diminutive form of Alfred, which I’d like to point out is just as ‘stuffy’ as—”
to put yourself in danger, while I stay back and watch?”
"How does it work, exactly? Your gift,” he asks. “Everyone's told me you just look at people and know things; you some type of seer then?”
He opens his eyes and begins frenetically flipping through the collection of statements and Cavendish family records. Now that he has
The Cavendish's have no children. Highly unusual for an Alpha-Omega couple of their social standing who’ve been bonded so long, but unsurprising, given the frequency and duration of Philip’s business trips abroad. It would be incredibly difficult to sustain an Omega pregnancy to term with such extended separations from their bondmate. As he’s skimming over one of the household staff’s statements something out of place finally catches his eye.
our child will be at an advantage straight out the gate, so to speak. And just
“Are you okay? Did I do something-” He freezes and takes in the sight of Sherlock’s heaving chest and glassy eyes. A mixture of relief and amusement melts across his face.
Irene’s upper lip curls almost imperceptibly in irritation, and she sneers down at him, clearly not misinterpreting the reason for his interruption in the slightest. Sherlock, on the other hand, stares at him in startled confusion, his eyebrows drawing together minutely. He looks strangely…
child has already managed to be exceptional, even in the normally unremarkable matter of its conception.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hums the affirmative.
With the energy of a much younger man, John hands his cane off to his nurse, and immediately moves toward the figure lying prone on the single hospital bed against the wall. When he reaches the bedside, he stops to quietly take in the sight before him. A long, slim man with a riot of salt and pepper curls reclines against the pillows, icy blue eyes staring expressionlessly at the ceiling. A ventilator, plugged into the tracheostomy tube in the man’s neck works tirelessly beside the bed; the hiss and flow of air from the pump filling the silence in the room.
Regardless of the fact that Sherlock will never feel that way about him in return, John’s made peace with the fact that he’s absolutely fucking
“I do believe that was implied by my hesitation to inform you.” Sherlock’s tone is his usual arrogant drawl, but his posture is forced and there’s a lingering tremor in his hands that he tries to disguise by clutching at his armrests. When his voice cracks slightly as he continues on, John’s observed all he that needs. “It’s a marvelous scientific opportunity that should no
“Could be dangerous,” John offers in return, a rakish grin suddenly lighting up his face, and Sherlock's heart flutters in his chest.
Mycroft holds his stare unflinchingly; his only tell the minutest narrowing of his eyes. “Oh, how delightfully comedic,” he simpers. “If you ever tire of being a detective, perhaps you should consider becoming a comedian instead.” Sherlock throws himself back in his chair in delight as Mycroft pauses to take a bracing sip of his tea. “What I was referring to, of course, is that I do believe you've been on a high dosage of suppressants for well over a decade. Do please forgive my confusion over this unlikely turn of events.”
John gapes at the two of them in confused astonishment and Sherlock can hardly restrain hinself from rolling his eyes. Surely the man has realized by now that Mrs. Hudson is made of sturdier stuff. She'd been married to a drug lord and murder for
,” Sherlock hisses vehemently. “And in any case,
“I, um -”
was downright illegal and Sherlock hadn't been modest about it in the slightest, just how bad might tonight's mischief possibly be? A thought occurs to him then, thinking about where he himself has just come from, and his hand drops limply to his side.
“Alpha, signs of ante-mortem bloodletting, external genitalia missing?” Sherlock demands eagerly.
But now he can't think of anything but.
“Aren’t you supposed to be the one panicking?” Lestrade asks, glancing back at John incredulously in the rearview mirror. “I was a wreck when my first was born.”
The last thing he wants is for John to piece together what, exactly, the code to the safe was. And to summarily make ridiculous assumptions about Sherlock’s interest in another Alpha because of it.
Without much in terms of conscious thought, he rolls onto his belly, grinding his burgeoning erection against the mattress. He’s still in his trousers from yesterday, and they’re uncomfortably snug, so he reaches down to undo them. He squirms awkwardly beneath the covers as he works them off, kicking them down into a scrunched up ball at the foot of the bed.
“Don't worry, I've got you, don't worry,” he murmurs against Sherlock's ear, nipping gently at his earlobe and Sherlock quivers in relief. Of course he does, of course. John's never let him down before. “Do you want it?” John growls, slowing the speed of his thrusts to a teasing drag. Sherlock's confident that he's about to burst into flame at any moment, but he nods frantically regardless. John's answering laugh is hardly more than low, heated rumble just below his ear, where he mouths wetly at a patch of skin just above Sherlock’s scent gland. “Yeah? What do you want? Tell me.”
Everything all at once.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hums agreeably, wriggling beneath him as he stretches as best he can beneath the weight of John’s body. John lifts his head, bracing himself on his elbows to lovingly brush sweat-damp curls away from Sherlock’s brow.
But an experiment nonetheless.
How odious. He rolls his eyes in disgust and, reassured of his obviously intact mental faculties, turns to stare out the window instead. His inability to easily focus at the the Yard had worried him, but clearly, his condition has thankfully left his mind relatively unhampered, so long as his senses aren’t overburdened.
John bristles.
Perhaps they'll share the Holmes intellect, or the Watson temper, or whatever it is that makes John so very…
Harry and Clara arrive from Leeds to pick him up at exactly half four, just as promised— every bit Clara’s gift in action, and no thanks to his sister, judging by the tell-tale air of cigarettes and lager that lingers on her jacket. It’s the work of an hour settling the few boxes of belongings he’d left with them for safekeeping into the spartan little bedsit that SPACES has helped get him into. Hardly worth the trip down south in his opinion, but afterward they insist on taking him for dinner as well; to “celebrate” his homecoming.
John gawps at Sherlock in utter shock, struggling to reconcile the sweet, soft omega, who’d crawled beguilingly into his lap scant minutes ago with this steely-eyed creature. A startling realization breaks over him and he looks up at Sherlock accusingly.
His eyes fall shut as the bottom of his stomach drops away.
Sherlock snorts derisively at that, more out of principle than anything resembling argument. It pains him to admit it as well but, in this exceptional case, John may just have the right of it. Not that he’d dare say so aloud.
” he gestures at the swell of his belly, “became obvious, it's become utterly tedious going anywhere, or trying to
He frowns back at her in response. He’s doing precisely what she asked; obviously she hasn't quite caught up yet. “No, no. Looking takes
“Never thought of it that way before,” John feels the beginnings of a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth.
While he and John question her, however, his scent on the dressing gown mixes with her own
“No,” Sherlock offers a tiny chuckle of his own. “But, despite my social failures, it was fully expected that once I presented, a suitable match would be arranged for me, with an Alpha or Beta from an appropriate family. At every opportunity, my parents trotted me out at dinners and parties, parading me about to be appraised by prospective suitors. Father made it clear that I would, of course, be allowed to attend university
Is it just pheromones, plain and simple? An instinctual, irresistible desire, despite her avowed personal preferences?
Quite likely the latter.
“Have you ever had anyone?” Irene asks suddenly, entirely apropos of nothing, and Sherlock frowns in confusion.
likelihood of it by a physician immediately prior.”
he has his own flat. Possibly a penthouse, more likely a high-end luxury unit in one of the newest towers along the Thames. If nothing comes up under his name, check the company’s holdings,” he suggests pointedly to Lestrade, who’s now frantically scribbling notes. “These types never like to pay tax if they can help it.”
He knows full well that his behaviour has begun to grate on John more than usual, but he’s unable to force himself out from his slump. On a daily basis he veers between an anxious desire to tell John, and a crippling fear of the potential reaction. This, of course, inevitably leads to his traitorous brain extrapolating the various negative outcomes of John somehow making the discovery for himself, and that fear rapidly balloons into panic.
reputation. Keeping you visibly on hand would be far more advisable.”
A lamentable,
lost me.”
won’t help you.” He pivots on his heel and begins marching away in the soldierly manner he habitually reverts to in anger. Sherlock tenses, prepared to make his own escape before he's spotted.
.” John repeats, smiling reassuringly.
her!”
It wouldn’t be false to define it as such; an experiment on both his own nature and the worth of sentiment. He inclines his head in agreement.
“I don’t care what it’s called!” Sherlock grumbles, but his body belies his protests, writhing up against John’s lips as he works his way down. When he stops to lap and suck at pebbled nipples, Sherlock
“And by
John gapes at him.
As he watches, John wrestles open the fly of his jeans, impatiently pushing them down his hips. He only manages to work them just past his pants, before the fabric bunches, clinging frustratingly to his thighs. With an impatient huff, Sherlock unceremoniously shoves him backward. John hits the mattress with a bounce and comedic expression of surprise; a startled ‘oof’ of air escaping him. Sherlock grasps both the trouser hems and toes of his socks and swiftly
John.”
getting sweaty.”
Much later, Sherlock’s still in a semi-catatonic state of deduction in his chair; so deep in his mind that no outside stimulus registers. Irene curls up across from him in John’s chair and watches, with a proprietary gleam in her eyes, as if he’s already hers.
And perhaps Sherlock
John has no rejoinder for that; he knows very well that almost any remark would be unbearably trite. Nothing he hasn’t heard before from some over-enthusiastic student protester campaigning for Omega rights.
“How fortunate for us all that you’ve decided to begin now,” the Duke smiles bloodlessly. “I gather that you are attempting to imply that we need not concern ourselves with a premature confinement? Forgive me if I find the assurance to be one of cold comfort.
that he had.
“Know it all.” John snorts, smiling in that fondly exasperated way that he saves just for Sherlock. The expression never fails to light something warm in Sherlock’s belly, but more so now than ever before. “And yet you deleted the bit about suppressant withdrawal. Brilliant. So what you're trying to say, in your incredibly roundabout way, is that I’m drunk off you.”
John stares back, entirely thrown by the reaction.
“Two.”
“Yes, well. We attended secondary school together,” Sherlock offers waspishly. “It’s hardly as though we meet for tea twice a month.” He unwinds his scarf and stuffs it in his pocket, then seats himself primly on the low ottoman in front of her.
“And there’s his favourite blanket in the side pocket, and his bumble over here. Those biscuits that he likes in the front, and —”
“Are you absolutely certain?” Sherlock’s affected air of nonchalance slips to reveal the depths of anxiety just below the surface. He babbles onward apologetically, as if he thinks
“Sex doesn’t alarm me.”
.” The velvet heat of John’s mouth envelopes the tip of his cock, and while his brain is quite possibly in the process of evaporating, he can’t be arsed to care.
He completely loses track of time. If someone were to appear suddenly in the sitting room and ask him just how long they’ve been standing there, desperately devouring one another’s mouths, Sherlock honestly wouldn’t be able to provide an answer.
“And you would normally live here at the house with her, when your brother went abroad?”
clever
else’s
hadn't been dreadfully transparent about it, Sherlock hasn’t made any effort to hide it. As the most pressing reason for my concern has already come to pass, it hardly seemed my business.” He offers a prim, strained smile that resembles nothing so much as a grimace. “Something about barn doors and horses springs to mind.”
Which would at least account for why he doesn't feel so much as the slightest shred of embarrassment over the noise that he makes.
do, a bit, in the familial way. But this... you smell like an
Once the offending garment has been sent careening across the linoleum, Sherlock redirects his attention to the far more interesting subject of the prominent bulge straining the fabric of John’s pants. He leans in to rub his face against it, catlike, then mouths over the the tip through the cotton while John gasps above him.
certainly wasn’t the one with whom he’d shared his heat, and it’s several days worth of surprisingly athletic intercourse.
That’s
"You didn't even flinch."
”Piss off,” Sherlock admits succinctly. John peers at him out of the corner of his eye, then lets loose a peal of merry laughter. Sherlock’s surprised to feel an answering chuckle bubble up out of himself as well. They laugh together until the urge fades away gently on its own, and then they sit in content silence as the darkened landscape streaks by in a blur on either side of them.
on the sitting room sofa one rainy Thursday afternoon— what had started off as playful petting having quickly devolved into something rather more.
your scent. It's nice. Mycroft’s, on the other hand, not so much.”
“All the arrangements had already been made for the ball — though thankfully the invitations had not yet been dispatched — when Mycroft became aware. He and Aunt Violet claimed an unexpected recurrence of my childhood infirmity of the lungs, and I was packed off to the country. Once I was successfully weaned from it, of course, I made a miraculous recovery; lest any busybodies wagging tongues suggest consumption. But it was far too late in the season by then for me to make my entrée.”
“We can stop,” he offers, gentling Sherlock with a soft stroke along his side. “There’s no rush if you’re frightened.”
“You’re very quick, Mr Holmes.” The Equerry lauds in admiration, and Sherlock can hardly keep himself from rolling his eyes.
“What do you mean?” John asks innocently as he packs up the remaining take away. “It’s only a matter of time before anyone will be able to tell on their own. It’d be nice to tell people before that.” He gathers up their dishes and the boxes and disappears with them into the kitchen.
,” John stops and braces himself on an elbow to look at Sherlock in exasperation. “I'm not just going to- to-
, not physical fidelity.
”You don’t know that!”
John attends what feels like an endless stream of dinner parties, routs, assemblies, and balls — he puts on a proper face; engaging in cordial conversation with all the lovely, proper, appropriate young omegas paraded before him. And then, the moment that he’s able, he steals away in search of the venue’s library, garden or observatory, where he’s sure to find Sherlock.
John is possessed of a fairly strict moral compass; that would likely prevent him from making a decision that would result in the loss of the fetus at such an advance stage of gestation. While there is a possibility that he will feel resentment toward Sherlock regarding the deception, the child would be safe. Though John
John!
.” She says it the same way anyone else might say
But what if
wants, no matter what makes his heart race and his Alpha posture proudly, he’s not going to do to Sherlock what’s been done to him his entire life. This is something that
“I should probably go. Do you need anything? I think we haven’t much in, but I could pop out for you.” He rolls away and swings himself up to get off the bed.
that Mycroft would think Sherlock should feel any embarrassment to be carrying John's child sends a fresh wave of rage inside him. He pushes it down and lets the corners of his mouth curl upward in an answering smile as John rounds the table to help him out of his coat.
at least.
“I can’t.”
His heart rate skyrockets as he unwillingly imagines it.
Sherlock. It took him decades to perfect it- his whole career really- smoothing out all the kinks and glitches- oh, of course you know all about it! Silly me,” she laughs, and it’s a sweet sound; light and clear.
John had never expressed any interest in the traditional role of an Alpha. He’d said as much himself immediately prior to their copulation;
John's eyes dart to Sherlock in a panic before his face contorts into an uncomfortable looking rictus of a smile. “Oh no, we're not- uh,” John babbles, clearly torn over whether to correct the mistake. Though these two hardly
Sherlock rises smoothly and crosses the room in three long steps; pulling John into his arms, and pressing their lips together without hesitation.
"Deduction?"
“Why?” She smirks back at him. “Are you feeling exposed?” And goddamn her; there’s no point in denying it.
“Well, then there’s no problem,” Mycroft speaks over her, “as
Once Lestrade’s come and collected the quite sufficiently injured party, Sherlock finally joins them in the kitchen. While John tries to insist on sending her on a little holiday, Sherlock- in a move that seems entirely out of character as of late- cheerfully raids her fridge for a late night snack.
“Why would I need you?” He settles on saying, muttering it into the pillow near unintelligibly.
Ah. How embarrassing; apparently she’s misinterpreted the admiration in his gaze for something else entirely. Just as he’s about to take a broad step backward and politely reject her advances
“Very important business to take care of
The idea has never occurred Sherlock before, but he would be more than amenable to some sort of copulatory arrangement between them. He wouldn’t even be averse to the occasional placebo-cycle heat, so long as they haven’t a case on. His relations with Victor may have been largely unexciting, but this unexpected venture with John has been incredibly stimulating thus far.
“Yes,” John nods curtly, “lets.”
“What’s The Quagmire?”
He may never have John in all the ways he dreams of, but this— this more than he could have ever hoped for. If he sets reality aside, just for a moment, it’s almost as if they’re a happily bonded pair with a long anticipated child on the way.
Why do I
all evening, before he sets himself to stomping furiously up the stairs.
“It is bloody hideous, isn’t it?” he agrees with a breathless giggle, wiping tears of mirth from his eyes.
“Oh come off it! You know very well what I mean. We
, and he’s overcome with panic. He needs shatter this stillness before he does something truly regrettable. He frantically rummages through his heat-hazed thoughts for an appropriate action until the thankfully obvious occurs to him.
Sherlock breaths a mental sigh of relief that it’s nothing like the over-large monstrosities that the Alphas in pornography present. It’s slightly longer and girthier than the average Beta’s, but not by much. The true difference lies in the spongy looking erectile tissue at the base of it, where his knot will form at climax. It’s swelling slightly already, in reaction to the scent of Omega in heat permeating the air, but remains soft and yielding for the time being.
John's
“What do you normally say? You’ve texted him a
in those activities had been subdued at best."
“Yeah, no, Mike's on vacation. Won't be back until next week. Did you need something?” John asks, ignoring the flutter of butterflies in his belly. He fidgets in place, shifting his weight onto his good leg as he fiddles with the handle of his cane.
“Knew it!”
. He fights the urge to outwardly roll his eyes at the reaction, and the persistent thrum of
“This morning.”
Mycroft would be positively in
John listens with but half an ear; his mind churning through every moment spent in Sherlock’s company, searching for any small hint of a previously unbeknownst affliction. Sherlock glances back over his shoulder then, prompted perhaps by some noise or minute change in John’s breathing.
John nearly rolls his eyes, but thankfully manages to maintain an outer calm. The last thing he needs is for someone to catch him both setting off the alarm
He awakes much sooner than he’d have liked. to Sherlock bursting into his room- malaise apparently entirely forgotten- loudly insisting that they depart
“Look,” she begins, sinking down into the free chair opposite the two men, “Last week we had the most
He regrets it almost immediately; even as he squirrels it away beneath his pillows. There are few better ways to give away his pitiful longing than being caught
at breakfast
“Sir!” The nurse goggles at him, her voice dropping into a scandalized register. “But he’s— they’re
” John softens his tone, reaching out to cup her cheek gently. ”We had fun. I'm sorry,” he presses a quick peck to her lips, then steps back and begins to walk away. “Enjoy the town, for Christ's sake!”
“If you say so, brother mine.”
“While I’ll certainly refrain from repeating the error with my suppressants, I believe I can confidently declare this a successful experiment.”
“The car’s going to backfire.” She announces triumphantly. He hums in approval, and nods.
suicides! Four of them!“
It’s an unimaginably heady thought; that this very moment, his child is growing, right there, inside of Sherlock’s body.
Nevertheless, perhaps it may have been more prudent of him to have left out that little detail.
As they wander the aisles, and John maintains a running commentary on the price of produce and merits of a specific brand of strawberry jam over the others, Sherlock eyes the other shoppers. He’s always known that he and John, with their contrasting appearances, attract their fair share of attention, but now he’s more aware of it than ever.
for the first time the very real — very
“Try me,” John insists crossing his arms stubbornly.
” He slams the glass back down onto the table. “The grit on the lens, the fly in the ointment!”
” Mycroft sputters, only to go unanswered while John forgets himself and his nervousness entirely — just as intended — as he grows irate.
doing here? Still running around making sure to rub your unnatural life style in the rest of our faces?”
John widens his eyes in understanding, then turns to blink at Mycroft curiously. “So you’re…”
always been fairly susceptible to Sherlock’s arguments; if he chooses the right time to broach the subject and presents it well, it should be quite simple to argue his case for keeping the child.
“Philip never could do anything right,” she sneers spitefully. “He made me put up with his rutting, but never gave me any children, he didn’t stay and mind his household the way a
” Sherlock snipes back in a harsh whisper of his own. “It was hardly as if I needed to put in great effort on my part to hide things from you, given how much time you’ve spent avoiding me.”
When Sherlock finally flops down into across from him at the breakfast table, John freezes; jam dripping slowly from the knife in his hand as he scents the air with a strange, seemingly unconscious, fervour. Sherlock sinks further down in his chair, sulkily burrowing into the sheet still wrapped around him in anticipation of John’s next words.
He shakes himself internally and refocuses. He needs take advantage of this situation to get as much out of her as he possibly can.
It’s safe to say that it’ll be quite impossible to forget about what happened between them when he has the very product of it developing inside his belly.
So mired is he in his own thoughts, it takes him some time to realize that they’ve fallen into an uncomfortable silence, thoroughly uncharacteristic of their usual rendezvous. He shakes himself and casts about for something to say, and his eye catches on the ashen cast of Sherlock's cheek.
“No, unfortunately not. If you’d have started back on your pills as soon as the preheat symptoms started, or had even gotten a high-dose suppressant shot a few days ago, maybe. But this far into a heat? Anything would be incredibly dangerous to your reproductive system. You're just going to have to… ride it out.”
No, she's definitely courting him and he's definitely
It’s John who groans then, as Sherlock's half-naked, feverish limbs press tightly against and around him. They swallow greedily at one another's mouths in a tangle of tongues and nibbling teeth. When John breaks away to mouth along his jaw, he whimpers plaintively and offers up his neck.
The morgue is even quieter than usual; an odd feeling of desertion upon the air. He stands beside Mycroft and stares down at the cloth draped body on the slab.
“Well don’t go accusing
Much later, in the small hours, when he curls up in bed and buries his face in the entirely intact sweater, filling his lungs with John's scent, he decides that the subterfuge was well worth it.
He’s also spent a frankly inadvisable amount of time guiltily wanking to memories of Sherlock in the shower. He
,” Sherlock drawls back without looking up as he flips a page with deliberate disinterest.
Sherlock bobs his head shakily, and John sweeps his fingers down into the warm junction of Sherlock’s thighs, slipping in between the warm, damp folds hidden there. As his fingers make contact, Sherlock lets out a loud, startled moan. John marvels at the slickness easing his way, the hot, puffy flesh parting welcomingly beneath his fingers.
you nitwit,” Sherlock chimes in acerbically. “Which you can obviously tell given the context of the situation and our physical contact with one another. No unbonded Alpha in their right mind would dare touch a labouring Omega in such a manner if they were just
His Omega thrives inside of him, relishing the sudden increase in contact with what it considers to be it’s Alpha. Given the circumstances, he can’t be bothered to discourage it, and instead chooses to allow it greater reign.
“Oh, for Christ's sake, just listen to the man and eat the bloody sandwich, will you!” Lestrade rolls his eyes and exclaims exasperatedly around a mouthful of biscuit. Sherlock glares murderously at them both as he grudgingly accepts the plate and takes a dramatically delicate bite. From the way he carries on, would think it’s arsenic-laced egg salad that’s long gone off, not a simple cheese and pickle.
Months? Years, maybe?
He really should be unfathomably dull… and
John opens his mouth to protest just as Angelo turns; directly into the slight young waitress standing behind him, candle in hand and the slightly sheepish expression of someone thoughtlessly following the overpowering urge of their gift.
for pity’s sake; another
And if the realization that Sherlock’s trust fund can accommodate the bribery of dozens as John’s pocketbook might the purchase of an icelolly is hardly
“Th-that really isn’t necessary. I’m already more than aroused enough to proce-
Just like he'd said would.
He trumpets to the room at large. “The particularly antiquated legal statute that allows the practice of employing an unrelated alpha to sire an heir upon an omega dependens.”
“And then you called Eddie to let him know that things had gone awry,” Sherlock deduces. “Obviously you couldn’t just leave the body where it was, but you couldn't very well move it on your own. Interesting how he didn’t arrive immediately though. He needed to put on a bit of a show carousing, to make sure that he still had an appropriate alibi, didn’t he.” He leans forward, and resting an elbow on his knee. “And the kidnapping was your idea too wasn't it? You knew the fact he was asphyxiated rather than drowned would garner further scrutiny. But! If something were to suddenly happen to
And so his campaign continues on swimmingly for an entire week, until it’s abruptly and spectacularly run aground.
“Show me the rest of her,” Sherlock demands, impatiently gesturing for Molly to pull back the rest of the cloth. Her eyes widen in surprise, but she does as requested, blushing bright scarlet as she walks along the side of the table.
“The key code to my safe.”
aroused. “What in the devil are you doing?”
.” John scoffs coldly. “When she was dying, and they offered her this-” he waves his arm in a gesture encompassing their surroundings. “You know, when she was dying, Mary said to me when they offered her this, to pass over, pass through, spend eternity in this fucking graveyard you're so in love with, she said, ‘How can I? When she missed out, how can I?’ And so she went. And I wish I could believe she's with her now, that they're together, but I don't. I believe they're
is what was considered in vogue. Strange, it hadn’t seemed quite so bad at the time.
“Shall I tell him?” She asks, turning her teasing gaze to downward, and John follows it, to where Sherlock groans unintelligibly at his feet, fruitlessly struggling to get up. He looks back up to meet Irene’s eye and she smiles, baring her teeth in fierce Alpha delight. It’s the triumphant look of an Alpha who’s beaten another.
“You should be
from start to finish. His hand doesn't shake once, and when a multi-vehicle collision arrives midway through his tea he forgets his cane in the break room. His limp reappears by the tail end of the night, but the short respite is a luxury enough.
No wonder Sherlock had been so…
"I did," Sherlock agrees with a small, pleased smile.
you were purposely trying to hide it from me!” John huffs as he runs a shaky hand through his hair. “Even though we...
“Oh, you’ve no idea,” Mike chuckles as he hurries to collect his belongings.
“Hormones,” Sherlock declares decisively, breaking their gaze to stare back up at the ceiling. “The pheromones of an Omega in heat precipitate response, otherwise know as
Damn Mycroft to hell for sending them here and damn Irene Adler for pulling them into her reckless gambit. If anything happens to John, he’ll kill them both.
, without having to give up the case entirely. “You also need to secure warrants for their mobile records, and the entirety of the Cavendish home, including any security footage of the premises.” He pauses in the doorway, and turns back waving his gloves in a pointed gesture of recollection. “Oh! And a warrant for Edward Cavendish's flat as well.”
“Indeed,” Sherlock agrees with a dramatic shudder. “An alpha child would immediately become the next Holmes heir. And of course, should the child present as an Omega instead, they’d still want for nothing. So in either case, you needn’t be concerned, financially speaking.”
he had to go and fall completely, hopelessly in love with the
With an unearthly shriek of rage, Marie springs from the couch and flies at Sherlock, taking everyone by surprise. The force of the impact sends the two of them toppling from the ottoman, and they hit the floor in a flurry of arms and legs, and Sherlock immediately rolls onto his belly beneath Marie, in an effort to either scramble out from beneath her, or to shelter his face from her clawing hands. Undeterred, she straddles his back and rains blows down upon it. Distantly, over the sound Marie’s screaming epithets in his ear, he hears John curse vehemently.
He just barely holds his tongue as Mycroft hands him several photographs from her website. Better to maintain Mycroft’s little delusion of the ingénu for the time being.
If he tells John now, there’s no going back. Regardless of John’s reaction, he can’t un-speak the words once they’re spoken,
“I suppose that is a very pedestrian way of summarizing it. Anyway, we became friends of a sort, and when he kissed me a few months later I found that I had developed somewhat of a...
“Sorry?” John glances over as he switches gears.
! Have you no shame?”
“Oh, of course boys! It’s no bother. No bother at all! Alfie loves to spend time with his Gran, don’t you, Poppet?” She bends down to ruffles the toddler’s riotous chestnut curls, and he gummily beams up at her before resuming his game. “Mycroft said that he’ll be sending a car round for him at half past. Now you go on— enjoy yourselves! From the smell of it, you don’t have much longer to be out!” She winks knowingly, “And don’t worry about the noise when you get home— I went out and bought myself a pair of earplugs.”
if her window was left open
It’s that very cycle of emotion that leads him to peevishly object their new status quo one morning — while feeling particularly irritable with the world in general — when John wordlessly presents him with breakfast the moment he seats himself at the table.
“Well, neither am I. Look at us both.” She replies thoughtfully.
Reassured of the lack of impending calamity, he reapplies himself getting John out of his clothes. An encouraging nudge is all it takes to get John wriggling hurriedly out of his jacket, lips hardly straying from Sherlock’s all the while. He starts to do the same before John stops him, slipping his hands up underneath the Belstaff to slowly push the fabric off of Sherlock’s shoulders.
And if John needs were being adequately fulfilled at home, he would likely spend less time berating Sherlock about his experiments, or running about with dull, irritating Beta women. Moreover, the risk of him eventually leaving with one of those women would dwindle entirely.
John and Lestrade gawp at him blankly; clearly dumbfounded by the revelation of de facto modern-day eunuchs. Sherlock gestures again at the papers in front of them pointedly, and they both commence squinting at them in befuddlement. Sherlock sighs heavily, and spreads the calendar print-outs across the table with an irritated swoop of his hand. He jabs pointedly at one colourful block of time after another.
to know,” He advises, then smoothly changes the subject. “So, how’d you know I was avoiding her?”
To John’s complete bewilderment, Sherlock carries on behaving in his newly cagey manner over the next several weeks; clingy and tactile one minute and holed up in his bedroom for hours on end the next. John heavily suspects that it has something to do with Irene Adler’s sudden and un-spoken of departure. Whenever he attempts to broach the topic, however, Sherlock shuts it down immediately.
“I would have you right here, on this desk,” Irene declares fervently, gazing up at him with a predatory gleam in her eyes, “until you begged for mercy;
Sherlock frowns into the sheet unhappily as his brain makes muzzy connections.
“Once they were bonded, I never meant to
“Wait— Okay… But then—” Lestrade stammers in bewilderment, frazzled by the ricochet. Sherlock rounds him off.
“Of course I
, Sherlock Holmes, is where you’ll be sleeping.”
, he hears Sherlock’s smug voice echo inside his head, and he sips deeply at his wine to hide his wince.
Not that there’s anything much to celebrate.
“Y-yes,” Sherlock stammers, his cheeks pinking endearingly with the confession.
He goes through the motions of lackadaisically trading barbs with Mycroft, feigning disinterest as he all the while keeps an eye trained for even the slightest tell. It takes longer than he would have guessed. Only after Mycroft primly seats himself in John’s chair, accepting the tea that John graciously offers with the usual condescending simper, does he freeze distractedly, cup left hovering in midair.
Sherlock,” John sighs in his familiar put-upon manner, “that whole ‘Omegas can’t be satisfied by anyone but an Alpha’ bit is a load of rubbish. People will fancy whoever the hell they fancy. Hell, Clara was absolutely
"John," he cries out urgently, reaching back to paw ineffectually in the direction of John's head. The alpha's hips falter as he too clearly arrives at the same realization.
“That’s brilliant; it really is. You never cease to amaze me,” John praises as he rolls down his window, “but did you have to use so
“And when will you and the good Doctor be bonding then?” Mycroft prompts from behind him. The fat bastard doesn’t waste a second.
when you put it that way,” Sherlock protests with a childish wrinkle of his nose. Like it was nothing. Just a silly little game. “But
He rolls his head back onto the chair cushion to stare up at the ceiling as he considers it. While he may be loathe to admit it, his brother has long been his unexpected champion. Excepting his interference during the years of Sherlock’s addiction (which was admittedly fair— not that Sherlock will ever admit it aloud) he’s always granted Sherlock an unheard of level of freedom. As if Sherlock were a beta rather than an omega.
Mrs. Hudson's voice breaks the silence before he can let her down easily.
“Okay,” John gives a curt, decisive bob of his head. That’s that then. A warm glow of wonderment blooms inside of his chest. “So we're going to have a baby then.”
Omega. He doesn't miss the small, sidelong glance Sherlock shoots his way as he does it. It has him drawing himself up a little straighter.
think
“We don’t heave to you know,” he says quietly. “If you’re having second thoughts. It’s a big commitment, this, and…”
Despite his state, Sherlock can’t resist the opportunity to needle John a bit, and so he raises a brow at the arguably poor choice of words. As expected, John blushes furiously. It's possibly the most adorable thing Sherlock's ever been witness to in his life.
“Dr. Watson!” Sherlock beams as he looms over him, hands stuffed in the pockets that dramatic greatcoat. “Excellent, I was hoping to find you here! I was looking for Dr. Stamford, but he wasn't in his office.”
Sherlock stares down at her in complete bewilderment, and is relieved to see that John looks even more befuddled than himself.
“D’you wanna roll o’er?” John mumbles sleepily.
“For what? What are you talking about?” He stands to face her, his Alpha instincts refusing to allow him to kneel and look up at her as she taunts him. He pretends not to remember precisely what she’s referring to.
John fights back the instinctive urge to posture territorially; to snarl and drive her away from
The Alpha coolly raises an eyebrow.
Sherlock’s palms move on to glide across the smooth plain of John’s chest, and it’s light dusting of golden hair. His mouth quickly joins his hands; tasting John’s skin with lips, teeth and tongue in a slow, thorough manner that makes it rather obvious that he’s committing it all to memory. John squirms in a very pleasant sort of agony when Sherlock take one dusky nipple into his mouth, laving at it curiously with his tongue.
And just like that, they’re off. As Sherlock bolts, John can't help but deflate slightly, fighting off a frisson of disappointment that he knows he shouldn’t feel. He gives his head a firm shake, then turns to head for the tube, nearly colliding with the solid wall of Sherlock’s chest.
“Now, you’re hardly in your dotage, but you're still much older than the
There were other signs of course. He’s quite well informed of them now, having spent the entirety of the cab ride to the chemists researching them on his mobile. The ones he’d indifferently attributed to illness; the tedious fatigue; the rampant nausea; his newfound aversion to an array of various foods and smells—
quickly in John's estimation, considering how long he'd nattered on about his newfound lock-picking skills over the last fortnight. Given
John can’t
“It does?” John declares incredulously from the sofa. “Really? After all
just to introduce himself! And in case you’ve forgotten,
“Yeah, okay,” John nods, “that’s fair. And if I can coax Sarah into keeping the results out of the system for the time being — buy us a bit of time?”
“Sorry?“
“Oh.” His eyes widen in surprise at what he sees there.
“You’ve known since the Cavendish case, haven’t you,” John sighs, rubbing his palms against the arms of his chair and staring down at the hearth. “When I pointed out that Marie was probably pregnant, and you sort of… shut down.”
got to go to university and actually study what you
“Sorry—" John pauses in his perusal of the eccentric collection of clutter blanketing the table in the center of the room. "You stopped her husband being executed?”
.” He grips John’s shoulders as the smaller man plants his knees for better leverage, and begins to steadily pump his hips. He starts gently, but at the urging of Sherlock’s own shifting hips, and the demanding instructions hissed into his ear, he’s soon thrusting in earnest. Sherlock moans, digging his fingers deeper into the sweat-slick curve of John’s back and lifting his hips desperately to meet the increasingly hard thrusts.
Sherlock nods his thanks awkwardly, then retreats.
When John pesters him for the details about the rabbit as they leave, and implies that Sherlock’s coat and cheekbones make him look cool and mysterious, his Omega can’t help but preen delightedly, despite Sherlock’s flustered outward denial. He can’t recall a more pleasantly diverting afternoon in recent memory.
Satisfied that John’s attempting to address it at least, he turns back to the safe and begins contemplating the keypad. Going by the make, it has it be a six digit code, but only the first number of the code
“You know I don’t concern myself with trivia.” Sherlock parries apathetically as he hands it back. “Who is she?”
“It seems that pregnancy can have rather unfavourable effects upon the bladder,” Sherlock wrinkles his nose in annoyance. “It’s common; or so I'm told. They’re holding a prescription for me.”
Somehow they’d made it past all that; somehow John had forgiven him, and they’d made it back to here. To this bone-deep surety of their love for one another. If he believed in a higher power, he’d be down on his knees, fervently giving thanks for this second chance.
“D’you ever reply?” John’s calls after him, his tone acidic and harsh.
That’s an entirely different kettle of fish.
“We haven’t engaged in intercourse since the child’s conception, and will certainly not be doing so again. Besides, as you well know, a heat is required for bonding to take place. And I’m hardly about to return to the appallingly untenable lifestyle of managing heat cycles after the child is weaned.”
“I’m not sure I can-”
“May I?”
“Absolutely,” Sherlock confirms. “I’m sure that all his old cronies will positively fall over themselves to pat him on the back, and congratulate him on a job well done, if he does. Bringing his unruly Omega dependens to heel for the good of the family name,
for bursting into our flat at this hour, or did you drop in just to chat?” Sherlock glowers up at the DI.
within the norm for an unbonded Omega to travel freely in the company of an Alpha to whom they're neither bonded or related.
as the contractions tear through him. Eventually though, the exhaustion becomes too much, and he finds himself drifting off to sleep.
Despite the rather generous helping, he finishes first — it’s startling how hungry he finds himself these days — and sets his plate aside to curl up with his head on the arm of the sofa, tucking his toes beneath the warmth of John’s thigh. Putting his own unfinished plate aside for a moment, John reaches up behind them to pull down the afghan shaking it out before he drapes it gently over Sherlock’s side. Sherlock gives a hum of contentment and tucks a hand over his belly beneath the blanket. John resumes his dinner, resting one hand on Sherlock’s knee as if unconsciously while they relax, the soothing drone and blue glow of the telly filling the room. It’s so achingly warm and domestic that Sherlock allows himself to luxuriate in it a while.
“We’re not a couple,” John counters defensively and Sherlock tries to ignore the painful throb in his chest at the words.
In the dim light and quiet of the room, it feels as though they’ve created a pocket in time that’s just their own; separate from the rest of the world.
“Oh?”
As he puffs agitatedly on his cigarette and considers taking the gamble of flagging down the next passing cab, a distinctive purple one pulls up alongside the kerb. The driver’s window slides down and a middle-aged bottle-blonde Beta leans out to peer up at him questioningly.
John processes that thought and feels an itch of rage begin just under his skin. Retroactive rage at anyone who might have conceivably
When John continues on down the aisle, Sherlock closes his eyes for a moment, and takes a long, deep breath through his nose.
He should be pleased to hear it; exuberant, really. It’s exactly what he’s been waiting his whole life to hear; clear, concise, and completely uncomplicated.
“Yes, of course. Never again,” Sherlock lies, leaning over the driver's-side door to greet John with a kiss. “Mycroft’s sent word,” he explains as John goes round to the passenger side and climbs in, “he’s sending that analyst of his, Lestrade, to meet us.”
Sherlock’s face burns with embarrassment, a wave of awkward insecurity overtaking him. He hadn’t meant to be so obviously overeager. Stupid,
“I can tell you it’s a young person.” Mycroft concedes with a displeased frown, and John merely sips his tea demurely, as though butter wouldn’t melt in his mouth. “A young
In 1995, when the usual search of Bart's turns up nothing, he makes the trek out to the familiar row of townhouses, but the lights in the upstairs flat of number 221 remain steadfastly off; no signs of life from within. The rest of that night he spends perched on John’s doorstep, listening to the sound of the waves round back, and staring up at the stars.
As his mother used to say; if wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
Sherlock likewise avoids thinking about the actual occasion in question as much as possible. The doorbell continues to ring insistently, in a preposterously irritating manner. He swivels his head to shout angrily down at it.
“Christ,” he growls, scraping his teeth against the hinge of Sherlock’s jaw, “I just want to
“A fact I'll deny to my last.”
"Who cares about decent?” Sherlock happily dismisses the notion as he slips his sunglasses back down over his eyes. “The game, Mrs. Hudson, is on!" She titters girlishly and shoos him playfully, turning away from the window and disappearing back into her flat, just as the front door swings open.
He’s not about to let John’s life have been risked in order to
“I don't hate
“No,” John confirms affably on Sherlock’s behalf, “none whatsoever, actually.”
“Yes, ” Sherlock takes a leap of his own and replies after a few moments of silence. “He…Father was a good Alpha, and an affable man; very loving in his own way. But he was still of a very... traditionalist mindset,” Sherlock casts his gaze out the window, “in regard to the station of Omega’s in the world.”
, John thinks, a touch hysterically.
“Pregnant.”
Despite having had numerous sexual partners, and relationships, John has never bonded. He has, in fact, never openly expressed a desire for offspring. Conclusion: There is a distinct possibility that, upon being informed, John will be amenable to a temporary separation, without any need for Mycroft’s involvement. It would be the less effective of the two options however, given that John's scent is quite established within the flat itself. And if were John to leave under those circumstances… well, he might not come back.
“That,” he giggles uncontrollably, “wasn’t just me.” He turns to look at Sherlock with a curious smile as something occurs to him. “Why aren’t we back at the restaurant?”
in a position to dictate the proper conduct for Omegas, considering that the only reason that I’m here at all is due to you having killed your mate,
John’s hand shifts from his forehead to his cheek, and the movement sends frissons of pleasure wavering across Sherlock’s skin. The proximity floods Sherlock’s nose with John’s scent. He smells like tea, gingernuts, and woodsmoke, with the faintest underlying trace of cordite. It makes Sherlock think of comfort, and safety, and
“Have you seen my blue jumper anywhere?” He shouts as he rummages about in the cupboard on the landing. “You know, the one with the stripes.”
Downstairs the front door opens and shuts, the distinct tap of an umbrella accompanying the footsteps that make their way to the base of the stairs. He draws in a deep, bracing breath through his nose as they reach the stairs and opens his eyes.
“I'm saying there's plenty of other blokes out there for you, Sarah.”
"Scratches," he gestures pointedly to its dinged face. "Not one; many, over time. It’s been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting next to me wouldn’t treat his one luxury item like this, so it’s had a previous owner. Next bit’s easy. You know it already."
“I’ll say,” John agrees. “Like a frightened horse on a frozen lake back there! I'm kidding,” he tilts his head, considering,”...
“Oh,” Sherlock waspishly interjects, “how kind of you all to include me.”
His mobile vibrates suddenly in his hands and he sighs as he looks down, expecting another of Irene’s tedious messages. She’s been tirelessly persistent in her pursuit. He’s pleasantly surprised to find, however, that it’s Lestrade.
“Starving,” Sherlock grins.
Sherlock replies dumbly, all higher thought evaporating in the heat of John’s gaze. He hadn't thought… It had never even
“He's waiting for you,” the doctor informs him with an answering grin, then gestures toward the hall on his left. “Just this way, please.”
“Before we go, you must promise me one thing,” Sherlock demands, and John raises a questioning brow. “You absolutely
, he collects himself just enough to clumsily back John up against the kitchen door-frame, shifting his stance lower in order to nudge one leg between the alpha’s thighs. John gives a low moan of appreciation before suddenly breaking the kiss.
“What are you… what
He moans as he pushes back frantically on his fingers, imagining that they belong to someone else entirely, then rocks forward to rub his aching cock against the bed again. Squeezing his eyes shut tightly, he recalls John knelt behind him, resting his head on the small of Sherlock's back.
” Sherlock whines, stroking himself frantically.
,” he adds, turning his left hand slightly to showcase the simple gold band encircling his third finger.
“Captain Watson,” Sherlock smirks at the formality, but politely inclines his head.
He realizes of course, as he sets a mug and heaping plate of breakfast down in front of Sherlock, what a colossal waste it is presenting Sherlock anything besides the tea. To his astonishment however, rather than picking at his plate like some sort of overly-particular exotic bird, Sherlock tucks right into it voraciously. John sits himself down across from him with his own breakfast, goggling in surprise at the turnabout from the usual state of affairs. He generally counts himself successful if he’s able to wheedle or coerce Sherlock into nibbling at a slice of toast. And here he is, practically
“I guess I must,” the older man smiles affably, reaching out to clasp the offered hand in a firm handshake.
my gender to be validated by some- some-
” he spits, his eyes hard as stone. “No, I pitied you, and that's the truth. I pitied you. Now you give me some sales pitch about how fucking peachy forever could be. I'm sorry. You want to spend forever somewhere nothing matters? End up like Sarah? Like all those desperate sods at The Quagmire trying anything to feel something? Go ahead. But I'm
John laughs ruefully at that shameless admission. It’s almost refreshing to hear something honest out of her. “Sherlock doesn’t
if you were... looking for baby names.” John clarifies, so deliberately offhand and carelessly affable that Sherlock’s almost convinced, but there’s a hard edge in his eyes that belies it.
Sherlock rolls his head to face the doorway and languidly greets them without rising— as though he and John have merely been partaking of a lovely tea service.
“It was a good idea,” she shrugs impassively. “Philip made plenty of enemies over the years through his work; money is incredibly divisive.”
"Y-yes," Sherlock pants, bearing down with his inner muscles to squeeze John in turn, making the alpha hiss appreciatively.
Sherlock finally emerges just as the kettle clicks off, immaculately dressed and perfectly coiffed, looking like nothing so much as a bloody advert for Savile Row. He swans into his usual chair at the table silently, and as John fixes their tea he catches himself staring out the corner of his eye, trying and failing to suppress the incredulous mantra of
“But what?” John snaps testily. “I have a strong suspicion that I don’t want to know how the man whos favoured method of
could make time to attend the appointment at the family barrister’s with Mycroft, the very least his infuriating brother could do in turn is actually show up on time. As he turns to begin his fourth lap of the street, he spots the black town car pulling up alongside the kerb ahead. He picks up his pace, covering the distance as quickly as possible with a stride that’s mortifyingly begun to take on an undeniable hint of
In Sherlock's bed.
“A noble sentiment,” Sherlock simpers falsely. “So then Eddie, tell me;” he prompts, casually sipping his tea, “when, exactly, did sleeping with her become a part of your brotherly duties?”
“We can stop along on our way back to Baker Street,” he offers, tapping out a response to whatever message has come through with a frown as he sits back.
“Bossy,” John giggles, even as he slips his fingers out and scrambles to oblige.
“Not anyone?” John raises a brow. “What, in town or…?”
as Victor did, I did occasionally enjoy our activities to a degree. But I grew to find Victor’s continual insistence upon them incredibly tedious. At his request, we attempted full intercourse once— very unsuccessfully. I wasn’t able to
“I was right.” Sherlock gasps.
“Guess you’re a tourist, just like me,” Sherlock declares with a pleased smile.
slow.
by the physical evidence of his own virility.
baby — headlong into harm’s way, then yeah, maybe! If that’s what it takes to keep you safe!”
“He wasn’t.”
If John wanted to flounce about informing all and sundry, he could very well field the inevitable fuss and expectations lobbed their way.
He strokes a hesitant hand gently over the still-flat plane of his stomach and allows himself to imagine it.
Also, the model of sedan is completely wrong.
“How very uplifting,” Mycroft retorts. “But then you weren’t the one who had to deal with his overdosing on a filthy mattress in a some squalid drug den, now were you?” His eyes fall shut for a moment, as if recalling that very occasion, and Sherlock narrows his eyes in surprise at uncharacteristic display of emotion. “No, even disregarding any health concerns, Sherlock
It’s two stops too soon, but he gets off anyways and walks the rest of the way home.
. At this rate, he’s beginning to believe they may just carry on as such right up until the moment he delivers the child. The Omega in him tries not to feel slighted by the implied lack of notice from his Alpha, especially given that it works so well to his advantage, but it regardless of the attempt it still smarts.
to imagine… You can’t know the bond, the commitment, the boredom, the yearning, the laughter, the love of it… The fucking love. You just
“Yes,” Sherlock agrees, pointing the pistol upward and firing off several shots. Somewhere nearby tyres screech to a halt. “On their way.”
. Irene and I
claims to be Sherlock’s favourite word. “Surely
“This isn’t going to…” John’s gulps desperately for air enough to speak. “Last… very long.”
recall doing a substantial amount of pleading over the course of his heat with John. None of which ended at all unpleasantly.
? He may as well have patted John the head and offered him some biscuits.
” Sally sputters in protest. “He can’t- we can’t just let him stay on and interrogate the suspect when he
John shifts slightly beside him, bringing his head in close and resting his temple against Sherlock’s curls.
He forces himself up out of bed, removing his soiled pants with a grimace. He kicks them in the general direction of the hamper and pulls on the dressing gown that had been draped over the chair in the corner. Cautiously, he pokes his head out the door, keeping an ear out for any sign of John.
Besides, would she be so eager if she knew he was carrying the offspring of another Alpha in his belly?
And now… well.
he'd think that it had just been an excuse to avoid him for a weekend. John’s taken to avoiding being home at the flat together for long stretches since… well,
“You're an idiot,” Sherlock laughs, relaxing a bit and hopping up to sit on the bin behind them. “I've never been on a dance floor,” he admits.
“No,” John argues back mulishly. “But I
” John mulishly announces as he steps out onto the doorstep, clearly having made his way down whilst the two of them were bantering. He ambles down the front walk to the kerb, pulling on light jacket as he goes. “As in;
“Ah. Perhaps I neglected to mention,” Sherlock elaborates with a smirk as he sets to tuning the strings, “my brother is rather... shall we say,
“Mm, really quite thoroughly,” Sherlock rolls his head and shrugs agreeably. “Of course, that isn’t to say that Mycroft isn’t still traditional, in his own way. There
an imbecile.
a voice sneers inside his head, sounding remarkably like Sherlock.
John nods with a complete lack of surprise and tucks back into his breakfast as he continues. “I'll give Sarah a call; see if she can't slip us in sometime in the next few days.”
if there’s a case on. None of that nonsense about digestion slowing you down — the baby needs all the nutrients it can get.”
Sherlock looks up, aghast. “How did you find that out?”
“John, I— ” Sherlock winces and gasps as the pain grips him, much more pronounced now that he’s allowing himself to
until you.”
Oh, how delightful
He stands on the edges of the floor, beside a pillar, watching as the two begin swaying along with the crush of bodies around them. As John shimmies his hips and arms to the tune of the music, his eyes meet Sherlock’s briefly through a break in the crowd. When he returns his attention to his partner, swinging her body against his with a smile, Sherlock sucks in a sharp breath; surprised by the sudden sting of disappointment. In an effort to soothe the sting, he makes his way to the bar, and rebelliously orders himself a gin and tonic.
, the young man follows them.
Just the thought makes him shudder.
The blasted man. He knows that Sherlock can hardly argue against
“Bit odd, meeting us at his dead brother’s house when he has a flat of his own though, isn’t it?” John observes, folding his hands behind his back and casually rocking on his heels as they wait. Lestrade quirks a knowing smile his way just as the door begins to open.
Sherlock manages to keep a straight face just long enough for John to burst into laughter, before he simply dissolves into giggles himself.
touch
Sherlock remains silent, his eyes catching on the inconspicuously disturbed skull on the mantlepiece. He scans the room, observing the various minute signs of disarray. Searched then. He spares a brief moment of panic for the pregnancy tests he’d hidden away in his sock drawer, before recalling that he disposed of them in a nearby skip just a day ago.
“Well, I’m sure you’ve heard about Harry’s latest exploits.”
Of course, the endeavour to actually
And when they’re tangled together, with John buried deep inside of him and his own cock trapped between the sweaty press of their bodies, rubbing against that soft, warm curve of flesh...
“Mm, look at those cheekbones; I could cut myself slapping that face,” she purrs down at him with a lascivious smirk. “Would you like me to try?”
“Yeah, well, I didn’t think that there would
omega experiencing their first pregnancy. And you don't exactly have the best track record for looking after your health.”
“Fine, thanks,” he affirms with a crisp nod. As the pod rolls out onto the main road and picks up speed, he turns to stare out the window, his grip opening and closing as if unconsciously over the handle of his cane.
cheekbones.
Tomorrow John will be gone
that he can’t help but whimper.
“Where is she?” Sherlock demands as he fumbles about the room, his limbs still gelatinous and uncooperative, checking every corner and crevice for any trace of her. John humours him briefly, but when he falls to the floor again and drags himself to peer under the bed as well, he clearly decides enough is enough.
no, no, no. Back to bed.” John hauls him up from the floor with strong, capable hands and tucks him neatly back into bed. Reassured, Sherlock rubs his face against the sheets happily.
“How would I know that?”
Two weeks after Irene's little disappearing act, Lestrade shows up with the Cavendish case, and it’s not a moment too soon.
Which is a blessing frankly; because otherwise John would be rather thoroughly giving them away this very moment. Mycroft hasn’t spared him so much as glance as of yet, but John has gone almost imperceptibly stiff at the insinuation, his eyes anxiously darting between them. He’s quite obviously thinking back on two particularly vigorous days in their flat, and Sherlock’s very enthusiastic
“Y’know, this Victor sounds like a right cock.” John chirps with a brittle smile, teeth bared and eyes hard.
He loses himself in it; John's scent thick on the air, the small, strong hands gripping his hips, the thick alpha cock filling him up, and the swollen knot already beginning to tease his entrance with each thrust. The realization takes a moment to dawn on him through the haze of lust.
have been unceremoniously done away with at the earliest opportunity, but that’s
“Just… help me,” he begs. “Can you just... Just make this easy for me?”
Which is precisely how they find themselves well and truly
“Trust me when I say you have
“So he… He didn't tell you?” She ventures hesitantly to start.
“What is there to discuss?” Sherlock straightens in his chair, his heart speeding up to an uncomfortable gallop within his chest. Is John reconsidering his acceptance of the situation already? He
John’s face lights up in pleased surprised at the endorsement, and Sherlock covertly savours the sight as he returns to his confessional tale. “As I was saying— he was bright and not at all unattractive, and to my complete surprise, I grew to enjoy his company. Despite my expectations.” Sherlock quirks the corner of his mouth in a smile as his fondest memory of his time with Victor comes to mind. “Also, Fairfax and I became quite stalwart companions— once we overcame the unpleasantness of our initial encounter.”
to shag you— a lot. And more importantly, you’re absolutely not getting
what I mean, you tit!” John breathes harshly through his nose. “I mean I— I can’t just…
“Hmm?”
“All things considered,” he informs her, no more clearly than before. ”I guess I'm ready.”
“Sherlock?” He’d called, a note of concern in his voice. “Are you okay? Did you… Did you actually dash off like that because you were feeling poorly?” Sherlock had ignored him, thoroughly engaged at the time with the fifth of six different tests that had been available on the shelf at the chemists. “You might have just said- Lestrade would have understood, you know. Can I get you anything?”
“It never occurred to me, in all honesty. It wasn’t as though the connection had done me any favours. He was stubbornly persistent about keeping me out of here entirely until he was sure that it was without risk or flaw. Besides,” Sherlock wryly raises a brow. “I hardly had much of an opportunity, even if I’d thought to; my brother isn’t exactly a topic that I care to discuss mid-shag.”
Mike introduces him to Sarah the very next morning. She takes one look at his cane and lifts an eyebrow, but doesn’t comment on it.
It doesn’t help the situation in the slightest that the entire meal, his mind stays hopelessly fixated on Sherlock, rather than the beautiful woman sitting across from him. He hasn’t the foggiest what it was that put such a bee in Sherlock’s bonnet this time, but that glimpse of bitterness he’d caught in Sherlock’s eyes leaves him shaken.
John, of course, doesn't quite agree with that sentiment when it accidentally comes out over breakfast the following morning, but he moves on from it surprisingly quickly. Sherlock can hardly believe his luck... until it rapidly becomes apparent that John’s attention is merely far more fixated on the newly introduced third party in their partnership.
improper!“
but every time he attempts either, the words seem to evaporate from his tongue in a panic. He wants to delay John’s departure for as long as possible, and he can think of nothing more expediting than the confession of unsolicited infatuation.
He opens his mouth to lash back viciously, just as John pipes up from the sofa. He’s closed his laptop and settled it quietly on the table, and cradles his mug between his two hands as he leans forward earnestly in his seat.
Several minutes of continued silence were all it had taken for John to admit defeat and retreat with a sigh. Though only after announcing the presence of tea on the floor outside, should Sherlock require it, as well as his intention to head upstairs for a kip.
When John lets loose a delighted, uproarious laugh, Sherlock’s lips curl upward into a pleased smile of their own. Then a thought strikes him, and the smile falters.
“Just... just a minute,” John baulks, leaning forward in his seat. “You saw
“You’re the first person who’s truly enjoyed my company, rather than just tolerated because of my station, or bloodline, or fortune. I’ve found myself experiencing… feelings of late. Of the sort that I’ve never felt before now. Toward you.”
By the time they get home to Baker Street, his heat has well and truly set in. It's all that he can do to keep his hands — and his mouth — to himself the entire drive. The moment their cab pulls up to the kerb, he springs from the back, bolting inside with the single minded focus of getting upstairs to their bedroom and out of his clothes. He's perched on the edge of their bed, making short work of his shirt buttons in an effort to free himself from the increasingly suffocating embrace of it’s fabric when John finally appears. He lingers in the doorway of the bedroom, his hesitance betraying an uncharacteristic fit of nervousness.
“What are you doing?”
.” He rolls his face toward the other man, his breath slowing as the laughter peters off. “Why’d you tell me six?”
Mm, yes.” Sherlock smiles back. “Veggie korma for me, if you wouldn’t mind.”
Hamish Alfie Holmes finally makes his way into the world at 4:17 am, after 39 hours of labour and one emergency cesarean, and wastes no time whatsoever loudly notifying the world of his displeasure over the harrowing ordeal.
Sherlock means to reply in the affirmative, but as he turns onto his side and unintentionally nuzzles his face against his pillow, the vocalization devolves into a soft moan instead. His interest in tea is immediately discarded, in favour of further exploration of this newly discovered pleasure of the soft, cool surface.
Just another case of Sherlock’s inability to resist indulgence.
Sherlock makes a muffled noise of approval against John’s mouth, bringing his own hands up to bury fingers in short, sandy locks. He opens his mouth on a sigh, slipping his tongue out tentatively to trace the soft curve of John’s lower lip once before nipping at the soft flesh in gentle demand. John groans loudly and grants him entry, hands slipping down from Sherlock’s face to fist the lapels of his coat.
“It sounds so
“Well too bad. I like it.” Sherlock informs him roundly. “And as I’m the one who’s traipsing about looking increasingly like some sort of land-based beluga, I feel I have the most sway over the decision.”
- I. Don’t.
If Sherlock knew what he’d been thinking just now- even for so much as a moment, even unconsciously… He’d be disgusted. Or horrified. Or both. An anxious swell of nausea rises up inside him. What if Sherlock
“Dinner?” John asks over his shoulder, as he makes his way to the kitchen.
should be. We’re hardly a matched set,” he adds with an awkward laugh.
sitting right here you know.” he points out with a scowl as John collects their empty mugs and plates from the side tables.
Sherlock stops dead in his tracks.
“How did I get here?"
“Life without suppressants is otherwise discomfiting, and inconvenient at best. And even if it wasn’t, John’s usual sexual preferences run decidedly to that of the feminine variety. He wouldn’t… It was simply a spontaneous — if unorthodox — solution to an unexpected situation, which has resulted in a remarkable outcome. We’re simply friends and flatmates, and will continue on as such. Albeit with the added responsibility of shared parenthood. There’s no reason to read any more into it than that.”
You’re blowing it entirely out of proportion.”
He nearly forgets the plate in the microwave in his haste to rush off.
How strange it is, that he’d once thought of bonding as the very height of subjugation. Not a physical act of dedication or devotion. Just a way for an alpha to keep him under their thumb; show the world that their ownership of him.
“I love it here,” Sherlock declares with a quiet sigh, and John turns to regard him thoughtfully.
that need to be acquired before further action can be taken, and promptly
“I’m certain that whatever you like yourself would more than suffice in that… area. But I don’t expect you to, um
“You're Molly?” His face lights up in surprise as he beams back at her. “Well, I’ll be damned.”
who interests him like
.” He sneers at her, in a deliberate attempt to provoke her baser nature; that instinctual Alpha drive to impress an Omega, regardless of her personal proclivities. Anything to get her to really
“The locals?” She replies with a disinterested huff. “They're like dead people!”
John blinks at him, then purses his lips and curtly bobs his head once in acceptance. “Well, alright then.” He stands and brushes his hands together as if washing them of the subject entirely. It's a gesture that Sherlock finds oddly… lightening. As if John has relieved him of the burdens of his past, and absolved them both of it entirely.
“Could be dangerous,” John contends with a grin, playfully alluding to that first breathless, exhilarating evening together, hunting a murderous cabbie through the heart of London.
“Would you perhaps…" his voice creaks, rusty from disuse, and he pauses to clear his throat. "Might I interest you in a turn about the garden?"
John drops back into his seat like a stone.
It’s merely a matter of time before his grip fails to cooperate, and she plucks the phone from the floor with a pleased smile while he flounders helplessly at her feet.
he reminds the grumbling Alpha inside of him.
He doesn’t recall currently, but clearly they must, to some extent.
Alpha should; he couldn’t even
younger
Mycroft.
“Nothing's the matter,” Sherlock replies peevishly, his resolve slowly crumbling away beneath the warmth of John's palm against his skin and the gentle stroke of a thumb over the delicate skin of his hipbone. Such a small touch shouldn't be so unbearably arousing.
It’s as though a strangely pleasant fire has been set alight beneath every millimetre of his skin, wherever it touches John’s. A minute shudder wracks his body and he gives into the urge to pant lightly. John’s tongue peeks out to lick his lips in it’s habitual manner, and Sherlock’s eyes feel magnetically drawn to the sight.
Sherlock casts a beseeching eye toward Lestrade, as if the Detective Inspector will intervene on his behalf. John levels a dangerous look over his shoulder, on the off chance that Greg is considering it.
John starts, utterly incensed. “He isn’t - he isn’t
“Yes. Well… um,” Sherlock shifts in his chair restlessly before taking a long, shaky breath. “I have reason to be more concerned for my safety than I used to be.”
an excellent qualifier for him.”
John bops about to the rhythm in sync with everyone else around them, and Sherlock just watches, as his heart begins to try and claw its way up his throat. When John finally releases his hand to execute a turn, he seizes the opportunity and makes a break for it. It’s short work finding his way to the exit, and he bursts out into the alleyway, then sags back against the brick. It takes him a moment to realize that it’s raining, and he stares up at the sky, mesmerized. He’s in the midst of reaching out a shaky hand to feel the droplets against his skin when John appears in the doorway.
the idiot who told you that you were almost certainly safe from conception, and then immediately proceeded to get you up the duff. So you
He settles his head on the smaller man’s shoulder, where the comforting Alpha scent is strongest, and surreptitiously breathes in deep lungfuls of it. The ensuing calm and contentment is not unlike the most relaxing high he’s ever achieved.
“So it’s the brother that you’re hiding things from, is it?” She asks matter-of-factly as she slips on a pair of gloves. “The creepy, omniscient one?”
“In this?” John questions, squinting up into the rain.
calling me a slag.”
“So then you… ah… with Irene, then?”
“Of course you can,” John soothes, thumbs rubbing tiny circles against Sherlock’s heated skin. “You can do anything you set that brilliant mind of yours to. Come on now, love.”
“Flattered?” John tries again, thankfully still at a complete loss.
all Omegas who come from money do these days
“So, do you live here?” John prompts him over the rim of his glass.
“Look, I made a mistake,” she blithely brushes aside John’s ire. “I sent something to Sherlock for safe-keeping, and now I need it back, so I need your help.”
how he wants to. He swipes the tip his tongue out to wet his lips, and John's eyes snap to the small movement almost magnetically.
“Well, perhaps you should go buy a lottery ticket,
While it's eyes have not yet developed, they may just be a match for John's once they do. They're likely to have Sherlock's hair; both curls and darker shades being dominant traits. But the rest…
“Try me.”
If only Harry had been smarter. If only he’d been the heir rather than the spare. If only he hadn’t become a soldier and gotten himself shot on some godforsaken Spanish plain.
As he limps toward the sidelines of the ballroom, John Watson curses himself once again for having agreed to attend the evening’s festivities. It’s plain to see that it’s already a crush, and the ball has hardly just begun. Even before the war, he’d never been one for this sort of thing, and now… well. He shifts as much of his weight as possible onto his cane and surveys the back wall of the ballroom through the crowd, in hopes of finding himself a seat. If only Harry hadn’t gambled away the entirety of the family funds, including his inheritance, he wouldn’t be in this mess to begin with.
. It's
“Good job that.” John grins at him, completely oblivious to the absurdly possessive nature of Sherlock’s thoughts. “I’m pretty sure that Hannah would have been a bit old for you back then.”
While John argues with endearingly misplaced concern for sending Mrs. Hudson away to visit her sister, Sherlock triumphantly lays claim to a mince pie.
“Oh, of
It isn’t the most comfortable of experiences, being examined by John’s former lover, but he acquiescently tolerates her prodding and questions. John watches his compliance with such an air of astonishment that Sherlock would frankly find insulting, if it weren’t for his likewise relief about finally having Sherlock and the baby checked out.
“You’re so already so wet,” he murmurs in amazement. He loses himself in it for a moment, letting out a deep moan of his own as he mindlessly strokes, dipping his fingertips into the eager little hole that embraces them with a soft squelch. John’s skin feels as though it’s suddenly grown a size too small; hot, and tight, and constrictive. Sherlock cries out at the intrusion, his inner walls squeezing John’s fingers all the more tightly. He pants, tiny puffs of air dropping from his lips with every tremble like ripe fruit from a tree.
Hardly the way he'd like to impart the news to John.
“I'm given to understand that the, um, equipment is relatively similar to that of an Omega or Beta woman, with only the one,” Sherlock cuts off with a gasp as— with only the slightest trace of hesitation— John wraps a calloused hand around his length and gives a smooth stroke. “Ah, prominent exception.”
for him to arrange a match for me. When I told him I had no interest whatsoever, we never discussed it again.”
The food turns to sawdust in his mouth.
“Oh dear,” the Beta, Gary, begins to fuss as he looks over their reservation, clearly assuming the request for separate beds to have been made in error. “Something must have gone amiss
“Before,” John shifts above him and ventures hesitantly, “in the kitchen, when I touched it… you seemed fine.”
the baby however, they would have needed to act quickly
Despite what anyone may think, he's not
John staggers back a step as if the words are a physical blow.
and he feels the subdued spark of arousal flaring up inside him again already. “In any case, should you have any intent to reform your ways, I’d prefer you do so at a later date. I believe I’ll be requiring said attentions for some time yet. Repeatedly.”
He should really be put out by the fact that he somehow ends up lugging about
Sherlock nods his head tremulously as words fail him, tilting his hips even further upward; presenting himself for the taking. John takes the encouragement for what it is, driving into him deeper and harder. The heat is just as overwhelming this time as the last, if not more; he has no reason this time, to hide or deny the depth of his desire for the alpha above him. Bracing himself on one hand, he reaches down to where his painfully hard little cock bounces in the air beneath him as they move. Wrapping his hand around it, he tugs, moaning in time with every jarring thrust.
for a son. That it wasn’t natural, and so on. They fought, and he… well, he’d gotten mixed up in drugs by then, at school...” She pauses, scrapes a fingernail over an invisible flaw on the tabletop sorrowfully. “He tried climbing out his bedroom window, high as a kite; missed the drainpipe entirely. He only fell about fifteen feet, but it was enough.”
“I did,” Sherlock corrects as his lips curl up into a smirk, “and it isn’t.”
“Very well,” Sherlock angles his head in acquiescence, and is immediately rewarded with a brilliant smile.
Sherlock concedes.
,” John retorts with a pointed look at Sherlock’s navel.
,” Sherlock drawls flippantly. “
“Don’t be.” Sherlock bites back, leveling his best glare at her.
," Sherlock spits the word from his mouth with great offense. He snatches the phone back from John's hands hastily.
Immediately, an image of John’s warm blue eyes springs to his mind, and he revises the thought. No;
“Was it to do with the Beta-Omega pheromonal dynamic do you think? I’d abstracted some theories regarding hormonal response between gender cla-” He begins postulating excitedly, before John rudely cuts him off,
“I know,” John replies softly, determinedly maintaining eye contact. “But I'm sorry regardless. For…In the time I've been here, I said I wouldn't do this- do feelings. You scared me. I don't want to
By the time John’s draping his legs up over his arms and pushing slowly inside, Sherlock feels as though he’s been writhing and begging for
Sherlock may have agreed to delete the…
He immediately regrets asking, and scrubs a hand over his face in embarrassment and anger. He’s hardly going to
It’s clear that everyone takes them for a couple.
“Hm, according to standardized testing yes, his intellect was classified as superior. Though their standards are usually remarkably lower than mine.” He hesitates briefly before making a cautious attempt at reassurance. “There’s no need for jealousy John— while Victor was technically more intelligent, he wasn’t
With a cry, Sherlock does just that; grinding down into John’s lap hard; chasing every last ounce of sensation. John squeezes his hips and pulls him down even further, driving up into him hard and fast. A handful of vigorous thrusts are all it takes before he too is gasping with completion. His knot swells slightly; nothing like during a heat, but just enough to make Sherlock feel pleasantly full.
As he reaches the landing, the unholy racket cuts off abruptly, Sherlock pausing his abuse of the poor instrument to turn and stare at him expectantly. He stands in the doorway, trembling slightly and stares back.
Two weeks after the…
“I don’t understand.”
did,” Eddie spits, his gaze trailing off toward the far reaches of the room unseeingly, his voice softening as he continues. “It wasn’t… it was never meant to be like this. She was never meant to be Philip’s; she was supposed to be
“Oh no,” she reassures him, and he can hear the cheeky grin in her voice. “I’ve always gone in for a bit of rough, personally.”
“Mm,” Sherlock hums, eyes fluttering as he shivers slightly at the touch. “Yes, I believe so.”
“If you say so.”
“Your scent,” Mycroft tediously states the obvious in response, “it’s… different.”
He stares back down at her thoughtfully. That doesn’t sound terribly appealing
And maybe he is.
“You left it in the pocket of your second-best dressing gown, you clot.” She reminds him with a tired chuckle, resting her head in the cradle of her palm. “I managed to sneak it out when they thought I was having a cry.” He gives it a jaunty toss up in the air as he thanks her, then slips it into his pocket.
,” John happily obliges him, hands pressing Sherlock’s hips upward to better maintain the angle. “And not…the bit about your suppressants?” He huffs with amusement.
“Mr. Holmes is actually our foremost consultant,” Lestrade informs Eddie with a hint of reproach. Sherlock continues to say nothing, inspecting the room indifferently all the while.
“Mycroft? What did
“Because I was fortunate enough to be granted a voucher. And besides; it hardly matters where I was, be it that I wasn’t
Of course, now there’s still the small matter of
,” Sherlock smirks. He shifts slightly and feels a dribble of wetness between his thighs; his and John’s combined fluids leaking out of him. It should be utterly repulsive, but instead it’s absolutely
Sherlock casts a surprised glance over at John before returning his attention to the road. “You don't like it,” he announces with surprise.
pleased.” Mycroft pauses for effect, casting a disparaging eye around the room. “Well, to see you finally settled at least.”
Sherlock looks to Irene desperately she glances downward pointedly and his brows pull together. His Alpha’s
“Sherlock!”
Sherlock whimpers plaintively, and gives a jerky shake of his head, tiny beads of sweat rolling down from hairline with the motion. “I
“And you invaded Afghanistan,” Sherlock remarks, and John can’t hold back the answering flood of laughter that bubbles up.
to happen sooner or later, given the propensity of the wealthy for attracting trouble.
Sherlock narrows his eyes at him. “You asked Mycroft,” he announces.
“It is,” Lestrade confirms, digging into the Gregg's takeaway bag on the table in front of him. He pulls out another sausage roll and holds it out to Sherlock, who wrinkles his nose.
him. He bites his lip and moans at the realization. Why on earth is that so incredibly arousing? John rolls his hips steadily all the while, neither slowing or speeding up. At the end of each stroke he deliberately presses the hot swell of his knot tightly against Sherlock, pulling back just before it slips inside. Sherlock sucks in a shaky breath and sobs.
of my brother’s condition, Dr. Watson, did you stop to ensure that he was able to provide fully cognizant consent prior to providing this
“I said
thought he was ‘remarkably intelligent’? The man must have been pretty bloody brilliant in that case.” John scoffs, his face pinched in an oddly resentful manner. It’s easily identifiable as jealousy, though Sherlock can’t imagine why. John’s normally quite accepting of his exceedingly average intellect, and only grows snappish about any disparity if he’s overly hungry or Sherlock has made too many quips at his expense.
“Of course not. My research indicated that it would be near impossible to conceal past the scent change at fourteen weeks, and that was only if I didn’t start to show sooner, or if you didn’t piece it together yourself from the other symptoms. That had seemed especially likely, given that you are, indeed, a doctor. In fact, I rather hope your obliviousness isn't an overall reflection of your medical capabilities.”
Best not to let on how often he
“Hamish.” Sherlock announces offhandedly, and John scrunches his face in surprise as he shrugs out of his own jacket.
, arching his back and spreading his legs unconsciously wider. John lights up with a self-satisfied grin. “There we are! Vestigial prostate.”
you.”
Despite being the one to have requested assistance in the first place, Lestrade is no help whatsoever, so he’s left with no choice but to choke down the apparently mandatory meal. Once he’s gotten it over with and changed out of his dressing gown and pyjamas, a short cab ride to New Scotland Yard has them holed up in Lestrade’s office reviewing the entirety of the case files.
“Listen Sherlock- It's fine.” John cuts him off.
With that in mind, he may as well indulge himself and savour every moment he has left with his Alpha before he’s gone.
“During my second year, his father passed away suddenly in the midst of a financial scandal, and he was forced to withdraw from the college. Shortly after that he decided to relocate to America to join his mother, and that, as they say, was the end of that. I’m certain that Mycroft had a hand in the decision, though neither would ever admit it. He
that you’ve been counting,” he remarks offhandedly, belying the bitterness that seethes through him at the disapproval.
there!” Lestrade bellows at his gawping team as he tries to haul a thrashing Marie off of Sherlock. “You’re
The realization comes to him, as he hurries home through the thick fog, that the entire course of the night his leg hadn’t troubled him once.
“It’s largely due to marital practices of the elite— traditionally we were essentially sold off to the highest bidder. Being that the gene is recessive, it was only a matter of time before Omegas were largely bred out of the lower classes and into the upper. Even today, working-class Omega’s are essentially guaranteed an advantageous union without any sort of real effort, if they so choose. Financial security in exchange for our fecundity. Given our lack of independence, it’s a sensible trade.”
it’s as if the man can’t be satisfied without finding
On the sofa, John closes his eyes momentarily and takes a deep breath, as if to steady himself. “I’ll thank you to know that I’m perfectly capable of self-control Mycroft, ta very much.”
“His name was Victor. Victor Trevor."Despite the fact that he’d had absolutely no interest in starting this conversation to begin with, he finds the words spilling out of him unchecked. Clearly the verbal disinhibition of estrus has begun to set in. "He was a classmate of mine at Cambridge; a Beta. He was a year ahead of me, but we met when his bull terrier— Fairfax— bit me during my first week, while I was exploring the grounds.”
people too you know; not playthings. They’re just like you or I or any Beta.” He responds tiredly, exhausted by her constant attempts to provoke him. She hums disinterestedly, as though she’ll have to take his word for it; classic Alpha arrogance. He supposes, to her, everyone’s either a plaything, a stepping stone, or a tool to make use of.
“I should have bloody known,” Lestrade mutters, half to himself, shaking his head as he runs a hand through his hair. “I mean, I suppose you lot all get sent to the same poncy public schools for Omegas don't you?“
"You got all that, from
Sherlock sits in wait on the front step of 221, his coat left hanging on a hook just inside the foyer, he tilts his face up into the sunshine with a smile, listening to the screech of the gulls. He’s pulled out of his reverie when familiar jeep pulls up to the kerb, cans rattling noisily on strings in it’s wake, and horn blaring. John, dressed outrageously in a morning suit and top hat, leaps up from the driver’s seat to stand on the runner-board.
"I'm quite accustomed to it," Sherlock offers with a tight smile. "Now, pair that with the intense feelings of frustration and shame radiating off of it, and the fact he's just given it away? Marriage in trouble. If she’d left him, he would have kept it. People do – sentiment. But no, he wanted rid of it. He left
know. Everything we sacrificed; the years I gave her, the years she gave me. Did you ever think to
But John is persistent this time around.
; like you.”
It can't be said that Mycroft doesn't have
raised in a manner entirely typical of any Omega,” Sherlock announces abruptly when he re-enters the kitchen clad in his pyjamas and blue dressing gown. “As I indicated in the taxi, Father firmly believed that an Omega’s place was in the home, and under the careful supervision of an Alpha Familiae or Maritus”
They turn down the short hall, stopping to let the doctor place his palm against the panel next to one of its doors. The panel glows green and the door slides open with a beep. He waves them inside.
John sputters, choking slightly on his tea, his eyes going wide with surprise. “Jesus Sherlock,” he coughs in a wheezing attempt to clear his airway, “how on
“Then get
As Sherlock allows John to lead him out of the room, Lestrade’s voice gradually grows too faint to follow. The last thing he sees, when he casts a final glance over his shoulder as they turn the corner, is two gobsmacked Beta officers holding her struggling form in place between them.
Alpha who beat Sherlock Holmes. The situation isn't improved by the fact that every time John forgets himself, and considers checking Sherlock for fever, he's struck by a vivid recollection of exactly what happened the last time he did so, and his prick grows embarrassingly stiff in his trousers. Which is- well, he's a
and shakes her head pityingly. “But I don’t know how you stand it; living with him, being at his constant beck and call, catering to his every whim, and not
“She doesn’t want anything.” Sherlock turns back to face him slowly, eyebrows arching delicately with renewed interest. Mycroft raises his own brows in a subtle challenge. “She got in touch, she informed us that the photographs existed, she indicated that she had no intention to use them to extort either money or favour.”
He wants to protect his baby.
alarmed
,” she prompts him.
Of course there’s the small added benefit that, should Sherlock be successful, Mycroft will be positively
“Oh?” John looks up from his stack of files. “Oh, what? Did you find something?”
“Oh,” Sherlock releases a quiet breath of relief. “Ground rules are… acceptable.” He can hardly argue against John looking after the baby’s health and wellbeing after all. “What do you have in mind?”
my kind of man.”
and it was the
John repeats questioningly. “That’s… unusual.”
. Case in point: my consulting and our living situation.”
“Best be out with it Marie,” Sherlock informs her boredly, crossing his legs and examining his nails, “between the footage from the security cameras, and everything else that your idiotic lover informed us of, it’s well and truly over for you in any case.”
. You’re my best friend, and I’m happy to do this if it’s what you want to do. I’m not going anywhere.”
Even if one disqualifies his experiences with Victor for lack of sufficient deflowering,
of it surprisingly far harder to discuss than he’d expected.
“You’re not lying to make me feel more at ease. You really haven’t.” He declares, unable to keep the note for surprise from his voice.
I didn’t want you to think I was one of those alphas who gets ideas just because we
When he looks up be locks eyes with John and sees the sudden understanding of his hesitation to spread the news fall into place. The careful fiction that he’s woven around himself over the years is rapidly unravelling before his very eyes and there's nothing he can do to stop it. Not that he's set down in this path. Even those who know the truth forget it often enough, without any obvious tells to remind them. But once he’s grown soft and round, there’ll be no denying it or forgetting it any more.
“Whatever for?” Mycroft questions incredulously. “Surely Detective Inspector Lestrade isn’t allowing you to traipse about crime scenes in your condition.”
“Likewise,” John chuckles gently, as he grasps Sherlock’s fingers in his own. As soon as they let go, Sherlock ducks past him and heads out into the street, mindless of the drizzle dampening his curls.
admirable had they executed it less sloppily.” He purses his lips and taps the sealed copy of the ransom note.
The next few weeks pass uneventfully, with both John and Mycroft handling Sherlock with kid gloves; thinking him absolutely devastated by the mess with Irene. It’s laughable really, considering that the only devastating part of the entire ordeal was the realization of just how thoroughly she’d managed to dupe him.
“You don’t-” John pauses, brings his hand from Sherlock’s chest to pinch the bridge of his nose and takes a long, deep breath. “Sherlock, a
When they arrive John tries to balance the scales a little by pointedly settling into the passenger seat of their hired car, but the tiny pleased smile Sherlock shoots him
Mrs. Hudson is clearly in, going by the irritating clamour of vacuous daytime telly blaring out from beneath the door of 221A. He hesitates on the stairs briefly, considering whether to stop in to inform her of his...
“Don’t be absurd,” he scolds John with mock seriousness as he bites into it with ravenous delight, barely managing to contain a moan of pleasure. It's remarkable how much better everything tastes during these brief lulls in his nausea.
“It was all about the
Sherlock opens his mouth to reply, but John’s claps his palm over it.
“How the hell… You smell just like him! I mean, obviously you
“The face is a bit, sort of… bashed up. So it might be a bit difficult, “ Molly, her cheerful Christmas jumper peeking out beneath her lab coat, warns apologetically before she sombrely pulls back the sheet. When she does, he flicks his eyes over the badly damaged face.
He was the worst sort. No better than any of the over-bearing, entitled Alphas he’d spend his whole life detesting.
“You know how they never leave notes? This one did.” The man sighs heavily, despite having made the effort to seek Sherlock out. “Will you come?”
Six months of John learning to live without him, until he’d finally begun to consider the benefits of a bond with Mary Morstan, the sweet omega nurse from his work. One of convenience perhaps, rooted in mutual regard rather than love, but a bond nonetheless.
Could be dangerous.
The blood fairly freezes in John’s veins as his mind absorbs the unexpected revelation. While most physicians are quick to dispense the tincture for any number of maladies, he’s borne witness to the wretched conclusion of it’s abuse in the hellish wards of the military hospital in Spain. Sherlock carries on with his tale nonchalantly, oblivious to John’s growing consternation as he attempts to fish a smouldering silken slipper from the flames— one he himself had tossed in only moments before.
“Would you like to marry me instead? It’s just... Molly seems great, but why not someone you've connected with?” John proposes, a bit breathlessly. He beams up at Sherlock, who stares down at him in utter shock for a moment before laughing and dropping to his own knees as well. He clutches at John’s face kiss him exuberantly, nodding continuously all the while. "So," John pulls back from the kiss to laugh, “is that a yes then?”
As much as he loathes to admit it, it’s always a possibility.
“Fine.”
. He’s never really identified with that side of himself before, but it’s as if those two days of heat unlocked something inside of him, and he’s been stuck trying to wrestle it back ever since; if only to prove to himself that he can.
“Good?” John finishes for him, finding his own breath shortening with arousal. Sherlock’s head doesn’t nod so much as quiver.
I found I was unable to take the risk that you… you might leave.” He lifts his eyes anxiously to meet John’s shell-shocked gaze.
He finally finds him in 2002; laughing and stomping about with some girl on a ridiculous arcade game that claims to be some kind of dancing revolution. He looks charmingly unassuming with his adorably tousled hair, and simple brown suede jacket over a blue-checked button down. The bright grin on his face falls immediately when he turns and catches sight of Sherlock.
So keeps his face deliberately placid, and gives nothing away, refusing to rise to her bait.
“We'll need to get you into the clinic for scans and a check up,” John casually tacks the announcement onto the tail end of his playful ribbing of Sherlock having been wrong about the sugar. “I'm assuming you haven't had any prenatal care yet,” he adds as he takes a cautious sip of his coffee.
your Alpha, and he hasn’t any right to remain in the room. You’ve only yourselves to blame for your…
solving the mystery of the missing bunny rabbit all at once? Icing on an already irresistible cake. (A metaphor that Mycroft would
A hand ghosts over his hair
“Okay. But when did you know? Did you always know?”
“Mmm,” Sherlock rumbles patting clumsily at the forearm looped around his middle. “Or perhaps it’s you who’s stuck with
“Wait,” John scrunches his face endearingly as something like recollection finally makes it's appearence. “Do you mean when the two of you were making eyes at one another here in the sitting room?”
he would never have tolerated so much as a
“You thought I’d leave so that you’d…” John can’t bring himself to finish the sentence, his throat instinctively closing up at the thought. Sherlock clearly feels the same bone-deep horror; dark eyelashes fluttering down against pale cheeks.
“What I mean to say is that... It will be endlessly interesting to document what traits and behaviours they inherit from you, as opposed to myself. They may even exhibit a mixture of characteristics! And there are further possibilities based upon our input…” he trails off momentarily, his mind caught up in envisioning it for the first time, entirely free from anxiety. Finally unsuppressed or dampened, excitement doesn’t so much creep as
