you want this?" He asks in a soft, controlled voice.
Tony lowered his head and looked down, feeling the bile coming up at the back of his throat. His entire body shivered with conflicted feelings. As if the humiliation hadn't been painful enough already. Obie had to be a witness of it all. Tony dared a quick glance up into the man's eyes but turned his head immediately, as if his gaze was burning him. The tall man walked up to him. Tony had grown up a lot in size but Obie was still taller, broader and much more impressive than Tony would ever be. He put a strong hand on his shoulder and Tony flinched a little before melting into the warmth of it. Obie had always tempered the conflictual relationship Tony and his father had. He had always been there to coddle him afterwards, to tend to his wounds, physical or otherwise. This hadn't changed. Obie gave him a comforting fatherly smile. "Don't be mad at your father, Tony." He muttered with a deep sugary voice, one that both ignited and repulsed him. "He just wants the best for you."
"If you want him, ask him out!"
Worthy of a life..." His last words were whispered almost inaudibly. "Like I wasn't a mistake." Steve's heart sank in his chest and he tightened his embrace, nuzzling against him. "I used to break in there, you know?" Steve knew. Had happened more often than not. His boyfriend had always had a peculiar notion of boundaries... "When you weren't there. When you—Even when you didn't want anything to do with me anymore...."
"You think I can sleep?" Steve asked, trying to ignore Tony's ambiguous question. After all, Steve still had his apartment.
Tony straightened up on his seat and stared at him with wide-opened eyes. "Why?"
That was a lie.
Steve straightened up and rolled his eyes. "Okay, stop!" He said while swirling his boyfriend around with a strong grip on his hips and pushed him towards the lounging area. He shoved him onto the huge couch that lay in the middle of the room while Tony giggled in surprise.
He leans against Clint, not really looking at him properly. "Hey..." He starts with an ill-intentioned grin. "Do you still have your secret stash?"
Tony inched backward and stared at Steve, unconvinced.
By the time his second drink was finished, he had found what he needed, took two right away and was finally ready to get down to it. The high was great, his mind was finally numb and his body was burning so he headed for the backrooms, hoping he would find pleasure on his way there. He was well into it now, already staggering. A good sign. He could start implementing his plan of action. Tony was thinking nineteen, at least. Nineteen was a nice number to start with. A prime number. Also the age he was when he first met Steve. Well, on second thought, he should be more ambitious. Twenty-three was a very nice number too. Also a prime one.
Steve still had his arms curled around his neck and pressed himself against him. "Why did you stop?" He whined. "I was this close... Keep fucking me!!!" He ordered in a nasty tone.
Bucky and Sam both chuckled and Steve would definitely not want to know how Clint reacted.
Steve startled and looked at his boyfriend disappointedly. He was breathing hard and his shoulders and chest heaved heavily. Steve had to face the facts, Tony was out of breath. One must be realistic, fantasies were rarely practicable in real life. Tony slowly caught his breath and brushed gentle fingers on his cheek. "I'm sorry." He mumbled while kissing him and chuckled softly against his lips. "I'll make it up to you, I promise."
"What needs? I was just fine on my own making my fucking coffee, is he for real?"
Obie finally let go of him and Tony stared at him in despair. He wasn't feeling well, not at all, and for a moment he thought Obie was cruel to leave him like this. He needed more. Then he pushed this ludicrous idea out of his head. Obie wasn't the one he needed, Steve was. Steve was the one he
Tony yelled, his tone as cruel as his words. Steve felt each of them slaying his skin. "I hope you choke on it!" Tony added, voice shivering.
Tony managed to sit up somehow and threw his arms around Steve's neck, needing the contact at all cost. He buried his face into his neck, seeking the warmth and comfort of his boyfriend's smell. "Thank you..." He whispered, with what was left of his voice  "You're my hero..."
"Yeah..." Tony admitted while hugging Steve's waist. "Have lunch with me."
Tony Stark had just defended him.
Neither Clint nor him had the time to answer because at the exact same time, Tony's smile vanished and he stared at him with a pale face. "You and Loki had a thing?" He asked with a faltering voice. Steve felt something heave in his chest. There was something in Tony's eyes and he completely forgot how angry he was in an instant. "You never told me." Tony croaked out.
"How ruthless and intransigent you can be..." He explained. "Sometimes, I feel like I'm dealing with your father."
Everyone was all ears. Steve wondered if they were that curious or if Tony was genuinely talented at captivating his audience. Probably a bit of both he thought. Tony was usually quieter when they met with close friends. He didn't have to be at the center of everyone's attention.
They kept fucking his face alternately, thrusting brutally and relentlessly into his throat, until the pain in his throat became a constant and increasing burn. They pulled his hair, hard, and each time they changed places, Tony was slapped and spat on until his head was spinning and his vision got blurry. As a principle, and because he had been well trained, he swallowed everything that came into his mouth eagerly. The slapping had started soft but the brutality of it escalated as the three men really got into it. Then the kicks started, on his thighs and then on his crotch. The sharp pain sudden and agonizing, followed by the adrenaline rush. It might have felt like pleasure for a second or two but everything got mixed up and confusing in Tony's head, right now. He was too fucked-up and wasted. He had given up control and let the men manhandle him without any resistance at all. He wasn't in any capacity to do anything else, nor did he want to. He wanted them to hit harder. He wanted them to punch his face until he passed out, until his nose broke. He wanted to bleed. He wanted them to kick him in the ribs until he couldn't breathe anymore. He wanted them to break his knees. He wanted to fall asleep and never wake up.
He choked a little at first, because he wasn't expecting it, especially since Obie hadn't come yet, but then he caught up with it and swallowed obediently, without leaving a drop of it. Obie's hand was caressing his hair kindly. "Yeah, baby." He husked out while brushing gentle fingers behind his ear. "Keep swallowing. Swallow it all." The act was so humiliating and so intimate at the same time, he let out a moan while doing it and realized he was rock hard. But when he was done, he hated himself a little bit for it. Not that it was the first time he was doing it. Neither with Obie, nor with other men. It had never been as gentle however, and Tony felt a little unsettled. He wondered if that also was one of Obie's twisted ways to subdue and control him. If it was then, it worked, because Tony almost whined with the lack of warmth in his mouth when it was over and sucked in a shuddering breath as he swallowed the last drop. Obie rewarded him with a spurt of warm cum on his lips as he jerked himself off. Tony licked it off and hated himself again, disgusted with himself. Now that Obie was satisfied he felt the distance between them grow.
"You were still an irritating brat." Bucky justified.
Tony jerked his head up and stared into his eyes provocatively. He grinned. "Why don't you put me down on my knees and find out?" Something depraved flickered in the man's eyes and he smiled evilly.
what may happen if I do that..."
him. The way an alpha should always care for their omega. And Bucky can't keep his eyes away from them. When it's finally over, Steve properly submits and stares up intensely into the alpha's eyes, still on his knees, hands behind his back. "Yes, Alpha." He croaks out, voice broken after the wrecking of his throat, meaning it with every ounce of him.
His heartbeat suddenly accelerated. He didn't want to go to the hospital. He couldn't go to the hospital. What would they do to him there? "I'm fine." He protested. Because he was, relatively. His body was, at least. He was still alive he meant, and walking, barely.
"You're the only one I've been doing this with." He said more seriously. "I've never hated it with you."
He didn't recognize him.
hear the second blow though. A loud thump, followed by an angry cry of pain. Johann's voice.
Tony laughed and threw his head back, eyes playfully glittering in the dark. "We're being really bad friends, though." Tony added afterwards, smile huge and undying on his face. He was playing with Steve's hands. "Tonight was about Natasha and we hijacked her evening."
Steve shrugged. "Not a big deal.
Tony tightens his embrace around him and lets out a long sigh of relief. "I won't." He promises. And Tony holds on his promises.
"No!" Steve blurted out, a little panicky. The prospect of pushing Tony out his life felt suddenly so real and unbearable.
Tony's expression softened and a gentle hand surreptitiously slid around Steve's neck. It was hot and soft, though the fingers were a little rough. He smiled tenderly. "You look confused." He whispered, hoarsely.
Well, well, well...
"Aren't you supposed to have your vernissage tomorrow?" Tony asked timidly.
Tony collapses over him when it's over and Steve wraps his arms around him, to keep him close for a little longer. He loved it, and can't wait to do it again.
The guy startled and stopped touching Tony. He looked hurt and disappointed.
Steve spooned him and kissed his back and shoulders. "You're the best thing that ever happened to me," he whispered to his ear while humming contentedly against the warm skin of his back.
Tony wavered on his feet, as if he was losing balance, and Steve held him firmly grounded, snuggling against him.
Steve sniffled, realizing his life would completely change when he presented as omega and felt suddenly very very depressed. He took his bag and started walking away from his friends.
"What's your name, kid?" He slurred in his ear while his hand pressed harder, sending spikes of electricity down his spine. He pressed until Tony's eyesight became blurred and dotted. Tony gasped again and parted his lips. He almost moaned with the sudden rush of adrenaline and dopamine to his head. As powerful as a high.
Tony gently lies him down on the mattress. Steve can't feel his tears but he sees them on his face, through Tony's eyes. And then Tony bites Bucky and when he sinks his teeth in the other omega's flesh Steve can feel every step of it, all the way. He can even taste the blood on his tongue.
Just a random chapter that has nothing to do with the three of them...
They were soon joined by another overbearing alpha, snickering behind them, so full of shit. Another strong grip on his second shoulder. Being short sucked.
this for you..."
Tony cringed. "Yeah, you did." He said with a nod, smiling a little. "You kinda did. Not that I'm complaining, though. Guy's so decent, I couldn't even compete..."
"Well, I guess the world hasn't changed that much after all. Omegas still aren't allowed to come by themselves. This is bullshit." Steve could hear the slight anger flaring in his voice. It was unexpected, but touching.
He was so handsome, Steve thought. A surge of profound feelings of love flushed through him, overwhelming. How much he loved that man, it was almost painful at times. He should stop intellectualizing things, he knew that, but couldn't stop himself. He wondered why, after all those years, he still loved him like the early days, still desired him like a horny teenager. His heart still beat crazily whenever their eyes met.
Right. No, of
"That you won't break me." He answered truthfully, eyes intent. "That I think I know what I like and what I don't. I do like the sex we have and I like—I like how balanced things are between us but... we could explore a little if you wanted to."
"Does that mean it's also a no for the blowjob?" Tony asked, smile teasing.
"Because it's your art, it's your whole life."
Steve had taken his filthy clothes away and put some clean ones on a small stool while he showered, so he dried off, put them on and caught a glimpse of his bruises in the mirror. His neck was purple already. He had a few discreet ones on his face too, his lip was cut. He thought he deserved more, whoever did that to him had been too lenient.
His gaze was intense on Steve and he felt suddenly very hot. Heart racing and beating hard in his chest. He felt petrified under the stare. Tony smiled at him, something quite hard to read. His look was both melancholic and hopeful with a tint of amusement hidden behind his flashy grin. He just chuckled silently and went back to work for about five minutes.
Steve startled and his pencil flew across the table and landed noisily on the hard floor. He gasped in surprise and his eyes traveled around the classroom, from Tony Stark's neck to Mr Fury's glaring stare.
Yeah, sure. It's not like Tony didn't know about that. He was just thinking that... they had options. He looks at Clint silently, maybe a little questioningly.
Steve's hand was clammy in his own and Tony squeezed it protectively. From this moment on, he takes the lead and shows Steve the basics before leading him to the small dancing space next to their table. Steve feels awkward and clumsy at first. He trembles a little, nervous and unsure but Tony holds him firmly against him and swirls him around skillfully until he completely relaxes in his arm. Tony can feel his heart settle and the soothing appeased omega scent envelop him like a protective blanket. They're alone in the world. alone in their nest and Tony has never been so happy before.
Bucky shivers behind him. He doesn't answer at first and then he lets out a feeble, hesitant whisper. "Don't pretend you don't know Tony would never accept that I got off my suppressants if
"I think I need my reward, now." Tony said expectantly, sounding overly excited.
"Yeah," Natasha agreed. "Even that Stephen guy was serious about you..." She added. "Although we all agree you're much much better off with him far away and out of your life for good."
Steve cupped his jaw and brush his thumb on his cheek. "Let me catch my breath, baby," he rasped, "and then I'll return the favor."
He wouldn't call this spying. After all, if Steve didn't want him to listen he wouldn't take his phone calls in his workshop while he's there, working. He does wonder though, if Steve realizes how much Tony pays attention to that kind of details.
"Very alright." Steve muttered in the crook of Tony's neck as he hugged him, unintentionally grinding against him. He felt the urge to push him down on his bed and mount him. His desire, an urgent and excruciating pain in his pant. "But..."
He has two amazing omegas and he failed them, both of them.
Steve felt his blood suddenly rush to his cheeks. They were suddenly very hot. He averted his eyes, feeling slightly ashamed. There was absolutely no reproach in the tone of Tony's voice however. He was just stating a fact, and maybe that was the worst of it all. Like Tony had accepted and resigned a long time ago.
Pepper didn't sigh. She remained silent and Tony heard her swallow into the phone before she spoke again. "Well I'm sorry to tell you that..." She said with a hoarse sympathetic voice. "But you brought this upon yourself, Tony."
The alpha shrugged as unnecessary apologies flowed out of his mouth before Steve could react. "I'm so sorry, Steve. I just.. After last night, I really needed to talk to you, to...to explain but I chickened out while in front of your house and—"
Tony cocks his head in bewilderment, speechless. He blinks.
The flashes blinded them as soon as they got out of the limo. Tony held his hand firmly. He could always count on his boyfriend's overconfidence and self-control in those situations. Steve just let him take the reins and gladly followed his lead. They posed for the paparazzi and Tony flashed his sexiest smile while holding Steve in a tight and protective embrace. He hoped his own smile wouldn't look too strained. He felt a slightly perverted pleasure however, at seeing how his boyfriend looked a little disheveled like they just had hot angry sex in the car. It was both embarrassing and extremely arousing.
One thrust and he spilt everything in his boyfriend's ass. His vision whited out.
Tony sighed and breathed erratically for a short moment. "Say..." he started, voice a little insecure but still determined. "If there was someone else—someone other than your alpha I mean—who kinda liked you and didn't care that you presented or not..." His voice hesitated and then he turned back to Steve, plunging his dark eyes into his, staring intently in them. "Would you give them a chance?"
"—I do."
"You know I think, maybe, I'd like to try to bottom anyway." Steve admitted, fingers entangled with Tony's.
He made a bee-line to his locker, ignoring everything around him, and quickly turned the key to open his locker, making sure he avoided any eye-contact with new boy.
Tony listens, heart beating fast. The conversation has turned really awkward really quickly and he didn't get the time to adjust. "He's in love with you." He whispers softly after a pause.
"I don't get fucked." Tony finally said.
The voice was warm and comforting. He raised his eyes slowly as the overhanging form seemed to be imitating him and crouched down on the floor. It all happened in slow motion and like drawn to each other, they eyes met. Tony Stark's intense dark eyes plunged into his, filled with warmth and worry. He gave him a soft sympathetic smile. Steve's heart stopped. He had never been so close before.
"Pull yourself together now, son. You're the new face of Stark Industry. You need to keep your head up. Be a good son and make your father proud, uh?"
"And yet it seems your couple is only getting stronger? What's the next step? Are you gonna get marr—"
Steve's heart broke a little at Tony's crestfallen face but he didn't get the time to acknowledge his feelings because Tony made an abrupt turn and slammed the door to his face, leaving Steve and his anxieties completely taken aback.
Steve returned the embrace and held his boyfriend tightly against him, until he felt his own heart settling down to a normal pace. He stared up into his eyes, questioningly. "Doing what?" He asked worriedly.
"I think I fell in love with Steve the very first day I met him." Tony added.
Steve blushes again and chuckles embarrassedly. "It's also a dance club." He says. "I do expect you to teach me how to dance at some point." He explains. "I've been promised that back in the forties and never got the chance in the end. I've kind of hoped you would do it instead."
Well... Now that they're all at it again... Not at all.
Steve hadn't really thought about it when he prepared for school that morning. He hadn't thought about it at all. That was just another school day. A normal school day. Never would he have predicted everyone would react so strongly. People suddenly knew who he was and what he was, the first days were pretty intense and the smell especially aggressive, and he wasn't sure he was ready for such a change in status. He wasn't ready to affirm himself that way. He was fine being omega after after all.
Right now, standing in the entrance of his Penthouse, only wearing his underwear. His omega is submitting to him, so beautifully he wants to cry. He can smell his slick and he's so hard he'd fuck into anything if he gave in to his clamant, indomitable urges.
Very much right now.
Clint chuckled, teasing. "Loverboy again?"
to top? The idea sent a jolt of electricity down his spine and warmth pooled in his stomach.
If you really intend to do this, you might probably want to skim through chapter 22 again beforehand....
series—one of the creepiest too, bordering on stalker. He dedicated his entire life to decrypt Steve's artwork in every detail and published his discoveries on his Youtube channel.
Tony tensed against the railing and looked away. He took the pack of cigarette that was in the pocket of his hoodie, flicked one to his mouth, the lighter in his other hand, and lit it. Steve wondered if it was an attempt at a distraction, a blatant show of indifference, or if he genuinely needed to calm his nerves.
He went down with the coffee, his sketch book and bunch of art supplies. He had some in Tony's workshop already, where he had, more or less, set up his own space, but he always feared to lack something so every time he went to Tony's workshop to draw, his stock of art supplies expanded. Not that Tony cared, Steve was never short of anything in Tower, which wasn't the case at home, he suspected JARVIS might have something to do with it. Tony had said something about it once or twice.
He opens an eye and turns his head on the right, looking for the origin of the amazing smell that pervades in the room. The smell of happiness. On his right, resting on his shoulder, he can see a tuft of blond hair. Steve is purring against him, his features relaxed and blissed. Someone stirs and hums against his left shoulder, and nuzzles into his neck. The chestnut hair tickles him. James is purring on his left side. His smile is blissed and satisfied. Tony has never seen him smile like that before. He falls back into a deep slumber. He will need more sleep to overcome this overwhelming feeling of happiness he feels inside.
They do.
"Buck doesn't want to adopt. He's scared I think... He wants a kid of his own. And I'm not sure how I feel about surrogacy... I mean it bothers me a little, ethically speaking."
He followed his boyfriend like a puppy. Tony was convinced he was born for this exact purpose anyway, following Steve like a puppy. He would follow him to the end of the world, if needed to. He would cut off his own dick if Steve wanted him to. He would slit his own throat if Steve asked him to.
And oh god how beautiful his smile was. Steve was mesmerized. His breathing hitched again and he felt his cheeks heat. He didn't know what to do or say. He usually wasn't one to be at a loss for words but it seemed he always lost composure when Tony Stark was around. He felt incredibly lame.
Steve was still leaning against the shelves, out of breath, lungs hurting, back hurting. He was desperately trying to steady his breathing. Tony was out of breath too and horny and he kept nuzzling against, showing no intention to move from his kneeling position.
"Are you gonna take me home, now?" He asked pleadingly, on the verge of crying, although he was dried up of all his tears. All he wanted now was for Obie to fuck him again, but gently this time, and in a bed. Just like they used to when Tony was younger, when Tony thought Obie was making love to him and that he would always be there for him, to protect him. He wanted to be cuddle in those big arms again. He wanted Obie's warmth to help him ease the angst churning his stomach, to soothe the excruciating agony in his chest. He wanted to forget... About everything. Forget about Obie's twisted games. Forget about his dad. Forget about Steve...
Tony interrupted him with a hot and languorous kiss Steve lost himself into. The heat pooled in his stomach again and he was rock-hard against Tony's thighs. "Is this alright?" He whispered, voice so flirty and sensual, breath brushing Steve's skin. Hot and tickling.
Steve sat up in a jerk. "What?" He exclaimed. "No! What are you saying?"
"I know..." Tony choked out in a broken voice. "I knew then. Don't think I wouldn't have done everything to come between the two of you, if I really meant to..."
"Does she know that?" Steve asked amusedly. He felt somehow very relieved to have almost handled this very awkward moment between them.
"This is not the 1940s anymore Steve, of course it's allowed."
It's weird but Tony does know, although he doesn't understand. His own heart feels dried up. He doesn't think he will ever be able to care fo a kid, for someone other than Steve, period.
The problem was that journalists started to get intrigued by his theories and made research and one of them had published a very detailed article that compared Steve's personal life with the different plots in his series with disturbingly accurate concordance. On obvious things as much as on very subtle details.
Clint smiled. "I think I was already in love after the third time though." He said bluntly, probably to ease the atmosphere which had become suddenly heavy. It worked.
They walk in warm silence, holding hands and Steve's heart flutter in his chest.
Tony hasn't touched a cigarette once since he smashed his pack in his hand up on that roof though. A small victory.
"Steve..." Tony alpha sighs with so much tenderness it makes Steve's heart clench. "You
Right. Tony Stark wasn't fixated on a particular gender, he had forgotten. The twinge was still there.
your outlet."
He started laughing, a bit despite himself. It was probably nervous. "You aren't seriously thinking that I'm ever gonna move in here, are you?"
"Look at your hand." He says while giving a nod in the direction of Tony's right hand. Then he rolls his eyes affectionately and goes back to his breakfast with  a soft, happy smile on his lips.
Tony looked away, like a shamefaced child. He felt uneasy in Obie's presence. He felt small and helpless.
"I don't go to other people's places." He said.
Sam glanced at him and laughed. Then he ruffled his hand in his blond hair, an appreciative smile on his lips.
Tony's smile faded. He pinched his lips, head tilted on the side. "We knew it would be like this with both our jobs. I've just been really busy. I wish I weren't but... this is how things are. The rest is up to us now, I guess."
Steve managed to talk them out of it thankfully and Tony watched them leave with a surge of relief. What the fuck was he doing with them anyway? He had no rational answer to that question... He did regret, though, mildly, not taking the time to ask for dark-haired guy's number when they were gone. Just in case... But only for a second or two because Steve was there... And Steve was his life. The light in the darkness. His guardian angel.
Tony startled. Was he? He just shrugged. It wouldn't be the first time.
Tony hummed and vibrated as he swallowed him down to the hilt. Steve heard, with delight, the guttural sound Tony made as he swallowed. The head of his cock had passed his throat and he pushed further, staying there. Tony shuddered and his grip on Steve's hips loosened before he finally pulled away, caressing Steve's shaft with his lips and his tongue. He stared up at Steve. His eyes were hazy and grateful and a single, discreet tear was dripping down his cheek.
Tony averted his eyes and looked down embarrassedly. "Happy dropped me off a couple of hours ago."
His mum makes a weird face when she sees the both of them drinking coffee and eating pancakes and scrambled eggs but she doesn't comment. Instead she silently give a soft kiss on Steve's forehead and ruffles Tony's head. Then her hand slides down on his cheek and she congratulates him for being admitted to MIT, because she hasn't had the chance to yet and she looks at him with pride which seems to unsettle Tony greatly, but he accepts the gesture with gratitude, eyes a little wet. "Thanks Ma'am."
Here comes a happier conclusion. I hope you enjoyed it. Thanks for reading!
Steve was stretched open and his boyfriend's cock slid in too easily until he was buried to the hilt. Steve let out a long shivering moan and tightened his grip around Tony. Tony grabbed his waist to settle them in the best position and started pounding into him slow and hard and deep, gripping his waist firmly and kissing him, just like Steve had asked. It was so fucking good and hot and exhilarating and Steve was barely conscious. It didn't take long for Tony to bring him to the edge. He fucked him hard and relentlessly, breathing heavily into Steve's mouth until Steve couldn't take it anymore and buried his face into the hot and sweaty tense muscles of Tony's neck, whimpering helplessly. His boyfriend's body was trembling into his embrace and he groaned and gasped in pleasure and Steve was so fucking close.
Tony startles. "Kids were never an option." He blurts out. "Do you seriously think Steve would want kids?"
Tony smiled victoriously.
"Did you pass out?" She asked in the same professional, disinterested tone. He should have kept his mouth shut. He didn't even remember. He thought he did, maybe more than once, but he didn't think it was wise to say it. He nodded anyway, feeling the scrutinizing stare pressing him for answers. She had a mean way to push him into a corner, Tony felt he had to.
Tony jerked his head up and stared into her eyes, they were gentle and concerned. He felt a tremor in his jaw. "My name's not Gregory." He croaked out and immediately regretted it. Why would he say something like this?
Steve pouted in slight disappointment but after the wreck they had just avoided, it just didn't feel that important anymore. He snuggled against Tony, grabbing everything he could so he wouldn't escape. "I love you, Tony." He whispered. "Please, don't give up on me."
What's the point in struggling? We can't change our nature and my nature needs to submit to you and your nature needs to care for your omegas. That's who we are, Tony. Why keep fighting? Why stay miserable apart when we could be happy together? Life already sucks enough for us to add some extra self-inflicted pain."
If dying wasn't scaring him much, losing his brain abilities, on the other hand... It was everything Tony cherished about himself. He shivered at thought. "You might not care about losing your own life," the doctor said bluntly, "but if you do it that way, someone's gonna have to pay for it. I hope you realize that, Gregory."
Sometimes Tony shifted positions and Steve could catch a glimpse of his profile. The glint of an eye. A pout on round lips, often glistening wet. A focused frown. A straight nose that he often touched with the tip of his thumb. Steve had noticed, but only because that was the kind of things he did. Noticing, he meant.
In the Emergency Room, Tony let Steve handle things for him. He was absolutely incapable to formulate anything himself anyway. He still couldn't see straight, his head was spinning, could barely stand straight. He was completely out of it. Usually getting high was much more fun than that... Usually he didn't think that much. Now he'd rather sleep it off. It was such a relief when Steve came back to wait with him. He buried his head into his neck and snuggled against him, trying to forget the pain in his throat. He let the warmth of him wrap him in a protective embrace and was soon lulled into sleep, finally relaxing in Steve's presence, basking in the heady smell of him.
"I don't know..." Steve mumbled after a while. "I don't even know who I am."
"Why all those questions?" Steve asked a little more aggressively he had planned.
"I'm so sorry, Steve." Tony mumbled embarrassingly, avoiding Steve's stare. "I don't know what took over me, I'm really sorry."
He absolutely needed to clear out this misunderstanding quickly and get the fuck out of here asap.
As the minutes went by Steve's gaze wandered up his arm and his shoulder. He stared at his back, not as muscular as a quarterback's but decently muscular for a teenager his age. Besides, he didn't seem to be the type, not like Steve knew anything. Just a feeling. Again. Anthony E. Stark—Steve already liked the sound of the name in his mouth—didn't look like a jock at all. Maybe that was a thing they had in common. Maybe that was the reason behind this weird connection he seemed to have been feeling since the boy's arrival.
Since the alpha seems a bit lost, the omega takes things in hand. He appears in front of Steve lithely, feline and seductive. Hands on the his hips, Bucky trails the tip of his nose along Steve's shoulder, nuzzling into his neck, scenting him. It's electrifying, unnerving. It drives him crazy.
Steve paused and reflected upon it. What was so wrong about it? Truth was, Steve didn't even remember anymore.
Clint didn't let the awkwardness between them linger and patted his shoulder. "Happy?" He asked.
Steve's eyes flicker alive and he laughs, sound so gentle and beautiful. Bucky collapses and falls out of consciousness.
Sam pinched his lips knowingly. He had known probably, just needed confirmation. "Again?"
She growls again and tears off his shirt. Then, she leans against him and bends her head over to his ear. "Can I knot you?" She asks in a desperate whisper.
that he shouldn't call Steve whenever he fucked up. Steve had no business cleaning up his own mess. No-one did. He
"Oh, these go as well..." Steve deadpanned. Tony jerked his head up and turned another pair of confused eyes to him. Steve just shrugged. "I've already taken care of it with Pepper. She's gonna put them for auction. For the Maria Stark Foundation..."
Clint smiled and then his eyes turned hazy, a glimpse of lewdness in them. He licked his lip. "But you still trashed me afterwards, anyway."
It didn't have the heavy, impersonal and showing-off atmosphere that Steve had felt in Tony's other places of living. The penthouse resembled its owner and every facets he had. And maybe... maybe him too.
Steve was drunk, and he was a bitter drunk at that, seeing him like this broke Tony’s heart. He watched his boyfriend trying pathetically, and failing, to swallow his beer to the last drop like an alcoholic and then staggering to the fridge when he finally realized it was empty, to grab another.
They were soft and gentle and intent on him, burning like fires, so hot Steve felt naked under the stare. A soft, encouraging smile curled his beautiful lips discreetly. Steve was mesmerized. He opened and closed his mouth like a fish. Not sure what he was trying to do. Did he want to answer Fury's question? Or Tony's smile? He did neither and remained perfectly silent, a goofy expression on his face. Eyes locked with Tony's, hypnotized.
Steve walked to him slowly, reaching a comforting hand to his shoulder. Meaning to, at least, because Tony caught his wrist before he could touch him and pulled on his arm. Steve stumbled and swiveled on his feet with the movement, Tony pushed him against the desk. Steve's rear bumped into it and jostled everything that was on it. He had no idea what was happening to him except that Tony's hand was holding the back of his head, a firm and manly grip on the nape of his neck, his other hand was pinning Steve's on the desk. This time the kiss was desperate and brutal, warming Steve's body in all the right places. He wished he was stronger and he wished he could have prevented this but the only thing he was capable of was shamelessly moan into his boyfriend's mouth, body shivering against the immovable bulk of him, reacting too strongly to the carnal desire that transpired from him.
Sam stretched on his seat, putting a nonchalant arm around Natasha's shoulder and she relished in the casual gesture. "Well, for once," he started, "I can genuinely say that I second your boyfriend, Steve."
stopped laughing, his uneasy smile faded... because he didn't like the way Steve was seeing him right now. He hated himself through Steve's eyes right now. He felt wrong and dirty—as dirty as he had felt the first time Obie laid his pervy filthy hands on him—in his eyes, like his whole existence was a mistake, like
A surge of love and affection swelled in Steve's heart. "I'm sorry..."
Tony jerked his head in his direction with a look of surprise. He unconsciously squeezed Steve's hand tighter. "Yeah, he's a proper asshole." He replied, glancing away. Slightly nervous.
"I thought we agreed." Steve tried, voice faltering and heart pounding in his chest. "That we were gonna buy something together."
"I...I'm fine." He stammered, unable to breathe.
"Wilson." Tony blurted, tone overly unconcerned. "The alpha you're into?"
Tony stared at him with worried eyes. "Are you alright?" Steve nodded quickly, blushing embarrassedly. He felt so inexperienced next to Tony's easy self-confidence. "We don't have to rush things, you know? We don't
"What if what?" Steve interrupted, endeared by his boyfriend's insecurities.
. He felt a pang in his chest and parted his lips in silence, caught off guard.
"Visit my good friend Nick Fury." Tony replied nonchalantly, without looking at Steve. "Let's see how much an afternoon with Steve Rogers is worth." Steve felt the blood leave his face in an instant. His heart started racing. "I'll buy the company if I have to." He wasn't really going to see Fury in that state, was he?
"What would you say to the fans who believe your entire work is based on your private life and mainly your relationship issues with Tony Stark?"
. He craves for it, as much as Bucky does and Steve wants to see that, to
"Which is more than half-an-hour from both our work places. I'm tired of commuting from there and besides, it's too small for both of us. What's wrong with here? You've got everything you need. It's better situated, more spacious and I..."
Tony's flashy smile with a glimpse of sheepishness had always been his best protection. It would protect Steve too, apparently.
Steve comes back down again and looks at him, maybe to say something, but he kisses him again instead. And they kiss and kiss and kiss again until they're both breathless. Tony had been horny for quite a while anyway.
This is the last thing I want..."
But fuck, it's taking too fucking long.
"Senator," Tony said while holding his drink toward the obnoxious-looking man, "this is my partner, Steve Rogers." He said proudly, showing Steve off. "Steve is an artist. Outstandingly talented."
The man looked down at him and spread an ugly smile on his face. "So I heard." He said with an unpleasantly hypocritical voice.
"Yeah baby that's so fucking good." Steve slurred. "You feel so good. You're so good to me."
His heart raced, the anxiety muted him. He had never felt so distant from him. It was such a relief when Steve put his hands on him again to suggest they go home, finally.
"I hate dances." Steve explained. "And I can't go, anyway."
"I thought you were an alpha. Ever since I laid my eyes on you, I've wanted to
"Why did you let me stay if you thought I was messing you around?" He finally asked after a long and cuddly moment of silence.
Tony shrugged, seemingly unconcerned. He sounded more interested in gossiping than in whatever was non-happening in Steve's love life.
He paused, silencing his internal freaking out for a moment. He would, probably.
"My hands are tied, boy. I have to make this company thrive, and between you and your father's shenanigans, I've got a lot to handle. Now, make it a little easier for me, okay?" He gave Tony a warm and gentle kiss on the lips that almost felt like Tony was loved. Tony gasped and parted his lips when the kiss was over, asking for more. "Be nice to Howard."
Sometimes Steve secretly doodled raw sketches of the short instants he caught a glimpse of Tony's face. Sometimes he imagined the lead of his pencil touching the subtle lines of his features. Sometimes he imagined his own fingers running through Tony's hair in place of his. It must be so soft. It
But he was just like everyone else, like his father, like Obie, like every fucking guy Tony got the hots for. He got his kicks out of hurting Tony. Except Steve was crying when he hurt him.
and yet I couldn't read him, at all. Like... I've always been proud of my observant skills. I usually
Steve burst out laughing and shook his head at his boyfriend. "Rumlow?" He exclaimed, disbelievingly. "Are you fucking serious? That guy hated my guts from day one."
never crossed my mind once."
Clint shook his head. "Best hate sex of my entire life, babe. I still feel shivers when I think about how hard you pounded me against that stall."
The man had his mouth on his neck, alternatively biting him and licking the wounds he had made. Tony's mind drifted away. He wanted to be somewhere else.
Number one finally came onto his tongue. The guy brushed his hand down his cheek and looked at him with a disappointed look when Tony pushed him away. He wasn't gonna get all cuddly with Tony, was he?
Steve didn't really fancy Stark. He wanted to
Tony gulped it down in one go. It took the bad taste away, indeed. At least the physically present one that lingered on his tongue. Not the other one that kept bothering him at the back of his throat. The liquid burnt his throat and made his head spin a little. Obie was bad news. Tony really shouldn't drink that much alcohol, especially pure, especially after all he had drunk at dinner, especially not in his state. He didn't care one bit though, neither did Obie.
Tony chuckled softly and wrapped his arms around. "I'm sorry..." He said softly. "I really didn't mean to do that but I can't seem to get my words through you otherwise." He smiled at Steve, brushing a hand to his face. "I love you." He finally whispered. So softly a sound Steve thought he had dreamt it. "We really need to stop doing this, though." He added.
Steve comes back with breakfast for himself and for him. Just as every morning he will throw a bowl of organic muesli mixed up with yogurt and fresh fruits in front of Tony and will scowl at him. Tony will pretend he doesn't want it and pout and say he only needs coffee and food is overrated anyway. Steve will cross his arms and stubbornly frown at him until Tony eats the first spoon. Sometimes, he makes his you-need-a-healthier-diet speech, sometimes he just sighs annoyedly.
Steve kissed the top of his head, pressing smiling lips against his soft hair. "When you stop trying to randomly throw me out every time we have a spat."
Tony was absolutely devastated when Steve broke up with him the first time. How would he survive the second time?
"Well, the two of you have been a real pain in our asses though," Bucky commented, "it was time you figured this shit out. My ears still bleed in memory of all that pining and complaining on Steve's part..."
"You stink, Tony." Steve blurted with a tinge of reproach, his characteristic frown darkening his face. Tony probably did. He wanted to laugh but he wasn't sure his face conveyed the feeling. His head was spinning. He stared at the night sky again, slumped all over the ground, limp in Steve's hands, and felt happy. Steve's hands were so warm. He hadn't realized how cold he had been until the warmth of Steve's hands brought back life into him. He hadn't realized how much he had wanted Steve's hands on him, how blissful it was... to have Steve's hands on him, finally.
Another scorching sucked-in breath and Steve took his inhaler again. Another whiff of medicine and his head started spinning. Forget about college, he was gonna spend the rest of his life in a fucking hospital at this pace. His good mood ebbed away quickly, all his hopes flying out the window.
Unknotted bonded omegas are a plague. Their constant arousal is spreading like wildfire, driving everyone insane.  Not that either of them are really bonded, which actually makes things worse. Their scents spike, programmed to lure the Alpha and make them mark them.
Tony looked at him with gentle eyes and smiled at him. "Yeah." He answered. "A good night overall. Beyond our expectations by far."
He walked through the crowd with an insecure pace, ignoring everyone around him. He ducked and made a beeline for his locker. So annoying. The students' curious stares were penetrating and he felt naked. He accelerated, trying to hide the annoying blush he felt creeping up his neck, probably already coloring his cheeks. Being alpha didn't prevent him from being shy and easily embarrassed unfortunately.
Tony felt nauseous.
Tony wishes he could do the same but he doesn't think Steve would like that. He keeps his distance instead, cradling his beer in his hand, and doesn't even dare look at his boyfriend in the eye.
Tony felt the rage shake himself to the core. The one he was too fucking scared to let out. He narrowed his eyes and glared at his boyfriend, trying to control himself. Steve wanted answers but he couldn't handle the truth so Tony told him what he wanted to hear. That was something he had had the opportunity to practice for a long long time. Tony could lie through his teeth unashamedly. He knew exactly what to say to stab right where it hurt.
"Yesterday, I guess." Steve answered nonchalantly. He was everything but however.
what Bucky wants and even though his fingers are thicker now than they used to be, the omega can take it.
Tony closes his eyes and reclines his head as he enjoys it, cupping the omega's face so gently in his hand. He lets out an indecent moan. "Steve..." He groans and then he straightens up his head, staring right down into his eyes. Steve looks up at him and their eyes lock beautifully into each other's. It's glorious. Bucky wishes he could save this picture in his memory for the rest of his life. He can feel his bonding gland pulsate and burn in need at the purity of this moment.
Tony shivered, already regretting the warmth of the man's body, he was still shaken. He stared a little defiantly at the man. He had understood the message perfectly well, thank you.
"Stop freaking out, baby." He said with a soft, soothing voice. "Nothing happened." He declared and he meant it with all his intent. "Nothing happened because you were never like that. You've never forced me or anyone else. Even drunk off your face. Even doped. You've never been like that."
Steve startled, wondering for a short moment what his boyfriend was talking about, before he saw the light. "You still going on about that?" He asked while raising an uninterested eyebrow and finished his glass too, because he needed the courage.
Why would Tony Stark want to go to a dance with
omegas,
He wished Steve's words weren't so biting though. His boyfriend was particularly mean right now, probably because he had been grudgy for quite some time already. This went way deeper than just missing the party. Steve had reasonable reasons to be mad at Tony. What could he say? He had no excuse for his behavior, no acceptable explanation for trashing his face or fucking that girl. Only that Tony fucked up. He was selfish and he fucked up. But don't ask him why, he couldn't tell himself.
"That's alright." Tony said from behind. "Maria just gave me one. She's pretty nice. I can feel a connection already. I'm sure we'll be best friends by the time I come here again."  Steve rolled his eyes and shook his head, even without watching him he could tell Tony was purposely riling him up. "I haven't seen your office though..." He added sensually, voice a little less confident, a little more manipulative.
Steve mumbled as a protest.
The alpha is dozing off. He's gonna need a few days to recover from this but it's alright because he's here and Bucky's here too. Bucky has a hand on his stomach and Steve can feel it, the sudden, poignant need to see his daughter to hold her in his arms. Before he had idea, a vague idea, hints here and there but now he can
His boyfriend's falsely affectionate pet names and his honeyed voice made Steve feel sick but he bore with it. The conversation dragged and Steve was bored to death, in addition to his repelled feelings toward the man. But every time he tried to disentangle himself from Tony's hold, the latter tightened his embrace and brought him close, hiding an inconspicuous shiver. So Steve stayed. He asserted his possessiveness over Tony and glared at the man every time he tried to come closer. Tony only let him go when the man was at a reasonable distance and disentangled from him with a relieved sigh.
Steve salivated while he watched his mum fuss in on the kitchen counter.
There was something sad that flashed through her eyes, long enough for Tony to feel bad about it. He hated that. He hated that look in other people's eyes. The one that seem to imply he was some sort of victim. This was why he hated hospitals. He didn't need that kind of sympathy, even less that kind of concern. Tony was no victim. He was a slut, he was trash, he was a cum dump, a piss whore, a human toilet, a filthy cunt, a deviant perv, an asshole, a liar, a cheat, everything you wanted... but he was
Steve looked at him confusedly, apologetically, wondering what was it he said that was so offensive for, for all he knew, it was meant as a compliment more than anything. Tony averted his eyes and his hands on Steve were cold and shaking and he let them slide down his hips before letting go of him. Steve wanted to brush his hand around his neck, cup his jaw and caress his cheek with his thumb. He wanted to touch him, he
Steve ignored him again. "Do what you want!" He muttered in a cold indifference. He didn't mean to look at his boyfriend but he just mechanically raised his eyes at some point, only to see the silent disappointment on his face. He didn't dwell on it.
"—will quit smoking from now on."
"Mr Rogers, you once said in an interview that Iron Man was one of the most complex character you ever created. What do you think about the theories that say you based our favorite antihero on you current boyfriend, aka Tony Stark?"
Clint smiled at him embarrassedly and squeezed his hand again.
They stared into each other's eyes quietly, neither of them moved an inch. Steve felt the distance unbearable and craved for his boyfriend's touch, even a slight brush,
The ride back to the Tower was eerily quiet. Tony was uncharacteristically silent but the tension that Steve had felt between them during the outward journey was gone. They were holding hands, never letting go of each other, and Tony's expression looked so innocent while he stared at the city outside the window that Steve couldn't help staring at him with goofy affectionate eyes. It was appeasing.
"I'll let you touch mine, if you want." Clint said, half-jokingly.
Tony looked up and hated himself because his eyes were probably pleading right now, and his jaw was trembling, but he couldn't help himself. "I can't." He whispered, words almost stuck in his throat.
Tony has overdone it and bought absolutely everything they need and more to give Steve a good time. He's been gentle and patient and perfect. Steve really has a good time, even though the feelings and sensations are foreign and unexpected. Not at all what he has imagined. Not even close to what Tony seemed to feel. But amazing all the same.
"Can't? Or
Steve mechanically looked at his watch and realized it was way to early for Tony to have left the party. He frowned at him. "Were you following me?"
Steve sighed and fondled the idea for a moment.
"Having heats is a hindrance when you're
Not really.
"How do you feel about that, Mr Stark?"
"That's not funny, guys." He whined. "We barely touched hands and I almost got wet. This is a
Tony's guardian angel who unsettlingly looked like Steve was possibly arguing with three men now. They sounded angry. He was a little out of it. He got slapped again. And then he heard his name.
Bucky hasn't come down yet. It means his plan has worked.
hurt more than one can bear.
"You're beta." Steve snapped. "Big deal."
Tony exhaled the smoke with a hint of a mischievous smile, his eyes shone playfully. "I've missed you too." He said after a pregnant pause.
That thing Steve had felt all evening but was unable to put a finger on. That thing that had loomed over them, unsaid, putrefying,
It's not the first time Tony sees Clint and Bucky's bedroom. He's been there plenty of times before but only for a few minutes. Just enough to put his stuff down. He's never taken the time to actually look at it.
"I'm done." He exclaimed a short moment later. "Did you need help with your maths homework?"
"Oh. Come on, Stevie." Bucky teased. "We're trying to help, here."
Steve smothered his laugh in confusion. "Where does this come from?"
Tony wished Obie would have, at least, used his spit as lubricant. He didn't. He didn't prepare him either. He didn't even hold his dick to make sure he was aiming right. He just gave a brutal thrust, trying to sink into him. Tony was too tight though, unable to open up for him, Obie barely dipped the tip. The man knew though, that he was the only who had ever fucked Tony in the ass, that he remembered of anyway, and excluding the ones Obie himself had given Tony to, obviously. Therefore, he should know that it had been a while for him, they didn't do it as often as they used to. Only when he had to make a point, like tonight apparently.
He hated that guy. Had he mentioned it, already?
"Yes." He whispered, unconvinced.
Steve wants to taste it, the translucent bead prickling out of Bucky's slit. He sticks his tongue out and presses it mellowly on the head of Bucky's cock. The omega moans, biting his lips. The alpha's musky scent spikes up the air, making both omegas shiver. Steve tastes Bucky on the tip of his tongue before swallowing him down into his throat in one go. The omega instinctively thrusts up and ravages his throat the way Steve loves it. He feels warm all over, his slick starts dripping out of him again, trickling down his balls.
Spending your heat with your alpha is amazing, spending it when you're bonded is absolutely spectacular and mind-blowing but Steve has so few conscious thoughts at the moment to grasp the entirety of that fact.
He thought he came back for another round of drinks, he wasn't sure though. But he took another dose at some point. Maybe two. His head was spinning too much. He stared beatifically at the ceilings and let the lights blind him for a moment. His time perception was kind of crooked. He could barely notice his surroundings anymore. Hands were touching him. He felt great, lightheaded, in bliss. He thought he did anyway. Maybe he was smiling, he wasn't sure. He couldn't feel his face anymore. He was pretty messed up by now, plastered and completely high. He was finally ready to go to the backrooms. He needed to go, because he suddenly felt his skin prickle, like something creepy and unpleasant was crawling underneath his skin. It sounded like he was dangerously sliding down the path to bad-tripping and really needed to do something about it. He needed to fuck the awkward feeling out of his system.
Something unclenches in Tony's heart and his hand shivers.
Steve almost choked on his spit and dropped the pen he was nibbling at. He raised his eyes to him, mouth hanging open, and stared questioningly into his eyes.
For you Torres. Thanks for your undying support, as always. This all for you! (Well, 90% of it is, at least...) ;-) I hope you like it!
He thought again about the painting his boyfriend had offered him for his birthday. A portrait of him flying, insouciant,
"Aren't you gonna go with Potts?"
Tony paused at the entrance, feeling nostalgic, then came in to draw all the curtains open and looked at the view outside, pensive. "So what now?" He asked softly, hands resting on the small of his back.
"You should have never let him go..." His boyfriend concluded with a tinge of pain and regrets in his voice.
After all this time it felt terrifying.
Tony burst out laughing and discarded the book he was reading into one of the boxes. Steve went back to his side of the room and finished his part efficiently. When he was done, Tony wasn't even half way through with emptying the bookshelves. He was reading again. Steve felt his limbs shake as he started losing his temper.
She goes straight to the training room to relieve some pent-up frustration. And stops right there, at the entrance. Paralyzed. She wasn't the only one who needed to relieve some frustration apparently. The stench is strong and violates her noise. Sweet and warm and cosy, spicy and aroused, untamed and frustrated. Enchanting and riling up. It reeks of lascivious omega everywhere. Steve and James are sparring, rolling around each other on the mat, rousing each other up.
His mum ruffled his head again and slid her hand down his cheeks, cupping his jaw and brushing his skin with her thumb. "Stevie, honey. These kind of things you need to figure out on your own."
"Yes." He finally said, meaning it with all his intent.
The point is, not a size problem. Maybe it's a
Steve looks at the bag, puzzled but curious, and up at his boyfriend again who looks proud and embarrassed at the same time. He takes the bag carefully into his hands and stares into Tony's eyes, intentionally questioning. "What is it?"
And then he felt a warm presence next to him. He heard a smile. He felt a gaze, intense on him. He turned his head on the side and his eyes met Tony's. "Hey."
"Who cares about that asshole anyway?" He spat through gritted teeth.
"Same difference." Steve replied bluntly. "You haven't told me you hooked up with Nat either. You see, there's a lot of things we've been keeping from each other apparently."
The alpha parts his lips and looks bewildered.
Steve shrugged and got back to his task. "Well, it doesn't surprise me that much actually... I kinda get what you mean."
She did and she smiled when she saw him at the table. He walked to him, skirting around the table, and ruffled his hair softly. Steve curled his arms around her waist and sighed.
"Everyone likes flowers."
"But this is exactly what I'm saying..." Tony continued. "We're addicted to each other. It's not healthy."
The assembly cheered. Tony looked at them impishly and shrugged off a shiver. "I've always dreamt to say that."
That's is the kind of alpha Tony is. One that takes advantage of a lost and disoriented omega. One that takes advantage of someone who doesn't have any rights. Someone weakened and That's the kind of person he is. A despicable human being.  A scum. He hates himself.
He had never thought that this little detail would affect his boyfriend that much. His heart fluttered with happiness. Maybe it was a big deal after all...
"I'm not talking about your knot, Tony." Steve continues. "That's not the alpha I want. I'm
Remembering the word made him shiver.
When Steve watches the two of them knotted, he can't help but think that this is the most beautiful thing he's ever seen in his entire life. His alpha, buried knot-deep, inside his omega, locked together in bliss. Scent mingling, skin sparkling with sweat. Tears running down the omega's cheeks. Tony's eyes feral on the edges but soft and tender with the omega that he loves with all his heart.
Clint bites back a grin. "Oh, I see... You're worried
Bucky takes off his clothes slowly, feeling the warmth overwhelm him so delicately, gentle waves licking his feet and fingers, fire growing inside him, mellow and powerful.
(See the end of the chapter for
He felt Tony's chest rumble and shake with relieved laughter.
He didn't have the time to voice it out however, because Bucky's head jerked toward him and he threw him a furious glare, before glaring at his husband and then back at him. "You did
Tony quickly got them drinks and led them to the dance floor. They rocked the party like they owned it. Both of them killers at dancing, they really made the show. Tony had Natasha swirl around him and held her delicately against him while she snarled protectively at every person who got a little bit too close. Steve felt his hackles raise and a shiver of rage ran down his spine. He was suddenly overwhelmed with the vital urge to remove her claws from him and gritted his teeth in order to calm the tremor in his hands.
"Did they give you treatment?"
"Well... " Sam concluded. "I think we have a pattern, here."
Steve felt his heart skip in his chest. "No, no, no. He's not... and it's more like, the other way around?"
Steve felt his heart clench. All the emotion he felt tonight and tried to repress in front of everyone suddenly creeping back tenfold. He looked down, guiltily. How could he ever truly believe something like this? It just didn't make any sense. "You said you fell in love at first sight..." Steve said as a justification.
Steve feels warm inside his heart, filled with a weird sense of gratitude.
He simply can't anyway. He can't because every time he does, the ugly truth is screaming at Tony's face. All the truth. The depth of their viciousness.
Steve dropped his bag loudly on the floor, took the seat that had been noticeably prepared for him and sighed, head between his hands, at the prospect of spending another excruciatingly frustrating three-hour revising session with Tony Stark. Alone. In his house. With that view, on their garden.
Steve shrugged. "I don't know... Isn't it weird? I mean, is it even allowed?"
Everything's perfect in here.
Tony parts his lips, eyes flaring open at the feeling of the omega's strength-enhanced hand on his throat, holding him as tightly as it is tender. He keeps rocking his hips forward instinctively, seeking release in Steve's womb.
He'd rather not. He's fine not knowing. He knows what Steve thinks but he can take responsibility for his own choices. He shakes his head and stands up. He suddenly has the urge to see his boyfriend. It's all very confusing and his right hand is still shaky. There's something missing.
Tony stirred out of his daze and ducked his head to look at Steve questioningly. "What first time?"
Tony's omega scent of arousal was spreading everywhere in Steve's room, strong and heady. His grip on Steve's hips was firm and needy. The light in his eyes was hazy and desperate.
Steve's heart raced and a shiver ran through his body. He tightened his embrace, as if Tony was his anchor to the world. He felt his knees wobble and Tony's scent didn't make things better. Steve was feeling dizzy. "How come?"
Fuck no, he
The atmosphere inside was a little oppressive, to Steve at least. It wasn't really different from school actually. The same buildings. The same people.  The same uninteresting conversations. The same stupid teenage behavior. Not really his scene. Fortunately Sam and Bucky were there and as soon as Steve had scanned the room he was handed a non-alcoholic drink and dragged on one corner where his friends had settled down.
The world around him was spinning a little. He shivered, he didn't know if it was because of the fresh breeze on his wet, disheveled shirt or something else, and he looked down. Dark-haired guy grabbed his jaw to make him look up again and shoved his tongue into his mouth, brutally pushing him against the wall. They shared a hot and filthy kiss that tasted like pure vodka. Tony melted into it but it felt too nice.
"You know I can't do that." He said, averting his eyes. His voice sounding raspy with shame and bitter disappointment.
Tony started panting and arched his back, pushing his ass up to meet Steve's thrusts, seeking release. Steve chuckled. "I thought you didn't like shoving rigid plastic things up your ass." He rasped much more hoarsely he would have thought. He was starting to get hard again while Tony's perfect body undulated sensually under him, at his mercy.
"Oh, I know what you're gonna ask and the answer is
"Anyone could see us..." Tony answered pragmatically, not paying attention to Steve's seductiveness, or pretending to anyway. "You sure that's what you want?"
me when you do."
"Cool. I'm Grant."
They're just out of bed when Steve's mum comes back from the hospital. They're having a late brunch.
Steve wrapped himself around him into a tender hug, forgetting about his urges for a moment. Only his omega mattered and he wanted to protect him, even though he couldn't.
So he did it.
His entire body started shaking uncontrollably, alternately freezing and burning. He had no strength left and lay there, paralyzed. He felt suddenly very distressed, invaded by an overwhelming anxiety. His chest constricted and he couldn't breathe properly. He started hyperventilating, breathing heavily and erratically. There was a painful lump growing expandingly in his chest and up into his throat, choking him. He wanted to cry, and to scream, but he had no tears and no voice. He was only silently choking on the putrid air of the bathroom, wheezing and shuddering all over, the pain he felt in his entire body excruciating.
"There's only a few of months left before graduation." Tony whispered. "I really wanna make the most of it. I don't wanna bother with anything else."
"Okay." She noted something else on her medical form.
Tony laughed. "Good, you still have a good four years, then..."
Steve frowned at him, the answer so very obvious to him, but Tony didn't seem to get it. "I... I can feel it."
been double-fucked before?" He asked, referring to their earlier conversation.
"Didn't?" He asks falsely innocent. "Well, good, because that would be outlandish... and fantastic. I'm just not the hero type." He mumbled Clearly. "With this... laundry list, of character defects, all the mistakes I've made, largely public."
"I'm fine with my right hand thanks, besides, I've had plenty of sex lately. Remember? Four days of an orgy. Really, I'm sated. And if wasn't... it's not like it's any of your business anyway."
Tony swirled around in a fury and glared at him. "You know what, Steve?
"Steve likes you in the horrendous rags you dare call clothes and wear all the time when you tinker. He'll probably like in you anything you wear, Tony."
Nothing had changed. It looked exactly like it had been when Steve left it some months ago. Everything was in its place, where Steve had put it, even though someone had been cleaning the place regularly. It felt weird to come back here. It was his place but it didn't feel home. Not anymore.
Steve unwillingly forced himself out of sleep and rubbed his eyes to stare at his boyfriend questioningly. "What are you talking about?"
Suddenly, Steve remembered all those things Tony had said or done that seemed to appear in a completely different light, now. "You were talking about us, weren't you?"
His mum was delighted. Steve's first high-school dance ever. It was time, she had said while making sure Steve's outfit reflected the importance of the event. Steve hid his annoyance, if it made his mum happy then he would gladly indulge her. She was so rarely happy these days. Steve looked a bit stiff in his tuxedo but he admitted it was classy and looked good on him.
"You haven't even eaten your lunch yet."
He kept running and running until he felt his lungs burning and his feet hurt with those fucking dress shoes that were not made for running at all. And he started to lack air and his head started spinning but he kept running and suddenly, the voices were gone.
"No idea." Bucky shrugged before taking a gulp of his energy drink.
Sam's hand shied away and they both pretended this moment had never happened. The alpha still put a protective hand on his Steve's shoulder while ushering him inside however and no-one at the entrance gave them a second look. Maybe that was the perks of "dating" the quarterback.
"So why didn't you, then?"
"I still want you." The omega blurts out as Tony is pondering tasting the banana split, or not.
The remark had stung a little though and hurt Steve's man pride. Also it hinted at something he didn't want to acknowledge. He didn't like that. He brought his hand on Tony's wrist and made a disagreeing noise as he shook his head. "You're not touching yourself," he said dominantly, surprising even himself at the tone. "You're gonna come on my cock or not at all."
"How cute!" Clint scoffed.
Obviously Steve's reluctance until now had had little to do with the place after all. Tony was still determined, hopeful, and a little insecure maybe, but determined and confident that this—them living together—would work out fine.
Tony was looking at him, waiting for a sign, expression hopeful. Steve was incapable of giving him one. "So we didn't make it through another year after all..." His boyfriend finally said, looking away, hurt so very visible on his face this time.
Steve straightened up, grounding himself. He didn't look at the painting at first. Even though it had been quite a long time since the last time he had seen it, he still remembered in detail what it looked like, and what it felt like to look at it. In hindsight, he could admit it was good, from an artistic point of view, he was proud of it. He had been inspired when painting it and he both loved it and hated it at the same time. It represented everything Steve hated about Tony, about them, and most of all, about himself, but it also represented all the things he loved. It had been such a complex and violent and dark and agonizing moment in their lives, in their relationship. A moment which had called into question everything. A death and a rebirth. Darkness and light. The destruction and reconstruction. A turning point. He really didn't know what to think of all this, the fact that millions of people were now going to be able to witness this most private moment, no later than the next day. He'd rather not think about it. These people were going to dig into the depth of his soul and stare at his most precious and most intimate feelings. He suddenly felt naked and exposed and something twinged inside of him, something that churned and twisted his stomach. He finally gave the painting a curious glance, it still felt overwhelming. It brought back too many excruciating memories, so he looked at his boyfriend instead. Tony was frozen, lips parted and so many emotions flashing across his dark eyes, unreadable.
Tony chuckles while clutching his empty glass. Maybe his hand trembled a little. "I don't do that..." he replies while shaking his head, "anymore." At least, it hasn't happened for quite a while now.
Tony had a weird look in his eyes for a split second and then he contradicted Steve. "No, we didn't." He said with a half-amused half-bitter smile. "We actually met at the diner." He said looking at their audience and then his eyes focused back on Steve. "I know you weirdly seem to keep forgetting about it but I do remember every detail of that day, you know."
Well, he would go anyway, pretend nothing had happened, flash his best innocent smile and force his way in, just like he had always done until now. After all, Tony's forwardness and persistence had proved themselves to be rather efficient so far. He stared at his phone again. He really needed to work now. He'd like to take break and have a smoke though... This was so boring, why did dear old dad insist on him working here? He was already learning all the ropes with Obie. His place was in R&D. Not here, getting bored, his potential rotting away. He didn't have the shoulders to carry this company high anyway. He had no wish to either.
"Mr Stark is currently in his private workshop, Sir."
For a moment, Steve pictured himself going home while—metaphorically—slamming the door back on Tony's face and on his romantic dinner. And then he realized Tony would expect him to do
Right...
"Don't even laugh about it!" Tony whined as he kicked off his shoes and collapsed on the huge bed while letting out another long exhausted sigh. "I'm slowly but surely slipping into the dark side. A few months and I'll have reached my expiration date."
The guy strode toward them keeping eye contact with Tony. Tony's eyes were too unfocused to do the same however. He closed them at some point and opened them wide when he felt the guy's hand clutch his neck and press his head against the wall. He gasped and his dick twitched, making the guy who was sucking him off moan. The guy chuckled, face very close to Tony's. He was dark-haired, in his late thirties probably. His smile was a little too dangerous.
Very few omegas were open about it. She was and she claimed it. Would Steve be able to do the same if he was?
"What do you want to me say, Steve? That I wanted it?" Tony was looking straight at him, heart racing in his chest. "Yeah." He said. "I did. That I liked it?" He kept going, his eyes intent on Steve. "Maybe I did." He whispered, forcing the words out of his mouth.
"How is monogamy working for you guys?"
Steve feels guilty. Even though he feels somehow spiteful, he didn't mean to hurt the omega and he knows it was unfair to say that and uncalled for but he can't take it back now.
They greeted everyone. Steve hugged Bucky in a brotherly embrace. Tony and Clint kissed on the mouth, just a small peck on the lips, but Steve was painfully reminded of how close they had become, bonding over their respective shitty boyfriends. He hated the way Clint's hand lingered on his hip so casually and so intimately at the same time. It still stung, what had happened between them all those years ago. Steve had forgiven but not forgotten. And once again, when Tony smiled admiringly at Thor, Steve felt a surge of unwanted feelings creeping up inside. Bruce's girlfriend Betty was probably the only person in that room with whom Tony hadn't been indecent or promiscuous. Water had run under the bridge since then, Tony had changed a lot, grown up but it still bothered Steve somehow. Maybe he was the one who needed to grow up now.
Steve grabbed him by the shoulder and shook him gently. "Come on Tony, get up." His voice was so soft... "Let's go home." He looked sad. He sounded sad too... Tony wondered if that was his fault. He decided it was and hated himself.
"Dinner tonight. 7pm. Private investors. We're going to negotiate a potential new contract with them. Make me proud.  "
Steve startled. He could still feel the warmth of his breath on his mouth, the softness of his lips against his, his scent so strong and heady permeating the car. His heart was ready to explode in his chest. His entire body shivered. What had just happened?
"Right... What should I go for? Red roses is definitely too much, right?"
Steve was crying again.
Tony slumps down on the bed and kicks off his boots. He hauls himself up on the bed, making sure he doesn't spill beer on it, so that he can slouch down on the cushions while Clint is tiptoeing on a tool, searching for something hidden on the top shelves of the huge storage unit on the walls surrounding their bed.
He looked at his phone, no sign from Steve obviously, and put it back in his pocket before walking out of the men's room. He noticed Obie had put the Do Not Enter - Cleaning In Process sign on the door and realized that being interrupted had been the last thing on his mind then. He pushed his hands down the pockets of his dress pants and tried not to limp as he set up to walk back to the table.
"Yes."
It sends sparks of electricity when the alpha spurts his seeds deep inside of him and knots him. Steve comes again, he's drained out. Exhausted. Not an ounce of energy left inside of him, super-soldier or not. And yet he keeps feeling warmth pooling at the pit of his stomach, invade him, spreading heat in all his limbs, desire runs through him and hits him relentlessly.
"You're sure you don't wanna come?" Tony asked excitedly on the phone.
Tony followed them inside. He gave her the bottle with a certain hesitancy that was very uncharacteristic. "Here," he said softly, "for you—I mean
Steve whines, barely able to breathe like this. It hurts and tears starts flowing down his cheeks. Except those are tears of joy and gratitude... So Steve likes it, alright. Good to know... Bucky wants to cry at the beauty of this.
Tony raised his head from his revisions and stared questioningly into Steve's eyes, a lovely pout formed on his lips. He shrugged. "My parents are away for the weekend. I thought it would be more comfortable and we can hang out afterwards. I've got lots of cool things to show you."
It happens despite himself. He bursts out laughing.
Take care of his omegas.
"I don't wanna get pregnant, Buck."
Steve didn't move. He felt another pang in his chest and was lost for words. He bit his lips again and stepped closer. "Why don't you talk to me, Tony?"
"You know what I mean, moron!" Steve chuckles, still feeling disturbed by the whole idea however. "I don't wanna procreate. I'm not that kind of omega. And you
you my
Shit.
By the time Sunday afternoon comes, they're both exhausted but happy and fulfilled and they have grown up a little, he thinks.
and yet he shivers every time and tilts his head a little, wishing Steve's plush lips would go further down and kiss him in the neck. He loves being kissed there. He loves when Steve does it. Sometimes he does, he puts a hand on his shoulder and makes the morning greeting embrace linger. Sometimes he just leaves a small instinctive peck on Tony's jaw and moves over to kitchen, leaving Tony thirsty and longing.
"Watch where you're going, next time, idiot!"
The disconcerted look on Tony's face was almost funny to see. He was probably even more shocked than Steve was by this unexpected discovery. "
What would the others think now? And why had no-one told him how painful it was? Why does no-one ever talk about this? And how was he gonna do this?
"Put everything into the boxes and put blue stickers on them."
He hears Steve make a startled noise and pause and guesses he's probably looking at him right now. He can feel the warmth of his gaze on his shoulders and tenses.
Sam, the asshole, had the nerve to grin even wider. "Man, that was a lot of staring." He chuckled. "I'm telling you, man, something's happened in there."
Steve stared at him and felt a surge of love overwhelming him. He kissed his boyfriend because Tony was so handsome at that very moment. So handsome and strong and vulnerable at the same time. "I should have called you a succubus." He husked out and heard Tony chuckled smugly and he kissed him again, ruffling his head with a tender caress."You know what I'm thinking?" He said on a more serious tone. "I think we should go away for the weekend, take some time off, the two of us. What do you say?"
Tony swallowed and clicked his tongue against his teeth. "Because you were happy." He husked out after a pause. Steve shivered all over. "You had a great, stable, healthy relationship with an amazing boyfriend who was good to you, and caring, and understating, and strong, and grounded. I couldn't take that away from you—I couldn't
Steve finally found the courage and plunged himself in his own assignment. It was still so very warm around them and from time to time Steve felt Tony's bare foot brush against his ankle and warmth pooled in his stomach, making him shiver at the touch. When he raised his head, he would see Tony biting on his pencil or rolling it around his thumb while he rubbed his temple with his other hand, pouting at his paper. His eyes would linger for a little too long on the shape of his lips and ran down his square jaw and his sturdy shoulders.
Anyway, Tony was here and he couldn't really see his face yet but he recognized his charming demeanor and his confident voice. He was dressed casually but smart and very recognizable. Steve felt his heart racing. He was annoyed, he wouldn't lie, but there was also a small part of him that relished in feeling the butterflies flutter in his stomach. He repressed a grin.
"Hi!" Steve answers with the same huskiness in his voice, mirroring his boyfriend's happy smile. He lets his hands run up his neck, following the lines of his stout shoulders, and grabs him with strength.
Steve was a bit unsettled at the beginning. It was all very discreet. It was made of little marks of affection, of loving gazes, of stolen smiles and knowing stares... Bucky constantly kept a worried eye on Tony when he wasn't all focused on his daughter. He talked to him softly with a caring and soothing voice. He always made sure he didn't need anything and made a point to provide for everything Tony wanted. Everything Tony let him provide for, anyway—which wasn't a lot, in fact, but it was still more than what Steve had ever shown Tony.
Tony's eyes flare open and his lips part as well. A whole range of emotion shows on his face but Bucky is much too out of himself to even try to decipher them. The alpha stares at him silently, confusion growing in his eyes. He feels a tremor in his gentle hand, the one that still brushes his neck and the hover over his bonding gland.
"Have you met him before?" Steve asked, falsely disinterested.
"Well, it's still your stuff... It must mean something to you, right?"
"Me neither..." Tony whispered chokingly. "And it's not for lack of trying, believe me." He added, in a lighter, self-deprecating tone.
She knew Tony wouldn't fail her.
His heart skipped. The voice made him feel warm, his imagination suddenly going wild. He gazed up at him without thinking, as if drawn inevitably and stared stupidly at the boy, dazzled by his bright smile.
This is maybe the only he doesn't regret in his fucking life. Being a parent wasn't part of his plan but it's certainly one of the most beautiful thing that happened to him.
Tony stares at Steve again and swallows down the rest of his drink. Steve has now a hand on Loki's knee and the other on Bucky's and smiles at his best friend with his innocent, oblivious face. Tony never thought he would ever hate Steve's obliviousness. It was supposed to be cute. He cringes, puts his empty glass on the counter and keeps gazing at his boyfriend, a little too intensely maybe.
"Mmh mmh." Sam mumbled unconvincingly, expression slightly teasing.
Tony scooted closer to him and let the man curl his arm around him. Obie lifted his junk with a jerk of his hips and pulled out his cock while pushing Tony down slowly. Tony let him without protest, even though that wasn't exactly what he had envisioned when Obie had said he would take care of him. He had imagined something nicer perhaps. What a fool! Who would be nice to
Steve wondered if Tony wanted kids after all but forgot about it instantly. That was certainly not a discussion for now. Steve had never thought about having kids. Somehow, he had erased that idea from his brain, from his possibilities. He didn't want kids now. How would kids fit in his life? Tony barely did.
"Does it bother you that I don't?" Tony asked slightly worriedly.
Steve groans out keening whimper. His hands are shaky and his eyes wide open, already hazy with lust. He swallows and starts walking, trying his best to keep a steady walk while his knees are wobbling. Bucky licks at Tony's dick provocatively, to motivate him a little, eyes staring at him amusedly. The blond omega grabs his alpha's neck possessively and pulls him into a filthy kiss. Tony's hand lands on his strong, pretending shoulder and gives it a little push. Just enough to free himself from the omega's grasp. "Get down on your knees now, omega." He growls, eyes feral and dominant.
Tony feels the need to push him down on his knees, conflicted as to keep admiring how beautiful and proud Steve is for a little while longer or to give in to his urges and submit the untamed omega. He represses the feeling, ignoring the spike of electricity that run through his body and the overwhelming natural excitement he feels at the sight of his omega.
Steve let himself fall on his back and spread his arms and legs on the grass before hiding his face in his hands again. "Of course,
Tony shook his head in despise. "You have a job, you're successful. You could have asked for a loan, just like a normal person, if you didn't wanna come to me."
asking for consent, always paying attention to Steve's pleasure. "Is that okay if we don't use a condom?"
Tony curled his arms around Steve and wrapped himself around him, body hot and sweaty, smelling so delicious. He rested his head against Steve's. "It doesn't change anything, right?"
Steve felt another blush creeping on his face. He stammered, "no, I... He was just trying to be a good date, I guess... You know, 'cause that was my first dance and everything. Not a big deal..."
Bucky's breathing hitched and he gasped, unconsciously parting his lips. "Fine. One kiss. No tongue. And we're done."
"In your dreams, Daddy." Steve joked from the window where he was sitting in front of a canvas on an easel. A gift from Tony. His tone was amused and his eyes were playful. And God he was beautiful with the sunlight reflecting on his blond hair.
"I love you, Steve." He whispers on his lips. "And I'll do anything for you."
The comment had the advantage of making everyone laugh and eased the suddenly tense atmosphere. Steve appreciated having everyone's attention turn away from him. His heart was still beating hard. Millions of thought swirling in his head. He was just trying to bury them deep.
Steve took a deep breath and repressed a growl. Most his friends had joined the dance too and Sam was standing before him, a soft smile on his lips, offering his hand. Steve looked up at him with a dubious expression. What was he doing? Was he really asking him for a dance? What was going through his head right now? Sam's smile slowly disappeared to leave place to misplaced concern or disappointment? Steve wasn't really sure. He just stared at him, stupefied.
Steve stared at him, chest heaving, and realized how much he hoped Tony would. How much he hated that everyone was going to be able to see that painting. How much he regretted selling it and how much he wanted it back.
He finally braced himself and knocked on the door. They were still smiling at each other when the door opened. Natasha rolled her eyes before pulling Steve inside by the collar of his shirt and wrapped him into a hug. She seemed unusually warm and tactile today, Steve would not complain though. She looked happier.
Steve felt immediately guilty.
Tonight they are about to have their fifth time together but this time it will be different, in a way that ignites every cell in Steve's body. He feels a shiver running up and down his spine and a tremor in all his limbs. Tony is solid and grounded and confident in front of him, his warmth and soothing scent enveloping Steve into a reassuring embrace. Steve's knees buckle and he grabs his boyfriend's neck to steady himself. He lets his head fall onto Tony's chest. He's both extremely excited and horribly terrified at the same time but he trusts his boyfriend. Just as much as Tony trusted him then. Tony leads the way up and takes Steve's hand. In Steve's bedroom, once they're both perfectly clean, they undress each other, slowly.
Now, though, he is full-on freaking out.
Tony laughs and for the first time in a long while, it's light and genuine. "Sure. But you do realize this is a very public place, right?"
"And you can leave out the
Steve looked at her with wide-open eyes.
Tony instinctively shielded him, flashing his best smile. The one only Steve knew the edges were strained.
They know each other so well and so little at the same time. They have so much to figure out, and to discover and Steve has learnt how not to rush things with his boyfriend.
Of course they have planned to keep seeing each other when school starts. Boston is not that far away, Tony will be back as often as he can and they will find time to meet, just like they always have until now but...
Tony shrugged. "I don't care."
Steve had had crushes before. A lot of them.
Tony is deeply focused on the blueprints when Steve's phone rings.
Steve let out a bitter laugh. "This is your idea of
They stared into each other's eyes silently for a very short moment, just enough time for Steve to see Tony's crestfallen face grow pale and distraught and his lips shiver. And then he heard a bang and a smashing sound. He didn't how it had happened but Tony's glass was scattered all around him, on the bar and on the floor and he was staring at his trembling hands.
