All of Cas' friends squealed and laughed, Meg pointing at Cas. Suddenly, there was a hat put on his head. He looked behind him and saw Michael standing there.
Sam blushed, walking back towards the school. Dean chuckled kissing the top of Cas' head as he motioned him to get in the car.
"I can't believe that we only have two months left till the pup arrives. I'm excited to see if we're having a boy or girl tomorrow."
The omega grabbed the bag of food, pulling a juicy, burger out of it. "Is it possible to have an orgasm from food?" Cas asked, his mouth full of a bite of the sandwich. "Oh my god, this is so good."
After the last bell rang, the young Novak grabbed his binder and backpack, leaving the classroom to his locker. His phone buzzed in his pocket.
The couple came over at the perfect time when Mary and Ellen just finished putting all the food on the table.
Sensing that her girlfriend was going to bother Cas more about the mystery guy, Gilda grabbed Charlie's hand. "Let's go dance."
"Don't do this, Dean," Cas said, trying to calm Dean down. "You'll get thrown in jail if you hit him. He's only 17."
"If you haven't noticed, I'm pregnant. My body is out of whack. I'm sorry I can't remember things," Cas said sarcastically, moving past Dean.
Cas whined, clenching his hole on air, wanting his boyfriend's alpha cock inside of him. "Dean, please."
The Novak's father, Chuck, walked in holding a large platter with a freshly cooked ham. He placed it on the table, sitting at the other end of it, facing Naomi.
"No, 'but.' We're going to the park," Dean demanded. He looks at Claire and smiles. "You'd like to go to the park, right, Claire-Bear?"
"You're not wearing underwear, are you?" Dean asked, already knowing the answer when his fingers dipped between the omega's cheeks. "And a plug, huh? You're keeping yourself stretched for me to take you at any moment?"
"You should be, sweetheart," the alpha praised. "We can put these right by mine. We'll be the best over achieving couple."
"Well, it's a good thing Cas can make his own decisions," Dean said, smiling and unlocking his door. "Nice talking to you Mike." He gave a wave to Michael before getting in his car.
Dean poured some beer in his glass. "I hope so, dude. I just don't want to freak Cas out too much. He's already scared."
The Winchester started kissing his way up to the omega's face. Cas moaned through the rough kiss, feeling the itching of Dean's beard. Moving his hand towards Dean's crotch, Cas rubbed at the hardness in the alpha's underwear.
Sam rolled his eyes at his brother's obliviousness. "Because I'm sure you haven't had sex in a long time and I saw the way you looked at Cas."
Running his mouth down the length, Cas continued to worship Dean's cock, drawing long, deep moans from the alpha.
And that's what Dean did. He gave Cas' ass a couple of playful slaps as he stood to grab the omega's hips, pulling him against his throbbing member. Dean stroked himself a couple of times before pushing into Cas, watching his cock disappear into his husband.
The omega walked up to Gadreel, hesitating a bit before leaning up and pressing his lips to Gadreel's.
As Dean massaged the round flesh in front of him, he kissed and nipped at Cas' ass before finally lapping at his pink, fluttering, hole.
Cas smiled proudly, feeling good about warming up to his new roommate. He was afraid he would get a frat boy.
"What?" Dean said, confused. "It's not your fault, Cas. I did it because we need to rack in more money. It was my choice."
"Yeah. Sure." Cas laughed. "He was in the army. He could beat you two into pulp with one hand tied behind his back."
"Yeah, I had to lock this beautiful omega down for myself," Dean added, grabbing Cas' ass, glaring at the other alpha.
After they ate dinner and drank the rest of the wine, they walked back to the campus side by side, they're hands brushing.
"Of course, alpha," Cas answered. "I'm just going to hang out with a couple of my friends anyway. You should go have fun."
Naomi gave Dean a dirty look before quickly smiling forcefully. "If this is truly what you want to do, then fine, but we want to see you on Christmas and New Year's."
Zachariah looked skeptical. "Fiancé? And pregnant? You look about my daughter's age. What are you? 20? 21?"
Dean was taken aback from Sam's prejudice. "Hey, what have I told you?" He shot his younger brother a glare. "I don't like that. Omegas are not any less a person than an alpha or beta. Yes, technically, they are lower than us on the ranks, but that doesn't mean anything."
Dean walked over, fresh out of the shower, zipping his fiance's dress, his hands wandering over the omega's body, landing on his round stomach.
Cas' older brothers showed up and waited in the waiting room hoping everything goes well. Not too much later, Dean's parents arrived. All of them were nervous. They pretty much held their breath, waiting to see the newborn.
Cas laughed, almost spitting his wine out. "Okay, you win. That is bad. I don't think my brother would even attempt to do that."
"The hell you aren't. He's 17, Castiel. You don't think he's just gonna dump you now that he got what he wanted?"
Maybe every once in a while, Cas will think of Dean to be more than a friend, but he knows that won't happen. A sweet, confident alpha won't want a normal, plain omega like himself. Why think of Dean as more of a friend?
"Is there something wrong? Are you okay?" Dean questioned, looking at the stressed look on Cas' face.
Everyone was in their seats. There was no more than 20 people. Naomi was able to cut the guest list down as the couple wanted.
"Whatever you want, sweetie," the nurse said smiling. "You look tired. You should get some rest at home."
Cas then kissed Dean roughly. Dean was surprised, but quickly kissed back, dominating it. The omega straddled his boyfriend, running a hand through Dean's hair.
"Hey!" A bouncy redhead stopped at the doorway of her best friend's dorm room. "I didn't even see you arrive. Why didn't you tell me you were here?"
"Oh, look," Cas announced, pulling away from the kiss, pointing towards one of the couches. "Those are my friends."
The omega's mouth was in a silent 'o' as Dean continued to push in, taking in the feeling of being full. The alpha tried his hardest not to come right then and there, feeling the heat of Cas, slowly envelop his throbbing length.
Cas made his way to the kitchen to grab a glass of water. Dean saw that Cas was standing by the kitchen island, so he stood behind the pregnant omega, wrapping his arms around him. The alpha started kissing his boyfriend's neck, rubbing his hands up and down Cas' sides.
Once they got to the hotel, Dean hauled everything up to their room. Cas was the first inside, looking around the big room. Dean got a deal on this chain of hotels from a lady, whose car he fixed, as a tip.
"Forget about age, Dean," Cas argued. "If you're so concerned about age, you shouldn't have started dating an 18 year old."
"So, you were a whore with your legs spread like the omega you are," Dick spat, walking towards the group.
"Did you tell that bastard that you're spoken for?" Dean lowered his voice a little after seeing the fear in Cas' eyes.
Cas relaxed after knowing it was Dean and not that creepy neighbor. "I'm taking a bath," Cas shouted back.
"You know what, Naomi?" Dean started, gritting his teeth. "Cas made his choice. Now, you're allowed not to be okay with it, you're allowed to not like me, but at the end of the day, Cas is happy. He wants to be with me. So, we may not like each other, but we need to be civil when we're around each other because like it or not, we're going to be in each other's lives for a very long time."
Dean smirked, slowly pulling his fingers out. He started positioning himself behind Cas, the head of his cock pushed up against the omega's hole. He slowly started to push in, letting the omega get adjusted to his girth.
"My dad was a pretty upset. He was proud of me. He was always bragging about his all star son." Dean shrugged, still remembering the fight he had with his father. "My mom, on the other hand, was understanding. She knew I loved photography. Like I said, she's the one that bought me that expensive camera. It didn't take long for my dad to come around and accept my decision."
"Nothing happened. I just needed some air. I took a cigarette from one of the waiters outside," Dean answered.
He borrowed some camping equipment from his parents, only having to buy a blow up matress, not wanting his fiancé to sleep on the ground and a portable shower. Cas was glad to hear the camp grounds at least had bathrooms. He didn't want to be called prissy, but there was no way he was going to do his business in the woods.
A growl rumbled out of Dean as he captured Cas' lips in a tender kiss. Cas automatically kissed back, opening his mouth to let Dean in. Dean hovered over the omega, starting to pull down the straps of his lingerie to help him out of it. Dean pulled away quickly, Cas chasing his lips.
After dinner they retired to the couch in the living room to watch some tv. Dean had his arm wrapped around Cas, while the omega cuddled up against Dean.
Cas let out a small giggle, kissing the alpha, finally bouncing slightly on Dean's lap. Dean moaned deeply, grabbing Cas' ass with both hands harshly, squeezing the globes of flesh.
"Don't be naïve, Cassie. You need to keep your guard up. I don't want to see you heartbroken again."
Cas fished his key out when they got to his room. He turned to face the alpha hesitantly. "I had a really nice time."
"You need to get it, Dean. I need to move out of my house. I can't stand being with my controlling siblings," the omega said, on the verge of tears. "Please, Dean."
"Well, I thought it'd be nice to give you a treat for your graduation day. Besides, you don't need to be on a diet. You're perfect the way you are, babe," Dean declared.
The omega rolled his eyes playfully. He watched as the 17 year old alpha tried the game again. Cas saw the determined look on Dean's face. Cas couldn't help but smile fondly at him. No other alpha he's dated for a couple of weeks ever treated Cas as nicely as Dean has in one night.
Dean’s hand clenches into a fist, fingernails rasping against his palm. “She’s happy?” he asks, eyes fixed on the countertop.
Dean uses the moment of distraction to pull the joystick hard to the left, tapping square one last time. His character - a rippling muscled dude in a skintight suit with a yellow loincloth - casts his spear at Mileena, yelling a guttural ‘Get over here!’
From nearly anyone else, it might be a snarky question, but there’s a sincerity in Sam’s tone - a gravity - that gives Dean pause.
When he’d heard through the grapevine that Kevin had finally made it over, Dean had sent Jack a silent, thankful prayer. He’s thought about checking in on the kid, but word has it he’s top dog at the Library - the new and improved Scribe of Heaven. Dean figures that’s about as close to ‘advanced placement’ as the kid is likely to get, this side of the pearly gates.
But if Dean knows Sam at all - and he certainly does - the silence wouldn’t have lasted forever. Kid’s too smart, too curious, too empathetic by half; sooner or later, he would’ve broached the subject - for Dean’s sake, if not his own.
A tiny smile pulls at the corner of Cas’ mouth. His eyes go soft in that way they do when he’s about to say something too frank, too forthright, too—
His fingers hover over a grease-stained corner, illegible text bleeding through. “Jeez,” he breathes out. “Clearly I missed my calling.”
Dean frowns and lowers the phone, staring blankly at the steering wheel. He’s got that feeling again, like he’s a damn open book - though he’s not sure why anyone would bother to read.
Bobby’s right, of course. Dean isn’t here to shoot the shit - if there’s even any shit to be shot. Trouble is, he’s not sure why he’s here.
this. “I was thinking we could just—” he shakes his head in a spasmodic twitch, “—start fresh, right? Just- just forget the past and...”
Kevin moves around the desk and settles himself in his chair, grabbing his pen. He clicks it once, twice, three times, and presses it to the page, jotting something down in quick, spare movements.
“Middle of the night,” John goes on, voice soft and a little distant, “there’s a thunderclap so damn loud it- shook the whole house. Car alarms go off outside, Sammy wakes up just
Dean’s sure he knows what all those words mean individually, but- “Yeah, I got no idea what you’re talkin’ about.”
Dean huffs a brittle laugh and nods down at his hands. That much is certainly true, but- “No tellin’ the jailbait that,” he mutters.
“It’s the spirit of Corinth,” she’d said, matter of fact. “Devastated and destroyed, but rebuilt stronger, better, every time.”
She shrugs and chugs the last inch of her beer in a great swallow. “I guess?” she says, voice thick. “I don’t know.” She belches for a solid three seconds, and Dean turns his lips down, impressed. “Got the feeling it was kinda...” she tips her head side to side, “top secret? Maybe not, like, nuclear football level, but… something.”
Mary reaches her hand out again, and Dean goes tense for a moment. His eyes flit to hers, and he finds them crinkled at the corners. She’s smiling at him as she’d smiled at his little drawing, as she’d smiled when she sat him down, as she’d smiled while he ate his pie. She’s smiling at him now, as she had when he was a boy, as she always has.
Silence reigns for a short moment, during which Dean stares down into his half-empty glass and pretends not to feel Bobby’s eyes on him.
Sam goes silent, and Dean feels a clench in his chest, like an arrhythmia. It’s not like he didn’t see it coming; hunters are all hero complexes, piss and vinegar - easy pickins for the Arch. And lord knows, Sam’s a damned hero if there ever was one. But—
Dean frowns harder. “How’d you know I was—” He bites down on his tongue, swallowing down the stupid question with a snap of his fingers. “Right,” he nods. “Prophet.”
rain here,” Dean says, halting his motion barely a yard away from Cas. “Just…” He blows out a breath and finally -
- since Dean last saw them, and even then, they’d been painted in ash on the wet dirt, misshapen and sparsely feathered. But
Dean’s jaw snaps shut, lips pursing, and... yeah, that tracks. “Right,” Dean murmurs, tipping his head back in a nod.
“This is—” Cas starts, scrubbing an exasperated hand over his face. His voice is low and cracking, thick in his throat. “This is
“Well,” he begins, making a swift volte face toward his desk. “You could do it in some—” another soft chuckle as he climbs the short stairs, “—convoluted
Kevin notes the location, tapping the spot with his finger. A tiny block of text appears next to the cluster, its symbols strange and unfamiliar.
He sees Mary nod in his peripheral vision, and her finger taps on the little scribble near his thumb.
Kevin sighs, and his face softens, mouth forming a flat line. He gives Dean a look - admonishing, with the barest hint of pity. “It
Dean resists an almost overwhelming urge to step forward. “Burden?” he calls out, just as the wind dies down.
Dean had clung to the last vestiges of consciousness, had felt his destiny - Chuck’s shitty Joseph Campbell knockoff - rising to meet him. Sam had called his name, all fear and desperation, and Dean had extended a bruise-knuckled hand to catch—
Dean blows out a humid breath. He’s not much of a Noah, and the only ark that’s ever carried him is standing three feet away - grim-faced and dark-eyed, telling him
Dean rolls onto his side. Even in Heaven, he can barely manage more than a few hours of shuteye a night. Whenever he tries to grab any more, he finds his eyes flicking open of their own accord, tracing over the mildewed brick wall of his bedroom. The grout lines are messy - poorly smoothed and a little crooked - and several of the bricks are out of square, misshapen. Dean’s stared at them so long he can see them behind his eyelids.
John is silent at his side, but it’s flavored with something Dean can’t quite place. Sadness, maybe. Or regret.
John blows out a harsh sigh. He’s silent for a long moment, but for the click in his throat as he swallows. Then he sucks in a short breath and nudges Dean’s shoulder with his own.
“What else do you remember?” she asks, and her voice is mild and curious, lacking the censure Dean expected.
He runs a hand over the back of his neck and tries for nonchalant. “Heeey, Kevin,” he says, wincing at the slight crack in his voice. “How ya doin’, bud?”
He’s holding the little laminated sample menu, eying over it while his fingers drum a beat against the tabletop. He chews his lips, eyes a little wide, and Dean recognizes the expression in an instant: Sam is Up To Something.
He’d caught word from another hunter - Lee maybe, he doesn’t quite remember - that an artifact storeroom in the archaeology building was haunted. There’d been reports of objects moving on their own, cold spots and the smell of smoke, and the soft, distant strains of anguished weeping. Nothing particularly bad (no injuries or deaths, in any case), and the disturbances had only started a couple weeks before - just after an earthquake had shaken the northeast. Dean had figured it’d be a simple salt and burn.
Dean peers around the plaza again, though there’s not a soul (he snorts) in sight. He squares his shoulders and straightens his spine, giving himself a little shake.
argue; it’s one of the vows Cas had pulled from him as they’d stood together in the graffitied barn where they’d met:
An image flits across his mind, and he sucks in a breath: a tiny figurine that sat on the mantel, with fluffy little wings and a crown of white roses.
She looks much the same now. And just as it did back then, her scowl splits in a toothy smile, ruddy cheeks dimpling.
Dean’s hand hangs in the air, callused fingertips reaching toward nothing. Without the lamplight, or the feathered shadows, or the humming, electric presence of an angel - of
Dean had known in that moment that something was different, had felt it in the buzzing electricity of Cas’ presence, the way the little hairs on Dean’s arms had stood up.
Her tiny white hands rise in a shameless shrug. “You can take the girl out of the corporate espionage scheme...”
Dean looks up to find Mary seated across from him. She’s a little younger than when he last saw her, but otherwise she’s just as he remembers - her yellow hair falling in waves over her shoulders, her eyes a soft Carolina blue.
Dean huffs out a chuckle, bitter and resigned. “‘Course he did,” he grunts, pressing his thumbs together.
He’d called Charlie just as he pulled up to the garden. After a brief back-and-forth, she’d given a disgruntled “you owe me one,” and - through some sort of Heaven-magic that he doubts anyone besides Charlie could pull off - the amulet had appeared in his glovebox.
He brings the glass to his mouth and takes a short sip. It stings like battery acid - Bobby’s ‘legendary’ sour mash always does - but it’s a familiar burn, and Dean savors it. He coughs subtly into his shoulder, grunting, “Whatcha been up to?”
The whole thing is a sprawling map. Not the sort he’d seen on his phone, but the sort at the beginning of a fantasy novel, with little hand-drawn forests and ink-flowing rivers. Dean stares for a moment, dumbfounded, his eyes running over the fine details and cross-hatching.
Kevin watches him for a short, taut moment, eyes flicking across Dean’s face. Dean swallows again, shoulders coming up.
She wasn’t wrong. For all Dean played the loyal son - the at-will soldier - he was under no illusions that John was anything other than a deadbeat dad. But there was something more to it - something he didn’t explain to Rhonda as she’d fingered at his bruises, that he
Dean’s eyebrows pop up, and he nearly laughs before wrestling his face into a bland smile. “Oh,” he says, glancing back at Kevin. “Uh. Cool.”
Kevin gives a hum of confirmation and continues his writing. Dean clenches his jaw against the sudden awkwardness; he feels out of place (which he is, it’s a frickin’
There’s a sour note in Sam’s voice, a sort of self-censure that Dean knows all too well. He supposes he’s not the only one whose baggage followed him to Heaven, but he finds he’s not glad for the company.
Charlie snorts indelicately. “Yeah, well, I got gutted in a motel bathtub by a frickin’ Frankenstein. So, I win.”
, Dean nearly says, though he’s sure John remembers. Dean learned young that that was all John kept in his head: sepia-tone memories of lost happiness.
Dean’s mouth closes hard, teeth catching on the tip of his tongue, and his smile falls. Something hot and heavy coils in the pit of his stomach, and his spine curves around it.
Cas, for his part, is staring placidly at Dean, gaze leveled somewhere around Dean’s nose. His eyes shine a deep limpid blue, pink-rimmed with pronounced bags underneath. He looks tired and a little grumpy, hair mussed and trench coat rumpled. His tie is loose, the skinny end dangling free of the keeper loop.
Dean stares blankly at him for a moment, then turns back to the wall. He remembers the verse now, and the bit that follows:
Sam nods, unsurprised and unfazed. “Yeah, me neither,” he intones. His head tips back, hair catching on the splintered wood of the bench, and his eyes scan the endless blue above. “Guess there’s a lot of things I’m not ready for.”
Dean sniffs and presses the heel of his hand into his eye socket. “Thought Wish Magic was dangerous,” he mutters. He thinks of the ancient Babylonian coin that had brought a teddy bear to life - the shining white pearl that had pulled his father from his grave.
She’s silent for a short beat, unfocused eyes downcast. Then she sucks in a short breath and shakes her head, eyes cutting over to Dean’s. “She was a kid,” she says, and gives a soft chuckle. “She’s
Dean adjusts his shoulders, the tension across his back hunching him forward. “A building,” he repeats. The hunter in him is banging around his chest like a Ma’lak box, and the fingers of his right hand twitch for his 1911 - can nearly feel her etched steel and pearl panels. “Abandoned?”
Smooshed up against one wall is a rudimentary drawing of what looks like a fluffy kitten clinging to a tree branch. Underneath, scrawled in plain English:
Dean breathes out a long sigh, and his eyes fall closed. He gets that odd feeling, like something’s swelling behind his breastbone. It spreads like a weed, or a drop of blood in a puddle of water, and the whispering voice takes a breath, as if to speak.
Cas hums again, head craning back to follow the seagull’s steep climb upward. “Closer to twelve, maybe.”
Mileena’s health bar drops to zero, and she sways back and forth. Dean gives Charlie a smirking side-eye.
Dean didn’t know Jo’d joined up, but he supposes he could’ve guessed. Hero complexes, piss and vinegar, after all - the sword Jo’d lived and died by.
Dean’s spine stiffens, and he nods. Right. Some people do more in Heaven than just drive around in circles, listening to the same six cassettes on an endless loop.
Dean had pulled up maybe ten minutes ago. He’d idled a few moments, as always, letting Baby’s rumbling purr soothe the tension across his back. When he was certain his legs would hold him, he’d cut the ignition and hoisted himself up, striding towards the barn with all the gusto of a man walking the plank.
Something hot clenches in Dean’s stomach - an old forgotten shame he hadn’t felt since he’d made Lee climb bare-assed out the motel window just as Sam came through the door.
Kevin sucks in a breath and gestures to his open book, then to the stack of several more at his elbow.
The road had ended in a quaint little cul-de-sac, maybe ten yards from the barn. Dean had parked at the dead end, idling. He’d passed a short while with his hands clenched on the wheel, eyes squinted at the barn doors, arguing with the voices in his head - all of which sounded infinitely more reasonable than he himself.
It’s in his hand a moment later, his thumb hovering over the screen. There are no icons, no home screen, just a blank black surface. Like most things in Heaven, it seems to just... operate as expected - to do whatever it is he wants it to.
Hand fisted, raised, poised before the solid oak door - but Dean doesn’t knock. He should’ve called before he came.
His eyes follow the curves of the bottle, and he runs his tongue over his lips. “We drinkin’ slow or shootin’ like heathens?” he asks, peering up at Ellen.
Charlie’s posture is stiff, her eyes round with manufactured innocence. She was a shit liar when she was alive, and she’s an even shittier one dead.
He’d never said as much (for fear of getting cuffed over the ears), but he’d always thought she was a looker. Sun-weathered and artless - a dust bowl beauty.
“Well,” John goes on. “Somethin’ musta come over him, cuz he—” another soft laugh, “—he threw it all in the trunk, loaded me up in the car, and. Off we went.” John moves in Dean’s peripheral vision - tilting his head, Dean thinks. “Hopped on 35, drove til we hit Evergreen. Set up camp, roasted a few marshmallows for breakfast, then...” he gives a deep sigh, mild and contented. “Fished until the sun went down.”
Dean looks down at his hands, a little wrinkled, knuckles swollen. He hadn’t been thinking about anything, really. Matter of fact, he’d sat down on the old bench, cracked open a beer, and cast his line with the sole intention of thinking about nothing at all. Certainly not the throb in his temples that’s persisted since he made landfall here, or the way his fists clench tight when he’s not looking at them. And definitely not the fact that these forty years under Heaven’s sun feel a lot like the forty he spent in—
Dean snorts a laugh. “Ah.” He vaguely remembers a case he’d worked solo while Sam was at university: a teenage boy had spawned a Tulpa while writing a (surprisingly good) web comic. Dean had interviewed him in his dorm room - all empty Mountain Dew bottles and half-eaten bowls of ramen. Kid looked like he hadn’t seen the sun in years.
Everyone with two eyes had seen the flickering flame between them - always teetering between roaring to life and sputtering out. In the end, he’d kissed her mouth as she lay dying, and watched her burn in salted fire. He’d soldiered on, dry-eyed and numb, and added her name to a bill he couldn’t pay.
Dean had spent his first twelve or so hours on the island coaxing his lungs to take in the briny air, sweating through the pits of his knockoff Tommy Bahama shirt, and subtly trying to smooth his poofy hair. Eventually, he’d given up and just peered out the window, eyes roving over the billowing fog in the valleys between the mountains.
Dean’s face scrunches up in a frown. He wouldn’t have called himself fluent in Latin, even on a good day, but now that he hasn’t read any in forty odd years, he can barely suss out any meaning at all.
John had put his hands over Dean’s on the rod, showing him how to hold the grip, how to wait for the sudden tension of a bite. Dean remembers the afternoon sun glinting on the water.
Castiel sighs, head tipping back like he’s looking to the heavens. Dean wants to laugh at the irony, but there’s something sharp caught in his throat.
Kevin lays the book on the table, rifling through the pages. Dean peeks over his shoulder, but the text is inscrutable, Greek to Dean.
He staggers toward the veranda, pausing to step into a pair of boxers that he’s pretty sure are his, and lumbers barefoot onto the stone tile under the awning.
doors - all of which, he presumes, are marked ‘staff only’. Confirmation comes when he steps fully into the room - not a foyer or a lobby, but a sprawling study, densely packed with overstuffed bookshelves.
,” Cas sighs, and it sounds like a prayer. His chin wobbles, the rims of his eyelids gone pink and shiny. “What. Do you
Sam trails off, and Dean’s hackles rise. He settles his gaze squarely on Sam’s face, jaw pulling tight. “What.”
... I know he’s got a lot to say. He just...” she pauses for a moment, then shrugs her shoulders. “He doesn’t really know how to say it. He knows he—” she cuts herself off with a quick shake of her head. “Well,” her hands raise in a brief shrug. “It’s his truth to tell.”
Sam nods excitedly and turns to his bag. He unzips it, sticking in a freakishly large hand to rummage about, and pulls out a thick book.
Dean breathes out a sigh. There’s a sheen growing in Cas’ eyes, something exhausted and aching, angry and
that Dean keeps forgetting is even on, it runs so damn quiet), the Hawaiian print vacation wardrobe (a wedding gift from
“Ya know what, though?” Dean whispers, and he feels the corner of his mouth pull up in a wry smile. “I think I figured it out.”
again. Sometimes by the cruel will of God or Fate, sometimes at the well-meaning hands of friends and family.
Cas’ head drops like he can’t hold it up anymore, and Dean thinks for a second that he looks like an old Renaissance portrait - all blue-tinted shadows and oil-painted misery.
Dean’s eyes cut to the side, settling on John’s lax, callused hands. John’s voice is airy, a hundred years away when he continues.
Their shadow seems to fill the whole barn, distorting at the corners of the room where their sheer size forces the silhouette to bend. The feathers are pristine, all the peaks and divots at uniform intervals, their tips spanning clear across the side walls.
Cas halts and glances back up at the tree. Dean follows his eyes to the beehive. It hangs near the end, its weight pulling the narrow branch downward. There’s a knot at the place where the branch meets the trunk, with a wide crack running through it.
It’s a little different than the last time he was here. The forest is new - if it could even be called a forest; Dean’s counted twenty-three charred, spindly trees. They provide a sparse canopy, shrouding the old barn in speckled half-light. The facade is mostly unchanged, though the red paint is a little more chipped, the foundation brickwork more weathered than he recalls. And of course, the weather is mild, warm and bright, with none of the storm clouds Sam had mentioned.
Dean halts his stride, one foot dangling uselessly in the air. He doesn’t remember the drive from the hayfield, doesn’t know why he’s here, rather than alone in his dark little bunker, rather than floating in the endless abyss of the Empty. He doesn’t know why the sun beats down on his back, why the eden that surrounds him feels like a wasteland.
“You said your piece,” Dean says, voice carrying on the breeze. “When I wanna hear it again,” he takes a small, deliberate step forward, “I’ll ask.”
weird. Just...” He shrugs and bites his lip. “There was a place, in the distance. Like a, a tiny little forest. Just a few trees and a—” he tips his head to the side, frowning, “a building.”
“Things have changed for you,” Cas murmurs as if Dean hadn’t spoken at all. He sucks his lips into his mouth, chewing on the bottom one, and it’s such a familiar motion, something Dean’s seen him do a million times, and—
Dean nods absently and casts his eyes about the room. The shruggie guy is still shrugging, Yoda’s head still bobbing, Ivy’s white marble eyes staring sightlessly toward the door. Dean’s gaze settles on a painting he hadn’t noticed, tucked into the corner behind a threadbare recliner: an abstract composition of flowing indigo and teal, offset by swathes of pale yellow edged in pink, with a crooked pillar of white rising up the center. Dean’s not much of a one for fine art, but something tells him this is a masterpiece. Ageless and tragic and
Even softened by the balm of her compassion, the words pull at him, stinging like a paper cut. Dean folds his arms on the bar, hunching his shoulders forward. “Jo lost her dad,” he returns, and winces at the sharpness.
“Damn,” he says, voice thick in his throat. He sniffs and blinks back tears around an open-mouth smile. “You know you ain’t gotta liquor me up if you wanna take advantage, right?”
Cas’ jaw twitches, and he turns his face away, eyes hooded in the shadow of his brow. He gives a poorly feigned shrug, muttering flatly, “I don’t know what you mean.”
Sam gives him an opaque look, then turns toward the cookout. Eileen and Jo are dragging a grumbling Ellen toward the water. Mary’s sprawled out on the grass with her feet in John’s lap, laughing up at the sky.
Sam breathes out a short sigh, plucking Dean’s empty bottle from his loose fingers. He glances down at the picnic, then out to the mountain pass. Dean watches him squint at the valley between the peaks and gets the sense that Sam isn’t looking at the mountains at all, but
“Well,” she begins, lofty and facetious. Dean gives a preemptive sigh. “They can’t kill you, can they. They’re angels, not juggalos with rusty barn nails.”
White symbols litter the floor - some he recognizes, some he doesn’t, some he’d painted himself. His eyes catch on a sigil on the wall - a septagram done in dripping black paint. He remembers the feel of the brush in his hand, the drag of the bristles across the dry-rotted wall, the clench of his fingers around the grip as he painted the seven lines, awaiting the arrival of the next Big Bad.
Ellen’s lips turn down, and she grasps the bottle between her palms. She turns it idly for a moment, then reaches into the sink for a shot glass, plopping it down on the counter between them.
Dean arches an eyebrow in a glare. “You’ve got excited puppy face,” he grumbles and ignores Sam’s snort. “What is it.”
Sam blows out a gust of air. “Yeah.” He snorts a dull laugh and shakes his head. “Stupid, really. I was retired, what, twenty years before I...”
“I, uh,” Dean starts and swallows hard. “I went past the mountain. To the—” he runs his tongue over his lip as Bobby squints at him, “—the forest in the field.”
Kevin turns another page and doesn’t look up. “Everything ever written, said, or done by everyone in the universe.”
Sam’s face freezes, eyes darting away in mild embarrassment, and Dean snorts a startled laugh. “You’re shittin’ me.”
She carries on, heedless of Dean’s momentary lapse. “And because you’re,” she huffs a dry laugh, “well,
Ellen’s eyebrows form an oblique line, doubtful and sympathetic. Dean almost laughs; Ellen never took his bullshit before, he’s not sure why he thought she’d start now.
A pit yawns open in Dean’s stomach. He’s found a lot of things in Heaven - some he’d lost, some he’d never had - but
Bobby’s eyes go sharp and slitted, roving over Dean’s face like he’s looking for something. Whatever it is, he finds it, and he rolls his eyes when he does.
Bobby glances up at him, swirling his tumbler as if it were Lagavulin and not gasoline-scented rotgut. “Nah,” he grumbles. “She and her sister went to the City.” He brings the glass to his nose and takes a short sniff. “Sure they’re gettin’ into all sortsa trouble.”
Cas sighs deep, shoulders curling forward. His hands clench and unclench at his sides, face darkening like a storm. “If you don’t like the weather,” he grunts out, bitter and briny, “you can change it.”
He looks down at his chest, where Cas has pressed his wet hand, then peers up into his face. There’s something there - or nearly so; something Dean had only seen once, but briefly, before it was swallowed in darkness - torn away in cruel spite.
Doesn’t matter anyway; Cas is staring down at his book, jaw set and eyes hard. Dean’s barely three feet from him now, but it feels like miles - like
And right in the center, barely twenty feet from where Dean stands, is a wide teak bench - with a dark, tousled head peaking over it.
The grass is wet and gleaming - dew, Dean thinks - and while the sun shines bright overhead, Dean’s comfortable in the shade of the oak tree, away from the crowd.
Dean’s smile goes sharp, and he leans forward on his stool, jutting his chin out to the side in a gamely nod. “Rack ‘em.”
, of all people), the private villa (courtesy of Charlie, though Dean still isn’t sure if she digitally finagled a lease or if she somehow owns the place), and a fifteen page color-coded itinerary - written, printed, and
As he’d approached, the highway had run rougher, the smooth black pavement giving way to dusty gravel. He’d sped along the dirt road a little faster than he rightfully should have, and he’d smoothed his hands over Baby’s steering column, promising her a tuneup when they got home.
The skirt was so short that when Cas twirled, the skirt flew up, showing off about an inch of Cas' ass. All of Dean's blood ran straight down. Especially after noticing that the omega wasn't wearing any panties.
Cas wiped his mouth and faced his teacher. "Um, I guess the school lunch just didn't agree with me."
The waiter walked away. Both omega girls smiled and waved. They decided to come over to sit with Benny and Dean.
"It's not like I had a choice," Cas shrugged. "Besides, like I told Gabriel, Dean is nice. He doesn't seem like your typical college alpha."
Dean looked back Cas, hiding his smirk. "I went straight to the showers from the gym. I didn't bring extra clothes."
Dean felt his knot swelling as Cas tightened around him like a vise. The alpha grabbed the headboard with one hand while the other started stroking Cas' erect cock.
"No, it's not, mom," Cas fumed. "This is ridiculous. Why can't you just be happy for me? Don't you want me to be happy?"
"We can get up early tomorrow and get packing to leave, then we can go eat breakfast at that nice restaurant you wanted to try," Dean tells Cas.
"You're welcome," Dean said, emphasizing with a kiss. "I was so tempted to taste test one of your pies. They smelled so good."
"Come on, monkey," Gabriel said, walking towards his niece. "Let's see if I can twirl you in the air like professional ice skaters."
Claire went with Anna and Charlie to ice skate while Cas waited for Dean. He watched Claire holding hands with her aunts, laughing and having fun. Cas smiled fondly.
"No, it's not that. I want to hang out with you. It's just, I don't know if my brothers will be okay with me going over to your house at night. Especially my brother Gabriel," Cas explained.
"You know why, babe. I need these extra shifts to get more money so we can save up for the pup," Dean explained.
Cas sat on Dean's lap, rolling his hips onto Dean's thick cock. "So, the first one was horrible," the omega said, looking through a few pages of apartments.
Dean quickly pressed the answer button, putting the phone up against his ear. "Hey, Tessa. What's up?"
Mick gave Cas a quick peck on the corner of the mouth. Cas was taken aback, touching his mouth, his face turning a shade of red.
The house was full of nice suits and dresses, all of Naomi's clients and coworkers. Cas didn't get a say in who was invited which pissed Dean off. Cas didn't mind too much. What did bother Cas was Dean's family wasn't going to be invited. He fought with his mom over the phone about it until she finally agreed to invite them. He didn't tell Dean about it, not wanting more ammo for Dean to use against his family.
"I know you wanted to be fucked on the counter, but I hope it's okay we did it on the bed," the alpha chuckled, trying to catch his breath.
Dean looked down at Claire, finding that she fell asleep in the swing. He chuckled, taking her out of the swing and walking back over to the picnic table. Claire woke up enough to wrap her arms around Dean's neck, cuddling into his neck, finding comfort in Dean's scent. He sat down and just rubbed at Claire's back.
"Don't say that," Cas said sternly. "You are the sweetest, most loving person I ever have the privilege of having their pup." The omega kissed Dean softly, cupping his cheek. "We will work everything out. I don't know what I'm doing either. We'll learn as we go."
Cas sat up and called out for Dean. After no answer, he got up and went to the kitchen, where Dean was making coffee for himself and a cup of tea for the pregnant omega.
Dean chuckled, leading Cas to the table where John, Bobby, Sam, and Jo were sitting. He pulled out a chair for his omega before sitting next to him.
"Have you talked to your family at all since you've left?" The alpha questioned, rolling them on their sides to face each other, propping he head on his hand.
The alpha finished tying his boot and got up from the end of the bed. He went around to Cas' side to kiss his fiancé on the forehead.
Dean read as Cas skimmed through the journal. Every entry talked about school, friends, hating his parents and of course his crush on Dean.
The owner nodded and cut slices of the pies; dark cherry, caramel apple, pecan, and strawberry rhubarb. Cas smiled watching his fiancé enjoy every bite.
"Dean," Mary crossed her arms, a knowing smirk on her face. "You two have been going out for about a month already, and it's obvious that you are doing more than just sitting in your room with the door locked."
"I met him in training. He was a really good friend," Dean told him. "I actually invited him to come over for dinner."
"Look, I just want to find out if you are pregnant or not. My mom thought since you were throwing up and she asked if you've been moody and I just thought it be safe to at least eliminate that outcome," Dean rambled on, not looking at Cas.
"We're happy you and Dean have started this relationship," John said, giving a small smile to Dean and Cas. "If you are pregnant, then I just hope you two are okay with it. And if you are, then so are we."
"No, it's fine," Dean said, shrugging. He finally realized he was holding Cas' hand still. He let go quickly. "First come, first serve."
"We'll keep them busy," Dean said. "We don't get to spend a lot of time with them with both of us working. It'll give us a chance to play with them. I'm sure they'll love it."
Cas started rubbing the bulge in Dean's jeans, cupping it. The alpha pressed into Cas' hand. The young omega undid his boyfriend's jeans, pulling his hard, thick alpha cock out of his boxer briefs. He slowly started to stroke Dean's member, licking the precome beading out of the tip.
"Of course I have." Cas smiled, putting his hand over Dean's. "I started making a list when I found out I was pregnant. Have you?"
Anyways, before I go all in on my pity party of a life, here's the chapter you've all been waiting for. It's time for the wedding!
The six year old hugged her dad tightly. "It's gonna be okay, daddy. You'll always have me to make you feel better."
They stood there, in the cold, hugging and slightly scenting each other, neither one sure if it was okay.
"We'll make it quick. There won't be any confrontation. I promise. Okay, baby boy?" Dean asked, kneeling in front of the omega.
After the shower, and changing into comfy lounge clothes, they started decorating the apartment. As Dean hung garland around the room, Cas put their new stockings on the shelf next to the tv.
They both moaned at the feeling. Dean startled at a slow pace, lazily fucking Cas. The blue eyed teenager breathed little moans, wrapping his legs around Dean's waist.
I love reading all of the comments, so keep commenting you guys. Also let me know if I should make this into a series. Love you guys.
After numerous speeches, the band started playing upbeat, fun songs everyone could dance to. Dean and Cas were on the dance floor, dancing to "September" by Earth, Wind, and Fire. Dean was carrying a giggling Claire as the newlyweds danced like no one's watching. Cas grabbed the 16 month old and spun. Claire squealed, holding on to Cas, a giant smile on her face.
The alpha ran to the bathroom and found Cas holding his stomach. Dean didn't notice the puddle at Cas' feet. He was focused on why his fiancé was hurting.
Dick pushed Cas against the locker. "How about letting me ride that amazing ass of yours and I won't tell the whole school that you're a pregnant whore?"
The Novak brothers continued to talk a bit, in between awkward silence every so often. Dean added to the conversation, but wasn't too friendly with Michael. He knew the oldest Novak didn't like him at all. Ever since Cas first spent the night with Dean, Michael has been trying to convince Cas that he could do better and find someone his own age. Of course Cas ignored his brother, knowing he loved Dean too much. Cas would tell Dean everything his family would say about their relationship and Dean just got more and more agitated with them.
Sam sighs, weary and a little frustrated. “Kind of? I don’t know. I mean,” he leans forward, lacing his fingers between his knees, “Jack’s done a good thing here, ya know? This...” He makes a broad gesture with his hands, eyes darting over the scenery. “This is how it’s supposed to be. How it should have
“Thunder shakin’ the ground,” he murmurs. “Rain comin’ down in sheets. Sky lit up like the Fourth of July, and you’re...” He chews his bottom lip, head tipping back. “You’re lookin’ right up at it,” he laughs. “Little arms out like you’re gonna take off, and...” He grins, so wide it cuts dimples into his cheeks. “And the biggest damn smile... I have ever seen.”
He’d given no response but a plastic smile, slipping two quarters into the Magic Fingers coin slot. They’d smoked the roach to ash and laughed at the tingling vibrations, Ina-Gadda-Da-Vida blaring from the boombox.
“And restored his Grace,” Sam nods. “So. They get here and start fixin’ the place up. Opening up all the personal heavens, getting rid of the whole greatest hits shtick, right?” Dean nods along; Bobby had told him this much. “Then, get this,” Sam continues, leaning ever further forward, “Jack leaves.”
“You, on the other hand,” Ellen’s voice cuts through Dean’s rambling thoughts, and he peers up into her frowning face. She shakes out the towel and runs it over the countertop between them, giving Dean a furrow-browed look, all sympathy and sufferance. “I don’t think you been a kid since you lost your mama.”
, it tugs at a rough-sawn edge in his chest. He thinks it might be a flower or a river. Or a cloud. Or maybe a bruise.
After a tense moment, during which his entire body clenches like a vise, he opens his eyes. He peers down at himself, patting a hand around his chest. He’s still— well, not
Dean brings his knees to his chest, folding his arms across them. “Why...” he trails off for second, the weight of Sam’s stare pressing the words back down his throat. He harrumphs, cutting his gaze across the pasture to the shoreside picnic, and tries again.
Though there’s only a smattering of trees, they’re densely packed around the old barn, the canopy stippling strange shadows onto the muddied ground. Dean’s eyes trace them as he trudges the pitted path, stepping over errant roots and brittle fallen branches.
No sooner has Dean thought it than the arching stretch of a shadow blooms across the barn walls. It’s been years -
He glances back up at Sam to find his expression has gone pensive. There’s a wariness in the straight set of his mouth, belied by a shrewd sort of softness in his eyes.
And sometimes, they rebuilt each other. Propping one another up, building foundations under the other’s stumbling feet.
.” He huffs a short laugh, leaning back against the bench. “So Mary goes to the nursery, I go to your room, but...” he pauses briefly, and Dean sees his head tilt in his peripheral vision. “You’re not there.”
“Couldn’t say,” Kevin says, voice cutting through Dean’s wayward thoughts. “It was there before I got here.”
He’s been sat here, hands on the wheel in a stiff 10 and 2, languishing in indecision for a good while now. Though the windows are down and the visor out, he’s still sweating a wet spot onto the back of his henley, hair damp at the base of his skull.
Sam tips his head back in a laugh. “Right,” he huffs out. “Except that he’s the spitting image of Eileen. And he’s gay.”
Sam plants his hands flat on the table - the final step of his pre-lore ritual - and Dean suppresses a smile. “Okay, so,” Sam starts, and Dean settles in. “Basically, Jack arrives in heaven with the
“Yeah,” Dean says, and his voice is gruff and too loud. He thinks one of his fingernails might have pierced the skin of his palm. “Yeah, they do.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, voice a little thick. He clears his throat and nods. “And I get it, ya know. He—” he interrupts himself on a wincing inhale. “He lost her before.” A dry swallow. “Twice.”
John peeks over his shoulder and gives Dean a tiny crooked smile. He juts his chin toward a lonesome rod - Dean’s own - propped against the empty side of the bench.
Dean’s eyes snap to her face, still downturned, and his jaw clenches tight. A frisson of panic runs through him, crystallizing into a hard mass somewhere behind his sternum. It’s heavy and dense, with a beguiling gravity that pulls him
Kevin gives a little hum, then extends his other arm, hand outstretched. A book - identical to all the others lining the shelves - materializes on Kevin’s palm, as Dean watches with wide eyes.
“Yeah,” Dean grunts and tips his head back to squint up at the sky. “Been like this since I got here. Not a raincloud in sight.”
Between the two of them, destruction and devastation had become something like status quo, nearly commonplace in its almost constant recurrence, but—
Kevin glances at the little clock on the desk, then turns back to the tome he’s scribbling in. “Your appointment was ten minutes ago.”
Cas’ lips move like he wants to smile, but he isn’t sure how. “Dean,” he whispers, and stretches his fingers toward the hollow of Dean’s throat.
Kevin holds Dean’s gaze for a split second, face inscrutable, before hunkering back down over his work.
Dean had learned pretty quickly that any road in Heaven would take him to the main highway. And the main highway ends here, running afield a stone’s throw from the little forest, with its half-burnt trees and familiar old barn.
Dean swallows the relieved sigh coming up his throat and looks down at the reel, eyes squinting at the glare on the corroded aluminum. “Not ready,” he suggests.
Dean’s jaw goes slack for a brief second before he snaps it shut. “On the mountain?” he asks, though he knows the answer.
Her head tilts up, absent eyes meeting his as she pulls herself from reverie. “You were... three? Maybe four?” She looks down and brings a hand to settle over her heart. “It was beautiful,” she whispers, and tilts her head. “Wish I still had it.”
Dean blinks hard and gives her an incredulous look. “You got Kevin out of the Library ... for cartoon porn?”
Dean gives her a winning smile and moves the joystick side to side, thumb hovering over the X button.
Dean stares at him, eyes wide and unblinking. His jaw works soundlessly for a moment before he scrubs a weathered hand over his face, breathing a startled laugh. “
Dean’s eyebrows pop up, and he snorts. “We have the technology,” he mutters, pinching the screen to zoom out again. “We can make it better, stronger—”
Dean winces as a bead of sweat drips into his eye and cranes his neck to wipe his face on his shoulder. He looks back at the phone and rolls his eyes.
Dean shakes his head and stares down at his boots. “Nothin’ much,” he grumbles, scrubbing a hand over his face. “Just...” he breathes out a short sigh. “I dunno. Tired, I guess.”
“Three days before,” he says, voice low and scratchy. “Before we lost her.” He bumps against Dean again, soft and a little awkward. “It was Halloween... You remember it?”
Dean himself had been destroyed, after all: devastated by his mother’s death, crushed under the weight of his father’s stark misery. He’d been cast into the Pit and rent apart, sullied by demon and angel alike.
“So,” Kevin says, setting his pen down finally. “You’re here.” He looks up at Dean, and his eyes are dark, lined with crow’s feet. “Did you...” He pauses for a moment, head tilted in mild expectation, “...need something?”
Dean nearly chokes on his next breath, then shakes his head, swallowing dryly. “Shit. Hey,” he grunts out, wincing at the gravel in his voice.
Deans hums and looks out over the inlet. He tilts his head, eyes tracking the little white bob. “Twenty years ain’t so much,” he offers. “You were in the thick of it for fifty.”
Dean blows out a breath and cranes his head over his shoulder, peering at Baby where she’s parked at the dead end.
- years. That’s as long as Dean’s human life. As long as he spent in the Pit. And ancient, eldritch, and celestial though Cas may be, Dean thinks that forty years rebuilding Heaven - forty years of radio silence -
Dean’s molars grind together, and he clenches both hands on the rod’s cracked leather grip. His voice comes out coarse, gravelly. “You tell the Arch?”
Ellen sets the bottle down and slips the stopper back in. Dean doesn’t look up at her - though her gaze on his face feels like a touch - as she slides the little shot glass towards him.
Charlie smirks at him and takes another gulp, licking the foam from her top lip. “I may have spent my first afternoon here flying around on a broomstick like Harry Potter.”
Dean shakes his head, smiling wry but wide, stomach aching with laughter. “Pretty hardcore,” he says, then faces forward. “For a nerd.” He takes another short sip, noting Charlie’s scowl in his peripheral vision.
Dean’s pretty sure Cas knows he’s there. Back when they’d first met, Cas could teleport directly to Dean from a thousand miles away - could find Dean in the dark and cold, endless expanse of Hell. Even powerless and human in an alternate universe, Cas had known Dean nearly the instant he saw him.
He peers through the little door-side window, but the lights are off inside. Maybe no one’s home. Maybe they’re busy. Dean grimaces - maybe they’re
Dean watches her - the way her eyes flick back and forth, a tiny smile curving her mouth, the dim fluorescent light glinting off her hair. She stares on, blithe and lovely, an understated joy hovering around her.
Dean stares at him for a moment longer, considering, then takes the beer from John’s outstretched hand. He flicks off the cap with his thumbnail and takes a long pull. It’s sour and hoppy, bitter as always.
Cas’ frown persists for an instant, before it smoothes into weary resignation. He turns back toward the table, bagged eyes dropping.
A memory comes unbidden, floating to the surface of his mind. Him and John, sitting on wet boulders coated in algae, casting lines into the murky creek a couple miles from home. They’d left Mom back at the house, curled up on the sofa with Sammy, barely an infant at the time.
“Hm?” Mary leans closer to him, and Dean’s nose twitches with the scent of tart apples clinging to her hair. She looks at the little scribble, frowning for a moment, before her eyebrows pop up. “Oh, wow,” she sighs out, leaning closer. “I forgot about that.”
Dean’s fists clench up, and he watches with hawk eyes as the thing manifests, forming itself into a vaguely rectangular shape. He feels his lips purse tight and his spine straighten like a rod.
Sam huffs a laugh. “Yeah. But,” he says and raises a forefinger, “Heaven’s not finished.” He makes a vague gesture towards the nearby window overlooking the forest. “Still isn’t.”
“No,” Sam says and casts his eyes out toward the peak. “On the forest in the field.” His glances straight upwards, eyes wide even in the garish sunlight. “Skies were blue all around, no clouds anywhere except...” he turns to Dean with an unreadable expression, “...right over the little forest.”
“Yeah,” Sam sighs out. He shrugs again and runs a hand through his hair, frizzy from the briny air. “I don’t know. Sounds weird, but... If you’re not into the whole—” he waves a hand toward the cloudless sky, “—Norman Rockwell sunny slopes thing—”
“Badaboom, right.” Dean nods around a grimace and casts his eyes about the courtyard. It’s quiet and empty, the last rays of the evening sun glinting on the white stepping stones. “And if someone from the Arch sees me?”
Dean tips his head side to side, considering. It’s true enough, yeah, but- “I had five good years there,” he demurs, “at the beginning.”
Well, she ain’t wrong. Dean snorts and squints his eyes, one corner of his mouth quirking up in a sly grin.
“I can’t...” he murmurs and purses his chapped lips. “I can’t- ‘forget the past,’ Dean.” The words sound colder, harsher than when Dean said them a moment ago. Dean shakes his head, but Cas only glances down at his hands. “And I wouldn’t want to. Even if I could.”
Dean stares, and Cas stares back. Dean’s not sure what expression he’s wearing; his whole damn face has gone numb, though he feels little beads of flop sweat forming at his hairline.
Castiel steps further into the weak lamplight, all squared shoulders and downturned lips. “Jack has put a great deal of faith in me,” he grunts out, voice pitched just above a growl. “I have responsibilities, Dean.”
She reaches out a hand to grasp the side of the frame opposite Dean’s, the small weight of the silly little drawing shared between them. She’s got that look again, like there’s an old Super 8 projection playing in her head. Dean wonders what’s on the reel.
Dean sniffs and hunches his shoulders against the swelling pressure in his chest. Kevin said these were written by Arch members - angels. He clenches his jaw, grunting, “Funny sort of thing for an angel to say.”
The door swings inward, hinges creaking out a plea for some WD-40, and there’s Bobby, glaring at him squinty-eyed from underneath his ball cap.
Something cracks in Dean’s chest, and he’s talking before he can trap the words behind his teeth. “I’m not sure I-.”
“Busy?” Dean says again. His voice cracks a little, and he swallows hard, face warming in shame - or perhaps anger. Dean’s never been real good at telling one from the other.
Dean had sat on John’s lap, Sammy tucked into Mom’s arm, all of them huddled together under a threadbare quilt, eyes glued to the flickering sky. Dean had pressed his hand to the window, watching it fog up around his tiny fingers.
Cas turns back toward the sea, head tilting just so. “Did you know,” he murmurs, “the first garrison sent to collect you from the Pit—” he shakes his head, “—failed.”
Dean’s jaw clenches, and he nods to himself. Kevin scribbles on for another few seconds, then stops and glances up, face bemused. “Kinda weird though,” he says, squinting, “the mistranslation.” He shrugs mildly and turns back to his book. “Guess even angels make mistakes.”
Dean furrows his brow and peers down at the bottle. It’s crystal and shapely, its contents a deep, glittering amber, and Dean’s eyes catch on the shiny inlaid lettering across the front:
In an instant - a perfect, shining Moment that Dean thinks he’ll remember forever - he and Cas are soaked in a torrential downpour.
“And it’s the same reason,” Bobby grunts sharply, pointing a wrinkled finger towards the sky, “that sun shines so damn bright.”
That said, Dean doesn’t understand most of her decor. There’s a surprisingly beautiful oil painting of what looks like the bushy-haired girl from Harry Potter standing over the corpse of a monster with a face made of teeth; Charlie called it the Demogorgon, which clarified precisely nothing. On another wall, there’s a giant framed poster of the little shruggie emoticon dude, which, on closer inspection, is itself made of other shruggie emoticon dudes. In the center of the foyer stands a life-size marble statue of Poison Ivy, flanked on either side by two huge suits of armor, armed with iron flails.
Dean stares at Sam’s profile. He’s got Mom’s nose and Dad’s chin, Mom’s straight spine and Dad’s weathered hands; but mostly, he’s just himself - a man of his own. Dean’s always wondered how he managed that.
Dean spins on his heel in a swift volte face, and marches towards the door, tottery but unfaltering. He crosses the threshold and steps into the garish sunlight.
He steps further into the study proper. There are two rows of bookshelves to his left, one directly before him, and several more a little ways down on his right. The books are all bound the same, in a deep beige leather with some sort of gold insignia etched into the spines. He doesn’t recognize the symbols, or any of the books themselves. He doubts any of them are Vonnegut.
Ellen huffs and rolls her eyes, then stoops down behind the bar, rifling through her wares. She comes up a moment later and slaps her prize down onto the counter, a triumphant smirk around her mouth.
He’s part way up the knoll, a little ways away from the picnic proper. From this vantage point, he can still see everyone - Mary and John on the big blanket, Ellen and Bill at the grill, Jo and her beau du jour swimming lazy circles out in the lake. Eileen sits next to Karen, both engaged in a lively discussion with Bobby, judging by the frenetic hand movements.
Dean’s mouth pulls into a wide grin, and he raises his hands in a shrug. “C’mon, who could hate this face.”
Dean is silent for a beat, debating whether asking the question is worth hearing the answer. He puts on an air of detachment he doesn’t feel and asks, “You thinkin’ about it too?”
Cas rolled his eyes and turned around to a pair of jade green eyes staring at him. The pair of mesmorizing green eyes belonged to a tall, muscled alpha with freckles splayed across his nose.
"Cas, sweetheart, you're not going anywhere. You're going to stay by my side. Do you actually think I would make you leave and do all this by yourself?" Dean held the young omega as he cried. "I don't care if we've only been going out for a month. I've known you for so long and I've liked you for a long time. You'll be okay."
"We met Balthazar when he tried hitting on Charlie then me," Cas chuckled. "He's really sweet. I mean, he can't keep it in his pants, but he can be sweet at times."
Cas looked at the names attached to the flowers to find out who bought him the carnations. One flower was from Dick. The omega groaned, rolling his eyes. He looked at the next flower, seeing Mick's name. Cas blushed, thinking of the new student actually buying a flower for Cas for a romantic holiday.
"And he's at this bar? More than 10 miles from the college?" Dean queried, a hint of jealousy in his words. "Sounds like you have a stalker."
Cas sat on the couch, running a hand through his unruly hair. The alpha sat next to him, smelling the distress on Cas. He put his hand on the omega's shoulder softly.
He couldn't believe he has a beautiful daughter. His heart sank thinking that he missed the first six years of her life. All because John was an alcoholic, abusive, fucker. Dean never wanted to take a chance of coming back to town and his dad following through with his threat.
The alpha shrugged. "I guess I was taught to be respectful. I always saw alphas and betas messing with my little cousin, Jo, and it always pissed me off how arrogant some of them can be."
Cas laughed as he made his way to an empty place to stand by. He wrapped his arms around Dean's neck, kissing him.
It was already after 10 a.m. and they had their first baby training class at 1 p.m. Cas unstuck himself from Dean before grabbing his panties and Dean's shirt to wear. He went to the kitchen to start coffee for his alpha and breakfast.
He heard a shuffling before he saw the green eyes he saw earlier. Cas faltered a bit, but tried not to show any emotion.
In the middle of the night, Cas woke up to the sound of his phone vibrating. He checked the time. 3 am. Who the hell was calling him at this hour? He grabbed his phone, rubbing his eyes to see who it was. Dean's name flashed on the screen with his picture.
"I understand," Cas said sympathetically. "Just know, if it ever happens again, I give you permission to beat him up."
"Dean actually signed us up for parenting classes. Just to help us for what's coming up," Cas added, eating a fork full of his salad.
The oldest Winchester brother went to his room and sat on the bed, sighing, running a hand through his hair. He took his phone out, seeing 8 missed calls and 20 text messages from Cas. He scrolled through the messages, scanning over them.
As much as he wanted to keep the night slow and sensual, Dean couldn't help but start to thrust faster and harder. Cas felt even better now that Dean was fucking him like he wanted. Dean moaned out a "fuck," when Cas tightened around his cock.
It was obvious to everyone but Dean that Cas had a crush on the older Winchester growing up. Cas couldn't help it. The alpha was all muscle, freckles, and, well, all around beauty. It was hard for Cas not to get jealous when Dean walked the halls of high school with a different beta and omega on his arm ever other week.
"You were smiling a lot yesterday," Claire answered. "I know I smile a lot when I'm around my crush."
Dean turned to where they were looking to check the guy out before pinning Cas against the locker, kissing him roughly. Cas moaned unexpectedly, melting into the kiss, wrapping his arms around Dean's neck.
"Why does Dean have so many scratches on his back?" Gabe started, shuddering, knowing the answer. "Nevermind."
"I didn't know you were coming back from training," Mary said, pulling away from the hug, wiping tears that spilled from her bright green eyes.
Dean rushed back to the bathroom to start helping Cas out the door. "I thought she wasn't coming for another week."
Dean's cheeks heated up. He rubbed the back of his neck, looking away. "I was gonna get some dinner. Did you want to come with me?"
A moan rumbled in the alpha's throat, pushing into Cas' hand. The young omega pulled the alpha out of his underwear, his mouth watering at the sight of the towering cock in front of him.
"6 fucking years, Dean Winchester!" Cas exclaimed, hitting Dean in the chest with a fist. "You didn't think of trying to contact me in those 6 years? You abandoned me, you dick!" He gave the alpha a shove. "You reassured me that
Dean's cock twitched in anticipation as he watched Cas walk into the bathroom with his suitcase. Once he heard the door latch, he rushed to strip down to his boxer briefs. He popped open the champagne and poured it into two glasses. Before he forgot, he put a do not disturb sign on the door, at least that's what he thinks the sign said; it was in French.
I know I'm late with this chapter. I would've posted this on Valentine's day, but I got caught up in some things. So, I hope you like it either way.
"It's just one night, babe. My mom is going to take good care of Claire. We'll go early the next day to pick her up. Okay?"
Dean sighed, tucking his softening cock back into his underwear. "Yeah, I'm good. I'll be out in a sec."
The alpha happened to look by the door and saw Lisa talking to Cas' friend Ruby. Dean started getting angry. How could Lisa come to his wedding? He knew she was going to try ruining their reception.
Cas quickly closed the door, making sure to lock the door then looking at the mail. He went through the letters before putting them down on the coffee table. He figured he would read through them later. He went back to turn the music on and finish cleaning.
After they cleaned up, Dean drove Cas back home and walked him to his front door. They shared a lingering goodbye kiss and said goodnight. When Cas walked inside, he made sure to try to walk normally. His was pleasantly sore, but he didn't want anyone in his family to know that.
"You ate the last of it a couple of days ago," Dean answered, chuckling. "It's 10 degrees outside. You still want ice cream?"
"I'm fine. We're fine," Cas replied, getting annoyed. "As you can see, I'm okay. Now, if you don't mind, I'd like to see the father of my pup."
"Why don't we go take a shower and then we can see about getting that apartment?" Dean asked. The omega nodded, grabbing Dean's hand.
Claire slowly started moving, helping Dean glide with her. Surprisingly, the alpha was starting to get better. He was actually able to stand up straight. The six year old let go of Dean's hand, smiling and cheering.
Cas started calming down on the ride home and when they went up to their apartment, he was back to being relaxed and a little tipsy. Dean helped Cas out of his clothes and into one of Dean's shirts before sitting on the edge of the bed to start undressing himself. But before he could, Cas straddled Dean's lap, kissing him softly.
When they got to the coffee shop, they were met with a few college students that had decided to get coffee before their class. Cas and Charlie waited in line, taking wandering glances at the other students. Some faces they've seen, some are fresh.
The pregnant omega was pressed against the lockers. "It was 3 years ago. I dumped you. Just get over it already. I don't like you and I never will."
"Hey, Cassie?" Gabe called, knocking on the bedroom door before cracking it open. "Are you good? Having second thoughts? I'll help you runaway."
Mary smiled. "I'm so happy for you, sweetheart. You've grown into such a wonderful young man. I'm proud of you."
"When you start talking about being parents, it freaks me out too. How can I comfort you when I'm scared as well?" Charlie defended herself.
"What's wrong, sweetheart? You're stinking up the whole apartment," Dean pondered, going over to pull Cas into a comforting hug.
"Are you sure you're okay?" Dean questioned, putting his hand on the small of Cas' back as they continued walking to their 2nd period.
Dean pulled his fingers out. He stroked his hard cock, covering it in the omega's slick. He positioned the head right at Cas' entrance, slowly pushing his throbbing member in.
"Gladly," Cas said, getting up, walking to the door, grabbing his coat and keys before walking out. He could still hear the commotion in the house.
After getting a layout of where everything was going in the venue, Cas pulled Naomi aside while Dean looked around, pushing a happy, babbling Claire.
"Oh, come on. She's always clinging to you before she falls asleep," Dean retorted. "I think it's because she finds comfort in your scent."
"Dean," the omega chided, rolling his eyes. "I'm happy at my life right now. I, just, I don't know. I love you, Dean Winchester."
"You would be correct," Cas stated. "I've always loved the concept of using paint and a blank canvas to show your emotions. My mom never approved of my 'hobby,' as she liked to put it. She wanted all her children to grow up to be doctors or surgeons. Me, being the rebel I am, decided to go to art school. My older brother is actually helping me pay for my classes."
"You like the way my cock feels, don't you sweetheart?" Dean purred, nibbling on Cas' neck. "Stretching you wide."
Cas watched the alpha walk away, his muscles rippling under his glistening skin. The brunet smiled back at Cas before disappearing upstairs.
At that moment, the omega wasn't frozen anymore. He punched Dick in the throat, making the alpha cough and gag.
Cas was still pouting as he went to the bedroom with the bags in tow. Dean followed, grabbing some clothes from the closet to wear.
As the blue eyed omega unbuckled Claire from the car seat, Gabriel stood at the front door, waiting for them. Claire quickly ran over to Gabriel once Cas put her down.
Cas stopped Dean before he could make a move towards the drunk. Dean was starting to see red and Cas could smell it off him.
The alpha grabbed the omega's arm, stopping Cas from walking away. Cas looked back at his boyfriend with anger in his eyes. Dean knew just by Cas' scent that he was angry and apologetic at the same time.
"What do you boys want for Christmas dinner?" Mary questioned, walking into the living room where her sons sat.
Cas shrugged. "It wasnt, but I'm not going to let it ruin our holiday plans. I'm just going to avoid him."
"Good question," Cas pondered. "We can go with a gender neutral color. I don't really want to stick to gender norms anyway."
The alpha put his coat on and grabbed his keys. Cas got up from the couch, still wrapped in the comforter and went to kiss Dean.
All the siblings looked at the omega, concern and curiosity crossed all of their faces. Claire quickly forgot about it, playing with her snowman pancakes with Gabriel. Cas internally sighed. How is he going to get his family to accept Dean again? What if Gabriel was right and Dean won't keep his word? He felt his heart rate start to climb up. He shook all the worries out of his head for the time being. He looked around at his siblings, smiling a little knowing his family can still get together for the holidays.
Cas helped Dean out of his shirt before leaning forward, kissing Dean passionately, working his hands on the waistband on the alpha's underwear.
"Thanks for coming," Cas insisted. "We like you guys. We thought it would be fun to invite you two."
"Hey, who cares? You're living with Gabe. You shouldn't have to worry about your tight ass mother," Charlie said, knowing Cas would agree rather than be upset for saying it. She looked at Cas, still silent. "I'll find you a nice alpha, okay?"
The elevator dinged and the doors slid open. Dean effortlessly scooped Cas up, carrying him bridal style, making the omega yelp in surprise.
"So wet for me, baby," Dean breathed it Cas' ear. "So eager for my cock. You love being fucked, don't you, gorgeous? Always ready for a good fucking."
"My mom drank ginger tea when she was pregnant with my youngest siblings. It helped her a lot," the young student weighed in.
The alpha continued tickling him, going for the more sensitive areas. Cas started laughing, pushing Dean away, the lead he had in the race slipping away.
Sorry for the wait. I've been busy lately, but I was able to squeeze in some time to finish this chapter. I want to thank all the commenters for the kind words and the helpful feedback. I'm sorry for the confusion about the whole plot. I wanted it to be a certain way, but it didn't come out the way I intended it to be. I hope this chapter kind of clears up some of the confusion. If not, just let me know. Leave some kudos and comments. They make my day. ヽ(✿ﾟ▽ﾟ)ノ
Once Cas stepped back outside, Dean took one look at him and was taken aback at how beautiful his pregnant fiancé looked. The alpha went over to him and grabbed him by the waist, picking him up, kissing him softly.
The couple have been to Charlie and Gilda's house before. Gilda has invited them over for dinner a few times which led to Dean and Charlie shouting competively at each other over the video game they would play after dinner. Cas and Gilda would look on at their partners, lovingly and amused.
Mary decided instead of having a big gender reveal party, she would have a small party with both families, the Novaks and the Winchesters, to come together for Cas and Dean. And since the couple still wanted to know what the pup is going to be, they're going to have a gender reveal cake.
When he went outside, he looked around and spotted Lisa standing by the fountain. She smiled, walking over to him and wrapping her arms around his neck.
"Why are you doing homework?" Dean asked. "You just finished your first year in college. I didn't think they would give you homework."
"You hot sweetheart? You're sweating," Dean pointed out, walking over to his fiancé after finishing the tent.
"You know what I mean," Dean replied, standing up from the bed. "Let's just stay home and roleplay in our costumes."
Gabe shrugged. "Yeah. Babies that never met one or both of their parents, still have a kind of connection. Especially, if the parent is an alpha. But I don't think it was proven. So, I could be wrong."
Dean sat on the edge of the bed, watching Cas crawl off his lap, kneeling on the floor in front of him.
Slick ran down the back of Cas' thighs and Dean's chin, as the alpha began plunging his tongue deep inside the omega. Cas whimpered, gasping at the pleasure coursing through him. He tried pushing his ass back, but the alpha's strong hands kept him from moving.
"Um, my trig teacher told me to come here to rest. I kinda threw up in a trash can," the omega explained, rubbing the back of his neck.
"Well, since we've did it in my childhood bed. Why don't we do it in your childhood bed?" The alpha asked, wiggling his eyebrows.
"It's okay, Dean. I know you want to help me, but don't blame yourself." Cas leaned against Dean's shoulder, feeling safe in the alpha's scent. "Can I lay down? I'm so tired."
"You know, I don't mind if you have a pup with another," the alpha said, licking his lips. "I've been looking for an omega to mate with. You look like my type."
Just then, Cas felt a wave of nausea hit him in his gut. His mouth started to water, bile burning it's way up his throat. He got up quickly, running out of the classroom to the closest trash can and threw up his entire lunch.
"I was thinking we can try cooking dinner tonight at your place. I'll just try not to get blood on the vegetables this time."
"I don't go anywhere without Dean. So, you can tell them they can't just try to bring me back. They have to accept my pup's father," Cas objected.
Cas let out a shaky breath. "Dean, I can't even begin to explain how much you mean to me. You brought color to my dull world. I can't believe how much you've changed my life. I've never been this happy and felt this safe. You're the most amazing man and alpha that I've ever had the pleasure of being loved by. I couldn't ask for a better person to live the rest of my life with. I promise to never stop loving you and to make sure you're taken care of as my alpha. I promise to give you a big family and make any place we live feel like home, no matter where we are. I love you with all my heart and that will never change, no matter how much you piss me off."
"Probably to eat better. I'm gaining a lot more weight than I should be at this stage of my pregnancy," Cas huffed. "This pup just makes me eat everything."
The three of them walked out of the kitchen. Cas sat by Dean, smiling, grabbing his hand and squeezing it.
"What?" Cas said, startled by Dean somehow. "Oh, yeah. It's a little hot out. You finished the tent?"
"Okay." Naomi nodded. "We just miss you. Your brothers and sister miss you. We want to be part of your life again."
"I'm sure. I don't want another alpha. I want Dean. He's my fiancé and the father of this pup," Cas answered, irritated.
The alpha slapped his hand away, grabbing his hand and pining it behind his back. "Nuh uh. No touching. I want you to cum on my cock."
All of a sudden, there were a few knocks on the door. Cas' eyes widened in fear. They both stood up, staring at the door.
Cas went to find Dean, spotting him where the drinks were, talking to Sam and Eileen. He rushed over to them, grabbing Dean by the arm.
Cas tried to stop the smile that was tugging on his lips, but didn't do a very good job. Dean breathed a laugh. The alpha tilted Cas' head up to look at him, closing the gap between them. Cas was taken aback and tried to push Dean away, but didn't have the will to. He melted into the kiss, wrapping his arms around his neck.
Dean helped Cas in before he got in himself. Cas sat between Dean's legs, his back to the alpha's chest. Dean grabbed a washcloth and soaked it to gently wipe at Cas' bite mark. Cas hissed at the feeling of the hot water on his wound.
Cas woke up, warm and content. He blinked his eyes a few times to adjust to the sunlight coming in through the window. That's when it hit him; he wasn't in Gabriel's house. He turned to see Dean spooning him. Then he looked at the clock. It was just after 8.
"I'm glad you found him when you did. A little later and that douchebag would've -," Dean trailed off, trying not to think of it.
Later on, Dean came home with a bouquet of lillies in his hand. He heard music coming from the bedroom so he followed. Cas was at the vanity, fixing his hair, humming to the music as he got ready.
A little while later, Mary gave Dean a list of ingredients she would need from the store. Dean happily took the list and drove off to the store. He needed to get out of there. Seeing how in love Sam and Eileen are is bringing back old memories that he does not want to think about. But don't get it wrong. He was extremely happy and proud of his little brother, despite the teasing.
Dean strides over and pulls it open, standing aside as Bobby steps out onto the raised wooden platform. There’s a tall square table flanked by barstools to his left, and a rusted mesh fire pit on his right, but Dean barely notices either of them.
say without making him sound crazier than he rightfully is. Fortunately, Kevin is already pushing back his chair and rising to his feet. He comes around the desk at a trot and descends the stairs.
Dean’s eyes squeeze shut, and his head falls forward. His spine feels loose, wobbly like a Jenga tower.
Dean’s stomach clenches, eyes tracing over Cas’ low-lit form. In the liminal space between the shadows of the trees, his body looks strange - more like a bending of light than a corporeal figure. It occurs to Dean that Cas has no need of a vessel in Heaven, that he has likely restructured his true form for the sole purpose of looking as Dean remembers him.
Dean sucks in a noisy breath through his nose. A frustrated, petty part of him is tempted to feign ignorance.
Dean’s pulse beats in his ears, a heavy weight clutching at his heart. There’s a clanging, pounding noise echoing in his head, and a great empty pit opens up in his stomach - all writhing fluid and tar-black. Like a premonition, like déjà vu, he knows he is about to lose something, and all he can think to say is
“I stopped by the Library,” Charlie says, nonchalant. Then she gives Dean a mischievous grin, raising her glass to her mouth. “Wanted to see if they had
“Would you have ever told me,” Dean murmurs, voice just loud enough to carry. Oddly enough, it’s precisely what he meant to say, what he came here to ask - but the words taste like ash in his mouth.
He stares across the table at Mary. She’s silent but smiling, her eyes far away. It’s a familiar look, one he’s seen on nearly everyone he knows in Heaven. Like they’re lost in a beautiful memory - a moment in their past lives that they didn’t regret.
Dean is a great many things, very few of them virtuous, but let it never be said he’s a coward. He presses his arm against the door and sidesteps through the narrow opening.
Sam clears his throat and turns back toward the water. “Yeah, Eileen thought so too, but... I don’t know. It felt—” he sucks in a short breath, shoulders coming up in a benign shrug, “nice.”
Dean sucks in a breath, throat constricting, and he nearly chokes on air. He gapes for a moment, mouth opening and closing like a damned fish, before he finally gets his tongue to cooperate.
Dean huffs a laugh at that, face splitting in a wretched smile. It’s a cop-out, and they both know it. Dean’s said enough last words to know they’re inherently selfish - a balm for the dying, not the survivors.
The phone was something of a turn up. It had appeared at his bedside sometime during his first night in Heaven. He’d awoken to the sound of it buzzing against the tabletop, a message from Sam -
Dean feels a pit open up in his stomach, strange and unbidden. He sets his beer down on the table, butting it up against his controller. “You tell the Arch?”
Cas’ shoulders sag under Dean’s hands, just as a boom of thunder sounds. The forest darkens as a cloud thickens over head, and a bolt of lightning cracks across the sky.
A pointed harrumph comes from somewhere behind him, and Dean sits up in a flurry, his neck giving a sharp pop as he peers over his shoulder.
Dean squints, searching his scattered memory. He remembers the yard, the foliage, the window into the kitchen. He remembers thunder and lightning and torrential downpour. He doesn’t remember himself.
Dean starts and cranes his neck around. Sam is coming up the pier at a jog, grinning wide. Dean gives him a wan smile, edging into a chuckle when Sam catches a face full of moss from an old cypress.
Dean gets a sudden, painful urge to hug the kid. He takes a faltering step forward to do just that, and the amulet jostles in his pocket.
Mary turns around, her eyes a little wide, eyebrows climbing toward her hairline. Dean isn’t sure why he asked. He backtraces his train of thought, only to find he hadn’t had one at all; seems he’s done his usual shtick of putting his foot in his mouth the very moment he opens it.
Dean frowns and curls forward, chin dropping to his chest. The whisper in his head makes a short utterance, and Dean sees himself, greyscale in his memory. Face blank in the aftermath, bones numb from the onslaught, and all he can think, can feel, can say is—
There’s a deep sigh from behind him, and he turns to see Kevin, weary-eyed and grumpy, peering past him to the inscription.
Dean stares at him for a moment, then nods down at his hands as if that makes any sort of sense. He runs his tongue over his lips, eyes darting about the half lit barn for any indication of the time. “How long have I...?”
“Many of the Host,” Cas intones, “my... my brethren.” He peers down at his hands, mouth a straight, firm line. “They knew.”
. He recalls seeing it printed on greeting cards, boxes of chocolate, Valentine’s bouquets - the sort of shit normal people busied themselves with.
“Yeah,” she says, settling her elbows on the bar. “First thing I laid eyes on after your boy fixed up the joint.” She snorts under her breath, shaking her head. “Bout fell over when I saw him. It was...” Her voice cuts out, and she pulls her bottom lip through her teeth, eyes far away. “A moment.”
Dean’s eyebrows pop up, and he feels a sort of mild, obligatory guilt uncurl in his stomach. Frankly, he’d all but forgotten about the infinite other universes that Chuck - in his epic, cosmic bitch fit - had dusted just for kicks.
And if Dean’s being entirely honest with himself - which, frankly, isn’t really his game - he can acknowledge the inherent unfairness of it. For all Dean prefers to bottle things up until they ferment in his belly, Sam is (somehow) a well-adjusted adult with proportionate emotional intelligence to boot. Sam had deserved to mourn Cas - whether or not Dean had allowed himself to do the same - and Dean hadn’t let him.
Sam is silent for another moment. Then he sighs, barely audible, and turns back to the water. It glitters and ripples where the bob floats.
Dean’s hands tighten around the old rod, and he blinks to clear his vision. “Did it to me too,” he murmurs.
“Yeah,” Charlie snorts, “and you cheese it.” She presses several buttons at once, and her character - a skinny brunette in a hilarious and mildly sexy bathing suit - kicks Dean’s guy about thirty damn times.
Her mouth is a straight line, but there’s a smirk in her eyes that has the corner of Dean’s lips ticking up in a cocky grin. “Big talk,” he says and grabs a shot in a loose fist. He holds it up in a vague toast, grunting a sporting, “Cheers.”
Dean withholds a wince at the mention of John, and a muscle twitches in his jaw. “I liked it how it was.”
He peers through the windshield, eyes squinting against the light, and observes the sparse spring clouds drifting over the pass. If he looks hard enough, he can probably find Sam and Eileen’s place - a little white dot on the mountainside. Instead, his eyes cut to the lowest point between the peaks, though he can see neither hide nor hair of what lies beyond.
That gets Sam’s attention. “What?” he asks, eyes snapping to Dean’s. “Oh, uh. No,” he says and makes a dismissive gesture with his hand. “It wasn’t, uh. Wasn’t
Dean frowns and squints down at his feet. The days surrounding Mary’s death are strange in his memory - blue-tinted and Gaussian blurred. He doesn’t remember candy or costumes, though.
“You—” Dean pauses for a moment to consider his argument. But toeing up against Charlie is a bit of a nonstarter, and, well... Frankenstein is pretty badass.
“Actually,” Sam murmurs, and his voice sounds vague and a little strange. Dean peeks a look at Sam’s face in his peripheral vision to find he’s gone oddly pensive.
Dean nods; he does know. John and Mary had lied to them both - and to each other - and it hadn’t gotten them anywhere but six feet under.
Dean’s throat goes tight again, his lungs compressing around his quick beating heart. Apropos of nothing, it occurs to him that his heart shouldn’t beat at all; he’s dead, after all.
For a moment, nothing happens. He frowns down at the amulet, turning it between his hands. Then there’s a soft pop and a little sizzle, and the metal begins to glow, warming against his palm.
P.S. I may post the original dialogue-only draft of this fic, if anyone is interested. There are a handful of marked differences, but if you'd like to see it, let me know in the comments. Thanks!
He’s driven past it a few times, but never gotten too close; there’s something mildly forbidding in the way it juts out of the earth, its stamped concrete walkways a jarring foil to the surrounding flora. From his perch on the front steps, it looks like any other city library - modern and well-maintained, if a bit oddly placed.
Dean blows out a shaking breath, eyes flicking sightlessly. “You carried me back inside,” he whispers, and he remembers that, too - John’s rough hands circling his waist, hoisting him up, pressing Dean into his warm, dry chest, strong arms wrapped around his back.
Dean tips his head back in a nod. “Right. Uh...” Dean trails off for a moment, unsure. Nearly all of his childhood memories are of Mary, but they’re weathered and vague, filtered through the consciousness of a toddler. He barely remembers the words she said, only the lilting strains of her voice as she calmed him, soothed him, protected him—
Dean gives a bark of laughter, and his cheeks ache. He’s learned that Charlie is an appallingly poor sport, and her swearing tirades in the wake of a loss amuse him to no end.
Dean turns back to the towering doors. Before he can think better of it, he presses his weight against one side, nudging it ajar. It creaks something awful, and Dean winces at the sound, halting his movement.
Ellen grins while Dean gapes like a damned fish. “Buffalo Trace, Old Fashioned Copper,” she confirms, and Dean’s eyebrows nearly climb off his face. “Thirty years old.”
His stomach chooses that moment to grumble ominously, and Dean hunches forward, pressing his forearm across his belly.
Dean nods, though he’s not sure what difference that makes. Chuck had been divine, and he was a piece of unmitigated shit. Michael was divine too, and he’d clawed at the inside of Dean’s skull like a damned hellhound.
good to see you, Dean,” he reiterates, and the sincerity in his tone nearly makes Dean believe it. “But...”
“Over the river and through the woods,” he murmurs, and he pulls onto the road in a cloud of gravel dust.
Charlie makes an offended noise, and there’s a low thud that sounds like a book snapping shut. “Of course it’s gonna work,” she says, tone sharp with a nerdy bluster that has Dean cracking a smile. “I poured my flesh and blood and a tiny bit of weapons grade plutonium into that amulet.”
His left arm had tingled at the bicep, hot and cold at the same time, buzzing along his nervous system like a shock. For an instant, he’d felt a constriction across his chest, a heavy weight at his back, as if someone were clutching him, holding him. Carrying him.
Dean sucks in a sharp breath, his hand settling over his roiling stomach. “It’s the reason they hated you, isn’t it,” he whispers, and his voice cracks. “
Dean harrumphs - sharper than intended from the tightness in his throat - and reaches for his beer. His stomach grumbles as he takes a gulping pull. It’s skunky and flat, bitter and watery, and he doesn’t taste anything at all.
Any other day, the tone might’ve put Dean off. There’s something sour in it, like an uncleaned wound covered and left to fester. The unspoken plea -
Her voice is soft and ambivalent, as if she’s already accepted his answer. It gets Dean’s back up, and he peers up at her through flinty eyes.
Cas’ eyes shine a bright Carolina blue, his chapped lips curved in a bittersweet smile. “I found you,” he says, “the same way that...” he shakes his head, casting his eyes toward the ground, “... a sailor finds a lighthouse.”
Dean stares blankly at him for a moment before dropping his eyes to his hands, turning his glass in a slow circle.
Stippled sunlight seeps through Dean’s eyelids, painting nebulous shapes in the darkness. He scrubs a weathered hand over his face and digs his thumb into his temple. There’s a tension headache lurking in the wings, and he’s got no damn idea where to filch himself a bottle of aspirin. He scrunches his face up against the sunlight and sighs; forty years tooling around the Great Beyond, and he’s yet to come across a CVS or - Jack forbid - a Heaven-Eleven.
It’s a loaded question, one Dean’s heard about a hundred times since he hopped the pearly gates. Skirting it has become something like second nature.
Dean harrumphs and adjusts his seat. “I mean, I like the—” he gestures vaguely toward the window, “—the picnic weather, too, I just...” he trails off, noting Charlie’s scrunched frown, and shrugs. “I dunno. Sam says there’re storms, past the mountain.”
Dean feels his jaw go slack, and his eyes get a little misty. Kevin is in Heaven, and he’s sitting at a giant desk with a frickin’
Maybe all that isn’t really Dean’s bag, but he’d hardly endanger it for a flash of lightning and a few drops of rain. Dean’s happiness has always been the incidental sort, anyway - happenstance and fleeting, ephemeral like morning fog.
Sam hadn’t spoken a word - just raised an eyebrow at Lee’s boxers and undershirt strewn across the floor, and handed Dean a Mars Bar he’d lifted from the Gas ‘n Sip. Precocious little shit.
Cas turns back toward Dean, blank-faced and eyes downcast. “I’m needed elsewhere,” he murmurs, stepping backwards out of the pool of light. His shoulders shift strangely, spine going ramrod straight. It’s a familiar motion, though it takes Dean a minute to place why. It must be something close to fifty years since he last saw it - a weird little twitch, like something’s pulling at Cas from behind, like he’s counterbalancing a weight on his back—
Compared to John, Bobby may well be Father of the Year - but he’s no pushover, and he certainly doesn’t pull his punches. Dean’s admired the old man’s brutal brand of honesty for some eighty years now, and he’s always taken it to heart: if Bobby says he’s being an idiot, then it’s very likely that Dean
He shakes himself and peers down at the map. His eyes follow the mountain range, inked in broad jagged lines, to the river - a flowing swirl in a dull, washed blue. North of the mountain is a colorless expanse, marred only by a cluster of tiny dots.
“That’s not—” he starts, then shakes his head, lips pursing. “I’m fine,” he says, bald and unyielding. “I’m good.”
Dean gives a weak smile at that, though it hurts like a fresh bruise. He’s not run into Jo since he made it topside, though he’d seen her once after she died. He remembers her, sitting bleary-eyed and sallow next to that bald fucker Osiris - defending Dean’s wasted soul as best she could. He remembers standing in a ring of salt, waiting -
Something rises inside Dean, cresting in his throat like a tidal wave, and he speaks shortly, sharply, before he can think better of it. “Where the
Dean reins in his surprise and dips his head, summoning a wry smile. “Well,” he says and points his fork at the plate of pie crumbs.
While the little forest has ample flora - sprawling ferns and squat bushes, green hellebores and dangling bluebells - it’s oddly without much fauna. Dean’s grown rather accustomed to the substratum of birdsong and jumping fish at his inlet; here though, there’s only the occasional rustling of what might be a small rodent, and the buzz of - apparently - bumblebees.
Kevin tips his head side to side with a little shrug. “Literally, yes. But it’s usually used to connote a—” he frowns, chewing his lip, “—a general kind of love.
"That's crazy, Cas. I would never leave you, especially for Lisa. I don't want to have a family with her. I already have a perfect family with you."
"What about you, Dean?" Cas asked, looking at Dean with a smile. "This is your first year here. Where did you go to school before?"
Dean reads over the note. John left the impala for Dean to use and had Bobby pick him up to go hunt a vampire nest. He didn't leave an amount of time he would be gone, but Dean knew he wouldn't see his dad for a while.
He grabbed the drinks and turned around to go back to his table, when he bumped into someone, almost dropping all the beers from his hand.
"I was thinking about staying in bed all day. We'll eat breakfast in bed, maybe binge some shows, and of course we can have sex all day too," Dean offered.
Dean did just that. He added a couple of fingers by his mouth, his tongue delving deeper. Cas ran his fingers through Dean's short hair, tugging on it in pleasure.
Before Cas could respond, a truck, with loud music coming from it, drove up to the grass, about 10 feet away from the couple. Four people stumbled out of the vehicle, beer cans falling out. Dean and Cas looked at each other.
Not even two minutes after he sent it, his phone rang, Gabriel's number and photo flashing on the screen.
"It's not entirely your fault. She didn't have to make that comment about not being able to afford the electricity," Cas shook his head. "I want you to get along with my family, Dean."
Dean did just that. He fastened his pace, pulling louder moans from the omega under him. Cas arched his back off the bed, head thrown back as Dean startled hitting that bundle of nerves that makes him sees stars.
"Um, I think I'm mostly scared," Cas declared. "I just feel like it's a little overwhelming knowing I'm going to be taking care of a little human."
It wasn't until Dean moved down to kiss at Cas' neck that the Novak started feeling like this was about to go further. Cas' heart was beating so fast and hard, he could feel it in his ears.
If it didn't already smell of omega arousal, it sure as hell did now. Dean reached down to squeeze Cas' ass, finding the fabric of his panties soaked. That sweet smell of Cas was doing things to him. He needed to taste it again. Before he could move down to lick Cas' hole, the omega rolled them over so he was on top. He started kissing his way down Dean's body, all while looking up at Dean with those beautiful, blue eyes.
With that, the beta student walked out, leaving the nurse to tend to paperwork at her desk as Cas leaned all the way back in the chair, trying to feel the cool air coming from the open window.
The omega grabbed the other controller as Dean started a new race. They played, both of their competitive sides coming out. Cas was in 2nd place while Dean was in 5th. Cas laughed as he glanced at Dean making a concentrated face, tongue sticking out.
"I know, but it's just hard not to think about what your mom said. She made some good points. Maybe you should find a better alpha."
"You don't listen to me either! I have to keep reminding you of the smallest things. It's a two way street, Cas," Dean growled back, standing up to look down at the omega.
Cas hugged Dean back tightly, burying his face in the older Winchester's chest, smelling the leather, oak, and apples of Dean's scent. "Sam was the only one that knew about our relationship. I was afraid that my family would find out."
Dean chuckled. "I'll get you another pair like that. Come here." He picked Cas up, putting him over the alpha's shoulder.
Cas turned on his side, grabbing for Dean, but the alpha's side of the bed was cold. He sat up, rubbing his eyes before padding to the kitchen, finding a post-it note.
The couple got in the car and started driving. While Dean drove, Cas pulled out his new camera Dean bought him and started messing with the settings.
"That has nothing to do with it," Dean gritted between a clenched jaw. "I just don't like that old way of thinking that dad grew up with."
Dean led them to their bedroom. They got changed into their pjs before laying down. Cas laid his head on Dean's chest, while the alpha watched Tv.
"No, it's okay." Dean chuckled. "You're a rebel. I like that," He joked, putting his last shirt away. He snuck a peak at Cas. He saw Cas' cheeks go pink.
"Where have you been? I've been calling and texting you. Do you know how worried I was?" Dean ranted.
"Is there anything special he needs to do or any medications he should be taking?" Dean asked while Cas signed the paperwork.
"I didn't fight for you or our pup! I ran away like a fucking coward. Alphas are supposed to be strong and protect our families. Why would you even want a weak alpha like me?"
"We're taking a trip to Ellen and Bobby's place. They're hosting this year," Dean said, kissing the omega's hand.
"Gross, mom. Why would you ask that?" Dean shook his head, trying to occupy himself and look through the cabinets.
"You'll just have to wait," Cas said, grabbing his suitcase to start adding what he bought. "Go to the living room or something so I can hide these in my case."
Cas sighed at the feeling of being filled with come. They both stilled, breathing heavily as Dean continued to come inside Cas. Dean tried holding himself up, not wanting to collapse on him.
"Yeah, it's been good," Benny said nonchalantly. "I already got drafted. I'm leaving to the middle east next month."
Dick straightened up, fixing his uniform blazer.  "I was just playing around with this little omega. No harm intended."
The alpha walked back to the kitchen, Cas following. Dean finished the coffee that was in his mug, putting the dirty cup in the sink.
Cas got up from the couch to get a beer from the fridge and walked over to the pup's room. Dean put down the paint roller, wiping his forehead of sweat with the back of his hand, smearing a bit of mint green paint on himself.
"No. If he just takes time to rest and continues taking the prenatal vitamins, he should be good and healthy and so should your pup," the nurse said smiling.
Gabe couldn't help but smile at his little brother. "Well, then let's get going. You don't want to be late."
Dean comforted Cas, rubbing his back soothingly, until he stopped crying. Dean looked down to see that Cas fell asleep on his chest. The alpha chuckled, missing the top of his boyfriend's head.
This is the end for this story. I'm really glad y'all liked this story. I will definitely be making this into a series. I'm not done writing. I have plenty of ideas still, so I hope you guys stick around.
"Oh, really?" Dean questioned, walking to his husband. "You want to waste our first night here sleeping?"
"No, no, no. Of course not, baby boy," the alpha said quickly. "It's just, Benny was kind of making it seem weird. When I was in high school, you were a toddler. I mean, I did kind of brag that I get to fuck a twink everyday, which is so fucking hot, but I just wanted to make sure you didn't think this whole arrangement was weird."
Also, I'm sorry my writing sucks. I just like writing and the story in my head just doesn't seem to come out on paper very well. But thank you for reading.
"Well, since it seems like you got your blood all over the vegetables," Dean joked. "I'm guessing we should do take out?"
As Dean reached his car, he heard his name being called. He turned around to see Cas' older alpha brother, Michael, walking up the driveway.
Cas' nose was slammed with an amazing smell. Like oak, leather, and sun. It reminded him of sitting in a field on a breezy, summer day.
The omega wasn't sure if it was the alcohol, but he was really starting to like Gadreel. Cas wasn't sure about this date to begin with, but now maybe he should have done it sooner.
"I'm sorry," Dean apologized, squeezing Cas' hand. "Hey, why don't you give me hints about the stuff you bought," he changed the subject.
They quickly shed themselves of their clothes, touching and kissing different parts of each other's body. They moved up on the bed together, still kissing.
Cas followed the principal to her office. She closed the door behind him, going to her desk to sit at her chair, motioning for Cas to take a seat on the other side of her desk.
"That sounds great. I'll see you then. Thanks again, Tessa," Dean said before hanging up the phone. He looked back at Cas. "We're gonna have our own apartment."
Cas turned from placing his last picture on his desk. "When you get off the elevator on the first floor, go to your right and it's the second door on the left."
"We all pitched in to buy you tickets to France. Mom and dad paid the difference," Michael explained.
"It's hard at times, but I just have to remember she's paying for most of the wedding. She has horrible taste though."
Cas stifled his laughter in Dean's chest, cuddling closer to him. The alpha rested his chin on the omega's head, rubbing his back.
"What are you? A child?" The omega rolled his eyes. "Goodnight, Sam," he told the younger Winchester, grabbing his sketchbook.
"I was joking," Dean said. "I mean, I was joking about the taking photos thing. Not the part about you being cute," Dean rambled. "I'm sorry. That was kind of blunt."
"Oh, I'm sure he'll be more than happy," Dean retorted. "He'll use that as a way to get closer to you. Maybe he'll even try to kiss you again."
Cas could only breathe out moans and curses as a response. He felt himself getting close. He grabbed at the top of the couch behind Dean's head for stability. His thighs were burning like hell, but it was really worth it.
Gabriel was the only one that knew Cas was gay. Cas didn't have the guts to tell Michael, Lucifer, or their dad. Gabe was Cas' favorite brother, so it didn't take him long after realizing he was gay to tell his older brother.
Since the cafeteria was almost empty, they had their pick of tables. Once they got their dinner, Cas led them to a booth away from the people that were there.
As Cas was finishing putting a homemade lasagna in the oven, Dean was at the store, grabbing a few things. With a sigh of relief, Cas set the timer on the oven and went to the kitchen island, where he left his laptop, to type a few more paragraphs of his essay, pushing his reading glasses higher on the bridge of his nose.
After finishing notes for the class, the bell rang for the end of the day. The students grabbed their stuff and pushed each other to get out the door.
The family ate and discussed the future wedding plans. Dean and Cas were all smiles. Cas was filled with happiness. He was engaged to the most wonderful alpha and surrounded by his second family.
"Drafting," Gadreel answered. "Mostly architecture. I used to always draw buildings, cities, basically anything that caught my interest. My dad is an engineer and he always talked about working with drafters. He thought it would be a good field for me to major in."
"Oh my god," Cas gasped when he walked out of the bedroom, looking at the living room where his brother was setting up. "Gabriel, I think you over did it with the penis decorations."
"And Meg used to be Charlie's roommate our freshman year. She has her bad side, but she can also be nice," Cas added.
They both stilled when they heard crying coming from the baby monitor Gilda had beside her. They looked at each other, tiny flecks of panic going across their faces. Dean turned the game off, standing from the couch, Cas following suit.
The mattress squeaked with every thrust Dean made, the headboard hitting the wall. Both of their moans filled the room and the scent of the alpha and omega mixed together perfectly.
"By Monday, we're gonna own a new apartment to raise our pup in." Dean kissed the top of the omega's head, rubbing his back.
"I've like you for a long time, Dean. And after finally seeing you after over a year, I just had to go for it and spill my guts." Cas looked down, embarrassed at how much of a loser he sounded like.
"We don't know. You'll have to wait," the nurse said. "Just take a seat and fill out the paperwork."
"Good morning, sweetie. How did you sleep? Did you get settled in okay?" Ellen asked, cup of coffee in her hands.
Both of them were still, trying to catch their breath. Before Dean collapsed on top of Cas, he laid them on their sides, pulling the covers over them. Cas kept a leg and arm wrapped around Dean, resting his head on the alpha's broad chest.
Dean stood up, carrying Cas towards their room. The alpha lowered Cas onto the bed softly before he undressed to his boxer briefs and went to lay next to his fiance. Cas cuddled up next to Dean, putting his head on the Winchester's warm chest while Dean pulled the comforter on top of them. It didn't take long for both of them to drift off to sleep now that they were back together after a painful, sleepless night apart.
Cas bent over the bed with his feet still on the floor, wiggling his ass at his boyfriend. Dean cursed when he saw how sexy Cas looked bent over, presenting to him.
When Dean finally started fingering Cas' slick hole, the omega felt relief of feeling filled, but he wanted more. He pushed back on Dean's fingers, they pushed on the right spot to make Cas throw his head back and moan loudly.
Footsteps sounded in Jack's bedroom, letting Cas know Claire was there. Jack held onto Cas, starting to giggle as he heard his sister call his name.
Slowly kissing his way up, Dean stopped when got to Cas' head. The alpha pushed one finger in the omega's slick covered hole, pumping the digit in and out. It wasn't long until he added a second finger.
The omega turned and was about to run back up stairs, but paused when he heard Dean pleading, his voice wavering as he tried to hold back his tears.
The alpha's phone went off next to him. He grabbed the phone to see who it was. It was a text from Charlie.
After a few minutes of waving his hand around like a tourist trying to hail a cab in New York, a bartender looked his way. Cas ordered six beers for him and his friends.
After a couple of hours of talking and eating dessert, Cas and Dean decided to leave. The pregnant omega hugged his family, happy they were coming around to the idea of Dean and him getting married. Dean on the other hand wasn't buying it. He still felt the coldness coming from Cas' parents.
"I heard what he had to say. That doesn't mean I forgive him, but it at least made me feel a little better knowing why he left."
"Hey, I get that," Gadreel sympathized. "How about this? When you're ready to get back out there, you can give me a call."
The alpha went to kiss Cas again, but pulled away. "That new birth control makes your scent smell like medicine."
The second a person moved away, Cas took their place. He tried his damnedest to get one of the bartenders to notice him.
Cas rolled his eyes, shutting the alpha up by kissing him. "You really need to learn how to stop rambling on like an idiot."
After what seemed like forever, a video was sent to Dean. The alpha waited till he didn't hear any noise in the restroom before playing the video. Cas was seen pushing the plug in and out of his hole. A very soft moan was heard. The sound of talking, the water faucet, and footsteps from the high school restroom drowned out Cas in the video.
"We got the investor to invest in the company so we're gonna expand. You'll be sleeping with a manager of a brand new shop."
The alpha liked the way Cas was looking at him. A mix between amazement, intimidation, and arousal. Then again, that could be the alcohol.
"No, I don't think that'll help, sweetheart." Dean chuckled. "You two go. Have fun. I'll still be here."
"You can't honestly believe her, right? She's a crazy bitch!" Cas raised his voice, starting to pace the floor.
Dean sighed. "It's just my ex. I don't know how she got my number or who told her about the wedding, but she keeps texting me."
Cas fell backwards into the fluffy bed while Dean put their suitcases aside. The alpha chuckled at his boyfriend's excitement.
"You like that, baby?" Dean breathed out, his fingertips digging into Cas' hips as he held him. "You like when I fuck you with my big alpha cock?"
"Good morning, alpha," Cas replied, putting the stuff he needed on the counter. "What have we talked about?"
"I know mom came over and made her peace," Michael started. "So dad and her want to see you for Christmas. You can bring Dean, even if we don't particularly approve, but we'll make it work."
Cas sat her on his lap and offered her some potatoes from his plate. Claire graciously took the bite, smiling up at Cas while she chewed.
Cas tucked a strand of hair behind his daughters ear and kissed her forehead before getting up quietly to leave her to sleep. He softly closed the door and turned around to go to his room but was startled by Gabriel standing there.
"If you don't stop now, this is going to be over way sooner than either of us want," Dean said, trying to regain his breath.
"My first born is moving into his new apartment with his beautiful boyfriend," Mary said on the verge of tears.
"I know, but if Dick knows he got to you, it'll make things worse," Sam told him. "Come on. Let's get to class."
"I don't know," Cas scoffed. "I thought you meant like staying in a cabin or even a camper or something. Not a tent on the ground."
Charlie, Benny, and Garth were new friends of Dean and Cas. Dean met Benny when he got on the football team and he met Charlie in 5th period. Garth found out Cas was new to the school and they quickly became friends.
Dean couldn't help but chuckle at the couple, setting the food down on the coffee table. Cas and Dean sat on the love seat across from the couch Gilda was currently slouched on, dark circles under her eyes as well. Charlie went to get plates and glasses from the kitchen before returning to sit next to her mate.
"You're right," Cas agreed, smiling and grabbing Dean's hand. "It's weird to say it was a blessing, but you're right."
Dean's knot was so close to catching. He continued pounding Cas' ass harshly, not giving two fucks about how tired he was. All his brain could focus on was how amazing Cas felt, tightening around his cock, sending waves of pleasure crashing into him.
Castiel Novak, along with his 6 siblings, moved into the house next to the Winchester's when they were younger. John and Mary tried to befriend the Novak parents, but Cas' alpha mother and father were always working and not too friendly.
"Listen, omega," Dick started, pressing Cas into the locker with one hand on his chest. "I'm real close to taking what I want. But, you know, I'm a nice guy. I don't want it to come to that."
Dean looked around their apartment to find something to hide the paper, but came up with nothing. He spotted the Chewbaca cookie jar Cas bought for them and got an idea. The alpha grabbed the paperwork, folding it to stuff in the empty cookie jar.
"It wasn't completely on the mouth. It was kinda on the cheek," Cas added quickly. "I'm so sorry, Dean. It was a quick peck. It was basically nothing."
Finally, the alpha has the perfect life. Married and mated to a gorgeous omega that is his, a beautiful daughter that is growing up so quick; a family he always wanted. All his future plans were falling in place. He started thinking about buying a new house, having pups running around while Cas is pregnant, walking Claire down the aisle, meeting Cas and his grandchildren, growing old with his omega.
Dean kneeled down, pulling Cas' cheeks apart, revealing the blue crystal plug he was wearing. Dean slowly pulled it out, watching the omega's hole dialate around it. He dropped it to the floor before diving in to get a taste of his mate's sweet slick.
The couple arrived back at the empty Winchester house. As soon as Cas walked in, he ran upstairs to Dean's room, taking his school blazer off in frustration. He sat on the bed with a big sigh.
"Yeah, yeah." Sam rolled his eyes. "Why don't you just ask Cas out already? You always talk about him."
Dean ran a thumb across Cas' bottom lip before leaning in to kiss the omega passionately. The kiss was filled with emotion and indescribable love. They stayed there, mapping each other's mouths. It didn't get heated. It stayed soft and sensual.
Once Dean started thrusting slowly but harshly, Cas couldn't stop moaning. The young Novak was riding on the wave of pleasure that he felt, Dean hitting the right spot with every thrust.
"You're not supposed to get tied down at 18. You're supposed to have fun through high school and college. Experiment with relationships. Go through heartbreak and love. Maybe I just stole that from you." Dean's voice broke.
Not too much later, there was a knock on the door. Cas quickly fixed his clothes and hair, which wasn't cooperating. He grabbed his phone and ran downstairs. He was hoping to get to the door before one of his siblings. Luckily, everyone was in the living room watching an animated movie with Claire.
The omega got up and starting trudging back to his dorm. Everyone was telling him to move on, and he wanted to believe he should, but his past is holding him back. Maybe he should just go with his gut. Besides, he's out of his mom's grip. Well, the grip was loosened when he moved in with Gabriel.
"I don't know," Dean shrugged, pulling away, wiping a stray tear that fell. "All I know is that they're running some tests."
Dean cleared his throat, fixed his hair, and checked his breath. He rang the doorbell to the Novak house, nervously shifting his feet. The door opened and Dean's heart skipped a beat.
Cas nodded and went to find his mother. When he saw her talking to a female alpha and a female beta, he went over and pulled her into the kitchen.
"You're getting bigger," Gabriel said, pulling away from the hug to see the baby bump his brother was sporting.
"Thank you," the omega said before continuing. "I've known Charlie since she moved in next door when we were about 5."
Surprisingly, Dean quickly made friends with Charlie, which Anna tried not to like, but both of them were nerds, so she didn't bother saying anything. All of Cas' siblings were still skeptical. They didn't want to put their guards down, especially Gabriel. He never liked Dean.
Gabriel was satisfied with that answer. He was just glad his youngest brother was happy and at least had a good first day. God knows Gabriel has been hoping for Cas to come home from school with a smile.
The alpha chuckled, kissing Cas' temple. Cas leaned into Dean, taking bites of the pie in front of him.
Sorry for taking so long to update. I hope you all like this chapter. I haven't been feeling myself lately so I don't know if I made the chapter very good. Anyway, enjoy!
Castiel slowly got up with his binder and started walking to his locker, ignoring the rambunctious other uniformed kids running the halls.
Dean watched Cas walk away. Did he upset Cas? What did he say to get Cas upset? Maybe it was about having another kid. Cas always dismissed the subject when Dean talked about it. The omega did say he wanted to give Dean a big family. Maybe he's just really not ready to talk about it.
"Oh, really? I'm sorry to hear that." Dean crossed his arms. "I guess the guy you cheated on me with wasn't much of a loyal alpha."
"Well, I took French in high school and since my grandmother is Russian, she taught me how to speak it, but I'm not quite that fluent."
Sparks and shivers ran down Cas' back at Dean's gruff, commanding voice, almost cumming instantly, but he had enough control. Not a lot, but enough.
With Cas' eagerness, Dean added a second finger, thrusting it in and out before soon adding a third. Slick was dripping down the back of Cas' thighs, covering Dean's fingers.
Cas' eyes started tearing up. "Thank you. I really appreciate it. I'm glad I have all of you that actually accepts me and treats me nicely."
The omega smiled, kissing Dean roughly, lifting his hips and grabbing behind him for Dean's cock, slowly sinking down.
The omega heard Dean walking to the bathroom. The door opened revealing the alpha, who was wearin grease stained clothes. Cas smiled, rolling his eyes playfully.
When he got to Charlie's door, he could hear loud moaning coming from the other side of the door. The grossed out omega turned away, not wanting to know what was going on.
"Come on, omega. I know you still have feelings for me. Just admit it. We were pretty hot for each other when we were dating," Dick said, pushing closer to Cas.
Cas groaned, walking to the closet to get the other pair. He put them on, feeling defeated. Dean chuckled at the omega's attitude.
"Look, Cas," Dean said, making the omega look at him. "We'll figure this out. This might be a bump in the road, but we'll get through it. You're not ruining anything for me, sweetheart."
After getting to the reception, Dean and Cas walked hand in hand through the double doors. Almost everyone was there, seated at their table or dancing to the live band.
Dean spooned up behind Cas, his and the omega's hands on Cas' stomach. Cas sighed contently, melting in the warmth of Dean behind him.
They got to the parking garage and Dean helped Cas in the passenger side, throwing the duffel bag in the back seat before getting in the car himself.
Cas pushed Dean back on his bed, climbing back on top of him. Cas pulled his shirt off, throwing it to the floor.
"Jesus christ," Cas sighed. "Dean Winchester, I swear, if you don't start driving like a normal, sane person, I will be the one to drive us home."
The five year old was looking through every nook and cranny she could find while Jack double checked her work. The three of them searched high and low.
"Um, so I wanted to thank everyone for coming," Dean started. "Cas and I are really glad you all were here to see us get married. I know this is going to be cheesy, but this has been one of the best days of my life."
"How the fuck am I supposed to know? It's not like I did it on purpose." Cas collapsed on his bed and started crying more.
"Yeah, you're telling me," Cas affirmed, running a hand through his messy hair. "I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I'm scared, Dean. What if he hurts the pup too?"
Cas shoved Dick with as much strength he had, barely getting the alpha to move. The omega rushed towards the door, only to get pushed up against the closest wall and pinned there.
"Hey, baby boy," Dean greeted, leaning against the frame of the door. "You look so goddamn beautiful."
The room was quiet. Naomi and Chuck along with Michael and Lucifer were speechless. Gabriel congratulated them while Hannah and Samandrial asked questions about wedding stuff.
"Maybe I am a zombie," Dean said, grabbing Cas from behind, holding him. "I do love eating you. Or a specific part of you that is."
"Here she is," an omega nurse said, walking over to them with a pink bundle in her arms, handing her over to Dean. "Congrats, new daddy."
"No, he didn't. You know why? Because I came on to him. I'm the one that went over to his house and begged him to fuck me because I liked him. No, I loved him. I have for the longest time. He didn't take advantage of me. If anything, I took advantage of him. And I loved every second of it."
The omega nodded, leaning up to kiss Dean before the alpha walked into the auditorium. Cas turned back to his friends and chatted until the vice principal lined everyone up in alphabetical order.
"It's not going to happen. He's changed. I can see it. He's not that 18 year old that left me. He matured. I know he's going to stick around."
Dean kissed and licked at Cas' neck where his mating mark would go. That alone made Cas submit and whimper. The omega in Cas wanted, begged, for Dean to bite him, but Dean knew Cas wanted to wait till they are married. The alpha just kissed his way up to Cas' lips, kissing him softly.
After both of them finished eating, Cas decided to curl up on the couch, his head on Dean's lap. The alpha left it on a channel that was showing an Alien movie marathon.
Cas laughed. "That is a good name, but I was thinking more of Natalie for a girl and Mark for a boy."
"You okay, sweetheart?" Dean asked, his voice soft and raspy, as he ran his fingers through the omega's hair.
"I'll go," Dean offered. "I need to get away from these two lovebirds. They've been scenting each other the whole time."
The couple left their neighbor and headed to the car garage. Cas got in Dean's car quickly, the alpha not far behind.
Dean gave in and pushed two fingers in next to his tongue making Cas moan out a string of curses. The alpha slowly stretched Cas' hole, not that it needed much prepping. Dean would never fail to get Cas dripping wet and pliant and just sink his hard length into that waiting, warm, slick hole.
The alpha grabbed the pack of cigarettes he hid behind the little pot of daisies Cas planted. He lit it, taking a long satisfying drag. He leaned over the railing, blowing the smoke out, tapping the ashes over the rail.
"I love you, Dean Winchester," Cas breathed out as they were grinding against each other, tasting each other's mouths.
"Well, I like being around you. I couldn't say no." Dean paused, looking away from Cas. He cleared his throat. "You said 'new mate.' You had a mate before? It's kind of hard to break a bond like that."
"I found out my boyfriend was cheating on me. He broke up with me over text," Cas said, his tears slowly coming to a stop.
"I, uh, weren't you just asleep a second ago?" Dean was confused, especially with all the blood in another place.
"Get out," Naomi said, the words coming out breathlessly. She dropped her silverware, it clanked with the China they were using. She stood up from her chair, pointing at the door. "Get out!"
"What if he hurt our pup? It would have been my fault. I was too much of a fucking coward to say anything," Cas cried out.
"Yes, me," Dean said, rolling his eyes. "After what happened to Cas at school, we just want to be ready, better prepared. You know?"
"I'm 18," Cas answered, getting annoyed at the attempt of flirting from the old man. "Is there something I can help you with?"
"I don't know about that," Dean admitted. "A good alpha would have a better job and actually be able to buy everything."
All day was filled with fun; dress up, tea parties, coloring, tag outside. The kids were overjoyed with having their parents home and playing games.
They all sat around the living room while Chuck said a prayer. All the Novaks were used to all the prayers. Cas' family was very religious. Dean on the otherhand wasn't as much, but he still sat holding hands with Cas listening to his soon to be father-in-law.
Dean sighs and turns toward Cas, swinging his legs over the bedside. He settles his elbows on his knees, hunching forward. “I don’t remember,” he mutters to his feet.
Kevin goes back to his scribbling, and Dean inches closer, curious, but a low harrumph from Kevin has him taking a step back.
Dean shakes his head and smiles. “Attagirl.” He takes a long drink, enough to clear the neck, and savors the bitter hoppy flavor on his tongue. It’s a damn sight better than the swill he’s had with Bobby. Or whatever the fuck Stella Artois is.
Dean clenches his jaw and takes an unsteady step forward. “‘The other angel,’” he repeats. “‘The one in the dirty trench coat who’s—’” Dean’s jaw clamps shut, teeth digging into his tongue, but he presses onwards, “... ‘who’s in love with you.’ That’s—” he runs his tongue over his lips, though his mouth has gone dry, “—that’s how Balthazar described you to me.”
Ellen gives an inscrutable hum, then slides the glasses off the bar and into the sink, spinning the rusted chrome spigot. Dean watches the water pour from the spout, wondering idly if it’s holy.
More often than not, Dean’s afterlife feels much like his before-life: stumbling buzzed and ill-prepared from set piece to set piece, shoulders at his ears and a tension headache waiting for its cue.
It’s another stupid question, and Kevin clocks it quick. He sighs a dry laugh and snaps the book shut.
Dean gives a crooked smile and steps over the threshold, scraping his feet against the bristly welcome mat.
Dean swallows and drops his chin to his chest. It’s honest enough - more honest than he had intended to be, really. Fleetingly, he wishes he could remember how to lie to Sam - as if any good had ever come of that.
Dean breathes out a sigh and approaches, grabbing the rod as he sidles onto the seat. He hunches forward and clutches at the grip, thumb fiddling with the reel. His stinging eyes trace the line up the pole and back down, the weight of John’s stare pressing on his shoulders.
Dean feels his jaw go slack, eyebrows climbing toward his forehead. He remembers Sammy’s dorky astronomy phase when they were kids, how he’d inundated Dean with silly Snapple-cap facts - like the precise length of an astronomical unit, or the eight thousand mile diameter of the earth.
,” John repeats. He blinks hard, and a few errant tears spill over. Dean tracks them, wide-eyed, as they trail down John’s ruddy cheeks, disappearing into the wisps of his beard.
He’d touched the flame to the vessel’s handle and watched it alight. The girl had burned in white flames, with a wide, rapturous smile.
Dean’s eyelids flutter, head shaking in a recursive twitch. His mouth has gone dry, tongue sticking to the backs of his teeth as he grunts out, “Thirty-
Cas’ shoulders rise, and the winged shadows along with them. He hunches forward, knees bending slightly. Ready for takeoff.
Bobby peers over at him, frowning, then he peeks his head out from under the awning, casting his gaze inexplicably skyward. Dean follows his eyes to the clear blue sky and winces at the overbright sun. He looks away, spots dancing on his retina, and finds Bobby staring at him, eyes sharp and speculative.
- had been out of this world; crunchy and greasy, sour and salty, and drenched in sauce hot enough to make his eyes water.
Sam glances up at him briefly and gives a tilted nod. “She’s good,” he says, then breathes a resigned laugh. “She, uh,” he shakes his head, floppy hair bouncing around his ears. “She’s thinking about joining the Arch.”
Dean knocks back the rest of his beer in a thick swallow and sets his little cardboard coaster on the rim. “Heya.”
Charlie puffs her cheeks out and her eyes dart side to side. For a second, she looks like she might try to stick to her guns, but she blows out a sigh instead. “Okay,” she concedes. “Maybe ‘let’ isn’t the right word.”
Dean supposes he should’ve expected that; it’s not like it isn’t the first question everyone asks. Not like he didn’t just ask Cas himself.
Sam sighs deep and scratches at the back of his head, mussing his hair. “I don’t know,” he shrugs. “Wasn’t the same. It was just... bumps and bruises, spilling salt all over the dash, and...” He chews on his lip for a second before glancing over at Dean. “It just made me miss you.”
Stupid, really; it’s not like he doesn’t know how Cas feels. He’d known it when Cas had first said the words - bloodied and weeping, walking the plank. He’d known it when Cas had returned from the Void - pale and thin, with fragile bones and sunken eyes. He’d known it five days ago, when Cas had murmured
Dean shifts over, his foot upending an empty beer bottle he doesn’t remember drinking. It rolls an inch or two and promptly disappears. He arches a brow; no littering past the pearly gates, apparently. He juts his chin toward the empty space at his side and grunts, “Pop a squat.”
It’s an odd question - neither Dean nor Bobby go in much for small talk - and Bobby clocks it quick. He raises an eyebrow, leveling Dean with A Look, but something in Dean’s face gives him pause.
Dean glances towards the window, casting his eyes out to the distant mountain - jutting up from the ground, imposing and unscalable like a border wall.
“Hey,” Charlie demurs, “you don’t get to say anything about cartoon porn, I’ve seen your browser history.” Dean rolls his eyes even as his face warms, but doesn’t offer a defense.
Cas turns sharply, and his book drops onto the table with a dull thud. Dean’s caught him by surprise, he realizes; though he supposes that makes sense - he’s caught himself by surprise as well. Not a moment ago he’d been stood in his modest kitchen, rifling through the cabinets in search of something he can’t remember, when a thought occurred.
Sam had undersold it. It wasn’t just miles of hayfields, it was a seemingly endless expanse of yellow and gold, trembling under the wind. In Heaven’s perfect visibility, there was no skyline at all - just the ever-reaching stretch of dry pastures, tapering off into the sky a thousand miles out.
A beat passes before Bobby blows out a sigh and smacks his tumbler onto the tabletop with an audible thunk. “Out with it.”
Sam’s shoulder bumps Dean’s as he hoists himself to his feet. Dean glances up at him, eyes squinted against the spots of light shining through the leaves overhead.
“Ya know,” he grumbles, taking another short step. “I been sittin’ around up here, doin’—” he glances down at his feet and huffs a bitter laugh, “—jack shit.
There was a brief period in his youth (though at the time, it seemed unending), when Dean was entirely mute. He doesn’t remember much of it - only flashes of emotion and vague imagery. The teary-eyed frustration as his mouth shaped the words, the breath evaporating in his throat. John’s hands - callused and clammy - clutching at his shoulders, blue-bagged eyes begging him to speak. The fingers had pressed nearly hard enough to bruise, the breath on Dean’s face sour and fermented.
It’s almost funny, really. Turns out living in the Happiest Place Not on Earth hasn’t changed Dean much; he still divides his time evenly between
Dean smirks down at the sheets, sweat-damp and tangled near his feet, then swings his legs over the side of the bed. He hoists himself upright - ankles cracking, knees creaking - and his spine gives a resounding pop. He’s sore in some unusual places, and there are clusters of light bruises low on his thighs. He huffs an off-color laugh under his breath.
The omega put the bin down, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. "Fuck," he breathed out, holding his stomach.
Dean would constantly find Cas in the pup's room rearranging everything, never satisfied at how the nursery looked. The alpha would always hold him, telling him that everything was going to okay, that there was no need to panic. Dean was scared too, but he was better at hiding it. He needed to be strong for the omega.
Cas smiled, tears clouding his vision. He kneeled down, cradling Claire's face. "You are too mature for your age, you know that? I promise when I get home, I'll tell you why I'm so nervous. Okay?"
"You always know how to make me feel better," Cas said, kissing Dean's cheek. "And thank you for the muffins. They're the perfect treat."
Cas pushed Dean back on their bed, climbing on top of him. The pregnant omega pressed his lips to Dean's, letting Dean know to open his mouth and kiss back. Cas loved that Dean was an amazing kisser.
A waiter walked over, smiling. "Hello. I'll be your waiter for this evening. Can I start you off with something to drink?"
"Maybe after having the pup, we should join a gym. I can lose a few pounds myself. You're taking care of me too much. Your food is so good."
Dean felt his knot start catching. He kissed at Cas' neck, breathlessly moaning in Cas' ear. Cas came in between both of them, his orgasm coursing through every inch of his body. The alpha couldn't last any longer, his knot finally catching, coming in spurts inside the omega.
"Dean," Cas sighed. "I know what you think of my parents, but they told me they're going to be busy."
Cas let out a long breath, flopping down on his bed. He grabbed his cell phone and texted Gabriel that he was settled in and fine.
"Thanks for driving me, daddy," Cas grabbed his backpack and was getting ready to give Dean a goodbye kiss.
"Well....," Cas trailed off. "There's another option, but I don't think you're going to like it very much."
It wasn't going last much longer and Dean knew that. The way Cas was moaning out little "uh, uh, uh," as Dean fucked him and tightening around his cock, made it known Cas was close. The alpha could already feel his knot swelling.
The omega's group of friends waited for Dean to walk away before they started bombarding him with questions.
