How poetic.
And it probably says something about his current state that the first thing to cross his mind when he crests the landing of 221B is the petrol-soaked bonfire blazing before Saint James the Less.
“I’ve been better,” he replies, and traces the striation across his scar.
“Very well,” he says, stoicism belying the brimming thrill. “Shall we get started, then?”
“Oh, I’m sure.”
After a moment of fumbling for his keys (and Sherlock taking Rosie’s bag), John shows him in. It hasn’t changed much since Sherlock saw it last: minimal, functional, open, clean. The hardwood floors are spotless beneath his mud-touched shoes, so he shucks them off at the rug by the doorway before he proceeds. John mimics him as he locks the door, swapping a sleepy yet grumpy Rosie from one arm to the other, and then crosses the room to head upstairs.
It’s casual, his posture, with his bad shoulder fitted up against the jamb. John’s features are warm, serene; soft crinkles adorn the corner of each eye, his mouth stretched in a languid smile. Something unmistakably fond imbues every slope, every line, every edge, and it accentuates just how aesthetically pleasing John is, how wonderful and attractive and
“Mm, no. Don’t believe that. You can barely stand to be in the same room as Mycroft let alone spend an entire night in the same house. Er, recent brotherly bonding aside.”
“Look there,” he says, and twists about so that John slides into her view. “Do you see? Daddy’s back, just as I said. Told you he wouldn’t leave without saying goodbye. All the fuss was for naught, hm? Yes, he did take a very long time, didn’t he? No, he’s just like that sometimes. It’s sort of a recurring thing. Let’s go tell him how displeased we are, shall we?”
“Good.” John licks at his lower lip and averts his gaze toward the kitchen. “Right, then. Well, bathroom’s upstairs if you want a shower. I’m going to have one. Don’t exactly want to go to bed reeking of old well water. We’ve got only two rooms, mine and Rosie’s, but—”
Whether their collective silence is out of respect for the dead or out of sheer disbelief, he doesn’t know, but a part of him wishes someone would talk, wishes someone,
At a quarter past eight, John and Rosie had arrived on the kerb outside Baker Street, weighed down by, in Sherlock’s opinion, far too many bags. Sherlock had stepped down to help carry them in, continuing to marvel at the sheer absurdity of a person who is sized roughly ten percent that of an adult requiring the equivalent of an entire bloody bedroom stuffed into three overlarge bags.
and it’s—well. It’s also home.
—exactly when and where I was going to look for another therapist, and exactly who I would choose. Just like you. Imagine that, eh? Anticipating everything a person does before they even do it.” His fingers tap absent patterns upon the armrests. “Definitely a family trait.”
“You’re thinking of going back to Baker Street,” says John, ever perceptive. “You are, aren’t you?”
Sherlock says nothing because he can think of nothing to say.
A faint crinkle of amusement flanks John’s eyes. “Will do.”
Sherlock continues to rub his fingers, eyes fixed on the remnants of his violin. “No,” he says. “At least not today. I think that’s something I’m still… processing.”
“No, it is the last.” John’s grip on his fork tightens. His voice is low, controlled, Captain Watson shining through. “It is. It needs to be. I don’t—I don’t want to do that again. Okay? I don’t want to be the one giving you a black eye or a bloody nose or bruised ribs. I don’t. That’s not something friends do. You can say it’s all fine, but it’s not. What I did was not fine. It will never be fine. I should be—God, if anyone ever had you on the floor like that, I’d be throttling them. But instead I’m the one who put you there.”
He turns his attention back to John. The data before him now is much clearer than it had been a minute ago. John’s posture is stiff; his shoulders press against the chair’s cushioned back, albeit uncomfortably. He must have been sitting there for quite some time, Sherlock thinks. Several hours at the very least. Exhaustion brackets his eyes, subtle yet present. John is also dishevelled, but not terribly so: ruffled hair, wrinkled shirt, a day’s growth of blond-auburn stubble.
“Not as much as we could have had,” says Sherlock, crossing the landing to linger at John’s side. “Mycroft has people coming by tomorrow morning. They’ll do most of the heavy lifting.”
When the police car finally pulls up to John’s flat, the childminder is already waiting for them. Rosie is in the crook of her arm, the large bag of her supplies placed on the pavement by her feet. A pair of policemen wait with her, chatting amongst themselves; Greg’s doing, no doubt.
“It is, indeed. Well done.”
And then Mycroft says, “Moriarty.”
, for God’s sake.
“Hardly. I prefer genius. Much more modest. And realistic.” Sherlock smirks up at him. “Are you implying I’m some omnipotent deity?”
“You have a sister.”
John nods, satisfied. “Okay. Good. I won’t be long. Ten minutes at the most. Pyjamas are on the bed. There’s a hanger for your coat as well if you need it. Just pop it on the back of the door.” And then he ascends the stairs once more, fingers skimming up the bannister.
John sits there on the sofa, wholly rapt. His eyes are fixed on the telly, his hands laced together in a tight seam, the rest of him so still and unmoving as if he were too afraid to breathe. A faint smile surfaces in a twitch at the very side of his mouth, something so transient and brief that Sherlock almost thinks he’s imagining it, and then it’s lost in the continued lilt of Mary’s message,
And then Sherlock died.
The liquid is a cold salve. He exhales his relief and leans back into his pillow. Better.
“The texting,” he says, threadbare.
It was a gradual phenomenon at first, as the axis seemed content to inch away at its own leisure, but now it has shifted so that not only is John included, he has become central. John is the nexus, the core, the first and the foremost; John is necessary. He is a constant, a continuum, something that anchors Sherlock to the world in a way he has never experienced. John is an integral feature not unlike the limbic system and its host of inconveniences, and Sherlock would have it no other way.
“No, no. Of course not.” Sherlock flaps a hand toward the door. “Go on. I’ll be here.”
“Right here.” John produces two maroon booklets and an envelope from Sherlock’s black suitcase. “Yours and mine. Also got the boarding passes. Mycroft sent them along.”
“Mm. Can’t say. Been a while since I’ve had nightmares. Though I imagine if this particular ordeal could be called anything at all, ‘nightmare fuel’ would certainly be accurate.”
He straightens his back, squares his shoulders, breathes. There is nothing left to fear.
.” Sherlock spits the name like a curse. “What a rubbish big brother. I assume she mentioned him?”
John’s eyes, pitched a deep sloe by the single set of still-drawn curtains, refuse to lift from the note.
Sherlock frowns. “Sorry, have we strayed from the joking? I thought this was turning out to be a rather good-natured exchange.”
“It won’t be that bad,” says Sherlock. “I’ll simply mention it each time you get cross with me within the next six weeks.”
“Yeah, my sodding therapist. It was quite the exciting session, really. Shame you missed it. Secret sisters, mad disguises. All sorts of manipulative stuff. Not the sort of thing you’d expect when you pop in for a chat.” John clears his throat. “It did get cut a bit short, though. Getting shot by your therapist tends to do that.”
Sherlock hums in the affirmative. “Mycroft offered a car. I told him I’d rather walk.”
He remembers his childhood well enough, but not all of it had been filed correctly; there are sizable gaps due to his own lack of management. Mycroft is a persistent presence through it all, as are Mum and Dad and Redbeard on occasion, but there is a distinct lack of other sibling, which is a more troubling than he would care to admit.
“I have a sister,” he says, and it still sounds strange to his ears, foreign and displaced.
And it’s a rather humbling feeling, he thinks, being wrong. If someone had told him a year and a half ago that he’d find himself so chastened by his own remark, he would have raised an eyebrow and decried it as sentimental nonsense.
Sherlock flattens his hands together, the pressure wonderfully grounding. “As appreciated as your company is in the midst of what is sure to otherwise be a very dull and irritating stay,” he says, “that is not what I’m asking.”
By the time he has hummed through half the nocturne, the synthesis of sound and motion appears to have done its part: Rosie’s sniffles taper off and her whines lessen into quiet. The flat fills with Sherlock’s muffled footfalls upon the carpet and the warm baritone of his voice like gathering raindrops in a crack in the pavement. The room’s ambiance grows gentler, muted, firmly ensconced within familiar walls. The continuous churr of traffic seems miles and miles beyond.
“What? Planning? Seriously?” Anger alchemises into incredulity. “We haven’t even decided if we’re going to take her case!”
“Sherlock, there was no other choice. She didn’t give you one. You know that as well as I do. She controlled every last thing in that godforsaken prison. The only choice you made beyond her control was to—” John balks before the words. He inhales, exhales, swallows.
Then again, facing one’s mortality is rarely done with proper aplomb.
more. She’s the one who gave me the case in the first place.”
Startled, Sherlock takes a moment to study John in the dark.
“Oh, that won’t be for a while yet. I’m not particularly eager to do it again anytime soon. Taking the Tube with a harpoon is inconvenient to say the least.”
With a raised eyebrow, John accepts the note and flips it open. “Ah. So this was your evidence, was it? This is why you were so convinced.”
That was the idea back on the tarmac. By the time the sleek black car carrying John and Mary pulled up, the cocaine cocktail had already begun to work its way through his body; preparation for the long flight ahead. He’d thought if he could just… sink down after his goodbyes, if he could be good and oblivion-bound before the last job he’d ever do, it might make the process a little easier.
“Please do not finish that sentence.”
Mycroft knows.
It’s that Sherlock doesn’t have a life without John.
Which is why when Mary dies to save his life and John leaves—really, truly leaves; no texting, no talking, no emails, no phone calls, no blog comments, no contact at all—Sherlock stands alone in the sitting room of 221B Baker Street long after Mrs Hudson has gone with a memento from John’s late wife in his hands and comes to the unceremonious conclusion that on the day of his resurrection, he had been very, very wrong.
He looks up, catching John’s gaze. “Tell me. Tell me all of it. Leave nothing out.
“Oh, shut up.”
After said three overlarge bags had been deposited onto the sitting room sofa (and John’s much smaller two onto the table), Mrs Hudson had brought up tea and an early morning breakfast, where John had poured milk into the teacups and munched on jam-glossed toast and crispy rashers whilst Rosie made vague gurgles of interest, and Sherlock had, to his own surprise, ate his veggie-stuffed omelette with something rather like relish.
Sherlock notices a distinct kick in his chest. “No. No, here is fine.”
Amidst the sitting room’s stilled silence, Sherlock brings the parcel over to the mantel and lays it between the frame with the bat and the beetles and the old pair of magnifying glasses. Fingers firmly pressed over the disk within, he grabs the pocketknife already jutting from the wood and feels the rigid weight of it balance in his palm. He tightens his grip, lets the blunt metal sides mesh into his heartlines, feels his jaws clench.
“I haven’t, no, but—well. I’m sorry, for what it’s worth. That all this happened.”
Everything under Sherlock’s sternum jerks in a sharp twist. His steps fall backward, ushering distance between himself, John, and Mary. Words clutter pell-mell in his throat, but he can’t seem to sort them into sentences; they swarm and scatter when he tries to pick them apart. His mouth opens, yet air is the only thing that glides through.
“Oh, it’s the harpoon bit that’s inconvenient, is it?”
His right hand slides down from his left, creeping beneath his suit jacket to smooth over the pale grey of his button-down. The cadence under his palm is strong, steady, but it feels heavier now than it ever has, as if the knot of cardiac muscle tissue there had somehow petrified under his skin and left the weight of a sinking fossil in his chest.
And perhaps it is, in a way, but isn’t that to be expected? Whims of the heart are not stoic. They are fierce, selfish, vast. They push at reason and persuade against logic; pathos versus logos, a pendulum in perpetual motion.
“Packed and ready to go. Got all the essentials. Few days’ worth, anyway. Should be enough to go on. Rosie’s stuff from round here’s put away, too, so all we need to do is carry it down.”
God, John is right. How long
An uncomfortable stitch of affection sews itself between the spaces of his ribs. If the light catches John just right, Sherlock thinks he can glimpse the John of five years ago. It’s a bit difficult, like he’s looking through a prism with endless facets composing an irregular shape. The angle is wrong and the light source lacks proper candescence and John is ever the delicate subject, but when the world tilts just so, the earth beneath shifting into perfect balance, the disparate, fractured shards of John just…
Someone in this room must die, he thinks, working his jaw. If I don’t make this choice, Eurus will punish us with something worse.
John expels a sigh and pinches the bridge of his nose. “You’re not intruding. Okay? You have to know that. I’m the one who invited you. If I didn’t want you here, I wouldn’t have offered. And no,” he continues, focussing on the kitchen light, “no, you’re not going to sleep on the sofa. Not… not tonight.”
awful,” says Sherlock, pinning John with an offended glare. “They were perfectly normal for a six-month-old. A little advanced, in fact. She was very good and held onto my hand throughout the entire waltz. Can’t say the same of another Watson I’ve danced with in the past.”
in taunting capitals revealed only under the pale purple of a UV torch—that had been a belated discovery.
Pivoting promptly on his heel, Sherlock steps over to the mantelpiece and swipes the paper folded up by the magnifying glasses. He holds it out to John, expectant, and when John casts him a questioning look, he gives it an encouraging shake.
As he walks, he allows himself to dip back into the muzzy memory, replete with rain and chill and the salty tang of chips. The scene pauses with Faith’s note held in his hands, the tang of extensive spices on its surface and Moriarty’s words scrawled underneath in secret, The Woman Who Is Not Faith poised upon the weary client’s pedestal in the sitting room’s centre.
“I haven’t.”
A year and a half ago, Sherlock had got it wrong. He’d brushed the idea of John’s life aside, deeming it an impossibility—because why would John have a life outside of Sherlock? The proof was in the past. Wherever Sherlock Holmes went, Doctor John Watson followed, and it seemed that nothing, not sleep nor hunger nor meaningless girlfriends could hope to stop him. His existence had been entangled with Sherlock’s to an almost inextricable degree, and that state appeared to be nothing short of permanent.
“Came with today’s post,” says John, turning the little disk sleeve about between his fingers. “It’s got to be her. It’s got to be. When you got yours, it had ‘miss me’ written on the front, right? Like Moriarty?”
When Sherlock emerges from the bathroom freshly washed, dried, and dressed, he crosses the corridor and returns to the bedroom with his discarded clothes. John dozes in the light of the lamp, hands folded over his chest atop the duvet. Sherlock can’t stop the elated swell from twisting behind his sternum, so he masks it by setting his jaw and tucking his shirt, suit jacket, and trousers beneath the laundry basket stand instead.
“There you are,” he says. “Tired at all?”
“Immediately.”
Sherlock casts John a withering look over his laptop screen.
“Missus Hudson won’t mind a guest.”
John elevates it with a long press on the remote. The process is not quite as painful as the coughing. When it reaches an incline of about sixty degrees, John lets the remote down and dips closer with a plastic cup filled with water. He holds it out to Sherlock, and Sherlock snatches it up and gulps it down in three quick swallows.
Well.
I’ll be the judge of that, he doesn’t say.
The blue silk dressing gown comes to mind, smoothed and stored with purpose in his own wardrobe, and Sherlock understands John’s decision at once.
Sherlock narrows his eyes. “Your point?”
“I don’t know,” he says, and it’s—guarded, Sherlock thinks, and a little pained. And that’s normal for the situation, he assumes; it must be. Mary is John’s wife. “But it doesn’t really matter if she is, now, does it? We’re coming whether she’ll be pleased to see us or not. She doesn’t get to keep doing this.”
“Mm. In a way.”
John eases more comfortably into the cushion, hands splayed upon the armrests. “Well, everything started to unravel after that. At first she tried to suggest she’d heard ‘the other one’ from you, but that wasn’t right. I knew it wasn’t and I told her as much because she met you just the once, and that was when Missus Hudson stuffed you in the boot of her car and drove you there. That’s when Eurus said no, she’d met you before—that night you left Baker Street, high off your arse. You got chips with her. She said a mutual friend helped her get in touch with Culverton. He gave her ‘Faith’s original note’, whatever that was.”
He would reply if the words hadn’t snagged back behind his molars.
The murderous look he receives in return makes him retreat.
The next half hour is spent sorting the surviving furniture and salvaging various mementos and miscellanea. Sherlock hauls his beloved leather armchair upright and flips the remaining chair that had been tucked by the table onto its thin legs. John pokes about the scattered clutter that collected by the table, the sofa, the windows, plucking varied items from amongst the rubbish to nest in the crook of his arm. Bookshelves get straightened, the sofa gets dusted, jagged glass gets discarded, and the floor gets a small path swept serpentine down its centre.
But it isn’t.
It is more, and Mycroft understands.
“You are not putting yourself back in hospital just to manipulate your brother.”
“No, it was far more than having me on. Far,
At any other time, in any other place, it might have been a revelation Sherlock would have denied with uncharacteristic vehemence (he is my closest friend; that’s it, that’s all there is, that’s everything; what more do you want me to say?), but at this very moment with the three of them trapped deep within the labyrinthine depths of Sherrinford prison and with no choice but to participate in his sister’s sadistic experiments, it feels a lot like comfort. Like solace. Like relief.
“Yes, yes, I suppose there are better holiday destinations,” he agrees, “but the souks really are quite fascinating and we’ll be meeting your mother there, so Morocco it is. There will be a plane that’ll take us right to her, so we won’t be gone for long. Four days at the very most. Between the two of us, we’ll bring her home, and then you can spend all your time telling her in no uncertain terms exactly how unhappy you are with her decision. I can assure you that there is nothing quite like proper retribution. You’ll come to enjoy it, I think.”
Sherlock folds himself further into his chair and crosses his legs. Bringing his hands together in front of his mouth, he stares at the carpet by John’s shoes and delves through the halls of his mind palace to locate old memories.
“P.S.,” she begins, always with that knowing smile, “I know you two. And if I’m gone, I know what you could become.”
The noise grates at his eardrums in a sharp sort of throb, the sort that would soon scrape into the start of a too-much headache, but Sherlock gets up, folds his laptop shut, and sets it on the floor by his chair. He then stoops to a kneel in front of Rosie and unbuckles her from her booster. After returning another errant toy to its place on her tray, he gently (
If Sherlock is honest, he had preferred the night at the pool.
“The filling part, yes. I’ve no way of knowing exactly what ingredients go in otherwise. The popularity of ginger spice, however, can be inferred from the placement of the cake in the primary case as well as the distinct presence of its advertisement on the shop windows compared to the other flavours.” Sherlock brings another wedge of chocolate to his lips. “Obvious, really.”
And saves him, just like always.
Frustrating. Need more data.
“Erm, yeah, it did,” says John, “but there wasn’t anything special about it. Just your average parcel. No interesting markings, no handwriting. No return address, either. Already checked.”
is it?
Sherlock shrinks back another step, small and exposed and utterly powerless. Adrenaline still threads through his veins, floods his nervous system, adheres tremors to his bones with every systole, and yet all conceivable outlets remain forbidden. He can’t pace, he can’t run, he can’t rock, he can’t shout, he can’t cry. There is so much pulling and pushing within that the writhing plexus of it all leaves him in stagnant deadlock. The Earth has paused on its axis, suspended in a horribly vacant pocket outside the cosmos, and there is nothing he can do to set it right.
John pauses at the bottom and leans against the decorative pillar. He meets Sherlock’s eyes with a weary smile. “All right?”
The realisation properly crashes in with little ceremony: this tiny human is his goddaughter.
“Yep, got it. In the small one there with the chargers. That’ll have to be checked.”
“Oh, don’t give me that. You’ve already started, haven’t you?”
The wavelength is there, shared across a room-length chasm, however brief:
Mycroft says “Moriarty” and “five minutes” and “unsupervised” in the gravest of tones, and everything is upended in a throttling rush. Something in Sherlock stutters, thought processes jamming to a sharp and unceremonious halt, and then it all makes sense, all of it, everything.
“Yes. After everything, I started to think I’d hallucinated it. Faith, the note, the entire encounter. It wouldn’t have accounted for all the things I knew, but I had no other explanation.” He retreats to the kitchen, pops open a drawer by the sink, and grabs the blacklight torch from within. “Not until yesterday.”
“Ugh, don’t let him hear you say that. I really don’t want to deal with his smug…” Sherlock waves a hand, nose crinkled. “Everything.”
No, Sherlock thinks with a tetchy scowl. No, I really don’t.
“Faith,” Sherlock breathes. “She was Faith. Eurus impersonated Faith. That explains it. That explains everything. The roots, the tan, the note, why Faith never remembered.”
“A little. It’s difficult to say.” Sherlock lifts the covers and crawls in. The space beneath is cool against his toes, the duvet heavy and pleasant over him. “I don’t think the hard drive has caught up to the transport quite yet.”
(Home: the place where John is. Always, always where John is. Whether that is 221B Baker Street or a flat in the suburbs or a grotty island prison cell or a nightmare waiting at the bottom of a well, home will always be where John is.)
After a few more minutes, John comes back down the stairs. The floorboards put up the occasional protest beneath his footfalls as his left hand glides down the bannister. From the curve of his neck to the cant of his shoulders to the weight of his steps, the whole of his body language reads downright knackered.
“I do get those on occasion.”
It’s here. It’s right here in this rather smoked flat with John by his side. Really, where else would it be?
John glances up from the page, a firm pleat in his brow. “No. It can’t be. You don’t think he’s—?”
There is so much to be done. It will take time and research and careful planning, of course, just as everything always does, but if Mary wishes him to walk through hell’s gates to save John, then that is what he’ll do. If it will grant him a chance to uphold his vow, to redeem himself, that is what he’ll do. If it will let him enter John’s life again, that is what he’ll do.
John isn’t deterred. “What about you?”
“Yes, there’s that,” says Sherlock. “Quite the list, hm?”
It’s a good while longer before sleep lays claim to Sherlock’s consciousness, but by then he is comfortable and warm, skimming the hypnagogic edge of wakefulness and slumber where a fresh five-years-ago John talks and laughs and follows without a care. It isn’t either of the Johns who inhabit the long corridors of his mind palace, but rather the John he sees in glimpses and fragments when the sunbeams shimmer just right.
“Well,” says Mycroft, hands climbing up to his collar, his tie, smoothing and straightening, an adjustment most prim, and Sherlock can’t help but smile, “I suppose there is a heart somewhere inside me. I don’t imagine it’s much of a target, but… why don’t we try for that?”
I’m so very sorry it wasn’t.
Sherlock affords him a sceptical look.
Will they forgive him for Mycroft’s death? Or will they blame Eurus for pitting their children against one another, for requiring that one person in this room must die? Will they care at all that John is too horribly willing to perish in Mycroft’s stead? Will they care that Sherlock cannot physically make himself murder John, that the thought of murdering Mycroft is somehow more plausible than utter implausibility of murdering either of them?
Because as cross and grief-ridden as John had been, he’d still recognised Sherlock’s clues and sought him out at Culverton Smith’s hospital, and that is significant. John is here—tired and grieving, but still here—which means that despite the exhaustion and the anger and the grief and the total life upheaval, John still considers himself his friend. The ground might be uneven and the footing might be tentative for fear of further tremors, but John is still his friend. That is all that matters.
God, it should have been me.
“Are you okay?” The words jump from Sherlock’s throat before he can stop them. It’s normal, it’s natural; in the aftermath, this is what they do.
And it’s terrible, he thinks, that he still feels this way. That after all this time, he still feels this way, still,
“Technically, yeah,” says John, mouth turned in a light corner smile. “She should be quiet the rest of the night. Fingers crossed.”
John’s expression softens. “You still don’t remember everything, do you?”
Baker Street is a bit smoked.
“Right, because a statement like that’s not worrying in any way whatsoever.” John breathes a deep, penitent sigh. “Christ. Why is it that I’m suddenly the lead on exploiting Mycroft? You’re the one who’s known him your whole life. Surely you’ve got ideas.”
He knows it very well.
Sherlock scrapes off a bit of icing and tries not to dwell.
“Sherlock? How are—”
“Right, I know it’s an understatement. Just wasn’t sure what else to call it. You’ll forgive me if words aren’t exactly forthcoming right now.”
“With a tranquilliser, yeah. Must’ve been out for a good hour. Maybe two. Told me she’s Sherlock’s secret sister then pulled a gun and shot a bloody dart in me. So not only did she predict where I’d look for a therapist and who I’d choose, but she put on a show, too. Unveiled everything bit by bit, not unlike somebody else I know.” He laughs, flighty and a bit exasperated. “Always with the dramatics. That’s just—God, that’s just the default state for a Holmes, isn’t it? Drama queens, the whole lot of you. Christ, you’d think I’d be used to it by now.”
“Mycroft is not Eurus,” he says. “You said yourself I knew nothing of this sister until just this afternoon. Whoever Eurus is, she’s got her own agenda. I fully intend to figure out what that is, but we need information first, and Mycroft is where we will get that information. As much as I detest my brother and his incessant meddling, I can assure you I won’t have him harmed.” He chances a glance at John. “Well, not irrevocably. Depends on what a little fear will do.”
It is more than that.
“Well, it’s not as if we had an hour-long chat about secret siblings and sinister plots,” says John. “She was impersonating a therapist, so it was—well, it was like any other session, you know? We talked about how things were going, how I was. About… coping. Work. We talked about Rosie. Talked about you, Mycroft. Normal stuff. It was all fine ‘til she mentioned ‘the other one’ at the end. That’s what clued me in.”
So, Mycroft knows. That is why he is goading Sherlock with these cutting barbs. That is why he is disparaging everything John Watson with unrivalled hauteur. That is why. Mycroft knows. Mycroft
Oh, this is going to be
“So not the drugs, then,” says John. “No mind doors opening, nothing profound. Just your secret sister having you on.”
And because Sherlock is in hospital with an IV in the crook of his arm and morphine numbing his nerves, there is no distraction he can provide. If this were any other situation, Sherlock would sweep him up in a whirlwind and bring him on a case because that is the fix they both crave: danger and adrenal highs amalgamated with the irresistible elements of mystery and allure. It combats both boredom and the encroaching presence of intrusive thoughts, the latter of which John presently suffers from, and Sherlock can offer him no relief because John’s own wife saw fit to incapacitate him by means of a surgical bullet.
“Was the Stradivarius genuine, then?” asks John. “The gift bit of it, I mean. D’you think she really wanted to give it to you because of whatever violin thing the two of you shared as children?”
“Right. Not irrevocably. Okay.” John considers this for a moment, palm rubbing over his mouth. “I mean… yeah, God knows I wouldn’t mind getting the bastard back for all his inconvenient abductions over the years. Or for the fact that he knew you weren’t dead. Or for hiding all this nonsense, which let a psychopath manipulate the both of us and almost kill you.”
Well, not completely. But it would have been stopped for a while. Until old age. Or an older age, at any rate. Assassins and others whose professions lie in the intelligence field tend not to last quite as long as their mundane countrymen, but if she’d wanted her death later rather than sooner, she could have had it. She’d deserved that much. The choice. The opportunity. Bleeding out on the floor of London Aquarium from a coward’s bullet is not the death she should have had.
Mulling this over, Sherlock hops to his feet and begins to pace round the sitting room. He makes a total of two circuits as he sorts through more childhood memories, opening and closing mind palace doors like manila case folders on Lestrade’s desk. Lots of Christmases, birthdays, outings, holidays spent by the lakeshore. The various figures of his younger years come as no particular surprise. Mum and Dad. Mycroft. Redbeard. Friendly neighbours. His parents’ friends. Still nothing whatsoever about a sister.
“And now you’re going to break into his house and—do what, exactly? Confront him?”
Squinting in the light, Sherlock turns his head upon the pillow. John stares back from a chair situated to the right of his hospital bed. He is settled in, arms folded, legs crossed. The steely corundum of his eyes is a bit darker in the filtered sunlight, but it complements the tartan navies of his shirt. The lineaments of his face are stark, a little rigid, his forehead knit into creases.
“For a start,” he says, “Mycroft never was very fond of clowns.”
But that implies more, doesn’t it? He’s got a soft spot for Rosie, which means he’s also got a soft spot for John. One feeds the other ad infinitum; sentiment’s ravenous ouroboros.
“Positive reinforcement, John. If you receive a desirable stimulus after a certain behaviour, that behaviour is more likely to be repeated.”
, a buoyant pressure plucking him up by the sternum, and he knows without question that right now, right here, trapped like a blood sample between the slides of this one single moment in John’s sitting room, he has never felt more unbalanced.
John manages a raspy chuckle. “Well, that’s one way. Don’t know if I could stomach it all, but I wouldn’t say no to a slice of cake.”
Sherlock brings the gun to the soft, vulnerable underside of his chin. The metal has a residual warmth: ignited gunpowder and body heat. The weight of it is an anchor between his palms, a heaviness that could send him plummeting through the floor, the earth, the ocean, luring him down, down, down past hydrothermal vents and magma rifts until magnesium and iron silicate rise up to envelop him whole.
Sherlock glances up from the screen. “Passports?”
Of course, that is a pointless train of thought now. No use in trying to imagine it. He is already here, already under, already oblivion-deep, water from the Reichenbach Falls drenching his hair and pouring down his clothes as a man who should be dead kneels before him, hands linked behind his head (linked where the hole should be, where the bullet broke through). Even if he has already worked through the possibilities (spectre, accomplice, network, mastermind), would it really be so bad to just stay a while longer?
It could be good.
“It was—Christ, it was monstrous of me,” John continues, storm-wrought eyes focussed on his plate. “Doing what I did. Going beyond. Getting so—so
The beam of ultraviolet light illuminates the worn paper in a lambent wash of indigo. In the very centre of the page, the words
The water helps his headache. It must be the drumming, he thinks. Must be the heat, the pressure. It all pours down in stippling patterns over the top of his skull, tapping and tapping like rain against foggy window glass, real enough to catch the scent of petrichor. The rich pull of steam through his lungs feels like welcome cinders to sharp shards of ice, but it’s the thawing, drumming water that really soothes.
. I know your attention span isn’t the longest—not at your age, can’t be helped—but they should be short enough to keep it for a while. Maybe your dad will let me play them for you the next time you come round for a visit, hm? Best to introduce you early.”
John tilts his head, expression tight. “Was it?”
What comes as an honest surprise to Sherlock is that he can discern very little of Mary here. There are traces, of course, like the wicker laundry basket and the choice of dresser and wardrobe, but the small loo to the right bears more of her mark than the bedroom itself. John must have found her personal effects in their once shared room to be too painful of a reminder. Stored elsewhere, perhaps? Yes, that seems right. Stored, boxed; kept for later but out of sight.
As Molly wanders over to the cake displays and engages the clerk, Sherlock pokes at his dessert and chances another look at John—John in his dark jacket, John in his worn denims. He wears a neutral expression and a small half-smile as he eats, but that same sort of tiredness pulls at his edges, weathering crags across his face and eroding the mountains of his shoulders.
“That she has.” A moment’s silence beats between them, and then: “You’re going to shoot the wall the moment it’s done, aren’t you?”
“What is it?” asks Sherlock. “Did you find something else?”
“Yes, well. You’ve never been one for the easy path.”
Now alight with the workings of a promising new idea, Sherlock steps over to his chair and snatches his mobile off the end table. He thumbs through the contacts, and after wading through most of his Irregulars, he comes across two names of note and starts a group text with them both.
“Hm. Interesting.” Sherlock runs a thoughtful finger along the tender stitches at his left eyebrow. “Well, I have it on good authority that things do get a bit sore from time to time. Very unfortunate and completely unavoidable, or so I’m told. Comes with the territory. Has a little something to do with being human.”
glow a brilliant neon amongst the pen-written scribbles, an echo of Moriarty’s mocking shade.
It’s domesticity. And it is a bit boring, yes, ennui and tedium and all that, but it’s
Stormy gaze now preoccupied with the decidedly interesting pattern of the floor tile, John flexes his hands on his knees. “I’ve already told you: my best friend got shot. And after he got shot, he decided to break out of his bloody hospital room for a dramatic unveiling—because that’s what he does, this best friend of mine; he’s a sodding lunatic—causing himself a minor episode of cardiac arrest and no small amount of internal bleeding because he was recovering from a
“No hope for it, is there?” asks John.
There are a great many terrible things that could have happened today, he thinks. Things that could have prevented John from sharing this space in the back of a police car. Things that could have stolen his last breaths. Things that could have made this single moment in time an impossibility.
“What? I do mean that, you know.” John nudges him with his elbow. “At the risk of inflating your ego somewhere beyond its normal astronomical proportions, you’re actually quite brilliant.”
Sherlock glances up at his reflection, its smile a mischievous mirror.
John would laugh, he thinks, a smile teasing in. After the strict lessons Sherlock had put him through, after all the curt corrections and wry remarks and stamped toes, John would take one look and undoubtedly laugh.
“Don’t you dare,” says John. Venom coats every rigid, glass-cut word. They are delivered with such sharpness, such animosity, that they sound like they should be said in another time, another place, like they should be a threat for a cornered criminal and not a years-long friend.
Ah, well. No matter. Everything is all right now.
“You’ve no idea.”
Sherlock has cheated death countless times before. He has witnessed it countless more. He has been the one to cause it, ensure it, deny it, and he has even been the one to deliver it, bursting from the end of John’s SIG Sauer in a splinter of skull fragments and brain matter. Death has courted him for years, skirting the edges of his periphery like a displaced shadow, slinking close enough for him to hear the susurrus of its footsteps and the wisp of its breath, but never has it laid claim to a soul he has sworn to protect.
“Half eleven out of Heathrow,” says John. He bends down and returns a wayward stuffed animal to Rosie’s tray. “Probably ought to get going soon. It’s bound to be busy and traffic’s not like to get any better. We’re getting a cab, yeah?”
Sherlock’s eyes snap open. “Sorry, I have a
It is a matter of time because wherever Sherlock Holmes goes, Doctor John Watson follows. The proof is in the past, the present; it is in the brilliant, hazel-flecked gleam of hurricane cobalt and the impatient drum of blunt fingertips on weathered upholstery.
Sherlock is the one who dismissed the notion when Mycroft said John had moved on. Sherlock is the one who pushed, pulled, wheedled, persuaded, cajoled his way back through John’s resisting exosphere. Sherlock is the one who wrangled John back into his orbit, drawing him in with the crushing strength of a singularity born from the corpse of a dead star. Sherlock is the one who said “What life?” despite all evidence to the contrary and then proceeded to manipulate John back into the stifling emptiness that was his own.
John makes his way back into the bedroom not two minutes later, clad in his own pyjamas and smelling of soap and warmth and something unmistakably home. His tawny silver-brushed hair is dark with lingering water, his face softened and relaxed, his military posture tempered by fatigue.
It’s a placid and pleasant melody, one he knows from many a long midnight spent singing its bars upon the strings of his violin. It reminds him not of John’s old nightmares, but of the comforting quiet that would follow some time after. Muscle memory itches in the calluses caught amongst his fingertips—vibrato, it recalls; tremble, tremble, tremble, slide—and he adjusts Rosie in his left arm to assuage the phantom currents.
). He is close enough to see the spikes of hazel threaded through each iris, close enough to see the silver in John’s hair and the laugh lines bracketing his mouth and the concern creased over his brow.
It should have been me, comes the ricochet. It should have been me. It should have been me.
“Not particularly, no, but I haven’t got much of a choice. Asking our parents won’t tell me anything I don’t already know and I’m not about to involve them.” Sherlock aligns his fingertips once more, tucking them together under his chin. “I’ve got a feeling I’m not the only one who’s been kept in the dark.”
“Well, if you think you can handle Rosie and her fussing, that is,” John amends, directing his attention back toward the seat. “She sleeps through most nights, but every now and again she fancies getting up at three in the morning to test her lungs.”
“Mm, not arguing there. Only consolation was that this place was a little less burnt when you were off your head.” John pulls a short sigh, all too audible in the muffled silence of the flat, and says, “Well, suppose we ought to give it a once over, yeah? See if there’s anything we can save before they bin it all.”
“She’s a rather good dancer,” he says, as the words pertaining to every other observation of note seem to have dissipated quite suddenly.
“Right. Of course.” John drags a palm down his face. “You prat.”
John releases a soft exhale. “You did the best you could, you know. She—she was using that against you. It was all on purpose. Planned. Rigged. Right from the very start. There was nothing else you could have done.”
There is nothing deep here. Nothing unknown. Nothing out of the ordinary. There are no endless waterfalls or bottomless pools or fathomless oceans or flooding wells. There are no labyrinthine islands. There is only comfort like the warmth of seafoam and sand. These are the calm and quiet shallows he knows best: one obstinate John Watson and his daughter Rosamund.
“I’m not so certain.” Sherlock flattens his hands together in the dark, savouring the pressure between his lifelines. “I keep thinking through the scenarios, trying to remember if there was something I missed, if there was something I just couldn’t
“Rather generous descriptor, that,” says Sherlock. “Right. So, you want to recreate the situation. Something that would evoke a reaction beyond the ordinary.”
“A veritable mountain of them,” he adds.
John leans over to turn out the light. “Even after everything? Jesus.”
John keeps him moored closely to the shore.
“Sweets, I imagine,” says Sherlock. “That’s how he tends to deal with most stressors.”
It’s… comforting, really, to know this John exists. To know that even in a London set apart by a century—with candles, telegrams, gas lamps, horse-drawn carriages—John Watson still exists. Albeit in the depths of a mind palace, of course, but he does exist. He follows Sherlock. Bullies him into taking meals. Reprimands him about his drug use. Worries over his health. Accompanies him on every case.
As Sherlock drifts from step to step, he lets his voice steep in a lower register. He lilts from one note to the next, a deep thrum in his throat, keeping it soft and gentle for Rosie’s sensitive ears. The unhurried measure in which he intones each note lets him conduct a more languorous waltz; he spins circles round the sitting room with a far laxer form than his usual fastidious approach would generally permit.
No, he thinks. No, this John is spirited. This John is
“Right. Obvious.” John makes an amused noise as he scoops up another healthy portion of his slice. “Well, cake or no, this is what you’ve got to look forward to for the next four hours. Make sure he eats something other than sugar, yeah?”
Sherlock lets his eyes drift to the morphine drip. With his left hand, he reaches over and taps it up another three notches. A beat passes, and then the familiar headrush closes in with dizzying speed. He lets it careen into him like the crush of a wave, tangling him down below the surface in a blissful sort of struggle. The agony at his lower ribs does not subside, but it dwindles considerably amidst the cottony buzz.
The reply comes easily, comes readily, comes only as it ever has:
“Yes, I know.”
Sherlock looks away, the insistent prickle of eye contact almost too much to bear. At the edge of his vision, John switches on the telly and sets the remote down on the coffee table.
John meets his gaze, looking rather stricken. “Your violin.”
“Bloody Marrakesh. Jesus.” John traces his free fingers round his mouth. “Well, suppose I shouldn’t be too surprised. She’s been to a dozen other countries and God only knows how many cities.”
This is the man who carries Sherlock’s heart.
written on the note had not, in fact, been in Mary’s hand), and he inserts a mental note in the form of a knife at its corner to further research and analyse the ink’s ingredients.
Really, it’s not a difficult leap. Sherlock cares for John, and because he cares for John (God, he cares for John so much that it has become a symptom, a condition, a bloody state of being), it only makes sense that he should also care for John’s daughter. Rosie is a part of John and John is a part of Sherlock; ergo, Rosie is also a part of Sherlock. It’s simple logic.
Sherlock lets his eyes roam the glass, the curtains, the trim. He squeezes his hands together and pools his focus into the pressure, the physicality, his middle and index fingers tapping soft heartbeats at the edge of his palm; something, anything to entrap his attention beyond alluvion of
“A sister,” says John. “You have a sister. You have a bloody sister and she—” He draws a short breath, unlacing his fingers to rub a palm over his mouth. “Well, let’s just say I could recognise more than a few family traits. Tell me, have you lot always been this dramatic, or is it more of a recent development?”
is such an eyecatcher, he thinks; of course she would have written it.
A heartbeat of silence descends upon the sitting room.
“Well, not on my watch,” he says, and lowers the gun.
Sherlock unfolds his legs and allows them to stretch, crossed ankles coming to rest by another one of Rosie’s discarded toys on the carpet. Rosie herself seems unperturbed at the shrinking number of stuffed animals on her tray.
) to come home to, and he’d naïvely thought everything would remain unchanged. He’d thought John would still be at Baker Street, patient and waiting, that he wouldn’t seek comfort or forge new relationships or… well. Move on.
Just like always.
, is make sure you’re not alone tonight. So, no. No, you’re not sleeping on the sofa. You’re going to have a shower, change into some pyjamas, and come upstairs. Even if you don’t sleep at all tonight, you’re still coming upstairs. All right?”
Epiphany arrives like the sting of a whip: vicious, hot, staggering. The clamour in Sherlock’s head surges into riotous overwhelm and the rest of the room seems to fall away, paling into background noise, disconnected and unimportant.
“A moment ago,” he says, “a brave man asked to be remembered.”
His inner palm still feels scorched.
Because John is a fixed point. There is no doubt about that. Since their meeting at Bart’s, Sherlock’s life has shifted to include one obstinate John Watson.
“Mm. She should be pleased. Blowing up a flat is one way to force renovations. She’s talked about it for ages. Patch the bullet holes, put up new wallpaper, scrub the blood out.” Sherlock glances at John, smiling halfway. “Now she’s got an excuse.”
, says Mycroft, leaning against the desk.
“I had no bloody idea, Sherlock,” he says, and his voice has dropped into a lower register, something hushed and quiet. “No idea at all. None. Not even a clue.”
Sent to him.
Because, really, what does one say at a time like this? “Please accept my heartfelt apologies that your wife lied to you the entire time you knew her and not only lied about anything and everything but also held a profession in assassination until about six years ago; do chin up”?
“Yes. To Marrakesh.” Sherlock nods at the map spread across the length of the screen, both Mary’s path and his own predictions dotted over Morocco’s bird’s-eye landscape. “It will be a while yet before she reaches it, but she is certainly going to Marrakesh. Look here—the path she took across Algeria. She flew in from Iran yesterday morning judging by speed and the area’s recent flight patterns, but now her movement’s changed; she’s got a car or a motorbike and she’s crossed the border with it. Her previous destinations have alternated between dense cities and remote villages, but if we look at how she’s executed her prior routes, the trajectory matches. Marrakesh. We’ll arrive with plenty of time to spare.”
A part of him had wanted to remember John with complete clarity, but he knows now that he couldn’t have endured it. If he had still managed to swallow down the words (no, he can’t think them, not even now) whilst high on substances that smother the endless noise into silence, how could he have expected to do it sober?
“I know. I know it’s my decision. It’s just—” John’s fingers curl, uncurl, and curl again. “I don’t know how I’m supposed to… God, I don’t know. I don’t. I’ve had since last night and it’s not something I can just—
“Ah, see there? I’m not the only one who thinks so. We’ve got you outnumbered.” John paths over to his chair and strokes his fingers through his daughter’s sandy hair. “Good girl, Rosie. Very good girl. Yeah, you see right through his stroppy glares, don’t you? You know he can be a ridiculously smug git when he wants to be.”
“Her skills were
“She… tucked her hair back,” says John, carefully, “and behind her ear was the plastic daisy, the one I’d had that one morning. I don’t know how she got it. I’d brought it back with me; I remember taking it out of my jacket and putting it with Rosie’s things. I knew something was wrong, I knew the moment I saw it, but then she changed her voice, and—that was it. I recognised it. Her. From the bus.”
The top deposits him at the end of a small corridor that makes yet another right turn toward the second storey proper. Three doors branch before him: one to his right, one further down and to the left, and the last at the centre at the very end. The one to the right is closed and has a soft yellow light peering out from beneath it, the telltale sound of running water murmuring on the other side. The one at the end is closed as well, but no light (the nursery, he surmises), which leaves the one at his left, its door invitingly ajar.
“Yesterday?” John cranes to look over the back of his armchair. “What happened yesterday?”
This does not seem to placate Rosie. She squirms in his arm, voicing her protest in a volume that is none too subtle.
And the weight of that is pleasant. It’s comforting, pleasurable. Warmth suffuses the hollow of Sherlock’s chest in a slow, languorous glide, and it’s like the sun warming pocked brickwork as it pours over the rooftops, gradual and gentle but thorough in its sweep. The gnarled tension snared between his lungs loosens with its presence, a methodical unravelling that unspools string by delicate string.
John sits beside him in the back of a police car, hands folded in his lap. His hair is still wet from the well at Musgrave Hall; the cool, damp scent of earth and mud and mould clings to his clothes. A different blanket from the one at the scene curls round his body to trap the heat in, draped over his shoulders as if it were a cloak. His gaze has settled on Sherlock, gentle and dark and incredibly blue, and he waits.
) to this very sitting room to see Sherlock and his daughter dancing to Chopin or Vitali or Paganini or Brahms.
Mycroft we’re talking about.”
The pale edge of Saint Bart’s superimposes over the empty corridors of his mind palace. Wood panelling bleeds to concrete, and for the shortest of moments, the fleeting echo of flight buries deeply into the hearts of his palms.
“I’d be more surprised if there wasn’t.”
John leans back into the chair. “Jesus.”
. The texting and—and your sister.”
Sherlock shuts his eyes and attempts to box the imagery away. It feels incredibly tender, like if he looks at it too much it might bruise into permanence. With a clenched jaw, he keeps himself still and tries to wade around it because he knows dwelling is presently useless. He has confronted the memory through force; it already exists. Now he just needs the time to process it.
“It’s fine,” says Sherlock. “Cake?”
Reticence, he thinks.
The Watsons will endure. They will. He’ll make sure of it.
“Right, see, that’s what I was talking about. That’s the look right there. Brilliant idea, already started, probably dangerous, but didn’t tell anybody about it so it shouldn’t be a surprise if a criminal pops in.” John presses his cheek into his palm, recrossing his legs. “So, what exactly did you have in mind for this supposedly harmless sibling trickery, hm? You
Then again, Mycroft is likely to be indisposed for a while. Perhaps going to his house is a good idea after all.
The rest of it all seems to bleed together. Sherlock’s brain feels like it’s buzzing underneath his skull and her words clamber together in a haphazard mesh that catches sharply in the depths of his chest like Texidor’s twinge. Her voice is so familiar, familiar in a way that borders on painful, and he knows she may be talking from static data written into the surface of a compact disk but if he closes his eyes, closes them even for the smallest moment, it’s almost like she’s standing right here with the two of them.
Not a short death. Not a kind one, either. Victor would have been terrified until the very end.
John’s gaze locks onto Sherlock as he picks up Rosie’s bag with his free hand. His forehead furrows a moment, and he then gestures to his side with a brief jerk of his head.
“No more than usual. Being the British government won’t protect him from this. I’ve broken into his house before.”
Still, thinks Sherlock, the flat’s not unsalvageable. The sitting room’s overall structure is good despite the shattered windows. Nothing collapsed or fell through into Mrs Hudson’s below. The kitchen has healthy amounts of detritus and broken glass beyond its dislocated gliding doors and it could use a thorough cleaning, but the incident appears to have inflicted no lasting damage beyond the melted lino.
“But Mycroft’s doesn’t.”
He watches as John sections off another bit of lemon sponge with his fork. It’s methodical, the way he does it, working from soft yellow centre to glossy-white glaze. It aligns with many of his other predictable yet charming behaviours, and it makes Sherlock think of simpler days, the ones long before the threads of Moriarty’s influence fully came together: a serial killing cabbie, an international smuggling ring, hallucinations in Dartmoor.
“Erm, no. Not yet. She—well, she started removing her disguise then. Took off her glasses, popped a brown contact out of her eye. She must’ve been wearing a wig or something, though if she was I didn’t get the chance to see it come off. After she revealed she’d already got to you, she…”
you. I mean… it’s Mycroft. You know him. He keeps secrets for a living. It’s going to take a hell of a lot more than a little chat to get him to come clean. The only reason I discovered anything is because he slipped up when you were—well, you know. He was frustrated. Worried. Maybe a bit of both. He wasn’t thinking clearly.”
John’s gaze is neither sharp nor cutting nor does it hold Sherlock’s critical deductive edge, and yet it feels as though it could pare straight past the defences he has done so well to uphold. The bemused corner-smile is almost shy, like this is some kind of anomaly and its existence has John taken by surprise—like Sherlock complimenting his daughter really is such a strange and puzzling concept and he must turn it over a time or three to get it sorted—but it shouldn’t come as a surprise. It shouldn’t. Not after everything that’s happened.
A quick glance through the landing’s kitchen door reveals that Sherlock’s bedroom, its door wide open, had barely been touched. The bathroom, both doors firmly shut, couldn’t have suffered anything more than a few displaced hair products. Even though most of the sitting room’s décor has been rather wrecked, there do appear to be some things that were spared the worst of the blast.
Really, if he’s being honest, this is hardly the worst he’s seen.
(Home: the place where John is. Always, always where John is. Whether that is 221B Baker Street or a flat in the suburbs or a skybound altitude in the stratosphere or an open ravine in the ocean floor, home will always be where John is.)
Sherlock doesn’t answer. Instead, sweeps across the room in a whirl of frenetic haste and snatches the note from John. He turns it over once or twice, cataloguing the faint indents of the pen, the fresh crinkles from John’s fingers, how the sunbleach colours the page in a pale, pallid yellow. Then, approaching the mantelpiece, he refolds it and smacks it down amongst the other curios and scattered articles from the post.
“Well, we’ve certainly got our work cut out for us, haven’t we?” says John.
“She is. Yes, she is. Of course she is.” Sherlock clears his throat. “Obviously.”
Sherlock takes pause, thumb hovering over the send button, and looks at John.
“Yeah.” John mirrors it, and it’s fond. Tired, but fond. “Yeah, same time next year. Maybe try to leave the drugs out of it, though. Draws it out.”
“I rediscovered the note after some prospective clients left the flat,” he says. “It was the proof I’d been missing. My first thought was Culverton. He’s wealthy, powerful. That garners a lot of influence. I thought perhaps he might have been in league with someone close to Moriarty, someone I’d somehow missed. I didn’t like the idea, but it was plausible. Wrong track, though. Wrong track entirely.”
John laughs. “Yeah, invading someone’s space with as little notice as possible is much more Mycroft. I’m surprised he didn’t have them pop by today.”
“Fear is extremely powerful, yes,” agrees Sherlock, reminded of Baskerville and its manufactured horrors. “If used in the correct way, it can expose or conceal a great deal. Priorities, weaknesses, knowledge. Not a bad advantage.”
Because he was never going to see John again. That was the truth of it. This work was meant to be suicide. And he’d accepted it, as it would have been a far shorter and far kinder sentence than wasting away in a prison cell; the best death a murderer like him could have hoped for. He’d planned to post Mycroft a thank-you note once The Work tilted toward the truly lethal.
If she really is our secret sister, thinks Sherlock, nails burrowed into the heartlines of his palms, then she’d want to draw attention. She’d want to introduce herself. That’s what this has been. That is why she used John. She chose to reveal herself to him because she knew he’d come to me and I’d take notice.
At last, Sherlock spares John a brief glance. He stands there in expectant silence, but the returning gaze is wary, questioning, the blue of his eyes murky and dark. His head gives an inquisitive tilt, and Sherlock reads it, recognises it, knows it well, knows it from years of interpreting and memorising John’s body language:
“—Greek,” Sherlock interjects. “It’s Greek.
), so Sherlock lets him do as he likes because a John Watson in his element is a John Watson of interest, however mundane the task.
would take charge, begin damage control, because the quiet is hateful and the low hum of the tanks and the gliding movements of the water are the sole sounds that backdrop the quaking cadence of his own heart—and he cannot bear to hear its incessant thunder.
If he’d shoved her aside, let the shot pierce him through, kept her safe as promised, would he have survived? It isn’t likely, but—God, it’s a chance he still would have taken. He’s already survived one bullet to the chest; what’s one more? He’s got a frame of reference, an incident for comparison, a grand scope in which to suffer, and if he were to meet his mortality in London Aquarium, if this watery grave were to be his Samarra, he would have been prepared. Willing. Ready.
Sherlock glances over his shoulder. “Sorry?”
“Never said I was.”
He can’t refuse. He already knows that. He is far too selfish to refuse. If he does as Mary asks and throws himself straight into the awaiting maw of hell, the chance to mend things with John will hang in the balance, and that is something he is compelled to pursue. The distance is agonising,
Boring. Unremarkable. Utterly ordinary.
“That’s insane,” says John, and there is that familiar tone of awe, the tone Sherlock has tried so very hard not to miss. “So, what, she anticipated your deductions ahead of time and dressed accordingly? But you were off your head. You could’ve—I don’t know, misinterpreted something. How could she have possibly done all that?”
“I’ll carry that,” he says, and reaches for Rosie’s booster.
His attention then turns to the diamond patterned duvet and the set of blue and grey pyjamas John had left out for him. A still-packaged toothbrush has been nestled just atop the cobalt shirt, a clothes hanger set beside the trousers.
Sherlock puffs a sigh. “I’m quite capable, John. No need for last minute lectures.”
“Ah.” Sherlock’s throat feels dry. He doesn’t need to touch his wrist to recognise the leap in his pulse; the mild, thumping ache hastening between his temples is all the proof he needs. “That part’s already past, then.”
“And if you’d taken your shoes off to begin with like I’d suggested, it never would have happened.” He gives Rosie an indicative nod. “She doesn’t have that problem.”
“Well, shall we go? Can’t say I’m in any hurry to sit in a flying metal tube for the next several hours, but I’d rather us be early. Makes things a lot easier.” John brushes past with Rosie in tow, stooping to a kneel as he begins to retrieve her menagerie of toys. “Give me a hand, will you? Honestly, I don’t know how she’s got so many of these bloody things. I swear I don’t even remember buying half of them. It’s like you leave the room and suddenly two more pop into existence.”
And Mycroft is clever. Cleverer than most. Clearly not clever enough to stop Eurus and her twisted experimentation on the human psyche featuring the Holmes sibling lab rats, but still cleverer than most, and that must have let him see, must have clued him in. Sherlock must believe in that because the alternative—his own bloody transparency—is an option far worse.
Such reassurances don’t seem to help. Rosie, now appearing very distressed at the fact that her father has suddenly gone missing (or perhaps that change has just happened and now there is one less person present; he’s not quite sure which), continues to let her distress be known and at an increasing volume.
The weight of every gaze in the room is palpable. It is constant, crushing, compelled by the continual currents of gravitons. Mycroft, Lestrade, remaining officers from the Met—their stares cut from him to John to Mary, one after the other, and each feels like a fire-hot poker pressing into Sherlock’s skin: the burn of a cigarette against his arm, the sweep of cinders spread across his scars.
This time, there are no chemically treated currents to fill the ravine between them. There is no chlorine, no rhythm of lapping water, no danger lurking somewhere in their peripheries, but Sherlock understands the words all the same, the words spoken by gesture and posture and countenance alone, a question flickering in blue:
“Well, I’d like to recreate it a bit, yeah, but not exactly. If we could manage something similar, he might be a bit more forthcoming with all this secret sister stuff. Not that that’s an invitation to start using again, mind,” John adds with a pointed gaze. “We’re not going to recreate everything about that night. I don’t want to see you anywhere near a needle.”
“John?” he ventures.
“Like I’ve been shot,” he rasps.
She regards him with bewildered interest. “I thought you haven’t been here before.”
“Yes, they are, because we know you. If we leave you to your own devices, you’ll either embellish the truth or avoid telling it at all. It won’t kill you to be excluded from the conversation for two seconds.” John nods at Molly and passes her a tenner from his wallet. “Go on. Get your carrot cake. I’ll be here a moment longer. Still need to finish.”
Alternatively, he could have the officers drop him by Mycroft’s house, as abhorrent as the idea sounds. He and Mycroft will have to coordinate on the matter of Eurus and their parents, and he’s sure Mycroft will want to address it once the dust has settled. Sherlock knows it’s better to have a plan sooner than later when it comes to these sorts of things.
“Right. Of course you do. And if we’re to get your mummy back, Daddy and I have a bit of travelling to do. Not to worry; it’s just to Morocco. Rather short flight, all things considered. Practically a holiday compared to Eastern Europe.”
Something in John’s demeanour undergoes a rapid shift. Sherlock takes note of the flex in his jaw, the smile that edges at the cusp of anger, the way his gaze skitters off to the far end of the sitting room where the bullet holes pock the wallpaper. John withdraws his outstretched hand in a controlled movement, and when it meets his side, it winds into a tightened fist.
Sherlock withdraws the pocketknife from its appointed place amidst the scarred wood grain. He tosses it into an upward arc, swipes it at the grip mid-air, and then promptly stabs the edge of Faith’s note.
A smile overcomes Sherlock. “Pretty damn smart,” he agrees.
Implications which mean, more or less, that Sherlock is to help to raise Rosie. (Well, excluding all the pious accoutrements.)
“Well, sort of. I said, ‘There’s another one, isn’t there?’ And he said, ‘No,’ all serious and foreboding, but there was a—a pause before he said it. You know, that ‘oh, I’ve been caught out’ kind of pause, like he couldn’t believe I’d figured it out.” John runs palm over the rest of his face with a tired sort of aggravation. “Didn’t have much time to press him, though. Missus Hudson came up after that and things went in an entirely different direction. The DVD and all.”
And really, now that he thinks about it, is that not what he’s done? From a distance, yes, for the most part, but he has taken a more present role ever since Mary had absconded from London. All of Rosie’s godparents have, in fact. Molly has pitched in sans complaints and Mrs Hudson has accepted the youngest Watson with her usual bubbly mien. Sherlock has stepped up to do his part as well, and with far less grousing than what he’s sure John has come to expect.
With a nod, John’s presence begins to fade with the curt footsteps of someone who wishes to be elsewhere.
Sherlock looks back to Mycroft—Mycroft and his defeated acceptance, Mycroft and his quiet fear—and it’s unsettling, he thinks, seeing such supplication on his brother’s face. It doesn’t belong there. Mycroft should never look this way, never; his rubbish big brother should have an air of arrogance or disdain, not of subdued horror.
“I’m actually quite brilliant, John.”
Sherlock tosses his hat into the watery abyss and takes his leap.
“She’s my therapist,” says John. “Or at least she pretended to be. She stuffed the real one in the airing cupboard, apparently. That was a fun phone call. It’s been her this entire time. She suspected—no, she
“Yeah. Of course. Six tomorrow.” Sherlock straightens in his seat, offering the start of a smile. “Say hello to Rosie for me, will you?”
“You’re serious,” says Sherlock, absorbing all the physical tells. “You’re—you’re actually serious. How can you be serious? That doesn’t make any sense. How—”
He snaps rigid with the revelation and his eyes dart toward the mantelpiece. Nestled beside the framed bat and beetles and the old magnifying glasses and the other charming mantel-curios is the note he’d received well over a month ago in the midst of a late evening with Faith Smith. It lies folded upon the knife-marked wood with its misshapen memories in the form of inky scribbles. The data poured upon the page had been obvious to him that evening, even while high, but the hidden piece, the missing information, the
Rosie sniffles between cries. It’s as good as a nod.
“I don’t, no. Not completely. Everything that happened to Victor aside.” Sherlock takes one last look at his texts before slipping his phone back into his pocket. “There are fragments, images. Some I’ve managed to piece together into proper memories, but the rest I’ve yet to recognise. There are more now, though. Some of them clearer. That might be a good thing.”
A small courtesy, he supposes. This was supposed to have been a traumatic event, after all.
A heaviness pours into the narrow space between them as if it were a mould. Sherlock can feel John across the mattress as he fidgets, hands locking together, shoulders nudging against the pillow.
The noise Rosie offers is less distressed-sounding than the others. Sherlock chooses to interpret this in the affirmative.
John licks his lip. “So that’s it, then. We’re not going to talk about this.”
Much like his accommodations at Baker Street, his scent, his style, and his presence have all been cloistered in this particular space. Clothes, slippers, sheets, the occasional bauble or three—everything has a tether to John. The laundry basket to the left of the door is halfway full of John’s button-downs, vests, pants, jumpers, and jeans. The chest of drawers just after hosts a set of folded clothing atop it (tomorrow’s, he assumes) as well as a familiar bottle of cologne and a plain stick of deodorant. John’s phone charger, watch, and alarm clock sitting upon the right bedside table indicate he sleeps furthest from the door, which is an entirely new set of data for Sherlock to devour (because surely John would take the side nearest to the exit—or had Mary taken it first? Had they switched sides once Rosie came? Do people even switch sides?).
in trammels down below his diaphragm. “Eurus wanted me. I was the primary target. Everything and everyone else was collateral damage, the both of you included. You said every choice was under her control, all within her neatly defined constraints, and you’re correct. The only logical thing to do in that situation would be to rob her of that control. No control, no power; the game ends. That led me to choose the third option. Like the governor.”
Sherlock dismisses it with difficulty, wrestling it into a box before shoving it into a mind palace broom cupboard and shutting the door. Now is After John, he reminds himself; not After-After John.
“I know I don’t have to,” he says. “I know I don’t. But I am.”
Sherlock slips out the door as John rounds to his side of the bed.
Sherlock holds Rosie’s gaze, tears and all, and begins to sway in place. Back and forth, back and forth, he does a half twist and shifts his weight from one foot to the other. It is what feels natural, what feels right: repetitive rhythms, soothing motion, satisfying the body’s need for comfort through physical stimulus.
John returns it. “I’d say he owes it to Missus Hudson, though. After all this.” He spares another glance at the sitting room. “Christ, what a mess.”
), but so is the John Watson in the waking world. And although the John Watson here might need him, the John Watson out there needs him more.
Sherlock lets his head rest against the seat, and he laughs with the man he is so very privileged to call his best friend.
A lot would happen, he imagines. Or perhaps nothing at all. Either he would grieve as John currently grieves with fits of recalcitrant rage and tremoring sorrow, or the rest of the colour in the world would bleed away into a bleak chiaroscuro.
“Well, it
“Another statement that is not at all worrisome.” John tips his head back against the seat cushion, fingers tapping on the upholstery. “This is mad, you know. Absolutely mad, coming up with ideas on how to blackmail your brother.”
personal. God knows I’ve got enough experience to give both.” John draws a breath, lets his hands drop to his sides. “Ah. I’m going to regret saying that, aren’t I? I am. I know it. You’re going to use that against me the very second it suits you. I can see it now: you, repeating ‘I’m actually quite brilliant, John’ at every available opportunity.”
“A bit, yeah. Only in passing. She mentioned you more.”
“Shit,” Sherlock helpfully supplies.
John, oblivious of his own unintentional cleverness as always, appraises him with a wary eye. “What are you doing?”
How do I begin, he wants to ask. How do I even start?
“Yeah,” he says. “I think it did.”
Sherlock steps up onto the slick rock and lets his gaze linger on the endless black horizon. There should be a telltale prickle drilling into his feet, his palms, but there is no autonomic nervous system response. Not here.
Perhaps in some other universe, in some other assortment of misplaced stardust, in some other aftermath of smouldering supernovas, this series of events would have never come to pass. In another collection of clustered constellations beyond singularities and suns and solar nebulas, John would never have had to see Mary’s life slip away. In another outcome contrived by another set of variables misaligned and realigned into another apogee entirely, Sherlock might have had the privilege to die in John’s arms.
“What are you doing?” Eurus’s voice, tinny over the speakers, yields a note of uncertainty.
“I don’t plan on going anywhere near needles for this,” says Sherlock. And then, after a moment: “Well, not me specifically.”
A sharpness echoes beside his lungs, as if to somehow emphasise just how bereft he has become, but Sherlock fixes his hands together and maintains the marble. John is not okay, but this is the first step toward becoming okay, which, with luck, will be a step toward becoming happy. This ordeal has shattered John’s perception as much as it has shattered Sherlock’s, and he must do his part in getting things sorted.
John stares at him for a moment, mirth flanking his eyes in wide crinkles, and then he laughs. He laughs, full and hearty, and Sherlock can’t help but join him.
Sherlock swallows, retreating one heel at a time.
It’s expected, of course. It’s natural, it’s normal; in the aftermath, however harrowing, this is what they do.
Sherlock rubs his thumb and forefinger together. Back and forth, back and forth, he creates a comforting cadence to stay the furious upheaval that writhes through too many webs of oversensitive nerves. He keeps his eyes fixed on Mary’s forehead, keeps his back straight and shoulders squared. He knows John watches her with equal attention, but he dares not look. Not now. Not now. He can’t. Please.
“Listen to me. It doesn’t matter what state the two of you are in. The events of last night or whenever it was are completely irrelevant compared to Magnussen. Magnussen will wait because he’s got the upper hand, but we can’t count on that forever. Eventually he’ll make his move. We must be prepared.” He levels John with a hard stare, although it is becoming more and more difficult to keep focus. “Mary Watson is our client now. She doesn’t need to be more than a client, not until you’re ready, but her status as client remains. We will brave the shark, extract her documents, and return them to her. That is what we do.”
It won’t be a spiritual or physical task. There will be no planted rooftop assassins or hymns in dim confessionals. There will be no prayers to voice, no bullets to meet, no buildings from which to leap. There will be no criminal empires to dismantle or whippings to withstand or sermons to attend. There is only a downward descent into a mire of immeasurable grief, something wholly outside Sherlock’s acquainted realm, and he must be the one to put it to an end.
“What? Don’t you act like it isn’t. The both of you can be ridiculously smug. Really, I’d think it was in your DNA if your parents weren’t so bloody normal.”
like I couldn’t see the cipher. If there was another choice, a better one, it might have ended things that much sooner. We might have been spared Musgrave Hall. Less people would have had to die.”
Oh, he has been so bloody
“No, it wasn’t Faith,” he says, rounding past the chairs for the third time. “That’s the point. It wasn’t Faith at all; just an exceptionally skilled actor. Everything about Faith’s persona was expertly crafted. Eurus knew the deductions I would make based on her appearance, so every last detail became a deliberate choice: her skirt, her handbag, her walking cane, her coat or lack thereof. Even the way she favoured her sleeve. The note was perhaps the only genuine thing she brought, but even that wasn’t without tampering as you’ve already seen.”
“Well, I was tranquillised for some period of time when we were moved to Musgrave Hall, so it isn’t too surprising.” Sherlock watches as darkness floods in, leaving yet another set of white-shocked afterimagery. It mirrors the hastened beat of his heart. “If I could choose to switch it off for a night, I think I would. Might make things a bit… quieter.”
Mycroft offers a tight smile before withdrawing a pocket watch from his waistcoat and affording it a brief glance.
And then he is five years younger. Five years more naïve. He is the returned soldier with the bad shoulder and the psychosomatic limp who dreams of arid deserts and staccato gunfire. He is the selfless doctor with a good heart who is willing to sacrifice himself for King (Queen?) and country and almost does in the deafening din of combat. He is John Hamish Watson, the obstinate man with a taste for adrenaline who will become his flatmate for the next year and a half and who will steal his heart in the process.
Unsupervised. Moriarty had been in Eurus’s cell, alone, unsupervised. And the result is not just this one particular harrowing moment, these few compressed and nightmarish seconds where Sherlock holds a gun in his hand and aims it at his own flesh and blood, but countless events of varying lethality stretched over the course of the past several years.
After all, the thirty-some years of Sherlock’s life Before John seem washed out and blanched, as if someone had somehow wrung their colours from them and applied a grainy monochromatic filter in their place. It wouldn’t be unreasonable to assume that such a state of being would continue, dull and moribund in its persistence. As it is, his states of being have already been reduced to Before John and After John, and to think that there might be an After-After John state somewhere in the future is a very tenebrous train of thought.
, it says.
“For the mortuary. At Culverton’s hospital. For… well. For beating the hell out of you.”
London calls to him in its usual language of traffic and rainfall. The trip ahead speaks of sands and warmer climes. His inbox murmurs in triple digits. He knows he should be restless for their promises, drawn by consonants and vowels and sans-serif lettering like a sprout to sunlight, and yet he isn’t. He isn’t restless, impatient, or irritated. He isn’t beset by any great drive for action. There is quiet and there is comfort and there are two people whose company he enjoys, and that is all this small moment requires.
John opens his mouth to reply, but the cake shop’s door chimes and his attention snaps over to witness their third party’s arrival.
He really mustn’t take so much pleasure in domesticity.
Mary should have come forward, he thinks. He knows why she didn’t (selfishness; he knows it very well), but it would have been better for everyone if she had. All of this could have been avoided if she’d just
“Oh, something very good, indeed,” says Sherlock as he taps out the end of the text. “I’m extrapolating the rest of it based on already acquired data, of course, but it all starts with an old childhood fear.”
. And that should be a horrible, fearsome thing.
) he’s got somewhere to begin.
attacked
John sits across from him in his chair with the Union Jack, a marked tension canting his shoulders. He leans forward with his elbows propped on his knees, hands clasped together, frown set. The indicative little furrow through John’s brow implies the severe gravity of the situation, and yet Sherlock can’t make sense of four little words.
“I’m afraid I’ve deleted most childhood lullabies,” he says, lowering her against his chest, “but I do know of many classical compositions that might work as a substitute. How do we feel about Chopin, hm? Your father seemed to like his nocturnes well enough. I’ve always found them calming. One hundred and eight in C minor, perhaps? Or would you rather hear thirty-seven in G minor?”
. Mycroft tilts his head in minor concession.
“Flowers and a card aren’t exactly his MO,” he says.
“Sherlock?”
John shakes his head, dark prints of exhaustion framing his eyes as he leads Sherlock down the concrete stairs. Christ, what
“No. And I don’t—I don’t know if I should. She said I won’t love her afterward. That means the worst, doesn’t it? She’s killed people, clearly, but ‘you won’t love me when you’ve finished’, that’s—that’s something worse.”
Mary was so very clever, he thinks. Could she really have seen? He’d been careful, so incredibly careful, but she was an assassin and a wife and a mother and a friend; she was sharp, perceptive, and she knew things at a glance. Between the masks and the marble and the forced indifference, could she have seen the hairline cracks, the barely kept together fissures; could she have seen it all for the farce it truly was?
John’s eyes have always been blue, but in the aquarium’s azure atmosphere, they have grown cold and dark. They are cooler than cobalt, deeper than delft; an empty midnight resides there, as if the stars that had once glittered through his night’s sky have all been snuffed out with the gust of one final, entropic breath. No light remains.
Sherlock considers this. “She was rather cross, wasn’t she?”
When John realises there will be no forthcoming reply, he steps over and leans down to look at the screen. His hand comes to rest on the back of Sherlock’s chair.
Hospitals have visiting hours, don’t they? He couldn’t have stayed the night. They would have kicked John out, and Sherlock is certain Mycroft is just the right amount of exasperated where he wouldn’t have let the staff overlook an errant John Watson meandering their patient floors after hours. So why the stubble? John went home; he should have shaved, unless—
, as John once demonstrated) slips his hands beneath her arms and lifts her up, situating her warm little body into the bend of his left arm.
“Right.” An audible swallow. Fists clench and unclench. Another flex of his jaw. “Okay. Well, uh, let me pop Rosie’s things down to Missus H. Best do it now than on our way out. Less stuff to worry about. Won’t be a minute.”
“John,” says Sherlock, and he doesn’t quite know why he’s saying his name. He doesn’t have words to accompany the thoughts flurrying about his headspace. Something pangs in his chest.
“Will you be okay tonight?”
(That word plays in his head, over and over, a skipping record, a scratched disk: murder, murder,
Because John has a life. Of course he has. He’s always had one. And the fact that Sherlock had, up until this point, preferred to ignore the parts of it that hadn’t involved him is his own fault entirely.
Grief, Sherlock thinks, must be such a heavy thing.
There must have been some sort of dead man’s switch in place, he thinks. Very clever. Considering her background and the fallout of AGRA, it would make sense. If she stopped reporting somewhere, stopped texting a certain number, stopped paying a certain bill, stopped whatever trigger, the live-condition would cease to be met and the parcel would be sent.
It began right here, he thinks. Everything. It all started right here, right in Sherrinford prison. And right here is where it all will end.
Not that he blames Mary. Well, yes, he does blame Mary (because she
Oh, he thinks.
“It’s all fine, John,” says Sherlock, because he doesn’t know what else to say. “Not the first time you’ve given me a well-deserved bruising, and I doubt it will be the last.”
This is sincerity, Sherlock realises.
They both tread carefully amongst the wreckage. Sherlock follows John’s lead, avoiding charred remnants with measured steps. He swipes up one of the old magnifying glasses from atop a pile of blackened books as he goes; the wooden handle’s shape is a smooth comfort in the curve of his palm, solid and cool.
, one of the Anemoi, god of the east wind. He was thought to bring rain. Storms.”
And in that life away from Sherlock Holmes, John has a flat, a daughter, and a job.
work. She knows
The John Watson in this place is different, but he shares the essentials. He is curious. Meticulous. Brave. Pertinacious. Gives copious praise. He is loyal and steadfast and no less radiant. The John here has a wife, too, but he spends little time with her. All he requires is a single word from Sherlock before he is on his way to Baker Street with pistol in hand, which is what matters most. Even the moustache looks better on him here. It’s far more appealing kempt and curled than the bland, bushy thing that had once taken residence under the other’s nose. Probably has something to do with the tweed and top hats, but Sherlock doesn’t dwell.
John exits the car, blanket discarded, and makes straight for his daughter. After a brief word with the minder, he scoops Rosie into his arms and stands there in the ethereal halo of the streetlamps, swaying back and forth, nose buried in her blond hair. He compacts around her as if his body were a shield, solid and strong, and a visible tremor wracks him through.
“Right. Okay. Hang on.” John leans over in his periphery and grabs hold of something. “If I lift the bed, will it be too much?”
“No. No, she doesn’t,” he agrees, rather wishing he’d kept his mouth shut.
Slowly, Sherlock begins to count.
“Not to worry,” says Sherlock. “I’ll sleep on the sofa. I won’t intrude.”
With that, John strides across the room and grabs Rosie’s three bags of supplies off the sofa. His footsteps are heavy as he exits the sitting room and heads down the staircase to 221A, and not because of the added weight. There is force behind them, Sherlock thinks; there is ire and rancour lining the arches, the soles, tangible and emphatic.
, more so than he’d ever imagined, and while two years of silence between him and John had been nothing short of arduous, John had wanted him alive and breathing then; John had wished for one last miracle:
None of the intermittent cases had been with John, of course, being an entire continent away, but that hadn’t stopped Sherlock from imagining his presence. His voice, his opinions, his wry remarks—they kept playing from the nostalgic depths of Sherlock’s mind in arbitrary sound bites, frequently and without his leave, and as time wore on, it was not unusual for Sherlock to visit the John Wing of his mind palace during his scant stretches of downtime. John had indeed been an entire continent away, but between his intrusive interjections and the familiar comfort of his palace doppelgänger, Sherlock often found himself wondering how he ever managed to endure existence without him.
Affection is a warm, buttery feeling in his chest. “Good.”
After the cow skull and magnifying glass have been taken into Sherlock’s room for safekeeping, other things soon begin to follow: not quite burnt books, the mate of the first magnifying glass, the pocketknife that had dislodged itself from the mantel, the glass-free frame of the beetles and the bat (minus a specimen or two), assorted case files that had somehow come through unscathed. They all assemble pell-mell in a pile on his duvet, the bigger things settling on the outskirts whilst the smaller ones migrate toward them by virtue of the slight dips in the mattress.
“Yeah, but that’s not really unique to her, now, is it? She’s a Holmes. As much as you might not want to admit it, you and Mycroft do share—”
“Neither? Hm. No, no, you’re right. Others might be more appropriate. Let me think.” Sherlock rocks from side to side another moment more, and then says, “Ah, what about his nocturne in C-sharp minor? Noted as number forty-nine, if I recall. It’s playful in some areas, more sombre in others. A pleasure to the ear. Might be good.”
Anyone might make an offer out of courtesy. Tone and delivery can convey courtesy, but this isn’t courtesy. No. No, this is more complex: body language, station, tells. John’s stiffness implies equal parts obstinacy and nerves (because John shies from emotional intimacy; he avoids and evades and fidgets), but his eyes are forceful, intent:
“Yeah. Yeah, all right,” says John. “Let’s scare the bleeding hell out of him.”
John breathes and scrubs his fingers around his mouth. Judging by the way he looks at everything but the hospital bed, he clearly wants to avoid this particular conversation, but he must know by now there is very little he can hide from Sherlock.
“I’m here because my best friend got shot.” John uncrosses his legs and leans forward in his chair, hands laced. “You were out a while.”
What does that mean? he desperately wants to ask. What kind of message is that—‘what we could become’? How am I supposed to construe that? What is that supposed to
There’s something familiar about how John folds in, about how his body behaves. Sherlock is well-versed in its diction after all these years and there is rather little of John he cannot read; the man is as well-known to Sherlock as a beloved storybook to a child. The translation takes a moment, image-to-word and word-to-context, but the deep forehead crease, the thin line of his mouth, sudden tension in his shoulders, the marked avoidance of eye contact—Sherlock has seen it all before, and right in this very sitting room.
Because he’s right. John is right. Sherlock had vowed to be there for all three Watsons. He’d vowed to be there always, to protect John’s family no matter the circumstances, and he’d failed.
Sherlock withdraws his phone, unlocks it, taps on his texts, and swipes down to Mycroft’s name. He stares at the perfunctory conversation from several months back, long before the events of the past few days had ever come to pass, and then at the short series of texts concerning their sister’s wellbeing after she was reinstated.
Instantly, the surrounding courtroom’s sloping architecture and open seating alchemises into the cold, impersonal quarters of an office. Heavy security reads in the alloys of the walls, the metals of the reinforced door; the rich mahogany desk is the only shock of colour amongst the monochrome.
“Ah, another Holmes family trait. We’re making quite a list here.”
It lasts for barely a moment before the axis shifts. And when it does, the John of present day sits before him once more with silver in his hair and lemon on his fork.
A coiling tension tightens Sherlock’s jaw.
John makes a snorting sort of laugh. “No, not every day. Just a couple times a year.”
Sherlock yanks himself out of his mind palace just in time to see John regarding him with an expression of acute unease.
“And you think it started with her.” John’s stare is cautious, questioning.
“I haven’t got anything to compare it to,” says Sherlock. “If I ever had, I must have deleted it. I didn’t realise I was capable of rewriting an entire set of traumatic childhood memories into something less harmful.”
The office starts to snap and splinter. Metallic sheets mesh into softened sunshine, and then Mycroft’s pale complexion melds into the scene as it drains away, blanching until all that remains is a stark, wood-panelled corridor. Sherlock stands in its centre, alone, the endless stretch of rooms running parallel at either side. In the distance, he glimpses the lone red blur of an Irish Setter darting between the memory doors, but he stays still and lets the press of his fingers against his palms become a persistent, grounding force.
When John’s footsteps have faded into the bathroom overhead, Sherlock rises from the sofa. He crosses the sitting room, dips into the kitchen, and switches off the light above the hob. It takes a moment for the negative snapshot of assorted dishes and appliances to disperse behind his eyelids (because the white shapes thrum to the pain meshed between his temples, a driving and persistent pulse), but when it does, he moves past the table toward the stairs and begins to climb.
This John doesn’t wear a wedding band and he doesn’t go on frivolous dates with meaningless girlfriends. Instead, this John indulges him with ballroom dances in Baker Street’s sitting room and celebratory post-case takeaway. This John leans into his shoulder in the back of a cab, calling him ‘amazing’ and ‘extraordinary’ and ‘brilliant’ with a gleam in his eyes. This John takes his hand and holds it, lifeline to lifeline, intermittent tremor evaporating with the night’s end. This John licks his lips and says,
“Ha, God forbid,” says John. “I already have to deal with your smug everything. I don’t think I could handle another. One’s bad enough, thanks.”
Whilst in the heat of it at Baker Street, he’d had much more control over the situation because 221B is his territory, his domain, and getting to the bottom of Mary Watson’s connection to Magnussen had been paramount, but now that he has once again been forced into the tiresome clutches of hospital staff and suddenly presented with the knowledge that John did not go home in favour of a hotel, he finds himself at a loss.
“No, of course it wouldn’t be the first time. Of course it wouldn’t. Christ.” John runs a hand through his hair, lowering himself back into the chair. “You were shot. You were shot, and not only did you climb out a window, you climbed down two bloody storeys.”
What would it have been then? he wonders. A noncommittal ‘take care’? A brief cuff on the shoulder? Would he have even shaken John’s hand?
Continuing his back-and-forth movements, Sherlock eases into the gradual steps of a gliding waltz. Once he is satisfied with Rosie’s acclimation, he performs a graceful turn to mimic Rosie’s part in the movement, and then he begins to hum.
“I’ve just thought of something. Are you—” John pauses and knots his hands into the blanket. “Have you got someplace to stay?”
Despite all he has been through with John, this is new territory. That isn’t to say that sleeping in the same room is new, because it isn’t—past cases have brought them to the same hotel room more than once, not to mention the times they have both fallen asleep in the sitting room whilst researching—but the fact that he will be wearing John’s clothes in John’s room in John’s own bed inflicts an extrasystolic stutter upon his heart.
John appears unfazed by all of this. “So, what’s happening, then? What are we doing? Going after Mycroft?”
A second of stillness passes, and then John seems to feel the quiet press of Sherlock’s gaze. He meets it with a turn of his head.
“I think you mentioned torture at some point,” says Sherlock.
These were obviously premeditated events. They were purposeful. They had intent. John was deliberately sought out by this woman, this… Eurus. He was targeted, manipulated, pulled directly into her plans.
Pressing his fingers together, Sherlock narrows his focus onto the back of the passenger’s seat. He feels… raw. That is the best way he can think to describe it: raw. Open. Tender. Vulnerable. Everything is a little too bright and a little too loud and a little too intense. A dull throb pulses behind his eyes and it isn’t from crying. It’s as if someone had tried to pry up the top of his skull but only managed it halfway, so they made do by digging through as much contoured grey matter as possible until they could assign a purpose to every available neuron and firing synapse.
As the overhead lights snap crimson and the pre-recorded footage of Jim Moriarty’s spectre thrums its predictions throughout the concrete room, Sherlock’s focus narrows on Mycroft. It narrows on his posh three-piece suit, the svelte stripes of his tie, the front curl of his thinning hair, the deep set of his brow that gives way to a second-long flicker of fear. It narrows on Mycroft because he won’t (can’t) let it narrow on John.
Sherlock frowns. “But what if Rosie wakes? You’ll be down here. I’m not going to kick you out of your own bed, John.”
“Ah, here we are,” says John, and he scoops her up and into his arms. “Sorry for taking so long, darling. Did you have fun dancing with Sherlock? Certainly seemed so. Did he tell you your skills were awful, too?”
He takes two heavy steps toward Mary, toward John. His legs feel leaden and cemented to the ground, but he persists. He just can’t stand there and do nothing. He can’t. Not when John is like this. Not when John is anguished and bereaved. Not when John’s body language could write a study in sorrow. Not when John is
going to take her case. She’s your wife and she saved my life. Taking her case is in everyone’s best interest.”
“Yes. Yes, of course.” Tears pricking, Sherlock grins at him in the dark. “Gladly.”
“One of the rare ones, yes,” he says, “though the name isn’t restricted to just violins. Technically, a Stradivarius is any stringed instrument produced by the Stradivari family during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. They made a finite number of instruments numbering approximately one thousand one hundred or so, but only about six hundred and fifty of those still exist today. The most recent sale of a Stradivarius violin was just shy of three million pounds.”
It could be good.
“Jesus. I’m sorry, Sherlock.” John rubs at his forearm through his powdered blue sleeve. “Will you, then? Buy a new one? After all this, I mean.”
I truly would be lost without my blogger, he thinks. Utterly and completely lost. Do you even know? Surely you must. I’ve told you once before, but now it’s empirical. I’ve got so much data on the matter I could drown in it.
Sherlock knows he couldn’t have stopped the smile even if he’d tried.
It should have been me, comes the echo. It should have been me.
“So, what’s he like?” Water from the falls soaks through John’s bowler hat and long overcoat. Stern curiosity limns his face as he aims his pistol at Moriarty’s back, but his eyes—oh, his eyes are mischief. “The other me, in the other place.”
But Mary is static data written into the surface of a compact disk and John is on the sofa rubbing at the corner of one damp eye and Sherlock can only stand there by his side in petrified silence.
“And he deflected,” says Sherlock. He leans forward, excitement jumping through his veins like currents through circuitry. “He deflected and tried to make you think he misspoke or you misunderstood because that’s what Mycroft does—he’s a manipulative bastard and he does whatever he thinks is best for you despite evidence to the contrary.”
“Am I—?” John blinks. “Hang on. I just told you the girl I’d been texting was your sister. The secret sister you knew absolutely nothing about until just this afternoon. You’ve been standing there for two minutes in complete silence rather looking like that was the worst possible thing I could have told you, and you want to know if
He can’t examine that.
Sherlock places Rosie’s bag on the charcoal sofa across from the telly and takes a seat. He glances round the room, absorbing the environment in which John and Rosie Watson live.
“It has been a pleasure, Miss Watson,” he says in a most courteous tone, “but it appears your father has come to spirit you away. Shall we continue this another time?”
“Faith came round to Baker Street that evening,” he says. “She told me her father intended to kill someone three years ago, but she couldn’t remember who. His confession unsettled her; all the evidence was there, plain in her mannerisms, her clothes. The note was merely supplemental data. She was alone, upset, guilt-ridden. Suicidal.” He brushes the rebellious twinge within his ribcage aside. “I took the gun she had in her handbag and threw it in the Thames.”
Might they expect another parcel in a year from now? he wonders. Two years? Five years? Ten? Mary was incredibly clever; he wouldn’t be surprised at all if there were dozens more live-conditions waiting to fail. The likelihood, he must admit, is rather high.
“You know, you didn’t actually answer me.”
And that, Sherlock thinks, is what makes this so damned difficult. Mycroft may be insufferable and he may be a bastard and he may stick his nose where it doesn’t belong, but he is still Sherlock’s brother. In spite of everything, there is still a bond. Really, how could there not? They grew up together. They shared hardships and memories. They helped one another when it was most needed. They forged their own worlds, carved out their own lives, gave themselves purpose. The Christmas dinners might have been rubbish, but they never warranted bloodshed.
“Not putting him in hospital, either. As appealing as the idea is, I’d really rather not have to face the entire British government because one of their representatives got his lights punched out.”
“What? What do you mean you might not have to? Have you got others stashed away in a bolt-hole or something?”
The screen switches from black to Mary. She looks just as Sherlock remembers: heart-shaped face, dyed-blond hair, eyes like watery slate, mouth turned upon the twist of a knowing smile. He notes the wry gleam in her eye as she stares at the camera, a gleam that is so familiar, so quintessentially Mary, and it does something strange to the fossil in his chest.
“Ah, yes. The obligatory ‘we’re alive!’ cake, second only to the obligatory ‘it’s your birthday!’ cake. I think I’ll try the ginger spice this time. It looked quite good.”
Sherlock knows there is no fundamental difference between this John and the John of ten minutes ago, but the atmosphere has shifted into something lighter; he can sense it. The seriousness of the task ahead has been forgotten, much like the psychosomatic limp that had once pained John’s leg. Whatever grave thoughts had followed him to 221A appear to have been lost on the ascent. Left to their own devices, they now linger amongst the dust motes, floating arabesque through gilded sheets of sunshine, and John is better for it. Leaning against the entryway, John is gorgeous, brilliant, utterly radiant in his fondness.
There is no one left to ask.
“She said she taught me how to play,” he says quietly. “I’ve played for as long as I can remember, ever since I was a child. I practically grew up with a violin at my neck. I spent countless hours learning compositions I liked, songs that spoke to me, yet I never could recall how it all got started.”
The eye contact almost burns. Sherlock clasps his hands behind his back and looks out the window where it’s safe, where it isn’t John, where it’s okay to stare, where fleeting prickles won’t dig. He wills himself to be impassive because that taut, inexorable tangle of longing threatens and threatens and threatens to close his throat and suffuse his lungs, but he can’t quite get it right. The small smile tucked at the end of his mouth refuses to vanish.
This John has seen something that has put him on edge.
“No?”
“This is what happened yesterday,” he says, and flicks it on.
A quiet chuckle. “Getting shot’ll do that, yeah.”
“This is hardly being mysterious,” he says, turning back to his mobile.
Of course, the actual event had happened months ago, but it hadn’t really been something he’d dwelled upon. Baptisms are religious rituals and neither John nor Mary are particularly religious in any meaningful sense, which means it had been done out of tradition rather than spiritual obligation. At the time, he’d been far more focussed on his cases and the religious element of the affair rather than the implications being named ‘godfather’ would bring.
“Right.” John clears his throat again. “Well, I think I’m going to pop downstairs and check on Rosie. You don’t mind, do you?”
John adjusts in the seat beside him, untucking the blanket from around his shoulders to place upon his lap. Sherlock can hear the rustle of it pulling from behind John’s back and then the soft sweep of it ghosting across his knees. It’s an odd sound to take comfort in, but it taps into a different memory.
Sherlock comes to an abrupt stop by the closest window and yanks the curtains open. Afternoon sunshine filters between the drapes in an open wedge, bright and warm despite the autumnal chill encroaching beyond the glass.
Fact two: Three months ago, Faith Smith arrived at Baker Street. She brought the note that now sits in John’s lap, marked with an invisible posthumous message reminiscent of Jim Moriarty. With both the note and her personal account, she offered a case Sherlock could use to solve the one he’d been given by Mary.
Sherlock holds the disk between his hands, staring at the words written across its surface.
Fact three: Two and a half months ago, John decided to see a new therapist. Due to his work schedule, his daughter, his location, and his need for change, options were understandably limited; out of four men and one woman, he chose the latter. The first session put the case with Culverton Smith into proper motion.
He shuts his eyes and lets it sluice down his back, shoulders, chest, and legs, fingers sloped together in a steeple beneath his chin.
Perhaps it’s the change of environment, but in the soft, warm light of the cake shop and all its dessert-themed decorations and sugar-infused confections, he seems… better. Livelier. As if this John were an entirely separate entity from the shivery, quaking thing Sherlock had enfolded in his arms at Baker Street.
“Your go,” he manages around a yawn.
“Sherlock?”
“Five so far,” says Sherlock, “though their effectiveness is debatable and two require hospitalisation.”
Slowly, Sherlock takes another step backward. Away from John, away from Mary. Not even the urge to rub his fingers or press his hands together can plunge through the shock.
Sherlock resists the urge to roll his eyes. “Of course he did. Luggage?”
“No.”
, says Mycroft, now reappeared in the courtroom’s vacant centre.
, tired but persisting, and still willing to roll with every punch. John Watson: colleague, friend, forever confidant.
So he’d dismissed it. He’d dismissed it because dismissing something is far better than letting it hurt. That is what he has done for years, for decades, and it’s difficult to do otherwise when a behaviour has been so practised it becomes propensity. Letting it pierce the façade rather than roll down his back had never been an option. At the time, he just wasn’t
Sherlock blinks, dazed. “John? Why are you here?”
There are hundreds of words that crowd the space of his throat, each vying for presence upon his tongue. They all squeeze and stretch and strain together against his Adam’s apple, things like
And what of Mum and Dad? he wonders. Will Eurus come after them next? After she’s finished, after Mycroft is dead and her game has been played to full, will she inflict this vicious vivisection upon them both as well? Or will she do something else to occupy her time? Will she choose to dismantle entire governments from this useless island prison? Will that satisfy her need to dissect the human condition? Will that be enough? Will anything?
“So am I.” Sherlock draws a deep breath. John’s scent seems to ensconce him entirely. “But we made it through.”
Something sharp corkscrews between Sherlock’s lungs. “John—”
It’s not a particularly startling truth. It’s not an upsetting one, either. It’s not frustrating or angering or devastating. It just…
“Eurus purposefully sought me out whilst my perception was altered,” he says, easing his palms together beneath his chin. “She came to the flat as Faith Smith. She made me
is such an eyecatcher, he thinks; of course she would have written it. Mary knew he never would have been able to resist such a lure, so he’d be guaranteed to get her message regardless of what came to pass. Echoing the old words of his dead adversary as a hook is so very her.
“Feeling adventurous, are we?” Another cracking snicker. John’s arm comes away wet. “You’re buying, of course.”
Yes, he still feels this way. He still feels this way, still,
“I’m not sure,” he says. For a moment, he considers the weight of his mobile in his trouser pocket. “I might not have to, actually.”
“Did you hear that, Rosie?” John’s voice softens into a lilt as he addresses her, but his gaze remains on Sherlock. “Now that’s some very high praise, isn’t it? If Sherlock thinks you’re a natural, it must be true.”
Three steps ahead, John stops at the sitting room threshold. His hands perch upon his hips as he surveys the damage, eyes drifting from the filthy leather sofa to the splintered slab of the table and then to the pair of armchairs upturned on either side of the mantelpiece. Debris of various sorts litters the scorched flooring; the once plush carpet has now become a refuge for burnt pages, fractured glass, and ashen artefacts. The garish wallpaper is most definitely ruined.
Sherlock nods in answer.
“All right,” says John. It is quiet, calm, but not without a tendril of heat. “All right. Okay. Fine. We’ll take her case. We’ll take her case even though she lied and shot you and put you here. She’s our client. And because she’s our client, we’ll do whatever’s necessary. Just like all the rest. Because that’s what we do.” He clears his throat. “Right, then. So. What’s the plan?”
Rosie fusses again, fidgeting as Sherlock turns his attention back to her. Whatever he can do to mollify her before John returns will be for the best. He’s sure the last thing John needs on his mind is his daughter being upset and uncomfortable before their flight. The rocking seems to have helped, but Rosie continues to make displeased noises.
There hadn’t been much time to assess the damage. After 999 was called and Mrs Hudson had been pronounced unharmed, they’d put the next steps of their plan into motion. Still, judging from the sheer intensity of the blast, he imagines the flat is in no condition to use. The sitting room and the kitchen are undoubtedly wrecked. The bedroom might have been far enough away to remain unscathed, especially if the door had been closed.
“I haven’t looked at the memory stick,” says John.
He can’t fathom it. There are few events which might make him grieve, and he has experienced none of them. The one he would feel most keenly would be a permanent absence of John, and the thought of John not existing isn’t something with which he can come to terms. It’s implausible, impossible, an undefined concept; it’s division by zero. John exists now, has existed for four decades, and will continue to exist for decades to come. John has become a fixed point in his life, an anchor, something he can count on to keep himself in check, and he doesn’t know what would happen if that point were to simply stop being.
It won’t be long until they reach John’s flat. In light of Baker Street’s condition, he supposes he ought to make his way to Dagmar Court or Kew Gardens. It would be an uncomfortable arrangement, but it would leave him the rest of the morning to think.
“Just going to put her down,” he says. “Won’t be a moment. Pop that on the sofa, will you? Yeah, just there’s fine. Thanks. Back in a minute.” And with that, he disappears up the staircase, murmuring soothing things into Rosie’s ear.
“Sherlock.”
With a systematic carefulness, Sherlock sheds his Belstaff, slips it on the hanger, and places it onto the hook on the back of the door. He then snatches the toothbrush and peels it out of its packaging as he enters the loo. After dropping the plastic into the bin, he turns on the tap, snags the toothpaste from the shelf beneath the mirror, and cleans his teeth. Once he’s finished, he sets the brush on the lip of the washbasin and gathers up his temporary set of pyjamas.
And then: No, not just reticence.
Oh, he can’t—
“Oh, God, no. As absolutely terrifying as the idea of an omnipotent Sherlock Holmes is, I think that’s more Mycroft’s area. Leaving bugs everywhere, abusing CCTV and all that. A bee could sneeze in Brixton and he’d know about it.” John offers a smirk of his own. “Still, genius as you are, you can’t take credit for this one. You’d never even know it was forty-seven cities if it wasn’t for me.”
Sherlock rewinds to the cocaine-hazed afternoon when Mrs Hudson had bound him with the handcuffs from the salad drawer and shoved him into the boot of her Aston Martin. Upon arrival, the house had been clean, sparse, modern; nothing of import. But the woman there, the therapist—what had she looked like? He recalls fair hair, glasses, a pale complexion. He also recalls her clothes being too large for her frame and a taller than average height.
Instantly, something sparks up the line of Sherlock’s spine.
From the very moment he saw Vivian Norbury sitting on the aquarium bench, small and unassuming in her age, he should have accounted for this. He should have known better. He should have seen, should have anticipated, should have thrust Mary away so he could accept his fate, but instead he’d pressed onward, negligent in his own sodding arrogance, and now she lies dead because he did not
“Did he?” John swallows the bite, tongue swiping at the corner of his mouth to lick a crumb away. “Well, that’s progress. Very good. Maybe he’ll stomach a sandwich next.”
Sherlock watches John’s face as it falls victim to grinning laughter, the sound as bright and infectious as anything, and he joins in without a second thought.
Sherlock stares beyond John, beyond Mycroft, and focusses on the cool slate of the wall. The air is stagnant and warm. Adrenaline pools in the pit of his stomach, a bilious, roiling, corrosive whorl.
, and he has every right to be. That is why he’s here.
that crushes back behind his ribs.
“Are you sure?” asks John.
. I know now some of it must’ve been acting on your part because of the DVD. Because of what Mary said. Her telling you to go straight into hell, to endanger yourself for my benefit. It was, wasn’t it? Acting. At least a little. Minus the double kidney failure and all that because—well. You know. But that doesn’t—that doesn’t excuse it. The punches. Kicking you in the stomach. Beating you bloody. It doesn’t excuse it. It doesn’t at all.”
Now that she has calmed, Rosie appears more interested in current proceedings. Although she isn’t capable of her own box step or any of the intricate sways that a waltz incorporates, she does attempt movements of her own. She squeezes at Sherlock’s thumb with impossibly small fingers, tilts her blond head to take in the many wonderments of the sitting room, buries her face against the lapel of his suit jacket. Her voice bubbles beneath his in a soft, brook-like gabbling, and a wreath of delight twines into haphazard tangles behind his breastbone, entirely unbidden.
“Hm?”
He briefly glances from the screen to John because he can’t (won’t) help himself.
John releases a breathy exhale. “Okay. So, you’re going to—what, see if she’s still got it? After everything that’s happened?”
“Did you know,” he says, pressing the cursor into the message box, “that Eurus had a Stradivarius at Sherrinford?”
John nods absently. “If only it were as simple as breaking into his house and giving him a good scare, eh? Would make things a lot easier.”
Rosie makes a nonsense noise and reaches out for him with questing fingers. Intrigued, he brings her closer only to have her hand grasp at his nose. She squeezes with the smallest amount of pressure, all that her still-developing muscles can apply, her pretty eyes growing wide with wonder.
“Another one. A sister. A
“A childhood fear?” asks John. “Really?
“Right. That’s why the bolt-holes are first.”
If it were possible to bottle a particular point in time, to shove its sights and sounds and smells into a crystal phial and stopper it shut, he would add this one to his ever-expanding trove. He’s already got an impressive number of cherished memories meticulously stored within his mind palace vaults; he collects and stockpiles them like glinting curios pilfered by corvidae, and he knows with complete and total certainty that dancing with his goddaughter would have no trouble finding its place amongst them.
“Five minutes,” he says, throat gone terribly tight. “It took her just five minutes to do all of this to us.”
“John,” he says, pitching his voice to a low murmur, “why are you here?”
“Well, the brain is an incredible thing,” says John. “Yours especially.”
hard pressed to find such a scenario.”
“You could say that, yeah,” says John.
“So it would appear.”
Hello again, he thinks. Been a while, hasn’t it?
I’ve done as you asked, Mary, he thinks. I brought myself to the very brink and John pulled me back. He saved me, just like always, but I don’t think it’s enough. He misses you. Madly. What more can I do?
“Three
His own heart hammers. It hammers and hammers and hammers, deafening and thunderous in its fear.
With an attentive carefulness, Sherlock takes the tiny hand that is not preoccupied with his suit between his thumb and forefinger and nudges it open upon his fingerprint. He watches her as she focusses on the sudden sensation of touch, her eyes locking onto the enormous disparity between her hand and his.
Molly simpers. “I can try. He just drinks tea with me, mostly.”
Either way, John almost died far too many times within the past twenty-four hours, and this right here is the moment of decompression, of acceptance, the quiet moment in the aftermath where one comes to terms with all that could have been, and Sherlock knows he does not belong in it.
Yes. Yes, he’s sure. He must be. He’s needed, isn’t he? Needed by John. Needed by Mary. Needed by all of England, according to Mycroft. That should be sufficient incentive, should it not? Being needed is enough to make people do the strangest of things. He would be one to know.
A full breath stretches Sherlock’s lungs.
“She gave you that memory stick for a reason. If it does indeed contain everything about who she was, then you essentially hold another key toward her incarceration in your pocket. She trusts you, John. Both now and with whatever happened before.” Sherlock draws a painful breath. “Only you can make the decision to read it.”
“It could have been worse,” says Sherlock. His voice sounds sombre to his ears, an unfortunate window to the bonfire that won’t quite douse. “
“I wasn’t going to allow her to force a choice between you and Mycroft.” Sherlock increases the pressure between his hands, an ache in his throat,
“Mind palace too noisy?”
“Difficult.” Sherlock gives a considering nod. “Also accurate. A bit of an understatement, but accurate nonetheless.”
Sherlock’s focus snaps back to her. “Hm? Oh. It’s nothing you should concern yourself with. He just sort of… does that sometimes. It’s a very common thing. Habit, really. You get used to it.”
Sherlock knows the statement he made whilst walking the world like Lazarus of Bethany had been false in its entirety. That is demonstrable. Undeniable. It had been borne of hurt and dismay; pathos to the very core. However, the reverse was—and still is—terribly true.
“Behave for Molly,” he says, gesturing with the last icing-covered piece in what Sherlock assumes is meant to be a threatening manner. “She’s doing you a favour because she cares about you. So don’t be—you know. Overly obnoxious. Keep the demeaning comments to a minimum.”
This is my Samarra, he thinks. This is where the road ends.
To use Mary’s words, he must save John Watson.
Idly, he wonders just how many of these disks Mary had prepared. It has been two so far, two delivered at strangely opportune times, which means there were two events Mary predicted successfully, even if by chance. And if two disks were already set up to be delivered in this particular fashion, set up with whatever sort of pending live-conditions they had that would eventually set them loose into the world, who’s to say there aren’t more?
“Well, they must know to some extent, obviously, though I’d wager their knowledge stops sometime before adolescence.”
John perks awake at the rustling. He opens one eye and watches Sherlock drift to the left side of the bed.
“Mm, so she is. Doesn’t get it from me, though. Not with my rubbish skills.” John’s eyes glitter with mischief. “Must be her tutor.”
But he swallows a novel’s worth of adjectives, and says, “Smarter than he looks.”
Sherlock died, and that entanglement had been left to unspool in his absence. He’d spent the better part of two years chasing criminals abroad whilst his heart thrummed away within the walls of London, an ever-present reminder that he had something (some
Realisation settles in. “John—”
Sherlock can’t help but smile. “It wouldn’t be the first time.”
, comes the cavalier reply.
In these tender seconds, John is not the troubled man with an ex-assassin for a wife.
“Not exactly,” says Sherlock. “But I will be.”
“Shh,” he murmurs into her tawny blond hair, breathing in the scent of soap and youth and baby powder. “Daddy will be back in a moment. He wouldn’t leave without saying goodbye, I promise you. I know the concept of object permanence hasn’t fully formed with you just yet, even if your developmental progress does surpass that of your peers, but you must believe me when I tell you that he will return. John is good like that.”
As John leaves his plate with the other dishes by the bin and crosses the shop to leave, Sherlock follows his movements along his periphery. He catalogues the length of John’s strides, the way John holds himself, the receding tension in his body. The exhaustion is evident, but still nothing compared to how it had been at Baker Street.
“Right. Well, I think that’s everything.”
It comes back in a crackling smutch of autumn: the bonfire and its writhing reds, its smoking greys, its smothering, orange-bright heat. All of it smears and smudges together until it coalesces into a pyre of assorted branches and pallets and logs, and a three-years-ago Sherlock realises with sickening clarity that John has been snared beneath the whole of it, stuffed down at the bottom to be unconscious kindling, and then he can feel the slam of asphalt under his feet as it gives way to earth and grass, feel the warm press of bodies as he barrels through the cheering crowd, feel the fire as it snaps and swells and seethes.
“They’ve locked the windows this time. I wonder if you’re the only patient they’ve done that for.” John huffs a soft laugh as he takes the empty cup and tosses it in the nearby bin. “Did you really climb all the way down to the pavement? The window was open when Lestrade and I came by. You did, didn’t you?”
“Not in the face, though, please,” says Mycroft, his voice enshrouded in a terrible calm. “I promised my brain to the Royal Society.”
Sherlock slows his steps. He leans down, grabs the cow skull by one curved horn, and hefts it up so that it hangs level with his waist. When he pivots on his foot, he finds John already there with the old pair of black and white noise-cancelling headphones, freshly brushed free of dust, and after a moment of wordless mutual decision, John slips them over its head with a flourish of the dangling cord.
Sherlock nods in reply.
“You’ve broken into—no, you know what? Never mind. That shouldn’t surprise me. What’s a little house breaking between siblings.” John sighs, working the heel of his palm against one eye. “Look, I meant it in the information sense. It’s Mycroft we’re talking about. Do you really think he’s going to be forthcoming about all this?”
As John accepts the disk and crosses the clean expanse of his sitting room to kneel in front of the DVD player, Sherlock steps out from the small foyer under the stairs and takes position by the sofa. He elects to remain standing, clasping his hands together behind his back, the very portrait of patience to belie the fact that he waits on tenterhooks.
Forcing it all back down into the cold, cramped corners where it never should have left, Sherlock meets John halfway across the carpet in a few short strides and relinquishes Rosie with the utmost care.
Sherlock frowns. “‘The other one’?”
And if she had. If she had. If, if,
John entertains a tight frown, picking at spongy lemon drizzle with the tines of his fork. His head of silver-wheat is a little mussed from the wind and his eyes still have a slight reddened appearance, but a touch of dishevelment has never detracted from his charm. John could be in muddy jeans with sweat-sticky hair and a criminal’s blood stained down his shirtfront and he’d be no less handsome than he would be groomed and pressed and clad in a well-tailored suit.
“You can’t be serious. The place is in shambles.”
John, has known him for years, and despite all the secret sisters and furtive textings and indescribable losses and near death experiences and the inevitable danger that’s sure to be ahead, Sherlock also knows it is only a matter of time.
“A what?” John blinks. “Wait. I know that name. That’s a type of violin, isn’t it? One of the rare ones?”
“It crossed my mind,” he admits.
“Yeah. It was something I said when you were in hospital after all the—” John swallows. He glances to the mantel and clears his throat with a stuttery cough. “Right. Well, Mycroft and his spooks came and raided the flat that evening. He didn’t know what caused your self-destructive episode and he was determined to find out. We were talking in the middle of it, and—and he’d said something, previously, when he rang me the night you left Baker Street. He said being your brother made no difference, that it didn’t the last time and it wouldn’t with you. I thought it a bit weird then, the wording, but it gave me a feeling, and there he was, so I asked.”
John folds the note shut and averts his gaze to the fireplace. One hand tightens and curls on his lap, knuckles wrought pallid with the strain. The same muscle in his jaw gives another flex.
But he’ll do it. He will. He will brave the brimstone and harrow the hellfire. He’ll do it because John Watson must be kept alive, no matter the cost, and if putting himself in mortal danger will save John, then there is no question as to what must be done. Sherlock knows he can’t manage the ‘happy’ clause of his non-negotiable, not now, not on his own, but given the chance, given enough time, it might be possible. Alive is what matters first and foremost; happy can wait.
“I’ve no idea. His comment does seem a bit ominous, though, doesn’t it? Implying there was a last time where sibling status didn’t matter. That can’t be a good thing.”
He recalls a cold winter night spent by the sitting room hearth’s vigorous blaze. He recalls John nestled half asleep in his chair, a blanket strewn over his legs and his computer in his lap, his fingers stilled and resting on the keys. He recalls playing the violin by the curtained window, pleasant, purposeful, a lulling nocturne for the soldier whose traumas still hunted him in dreamscapes.
Sherlock flaps a hand in dismissal. “Not blackmail. Blackmail is more Mycroft’s area.”
“No, I mean it,” says John. “Really, I do. And this is…” He waves his fork, as if it might help grasp for words. “God, I don’t know. Bad. Rough. Difficult.”
“Excellent choice, Watson,” he says. “Even with your limited exposure, you are developing quite the refined taste. You ought to persuade Daddy to let you listen to classical composers more often. Paganini in particular might capture your interest; he’s a favourite of mine. Tell John to start with his
No, he thinks. No, it probably can be that bad. It definitely can be that bad.
, chides Mycroft.
John lapses into sudden silence. His gaze drops down to stare at Faith’s elongated script, evasive, and a muscle jumps in his jaw. He works down a thick swallow, fingers pressing crinkles into the paper.
“Is that his version of an apology, then? Sending a clean-up crew to tidy the place after his criminally insane sister tries to blow it up?”
He gets out and shuts the door behind him, affording a perfunctory nod of thanks to the officers inside. John trots over to meet him, his breath uncurling in a translucent puff. He mutters something about having to find another minder for Rosie—unfortunate, that—but it’s something that will have to wait until morning. Or until the end of the week.
After all, he would do anything for John.
, and he’s trying to be kind. He understands that being forced to choose between blood and heart is a cruel, impossible choice. He understands there is more at play here than the surface shows. He understands that this is more than putting the life of a brother and the life of a friend on a set of balancing scales to weigh and measure them for their strengths, their merits. He understands that this is more than the one found wanting being doomed to have a bullet buried in his chest by Sherlock’s own hand.
? For what purpose?”
“I’m going to have Mycroft ask after it.”
He really must stop waking up in hospitals.
Yes. Yes, he must be logical about this. He must remain unobjective. Divorce the sentiment, the misplaced envy, the low thrum of panic. Now is neither the time nor the place. Only facts matter. Everything else is irrelevant.
An unsettling weight cements itself atop his stomach. The excitement that has been snapping through his veins ratchets up a notch and tips over its blade-thin edge into something tight and twisty and wrong. It drops, leaden, into his extremities, into the too-tight hollow of his chest, and he lets it stop him in the middle of the carpet, the texture of its fibres soft and plush under his bare arches.
“That’s not what I meant.” John makes a noise, exasperated yet concerned. “It’s just, you know, you’ve been through a lot these past—Jesus, I don’t even know how long it’s been. Twelve hours? Sixteen? Longer? I’ve no idea. Look, the point is you’ve been through hell and back tonight, almost literally, and that has to be… difficult.”
“Believe it or not, that is not actually a good way to prevent me from getting cross with you.”
“Right. And took a cab. And God only knows what else.”
Mousy hair pulled into a dishevelled bun, Molly nudges in with her handbag hooked over her shoulder, thin grey cardigan unbuttoned at the throat. She smiles at John and then at Sherlock—and it changes there, he notes, lessening, shaping with what might be concern—before she weaves her way round the other tables to where they have sequestered themselves in the very corner.
Sherlock stands amongst the sharks in the watery-blue ambiance of London Aquarium, statue-still and adrenaline sick, watching John curl himself against the limp figure of his murdered wife. The blood at Mary’s ribs is slick and black in the light; it coats Sherlock’s left glove, smeared, settling between the stitches as the burn of copper and gunpowder skims the edge of every inhale. Her face had been tight with agony only moments ago, but now the muscles have relaxed into neutrality. Her brain has already begun its shutdown; her heart has ceased to beat. The woman in John’s arms is Mary Watson in name alone.
Sherlock frowns. “No. Why would we?”
“Worse than me being in hospital with double kidney failure,” muses Sherlock, tapping his fingertips together. “Well, I shouldn’t think we’ll be
John narrows his eyes. “That’s operant conditioning.”
The weight of the gun in Sherlock’s right hand is solid and heavy as he levels it at Mycroft. Warmth suffuses the metal and perspiration dampens the grip. All of it is a stark reminder of the choice that looms ahead—the choice he has yet to make, the decision to which he cannot bring himself to commit.
. Not easily.”
“Forty-seven cities,” he says.
“Shit,” John agrees. “Yeah. Yeah, that about sums it up.”
With a firm jaw, he stabs the parcel’s leftmost corner and whirls around on his heel. He paces the room with his hands in a tight temple beneath his chin, narrowing his focus to the force, the pressure, the texture. The wallpaper smears into a blur and the furniture tips back and forth as he makes his constant circles, but he notices little more than the path stretched before him.
Sherlock never knew a colour could look so violent.
The ache in Sherlock’s chest comes careening back with a force that fairly winds him.
“Commit suicide,” Sherlock supplies.
How empty it must have felt, he thinks, dragging a hand beneath his Belstaff to press against the seam of his scar. How heavy and crushing it must have been. John is such a stalwart figure, showing only the most steadfast resolve in the face of danger, and yet the absence of a single person in his life had begun to weather even him to ruin. Sherlock once thought grief a foreign concept he could only imagine, but tonight has proven it’s a concept with which he is all too familiar—so familiar that he’d managed to rewrite his own childhood memories—and he doesn’t know what he is supposed to do.
“Ah. So that’s where this whole ‘east wind’ thing comes from, then.” John crooks his arm and rests his cheek on his palm. “A bit unnerving. Not that getting shot wasn’t unnerving, mind, but the east wind, the force that lays waste to the unworthy, it’s supposed to be her. Sort of explains Mycroft’s little story, hm?”
“He read that off a menu,” says John.
“Now, you listen to me,” he says, his voice soft and low. “I know this isn’t an ideal situation for you, but it must be done. You want your mummy back, don’t you?”
“Right. Okay. Good.” John nods and downs it in one bite before gathering up his plate. “Well, I’m off. The minder’s probably wondering why I’m so bloody late. I’ll see you at six tomorrow, yeah?”
God, he’d been wrong. That is the truth, unequivocal and stark: he’d been wrong.
Because Sherlock has leapt from a building for John. He has gone undercover, destroyed a criminal network, withstood brutal floggings for John. He has suffered rebirth, chased life, and even cheated death for John. Dying for him would have just been one step further.
In the midst of his rocking, Sherlock takes a glance toward the sitting room’s open doorway. No footsteps, no voices, no commotion in the stairwell—indication that John hasn’t left Mrs Hudson’s yet. Knowing her, she’s probably wrangled him into another cup of tea that has been thinly disguised as a chance for John to go over Rosie’s routines for the hundredth time. It’s just as well, really.
“No,” says John, voice stern. “No, I’m not arguing about this. Christ, Sherlock, this has been… hell. Utter hell. For the both of us. For you most of all, but it’s been hell for me, too, and—and the least I can do, the
Sherlock gives the finished message a once over. Satisfied, he presses send and slips his mobile into his trouser pocket. If his conjectures are correct and the respective recipients are receptive to his offer, within the next hour he will have the start of a very elaborate scheme that will knock a certain government representative down a few pegs.
A second or two after the downstairs door snicks shut, Rosie makes an anguished cry.
And if he’s honest, he wouldn’t really mind. More videos, that is. More dead man’s switches delivering more pre-recorded disks. Hearing her voice might pick at the fossil of guilt still earthed deep within the vault of his chest, but he still misses her, remembers her, and having her check in once in a while, even in the posthumous form of a DVD…
“Professional
, but it’s fine. He’s got John and he’s got Rosie (and he’s got Mary, too, even if she is in Morocco), and they are enough. The mutinous depths of him hunger for more (because they will always, always hunger for more), but this is what he is permitted, this is all he can have, this wonderful little facsimile of domesticity, and he knows he mustn’t take such pleasure in it, he knows, but—God, surely it can’t be so bad?
Crunched between the bench and his departed wife, John seems to erode. He hunches further inward, body compacted into a mere fraction of his height, his arm encircling Mary as if he might somehow shield her from the inevitable. His face tenses and his shoulders shiver. Every fault line within him fractures open, creasing with grief, and magma-thick misery wells up from down beneath.
Prying his hands apart, Sherlock lets them drop into fists at his sides and digs the pad of each thumb into the side of each forefinger. He holds them there,
John’s eyes follow him about the darkened room. “Right, but that wasn’t Faith. We know that now.”
“I have,” he says, a smile stealing in.
“How are you feeling?”
“And took a cab.”
Sherlock glances to him. “No?”
“Yes. Yes, commit suicide.” John pulls another inhale. “Christ. You were going to do it. You really were, weren’t you?”
That has John giggling. “I hope you’ll wait on the blood for her sake.”
“I’ve got a few bolt-holes here and there,” he says. “They should suffice.”
“Sherlock?” he asks, tone tentative and testing.
Thoroughly set off-kilter, Sherlock shuts his eyes again and flaps his hands outward in an attempt to banish his mind palace courtroom mid-session. All of the players disperse and dematerialise amongst the wooden seats, leaving small arched placards in their wake. The evidence still lies upon the centre podium (the blacklight-shown
“They might have done in some small capacity, but it was clear she didn’t care for him as a colleague or a peer. If she hadn’t wanted him to face repercussions for his recreational murders, he would have been much more difficult to expose. Her sole intent was to get me involved. Once that was accomplished, she simply withdrew and watched.” He draws a deep inhale and walks another circuit round the room. “Right. What else happened? What else did she say? There must have been more. The chips, the evening, the note. Then what? The gun?”
“It’s going to cost him, isn’t it?”
Sherlock does not respond. Instead, he taps his fingers by the trackpad and continues to watch Mary’s GPS coordinates slowly decrement, her red circle coasting just along the outskirts of Errachidia. The shift in speed from before suggests a land vehicle rather than aeroplane; she’d changed transportation at approximately four o’clock yesterday morning. If his conjecture is correct, she will choose a place to rest once she is further from the city, which will provide them with a window of moderate leeway.
