He was tired. He was
“I know. I’m sorry,” Steve said. He brushed Tony’s hair back from his forehead. “Lay down again, I’ll get you a warm wash cloth. Maybe that’ll help a bit.”
“I think my body can be persuaded,” Steve agreed.
His words dropped off, and he felt stupid for even thinking it. He felt even more stupid with the way Steve stiffened up behind him momentarily, like he did every time the subject came up. He should’ve just kept his mouth shut.
“Mhm,” Tony said. He’d picked another four, the last one requiring him stretch up pretty far. Looking around the tree it was a little hard to see any more at his level.
He didn’t want to do that now though, wanted to lean forward instead, in to Steve’s space, so he could watch those blue eyes grow darker, hazier, and see the red spread on his cheeks, take in the volume of the blond’s moans as Tony rode him with surprising vigor, given how Steve had already exhausted him earlier. But hey, it wasn’t hard to catch his second wind with such a view.
He had been halfway to the elevator when he realized that he didn’t want to miss another opportunity, that he wanted to be honest about what he felt, and what he thought Tony felt. He couldn’t imagine going through the next few months without at least talking to Tony, even if it was just on the phone. He wasn’t going to let another chance slip through his fingers, and so he was here now, being horribly candid about the whole thing.
Still, mountains of paperwork and meetings didn’t mix well with taking care of a ten month old. Most days, if he wasn’t careful, and didn’t have enough caffeine, Tony was out like a light by 8:30. He didn’t really mind, because he loved being a parent just as much as he loved being Iron Man(that role had taken a backseat for a long time now which was a blessing and a curse) but sometimes it was a little much, especially when beforehand, he was staying up well past midnight. A lot of things had changed, which was just the nature of parenthood, but sometimes it wore Tony down a little more than he wanted to.
That felt nice. It soothed him that much more, seeing that Steve was distraught too. Maybe Tony’s delusions earlier, his intrusive thoughts, really were just that: silly little thoughts his brain came up with, designed to hurt him and nothing more. Maybe he really was lucky enough to have had Steve’s love this last year, and to continue having it.
Steve didn’t last long the first time they did it, after being filled with cock for the first time in years, and she ended up fucking him three times that night, until he was open and hot and over-stimulated, and decided that hell yes, he wanted to do it again.
Peter hid his face against Tony’s neck to escape the tickling, scrunched his nose up and tried to hide his smile, and the brunet laughed a little. “You can say that again,” he sighed wistfully.
“So how about it?” Tony asked, eyes full of pleading. “Do you want to? Will you?” He thought he knew the answer, but he still had to be sure. After all, the last week or so had been pretty rocky between them, and Tony had been plenty unfair, but maybe Rhodey would forgive him, would still be willing to stick things out with him.
“I had to do a bit of snooping around for this one,” Tony explained as they walked. “Lots of searching through boxes and decades’ worth of embarrassing shit.”
“Fuck, Steve—“ Tony moaned, his eyes shut tight. “More…”
“He wasn’t the only one disappointed by our decision,” T’challa added. “But we did not share our secrets with the world to fill it with more oppression. Oversight is necessary, yes, but all things must have their limitations.”
“I would’ve believed it,” Tony said, grinning. “You’ve always been full of surprises.”
Tony let out a little involuntary gasp at the gesture, at how fluttery and happy it made him feel. Whenever Steve touched him, it was like every inch of him had caught flame, filled him with heat, but a kind heat, like a divine flame. He knew how ridiculous that sounded, and that he was probably just being stupid even thinking it, but he couldn’t help it. God, how was this real? How was he this lucky? How was he lucky enough to have Steve Rogers in his life, in any capacity?
Steve was on his way. Tony had laid it all out for him when he finally
Thankfully he only had to push a little before it was all over, properly. They’d already cut the umbilical cord. He’d been too out of it to pay attention when it happened, so the mess of placenta between his legs was cleared away in favor of prodding hands, checking him over for injuries. He didn’t have the energy to feel awkward about it. He didn’t have any energy at all.
long.
Tony circled around Steve now, taking in the view, trying to see if any last minute adjustments had to be made. He stopped behind Steve, couldn’t help but grin a little at the sight. He’d done a really nice job. “Well, I think it’s just about ready. How do you like it?”
“What kind of issue?” Rhodey asked.
The bed he was in now wasn’t like his bed at home. It was a full sized bed, for one, which meant that there wasn’t a lot of room to begin with, and he was sharing it with Steve, which meant there wasn’t any room at all. It was times like this that he was actually thankful for his height, for their size difference. It made it easier to lay together, with Steve pressed against his back and following the curve of his body. The soldier’s arm was slung over his waist, heavy, familiar, almost like a seatbelt. Tony felt like he needed one.
And that was how they ended up here, almost two and a half hours later, with Steve’s cock hard and throbbing in Tony’s ass, the brunet occupied with a book while Steve tried to complete his painting.
This is so, so self-indulgent. If you've known me longer than 2 weeks, chances are you know I LOVE werewolves. Tasty.
With Steve’s arms wrapped around him, Tony could breathe a little easier. He always could. He could still remember his father’s words though, still felt his arm and hip aching alongside his heart. “Tell me you love me,” he pleaded softly after a few moments, his voice a little muffled against Steve’s shoulder.
“I’d rather you didn’t,” Steve admitted, smiled back. He held up the bouquet of flowers he’d bought, offered them to the brunet. “You deserve a lot more than this, but it’s a start, I hope?”
“You’re right. You’re right, I just got a little—I’m sorry.”
The blond sighed. “Looking forward to it, sweetheart.”
The egg, cheese and bacon sandwich he was greeted with was just the thing he needed to properly wake him up, and he didn’t have a lot of time to talk while eating it. He kind of devoured it, honestly. Something so simple had never felt so good after a night of distress, of enough tears shed to fill a glass.
Tony whimpered, moaned low in his throat, his fingers twisted in the sheets as Steve pumped his fingers in and out, bent low over him and pressed kisses to his hot skin, grazed his teeth against Tony’s shoulder, licked the seam of his lips. Tony’s mouth opened automatically, and Steve swallowed down his moan as he pressed his fingers against his prostate once again, pulled his fingers out to tease against his lube slicked rim, and sunk back in, deeper.
His vision started filling with tears, and his throat felt tight, like hands were locked around it. He almost wished they were. He wished he was dying, or that he was already dead, because he fucking deserved it. It would make everything easier. Maybe everything would be better without him. Tony hated himself, hated every decision that had led him here. He was a failure. He’d always been a failure, and would always
Steve pulled off of his cock with a soft pop, licked his spit-slick lips. “What was that about a stick?” he teased.
, because he couldn’t take it anymore. He just couldn’t.
, Tony…”
. There was no way the world would let me have you, at least not without a hell of a lot of drama.”
Steve had lots of practice dealing with Tony’s less than respectable behavior, with his little games, but even he couldn’t always easily subdue the brunet’s defiant nature. Sometimes those chaste touches had to turn to something more, when Tony really tried his patience, like he was doing now.
He let out a harsh exhale.
, as crazy as it seemed.
Tony couldn’t help but let out a yelp when the blond dove in properly, probed his already loose hole, licked deeper and deeper, like he was fucking him with just his long tongue, sloppy and wet and wild. Steve was already good at eating ass in human form. When he was like this, massive and intimidating and a little feral? It was maddeningly good.
“I told you the last time we saw each other, you and your team are always welcome to stay, even if you are technically criminals now. I’m honestly surprised it took this long for you to accept the offer,” he replied.
The soldier thought on her question for a second, tried to decide what position he wanted, drinking in the sight of her above him. Normally he preferred being on his knees, face down, ass up when getting pegged, but Tasha was so fucking gorgeous tonight, stunning in her lingerie, that he didn’t want to miss a second of staring at her, of being able to touch her.
“I do,” Steve replied with a nod, smiling a little. He leaned over the bed, grazed his teeth against the brunet’s neck. “And so do you. That’s why you’re such a brat, isn’t it? Can’t survive without me punishing you, pinning you down and fucking you into the sheets.”
Steve didn’t protest, simply flipped them around so his back was against the bed, and Tony was up on his lap. His hands immediately braced the brunet’s hips, but Tony pulled them away, intertwined their fingers and pinned Steve’s hands to the bed. He didn’t waste any time adjusting his position, and lifting himself a little, sinking down hard and fast, in a way that had both of them moaning.
Tony’s eyes swept over his form appreciatively, and that tone of voice made a chill ripple down his spine. Oh he
When Tony woke up, he had a monster of a headache. Without opening his eyes, he could feel the hammering, knew that the light filling the room would be murder on his eyes.
have dumped a glass of wine on someone’s shoes when his father wasn’t looking, and Steve had witnessed it all through the crowd, because it had all happened in the span of 10 minutes, shortly before Howard introduced the two of them, and Tony spent the rest of the evening finding new and interesting ways to garner Steve’s attention, to wrap his fingers around his heartstrings.
Just the thought sent a shiver of anticipation up his spine.
Neither did Sam. He hoped never to have a blow up like that day again, for any reason. “Do you… Is there any news from the
“You should go back to bed,” Rhodey suggested, putting a hand on his shoulder. It didn’t take a genius to notice how exhausted Tony was. All of this really couldn’t have come at a worse time. “They’ll be suspicious if we’re ready for them.”
Steve’s arm wound around Tony’s back, held him gently. Steve’s body was warm against his, his cologne subtle and the aroma familiar, stunningly good. He had good taste, and the benefit of Tony’s deep pockets. But Tony would probably love whatever he wore, because it was
Unlike the other people in Tony’s life, Steve didn’t mind. He thought it was kind of adorable, really. It never ceased to make him feel warm and light when Tony went on and on, because he was actually pretty funny most of the time, his words carefully chosen (for the most part) despite his long-windedness, and Steve especially loved it on the rare occasions Tony actually got tongue-tied, like whenever Steve kissed him a certain way or lifted him, pressed him against the wall. (Steve had a pretty serious work-out routine especially for that privilege.)
He looked like a haunted, broken man, and it wasn’t nice to look at. Whatever emergency he had to address was clearly of utmost importance, because the desperation in his eyes, on his face, was apparent.
He thought about Steve again. Steve, who should be here, at his side. Steve, who should have laughed and cried along with him, held their son for the first time by now. Steve, who was, to Tony’s knowledge, still missing. He thought he might cry again, swallowed hard around the lump in his throat.
“Can’t sleep?” Steve muttered behind him.
It felt, in a word, heavenly, after the day Steve had, and after the trouble Tony had gone through. With increasingly busy schedules, and the world changing around them, moments like this were priceless, felt too good to be true, like a dream. It had become evident over the last year together, and especially tonight, that Steve
It didn’t take Tony long at all to cum like that, with Steve moaning above him, encouraging him, giving him kisses, telling him how gorgeous he was.
The blond werewolf pitched his hips forward, his cock sliding against Tony’s cheeks, up his tailbone. He was already leaking from the head a little, and his flesh felt hot against the brunet’s skin, and hell did he want it.
Steve felt the same way. He was terrified of losing Tony, of losing the life they had started to build together. When he awoke in the future a few years ago, he felt entirely lost, and alone, stumbling along a memory-littered path, unable to reach out and form a connection, unable to find his footing. It took so long to find a sense of peace, to stop dreaming about the past that he could never return to. The day the Avengers were formed, the day he met Tony and the others, Steve finally found a sense of hope, and now he had so much more. He had a home, not only a physical one, but a home for his heart, and he wouldn’t trade it for the world.
But if they weren’t? If the team was in danger? What if something disastrous had happened? What if they’d been caught, or worse,
“You’re not,” Tony insisted. He brushed a hand through the soldier’s hair soothingly. “What’s wrong?”
Steve into anything, he sure as hell (in his opinion) didn’t have to act happy about it when he didn’t get what he wanted. Because he was a brat. Steve didn’t always give in, didn’t want to encourage Tony’s bad behavior, (because let’s be honest, he had to learn at some point) but sometimes Tony won. What choice did Steve have right now? He couldn’t let Tony keep acting out. He was starting to make a scene, honestly, and that was the last thing any of them needed.
The logo on the side of the cups and the bag told him they were from a local place, maybe a Brooklyn specialty that Tony had never heard of. He rarely found himself in small businesses, especially since leaving MIT, but sometimes he thought about them, about those quaint little shops on street corners with honest, hard-working people, with dedicated customers and a sense of community. He thought about what it’d be like to belong to a community like that, to be himself, honestly, without the pressures of a title or name or a fortune big enough to fund a small country.
“I miss him,” Wanda said softly.
But were his hopes in vain? Was he just subjecting himself, his child, to more suffering? Would the knife be twisted in his back
“So polite,” Tony teased. He leaned down, let his breath ghost over the thick head. “But only when you want to be.”
Tony understood. It was exciting! Of course they’d been together a long time, and really nothing had changed (except their last names. They
to get him loose enough to take her strap, but she never minded.
“I spend my time on you because you’re worth it,” Steve replied, smiling a little, though his cheeks were probably turning pink too. “And I’m not perfect. I don’t like washing dishes,” the blond joked.
back then, we all did. You didn’t push us into anything. I’ve been blaming you for everything, because…well, because it was damn easier than thinking that I was a fool, that I should’ve just bit the bullet and done my time. I still believe in the team. I still want to do good, but…maybe this wasn’t the way to do it after all.”
He felt…overwhelmed, in every sense of the word. It was all so bittersweet. He had a baby. He had a family now, someone to love and take care of. He never imagined he’d be so lucky. But it wasn’t perfect. It wasn’t the way it was for everyone else.
, giving him what he wanted, what he needed. People rarely did that, unless paid to, and it made Tony’s heart squeeze in his chest.
She emphasized her final words with sharp thrusts, adjusted her position a little to give him the rougher pace he was after. Steve was a super soldier after all, so she didn’t have to be that careful, and he didn’t
“So good,” Tony agreed, and patted Steve’s side lovingly. He nuzzled the blond’s neck, pressed a kiss to his bond mark. “Thank you, honey.”
Jesus, he wanted it. He was so close to getting it too. He was tempted to take matters into his own hands, to take what he wanted already. He envied Steve’s self control honestly. He was obviously raring to go, they both were, but he was just so damn disciplined that he could hold off, postpone the inevitable much longer than some other people. Tony was a little more hedonistic: He wanted what he wanted, and he wanted it
Tony tilted his head back, a truly self-satisfied grin on his face.
Steve laughed at that. He wasn’t exactly embarrassed or shy about his singing, but being complimented about it always got him a little flustered. “You’re ridiculous,” he said, hugging Tony a little tighter.
“It’s really nice. It’s very…you,” Tony replied, because it was true.
called, and although he felt relief, knowing that the blond was okay, that there was still a chance to make things better for their baby, he couldn’t help but feel a storm of confliction.
Steve turned instantly to look at him at the touch. His blue eyes were so full of reverence that Tony’s heart skipped a beat. The blond bent down a little at his new partner’s words, brought Tony’s hand to his lips and kissed it.
“No! I’m sick of this nonsense! For months now I’ve been hounded about this shit. For
to make an announcement. We’re going to catch these bastards with or without your help. This has gone on long enough.”
“Thank you Tony,” Steve replied, and he smiled a little. “I really appreciate it.”
He felt like a fool.
Steve gently grasped his hand, gave it a reassuring squeeze. He brushed his thumb over the band-aid still clinging to his skin. “That’s alright with me. I’ll wait as long as you need to,” he replied, and there was promise in his tone. “I’ll never touch you without your permission.”
“I want you to be mine too,” he started. “But…but we couldn’t really
“You beat the fuckers up. You came to help me. You…told me you loved me,” Tony started. His dark eyes were filled with trepidation, awe, and a little yearning. “Did you mean it?” he asked. He needed to be sure before he moved any closer.
Tony was certain that he’d never feel lonely enough to end up at a stupid, terrible party ever again.
Steve looked at him, the depth in his blue eyes expressing a lifetime’s worth of relief. “I am,” he said. “I really am.”
Steve growled, deep and irritated, and Tony had to hide his grin. Steve had a possessive streak a mile wide, and normally hid it very well, except for moments like this, when his buttons were pushed. “That’s not funny,” he barked out.
The Kimoyo beads on his bracelet began to glow, vibrated softly, diverted his attention. He lifted his wrist, and raised a brow. “A priority update from the United Nations panel,” he explained.
Either way, the sight of Tony resting in the shade, relaxed and messy, all tanned skin and ease, his dark eyes focused on the book in his hand, managed to be kind of magical. The Alpha was a damn good candid model. Peter laying at his side, his little hands curled into fists and cherubian face calm and illuminated by sun shafts filtering through the leaves, made the picture that much sweeter.
Tony grinned at him, his dark eyes filled with affection, a little darker still with his obvious arousal.
“That’s useless,” Nat replied, shaking her head. “They saw where we landed—they’ll have picked the area apart by now. Let’s hope everything melted. We really don’t want anything falling into the UN’s hands.”
“The damn thing runs slow. The programming is too complex to decode, like all of Stark’s stuff, but my technicians are under the impression there’s a deliberate delay in the GPS. It sends notifications late. Two hours late, to be precise.” None of them missed the irritation in the Secretary’s voice, in his scent. He regarded them all suspiciously, unpleasant eyes filled with disdain.
Steve’s massive paws were braced on either side of him, his weight leaving a sizable dip in the mattress. His claws had already scratched up the sheets a little, but Tony would simply buy more. It was worth losing a couple of Egyptian sheets for getting railed by the big bad wolf.
, and he hadn’t, and that made it difficult to properly relate to them like he used to. It made him feel like an outcast more than anything, like he didn’t belong anywhere anymore, and that was a hard feeling to get used to. He spent his days feeling lonely, and restless, like a wandering ghost. Being around Tony? Well, that changed things.
Steve held him a little tighter, his heart warm and full with Tony in his arms like this. “No thanks required,” he replied. “You needed it, with everything going on lately.”
“Why don’t we play a little game?” Tony had suggested, sliding his hand up Steve’s broad back, settling on his shoulder. The plaza was kind of crowded, given it was already noon, so the motion drew no attention, and Tony was well aware of the anonymity they were granted at the moment.
Steve’s face only fell more, his expression full of guilt and desperation.  “I need to talk to him,” he said again. “Please.” Every second that passed without a phone in his hands made him feel more panicked, more helpless.
to punch, and the media can be damned,” he huffed.
No, this wasn’t a bored Tony, this was a Tony who was absolutely
he couldn’t be happy about, because he hated working for the government, had promised himself that he wouldn’t do it again, but here he was,
Thankfully, he didn’t have to finish the demand.
The jeans didn’t get quite the loving treatment his shirt had, ended up in the unruly pile Tony’s clothes had already formed on the floor, and the same went for his underwear. His cock was almost painfully hard, and warm, standing tall and wet against his belly, and with the way Tony was spread out on the bed, his skin flushed and chest heaving, his hole already so loose and inviting, Steve didn’t think he’d last long. But he was a super soldier, and one of the blessings that came with it was his low refractory period. Depending on how Tony felt, he would be more than willing to fuck him again and again and
. Tony knew it was just because it was cold out and he was freezing (his fingertips felt like ice cubes at this point) but something about it still filled him with a possessive warmth. He’d have a hard time giving the garment back, when they got to Steve’s apartment. (Oh fuck. He’d never been to Steve’s apartment before, had never seen that intimate space, that private place that no one else got to see. Steve didn’t like having people over, from what Tony could tell, so the thought that he could be the first visitor, that Steve would let him stay there, if only for a few hours, was enough to make his heart flutter.)
“Can’t you find a different way to track it?”
talk to me like that again, you ungrateful little bastard!” Howard growled out. “I am your
Tony scooted over on his bed a little as Steve stood dumbfounded. He was careful not to disrupt Peter too much, who was awake, but quiet for the moment. He swallowed hard, silenced the protests in his brain, the memories of pain and suffering.
Steve leaned down, pressed a kiss on his forehead. “You are,” he replied. “I think I should show you how good you are, thank you for being so good. Will you let me?”
“You know I-I don’t know yet,” Steve admitted, and it made his heart flutter with something he hadn’t felt in so long—excitement. He was going home. He was going to see Tony. He was going to see
He could imagine this was a better situation, a genuine embrace. He could imagine that they were two lovers taking a moonlit stroll. He could imagine that Tony’s eyes weren’t filled with tears, that he wasn’t simply in need of a shoulder to cry on, and that he was happy, being here with Steve. He could imagine leaning down, kissing Tony, telling him he loved him and hearing the brunet say it in return, and that things were beautiful and perfect and good. But that wasn’t the case now, wasn’t his reality, and no amount of wishing would change it.
He didn’t seem worried about it though. He rarely was.
He preferred not to find out.
Steve’s fingers tugged at his hair, and it was the scientist’s turn to moan. It sent chills down his back, and he was getting hard too, could feel himself start to strain his own shorts. He didn’t want to touch himself quite yet though, wanted to leave that to Steve, like he’d requested. He continued his ministrations, sucking his gorgeous husband off at a measured pace, fondling his balls until he could feel them start to pull up a little tighter, could feel the thick cock in his mouth pulse a little.
“It’s worked out so far, hasn’t it? In her check ins she seems a lot happier.”
“Get Secretary Ross on the phone.”
“So?” Steve started as he loaded their apples and cider in the trunk of the car. The trunk shut with a
Tony blinked, his eyes adjusting to the sudden darkness. “Well shit,” he said.
“Oh, you’re a bastard,” Steve replied with a sigh, but pulled his arm back, ready to take care of the groceries. He knew there were some things that had to be refrigerated, because he’d put them on the list himself, so he knew there was no leaving it for later. He wasn’t surprised Tony had tricked him like that; it wasn’t the first time. Not that he really minded. It wouldn’t take long to put the things away, and then he could rejoin his mate and child in their impromptu nap.
, and would turn out to be kind and smart and exactly what was missing from his life? Before meeting Steve, Tony hadn’t been having  a lot of luck in the romance department. He had plenty of Tinder dates and one night stands, but struggled to find a real connection, to find someone he really wanted to be with.
Tony tucked himself further into the couch, his elbow on the arm rest, hand over his eyes. “Steve? Hey, I know I might just be overreacting, or maybe you’ve taken a page out of my book and are giving
Steve felt the same way. A thousand fears had gathered and receded in his brain the moment their lips met. He felt young, and new, like another person, like this single moment had changed him, completed him more than the super soldier serum ever had. This was how love was supposed to be, he was sure, easy and kind yet intense, overwhelming in a way that left his head swimming for a moment.
Tony, Rhodey and Vision feigned ignorance of the situation of course, pretended to be surprised by his visit, and it seemed to be working. But then again, Ross had a decent pokerface.
“Lasagna and apple pie?” the brunet said, unconvinced. “Don’t know how well those two mix.”
The seeds of a plan sprouted in his brain, grew into the size of a Redwood in an instant. It wasn’t an ideal one, maybe the most costly plan he’d ever come up with, and some compromises had to be made, but he didn’t have another choice. He had to go through with it, make those compromises, for Peter.
Rhodey couldn’t get a word in edgewise until Tony’s outburst dissolved into stuttering breaths, and then into frustrated sobs. He put his arms around his friend immediately, held him tight. “Shh, it’s okay, we don’t know the whole story—Come on, Tones, just relax, we’ll figure it out.”
Ah. He understood where she was going with all of this. He’d noticed it, in the days before everything went to shit. He knew how much time they spent together, could see the joy in Wanda’s eyes whenever she regarded Vision. He hadn’t asked about it, and didn’t dare assume now, but it was clear to him there were some sort of shared feelings between them. That only made him feel more guilty, really. It was bad enough that he’d ruined his own relationship. He didn’t want to ruin someone else’s too.
“Love you, Steve, love you filling…filling me so good. God, it’s so fucking hot, you know that? It’ll never
On top of all of this, his heart felt like it was breaking. They’d fucked everything up so badly. It’d been almost a week and they still hadn’t heard from Steve and the others. They were out there somewhere, and Tony couldn’t reach them, and after all this time, after everything that happened, it made him feel so lonely. He needed to talk to Steve, just to hear him, but he was gone, was somewhere across the ocean, and now he was missing the birth of his son. Tony was delivering their baby without his mate at his side. As far as he knew, Steve would never be at his side again.
Tony smiled at that; it was the reaction he’d been waiting for. He let his hands brush up Steve’s thighs and back down again, braced his knee with one hand and reached for his balls with the other, squeezed them gently.
Steve used to be embarrassed about hickeys, always insisted they be kept hidden for propriety’s sake, but after getting married, after proclaiming to the world that they belonged together forever? He didn’t care so much about that, or PDA in general.
“Steve.”
Was it just the alcohol, or did the brunet feel like swooning suddenly?
have been, if you hadn’t done what you did for me.”
“I’m not a brat,” Tony insisted, and leaned down, kissed him softly.
A sob bubbled up in his throat, and he cut it off with a choked gasp, but Steve heard and felt it anyway.
to do it. But he did it anyway. Why is he so damn
Tony tried not to move. He didn’t want to disturb Steve, wanted the soldier to get his rest, because at least one of them needed to be alert for making plans tomorrow, but Tony couldn’t help but wish he was feeling better.
“I know,” Steve moaned. Suddenly, he regretted not taking his clothes off—the room felt a thousand degrees warm. But there was something satisfying about being clothed while Tony was completely naked, so he didn’t complain. He was seconds away from coming himself, honestly. Tony was tight, tighter than usual, a hot vice around his lube-slicked cock, and the way he was panting only made Steve hotter. It was so good. It was so good it was hard to
, but that was simply because the informational gaps had been filled in for him, and he didn’t have to wonder as much about what Tony was doing. He still felt achy, and off-kilter, and struggled to re-sharpen his senses. His heart still felt far too heavy, filled with regret and a deep sense of yearning, of desperation. He was always too hot or too cold, and although some of the paranoia, the aggression, had disappeared, he was far from feeling like himself again.
“Shh, shh,” Steve replied, lifted a hand to brush through his hair comfortingly. “I’ve got you. You’re okay, Tony,” he said, and Tony tried to believe it. He wanted to believe it.
because it’d been dropped, and crushed or burned alongside the wreckage of their only means of reliable transportation.
The soldier caught his foot, dragged Tony down the bed a little. Tony couldn’t help but let out a laugh, and Steve rolled his eyes, though had to hide a smile of his own. “What’s if I tie your little hands up?” Steve asked. “What’s if I lock that pretty cock of yours up so you can’t touch yourself?”
It’d been an hour since they crashed, since they were shot out of the sky, and sailed directly into the ground. The initial impact was hard, and the gunfire they’d taken put everything out of commission. They only had about a minute to recover and evacuate the jet though, and almost didn’t make it to safety. The cracked fuel line and shot electrical system went up in flames pretty quick, quicker than anticipated.
height to deepthroat Steve, and his mouth watered at the thought.
Steve popped open the bottle, drizzled plenty of lube over Tony’s hole, and more on his cock. He slicked up the length, held himself loosely in a fist. “We’ll see,” he replied. He could still speak in an even voice, but that had just come with practice. He was just as eager as Tony to get to it now, wanted to tumble over the edge again, to feel the brunet clench around him.
Tony smiled then, properly, and grabbed Steve’s hand, held it between his own, and his shoulders dropped a little, like all of the tension bled out of him.
Tony technically had a meeting to go to today, but that sure as hell wasn’t happening, not when he’d already spent the better part of an hour face down and ass up, Steve’s strong hands keeping him in place, keeping him at his mercy as he ate him out like he was starving for it. He kind of was. Steve loved eating Tony out, did it whenever he could. Tony would tease him about it, accuse him of having an oral fixation, if he didn’t have one himself.
, only copious amounts of physical contact will solve the issue.”
Tony’s hands flew up to his face to keep from touching himself. He let out a groan, half frustration, half despair. Every inch of him felt like it was on fire, like he was seconds away from falling apart. It made him kind of emotional in a way he didn’t expect, intense and full-bodied, and he’d finally had enough.
, and he was starting to wonder if it was worth it, if he could keep doing this. Why should he, if every decision, every good intention, every good deed was punished? Why should he keep trying? He was exhausted. He just was. He felt like he was constantly fighting a losing battle, and despite Steve’s insistence that they
“Mmm, no. I don’t think I will,” he sighed, sounding somewhat bored, if Steve wasn’t familiar with the exact pitch of his voice when he was bored.
Tony nodded. “Yeah.”
God, he wished he hadn’t fucked up so spectacularly.
He was working on the background of his still life now, set up across the room. It was a bowl of fruit, and a handful of flowers spread around the draped cloth. It wasn’t all that interesting, but he couldn’t handle anything more complex at the moment.
Steve tugged the glass from his hands, set it down on the bar. He crowded Tony, invaded his space in a way that made Steve feel huge, and that Tony, of course,
Steve really was luckier at this point. His symptoms had pulled back a fair amount, the pain in his neck almost down to tolerable levels again, though he wasn’t in perfect health, far from it really.
It would be nice. It’d be easy, so easy, to just fall into his arms, to let out everything that had been building and building and building. It’d be so easy to put himself in Steve’s hands again, to hope, and
He took a second to think of a response. “Just…worry, I guess. Or regret maybe. I don’t know…”
, and not just because you were too polite to say anything?”
He was in a supremely good mood today. Well, who wouldn’t be? The weather was nice, there wasn’t any work to be done, and he could spend plenty of time with his incredible mate and child. Steve never thought he’d be so lucky. He still thought he didn’t deserve it sometimes, after what he’d done, but Tony had forgiven him for it, had let him back in. He never took that second chance for granted.
, and he hated not knowing.
The blond seemed relaxed, content as they walked along the path towards the orchard. The path was a little muddy; it must have rained a few days ago, and Tony mourned the integrity of his shoes, but he had so many pairs it wouldn’t matter if this pair got mucked up a little. He tried not to let it bother him. Instead he took in the view, remained open-minded.
forgiven Steve, faster than he anticipated. There were moments when he still thought about it all and got angry, or worried, or felt some type of way, but on the whole, he still loved the man, his mate, and didn’t want to part from him ever again. The familiarity had seeped back into their relationship, and honestly, things were almost better now, because they’d both been changed by their experiences, and understood how to find mutual ground, how to talk things out.
he thought, and it was true. Every kiss, every warm gaze from Steve was a present in itself.
Tony pulled the jacket close around him immediately, muttered his thanks. If the lighting was better, Steve would’ve seen the gentle flush on his cheeks.
He was getting there now, getting almost too big to fit, and Tony’s rim was stretching around him on each thrust. The brunet’s moans turned high, breathless like they always did at this point, and Steve pushed in one more time, until his hips hit Tony’s ass, and he finally knotted.
, what did he have left to live for?
Tony hardly tried to stifle his giggle. Steve couldn’t see his face like this, but he didn’t need to for him to know there was a smug, delighted little grin on those plush lips.
in charge here. Good. The soldier still hadn’t forgiven him for his behavior, and wasn’t going to reward Tony with an orgasm for quite a while. His own cock was begging for attention though, tenting the fabric of his pants, and Steve knew just what to do about it.
At least one weight was lifted from his shoulders now, put him in a little better spirits. The food certainly helped too. He still had other weights to contend with though, such as the weight of the phone in his pocket, and the impersonal, quick texts he’d been exchanging with Steve lately. He knew he should be doing more, reaching out more enthusiastically for his health, but it was just hard, to open himself up again. It wasn’t fair that he had to. Sometimes he had half a mind to call the whole thing off, and go back to doing it all alone, but then his baby would stir, flutter his little feet, or shift around within him, and then Tony would remember what it was all for.
“What do you have in mind?” Steve had asked, squinting at him with a healthy amount of suspicion.
Most importantly, they’d lost the Quinjet. Without Tony here, there was no way they’d be able to get it back in working order. Hell, even
“Uh, your dick? I’m pretty sure that’s more than just lube down there making me all slippery and wet,” Tony pointed out, and he shifted a little for emphasis.
Tony’s hips bucked up at that, eager for the blond’s touch. “Yeah, touch me, please baby,” he gasped. The heat that had pooled in his groin was already unbearable. His cock was hard, straining against its confines, and he knew Steve was there too, could hear it in the way his breath was getting shakier, his pulse quickening.
He let out a strained howl at the tight heat squeezing him, warm and wet and rippling as Tony clenched, as his hole tried to adjust to the massive intrusion, pressed against his sensitive prostate, and Steve’s howl evolved into little whines, his hips giving little involuntary jerks as he started to cum.
Tony shifted Peter to his side a little to carry him easier, and nodded. “Sounds good to me. Hopefully he’ll be tired out by then. God knows I could use a nap.”
“Relax, sweetheart,” the soldier whispered as low as he could, gently rubbed his back.
“What can I say? I was raised right, not like the so-and-so’s these days,” Steve joked, rubbed his back.
“We can go get it if you want,” he offered, anxiously flexed his fingers against the steering wheel. “Besides, I’d like to get a hold of the fuckers who disrespected you, team them a lesson.”
“Mm, love you too,” the blond replied. He wrapped his hands around Tony’s legs once more, lifted them up onto his shoulders. “Now hold on, sweetheart. I’ll give you that good fucking you’ve been begging for.”
Steve didn’t let him get away so fast though.
They’d met on a rainy day. It wasn’t quite this bad, with this much wind, but plenty unpleasant.
Steve was a vision too, of course, in his swim trunks, skin a little tanner than usual thanks to their time in the sun here, water droplets glistening on his muscles. He was, as always, the picture of a perfect Alpha. His hair was wet, bangs pushed back, and his smile was dazzling as he kneeled down in the water, a hand on Peter’s back to keep him stable against the low waves.
The blood was rushing in his ears a little still, and it was kind of hard to think, everything smooth and easy and fuzzy. She always got him off just right, knew exactly how to relieve him of his tension, of the stress and burdens their daily lives came with. She knew just how to wipe away everything but the sensation of being together, of feeling good.
The blond dropped his pencil on his paper, exhaled slowly. He hadn’t been getting any better either, despite their more frequent phone calls. They were making progress, he was sure. They’d actually had a few normal conversations in the last few days. He’d even gotten Tony to
“I think this’ll be a good one!” he called to Steve, who had scooped their toddler up in his arms and was dangling his feet in the water now.
and I shouldn’t have done what I did, and I-I don’t know how you can forgive me.
? Tony was the luckiest guy on earth, he was sure, and he spent as much time as possible reaping the benefits.
“W-what?” he asked.
,” Steve said, and it turned into a little bit of a whine that gave her a rush of satisfaction, knowing how much he was enjoying it, how this gorgeous, wonderful man belonged all to her, relied on her to get what he wanted, what he needed. She’d do anything for him, and knew, without a doubt, that he would do anything for her, had proclaimed so at the altar a year and a half ago, and had never faltered in his promise.
That got Steve to laugh a little, and his smile was dazzling. “That’s the plan,” he replied, sitting up, lightly scratching his fingernails down the inside of Tony’s thighs, already spread wide for him. He tugged Tony’s underwear down, freed his straining cock, dropped the garment over the side of the bed, where Tony had shoved his jeans off the edge.
Eventually, he heard the streaming of tires on the wet street, and a pair of headlights came into view. The driver didn’t turn off the engine, merely opened the door and got out. Tony would’ve recognized his silhouette a mile away.
,” he begged, to no one in particular, his head lolling to the side.
He thought about his vision again, the one where Steve lay bloody at his feet,
Steve’s heart jumped in his chest, concern sweeping over him.
, he wanted, pretty badly. Thankfully Tony took the leap, one night after calling Steve to save him from a house party that had gone too far. Tony had cried into his chest, shaken, ashamed, and the bastard and his friends who’d tried to hurt him, to take
“And you think I had something to do with that?” Tony replied, frowning right back at him. He raised his chin proudly, like he had during their last in-person meeting.
“Look, sir, with all due respect, Tony’s right. We’re doing everything we can,” Rhodey replied, standing himself. He braced Tony’s shoulders, guided him into sitting down again.
He definitely had, but he still wanted to complain a little. “You’re lucky no one’s around to take pictures right now.”
“I know we may never have what we had. I don’t know if you’ll ever be able to let me in again, but if you do, if you give me this one chance, this one
Today had gone uninterrupted, thankfully. They’d spent the morning at their stretch of private beach after a lovely breakfast; it was a little after one in the afternoon now. They had a dinner reservation at one of the best restaurants here in Almafi, but that wasn’t until tonight. They had plenty of time to just relax, to just
I can outlast you,” Tony replied. Historically, that wasn’t true at all, but he said it with such conviction that Steve had no choice but to test the theory.
Eating helped a little. At least, it settled his body, if not his mind. The scrambled eggs Rhodey made went down easier than he thought they would, with how tense Tony was feeling. He wasn’t looking forward to his check up with Nurse Celene that afternoon. He was sure there wouldn’t be any good news now, and Tony and Rhodey knew it.
good, too good, and this was all going to be over really quickly if they kept it up like this.
Steve was offering to let Tony wear his clothes? God, that was adorable, and incredible. He thought he’d been lucky enough with the jacket last night, to be wrapped up in it when he was at his worst, but knowing that he could really
“Take your time with it,” Rhodey suggested. “No one’s expecting it to be all sunshine and rainbows. Hell, I’d be kinda pissed if you
Steve replied without hesitation, to Tony’s relief.
“You sigh a lot, but that was a particularly pitiful sigh,” she said, offering him a tiny smile.
Pain shot up his hand, all the way up to his elbow—he’d forgotten about the burns, which were already starting to heal, but not nearly quick enough. He grit his teeth at the pulsing pain, deep and unpleasant, even for him.
“Shh, shh,” Rhodey replied, his brows knit with sympathy. “You don’t. You can do this without him. You’ve come so fucking far, Tones. You don’t need his help or anyone else’s!”
The brunet thought he was going to lose his mind. He was truly regretting his behavior now, didn’t think he could take much more of this, this perfect torture, this taste of his own medicine, which he so clearly deserved. “Come on!” he complained. “If you fucking move I’m gonna cum, seriously—“
His heart jumped a little at the smile the blond gave him, at how fond and familiar it was, no annoyance, no sense of irritation or disgust, even though Tony had essentially made a fool of himself the night before. Steve hadn’t cared. He didn’t make fun of Tony then and he wouldn’t now, and that was kind of amazing, left him a little speechless.
“Fuck is right,” Steve murmured, feeling that same intensity, that soul-wrenching desire, and he gave him another, softer kiss.
“Ugh!”
protection. Tony—well, Tony may have been the strongest person Rhodey had ever met, even if he was stubborn and stupid and didn’t always do what was best for himself. His perseverance was inspiring, gave Rhodey the courage to face the obstacles in his life too. He couldn’t imagine life without Tony in it, and would do everything possible to keep him safe and happy.
Tony huffed a little, got more comfortable. His heart rate was starting to reach a normal level again, and he was thankful for it. “It’s too quiet here. I miss people screaming down on the streets.”
God, they’d said such horrible things. He remembered them all, remembered being pinned, trapped like a rabbit, desperate to get away, regretting every decision that had led him there in the first place. He didn’t give in though, struggled until he found an opening, and bolted away. He was thankful that he had.
“I can’t, I can’t,” Tony insisted, tossed his head back against Steve’s shoulder. His hands flailed a moment, unsure of what to do, how to subdue the rush of pleasure, and he almost toppled forward, but Steve braced a hand across his stomach, held him steady.
“No,” Tony replied, taking a deep breath and pulling back a little. “You didn’t know. It’s okay, really. I’m just being dramatic, as usual.” He wiped his tears, tried to laugh.
It was habit, in the summer months, when it was just the three of them together. Tony didn’t have to feel self-conscious about his scars, any of them, and about how he looked. He’d become more confident about them over the years, especially the biggest one, earned about a year ago, but they still bothered him sometimes when he was out, especially on the rare occasions someone stared or asked him about them.
Steve sat up, settled beside him on the couch again. “No problem. But you know, we do have to get our story straight at some point before you go home.”
Another contraction wracked his body, and he tried to push with it, like they told him to, but it was so hard to
Tony couldn’t argue with that. It was definitely a change.
The Alpha raised a brow, regarded their grim expressions. “What do you need?”
“Come on, sweetheart,” he said. “Don’t you want it? Don’t you want me spread around you, filled up with you, like I’m supposed to be?”
The tears started falling before he could stop them. He brushed them away angrily on the cuffs of his sleeves. He hated crying, yet he seemed to do it so often. If his father were still alive, he would’ve yelled at him for it.
Steve raised a questioning brow then, and Tony gave a little nod, and then Steve gripped his cock, drizzled a little more lube on it, set the bottle aside again, and started pressing in. Tony was always tight, never quite loosened up entirely, or maybe Steve was just so big that it never really made a difference. The brunet let out a sharp little exhale as Steve pushed forward, so damn slowly. He stayed still as best he could, tried to remember to relax against the intrusion. It seemed to take forever, like it always did when they took it slow, when they weren’t raring to go and rushing it. It took a while, but then Steve’s head popped in, and they both groaned, and Tony reached up to take Steve’s free hand.
The wind picked up then, stronger than before. It practically shook the apartment with the sudden gust, and the rain beat against the window like spilled grains of rice. They both turned to the window to watch it happen, and within a couple of seconds, the lights in the house flickered, and went out. The TV shut off with a little burst of static. Thunder rumbled overhead, as it had been intermittently, but much louder this time.
“Yeah, you know what else isn’t funny? You teasing me for so goddamn long!” Tony replied, flipping over on the bed. He brushed his disheveled bangs from his face with a sharp puff of air. He shuffled down the bed a little, threw his legs on either side of Steve’s. “Come on, sweetheart. Fuck me for real.”
“I should’ve seen a comment like that coming,” Steve replied and sighed, put his hands on his hips.
want something like that to happen to you. And the cherry on top? I’m theoretically your
He took a shuddering breath, waited for Tony’s response. He waited to be yelled at, he waited to be cursed, like he’d been expecting, like he’d been dreading for so long. He waited to be turned away, to be exiled once more, in spirit, if not in body, like he deserved. Instead of cursing him, of damning him, Tony let out a sigh which held the weight of the world, shook his head to himself.
your bratty little rich boy? If they knew how happy you are, how you sound when I bounce on your big dick?”
Tony and Steve walked a little further out in the water then, until it reached Tony’s midsection. Peter kept reaching down to touch the waves, eager for them to swim, so it just made it easier when they were a little deeper. The waves weren’t too big today, which was helpful. They were just big enough to carry you a little, but not to knock you over.
. That made the brunet’s heart swell. “They’re beautiful,” he said.
Tony seemed equally aware of that fact, which was probably why he suggested it in the first place. He looked Steve up and down now, somewhat hungrily, and licked his lips. “You’re on,” he had replied.
Two weeks away from the media, away from responsibilities and worries would do them all good.
God, he loved Steve so much. They’d gone on their first date only three days after they met, and that one date was enough to know that he never wanted to be parted from Steve, ever. He sometimes worried, probably for no good reason, that Steve might get sick of him, but it’d been a few years now and he never had. Steve was happy with him, with what they had, and Tony hoped that Steve, like he did, dreamed of making it official.
Tony licked his lips and smiled, pleased by the compliment, even if he didn’t feel gorgeous at the moment. He knew he looked like a goddamn mess, but apparently Steve loved him that way, sweaty and sticky with slick. He wasn’t gonna argue about it.
“Of course I did,” Steve replied, his face turning a little more serious. “I…I just want you to know how much you mean to me, really. Sometimes I still can’t believe we’re dating.”
The way he said it had a wave of pleasure, a sweet, honey-like pleasure wrapping around Tony, making him a little more empty-headed, drowning him a little like he needed. His fingers curled around Steve’s shoulders, and he shut his eyes tight. “Shit, yeah? Good? Good for you?” he gasped, moving to meet each sharp thrust, tightening the circle of his ankles that much more to really give Steve leverage.
Tony, despite himself, knew Rhodey was right. “Yeah…” he repeated.
, Steve,” he groaned, and couldn’t help but let out a breathless moan at the next thrust, because it was
Steve grimaced.
“’M not,” Tony replied, reaching for his water bottle. He really should go and brush his teeth, but didn’t have the energy for it at the moment. Instead he took a couple swigs of water, spit them out in the bucket. “God, I’m so fucking miserable…”
He remembered sitting out here with his mother in summers when he was little, playing with his robot figurines, reading books. He remembered Jarvis making homemade popsicles for him too, in crazy flavor combinations like strawberry-orange, which he’d named Strorange, at Tony’s request. He’d always liked sitting out here. It brought good memories to mind.
floor. It took a little work to get Tony up the stairs, and Steve considered just carrying him instead, but he didn’t want to impose, didn’t want to wound the brunet’s pride any further than tonight’s events already had. He kept a hand on his back, and one of Tony’s hands was gripping his designer jacket like a lifeline, the other pinched around Steve’s jacket on his shoulders, his fingers placed a little awkwardly, his palm open, because he didn’t want to further irritate his scratches. On another day, it would have been endearing.
at the praise, and at the fact that Steve seemed to hold him in so high regard. It felt damn nice to hear Steve compliment him, candidly, without propriety or other things getting in the way. He loved it, loved that they could finally talk this way, that the last barrier had been broken between them.
Tony grinned, enchanted by the idea. “Yeah. Absolutely.”
“’M—not a brat,” the brunet whimpered, and dropped to his elbows. It was too hard to keep himself up on hands and knees. He was shaking too much for it.
Still, it was frustrating to look at, especially because it offered so little protection, and needed patching up after just about every mission, and Tony was getting kind of sick of repairing it. Sure it meant he got to touch Steve, help peel the suit off of him and wait patiently while he put it back on after it was fixed, and he got to brush his fingers up and down the blond’s gorgeous body as he did so, because he had to ‘check for tears’ and ‘make sure the fibers are holding up,’ but Steve deserved
Tony had practically caused a scene only with his expression that day in the Banquet Hall. He skipped the pleasantries at every opportunity, did his best to scandalize the other guests, and
“Let’s stay out here,” Tony said. He wanted to enjoy the nice weather just a little longer. It was supposed to rain tomorrow, so they wouldn’t be doing much outside.
They both, more or less, collapsed in the chair, with Tony plastered against Steve’s chest, trying to catch his breath. His eyes were a little watery, and it was kind of hard to hear—that’s how damn good it had been. Steve was in similar shape, and it took him a long time to move or say anything, and that filled Tony with a prideful sort of glee, because Steve was a damn super soldier, and if Tony could get this kind of response out of him, he was doing something right.
He felt like a massive failure. Things had been going so good. Things had been changing for the better, and now, Steve had ruined it all again. He had to try and find a way to fix it, no matter the cost, no matter the risk.
“Okay,” he replied softly, gripped the blond’s jacket a little tighter. Steve’s fingers withdrew from his shoulder, but his warmth, thankfully, remained.
That was fine by Tony. Fuck, he’d take whatever Steve gave him, and do it without complaint. Steve always knew just how far he could push, never seemed to cross Tony’s boundaries, even without asking for them. He loved that. He loved that there was this mutual understanding between them, that they didn’t always need words to communicate. Tony understood that Steve intended on teaching him a lesson tonight, and honestly? He was eager to learn it.
Steve had been so deep in his thoughts that he didn’t hear, or smell, the man walk into the room. The blond hastily shut off the water tap, grabbed a towel to dry off the mugs. He was more than a little surprised that Sam was awake, and furthermore, that he wanted to start a conversation, and it made his heart jump in his chest a little. He tried not to let it show.
The brunet was smiling, holding up an instant camera, ready to snap a photo.
But hey, Tony been in bad spirits for a few days, and was getting back to his old happy self, which Steve desperately wanted to keep around. They also happened to have the Villa to themselves at the moment, with Maria attending a fashion show in London and Howard on his business trip, which meant it was the perfect time for something this bold, this privately exciting.
Tony hated throwing up. He especially hated it when there was someone else in the room. It made him feel embarrassed, even though he had no control over it. It wasn’t the first time Steve had seen him throw up though, and Tony had seen him do so before too, so there really was no reason to feel shitty about it, but Tony managed somehow. It was the last straw, honestly.
Tony rolled his eyes fondly, smiled up at him now. “I plan on auctioning you off for a new pair of Gucci loafers,” he joked, deliberately dancing around the subject at hand.
He liked pushing Steve’s buttons too. He liked pushing everyone’s buttons really, found it absolutely satisfying to rile other people up. He liked making things up, playing with the truth, or simply laying out facts, using his superior intellect to make people second-guess themselves or to get angry with him. He
Steve rubbed his back, slipped his hand under the brunet’s shirt. He dragged his hand up and down Tony’s skin soothingly. “Is that a good hmm or bad hmm?” he prodded.
Tony treated him differently than everyone else, like he was special. Tony drew him in like a magnet while he repelled others, kept them at distance. Steve melted beneath his smiles, his big brown eyes every time. They set a fire in his veins that wasn’t easily quenched, no matter how many times he tried to forget, to think of something else, but what could he do? Things were different here in the future, but not different enough. Steve would have to save his pining for the pillow.
Steve pumped the hand around his cock once, and pushed in a little more. Thanks to his thorough job earlier, there wasn’t much resistance. He slid in almost as easily as if Tony were in heat, groaned as his mate’s smooth, wet channel spread open around him. The heat was intense as always, overwhelmingly good, and the fingers wrapped around Tony’s thigh tightened a little.
Tony looked up at Steve, took in the sharp, warning glance in his eyes, the slight red on his cheeks. He smirked over the rim of his whiskey glass. He wouldn’t do anything
Steve’s hands were heavy and warm on his bare skin, sliding down his shoulders and settling on his ass. Tony buried his face in the plush pillows, his heart in his throat, and let out a little gasp as Steve dragged his hips back and up, got his knees under him.  He spread Tony’s cheeks, a breath ghosting over his entrance, and the brunet shuddered.
“My goodness,” Tony muttered, grinning to himself.
“Mommy swim?” Peter asked, catching sight of Tony approaching.
Steve leaned down into it as if pulled by gravity, his eyes fluttering closed. He was relieved, honestly, that Tony didn’t seem to be mad at him. He was worried about it the whole way home, the whole duration of the mission actually, and although Tony seemed better now, he didn’t think the subject was so easily forgotten. Though Tony’s grip on him was firm, welcoming, Steve still couldn’t forget the tears he saw on the brunet’s face, the salt he tasted on his lips from them now, mixed with the champagne he’d been sipping on before Steve arrived. He had a
gave me that gift. If it’s the only gift I ever get, the only one we get to share, that is
Tony pulled away now, turned his head, and Steve followed, licked a long stripe down his neck, ever so slightly pinched his skin between his big teeth. Tony liked that.
He found it in his family too.
to rest.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said immediately, his face a mixture of panicked, distressed and nervous. “I’m—oh.”
Steve wanted that too. The future was so much more open, sexually, and there were things he’d read about or heard about, or even seen on the internet that intrigued him, and he knew he could come to Tony with any of it, with questions or suggestions or wishes, and that his wishes would be granted without judgment. It felt wonderful, having that assurance, that comfort, that understanding.
He couldn’t get back to sleep though.
He was here. He was really here, standing in the doorway, the light from Tony’s lamp illuminating half of his figure, and the low lights from the hallway bathing his back, casting a shadow on the tiled floor.
some of these things out loud.”
call me back. You’re probably totally fine, just really busy after the fight, but if I don’t hear from you soon I think I’m gonna lose it.  Please…please be okay. I’ll give it another hour. If I don’t hear from you by then, I’ll start looking.”
, did Steve love the sound of that.
“So are you alright?” Steve asked softly.
wearing it. He felt small in the best way right now, felt young and stupidly in love, watching the way the light caught on his brand new cufflinks.
If they’d already searched the site, and hadn’t found the phone, then maybe they were in the clear. Maybe Ross really didn’t know about their involvement. Then again, there was still the tracking algorithm… Shit, this was scary. He really didn’t want this meeting to end badly.
It didn’t take a genius to figure out what had happened: It had crashed.
Tony raised a brow at him, disbelief clear in his eyes, though he smiled a little. He adjusted his grip on his bags. “Uh, thanks. I’m Tony, by the way.”
on the horizon.
Tony let out a huff, but couldn’t help but smile a little at the kiss.
Whenever exhaustion truly overcame him, or his medicine ran out and he was the one who needed attention, despite Tony’s protests, Rhodey was there to take over. Pepper was there too, as often as she could manage between meetings and paperwork, and Happy shed a few tears when he came to visit, took about a thousand blurry photos on his phone. Tony was sure one of the photos would end up as the driver’s screensaver, if he remembered how to change it. At least his visit brought some joy. But the sharp edge of despair unfurled in Tony nonetheless as the hours passed.
Steve’s face was tired, but somewhat sympathetic.  His hair was disheveled, and he still had a little bruise on his cheek from the fight earlier. The sight filled Tony with that much more guilt, even in the lowlight of the moon peaking through the blinds. He averted his gaze.
fucking do,” Tony replied.
“What can we do?” he asked.
That much was true. Steve brushed a hand through his hair, shook out his bangs, and set his things down. “You could use a nap yourself,” the blond pointed out, watching Tony rub his eyes.
“Of course I’m mad,” the blond replied, and he was. He was plenty irritated, would be until all of this was over and maybe then some, and he wasn’t going to pretend otherwise. His emotions were multifaceted though, had always been when it came to Tony. “But that doesn’t mean I don’t love you.”
Rhodey’d heard all of this already, and so had Pepper. They had time to process it all while Tony was resting, to lament, but it didn’t make it any easier to hear a second time, especially when Tony’s face was filled with dread now, pale and exhausted. They couldn’t imagine how he felt.
“I’m gonna kick his ass,” he said, and turned swiftly to leave.
Steve stripped, washed up and got dressed in record time, which was a skill he picked up in basic training. He honestly had it down to a science at this point, after so many mornings being shouted awake by the drill instructor, being given mere minutes to dress and make his bed, lest he be punished with extra sets of push-ups. He was honestly glad those days were over. The skills he learned as a grunt did come in handy though. His hair was still a little wet as he straightened his bowtie, and he brushed it to the best of his ability. Steve hoped Tony wouldn’t hold it against him.
Steve scooted over a little closer, swung an arm around the brunet’s midsection and pulled him close, feeling relaxed and content. They both needed to get cleaned up, but the bed was unbelievably comfortable, and the time spent down at the beach was catching up with him now. He’d leave it up to Tony.
“Oh darling,” he whispered. “Jesus, he’s perfect.”
Despite himself, Tony giggled a little; the alcohol was to blame for that, probably. Then again, he’d always laughed in the worst situations, found relief from the absurdity in his life that way. When everything came crashing down on you, when you felt smaller than dirt, what else could you do but laugh?
Steve’s muzzle reached Tony’s neck now, and he inhaled a couple of big sniffs, breathed his scent in deeply. It tickled a little, and Tony couldn’t help but stifle a giggle against the sheets, pull his shoulders up tight.
hurt, that Steve could have potentially never seen or heard from him again or something like that, was more than terrifying. He prayed none of his dark visions, his fears, would ever come to fruition.
Steve didn’t really have a praise kink(or so he told himself), but he couldn’t deny it felt good, hearing Tony’s voice go all smooth and dreamy, hearing him say nice things, how well Steve was satisfying him.
“Yeah,” Steve replied. “Please.”
Tony still loved him. He knew that. He knew deep down that he would never
Steve took a breath, stared down into his mug. He tried to figure out what to say. “I just…everything’s so wrong,” he started. “And it’s all my fault. I don’t know where to go from here,” he admitted. “I just…without Tony, I…”
He didn’t get that far though. When he stood up, he heard the elevator door slide open, and the
When Steve sat down in the car, handed Tony his jacket, put his hands up on the steering wheel and let out a sigh, Tony’s eyes widened in surprise. His knuckles were red, irritated, a few of them busted, and there was a serious scowl on his face. His face was flushed, his eyes a little dark, his shirt collar ruffled. It made Tony’s heart rate double in speed. Had he—had he been in a
Steve turned a little, shielding him from the wind. Tony had been in his arms before, in brief intervals, but never as long as this. He’d never latched onto Steve so entirely either, as if he couldn’t get close enough, as if he needed him to survive, like he did now. Steve had never been able to appreciate just how perfectly Tony fit here, in his arms, how good it felt to hold him.
His hands wandered, caressed, until they reached Tony’s shorts. Tony reached down to help pull them off, desperate to free his aching erection. He’d held off from touching himself thus far, wanted to leave that to his partner like he’d requested, but damn was it hard. He always got worked up giving Steve a blow job.
Tony thought Steve’s baking was special. It wasn’t the best he’d ever had, because he doubted anything would come close to his old nanny Jarvis’s food, but it was plenty good. Tony had to be careful with it; he’d gladly gorge himself on the blond’s desserts every day, but then he’d have to work out more to make up for it, and he hated exercising enough as it was.
He brought his hands up under the brunet’s shirt now, let them brush down his abdomen and stop just shy of his groin, his touch soft, reverent.
One of Steve’s hands cradled the back of his head, the other wrapped around him, warm and safe, and the juxtaposition of it all, of Steve’s touch versus his father’s, made Tony cry all over again. His breathing went shaky, and fresh tears spilled out.
He suddenly felt a little uncomfortable in his own clothes, in his own skin, as if the fingerprints, the grips of those bastards were still on him, as if they’d marked him somehow.
, his skin a warm tone and the signs of sickness, of pain and injury he exhibited after wielding the gauntlet a few months ago were almost completely gone, despite their lasting effects. His maroon cardigan and his black sweater and jeans complimented his body and the environment, painted a lovely picture.
, and that there wasn’t a hint of boyish stupidity to his features as Tony would insist still was visible on his own. He liked that Steve could protect him, had on occasion when some idiot got a little too handsy, or when Tony opened his big mouth too far and stirred up real trouble, or when he was simply a victim, when life deemed it time for everything to turn to the worst.
[We don’t really have a choice. You can hate me all you want after the baby’s born, but until then we have to stick it out together.]
Tony smiled brightly at him, gently cupped his cheek. “I’m thankful too.”
Tony threw his head back at that; it sent a spark of pleasure right up the base of his spine, shocked his system. He didn’t think it’d take very long to get off today, with his mind clear and body relaxed and his husband’s hands, his
The blond struggled to speak.
“That’s what I thought,” Steve replied, amused with his partner’s silence. He let Tony’s leg fall to the bed again, and slid his hands up the length of the brunet’s body. The silk of his suit felt wonderful beneath his fingertips. “Take off your jacket and tie,” he said.
,” Tony replied, a little indignantly. “I mean, I practically
Steve’s fingers tightened a fraction, not enough to truly cut off his breathing or to hurt, but enough that the pressure was undeniable, tight, and oh so good. He kept up the pressure, fucked in and out with slick, wet slides. The room was filled with lewd noises, and Tony’s body was trembling under Steve’s, his hole clenching desperately every time Steve pushed forward, every time the twin dicks in his hole filled him to his limit, each time they passed over his sweet spot.
“Whatever helps you sleep at night,” Steve said, and leaned down, pressed a kiss to Tony’s cheek.
Steve’s voice was softer then, and it made Tony sigh.
He was being a brat now, two years into their (more or less secret—pretty much the whole world knew except for Tony’s father) relationship, sitting by the bar in Howard’s summer villa in Sicily. Somewhere along the way, Steve had become Tony’s liaison(babysitter), at the request of Howard, when he couldn’t figure out what else to do with his life, and spent a lot of time around Tony anyway, so that worked out just fine for them, made things easier when it was clear Tony was interested in Steve, and Steve had no plans to rebuff his advances. There were a lot of convenient excuses to be together, and a lot of
Sometimes, he thought about just how fucking lonely he actually was.
Name? Name. Oh yeah. Everyone sort of needed one of those.
do it at all.
Steve watched with reverent eyes as Tony removed his garments, took pleasure in the way the deep crimson of his tie swept across his neck as he pulled it off.
“On my back, like this,” he said after a moment, and gripped her ass, spread his palms across the smooth fabric of her panties.
Bolognese recipe, evidently. And he had
Steve’s cock was desperately hard, rubbing against her ass, despite the fact that she’d already gotten him off once, while stretching him. God bless that super-soldier refractory period.
“Harder, yes,
drunk, but was drunk enough, apparently, to end up in the situation he did. He wished he hadn’t.
Rhodey wasn’t sure the subject of the search algorithm was entirely put to rest; he had a feeling it would come up again. They’d have to get their story straight, maybe take steps to fabricate the truth in their favor. For now though, it seemed Ross’ attention was sufficiently diverted.
“The things
Tony thought it over a second. The power was certainly out, but they hadn’t really been doing anything anyway, and it was kind of nice, being wrapped up in each other in the dark. It was a little, dare he say it,
It was Steve’s turn to groan, and he couldn’t help but thrust his hips forward a little then, turn to capture the brunet’s lips. “I do want it,” he replied. “I just wanted to play with you a while first, make you feel good.”
By the time he was properly ready to go to bed though, it was late, and Steve was already asleep at his side, breathing deeply and at peace. A surge of love bloomed in Tony’s heart at the sight, squeezed it tight. He never thought he’d have Steve in his life like this, like he had for a few months now.
married for almost a month now, actually married for two more, and it still felt unbelievable, felt like the reward for all of the suffering he’d endured his entire life. Every document signed with their hyphenated name was a reaffirmation, a badge of declaration, an honor.
His ears were ringing, and the dull but impossibly strong throbbing in his skull, directly above his left eye was going to drive him to madness, he was sure.
Another ripple of pleasure ran down Tony’s body. His heart was thundering in his ears, and everything felt so warm. He couldn’t think about anything but the way it felt, Steve’s hands on him, his cock in him, his voice leading him on. “I—It feels good,” Tony said breathlessly. “God, so good, Steve—so—“
He didn’t know how to respond to Steve, so he stayed quiet, reached out and brushed the hair from Peter’s eyes.
He looked miserable, honestly. His face was a little pale, his eyes a little glazed. Steve didn’t need any convincing when Tony grabbed his hand to lay down with him in bed. The brunet wasn’t always good at expressing what he needed, often denied himself of proper help, but once in a while he had the courage to ask for what he needed, and right now, he needed Steve.
“Well then,” Tony sighed. He brushed a hand over his face, gathered his thoughts. This was kind of amazing, actually. He had an opportunity here, a
“You know I don’t like screwing around with the tracker, just in case they have managed to get past my firewalls, but if I have to, I will. You don’t get to disappear on me now, after everything. You call me, Steve Rogers, or you’re gonna have another thing coming,” Tony joked. It wasn’t very funny.
, so turned on by this whole challenge, he would try to take a nap right here and now, with his partner filling him up.
Okay, he could admit he had been leaking pre-cum pretty much non-stop, even when his cock flagged a little here and there. It never got fully flaccid since they’d started, because every time he came close, he would think about what they were doing, or Tony would say something or move a certain way, and he’d be back at attention in no time.
“How about a truce?” he muttered against Tony’s lips.
That made Steve grin. It still made his heart flutter a little, whenever Tony called him that. He never could’ve imagined years ago when he met Tony that they would fall in love, that they’d share the rest of their lives together, that they would build something together. He was so damn thankful for it.
It didn’t feel like it. Tony felt like he was at a standstill, as if he’d be stuck like this forever. He felt like crying. He felt like dying.
“And so are you,” Steve replied, gently brushing his fingers against Tony’s elbow. “And so is the table. You did all of this?” he asked, looking around the room.
, to avoid something like that entirely, no matter how much Tony wanted it.
, and hot, almost too hot really, instantly leaving Tony feeling overheated, overwhelmed in the best way. He could feel him so damn deep it was ridiculous, but he loved it. The brunet loved the feeling of being stretched wide, of being
“It’s not funny,” Steve said, and from the tone of his voice he meant it this time. “You
The pace picked up, got a little frantic, honestly, like it always did, because there was always the sense of never enough, that no matter how close they got or how good it felt, they’d never gotten their fill of each other, of the need to be together, and it was equal parts frustrating and beautiful. Tony’s voice got a little higher, breathier, and that always went straight to Steve’s cock, and he let out a whimper, muffled it in Tony’s shoulder.
Steve looked him over. He took in the crease of Tony’s brow, the bags under his eyes, and how they were still a little puffy from the tears he’d shed earlier. His lips were turned in a frown, and he looked miserable. Steve didn’t think words would comfort Tony right now. They had barely done the job in the shower earlier, just did enough to give the brunet the strength to face dinner.
“Kiss me. Please?” Tony said again, and Steve couldn’t bring himself to deny him.
. Though I could whisper some kind words to your ass if you want me to,” he replied and put on a grin, hoping Steve wouldn’t push the subject any further. “I’ll sing a whole song to it. How’s Yankee Doodle sound?”
The car door shut with a light
Enjoy!
“Fuck,
If he was in trouble, how could Tony help without jeopardizing everything they’ve worked for, everything they’ve kept hidden? And it was only a few short weeks until the baby would come. How could Tony handle another unpredictable situation at this time? He wasn’t sure. He needed to know though. He needed to.
“You want me to behave?
Ross didn’t seem happy exactly, but he didn’t seem quite as angry. Their performance was doing its job; it seemed his fears were placated at least a little, if the way his shoulders dropped a little were any indication.
, and artificial. This was something real, truly real, like Tony had been searching for all his life, whether he knew it or not.
To hear what Steve had given up in exchange for Bucky’s second chance though, the consequences he had brought upon himself and his companions and his mate, brought on a layer of guilt he wasn’t sure he could shake. He wasn’t sure Steve had made the right decision, in rescuing him in Siberia. He’d given up too much for it, had burned bridges and brought only misfortune, and Bucky couldn’t help but wonder what would’ve happened if it had gone differently, if they had stayed there, tried to calm Tony down, and had the chance to apologize.
Steve watched Tony with fond eyes as the brunet tucked away the camera and added the new photo to the small box he’d brought along to keep each picture out of the wind. They’d eaten lunch out here too, some sandwiches and juice and watermelon, because that was Peter’s favorite fruit at the moment.
God, did she love him.
“Yeah,” Steve replied, and he let out a sigh. Normally he was more than willing to keep it going, to have another orgasm, but today was such a lazy day, he felt honestly content with just the one. His heart rate was still a little elevated, and he felt adrift at sea in the best way possible.
“Give me some time,” Tony insisted when it was clear Rhodey was holding his tongue, though his eyes were dark, angry. His heart was still leaping out of his chest, and he tightened his free hand in a fist to stay calm.
He really didn’t want to admit any of this, hated even thinking of it. It made him feel small, and weak, to give any of this voice, but maybe he had to, to make Rhodey understand. Tony dropped his gaze to the table.
The soldier’s heart clenched a little. Tony wasn’t exactly shy about speaking his mind, or his feelings, but the most earnest declarations were always spoken like this, with just the two of them, whenever the brunet was feeling vulnerable. Steve couldn’t fathom what was running through his mind exactly, what made his voice change pitch just slightly, what made the hand grasping his shirt tighten a fraction, but he didn’t have to know to feel the insistence, the complexity of his partner’s emotions. Tony was making it really difficult to stay angry, at least for the moment. He had a way of twisting Steve’s heartstrings, clouding his judgment. He supposed it went both ways though.
Tony had only held him a grand total of twenty seconds or so, and it wasn’t long enough. His hindbrain panicked for a moment, was convinced that the act was malicious, that they were taking Peter from him, stealing him, putting him in danger, but the pain was peaking again, so he couldn’t manage more than a weak growl.
Sometimes he thought Tony loved him too. Tony was always so warm with him, touched him, gave him his best smiles. He listened to Steve when he talked, truly
He hit the call button with bated breath. The line rang, and rang, and rang, and rang. Steve didn’t pick up. The answering machine called for a message to be recorded and Tony took a deep breath, shut his eyes. He didn’t leave a message after the first call, figured giving Steve a little more time was more prudent, but he was going to leave one this time.
,” Steve confirmed, and he pulled back so he could look down at Tony, run his fingers down the brunet’s chest, grip his hips once more. “Look at your pretty cock, all ready to cum, aren’t you? Hah—oh fuck—But you’re not even touching yourself, always waiting for your daddy to tell you it’s okay, huh?”
If Steve was the key to Tony’s happiness, then Tony was the key to Steve’s. He felt relieved, and secretly excited, honestly, to have Tony here, to know he was okay. He’d expected him to be in much worse spirits this morning, given the way he felt last night. Tony was made of strong material though, could bear a greater burden than he ever should have to, Steve was quickly finding out. He seemed relaxed, comfortable here, with Steve, like he always was.
Tony frowned a little.
Tony smiled, amused. He ear-marked his page, tossed his book to the edge of the blanket, stifled a yawn. “Well take a break. You can fill in your obsessive details later. Come take a nap, Daddy. Who knows how long the kid’ll stay asleep.”
The drive was surprisingly short, or maybe Tony’s sense of time had just been lost. He felt a little nauseous again on the ride over, and there was definitely a headache brewing in his skull, and he could feel himself getting kind of tired, watching houses fly past the car window, tracing the droplets of rain sliding down the glass with his index finger. For once, he didn’t have anything to say. Neither did Steve.
He leaned down, pressed a kiss to Tony’s forehead. “So, so much.”
“You’re the taller one. You should be picking all the apples,” Tony pointed out, though it was just a joke.
He didn’t want to hear it anymore. He didn’t want to argue about it anymore. He was done offering warnings only to have them ignored. “No. If you’re so adamant on doing this, on letting them do this, then fine! Let’s do this. I’ll send him. If it turns out badly, so help me God, Rogers, I’ll end you myself.”
Steve didn’t waste any time. He slid his hands down around Tony’s thighs, spread his legs wide and lifted them a little to get a better angle, and started thrusting up into him. One of Tony’s hands reached back around his shoulder to steady himself, and the first deep slide of the blond’s cock had them both groaning.
Bucky shook his head. “Steve, I can’t thank you enough for what you did for me, but I’m not the one you owe anything. You’ve stuck by my side since we were kids. We’re brothers. But hell, you’ve got a family now. You’ve got a
He had FRIDAY encode his copy of the algorithm, the accurate copy. He had her encode all recent footage and data, buried the files deep in his system, so they wouldn’t be found. If the UN tried to search his files, he’d refuse them of course, but if they came back with a search warrant, he didn’t want to hand them anything on a silver platter.
Steve shifted on the couch a little, got between Tony’s legs properly, a hand swung over the back of the couch for stability and the other by the brunet’s waist, and he kissed back fervently.
Tony could feel a ripple of anticipation flow through him, and it led him to action. He knew exactly where this was going. Tony flipped on his back, squared his shoulders with the edge of his bed and let his head tip back over the edge. His ass was still kind of sensitive, and his cock hard, and it took a lot of effort not to reach down and simply jerk himself off. He was getting horny enough for it. The part of him that thrived on praise, and feared disappointing his boyfriend kept his hands still. Steve was always sweet after teaching him a lesson, and he would call him beautiful names and say how good he was, give him the validation that he so rarely got from his parents. Jarvis had always been kind enough to provide it, but, well, it wasn’t enough.
He told himself it wouldn’t be much longer. After all, Steve had texted him half an hour ago saying so. Of course if it were up to Tony, Steve wouldn’t have been gone in the first place. He had Fury to blame for that. He had Fury to blame for a lot of things, really, but right now, this took precedence. He’d asked for Steve and Natasha’s help on a, quote, “short mission,” promised it wouldn’t take more than a few hours.
was the one who’d asked for this, who asked for Steve to fill him up to his limit, to fuck him full, to stuff him with cock so hard he’d feel it in his throat. He couldn’t actually, but felt full nonetheless, could feel the pressure, the stretch, just teetering on the edge of overwhelming.
He was going to protest again, to say that he just wanted to leave now, just wanted to be somewhere else, somewhere safe, but then he remembered a very crucial fact: He’d left his credit card in his jacket pocket.
“So good,” Steve agreed, shifting just a little and starting his rhythm up all over again. He pressed a wet, open-mouthed kiss to Tony’s neck, felt his pulse, heightened. “Such a good boy, taking my cock so well, doing so, so—
Tony couldn’t deny that this was a wonderful feeling, maybe the best feeling in the world. He’d always wanted to be here like this, dreamed about it all the fucking time. It made his heart beat faster, but made him feel calm all the same, made him feel
had the courage,” Steve said, chuckling softly. “I just…I couldn’t go another day loving you without you being mine.”
exists!” Tony growled, wiping the tears from his eyes. “If Steve still had it, he would’ve responded by now. Either it’s out there somewhere in the wilderness, or that shit stain Ross has it and is building a beautifully detailed case against me as we speak!”
Steve could smell the alcohol on him, of course, had seen the slight sway in his steps when he walked towards him, and Tony had said so himself that he was at a party. He was definitely drunk, but not black-out drunk. Tony hadn’t given him specifics, but it wasn’t hard to fill in the blanks of what had happened. He just didn’t know the extent of it all, how far it went before Tony managed to get away, and that kind of terrified him. He couldn’t ask Tony about it now though, knew it would be too hard on him. Making Tony feel better was the priority right now.
But Steve had. He’d picked him up, taken him home and held him as he cried. He comforted him, made him feel safe and sound, tried to help him forget what had happened. They’d kissed, before he fell asleep. Tony remembered that much. He didn’t think he would ever forget. They finally, finally kissed. Steve cared about him, really cared about him, and after six months of dancing around each other, of avoiding the subject of their feelings, they’d finally had a breakthrough, finally admitted it to each other, at least a little bit, if not properly. Fuck, that felt good. At least he had that going for him.
It was their anniversary today. Their
. There wasn’t anything more humbling than that, for any of them. They would certainly have to work on their apologies during the flight home. Steve had been working on his for months, though he doubted it would convey the depths of his regret, of his gratitude enough. He would simply have to hope for the best.
minded it.
“Of course I will,” Rhodey replied, smiling softly. He sat a little straighter, clearly full of pride. “I thought you’d never ask.”
Rhodey was on his guard too. He’d sent an encoded message to Vision, explained the situation and insisted he return immediately. He couldn’t be found with Wanda. As far as the UN knew, he had never left American soil, and the Secretary would be suspicious if he were missing from the Compound when they arrived. He made it back with an hour and a half to spare. Wanda had been loathe to let him leave,  was naturally worried for everyone’s safety, and got herself to a small village in France, laying low until the situation was handled.
Secretary Ross had been surprised by his sudden change of tune, his sudden willingness to cooperate, but seemed relieved. As long as the matter was resolved somehow, he seemed okay with it. He even offered his sympathies towards Tony when the brunet explained his reasoning, which seemed out of character, but Tony supposed even monsters had hearts.
than enough for me. I love you both, so much.”
“Your place,” Tony said softly, but with conviction. He wanted to go there, and stay forever.
Of course he was thinking about the night before, of the way it felt to have Tony against him, the soft, pleading way he’d asked for a kiss, and told Steve he loved him. He was wondering now if Tony really meant it, if he wanted more, wanted to make something out of the two of them. He thought about it for hours, laying on the couch last night, trying to fall asleep.
“No you won’t. You won’t be taking the fall. I’ll be the one taking it, like I always do,” Tony replied bitterly.
Steve didn’t know what to say. He felt his shoulders slump further with shame. He doubted he’d ever be able to hold them high again.
Tony was definitely ready for it. They’d made sure of that, dumped enough lube in him, got him slick enough, wet enough to take the blond’s monster cock. Steve wasn’t quite ready to give it to him though, didn’t stuff him full of cock like he wanted.
“Look here, baby!” he said, getting the toddler’s attention.
A few minutes later, they were paying the entrance fee and headed out the back door of the building towards the orchard. There was a small gift shop and bakery inside near the front desk, as well as a sitting area. There was a family or two already enjoying lunch, and two or three people working.
“I’ll stop, I’ll stop, I promise, just let me cum, please Steve? I can’t fucking take it anymore, I really can’t,” Tony replied, and his voice was so sweet, so earnest, that Steve couldn’t really deny him anymore.
“Oh trust me, I do,” Tony said, and patted the star on Steve’s chest lovingly before stepping away. He gestured for Steve to get moving.
he told himself.
They kept searching.
He couldn’t recall ever feeling so lost, so
Steve ran a hand over his face, swallowed back tears. “I need—I need to talk to Tony,” he reiterated. “Everything else can wait. It has to.”
“Follow me,” Shuri announced.
to without his permission? Who had tried to hurt him, force him into something he didn’t want? Who had taken advantage of him, made him feel this way?
Steve bristled, the blue in his eyes dark and stormy. “I don’t care about that!” he replied. “I care about the fact that he’s—“
Tony hadn’t stayed at his father’s Italian villa in years, not since he’d been in his twenties, but it seemed like the perfect place to get away with his family. It needed a bit of cleaning up and dusting off before he got there, which cost a pretty penny, but it was well worth it. It had a private stretch of beach, a nearby coastal town with an amazing market, a big citrus garden, and a pretty good pool too, not to mention a great view.
He felt his cock jump, and stripped his clothes quickly, desperate to at least remove it from the terrible confine of his pants. His underwear was practically soaked with pre-cum at this point, and Steve definitely noticed, if the way his eyes raked over Tony’s form were any indication.
“You satisfied?” Steve asked, smiling softly, withdrawing his fingers.
“I’ll be right back,” Steve assured the brunet when they arrived at the house, gave him a firm nod. His eyes were earnest, piercing, made Tony feel naked and wrapped up in his embrace all in one.
“I promise.”
“How are you feeling, Mr. Stark?” the doctor greeted, informational tablet in his hands. He spoke softly; no one particularly wanted to wake the baby quite yet.
“’M gonna be sick,” he moaned.
“Now, do you got a little time for dessert?” she asked, shifted on his lap a little. She was
“You like that, Steve?” she asked, taking in the pinch of his brows, the way he couldn’t help but shift his hips a little, his legs spread wide to either side. There was something so hot about seeing him like this, open, at her mercy, two hundred and fifty pounds of muscle trembling just for her, open and desperate for her artificial cock.
“I am happy with myself,” he replied when questioned, even though the movement made him a little more desperate too, and he had to reach up to brush hair from his eyes. His curls were somewhat of damp with sweat, and he was sure his face was flushed by now.
“Kiss me,” Tony said.
to get off, needed to relieve that ache in his core, the desperate heat in his body. There was something about taking Steve’s dick that drove him wild, and if he waited any longer to get off, he thought he’d die.
“I wish… I wish I knew what to do,” Steve admitted. “I wish I knew how to get things back on track, for all of us.”
of July. Naturally, this suit fit well, suited him entirely, and yes, that included his ass. Tony made
“How about,” Tony started, and he leaned in closer, so that no one could hear him. “I warm your cock for a while, just sit on that big fat dick, until you actually can’t handle it anymore, and have to fuck me?”
