"This is wrong," Steve growls, his voice deep and thick with the same emotions that show on his face. "Someone has to stop them. Someone has to do something."
The door slid open, revealing Natasha, still in her business clothing, but holding a standard issue police blaster. When Steve craned his neck, he could see several more figures in police uniforms approaching the doorway, with Nick Fury at the front. Natasha stepped into the room, blaster trained on Stane, and Fury soon joined her.
He's mad at Steve anyway. For meddling in his affairs, giving the impression that he actually cares.
Tony frowned at Steve's vague answer, but didn't push him to elaborate. "Not at such, no. It was more of a marriage of convenience," he said instead, continuing his account. "Hydra took out my parents but left me alive, probably because they thought I was too airheaded to understand what was going on around me. I wasn't, though. I tried to put up a fight, which made me a nuisance that had to be dealt with. Meanwhile, in Stark Interplanetary, Obie thought my little rebellion wasn't in the best interests of the company, or him. Joining forces gave them both what they wanted. Obie got SI and all the perks that come with being Tony Stark, and Hydra got him in their pocket. World domination secured for the foreseeable future."
"You wanted to understand." Tony peeled up his shirts to reveal his front. He'd always been lean, but now he was skinnier than Steve's birth body had been. That wasn't what caught Steve's eye, though, nor were the scars criss-crossing his torso, the kind you'd get from street surgery without access to skin regeneration. What his eye was drawn to was the circular light set in the center of Tony's chest, similar to the power sources on Ultron's drones. No wonder he'd been looking like his chest pained him. That was something that belonged in a synthetic fake, not in someone's birth body.
Steve is seeing all of this; he's seen the reactor properly, now, and he will recognize the tech. Maybe he will guess the rest of the story too, and understand Tony's duplicity. Then, he won't be sad when Tony's gone. Not that an android should be capable of sadness, in the first place—but based on everything he's seen, Tony's starting to suspect that Steve might be.
Tony did a double take. That just couldn’t be right. “Well you have a funny way of showing it,” he began.
"Thank you," Miss Potts said, getting up from her seat. The smile she gave Randall as he made his exit didn't look practiced, but genuinely friendly. Perhaps that was thanks to the freckles on her face, a detail one wouldn't expect on the overly perfect designer frames that business types preferred. Or rather, had preferred, back in Steve's day and age. Maybe the current trend was for more personable looks. He wouldn't know.
"Like I said, I'm not safe to be around," Tony repeated. "I can't be out there among people, not when I can't trust myself to keep it under control. I've already hurt too many. Killed some, too." His voice broke towards the end, the remorse in it tangible.
"That kind of thing is a part of a PA's job," Tony says defensively. "It's what she's getting paid for. Quite well, too, though probably not well enough. She probably deserves a raise. Make a note and remind me to do that."
That makes the pain in Tony's chest a thousand times worse. He may not care what happens to him, he may be ready to accept his own death, but Steve can't end up paying for his mistakes. If they think Steve did this, they won't just lock him up, they will dismantle him, take him apart to figure out what went wrong, and Steve—
He'd talked about this at length with Maya. She had insisted that they omit any mention of the Fountain, but Steve had pointed out that even if the people reading the account would believe it, which they probably wouldn't, no one would know the actual location of the temple except for the surviving members of the two expedition teams. The secret would remain safe as long as they kept the information to themselves. Tony's team certainly would, and Maya was convinced none of the thugs who'd been on her team would be able to retrace their steps, so they should be fine on that front, as well.
Bucky knelt to shake Tony's hand, his expression dead serious. "I'm glad you're feeling better, and I'm sorry about everything."
"Not at all. I think it's good that I'm freeing her time for other tasks," Steve says. Tony thinks there's a strange edge to his voice, but he has no idea how to interpret it. It's not sarcasm. More like resignation.
"I didn't realize what was going on, at first," Steve confessed. "When I did? I used to think I didn't want a soulmate, but I was curious. I wanted to get to know you better and see if anything could come out of it. You made it very clear you didn't, though. Then I got those test results that said I had no match, and I thought I'd been wrong about the whole thing."
It seemed to take a few seconds for Pepper to catch what he meant, but then, she said, "You and him? Tony, that's amazing!"
Tony moved his fingers ever so slightly to curl them around Steve's hand. He could feel the tap of Steve's pulse under his forefinger, and he realized it was perfectly in time with the background beep of the heart monitor. He absently wondered why Steve would be hooked up to one if Tony was sick. Was Steve sick, too?
“I’m pretty sure he meant attention from someone who’s qualified and knows what they’re doing,” Tony pointed out. “That won’t be available until I fix the quinjet and we get out of this damned dust bowl.” He’d sat up, his palm against the floor. He was still making a very good effort at covering up how he felt, but Steve saw right through it. Tony’s face had gone a shade paler under the bloodstains, and his breathing was superficial, like it would be, to minimize the movement of cracked ribs.
"Steve," he said, and then more insistently, "Steve? Steve!" But it wasn't Tony's voice anymore, it was higher in pitch.
"It's not for no reason. It's because of him," Maya said, her gaze on Tony. "There's no artifact, only him."
Steve was sure Tony wouldn't like it either, and he didn't. "Why not pick somewhere more public?" he countered.
When his vision cleared, he was on the floor, his back against the wall, and it took him a confused moment to realize that it wasn't the same place as before. He was no longer in the corridor, but in a larger space full of familiar machinery. Bucky must've carried him to the Vault.
“How’s this, then: back there, I felt like a horny teenager, and now I feel like an octogenarian who got run over by a truck,” Tony said, rubbing at one shoulder and wincing as if to demonstrate.
"Right, where are my manners? Of course you'd not recognize me like this," the man said, wiped his sooty hand on the remains of his shirt, started to offer it to Steve, then seemed to realize it was still filthy, and pulled it back. "Better not, I guess. Tony Stark. I believe we've met."
"Good catch, Rogers. We can take it from here," Fury told Steve, crouching next to Stane, holding out a pair of handcuffs. Behind him, Steve spotted Clint and Detective Coulson.
The timing left Steve with only a couple of hours to spare, and he spent them being incredibly nervous. Mostly, it was a good kind of nervous, feeling flustered like a teenager before his first date, but there was an uncomfortable tension at the back of his mind, too. He'd said that he'd be fine with whatever frame Tony picked, and really, he would try his best to be true to his word, but the idea that Tony might meet him in the clone Stane had been using made his flesh crawl. If he reacted badly to that, then Tony would feel bad too, and it would be the very opposite of a happy reunion. He had to admit to himself that he hoped Tony would've picked something else, although the fact that they were meeting at the clinic that had made Stane his clones definitely suggested that Tony had gone for his original face.
"I'm not here to arrest you." Steve kept his voice steady and non-threatening. Those words were true, as well. The time to think about repercussions would be later, when he actually understood what was going on. "Like I said, I just want answers. For starters, where's Tony Stark?"
He got into an elevator car with a few other people, and asked for the highest available floor. Somewhat to his surprise, Ultron didn't speak up when the doors closed and they began to climb. The ride passed in an awkward silence, with everyone except Steve staring at their toes or the walls.
He'd heard enough descriptions and read enough papers that he knew what this had to be, although he didn't want to name it aloud even inside his head.
Now that he really thought about it, Steve realized what Tony meant. There was no subtle way to get at Stane when he was in the Tower. Worse than that, he was already on high alert when it came to security, and constantly surrounded by drones whenever he left his home. Even if they had the weapons to fight those drones—which they might, looking at all the tech around them—it would be incredibly tricky to do that covertly, so that no one saw them grab Stane.
"Oh, thank the stars," came the reply in Rhodey's voice. He sounded bone weary. Accompanied by more whirring and clanking, he stepped into plain view. He was wearing the mech suit, or at least some parts of it: his left arm was covered in silver-colored metal, his right unarmored from the shoulder down. The remaining torso parts and one leg of the suit looked badly damaged. He didn't have a helmet on, either, and the right side of his face was covered in blood.
He asked Ultron for a summary of the events at SHIELD. What he got matched what he'd already heard, and sounded very much like the conspirators had come out on top afterwards. Most of his friends and colleagues were described as culprits in a takeover attempt, and their elimination or imprisonment as a stabilizing move that had allowed SHIELD to return to its normal routines. Steve had an awful feeling that those routines would be quite different from what he was used to.
Somehow, Bucky had never thought others might've been in the same situation as him. "Really? And she left?"
Telling himself that he's not being a creep and is just inspecting a piece of technology, Tony unzips the android's partly scorched jacket and uses the tiny knife from the multitool his captors have graciously given him to cut open its t-shirt.
"Hah, sure, you've got it," Tony promised. Unlike last time, he didn't wait for Steve to undress him, but pulled off his sweater and undershirt in one go, and dropped them on the armchair with far less attention than he'd paid to Steve's costume.
Iron Man placed his now bare hands back on Steve's shoulders. It was exactly the kind of comforting human touch he'd craved. This wordless understanding between them was one of the things that made his friendship with Iron Man so special to him.
"See, flyboy? They've finally done the impossible and solidly proven a negative," Tony said, swatting the table in front of Rhodey with the article he'd printed.
Thinking rationally, the best explanation for everything is that he partied too hard in Oslo, and is currently sleeping it off in his hotel room, but as he grows more aware of his surroundings, he picks up details beyond the pleasant fuzziness that don't fit this hypothesis. Details like the unnerving tug of things clinging to his skin, even piercing it in a few places, that suggest he's either in a hospital, or deep in trouble.
Tony was there, across the multiverse, tugging at that precious connecting thread. Tony was still alive, and Tony loved him back—but he was still terribly far away, even if he now knew that Steve also loved him. It was relief mixed with sorrow, thinking that he couldn't hold Tony close and tell him how he felt.
Steve was quiet for a few beats, thoughtful and hesitant, but finally, he said, "Okay. I think I can do that."
Steve stopped eating for a moment, far more interested in hearing where this was going than the bland food. "Oh?"
His hand still held up in front of his face, staring at it with such amazement and disbelief and joy that he forgot how to breathe, he felt the strange tingling tug at his pinky again.
"Of course," replied the short blond one. "That's what most of these parts come from: dinosaur-shaped vehicles."
"I am, and I don't," Steve said. "I don't know you anymore, Tony, and I don't like you. I don't like any of this."
"What am I looking at? A modified thirium pump regulator? But clearly there's more than that going on here. Why would you—" Kamski mumbles, his fingers tracing the scarred skin around the edges of the device. He falls quiet for a moment, then stops, glancing up at Tony. "Am I making you nervous?"
If Tony had thought his life had been a mess before, that'd been nothing. That'd been like a paper cut compared to a fatal wound, or a first world problem compared to a global disaster.
He should've implanted a tracker on himself. He's considered that many times, but in the end decided against it, mainly because of the security risks of its details ending up in the wrong hands. As things are, absolutely no one knows where he is. Himself included.
Deep in thought, he returned to his floor. He cleaned and sealed the cut in his calf, remembering the fight that had caused it and the disdain of everyone in that bar towards him. Later, he had a solitary instant meal from his fridge. The difference between this and the burger he'd had Downstairs was like night and day. He'd preferred the burger, because at least he'd chosen and bought it himself, even if the money had come from selling a coat that Tony had given him.
The next day, Steve resisted the urge to show up at Tony's door at sunrise—he figured Tony might want to sleep in after the kind of day he'd had, and it would be rude to bother him too early. He gave it until ten, then drove over to the Stark residence on his bike. The building was exactly as impressive as Steve would've imagined: a beautiful townhouse in Gramercy Park, each floor easily as large as Steve's modest apartment.
"I know," Steve says, expression still indifferent. "It makes sense. They are more durable than humans. And expendable."
After a few delicious passes back and forth, Tony let Steve's cock slip out of his mouth, looking up at him again, licking his lips. "Like that?"
Right now, they stood facing the windows of their guest room in Thermala, one of the high cities close to the summits of the mountain range, and in front of them opened a view that would put the Alps to shame. The mountains were mostly covered in snow, the azure late morning sky above them bright and cloudless. There were no dinosaurs roaming the landscape, since this was one of the few regions on the island where they didn't thrive. Instead, Steve could spot a pair of woolly mammoths making their way across the mountainside, laden with crates, no doubt transporting some of the handcrafted products the city traded with the lowlands for food and other necessities.
Steve made one more call after those two: he contacted Dr. Harris to check whether Maya had been around at the university since Steve's visit. She hadn't. No surprises there. If Steve wanted to see her, showing up for Tony's meeting was his best bet.
"I've thought about it, yeah," Tony said, slowly, hesitantly. "I might need some more time to make up my mind. It's kind of overwhelming, the idea that I could just pick whatever I want. How about you?"
A moment later, the newcomer joined them in the parlor. She was a beautiful red-headed woman, around Steve's age, smartly dressed in a dark brown pant suit. "Well, there's a VIP if I ever saw one. Pepper Potts," she introduced herself to Steve, who stood up to shake her hand. Although she was smiling, she seemed reserved, sizing him up with her eyes. "I thought Tony'd be around. We were supposed to talk about the draft over brunch," she added to Jarvis.
He expects Rhodey's here to chastise him about that incident with the armor and the fighter planes a couple of days ago, which they haven't properly discussed yet. Tony was hoping he could just skip that. As it happens, he's in luck: Steve provides the perfect distraction.
Bucky was surprised, but pleased to hear those words; he'd been getting that very same feeling about Rumlow, too, and sometimes it'd made him uneasy. That she saw the same thing made him respect her even more. "I couldn't agree more," he told her.
They sat down on the bench, a gap wide enough for an additional person between them. In front of them opened a beautiful view over the lake: the first colorful hints of an approaching sunset were playing on water that was smooth as glass. They spent a moment in perfect silence, with nothing but the faintest whisper of the wind in the branches of the trees around them.
"Over here!" Steve shouted back. He hurried to clamber down from his rock as she crossed the shore to meet him.
Finally, Steve sighed, letting his head droop, then straightened up again. "Fine. I'll stay with him a little longer, and see how it goes."
Tony let out a squeal of surprise, but seemed to get over it quickly: he wrapped his legs around Steve's waist and placed his hands on Steve's shoulders, clinging to him for balance. Steve may have gotten preoccupied with other things, but Tony clearly hadn't. The feeling of his rock-hard cock pressing against Steve's stomach through his briefs was definitely helpful in getting back to the moment.
Hearing Tony say his name was simultaneously exciting and distracting. He'd told Tony his name. His real name. Tony hadn't given his. If Tony found out he was also Captain America—
"And you can't fly up there to ask around if one of those is likely to be around anytime soon, because skybaxes avoid the mountains?" Steve checked, desperate for any way to speed up the trip.
The session was routine, and Tony kept getting distracted, which made him feel guilty every time he caught himself. He should've been focusing on Rhodey. Instead, all he could think of were Steve and the plan. He wasn't going to tell Rhodey about it—he was pretty sure Rhodey would try to talk him out of it—but he needed to make some kind of an excuse.
Tony hadn't actually talked about any of that. It could explain some of his behavior; he'd definitely had to grow up a lot in a short time, and facing so much death was rare in a world where someone with enough money could potentially live forever.
Somehow, it seemed to Steve like he was walking away from more than just one conversation, or a shared bed in a guest room.
Bucky raised the metal limb in a wave. Made with technology that looked complex and ancient at the same time, it wasn't anything like a real arm; the fingers didn't move, and he only had a limited range of motion. He still thought it was far better than what he might've ended up with back home. He hated that he needed it, but it beat having no arm at all, and the medicines he'd been given helped keep the recurring phantom pains of missing the real limb at bay.
Bucky found himself oddly nervous as Steve approached him, but Steve clearly had no such reservations. As he got closer, he spread his arms in invitation, and when Bucky leaned into it, Steve hugged him tightly.
"Then it's a good thing you're not one." Tony grasped Steve's hand between both of his, and brought it to his lips, pressing a kiss on Steve's fingertips.
Steve had sworn he wouldn't leave without Tony, and now Tony was getting further away from him by the second. The general mayhem made this the perfect moment to retreat.
He tried asking for an overview of the case he was supposed to be working on instead, and ran into a brick wall with that, too. "Tony said he wants to go through that with you tomorrow, so you'll just have to wait patiently, Cap," Ultron informed him, and if the AI could've made the nickname sound more mocking than he did, Steve didn't know how.
Tony ends up spending a long time under the spray, trying to postpone going back, because he can't sort out his head.
Natasha gave him a tight-lipped smile. "All right. Just be careful. I'll keep you updated while you're under." She stepped up to him to help him attach the electrodes to his scalp.
This is so much more and so much better than anything he could ever have hoped for; never in a million years could he have imagined he'd get to kiss Steve so that Steve is so obviously into it. It's enough to ease his fears that he might still, somehow, be exploiting Steve, and this surprise turn that the conversation has taken has actually made his brain shut up about all the guilt.
Apparently satisfied that the room was safe, Tony stepped back into the corridor and motioned at Steve to go in first. He did, feeling so nervous he could barely breathe.
Stark muttered something irritable that didn't sound like English, but put his arms over Bucky's shoulders anyway, allowing Bucky to pick him up on piggy-back. It was only some fifteen feet to the other side of the room, and Bucky had no trouble carrying Stark across, especially since he was lighter than one would expect from a man his height. He must've lost weight over the month he'd spent in captivity, Bucky thought, with another pang of guilt.
"Of course, after a few years, it all caught up with me, and I got sick. Really, considering how I'd been living, it had only been a question of time. It was worse than ever before; I was used to feeling tired, or getting a bout of palpitations every now and then, but this was like an actual heart attack. The chest pain was so bad, it left me in tears, and I was bedridden for several weeks.
When Tony comes across the android among the collection of weapons and other military tech his captors have provided him with, he first thinks it's a corpse.
Something shifted where the noise had come from; a sheet of corrugated iron that'd been a part of the roof lifted up slightly and then fell down again. There was no mistaking the sound that followed for creaking metal. It was a frustrated growl, followed by coughing.
"Of course not!" Alban exclaimed, clearly affronted. "This has nothing to do with judging people based on their appearances. Humans don't have horns and claws and jaws full of sharp teeth. Dinosaurs aren't ugly, they're monsters. They're creatures who evolved to kill."
Steve has gotten himself a room at a hotel located conveniently right next to the hospital. It took some effort to organize, starting with borrowing a phone so that he could get in touch with his team, then having them sort out some cash for him, and finding a change of clothes that wouldn't stand out so much. Normally, Steve wouldn't even consider wasting anyone's time or their meager funds on something like this—he's used to frugal living, after all—but after the days spent outdoors with no gear, he felt badly in need of a hot shower, a proper meal and an actual bed.
Tony's not too fond of the idea of handing the thirium reactor design over to Kamski, but really, at this point, he thinks Kamski is less likely to turn it into something lethal than the R&D people back at SI. Besides, this way, he'll get to decide how to present it to him, and maybe he can keep some crucial details to himself. It definitely leaves him with more control over the situation than most alternatives.
The workshop didn't have so much a kitchen as an assembly of vintage household appliances and a sink in one corner, with a high table and four bar stools close by. What passed for coffee down here was far removed from its namesake on the higher floors, mainly similar in that both contained caffeine and were warm, brown liquids. To Tony's great amusement, Steve very nearly ended up spitting out the first bitter mouthful. In addition to that, breakfast consisted of tasteless gruel, which according to Jarvis included all the necessary nutrients. That probably made it better than what most people around these parts could get their hands on.
"No. Not all of them. Not anymore," Steve said firmly. "It won't be easy, but we'll put up a damn good fight, and we won't give up. Even if it's going to take another decade, or a whole century, in the end, we'll win."
"You needed the rest. As did Captain Rogers," Jarvis said. Steve couldn't help noticing the AI was showing the same kind of initiative that Ultron had, just for a more benevolent reason.
A companion. This android is practically offering himself to Tony. He struggles to brush aside all the dirty thoughts that brings up. They're wrong on so many levels.
With his days busy, it was only in the evenings when he retreated to his floor that Steve had time to think about the past, and about what he'd begun to see as his actual primary investigation: understanding what'd happened back then, and locating his team. Frustratingly, he kept running into roadblocks every time he tried to look into it. Ultron wouldn't allow him access to most of the files he was interested in; the best he got were news articles. If he asked for anything directly connected to SHIELD, such as details or recordings of the trials that had put him on ice, Ultron invariably said he'd have to ask Tony. When he did, Tony claimed he couldn't help.
Tony waking up was impossible to miss. He groaned loudly as he sat up, stretched his arms and rolled his neck, then demanded, “What the hell was in that drink?”
He'd been taken in his sleep. Even though he knew he should be safe here, the idea of how helpless he'd be when he fell asleep was deeply unnerving. He thought of what must've happened earlier in Stark Tower: maybe he'd been sedated to make sure he wouldn't wake up, and then Ultron's drones had moved him from his bedroom to the VR suite. Maybe Stane had been there himself to plug Steve in, that cruel smirk on his lips.
Does Tony remember something about the trip back, if he asked about Steve? That's difficult to believe, considering that he was entirely out of it all through the flight, not to mention surrounded by rescue personnel who were keeping Steve at a distance. What he finds even more surprising is that Tony hasn't outright told them not to let him in the room. That's a good start.
Steve hummed in appreciation; the fingertips were definitely among the most sensitive parts of the frame, making this feel much more exciting than attempts at nipple play.
So, Steve went home and spent his night sleeping fitfully and going through variations of the upcoming conversation with Tony in his mind. Half of them ended up in flames, the other half in fiery moments of passion. Unfortunately, the first was by far the more likely outcome.
"In that case, don't go anywhere," the receptionist said, pushed the glass at Steve, and disappeared into a back room.
He'd called Toro the first thing after he'd heard of the fire at van Dyne's house, but the young man had assured Steve he knew nothing about that. Unfortunately, the Human Torch had gone missing soon after the war had ended, and Steve didn't know his whereabouts. Toro had sworn he didn't know, either, and Steve believed him. This didn't make the Torch's absence any less dubious, but Steve couldn't imagine why he'd be involved in this either. Steve knew both of them well, and would've trusted them with his life, like all the Invaders. Toro and the Torch were good men. They wouldn't go around setting random buildings on fire any more than Steve would.
As was his habit, he checked his answering machine—the special device the military had supplied him with that was connected to his separate Captain America phone line—first thing when he got to his apartment. He was surprised to find he'd been left a message by Tony's friend Pepper Potts.
Tony got up on one elbow, raising his head to look at Steve. His face was flushed, his eyes a little dazed. "Not really, but I think that's about enough for now. Still got the most important trial run to do."
He believed in justice, and in everyone being treated fairly and equally. In a world where Hydra held most of the strings, there was no guarantee one would get those going through the official channels, so they would have to be proactive, even if it required breaking the law. Whether or not he'd been ready to murder Stane just based on what he'd suffered himself—which had broken several laws and been downright villainous in every way—he certainly was after hearing what Stane had done to Tony.
Tony turned to look at him, and all of a sudden, the air was electric with anticipation. "Or you could stay," he said hopefully, and patted the mattress next to him. "It's better for me if you stick around, you know. Scientifically proven fact."
Tony doesn't know how to bring it up with Pepper, so he tries to avoid the topic, but he can only do that for so long. When he finally does tell her, it's because of a practical necessity. Doing maintenance is kind of tricky. It's not something he really took into account when putting the device together. The way CyberLife designs their parts, they're not meant to be serviced without removing them, which is something Tony can't do. He wouldn't last five minutes if he took out the reactor.
Steve was gone, and it hurt more than losing his arm. He would've happily given both arms to keep Steve alive. He would've given his life. Steve had been the closest thing to family he'd had, and now he had no one.
Her smile when she beckoned him aside was definitely a good sign. Bucky left the other young resistance fighters to go on with their sparring and hurried to her.
"I always thought it's nonsense, same as you," Pepper corrected him. "Although yes, romantic nonsense at that. I'm still not sure what I think, when it's just the one study. The media's loving it, of course. 'Science confirms: soulmates exist' is the top of the news on every channel and website."
Because he felt like he deserved to suffer, and telling Steve was yet another, particularly cruel way of tormenting himself.
Steve stared at the phone in his hand, with the nagging feeling that there had been something wrong about the whole conversation. It took him a while to realize what it was.
Steve couldn't stop second-guessing himself, wondering if instead of waiting so he could eavesdrop on the meeting, he should've brought Tony in. It might've gone badly wrong; Tony might've resisted, so that he would've ended up burning down the inn instead of another empty warehouse—but there was also a chance he might've listened to Steve, and that he'd still be alive.
Tony wasn't wearing anything under his coveralls. No union suit, like Steve could've expected, not even an undershirt. It was just like in Steve's dream, which felt like ages ago, but had actually been last night.
Tony waved a forefinger at Rhodey. "See, that attitude is why they've kept at this for decades, no matter how flimsy the evidence. The nutjobs who believe in this wouldn't be able to get funding if not for all the undecided folks. Since there are enough people who're on the fence, they can always get a grant from here or there, and so they keep going. It's like perpetual motion." He waved his hand around in a circle. "If you could harness human gullibility as a power source, you'd have unlimited free energy."
Steve's shoulders shift in a gesture that looks a whole lot like a shudder of discomfort. "Then they'll deactivate me and put me back in the storage box I came from."
"Tony! You can't just let them take you!" a firm female voice called out from behind him. It was Paola, one of the leaders of the convoy. Instead of retreating with most of the group, she had, like Tony, thought of others' security first. Her dark brown skin was smudged with dirt, no doubt from when she'd taken cover from the blast, but her expression was fierce.
Tony casts a look at Sam over his shoulder, and even though he's wearing the armor, Sam can practically see the angry glare. "He's stable, all right. He might be perfectly stable for the next seventy years!" he growls.
"I'll want to ask you more questions later," Steve told Tony before leaving him to the rescue personnel. "I'm investigating another fire that took place earlier this week, and there's a chance this one might be connected."
Steve has seen death before, and it's what he sees now, in the bluish pallor of Tony's face beneath the mud stains and the two days' growth of beard, and in the way his arms don't settle by his sides, but stay angled, unnaturally stiff.
"If you ask me, you'd still be better off knowing for sure," Pepper insisted. "If it turns out you're wrong, you'll save yourself a lot of grief. If you're right, well, you can't know for sure how he'll take it. You might be surprised. Besides, having a match doesn't mean you have to do anything about it. Plenty of pincs never get romantically involved and become good friends instead. Some decide they're too different and not right for one another and go on with their lives."
Steve was wrong in claiming that he'd saved Tony from torture, Tony thinks. The word is as good a description for his day as any. It's simultaneously full of suffering, and incredibly dull and monotonous.
Steve settled down in the chair next to Tony’s bed. In place of entertainment, he got a tablet that had Bruce’s results on the creature and the substance so far. He wouldn't understand all of it, but being an Avenger had been surprisingly good training for understanding strange science, so he supposed he could at least get the key details.
—is a pretty blonde with a friendly smile, and Tony recognizes the model: RT600, commonly known as Chloe. CyberLife's flagship, their first commercial success, and the first android to pass the Turing test. Not that that's much of an achievement. JARVIS could pass it using a fraction of his processing capacity. It's just that Tony's never bothered to play at that particular game.
Steve is about to dive into deep thoughts on what their friendship could have meant to him as well as to the Avengers as a group, when a knock on the door startles him out of his introspection. Feeling almost a little embarrassed, he sits up straight against the wall, but otherwise doesn't shift from his place.
It hadn't crossed Bucky's mind that it might be possible to ride this massive being. It made perfect sense, though.
"You're in the hospital in Tromsø. You were airlifted here yesterday from the Finnish side of the border, with a dangerously low body temperature. How you ended up that way, we don't know," she explains, confirming Tony's guess that he is still up north, as well as the fact that the hiking trip from hell really did take place. That just leaves one crucial detail that he needs to clarify.
"Seems like you two have things to talk about. I'll be close by, if you need anything," the nurse says, and heads out of the room.
He knew this wasn't real, and he tried to keep focused on that, like he'd been taught in his SHIELD training. Whatever he felt, his frame wouldn't be injured. Unfortunately, it was difficult to think of the outside world as a safe and stabilizing anchor when he knew that it was everything but safe, and that he was almost as trapped there as he was here. Of course, there was the resistance—but he shouldn't think about them now. He couldn't expose them. If he told Tony, then Tony would tell Hydra. Which, no. He wasn't going to break and tell about them. Never.
Steve's expression seemed to be enough for Tony to catch the drift. He took each of Steve's hands in his. "Steve. You do realize there's nothing wrong about this, don't you? About us?"
As Bucky ushered Stark into his cell and unshackled his wrists, Stark turned around and grabbed Bucky by the sleeves.
"Clearly," Tony repeated. He'd taken off his cap and grabbed a handful of his hair. "I—I guess I would've done that, but—if that's the truth, then why lie to them?" He waved the cap in the Kingpin's general direction. "Why make up this story about an artifact?"
"Not like him. Never," Tony said, his voice thick with emotion. "You can do whatever you want, Steve. I don't expect anything of you. You're free to leave. Really, you probably should. I'm not much fun to be around, these days."
"That's the one. Now, never mind that most of the culprits are on ice, and that they'd need longer than this to set up shop again even if they weren't, why would they be so careless as to use the same base of operations again?" Peggy asked.
Looking around him as they walked ahead amidst the cliffs near the shore, Bucky found himself thinking about how different Steve's life on Dinotopia must have been to his own. The group Steve was traveling with, two men and two women, carried no weapons that Bucky could see, unlike the Northerners. All of them seemed perfectly at ease with the dinosaurs, talking with them, and occasionally helping them when the terrain got difficult, since some of them had injuries, either as a result of their captivity, or inflicted by the guards during their escape.
So much would depend on him choosing his words and even his gestures correctly—and he'd never considered himself particularly good at that sort of thing.
He ends up dismantling the poor android almost entirely when he builds the suit of armor he uses to escape.
Still, more than guilty, more than anything, it made Steve profoundly sad, thinking that he could never even talk to Tony again, let alone touch him.
Outside, it has started raining again. The patter of raindrops on the roof mixes with the crackling of the fire. It's very cozy, but Steve doesn't feel particularly restful. Instead, his unease grows worse and worse as time passes. Tony should have reached him already, if he were coming this way, and it doesn't make sense for him to go anywhere else in this weather.
He kept glancing at the front and back doors in turn, hoping against hope that Tony might step into the room. He didn't. Steve couldn't help but feel a little concerned. For all he knew, Tony could be in a world of trouble right now. Then again, he'd left willingly. He might've just as well gone to meet with accomplices. Steve couldn't keep thinking the best of Tony just because he was charming and seemed to enjoy Steve's company.
After his years of sleeping around, Tony thought he'd experienced just about everything there was for a human being to do for pleasure. With Steve, he gets to go on a whole new journey of discovery. Steve is very quick to learn how to get Tony off, which makes it unfair that it takes Tony much longer to figure out what Steve likes. Of course, Steve doesn't know that himself, so the only solution is a lot of experimenting. It's a challenge Tony accepts gladly and dedicates plenty of time to. They decide against downloading any new software for Steve; instead, he ends up severing all his connections to CyberLife's servers, for fear of them noticing how he's changed. They do order some new hardware for him, though. Several times, because why settle for one set of privates, when you can swap them to suit your mood?
"That's none of your business, android," Obie snaps. "Actually, I'm starving. Go to the kitchen and see if there's any of that pizza left."
"He'll be at his most vulnerable when he's just been placed in a new clone, and even though the clinic is secure, it's not as impenetrable as Stark Tower," Pepper added. "We've spent a lot of time thinking about this. It's the best window of opportunity we've got."
Steve tried to get up, but his muscles wouldn't as much as twitch. Clearly, this frame was particularly vulnerable to stun weapons. That hadn't been in the specs. Steve supposed Rumlow had somehow known about it.
Bucky glanced at the dinosaur, apprehension plain on his face. "You've told him not to eat me, right?"
"How about this Jan he's visiting, then? That wouldn't happen to be one Janet van Dyne, would it?" Steve pressed on.
"Captain. How brave of you to show your face here again," Ultron greeted him, the sound emanating from both drones at the exact same time.
Steve should've killed Stane. The thought that there was a chance he might slip through the holes of the justice system made his blood boil, but he pushed the anger to the background. It was a distraction that he couldn't afford right now.
As he had already heard, Tony's parents had died just three years after Steve had been sentenced. Now that he knew who had been behind the takeover, it seemed to fit the pattern. The Starks would've tried to stand up against what Hydra was doing with SHIELD, and so they had been eliminated. Tony had probably been considered either too young and too insignificant, or a potential ally, and left alive because of that.
Steve makes a face. "Unapproved prototype. Probably too dangerous and risky to be allowed out there. That's like me, then."
As soon as she'd said the name, it made sense. It was disgusting and disappointing, and yet, it wasn't surprising in the least. Of course it had been Tony. Tony, who had always loved seeing him in buff frames; Tony, who had, on the last night of Steve's past life, confessed his feelings and started talking about maybe getting together while Steve was in his own body. Clearly, he hadn't been that fond of Steve's own body, after all. His face, maybe, but the rest of it, not so much.
On some subconscious level, Steve had always thought that the rift between him and Tony was temporary. He'd been convinced that eventually, when enough time had passed, they would reconcile and things would go back to some kind of status quo, with the Avengers reunited once again. He was wrong. That's never going to happen. The Avengers might reassemble, but they won't be the same, and there will be no reconciliation for him and Tony.
The others were less finely dressed, looking more like your average thug. There were three of them, in addition to the leader. The one to Tony's right wore brass knuckles; the one to his left had purposefully opened his jacket to show off the shoulder holsters. The one behind Tony seemed to rely on his size alone, and wasn't openly carrying any weapons.
"Yeah, yeah, dad's obsession, reverse psychology, blah blah. Please spare me the pop psych, it's way too early for that," Tony groaned, going for a large gulp of coffee.
Of course, there would've been an easy way to find out. All he'd need to do would be to ask Steve, run the matching algorithm on their genomes, and he'd know.
Tony clasped his hands together, looking ever so slightly unnerved. "Nah, it's fine. The shrinks helped me sort out the most recent shit Obie put me through. I chose to blur out a lot of the memories. They're still somewhere in there in case I need to testify, just, you know. Easier to handle." He shrugged. "You'll probably think that was cowardly of me."
Once again, he wonders how Steve is doing. Steve would probably be warm, even in this weather, with that super soldier metabolism.
He ate, although he had no appetite, and spent some time working out, just to distract himself. He was stuck between guilt and worry; as much as he regretted his failure of moral integrity, he also didn't want anything bad to happen to Tony.
He wasn't going to break. He couldn't. He closed his eyes and forced his breathing to slow, trying to make the best of even this short respite. This wasn't real. He could take this.
Steve didn't need to be told twice. He sat up, undid Tony's belt and pulled down his pants and briefs. His socks and shoes were only a minor obstacle on the way. Soon, Tony was entirely naked. Lying there in the light of the hearth, he looked perfect; like some antique god of fire, his skin aglow and his cock standing proud.
Outside, it was getting late, sunset pinks and oranges coloring the sky. Most people would be gathering for dinner around now, those with families in their homes, the young people like Bucky at the canteen. He wasn't hungry at all. He had too much on his mind.
"Are there any humans in this building aside from the two of us?" Tony asks him, watching her slip out of the room. Looking at her back, the curve of her hips, the way she walks in her designer heels, you'd never guess she's a machine.
They fell into silence again. With the tension between them dissipated, it was amicable, not awkward.
"That the bullet grazed your shoulder. You eventually drove away the bandits, but you had only one spare tire, so you had to abandon the Jeep. In the end, you still found some interesting ruins, even though most of the treasure had been pillaged long ago. He definitely didn't mention you getting shot in the chest. I think he would've remembered that."
"If you're doing it, yes, it clearly is," Tony insisted, "and you shouldn't feel ashamed of it. But I understand. I can imagine it's not easy being a national symbol. I mean, I can't deny that it was a surprise for me to realize you're not straight. I may have assumed a lot of things about you that aren't true. I guess I've got a lot to learn about you, too." He started to let go of Steve's hands.
For a moment, there was just tense silence that stretched on, Steve lying down, Tony sitting next to him, looking away, his expression distant. This wasn't how Steve had meant this to go, even if it had cleared the air between them.
The initial shock quickly gave way to anger. He felt violated. Someone had copied him, made a fake uncannily similar to his original flesh and blood, and yet nothing like him, and they'd done it without asking for his permission. That was downright illegal. Sure, you could make fakes look like anything that human cells could build, but someone's birth body was untouchable—or at least it had been, back when Steve had last been conscious.
A slight, noiseless movement in the background caught Steve's eye: one of Hammer's drones straightened up, the launchers on its shoulders changing alignment.
"It may be a cliché, but that doesn't mean it's wrong," Steve said. "I don't know if you realized it back then, but I didn't hook up with you because of your fame, fortune, and pretty face. It was because you were great company. When you weren't annoying the heck out of me."
"I'm here to see Stane," Steve returned, keeping his tone as calm as he could. "Are you going to take me to him or not?"
"I will need to go pretty soon," Steve adds. "The nurse said you'll have more visitors, from back home, and I can't be here when they show up."
"Yes. And now she's a citizen of Dinotopia, like all the rest of us, and I think she's happy there," Steve said. "I'm sure you will be, too."
Rhodey moved closer to the table, pulling up the last of the bar stools for himself. "The NYPD is firmly under SHIELD control," he said, though he seemed more curious and less skeptical than Tony.
Like a punch to the gut, it struck Bucky that this dinosaur seemed to be expressing more concern towards Stark than any human he'd talked to recently. Even more worried than before, but also more convinced that he was doing the right thing, he hurried to unlock Stark's cell.
"Sorry, we don't have to do this now," Steve said, coming through ever so slightly disappointed when Tony hadn't answered at all. "It can wait until you're better."
"Nothing out of the usual," Bucky said, going straight for the food. "The last I heard, there was some apartment fire in Greenwich Village. First radio traffic was around half an hour ago. It doesn't sound particularly unusual, though. Could be a regular accident."
Steve leaned his hands on the edge of the chaise longue in anticipation, his legs prickling with gooseflesh where Tony was touching him. One of Tony's hands moved to touch his cock, as cautious as he'd been when touching himself earlier, entirely different from the confidence Steve remembered from the past. He was desperate for more, but he knew he'd set himself up to be teased, what with that promise he'd given, so he just gave a needy groan instead of a more direct request.
"Believe me, I'm just as surprised as you are," Tony said, glancing past Steve. The look on his face grew more and more shocked as he took in the surroundings, his complexion going pale beneath the soot. "Where are we? What happened here? This looks like a war zone!"
"You know that soldiers can get into a lot of trouble for such things," Steve said, the gravity of his expression at odds with the all-encompassing joy that had taken hold of Tony.
Steve knew how securely guarded the Tower was. Ultron controlled everything, from the street-floor entrances to the top-floor penthouse. Every single elevator and stairwell was under constant surveillance, and no doubt there would be drones patrolling the skies around the tower as well, now that Stane had been granted those extra privileges to use them at will. Getting Tony out of there wouldn't be any easier than it would've been to try and kidnap Stane in broad daylight, which they'd already dismissed.
Steve had concluded that his first earliest hunch had probably been true, and any soulmate he might've had was either dead or very old by now. He didn't expect a lot of nonagenarians to have sent their samples for soulmate matching.
The Mayor's smile returned at his enthusiasm. "I know, and I've been told you might be ready for your first assignment soon."
That's when the penny drops, and it all suddenly makes sense to Sam. He feels like he's been a fool. The snow, the ice, the cold. The way Steve had been frozen for decades before SHIELD found him.
At no point after what'd gone down between the two of them had Steve gotten the sense that Tony was out to get him or actively wanted to make him feel bad about what had happened.
"I'm pretty sure walking will be faster than trying to train horses who've never seen a rider," Steve commented. If it were up to him alone, he'd run the whole distance to wherever they needed to go, but he knew the others wouldn't be able to keep up with him.
and a pilot weren't a rider and a steed, but two companions working as equal partners. Sam and Redwing had been flying together since they were young, and by Sam's own words, understood each other better than anyone.
“But he’s okay?” Steve asked. He knew how strong he was; he could’ve all too easily hurt Tony, the way he’d been acting, all unhinged.
"I already did, and I appreciate his work as well. He's proven himself time and time again, but I'll be entirely honest with you: I have my suspicions about him." The Mayor leaned on her elbows, bending closer to Bucky, lowering her voice. "See, a good leader needs to be firm, but also understanding. Brock Rumlow is skilled at his job, but I fear he might enjoy being cruel, and that's not the mark of a good man. We want to fight the dinosaurs, not turn into them. To succeed in our cause, we sometimes need to do terrible things, but the moment we start liking them, we've gone too far."
"I… " Tony breathed out, his expression suddenly more serious. "I was thinking it's all bad, I really was. That maybe I shouldn't have been healed—that I should've been buried with the Fountain, because I'm too dangerous. But," he paused and covered Steve's hand with his, pressing it against his chest. "I'm starting to reconsider that, because I wouldn't be here with you without it. Even if I'm not sure I deserve this."
"Okay, I'm not doing anything yet, just taking position," Pepper warned him, and something cold and hard pressed against his neck, at the base of his skull. Every instinct in Steve's overstressed mind told him to fight it, to lash out at her, to run, but he dug his nails into his forearms and kept his head down.
Steve couldn't disagree with that. "You do, and I'm lagging far behind. You still haven't told me why you've brought me here."
Tony's room was no different from the rest of the inn. When he opened the door and stopped in the corridor to cast a cautious look inside, Steve saw over his shoulder that it was windowless and just big enough to hold a double bed and a small desk with a phone on it. The wallpaper that might once have been white was more of a light beige now, and was peeling in places, but at least the smell of cigarette smoke that'd been ubiquitous in the bar was less pronounced here. The door to the left of the desk was half open, showing a glimpse of a tiny bathroom, a tub filling most of it.
"Those firemen are very good at their job," Steve assured her. "Can you tell me more about this upstairs neighbor? Do you know them well?"
Obie cuts open Tony's shirt. The sound of the fabric ripping sends his mind back to the cave, where he wasn't the victim, but the murderer. The poetic justice is perfect. Obie will do to Tony exactly what Tony did to #182 744 561 - 2.
"Right, of course you did. Good. Great. Awesome," Tony said, and then, for some reason, lapsed into laughter that sounded half hysterical. His weight disappeared from on top of Steve, and he landed heavily on the bed by Steve's side, the foam of the bed rippling as he hit it.
He must've fallen asleep at some point, because the next time he was aware of his surroundings again, the voices were gone, and he felt slightly better, the aches and pains more distant, his lungs clearer.
"Hm, right, of course you wouldn't know," Dr. Harris said, rubbing at his cheek. "See, we lost a colleague recently. Al Killian. Maya was on the same expedition, and I think she feels responsible. Really, if you ask me, the whole thing sounds like something out of a pulp. Went to explore ancient ruins, died in collapsed temple. It's hard to believe that he's gone."
"Don't even think about it," Ultron's sing-song voice echoed through the empty landing. "Try to force the door and I'll have my drones pick you up. You're not going below this floor, period, the end. Oh, and you might want to head back up soon. Curfew starts in fifteen minutes. If you're caught breaking the law while on parole, well, that wouldn't be good now would it?"
"182 744 561 - 2," Tony recites. Pepper would be amazed—but this is different than forgetting dates or personal details. This is a number he can't get out of his head. "It was a combat unit. Reinforced chassis, servos like it could bench press a truck. Auditory and optical biocomponents more advanced than any I've seen. Looked male. Blond. As gorgeous as they come."
"Huh, okay, that's one less thing to explain then," Tony said, clearly surprised. "How did you figure it out? They've been very careful in hiding their true nature."
Steve had been moving towards the door, thinking he was done with the conversation, but he stopped in his tracks to frown at Fury. "Wait, Stark Industries, as in, Howard's company?"
"If you've got nothing against it," he tells the nurse, with a yawn for good measure, "I think I'm going to take another nap now."
"Good morning to you, too," Steve replied, maybe a touch gruff, and stepped in, the door closing behind him.
After they'd finished eating and just cuddled in bed for some time, they advanced to rather awkward fooling around in the bathtub. There really wasn't enough room in it for two, but at least the clean-up was easy afterwards.
"We're here for Tony Stark," one of the group spoke up in a heavily accented form of the humans' lingua franca, maybe a Northern dialect Tony wasn't familiar with. Even with the hood shadowing his features, Tony could tell this particular Northerner was quite young, probably under twenty. One of his arms was bare from the shoulder down and seemed to be made of metal. "As long as he comes with us, no one else has to get hurt."
Tony's focus on Steve is so intense that he doesn't even seem to have noticed Sam coming in. He's leaning over Steve, Steve's hand between both of his. "Steve? Steve, it's okay, I'm right here. You're safe. Please, please, wake up," Tony pleads.
It didn't seem as if they'd planned it very well. "And then you left me with him until it was almost too late," Steve said.
He might've been able to keep his calm and stay reasonable if not for the fact that he's spent all night envisioning a completely different course of events. Now, he feels like a naive idiot. He's angry at Tony, and he's also angry at himself, for letting himself hope that something good could come out of this mess.
Trust Tony to say out loud the word that Steve had been avoiding even in his thoughts. “No. We didn’t,” Steve said firmly.
He thought of Steve. Of falling asleep in Steve's arms, warm and safe and as happy as he had ever been.
, he repeats to himself once more, and puts his hands on the android's chest to feel around for switches that must be there. He's not been up close and personal with any of the more recent models CyberLife has put out, but he doesn't expect the basics to have changed too much.
Steve could understand the impulse. Years as an agent had trained him to reel it in and keep up a calm appearance, but really, he felt like pacing, too. He hated waiting, and depending on other people for the success of a critically important mission, especially when he didn't know most of them very well.
Because things can always get worse no matter how wretched they are, in the small hours it starts to rain. The sad little fire sputters out entirely, and once it's gone, Tony realizes that it was still better than nothing, the way the chill quickly grows even more intense.
"Well, it was fine in the end," Steve said. This bothered him less than it seemed to bother Tony, maybe because he had known who Tony was all along, and he'd been aware of the potential danger. "Besides, it's not like I was any better. I might not be able to burn things, but I'm strong enough to hurt people if I'm not careful. I didn't tell you about that, either. Not to mention, you wouldn't have wanted me around if you'd known who I really was."
Steve hadn't even noticed Rhodey. Briefly lifting his gaze from Tony, he saw that there were others gathered around them: Pepper was there, too, and a gaunt
"Unsavory, as in, possibly criminal? Connected to the mob?" Steve suggested. He'd been expecting something like that, based on what Pepper had said.
"Would you like to talk about it?" Iron Man asked. He didn't need to elaborate. They'd both been out there, on that mission, and Iron Man clearly hadn't missed that it had left Steve shaken, that he’d retreated to hide as soon as he could.
As he went through the motions, Steve carefully observed the room around him and his transfer nurse. The obvious conclusion about the place was that it had to be a private clinic, and an expensive one, too. He had no clue why he would be in one. He couldn't imagine his captors choosing to give him the VIP treatment, which suggested they might not be behind this. Nevertheless, the situation made him uneasy. He hated not knowing what was going on, or why, especially with his last memories being what they were.
Kamski straightens up, his eyes growing wider. "Okay, I can't blame you for freaking out after that. So, what's it for? If you've still got a human heart, and that sure felt like you do, how does an android regulator figure into the equation?"
"Barely," Tony replied, and climbed up along Steve's body to reach for the nightstand. When he backed up to sit on top of Steve's thighs again, he was holding a bottle of lube. "So, here's the plan: you're going to demonstrate your manual dexterity by working me open, and then I'll ride that pretty cock of yours to see if it feels as good as it looks. How's that?"
Steve had never seen anyone this seriously ill before. Most people hadn't. In any other situation, they would've just swapped his body for a new one right away.
He'd thought they'd managed to pull off their mission without meeting the worst of all dinosaurs, but now it looked like they'd run out of luck on the return leg of their journey.
They'd rushed through the preparations in a single day. Tony had been apprehensive about waiting even that long before taking action, since it would mean Stane had more time to strengthen his safety precautions, not to mention the ever-present risk that he'd catch them. Still, even Tony had admitted that the delay was inevitable. There was no way they could've done anything sooner; simply contacting the resistance covertly had taken time. Besides, Steve had needed the day off to rest. Luckily, Jarvis's scan had confirmed that he hadn't suffered any permanent neural damage. He was currently feeling a lot better after another night of solid sleep, courtesy of a combination of sleep medication and Tony's company.
"You can always expect to see me where people need help," Steve said, returning the smile. "Come on. It's not safe here."
Steve patted her back a little awkwardly, and muttered, "It's all right," even though that felt like half a lie when he didn't really know what was going on.
"I'm sorry, Tony," Ultron replied, still sticking to the false name. "Even if I could, every projection I've run says it'd do you no good."
That was what the Mayor had said, too, but as far as Bucky knew, she'd never actually stepped foot in the enemy's cities. "And you've been there yourself, to see what it's like?" he asked Mona.
Close to eleven o'clock, the meeting was finally over, and Steve could start his long drive upstate. Looking at the map, he'd estimated that getting to Tony's hideout should take him around seven hours, plus whatever breaks he wanted to take. If he hadn't needed to refuel, he might not have taken any.
"You're pretty great, yourself, for a human," Steve says with a wink, and offers Tony a hand to help him up from the couch. "Come on. We've got a bad guy to sort out."
He wasn't ready to face Steve, to deal with all of his anger and disgust and disappointment. He didn't think he'd ever be. He'd have to, though, sooner or later; he couldn't avoid Steve for the rest of his life. Not unless it ended up being even shorter than he expected. What he needed was a permanent solution that was slightly less lethal.
"But that's the person you thought you'd be working with," Tony pointed out. "The adventurer from the magazine. Not some tired old man with a past full of regrets."
"I think he ran away, in that direction," the bald man waved a hand roughly towards the north. "I'm not sure, I wasn't very close."
Tony sighed and flipped his hand around to lace his fingers with Steve's. "Okay. That does help a little."
Steve reached out a hand slowly, waiting to see how Tony would react. The glare that he got in response was enough to make him back away.
"Yeah, although I don't know if I helped or made things worse," Steve said. "I asked a couple of medics about it afterwards and they didn't know either, since the whole situation was so unusual."
Steve knew how many adventures Tony had seen in his life before this island, and he had faith in Tony's ability to make it, no matter what challenges he faced. He'd hold on to that.
When he's finally gathered the courage to return to the living room, he half expects to find Steve standing in the exact same place where he left him. Instead, Steve's sitting on the couch, chatting away with Pepper. Both of them look perfectly at ease.
Steve had no idea what to expect from the VR scenario he was entering. When Stane had tortured him, it had been in a replica of his bedroom, but there was no reason he'd pick a similar setting for Tony. Stane had also been the only one present in that bedroom scenario, and there was no reason for that to be the case, now. There could be an army of programmed torturers, or bloodthirsty monsters, or no one at all, just an endless desert landscape or a vast sea where you'd have to swim until your strength failed and drown, again and again. Any horror that human or machine imagination could create.
Tony shrugged, looking uncomfortable. "It was a confusing time. I was suspicious, but they had convincing evidence. I wasn't sure what to think, and then my folks died and I had no time to think about anything else but the company."
Steve let the drones lead him to the elevator. They followed him inside, as well. As the doors closed behind them, Steve found himself suffocating on the feeling of being utterly trapped, all too familiar from his earlier stay at the Tower. For all that he was entirely committed to his plan and knew exactly what he needed to do, he couldn't help the physical reaction, the breath catching at his throat, the way his heart speeded up.
Tony looked exactly like he had in Stane's video, except that the blood on his face had now dried out; some of it had trailed into his moustache, staining it a rusty brown. A tear in his shirt revealed a glimpse of the power source embedded in his chest, its light dimmer than before, flickering. The expression of terror on his face was unmistakable, and from up close, Steve could hear his stilted breathing. He curled his fingers around Tony's wrist. The skin was cool under his fingers, Tony's pulse a rapid, irregular flutter.
Steve waited for a minute before following the two men. The door they'd walked through opened into a corridor with several more doors in it. He couldn't tell which one the two had picked, so he tried each of them. First, again, he found restrooms, then a cleaning closet, and a locked door that he forced open, only to reveal a storage room full of crates and barrels of beer.
"A week!" Steve repeated, getting up from his seat, his voice raised in outrage. "Why wasn't I told earlier?"
The hangover and the regret and horror over what he'd done and what he'd found out last night coalesced into overwhelming nausea that went far beyond mere physical discomfort. He turned his head for some less stale air, keeping his eyes firmly shut. He considered making a break for the bathroom—he didn't trust the bile to stay at his throat—but the idea of moving made him feel even worse. He tried taking deep breaths through his nose instead.
Tony couldn't bring himself to share Steve's optimism. "But what if something goes wrong? All these people—"
If it had been only the fire and the collapsed building, Steve would've been far more optimistic. He knew Tony had already survived a number of fires, as well as the cave-in of the underground temple where the Fountain had been, but there had also been those bullet wounds in Tony's chest. Steve was certain at least one, if not several of them had been through the heart. Even someone with a healing factor wouldn't shrug off an injury like that. Put together with everything else—he doubted anyone could survive all of it.
As much as he couldn't control what his subconscious got up to, he still felt vaguely guilty when he picked up the phone to call Pepper back and set up a meeting.
They took their time looking for a suitable campsite. Since they were so close to an enemy town, it would be crucial to find a place that was sheltered and had good lookout points close by. Once they'd found such a spot, Steve volunteered to return to the rendezvous to wait for Natasha. He knew she probably wouldn't be joining them for several hours, but he wanted to get the news from her as soon as possible.
"Look, even if you're right about him," the Bent-Root representative spoke up again, sounding skeptical, "what do you suggest we do? He's been with the Northerners for over two weeks. He could be anywhere by now—for all we know, he might not even be alive anymore!"
The revelation was like a physical weight landing on him, pressing him against the mattress. Breathing hard, Steve lowered the phone to his side and tried to unpack everything that this meant.
It strikes Tony that as much as this hurts, in a way, it's also a relief. It'll all be over soon. Then, he won't need to live with the guilt anymore.
Vaguely self-conscious about the others' eyes on him, Steve followed Tony. He knew exactly the kinds of conclusions people would jump to after the two of them had emerged from the bedroom together. No one commented on it though; they simply greeted him with cheerful wishes of "good morning" and got up to join the procession.
He doesn't want to tell Steve, because he doesn't want to drive Steve away. Besides, if Tony tells him something that makes him want to leave, he has nowhere to go. Then again, androids don't actually have feelings, which means they don't get angry—and anyway, if Steve's programming tells him to stay with Tony no matter what—
"No. That's not possible," Steve blurted out. Tony had been twenty-five when Steve had ended up on ice. That, plus eighty-five—no. Tony looked old, but he certainly didn't look like he was over a hundred. That couldn't be right.
"He's alive," she said, blinking and focusing on him. "But probably not for long. Happy, can I borrow your screen? You should all see this."
Apparently, the intuition of someone who knew Tony well was that he was the victim, and the fires were attacks against him. It sounded plausible, and Steve wanted to believe it, but wishful thinking wasn't evidence.
Steve could guess what Tony meant. He'd been afraid of Steve's rejection, and probably of losing the friendship that they both cherished. But especially now, after Tony had sacrificed everything to make sure that Ultron stayed contained, he wouldn't accept hearing such words from Tony.
They'd just reached the end of a long day on the trail, snuggling close in a shared sleeping bag, when a change in Tony's tone broke through the dream and beckoned Steve back to wakefulness.
The second wave of dizziness was probably more mental than physical, with the panic overtaking him at the thought that the sunstone was dead, leaving his ailing heart without support.
"Not going to bruise, you know," Steve told him, his voice coming through strained, the way he was holding his head.
The way Jarvis was talking about this, defensive almost to the point of being angry, made it sound like there were things about Tony's private life he didn't want Steve prodding at. It didn't have to mean that Tony liked men. Maybe he was into something else that would be frowned upon if it got out into the open.
"You nearly killed yourself, that's what happened," Steve said, anger flaring in his voice and in his mind. "And I found out that if one half of a matched couple gets seriously ill, that temporarily blocks the synchronization."
Their plan relied on the cover of the night and on the town not being too heavily guarded. Natasha hadn't been able to get detailed information regarding the enemy's defenses, but they were likely to be minimal. The Northerners wouldn't expect the pacifistic Dinotopians to attack them, and the town wasn't even close to any disputed areas or terrain inhabited by dinosaurs.
He ignores the voice at the back of his mind that wonders if it was irresponsible to leave Steve on his own. Steve has plenty of outdoor survival experience. Besides, it's Steve's fault they're here in the first place. His welfare shouldn't be Tony's problem.
He sat down next to Tony, still keeping his own slacks on. "Lie down," he said, a hand very lightly on Tony's shoulder to reinforce the words; a request rather than a command.
"And yet you come here every time you've got a local assignment, I've noticed. No other Agent does that," Tony said, walking towards Steve and paying no mind to the rows of other stasis boxes lined up around them. "Is it some kind of ritual for you? Like what actors do before a performance?"
"Suit yourself," Tony said. "I'm getting a drink, either way." He headed for the bar by one of the walls, leaving Steve to pick a seat on one of the brown leather sofas.
"Of course I do, Cap! Give me a few minutes, I'll get you a list," she promised, her expression lighting up.
“Oh yes, what a trial for you to be trapped in the same room as your teammate, while I’m obviously having the time of my life here,” Steve grumbled back at him.
He ran his thumb over the slit, probably smearing traces of Tony's come over his own pre-come. That was a much more exciting thought.
Checking over Tony's body cursorily to see if there are any obvious injuries, he doesn't find anything aside from some abrasions on Tony's palms. His clothes are soaking wet. It seems like it's the weather itself that got to him: hypothermia, from the constant cold, wind and rain.
"Ultron has concluded that Stane's node is irretrievable," Natasha said, her voice unwaveringly professional. "He'll be making the backup download request right now."
Reacting in the fraction of a second, Steve leaped up and pushed Tony over, chair and all. They crashed into Pepper, who seemed to catch on quickly and dropped to the floor on her own. Tony was a little slower to figure it out. He yelped in surprise as he fell, his hands grabbing fistfuls of Steve's jacket, but then froze as a plasma bolt hit the table, showering them with splinters and pieces of broken china. Steve tried to do what he could to shield both Tony and Pepper with his body; he had the largest frame and the best combat specs.
Steve had to admit he hadn't even considered that; he tended to forget that people saw him as such a major threat. Of course, Stane might consider Pepper even more threatening because she knew so much about how he operated, down to all the details of his security measures.
They really had played their cards well in this, putting Stark Industries in prime position to become the market leader in a new burgeoning field.
"That's craftsmanship," Tony said, his voice awed and husky. "Full mechanical functionality but no fluids, right?"
"That's quicker than I expected," Steve said, still struggling to wrap his mind around the idea. He'd thought the process would take much longer; he'd worried that the month the doctors had estimated Tony had left would be cutting it close.
Finally, after three days and nights of uneventful waiting, Tony was escorted out of the carriage to another, worse prison. His hands shackled behind his back again, he was walked across a large courtyard. The castle around him was a melange of many different historical periods and styles, like most other buildings in Dinotopia, but the dinosaurian influences were very obviously missing from it: there were no intricate carvings or other fine decorative details to be seen. He wasn't given time to admire the sights, but was taken directly to a stairway leading down to a dungeon where a series of dimly lit stone-walled corridors brought him to his new home.
The entirely honest truth was, Tony couldn't really be sure. No one had done anything exactly like this before.
almost desperate about is the hunger, but first things first. There's a reason he spent the night up here.
"If you prefer less gentle, I can do that, too," Steve said, placed his hands beneath Tony's buttocks, and lifted him right off the bed.
Steve sighed. So much for talking to Tony as soon as possible. Maybe he should've ignored his manners and showed up at sunrise, after all. "I guess I'll just have to wait until tomorrow, then, and hope he's less busy. How about you? I have a few more questions about the fire. Are you in a hurry?"
"That's what I'm trying to find out," Steve said. It was frustrating that after several days, he had barely made any headway.
"Who?" Tony returned. That was odd. He should've recognized the name. Steve had mentioned him often enough. Tony had even met him a few times at HQ.
"Aww, no need to worry for me, Green Genes. Relax. I'm not going to. It's just a thought experiment," Tony said.
"Not entirely. There's a low-level precinct chief called Nick Fury who's running this resistance operation. The woman you know as Natalie Rushman works for him," Steve said, pointing his last words at Pepper.
After waking up briefly, Tony had fallen asleep again, but Bucky could tell he was improving, from the color returning to his cheeks and the way his breathing sounded better than it had all night.
Tony let out a huff that somehow seemed frustrated and fond at the same time. "See what I have to put up with?"
Obie's hand settles on Tony's chest, his fingers probing the edges of the reactor. "I don't want to do this, but you've left me no choice. You really should've given up the design voluntarily."
He doubted Tony would be willing to talk to him if he tried to approach him in costume, whether to detain him, or just to have a friendly chat. Clearly, Tony wasn't currently too fond of Captain America's attention.
His fire has dwindled to embers, no longer enough to warm up the small lean-to he's put together, and he's shivering in his summer suit. The shelter isn't much to write home about, anyway, since the best material for supports that he was able to find were the same thin twigs that he used for the kite's frame. It took him most of last evening to work them into a structure sturdy enough to hold up the parachute fabric in a triangular space he could barely fit in.
It's too much; it's too kind. If Steve knew the truth, if he knew the secret Tony's keeping from him, he wouldn't be talking like that.
There was a brief pause before Tony replied, "I was expecting as much. Big ugly building, not at all your style. I'm glad you've got your career plan all sorted out."
Dented armor forgotten, he grabbed a bottle of bourbon and poured himself one, the article still open on the screens in front of him.
Steve leaned his head against the shower wall, his eyes closed, letting the spray trickle over his face, as if it could wash away the harrowing memories like it did the bloodstains. Even though the water was warm and the floor tiles below him heated, he still shivered.
"Try again," Steve said, and grabbed hold of his shirt front to press him against the wall. "You must know something. He was here last night, and he left with you."
Sleep took some time to come, both because the day had left his mind reeling, and because of the lingering anxiety that might or might not be radiating from Tony. Maybe it was all Steve's.
"Natalie was there. She's the one who found me with my brains blown out all over the landscape. Cameras show her getting there and instantly calling for help, but still, it doesn't exactly make her less suspicious, does it?" Tony pulled a face. "I don't know what her motive would be, unless she's in league with him, which she could be. Justin has a bucketload of motives. He hates my guts as much as I hate his. He thinks he's competing with me, and sure, his company's a notable player on Earth, in some segments. On a system-wide scale, though, they're nothing. He's more of an inconvenience to me than a threat. Unless he's the one trying to kill me."
Steve took Tony's hands in his, lacing his slender fingers with Tony's slightly shorter and older-looking ones. "You'd better," Steve told him. "I'm not sure I'd be so convinced if you weren't here with me."
It's true that Tony has no idea what he's going to do with this android, but he's sure as hell not going to tell Steve to go back just so that they can shut him down.
After a few endless seconds of freefall, Steve pulled on the activation cord, and the pack on his back hummed to life, quickly stripping him of the momentum he'd gained. After the first few near misses, all cars were giving him a wide berth, probably having gotten a hazard warning from the others. Of course, there was also less and less traffic the lower he got, and he floated down the last fifty meters or so without a single vehicle in sight.
He puts together his makeshift line and hook, drops the bait into the lake, and sits to wait. It's a very long wait.
Tony froze, frowning at Steve like he couldn't parse the words. "You should probably take some more time to think about that."
"They're SHIELD files directly related to me! I was there!" Steve argued. "Surely I've got the right to look at them."
"What do you want to do next?" Tony asked, eyeing him hungrily. He seemed hard, again, already. Steve had expected that, too; a clone that was physically young and very recently brought into use would often make for a nearly non-existent refractory period. "I've got to warn you, though: I'd love to fuck you, or for you to fuck me, but I'm not a hundred percent either will work out," Tony added, before Steve had time to think of his answer.
They were still standing in front of the cabin. It didn't feel like the best place for what was hopefully developing into a serious, candid conversation. "Maybe we should sit down," Steve suggested.
As answers went, Bucky found that entirely unconvincing. "So, do you think humans that you find ugly are also evil? What about those who lack a limb?" He raised his metal arm for emphasis.
He wasn't in his bedroom, neither the real one nor the virtual replica. Instead, he was in the VR suite that was a part of his apartment, still dressed in the t-shirt and shorts he'd worn when he'd gone to sleep. Even through all the confusion and pain, it was obvious what must've happened: he'd been yanked out of VR without the proper procedure, by someone physically pulling off the electrodes. There were reasons why this wasn't recommended under any circumstances, no matter how urgent.
“Okay, fair enough, there’s that,” Tony admitted, his expression still sullen. “But now I’m not, this isn’t a life-and-death situation, and you can undress me like any sane, normal person would. Let’s just get this over with.” He grabbed the hem of his shirt with his uninjured hand to start pulling it up.
Tony laughed, happy and relaxed. It was the best sound Steve had heard since he'd woken up in this same place in his current frame; it brought up a warm feeling in his chest that was more fulfilling than any climax could be.
He raised Tony's hand to his lips, pressing a kiss against the lifeless fingers. "Tony, please. I'm right here. Come back to me."
Steve's vision was starting to go fuzzy at the edges, his ears ringing. He struggled to push Tony away, to move his arms, to kick at him, but all he got was a feeble twitch. He should've been able to do more. It couldn't be just the oxygen deprivation. This was all wrong, everything was wrong—he tried to speak, to make any kind of sound, but nothing came out.
"He does listen to you, though," Natasha said. "I've spent time trying to figure him out, and I think there's more to him than meets the eye. He's been through a lot, too. I've heard people who knew him say he's changed, and it's hardly surprising. His parents died—or were killed—when SHIELD was taken over. Not long after that, he lost his remaining mentor, and his longtime butler as well. All of them gone for good within less than ten years, and the full responsibility over the company on his shoulders."
Tony had climbed back to the pier, although if Steve hadn't known he was Tony Stark, he wouldn't have recognized the man. Somehow, his coveralls had not caught fire; the fabric must have flame-resistant properties. Every part of his skin that wasn't covered by clothing was glowing, but it wasn't that golden shimmer from last night. It was an angry orange, like lava, or metal heated to the melting point. The most disturbing part, though, were his eyes: they were a brighter red in the middle of the fiery glow, and there was nothing human about them anymore.
Two more thugs exited a car with a woman in tow, one of them dragging her by the arm, the other lifting out a ball chained to her ankle. She wasn't struggling, but going by the glum look on her face, her disheveled dark hair and rumpled clothing, she probably had at some point. They brought her to the edge of the water, close to where Steve was hiding, setting the weight by her feet.
"That him?" the Northerner wielding the hunting rifle, a tall man with a stubbled chin, asked the metal-armed one.
"It's okay," Tony said, adjusting their emergency blanket so that it cocooned most of Steve's upper body, even his head. "There's nothing to do now but wait. You just rest. Take a nap, if you can."
!" Tony roars at the Avenjet's computer screen in front of him. "He can't have gotten that far. If there'd been some kind of a portal, we would've picked up the energy signature. We need better coverage. What aren't we using yet?" He taps his fingers on the console, clearly thinking fervently. "Oh, I know. We're in Siberia. Russian reconnaissance satellites!"
"My programming includes standard first-aid responses. The chassis is equipped with instant full-body support crash foam. Emergency anti-grav packs can be found under each seat—"
Bucky glanced past the wing of the plane and Steve's red, white and blue figure clinging to it. There was no land in sight, and the sea had to be at least several hundred feet below them. Steve might be able to take the impact from this height, but Bucky was sure he wouldn't.
The moment Tony first looked into Steve's eyes on the Quinjet, he knew his life would never be the same again.
What he couldn't forget were the faces of the people who had gotten hurt because of him. Today had been particularly bad because they'd only been a few minutes too late. If they'd just been those crucial minutes faster in Assembling, no one would've gotten hurt. They would need to practice harder. Shave off all the extra time they could.
"I can't even say for sure that I didn't." Tony sounded even more miserable, and tired, as well, with the tension of Steve's sudden arrival fading.
He thought about what he'd do if he managed to fulfill this obligation he was now stuck with. He'd need to figure out what had happened when he'd died. Who were the people who had set him up and killed his team, and driven the possible survivors into hiding?
Steve turned the first one around. On the flip side was a note: "Steve, I said I had secrets. Well, here's one: Ed isn't my first name. If you still want to see me again, give me a ring."
They reached the one hundredth floor, where they had to switch elevators. Again, there was no one else around. Steve didn't resist as one of the drones pressed a cannon arm between his shoulder blades and the other led the way to the next car that'd take them all the way up to Stane's residential floors.
"It's not a very fair guessing game," Steve agreed. "Especially since there isn't a right answer. Sure, I've been hired muscle, but also a bunch of other things. Courier. Handyman. Odd jobs."
Bucky tried to picture the dashing adventurer from the magazine as a lackey to evil lizards who'd subjugated humans, and he couldn't quite see it, but the Mayor was right. Everything he knew about Tony Stark came from stories. It was entirely possible the man wasn't as heroic as his chroniclers had made him to be.
"It's neither of those," he said firmly. "I'm as real as you are, Tony. My frame is in a chair next to yours, out in the real world."
"I'm willing to take your word for it. You've got a very honest and convincing voice," Tony said, grabbed hold of Steve's tie and pulled him into another fiery kiss. Steve wasn't sure if all the prickling he felt around his mouth was from Tony's moustache, or if some of it was from that heat. Either way, it was unique and fascinating.
Obie seems to notice where Tony's looking, and his expression grows even more malicious. "I'm going to set him up, you know. Your precious plastic buddy. It'll look like he killed you, and CyberLife will be in too much trouble over it to resist our intrusion to their market."
Tony looked exactly like he had before Steve had gone in the ice, his clean-shaven, youthful face making his eyes seem even bigger than they had in his older clones. Instead of the silk robes Steve had come to expect from this place, Tony was still wearing the same shabby style of clothing Steve was used to seeing him in. On this younger frame, which wasn't quite as gaunt as his previous one had been, it gave an impression that was retro and rebellious rather than old and worn.
He changed out of his costume and into the same suit he'd worn when he'd last met Tony. When he combed his hair and checked it in the mirror, he told himself it was mainly to make sure it wouldn't look flattened after having been under his cowl all day. He wouldn't want that to give him away.
"Miss Potts has some ideas regarding my duties," Steve says. His smile looks genuinely enthusiastic, and even if it's all plastic and code, it still does funny things to Tony's insides. It takes him a moment to register the content of Steve's sentence.
Maya had assured Steve that what she'd told everyone on the pier had been the actual truth. He didn't feel overly trusting towards her, considering what had happened previously, but he couldn't imagine what she had to gain by lying now. Besides, she'd seemed genuinely repentant; she felt partly responsible for the entire incident. She'd confessed that it hadn't been a coincidence that the two teams had ended up at the Fountain at the same time. She'd left Tony a clue that had led him there, as a backup plan in case she failed to locate the temple with her own team.
Bucky—looking slightly older than Steve remembered him, as if he had aged a year within the months they'd spent apart, his hair longer, his face more lined—was holding on to Tony, whose usually neat facial hair had grown to a scraggly beard during his captivity. Tony seemed out cold, hunched forwards, his eyes closed.
Of course, Tony knew there was one major flaw in his own line of thinking. If he stuck to his guns until he passed out from going too long without water, and the Northerners sent someone to make sure he wasn't actually dead, there was a risk that they'd notice the sunstone in his chest. That was something he absolutely couldn't let them find.
After relieving himself, Tony made his way to the nearby stream to wash his face and hands. The icy water woke him up further and rinsed away any lingering foolish hope and yearning. Steve had no feelings for him, and never would. Not if the mere idea of closeness with another man, the thought of that three-piece set of his pressed against Tony, had left Steve so disgusted. That Tony would even entertain daydreams of getting his hands on it was distasteful, perverted. He shouldn't think of Steve like that.
The landscape offers no surprises; it's scenic, sure, but it stays exactly the same, hour after hour. At least the weather is equally stable. It's not as sunny as yesterday, with some clouds in the sky, but the temperature is mild enough that the cold stays at bay as long as Tony keeps moving. Unfortunately, he needs to take regular breaks to get off his feet. He can feel the inflamed skin of his soles with each step. He still has a constant background headache, too, which he thinks is mostly because he's so damn hungry.
At the last minute, he tried to call Pepper, but she didn't pick up. He wasn't too surprised. Instead, he was relieved. He wasn't sure what he would've said, anyway. Pepper had Happy now, and they were happily matched; confessing those feelings Tony had never told her about as his last words wouldn't make anyone feel better about anything.
Despite Bucky keeping his distance and carefully not showing any empathy, Stark still occasionally tried to strike up a conversation. This time it was when they were on the way back towards the cells at the end of the day.
"I'm going to suggest something," Steve said, acting on a spur of the moment thought that might be a bad idea, or a very good one.
He doesn't want Yinsen here. He feels awkward enough about this without someone watching over his shoulder.
"It's just that I," Tony began, then shook his head where it rested. "I keep thinking, this is so perfect. This is too perfect. I keep expecting I'll wake up. Alone. Back in..." he trailed off, like completing the thought aloud would be too painful.
He'd been thinking about this even before he'd been captured, occasionally, but it had seemed like it would complicate things too much. He'd been too worried that the Dinotopians might shun him entirely if he told them that he was Iron Man, let alone involved himself in the conflict with the North. With everything that had happened, things had fallen into a new perspective.
Tony nodded. "Yes, there are, but any interesting artifacts in them were pillaged ages ago, since they're close to the North and a lot easier to reach than the caves. Besides, I've visited them before. I'm not going to ask the caravan to make the detour just to refresh my memory."
If Ultron and Tony wouldn't let him go where he wanted to, he was going to have to get creative and make his own way.
Tony led Steve to a narrow flight of stairs in one corner of the bar. They climbed up three floors; there didn't seem to be an elevator, and there was definitely no bellhop around to help with luggage, either. Of course, in all fairness, the place called itself an inn, and not a hotel. It was exactly the kind of dive where Steve would've expected to meet those thugs he'd interrogated earlier. It didn't seem like the safest possible pick for Tony, but since those mobsters knew who Tony really was, maybe he thought they'd rather go look for him in some luxurious suite than in a sleazy joint like this.
Steve looked at the pier next to him. The platform wasn't very high above them, but there were no stairs or ladders leading up anywhere nearby. He couldn't abandon Maya in the frigid water.
"Probably a good idea. It'll be more difficult to go on a field trip if you're stuck behind bars," Tony says.
The resistance members who were better informed always said that Stark was devious and corrupt, valuing the lives of dinosaurs over his fellow humans. If that was true, Stark wouldn't show Bucky any mercy if their roles were reversed.
"I thought, maybe the Kingpin—but it was you all along. You sent him to spy on me!" The icy rage in Tony's eyes was something far more personal and piercing than that red glow Steve had witnessed on the pier. "Well, I did think he was too good to be the real deal. I can't believe Captain America would resort to something like that. He was really, really good, I have to say. I've no idea how you managed to recruit him."
Steve gaped at her, trying to understand what was going on. "Are you Tony Stark's assistant? Or someone else in an identical frame?"
"We're going to sort this out," Steve said, trying to sound as encouraging as he could, hoping his confidence could somehow counter the despair he heard in Tony's voice. "We're all in this together. We can do it."
Finally, when he was convinced there was nothing to be gained from spending more time at the site, he headed back towards the police headquarters to check with Bucky. That visit was short: there was no news. At least it seemed like their mysterious burning man hadn't set anything else on fire today. Steve thanked Bucky for his good work once again, and told him to head home whenever he felt like it. It was around five in the afternoon already, and he didn't expect Bucky to sit by the radio around the clock.
He raised his head to glance at Tony, and saw that he wasn't sleeping either. He seemed just as lost in contemplation as Steve had been, staring into the distance, past the wall of bones illuminated by the beam of his headlamp.
Tony didn't look entirely convinced, his face very serious. "If I'm ever in a position to do so, I'll fix this for you. Put you in whatever frame you want."
The corners of Fury's lips curled into the slightest of smiles. "Well, tell you the truth, Captain, you're not alone in that. Sometimes, it turns out we don't understand the universe quite as well as we assumed."
Tony waved a hand at the trio, but walked straight past them. "No murders before coffee," he announced. "There's something resembling breakfast, too, if you want it, Steve."
Heedful of the cuts and bruises, Steve ran a hand up Tony's back to comb his fingers soothingly through his hair. "I'm right here," he said. "Will you come with me? Back to the real world?"
There was a shuffling sound in the opposite corner of the room, and Pearly-eye called out to Tony. "What's going on?"
"Excellent," Randall announced, finally having reached the end of his routine. "You pass with flying colors. I'm ready to declare you fit to face the world."
"Absolutely, but don't you want to give it a little longer?" Steve returned. It had only been a few minutes; he was surprised Tony was suggesting another round already. Steve wasn't feeling the after-effects of that heated blowjob anymore, so he could go again right away. Thanks to how the serum had changed him, he never needed to wait very long. He'd yet to meet a man who could keep up with him.
"Sorry to interrupt your meal, but the Mayor asked for us to take Stark to the Vault," Bucky told him.
Steve had been rescued from Tony by Tony's friends. He tried to wrap his mind around that. It didn't make any sense, especially not when he could barely think at all. His head still ached fiercely, the movements of the car weren't helping with the queasiness, and he realized he was trembling all over. He allowed himself to slump against the seat, eyes closed, the heel of one hand pressed against his forehead. He was only half following the conversation going on around him.
Steve stormed out of the elevator and studied the landing around him. In every tower there were stairs as well as elevators, a remnant of earlier times and worse fire safety. He located the door easily and reached for the handle. It didn't budge; the door was locked.
No kiss Steve had ever had before could've prepared him for this; every ridiculous romantic fairytale about soulmates and their special connection suddenly felt realistic. It wasn't just that they were kissing and it felt good and right, like finally arriving somewhere he'd been trying to reach all his life, it was also that the excitement that had built up between them was amplified and reflected, reaching a new peak. There were no layers to their feelings anymore, just one overwhelming thrill that they were really here, together, when neither of them had believed it would ever happen.
"So, I know we've got the next session scheduled for Thursday, but I might have to take a rain check," he said, casually, after they'd wrapped up and moved to the kitchen for refreshments.
With the image of that smile lingering in his mind, Tony has to admit to himself that he just might actually look forward to seeing Steve again, after all.
"Show-off," Tony commented, shifting to a more comfortable position, his side on the cushions, his head on Steve's chest, one arm flung over Steve's front.
"Of sorts," Tony added from the side. Steve glanced at him, and saw that he'd sat down in a desk chair. His shoulders were hunched, his expression haunted, and he was rubbing at his chest as if it pained him. It was really strange, seeing that particular body looking so frail, when Steve had always thought Tony would never stay in a clone till old age.
"That must've been scary," Steve said. He shifted position, settling lower against Tony's shoulder, holding on to the blanket so that it wouldn't slip away. "Tell me another one."
"I can't believe you'd do that," Steve says firmly. "How did you even—he would've defended himself. Did you ask him for the parts?"
Steve looked her up from the crowd. She was maybe five years old, and smartly dressed, with her hair in carefully arranged curls. He guessed she must've been outside when the fire started.
Now that he wasn't in the same room with Tony anymore, he found himself considering what other people might think if they knew what had happened. That made it all too clear to him how utterly wrong it had been, from start to finish.
Steve was definitely starting to feel the intensity of the scene, with Tony's gorgeous new frame right in front of him, waiting to be touched. He felt his cock straining against his pants, but he could wait.
Still, Steve didn't talk. He knew this wasn't real. He repeated it to himself like a mantra. His frame was intact. It would be under extreme stress, but he knew it could take that. Everything would be better in the real world.
He hisses out an angry breath and promises himself that he won't think about Tony today. He needs to focus on his own survival instead of obsessing about someone who doesn't want anything to do with him.
Tony hits the ground heavily and clumsily by Steve's side, snow flying up around him and falling down from the trees shaken by the impact. Sam lands with more care, folding his wings.
Stark sat down on the floor in what looked like a half-controlled slump, leaning his back against the nearest wall. "You should rather be asking yourself what reasons your friends here have given you," he noted, his eyes still fixed on Bucky.
Damn it. Steve had abandoned his street-bought bomber jacket, but he'd completely forgotten about the cut from the bar fight. He was too used to pushing minor injuries to the background; this was barely enough to register at all. Now it was too late to do anything about it.
He tried to remind himself that Stark had brought this on himself by abandoning his fellow humans to serve the lizard oppressors. Bucky hadn't shown any compassion towards Nazis during the war, and this was no different. Stark wasn't just an enemy soldier, he was an evil collaborator. He didn't deserve sympathy.
Bucky put down the bag and the sandwich, as eager to help as always. "Sure. Give me a minute, I'll call the local station."
Steve pulls up a chair and sits down next to Tony's bed. "I think that's the hard part done, then. Agreeing that we want to fix things."
When they finally let go, Tony's smile looked more confident, and his cheeks were slightly flushed. "Hi," he said, almost like a chuckle.
"I've got good news and bad news," Bucky told Steve when he reached the temporary office. Although the room seemed peaceful, with the police radio currently quiet and an open book on the table in front of Bucky, he looked much more serious than yesterday.
"I suppose she's Mr. Stark's lady?" Steve asked Jarvis once she was out of sight, feeling ever so slightly disappointed, even if he wasn't surprised. Of course Tony would have someone. Possibly even multiple someones, depending on the day, if his reputation was anything to go by.
"He must've been seriously damaged to be that way. SR100 is one of the sturdiest models CyberLife has ever made," Steve declares, with a touch of pride in his voice.
"You're really here," Tony said, sounding choked. He took a step forwards, one hand on the wall as if he was afraid he might fall down.
"I don't know, seventy-ish?" Steve guessed. He wasn't used to estimating the ages of older frames, since you didn't see them very often.
He absently wonders how Steve is doing, and whether he's as miserable as Tony is. Probably not. He's probably slept like a log, used to the wilderness as he is, and caught a dozen fish with his bare hands. He'd probably laugh at Tony if he saw him right now, frowning at the placid surface of the lake in front of him like it's a complex engineering problem, hoping against hope that the local wildlife will be dumb enough to swallow the bait.
"Steve! I'd rather say I owe you another, for standing you up last night," Tony said regretfully. "I had every intention to come back later, but there was a kind of an emergency, and I couldn't."
There are footsteps at the far end of the room, and for a brief moment, hope flashes through Tony's mind. Steve. Steve will get him out of this.
Everyone else followed suit, Steve included. The wine tasted good, though Steve was sure he couldn't appreciate the complexities of it. That was, overall, his feeling about the entire meeting: the food was tasty, but he couldn't understand why anyone would wait for ten years to get to eat these particular dishes. Of course, listening to Tony and Justin Hammer constantly snipe at one another also wasn't his idea of a good time.
Was it possible that Steve had gotten things wrong, somehow, and this really wasn't Tony, after all? Could this be some kind of lookalike? Had the real Tony Stark been left behind, buried in those temple ruins, and this was someone else?
"No. That's still out of the question. And for the record, I haven't changed my stance. This is different," Tony says firmly.
Maybe that was the truth. It still wasn't the story Steve had wanted to hear. "Okay. So, it wasn't in the Andes or the Amazon. Where did it really happen?" Even if he wouldn't get the true story, he liked listening to Tony telling these tales.
He leans forwards and covers his face with his hands, swallows, tries to catch his breath, and can't quite get there.
Once they got going again, several hours passed uneventfully. Stark stayed quiet, and whenever Bucky glanced at him, he seemed grim, without any trace of the roguish confidence he'd showed when they'd caught him. It was a testament to his strength of character, and probably also his familiarity with trekking and injuries, that he nevertheless seemed to be keeping up with the group's pace easily.
Steve had thought Tony had picked this frame for him. He hadn't been wrong, after all, even if the person he'd first taken for Tony had been someone else. Tony had wanted him to look like this, like an improved version of Steve's birth body. One that Tony would like better. More than that, Tony had involved him in this scheme, assuming without asking that he'd be fine with it.
Steve left the stall wearing a pleather bomber jacket a couple of sizes too big. In one of its pockets sat the chip that the mannequin woman swore contained the money she'd promised him: a round, plain plastic circle that looked like something out of a casino. He glanced at the street around him and at the traffic above. He'd probably spent at least ten minutes on the trade, and there was still no sign of drones. Was there a chance there was no tracker on his frame after all? That seemed too good to be true.
Steve Rogers sits a few feet away from him, focused on digging through the contents of an army green rucksack.
This wasn't an expedition that Steve had ever heard anyone mention, neither Tony himself, nor Rhodey, Pepper or Jarvis. Once again, he found himself holding his breath in anticipation. He half worried Tony would realize he wasn't asleep and stop talking, but he went on.
"If you'd actually told me what was going on, it would've gone differently," Steve pointed out, casting a glance at Pepper.
"Anyway, we were making good progress, heading deep into unexplored jungle. It was hard going; often it felt like we weren't as much hiking as digging a green tunnel. Rhodey was having the time of his life, though, with all the plant and animal life we encountered. A lot of the species were entirely unknown to science."
Steve kept the blaster trained on Barton, but quickly drew his other gun to point it at Natalie, turning his eyes towards her, confused. "You're not?"
If this was true, and if Steve was out there, somewhere, then Bucky needed to get to him and help him. And even if he wasn't, if he was truly dead and gone, Bucky knew what Steve would do in his situation. He would stand with the resistance against these reptilian oppressors.
For a moment, he focused on what he was doing, spraying the wound on Rhodey's scalp with synthetic skin. He thought wistfully of the contents of his first aid cabinet in the Tower, which would've let him regrow the skin as if there had been no injury in the first place. For now, this would have to do.
Steve can already feel the chill radiating from the ground he's sitting on. He should get back to the hut, and back to civilization—and he needs to take Tony back as well, and let everyone know of his fate.
He slipped his arms through the shoulder straps, leaned against the seat and kicked at the door next to him with both boots, using all the strength his frame had to spare. The door creaked, but didn't break.
The sound of a door creaking open pulled Tony out of the daydream. It took his sluggish brain a while to remember where he was and what was happening. The source of the noise had been one of the so-far anonymous guards bringing Seren her meager meal.
"It did, but it came with far too high a price. It's ironic, more so than you could possibly imagine." Tony still wasn't facing Steve, that distant look on his face again, as if he were a million miles away. "See, I spent years of my life looking for something exactly like this. Some kind of magic that could fix my heart." He touched his chest, running his fingers lightly over the left side of it. Steve wasn't sure if it was for emphasis, or just a subconscious gesture.
Natasha and Clint didn't take Steve to the high-level Manhattan police station he was familiar with, but a much smaller and shabbier one on the 25th floor, far from Midtown. He saw only a handful of officers in the rooms they passed. The windowless office at the end of their walk was recognizable as belonging to the commanding officer only because of the little holo plaque announcing it, and the imposingly large desk that filled most of the room.
James crossed his arms, flesh and metal, and averted his gaze, like he couldn't bear to face Tony. "How's that supposed to help?"
Pepper took a gulp of her coffee, the anxious look still lingering on her face when she answered, "If he's not responsible for them, then there's a good chance he's the target, and I'd bet he's trying to figure out who's after him and why."
“I can get there myself, thanks,” Tony grumbled. He tried to shift away from Steve, but that was clearly the last straw, breaking his façade so that he groaned aloud, his face twisted into a grimace, and his hand went to his injured ribs. “Ow. Okay. Fine. You win.”
He half expected Sam to laugh at that, but he just looked thoroughly puzzled. "Huh. And you believe him?"
"Good," Steve said. It was a start, at least. "Now that we're here, Sam and I can start gathering supplies for the trip."
He set Tony down on the bed, pushing him flat on his back on the thin mattress, and quickly got rid of Tony's briefs. Freed of them, Tony's cock stood up against his stomach, uncut, smooth, as gorgeous as the rest of him. Steve sat between his legs and ran his fingers over it, exploring. It was like touching something that'd been soaking up sunlight all day, almost hot enough to make him reflexively pull back his hand. Steve supposed his fingers would feel cool to Tony. Tony certainly felt the touch, shivering at it and bucking his hips, trying to thrust against Steve's hand.
That wasn't what Steve had heard. They could be saying that to give him an additional incentive. "The files Tony has access to suggest that he's on the run," he said.
"We'll probably want steeds as well, because that'd make us a lot faster than traveling on foot," Rhodey spoke up. "I've started looking into it, but it's tricky. I'd rather not ask dinosaurs to take such a huge personal risk for someone they don't know, but there aren't many other options. I know there are herds of
"That's awfully rude of him," Steve said. "If I find out anything at all, you can trust me to tell you."
He knows there's a building somewhere out here, although he doesn't know which way it lies anymore. Nothing he can do about that. He just has to keep going and hope for the best.
Steve's mouth fell open in shock. He'd been surprised to see Rhodey, but somehow, this struck even deeper.
Steve reciprocated by putting his hand on Tony's shoulder. Feeling the sharp outlines of bones under the sleeve of his shirt, Steve couldn't help but think of what Tony had said earlier, that he didn't have much time left in this body. Steve had lost so many people already. Now that he'd finally found Tony, he couldn't lose him, too.
"I swear I'm not," Steve said truthfully. "And I also don't feel sleepy at all anymore. Maybe you could tell me another story?"
Tony got up and walked over to the phone again. Steve took this as his chance to use the bathroom. Before he closed the door, he heard the beginning of Tony's call, apparently to the receptionist: "I realize you don't have a proper kitchen, let alone room service, but how much would I need to pay you to convince you to get me some breakfast?"
If Steve's memory served, that would put the suggested meeting place in Red Hook, close to the location of that earlier fire. It was more than a little dubious, especially when she put it like that, a fixed time and a fixed place, not a suggestion.
"Afternoon, Mr. Stark," Pepper greets him as she spots him. "I've been catching up with Steve, here."
Steve's mouth falls shut. His LED is stuck on red, and the anger in his eyes is downright scary in its intensity. If looks could kill, Obie would be dead ten times over.
Tony let out a dry chuckle. "I guess you're right about that. I've spent my whole life telling people that I can manage when they're worried that I can't, so it's become second nature."
Steve recognized that he was so insistent on at least telling the truth about the Fountain because he had agreed not to tell the police about Tony.
A few stops on the subway and ten minutes of brisk walking brought him to his first target. It was easy to find: the name of the place, Lorenzo's, was written on the marquis in big red letters. It looked like a dozen other Italian restaurants Steve had visited, with nothing particularly dubious about it. Actually, the aroma of garlic that wafted to the street when someone exited was delicious, and reminded Steve of how hungry he was.
Steve presses his forehead against his knees. Tony won't be thinking about him, he tells himself. Or if he is, it's just to wish that Steve is feeling miserable.
"And I've told you I wouldn't mind," Tony reminded him. "I didn't mean you should invite her to join the two of us, you've made it clear that's not in the cards. Alas!" He sighed dramatically.
The transport stopped to hover above the roof of the facility and the team rappelled down. Their plan was very simple: Steve's Commandos would go in from the top, while Rumlow's would force their way through the front door. Together, they'd clear the building as swiftly as they could, eliminating all the resistance they came across. Non-permanent kills preferred, but no repercussions for accidental node damage.
That sounded about right; he was too hot and too cold at the same time, panting and still light-headed from lack of oxygen, his heart pounding like he'd run a mile although he'd just woken up from a nap—he knew he was sick and it was probably bad, but he couldn't stop now. He had to suffer through this. For Steve.
He was trying to decide between returning to camp before it got too dark, and sitting on this rock through the night just to be sure he didn't miss her, when he caught sight of movement in the waning light. His heart leaped.
According to Ultron, there were no traces of tampering on the recording. There had been no one else in the room at the time, with all the cubicles empty. A few minutes after Tony had collapsed to the floor in a pool of blood, Natalie showed up. When she did, her expression was openly shocked. In contrast to that, her quick response to the situation seemed professional to the point that Steve could've almost called it suspicious, but then again, perhaps it was just training and experience.
Tony moaned, his cock very hard where it pressed against Steve's thigh. "Ahh, okay, wow, yeah, that's good. Careful there, or this is over really fast!"
"I'm not leaving without Tony," Steve declared. "If anyone else wants to, you should go now, while it's still easy."
"Let me show you," Steve says. He holds out his hand, skin retracted, and slowly, almost reverently, brings it to cover the thirium reactor.
"We're on our way," Rumlow answered. Nothing on their status, or how long they might take to reach the roof.
Steve and the others had discussed the option of going public with his recording of Stane's near-confession. So far, they'd decided against that, since it was the best leverage they had left for any unofficial negotiations with SHIELD.
Before he actually met Steve and Tony, Sam didn't really understand how people sometimes got invested in others' relationships, but now, after seeing his two greatest idols in love, he thinks he gets it. Still, Tony's reaction seems somewhat disproportionate. It's not the first time they've lost track of someone, and it's Steve. It's Captain America. Sam knows Steve can survive just about anything, with his tactical smarts and his super soldier physique. So, it baffles him that Tony is so badly affected by this. It's almost like there's some piece of information Sam's missing.
She looks unconvinced, and declines at first when Tony explains that he needs help replenishing the thirium reserve and can't handle the finicky valve himself. He manages to talk her into it eventually, because she's a good, kind person. Not like Tony.
Stark reached out for a cog in his assembly of parts, flicked aside a peg that had been holding it in place, and leaned back again. "Done."
They took off with Steve at the controls, Tony right behind him, arms around his waist. Once they'd cleared the garage, Steve dipped the nose of his bike into a steeply descending trajectory, dropping from the high levels occupied by SHIELD HQ towards his apartment on the 55th floor of a large residential complex.
Steve tried to ask where they were going, which came out as a "where?" that sounded more like a groan.
The line went quiet, and Steve waited with bated breath. This almost felt too easy and too good to be true—so, of course, it got more complicated right away.
"He was able to get you pardoned for an early release. Your original sentence was for one hundred years," Miss Potts explained. "Since your birth body had been disposed of, he commissioned this new frame for you instead."
Pepper rummaged through the duffel bag and came up with a pair of rubber boots and an oilskin coat, which she handed to Steve. "We can't take the direct route because because the streets are being watched, so we've still got around half a kilometer to cover," she explained. "Do you think you can walk?"
"I think this counts as an emergency. They'll manage a few weeks without me," Sam replied, casting a glance at Eliana.
Tony thinks that's petty, but whatever—if he leaves a suit within a reasonable distance, he'll be able to call it in at any time, if he needs to. He can live with that. He's pretty sure Steve expects him to do something like that, anyway.
The cliffs surrounding them blocked most of the sun. Steve looked around frantically until he spotted a gap in them where the precious rays of light painted a brighter spot on the ground. That was where he took Tony and set him down gently. Not wanting to waste any further time, he tore Tony's shirt apart with his bare hands. The sunstone had been a closely kept secret, but right now, whether anyone noticed it or not was the last thing on Steve's mind.
Was it just Tony, or was it starting to feel warm in here? Or was that just the fact that Steve was standing so near that Tony could feel his heated breaths?
"Yes, we noticed that." Natasha gave him a brief smile that faded as soon as she went on. "I meant what I said earlier, Steve. We won't tell you what to do. If you want to walk away from all this, you can. We'll give you what information we have on your surviving teammates to help you get started."
"Can you take Sam and set up a lookout, just to be sure?" Steve asked Natasha as the procession came to a halt around them.
Steve glanced at the damaged bit of the VR assembly again. It didn't look like much. He wasn't sure if they could trust Ultron in this—although, on the other hand, maybe they should be glad Ultron hadn't just complied with the order and shut everything down, and that Stane had gone for the quick solution of pulling a gun instead of pulling the virtual plug.
“That was the slime. It had inhibition-lowering and libido-enhancing properties,” Steve quoted, offering the tablet with Bruce’s results to Tony.
"If there's a shred of decency left in you, a remnant of a conscience, you'll atone for everything you've done by helping us in the fight," the Mayor continued. "What you see in this room are the tools that could make all the difference in it. I need to you to fix them. Make them work so we can use them."
The bed-of-sorts turned out to be a pile of old mattresses and pillows in a smaller room adjacent to the workshop. Steve was fine with that; at least it bore no resemblance whatsoever to his bedroom in Stark Tower. He shrugged off his coat, took off his boots and sat down on the makeshift bed, his back against the wall, truly glad to be off his feet. He was grateful of the blankets that he was offered as well, pulling one to cover his legs, but for now, he left the heavy-duty painkillers that Rhodey offered him on a pillow next to him. A part of him wanted nothing more than to curl up, close his eyes and pass out, but he knew he couldn't rest until he understood what was going on.
"Well, you know, there are things that I usually do that he could take care of. Making coffee, taking out the trash, sorting out the dry cleaning. Basic chores," Pepper lists.
Steve crossed his arms. "I'm not fighting for some fairytale perfect match that I've got a one in a million chance of meeting."
For a passing second, he considered if he might've been mistaken, and that this was, in fact, not Tony, but some unlikely lookalike, but he couldn't bring himself to believe that. He was certain he'd seen this very same face yesterday, covered in soot, in the middle of that burned ruin not too far from here. It was definitely, unmistakably Tony, down to the crinkles at the corners of his eyes when he smiled. His voice was exactly right, too. Steve couldn't believe any doppelganger could catch it that perfectly.
Pepper huffed, shaking her head. "I'm going to give him a call to remind him, and get to work anyway. I'll be in the study." She headed off in quick, sharp steps.
"What model are you, anyway?" he asks. It's the least sexy thing he can think of: the question that's been eating at him for so long; the centerpiece of his guilt.
Maybe there had been some truth to Seren's platitudes after all: the renewed hope from finding out that James was none other than Steve's dear friend Bucky was like a shot of adrenaline to keep Tony's exhausted heart going that little bit longer.
Bucky let out a sigh, his shoulders sagging. He didn't feel like he deserved this, but Steve's forgiveness was still a huge relief. "Thank you."
Obie steps closer, crowding his personal space. "You're friends with him, right? We should make use of that. Maybe you're right, maybe we should start looking into expanding beyond the defense industry. This could be the start of a beautiful partnership."
"He's probably told Hydra that I'm dead, and doesn't want them to realize that I'm not, because that would make him look very bad. He messed up by letting me slip through his fingers," Tony added.
He cups Tony's face between both hands and bows to kiss him on the forehead. Of course, Tony is still deeply unconscious and entirely unresponsive—if he weren't, Steve would never hear the end of it.
Tony works like a man possessed, first from the pilot's seat, and then, with those options exhausted, from inside the AIM compound they’ve cleared earlier, digging through the surveillance data for any clues and trying to adjust the available tech for the search. All the others try to help to the best of their abilities: Natasha offering local knowledge and a calming influence; Clint trying to lighten the mood with wisecracks that Tony fails to return; Thor and Hulk patrolling the surroundings to make sure there are no enemies lurking. Sam stays close to Tony, assisting him in the engineering and coding. At one point, he catches Tony's hands shaking so badly he drops a wrench. Later, he's shocked to actually pick up a few mistakes that Tony makes while trying to write a search algorithm into AIM's system.
Steve thought of the two pretty redheads. So far, he didn't know much about them, except that Pepper had seemed more sincere than Natalie, who'd given an impression of professional impersonality. "You don't trust your assistants?"
"We can't get through," Sam told Steve, his hushed voice full of frustration. "We think the gates can only be opened from the inside."
"It's cold out here," Tony said, and brought his other hand between them. His eyes closed for a brief moment, a look of intense concentration on his face, and when he opened them again, flames sprung up on his palm, like a tiny campfire. "Let's go inside. I'll warm you up."
It was as close to a confession as anything, and Steve still couldn't bring himself to accept it. He tried to tell himself that he was talking to an arsonist and a murderer and that he shouldn't be feeling sympathetic, but he couldn't help it.
"It helps that you're here, so that whatever happens, I won't have to face it on my own," Tony said. He was truly sorry that she'd have to witness his last breaths, because he knew the memory wouldn't be an easy one to live with. He didn't mention it aloud. The reminder wouldn't make her any happier.
Steve has eaten half of the soup. He's tempted to finish it, but resists, so that he has some left to offer to Tony, in case he shows up. He doesn't have a watch, but he thinks he must have been waiting for several hours already. He's added more logs to the stove a few times, and his uniform is mostly dry by now.
Iron Man's other hand, the one that had still been higher up, teasing Steve's nipple, let go now, and to Steve's surprise, took hold of Steve's right hand to bring that to his cock as well.
"You should reconsider," she said. "Do what they ask. There's only so long you can hold out like this."
"I'd call that good," Steve said. At least that ruled out one type of trouble Tony could've been in. He'd feared there might've been another warehouse fire.
"I don't know what he's up to, but I'm sure it's not good," Rhodes went on. "He's been having a hard time dealing with all this. No matter what he says, the soulmate stuff actually means a lot to him. So. You're really not my favorite person and I know you don't give a damn about what happens to Tony, but you—"
"There's a huge rock formation that looks like a trident. It's visible from a distance, you won't miss it. Set a watch close to its foot, and I'll meet you there," Natasha promised.
On the first night, Steve napped in his chair. The second night, he gave in and retreated to crash at the safehouse the NYPD had provided for him, but only for a few hours. They were also paying him a minimal daily allowance so he could get by, since the bank account Stane had set up for him was frozen for investigative reasons. Overall, Steve's legal position was just as precarious as Tony's, since he had broken his parole in a spectacular fashion. He hadn't really considered the consequences to himself when he'd made his decision to help Tony.
"It's fine, Steve," Tony assured him, keeping it as neutral as he could past the lump in his throat. "Like I said, it didn't mean a thing. Happens to all of us. Let's just forget about it, eh?"
Steve felt Bucky's eyes on him, and he realized Bucky was probably having his own mental struggle, trying to decide if he should be tactful, stay quiet and leave Steve to it, or give in to his curiosity and ask for more details. Steve had just contacted him this morning. So far, he hadn't told Bucky much beyond the fact that there'd been another fire, and that after seeing it, Steve could confirm Tony had caused this one as well as all the other fires.
With Tony gone, Steve returned to what he'd originally meant to do: he tried to ask around and find out what he could about the mobster who'd been caught in the fire at Maya Hansen's apartment. Even though the circumstances were more favorable at the bar than they'd been at Lorenzo's, the end result wasn't much better. He did meet a few people who admitted that they knew Simon, but when Steve couldn't specify why he was asking, they fell quiet. Neither bribery nor attempts at elaborate backstories got him anywhere.
"No. Just demonstrations and training exercises for CyberLife," Steve replies. Tony doesn't miss that for the briefest passing moment before he speaks, Steve's LED blinks yellow, again giving the impression that there's something about his past he's unwilling to talk about. Deep down, Tony's selfishly glad that Steve's got such an obvious tell; it's only fair when he's got those extra accurate senses helping him read the people around him.
He had been looking for something non-violent and constructive for his company to do. What could be less violent than bringing lovers together? As much as he still hated the whole soulmate concept, he couldn't deny that it was a brilliant idea. Besides, even if it didn't turn out the way they expected, they could just stick to biomedical research. Not a bad direction to go, either.
He bided his time, waiting for a suitable moment. He got one sooner than he'd been expecting: the procession stopped to puzzle out how to get around a thick tree trunk that had fallen down to block their path. As soon as he saw that his guardian's eyes weren't on him, he took off, dashing into the thick undergrowth around them.
"It's a prototype. Not approved," Tony explains, keeping it simple, because his lips and tongue still don't feel quite right. "Temporary, though. Will be fine."
The assault came around halfway through their crossing, without any warning. Tony was walking close to the front of the caravan, following the pair of ankylosaurs leading the way, when suddenly, there was a loud bang very close to them. Tony's instant reaction was to duck, hugging the muddy ground to take cover from the supposed fire.
Tony started bobbing his head back and forth, and Steve held on to his hair, careful not to pull too hard. He knew his strength, and he didn't want to hurt Tony, either. Every now and then, Tony stopped to lick and suck at the tip of Steve's cock, creating a contrast between the cooler air on the shaft that he wasn't touching and that point of heat at the tip.
If he dies in this godforsaken cave somewhere in the Altai mountains, his only legacy will be death and destruction. If he lives and makes it out, then maybe, just maybe, he can do some good to counteract it all.
Paradoxically, while Steve had every reason to feel anxious in this situation, he felt less so now that he knew he was very close to getting what he needed. "He may be penniless, but at least he's not alone. Doesn't it ever bother you that everyone around you is there just because you pay them, all of them thinking you're actually someone else? Your whole life is a lie, Stane."
Of course, because everything about this damn situation sucks, it turns out there's nothing worth mentioning in the next valley. Rocks and grass. A few birds. No hut.
To see if his money was worth anything, he stopped by a food stall, where he successfully bought a burger that had no flavor except for chili, and a texture closer to bubble gum than quality mycoprotein. It was nostalgic: this was the kind of thing that he'd grown up on. Thinking of that, he realized that although this street was busier than most he'd passed so far, he could only see adults. There wasn't a single child or teenager in sight. Not that he'd seen that many on the higher levels either, but he hadn't spent much time in places where he would expect them. The streets were a different matter. Maybe parents thought the streets were too dangerous these days, and the NYPD or SHIELD had locked away all the street kids.
The more Steve considered this, the more it seemed like a good fit. The change in location wasn't really a downside. New York was too familiar. It felt like he couldn't really move on with his life with so many reminders of the past all around him. He'd also be out of Tony's hair. That wasn't really what he wanted—he would've liked to spend more time with Tony, learn to know him and figure out what was going on between them—but it was obvious Tony didn't want that.
Bucky hadn't seen Stark after they'd left him locked up in his cell. He didn't have free access to the dungeon, and making up an excuse just because he was worried didn't sound like the best of ideas. He'd rather not be seen as suspicious when he was still a newcomer.
Alone, in the dark, he finally let the first tears fall, mourning a loss so deep that he didn't know if he'd ever truly get over it.
He's right, of course. They may have agreed that they should put their issues aside, but neither of them has as much as mentioned those issues by name—not Bucky, nor Tony's parents, let alone the Accords. They'll have to, sooner or later. Even if it's just to mutually agree that they'll forget about these things and never discuss them again, which would probably be a poor strategy. Steve doesn't think they can avoid those topics forever.
"And one mouthful was enough to turn that man into a fire-breathing monster," Tony spoke up again, his tone reproachful.
After a brief struggle to work his clumsy arms out of the straps, he drops the pack on the ground and feels a little lighter. He can take one more step, and a second one, and a third.
He'd not talked to Tony on the phone before. Now that he had, it'd felt like something was missing. Tony's voice had been perfectly audible, the connection flawlessly clear, and yet, it had been as if there was usually more depth to his voice, something Steve had grown used to during face-to-face conversations that had been lacking. Something beyond the lack of his vivid facial expressions and gestures.
"Well, huh. You must be as wholesome as you look, then," Tony said, with a wink. "So, this Simon you're searching for, is he a friend of yours?"
Tony coughed out a chuckle. That was the understatement of the decade. He had both feet in the grave by now. "Quite," he replied, then turned his head towards the left again. "Bucky? Free him."
Tony wants to go in his armor, but he doesn't want anyone to find out he's the one wearing it, and he has no easy way to get out of it without the gantry in his workshop. That means he has no choice but to take the jet and spend an entire day on his trip. It's a necessary evil. He knows he needs to do this.
From his perch across from the platform, Clint wouldn't be able to tell for sure if he'd destroyed Stane's node in addition to killing him. That meant more waiting. Steve wished he had more than the scattered comments to go on. A few minutes later, he got his wish.
"Elijah," Tony returns, forcing a smile. "Loving your new home. If I didn't know better, I'd think you're compensating for something, but I guess you just can't help being pretentious."
Steve swung himself over the parapet and onto the narrow walkway—and directly into the path of a guard, whose eyes went comically wide with surprise. Without losing a second, Steve sprung on her and aimed a heavy blow to her temple, stunning her so that she landed on her knees. Steve gagged her before she could utter a word of warning to anyone else nearby, and bound her arms and legs. She regained her senses soon and started to squirm in protest, but Steve had played this game before, and she wasn't getting anywhere. He found a shadowed nook in the wall where he could leave her so that she wouldn't be discovered right away.
"What? I'm not going to tell them!" Tony exclaims. He's not actually considered what he's going to do about any of this. He was convinced Steve would want to leave. If he doesn't, sending him away to be dissected is the last thing Tony would do.
He didn't mind getting hurt himself. He'd been injured in the line of duty more often than he could count, and he knew the pain was temporary. The cuts and bruises he had on his skin now would be fading by tomorrow. He kept forgetting he even had them; none were bleeding anymore, but he'd left a few stains on the tiles, and every time he saw them, they took him by surprise.
They couldn't know beforehand what position Stane's limo would be parked in on the platform, or how the limo, the drones, Stane and Natasha would line up when they stepped out. If Clint couldn't get a clear shot, they'd have to wait several hours for the second window when Stane would be done with his meeting and heading back home. If that failed as well, then they'd have to postpone the whole operation. Steve really hoped it wouldn't come to that. He knew Tony did, too.
He walked over to the two tied-up guards. One had his eyes closed, apparently still unconscious. The other glared daggers at Steve over the fabric gagging his mouth. Steve glared right back as he knelt on the ground in front of him, going for the most intimidating look he could muster. He'd been told he could be terrifying on a bad day, and that door standing between him and rescuing Tony made this one of the worst.
Tony shook his head. "No. It'd only make things worse. It's better to keep it a secret. It's not so bad, anyway," he said unconvincingly.
Bucky had only been thinking about Stark. He hadn't considered the dinosaur prisoners. He didn't understand them; the truth was, even if it was looking more and more likely that they weren't the monsters he'd assumed them to be, he still found them intimidating. "You're sure it's not going to attack me if I let it free? I've been no nicer to them than the other guards," he asked sheepishly.
The petulant look on his face shouldn’t have looked as good as it did. Not that Tony would ever admit to that opinion. “Don’t pout, Rogers, it makes you look like a child,” he said instead. “At least try to behave like an adult.”
"Yeah, except if this turns out to be some kind of a ploy. How will they even know I am who I say I am? I can't prove it. Hydra's swapped all the identifying data for Obie's. Even neural pattern scans will label him as Tony Stark. For all intents and purposes, he
"Too easy," Fury said. "They knew the Captain was an inspiration to many, and having you and everyone on your team die at once would've looked suspicious. This way, they could get rid of you and leave those who looked up to you feeling betrayed. Not to mention using the high-profile trial to distract people from everything that was taking place behind the scenes."
After last night, any self-delusion that Steve might've held about being able to stay impartial and neutral regarding Tony was gone. He liked Tony. He liked Tony a lot. It wasn't just that last night had been, hands-down, the most memorable sex Steve had had in his life, it was what he'd learned about Tony's character through that. Never mind that Tony was charismatic and shameless and adventurous, he was, first of all, considerate. He'd alway made sure Steve was enjoying things every step of the way.
The only thing he had his mind set on was that whether or not Tony believed him, he was going to stick to the truth.
Natasha pulled back her hand and crossed her arms, clearly uncomfortable with the conversation. "I probably do," she said.
He breezed through the additional safeguards set up to protect data from VIPs. These were particularly high-profile individuals whose data wouldn't be offered for research use even in anonymized form, and wouldn't be shared across companies and countries to get higher population coverage, like regular entries were. If Steve was in the database, that was where he'd be.
