The only trouble was, Steve had absolutely no idea how to fill the silence. He almost never had long-winded conversations with
“Is there anything else I can do, or…?”
“I mean before. When I was trying to set you up.”
For anyone who might be interested, I thought I would share that I've decided to continue some storylines in this verse in a series called the "Together" series. If you're interested in following along, please feel free to subscribe :).
“Um,” Steve hesitated. “I’m not entirely certain she was the Secretary of Education?”
“You know what I think is strange?” Steve asked, not expecting an answer and not fully certain where he was about to go with this tangent. “Everyone seems to think I’m having such a difficult time adjusting to the 21st century, but I don’t think it’s because they don’t think I can handle the technology or lack of a world war or new foods or any of that. The way people keep acting around me? It’s like they honestly think the
Thank you all for your feedback, support, and, of course, for reading <3!
“I, uh,” Tony started, his voice sounding strained. He ran a hand through his hair. “Sorry. For spazzing out.”
Tony chuckled and rolled the magazine up so he could brandish the paper tube easily in one hand. He wanted to find Steve. No, needed to. He’d finally gotten to the bottom of it — and without even trying! Luckily, Steve was only steps away in the living room on one of the recliners that faced the windows.
Steve wasn’t entirely sure what to make of that change, but he was going to go with it. Laughing was better than a panic attack, surely.
So... *hides behind computer screen* what do you think? Did I do them justice? I'll admit, I wasn't in love with the very last line, but it also felt right.
Steve had a hand on Tony’s shoulder, but the touch didn’t seem to be registering for him anymore. Maybe…
— Tony, the more convinced Steve was that the conversation was unwanted, at least on Tony’s part.
“Okay,” Steve took a deep breath trying to come up with something to say. He’d also been touching Tony before, but he didn’t think that was what Tony was asking for now. He steadied himself — he’d decided to rant about waste because
I know it's all a little cheesy, but... this is how it played out in my head. What do you think?
When they reached the floor Tony made a beeline for the couch and Steve followed diligently. Tony flopped down into the very center of the couch running parallel to the TV, leaving Steve with two options. One, settle in beside Tony knowing that because of his size there’d be no way to avoid crowding the other man or, two, take the couch perpendicular to the TV. He hesitated for just the slightest of seconds and Tony sighed, impatient.
Steve wasn’t entirely sure Tony was even aware that he was still in a room with Steve at this point. Tony’s eyes were distant, and not the way he would get when he was thinking too hard about something. This was obviously something else, and Steve thought he had an idea of what was happening.
is going to be what I get hung up on.”
“I mean, we could go back up there. But… I really don’t want to. It’s exhausting being surrounded by strangers. I really just want to set up on the couch and watch some Parks and Rec or something,” Steve wasn’t entirely sure how he’d gotten started on the show, but he was fairly certain it’d stemmed from a comment Tony made once. “If you want to join me.”
“I’m glad you’re in season three,” Tony murmured. “It’s when things really get great.” He turned up the volume ever so slightly and dropped the remote on the cushion to his left before promptly melting into Steve’s side.
The last part, well, Steve could only chalk that up to the anxiety incident. Because literally
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then, what?” Tony snapped.
“Just, um, keep doing what you were doing.”
“You told the
“It seemed like you needed a minute,” Steve said, hoping that was explanation enough.
Bruce: a box of Steve’s favorite teas, and a card with a promise to take Steve to Little India and show him the places to buy the types of tea he likes best.
Hello, and hello again if you're joining me for part two of this series!
So, what do you think? I struggled hardcore to get that uber-important conversation right, and I'm still not sure I got there. That's why it took so long, but I figure it would be almost impossible to do worse than Civil War so... Hopefully, you all agree lol. Let me know what you think!
“I don’t get it. I’ve never had anyone assume I have a problem with homosexuality before now. And it’s more than that. It’s like… people have this idea of me that’s the exact
"I am not intending to be a 'buzzkill' as you might say, Sir," JARVIS says, "but I don't believe it would be prudent to repay him through art with your limited resources."
"Three days."
Tony supposes there are worse ways to go. He supposes he'd rather this than turn into a zombie, stripped of his identity and reduced to a mindless cannibal.
"Holy
But Steve hates it.
Tony sat up straighter on the couch.  "I'm not aiming for rejection.  A kiss was all I needed.  Now we can avoid each other and everything will be fine."
Sharon laughs a little.  "I'd say it's the other way around, Mr. Stark," she says easily.
Rhodey just gave him a long look before he finished pouring himself a glass of milk and joined his friend at the table.  Tony wrinkled his nose.  "Milk?  Again?  I don't know how you drink that stuff."
The gala comes around and Steve asks Sharon to come with him.  She agrees eagerly, and he meets her at her apartment door at five thirty on the dot, with a golden cumberbund tucked in his chest pocket and she in a slinky, sparkling golden dress.
He settles for a, "Good morning, Tony," because he doesn't know what else to say.
"I could say the same about you and that awful black coffee you seem to inhale."  The colonel slurped up a noodle.  As Tony straightened up indignantly and began to rant about how coffee with cream and sugar wasn't really coffee, Rhodey just fondly rolled his eyes and allowed the engineer to change the subject.  They could talk about Tony's obliviousness later.  But for now, he was just here to spend a night with his best friend and catch up on things other than Steve Rogers's clear blue eyes and perfectly sculpted pecs.
"Excuse me?" Tony says, raising his eyebrows.
"I see you're fit to move around now."
"Okay," Steve says, and offers a tired smile.  "Thanks, Shellhead. G'night."
Joe Rogers used to do that a lot, Steve remembers.  He would hit Ma and then apologize, but by the next day it was the same old cycle - hit, apologize, drink and repeat, drink and repeat.
"You're an idiot," Rhodey proclaimed, throwing a hand in the air.  His other hand was preoccupied with stirring a pot filled with marinara sauce.  The two were chatting in Tony's private kitchen in the Tower, similar to the one downstairs, but without the other Avengers' access.
They try to work on it, but he finds himself looking at Tony differently than he used to in the wake of Ultron.  Tony's eyes are still beautiful, his lashes still long and his mouth still gorgeous, but. But. There is this invisible barrier blocking Steve off.  When he reaches for Tony, sometimes, he has to snatch his hand back. It is like the carefully constructed image of his lover he had in his head will shatter if he makes contact.
"How have you been doing, Steve?" Sam asks with a gentle smile, and with a sudden jolt Steve realizes that there is pity in that expression that he has never seen before on his friend's face.  He watches the way Bucky's eyes flick up, scanning him, and sees in his mind's eye how Bucky must curl up in Sam's bed on warm nights and tell his lover about how Steve seems so damn lonely and how he worries.  It leaves a bitter taste in Steve's mouth, because he's doing fine.
"Innocent until proven guilty, huh?" Clint mutters. "God bless America." He jerks his head at Tony, who's watching the exchange in confusion. "Why don't we just ask him?"
The zombie lets out an inhuman moan and lurches forward, swinging a fist. Tony ducks, landing an uppercut in his opponent's gut. He sweeps his leg out in a kick that sends the zombie flat onto his back and stumbles over to his bag, grabbing it by the straps.
He begins to wonder, secretly, if Tony is cheating on him.  He begins to wonder, secretly, how long Tony has been drinking under his nose.  He begins to wonder, secretly, if Tony even loves him.
Ever since Thanos was vanquished, the level of crime has gone down significantly all around the world.  Enough that Steve now finds himself wishing there were still villains to fight every week, that he and Natasha and Clint and everyone else got the call to Assemble and meet up, no questions asked, to save the day.  He misses those two more than he'd ever care to admit - Natasha, who still likes to stay quite under the radar although he knows she lives in and out of Clint's.  And Clint himself, who retired (again) directly after the war with Thanos and went straight into Laura Barton's arms.  And he misses Bruce, who - from what he's heard - still lives in Stark Tower, and occasionally travels to India, and meets up with Natasha sometimes.  And, well, he misses Thor too.  Thor, who is the only one who understands what it is like to age slowly.  Even Steve has gotten older, one more crease between his brows than there used to be, but Thor still looks the same with that ancient blue gaze set in a youthful face.  Thor has no one, anymore, not even his weird sometimes-villainous brother or his people, and Steve wonders how he is.  He doesn't think anyone knows how he is.
Fifteen years ago, Tony's hair was dark brown instead of grey.
Rhodes snickers quietly. Tony instantly likes him more – Rhodes might be laughing
Tony glances over. Wow, is this guy ever a walking, talking cliche – but he's surprised to find he kind of likes it. It's almost refreshing, that intense, honest personality. Not that Tony
"Thanks, Tony," Steve says in surprise, taking it.  He offers Tony a smile. "I'd be happy to attend."
In his bag he's got: a canteen full of water, several packs of junk food, a flashlight without batteries, a watch, a toolbox, a lighter, a creased map, Post-its, writing tools, toiletries, and several weapons. He has two guns, both switched to safety because he'd rather not shoot himself in the leg; a couple grenades, which he'd wired together using the electrical supply system at a Walmart; a knife, but he's only used it for eating thus far; and several rounds of ammunition.
more like.  "Doing what?  Making another murder bot?"
Tony snorts. "I'm not really invested in thermonuclear dynamics either. But I pay attention when genius pops up in the scientific community."
His head spins, and his vision blackens so much that he has to lay back down. Great… So this is how he is going to die. Alone, in the middle of a destroyed Rite Aid, surrounded by bodies.
"It won't happen again," Tony whispers.  "I - I slipped, was an accident. I've been doing well.  I just - I don' know what came over me."
"Is everyone else...okay?" he whispers, just as a nurse comes bustling into the room and fussing around his bed.  He slumps back onto the pillows as she raises the bed up a little more, letting her do as she pleases.
As promised, Steve returns to the penthouse promptly after his run and showers, toweling his hair off and changing into some comfy clothing before coming over to the bed.  It's almost nine am, and still early, so it doesn't surprise him to see that Tony's gone to sleep again.
"And you have traveled on foot since then?"
He manages to roll to the side right as the zombie coughs its diseased blood all over where he'd just been. Red spatters the tiles and it makes a desperate keening noise as its hands tremble around the grip of the knife in its body. As it arches in pain, baring its neck, Tony spots the discolored bite in the ruined meat of its shoulder. He quells the chill that runs up his spine at the sight of it.
Tony forces himself to return to his meal, something sick settling low in his gut. It's not
pay you back sometime." He offers a cheery grin.
"Okay," Tony mutters, low and ashamed.  Steve uncurls his fists and realizes his hands are shaking.  "Uh - Fri. C'n you - "
of all things –
and he coughs roughly, gagging on bile. He looks around blearily, not really registering anything before realizing with a start that he doesn't know where he is.
"It's just -
Tony yelled at the ceiling, red-faced and flustered,
Pulling out the canteen eagerly – he hadn't realized how thirsty he is up until this moment – he twists off the cap and takes several long swallows. Instantly, his head feels more clear and his body feels stronger.
It's been sixteen years since Thanos came and tried to kill off half the universe, and fifteen since the Avengers and the magician people and these weird aliens from outer space came together to save the galaxy once and for all.  And, you know, they did it.  People died, as people do, but all in all everyone Steve loved from this century got through it.  And thank God for that, because he's sick and tired of losing people he loves.
"Hey, you've read them," Tony says delightedly, studying Bruce more closely. The guy is so reserved-looking that Tony hadn't spared much thought to him, at first. But now, looking at the curly dark hair – the intelligent brown eyes and square jaw – the realization hits. "Wait a second. You're Bruce
"Oh," Tony breathed, and Steve tugged him forward to kiss him again.
"I'm glad," Steve says seriously, "because I don't tolerate bullies."
Tony is talking about the one from last week with the strange spaghetti-resembling sea creatures.
"Malibu," Tony replies. "Southern California."
It's not a quick separation - like a, a breakup or anything, God forbid.  No, it's slow and easy to miss if you blink. Hazy, from one snapshot to the next.
Steve gets to see that little boy, sometimes.  In bed, when they are making love and Tony is eager to please but withdrawn when it comes to his own needs.  In the workshop, when he's scribbling equations and inventing things beyond Steve's comprehension and tries to toss the schematics, ranting about how useless they are.  In their relationship, when Tony buys him things he doesn't need or want, because Tony thinks the only thing he has to give is everything but himself.
"I'm serious," Rhodey continued.  "Everyone sees it but you, with that mountain of insecurities you've got going there, but every time you're in the room Steve's smile grows 100 kilowatts more bright and a lot more nervous."  He pushed Tony gently over to the table and sat him down in front of a steaming bowl of spaghetti.  "Maybe you should tell Steve that it was more than just a kiss for you."
"Good morning," he says brightly, hoping that it is actually morning. Sunlight filters into the building, but it could be anywhere from between late dawn and early afternoon.
dipshit," Tony says.
"My name is Natasha," the redhead – Natasha – says. The chill in her gaze hasn't disappeared, and Tony feels a little bit like shrinking under the scrutiny. "You're in a safehouse. And I didn't save you."
"Yeah, Iron Man," he says and waves to a passing Miss Potts as he pulls Sharon to his side.  She smiles up at him, glowing.  "My teammate."
His vision whites out for a second and he stumbles to his knees. He doesn't even remember falling, only that one moment he's looking the zombie right in its ugly face and the next, he's on the ground.
he thinks drowsily, and there's a metallic whine and something heavy clunking over to him, the sound of knives flinting together, hands over his body and lowering him to the ground and a male voice saying,
Tony makes a noise of approval.  "Come here," he says impatiently, motioning at Steve.  "Didn't really eat anything today besides, like, coffee."
It makes him sad.  To see someone so brilliant and funny and genuine and
taken hundreds of photos of their little makeout session.  Because he finally felt centered in a world that for so long felt strange and unnatural.  The twenty first century no longer represented all the things of the past he had lost, it now represented the future.  He had Tony, he had a
The others share looks around the table, and it doesn't take a genius to know what they're all thinking. Tony pushes his shoulders back and tilts his chin up even though he suddenly feels very small.
god dammit, not hiding things from each other.  And he has a very good guess about what Tony's doing right now, after that tumultuous morning..
regulations for capture the flag.
Steve frowns.
"What?" Steve said, but Tony cut him off.  "Not so fast, soldier.  I'm still talking.  Uh, so, anyway, just - "  The engineer swallowed thickly.  "I just…  This isn't part of any game, alright?  I'm doing this because I want to."
"J, you don't think I'll keel over or pass out if I walk ten blocks and fight zombies after a mild life-threatening injury, right?"
Tony's eyes crinkle up, and by that alone, Steve can tell that he is happy.  "See you, Winghead."
Natasha's eyebrows rose even higher.
"Bye, Buck.  See you, Sam."  In the doorway, they're already looking at each other, not even really seeing Steve; Bucky looks happier than ever and Sam's face is crinkled up with uncharacteristic softness.  They wave at him, and grin, but their gazes keep darting back to one another every point three seconds and Steve finally takes pity - on them or himself, he isn't sure - and shuts the door.
However, when he reaches the workshop, there's no Tony in sight.  "J - FRIDAY," he says into the empty air, "where's Tony?"
During the Before, Tony had been a prodigy, yes, but he'd also been a partier. As the genius son of Howard Stark, a famous weapons manufacturer and celebrity in his own right, Tony grew up in the spotlight. The tabloids were always obsessed with the young Stark who was too rich and too smart for his own good; the attention only increased when he went through puberty and people started to notice him for more than just his brains or father.
Steve had risked his own life for Tony.
"Hey, Shellhead," Steve will reply fondly, wrapping his arm around the hard outer shell of Tony's suit.  Then they'll walk back to the SHIELD quinjet, even though Tony can easily fly back to the Compound by himself and they don't necessarily need to make contact.
God, it's been four days, I thought you were - "
"I basically left on my own, though," he adds flippantly. "Like I said. Sightseeing."
Tony takes a bite of his hash browns and is surprised to note that it actually tastes...good. He's subsisted off of snacks and long-lasting foods thus far, and while he doesn't actually mind so much, eating only chips and canned corn gets old pretty quickly. His plate is pretty small, ration-sized, but he's long since adjusted to eating only small portions every day.
"Oh," Tony says - now it's he who's saying
Steve shrugged, careful not to show the hurt in the lines of his shoulders.  "It's for Natasha, so I don't mind."
Yes, this is how the good days go.  The days are quiet, filled with sun and the old raw city smell of Manhattan.  They go out during the day to fight villains, and they return home rumpled and tired but happy.  Because, after all, they're home.
When Tony wakes up, the first thing he notices is the pain. His chest
It's almost eerily quiet right now; the more months that go by, the less people Tony sees, the less commotion he hears whenever he reaches a big city. According to the map, he's almost to Philly, but in place of the faint hustle and bustle of city life, there's only silence.
In a flash, the shorter man had removed himself from Steve's back and appeared in front, a playful grin on his face.  "Surprised, soldier?"  However, Steve's face must've looked pale even in the dark of the arena, and instantly Tony's mischievous expression changed to one of regret.  "Oh, shit, sorry Steve, I didn't realize you were actually uncomfortable.  I'll, uh, stop.  Sorry."
"Alright," Tony says, smiling a little as he snuggles back into the bed.  "Have fun, although I don't know why you would subject yourself to such torture."
"Tony, that's not allowed," Steve couldn't help but reprimand.  "You know once you get shot that you aren't allowed to do anything until your vest lights back up.  Especially not...taking it off."  Immediately, he thought of Tony taking other things off and firmly told himself to be the virtuous Captain America the world expected him to be.  Not...Steve Rogers.  Not the Steve Rogers with wants and desires.
Even though his technological prowess is no secret, no one knows about JARVIS except for Tony himself, not even Howard. He'd been somewhat well-known before the apocalypse, both because he's a Stark and because he's a prodigy; and he's been on the news as many times for his engineering accomplishments as for his more raunchy endeavors. However, JARVIS had always been a personal project of his, not a weapons design for Stark Industries or a submission to an MIT robotics competition. He'd built JARVIS, not for his father or his professors or the media, but for himself.
"I'm trying to make up for my mistakes," Tony says quietly.  His hands tremble a little around his mug, and Steve wants to take them and kiss his knuckles to calm him down.  But he doesn't, because love has never been that easy.
"I'm not attacking you," Steve says placatingly.  Soft, there, that's it. He comes forward and puts his hands on Tony's shoulders, drawing him in.  "I'm just worried."
hand on the side of Steve's jaw, and Steve could breathe this time around.  God damn, he couldn't just wax poetry about Tony, he could write a whole series about him.
He doesn't know why he doesn't enter immediately, but he stands outside for some time with the plate in one hand and the milk in the other, just watching Tony work.  It is beautiful, seeing the engineer in his element - Tony is dressed in a black tank top and cargo pants and his arms are toned and tan and lined with muscle, his eyes bright and concentrated behind protective work goggles.  He watches as Tony stops for a second, runs a grease-stained hand through his dark hair. He still hasn't seen Steve, but the blonde's mouth goes dry, looking at him.
It was dark and oddly quiet in the arena.  Even with his serum-enhanced hearing, Steve couldn't pick out anything.  Wait.  No.  He was careful not to show any hint of a reaction, but now the faintest sounds of breathing reached his ears…
That better not be the sound he thinks it is, because if there are more zombies in the Rite Aid, Tony is going to be pissed. Like, inferno-blazing, roid-rage, rip-your-hair-out pissed. Not just at his situation but at
"It's been ages since I had a normal breakfast," he says through a mouthful of potato. He directs his voice towards the table but he's looking at Steve again.
is what he doesn't say.  "Maybe it's the beard, man.  You shaved it all away."
"Steve?"
She's beautiful - not quite his type, but beautiful.  Beautiful enough that he offers her his arm and compliments her and means every single word of it.
Then turns and heads into the living room, because there are pizza crust crumbs stuffed between the cushions and there isn't exactly anyone else to clean the mess up.
"So," James Barnes says loudly, "what's the situation, Stevie?"
additionally - the entirety of bruce and tony's exchange about their stem research is BS'd. however, i do love it when our science bros get into lab talk
"You need to get out more," Bucky says frankly.  "I worry about you, Steve.  We all do."
"I don't think coffee counts as sustenance," Steve says, withholding the food from Tony's grabby hands.  "Wash first."
Sometimes there is a knock on the door - like there is now - and Steve, for a second, imagines it is Tony standing behind it, soft grin on his face, beautiful dark eyes framed by long lashes looking up, saying "Hey, Cap.  I've missed you."  And Steve gets up every time, just as he does right now, and he opens the door and it is never,
Tony nods, running a thumb along the ridges of the wrist watch. This is it – this is his whole life's legacy right here on his arm. At one point in the Before, he would've been satisfied with that; but now, he thinks that he could do more. Getting Steve a sketchbook could be a start. "Yeah. That'll be all, JARV."
Steve starts to withdraw, Tony can tell.
"Figures," Clint mutters from across the table. "Treating the outbreak like it's a joke."
"I thought you weren't going to drink again."  He stalks forward with one long stride, snatches the empty bottle out of Tony's hand and tosses it to the floor.  "What are you even - why are you even doing this?"
"Sorry's not enough," he mutters, to himself more than to Tony, but he sees Tony's head jerk up and hurt flash in those large brown eyes and knows he's heard all the same.
"Ask me what?" Tony questions, at the same time as Barnes says sharply, "No."
"I cannot provide that information," FRIDAY says, and this one little sentence tells Steve everything he needs to know.
He finds the Rite Aid first, then the Blick, and then he goes hunting for the Public Works building. He cringes when he finds it, taking a deep breath. Steve had walked nine, ten blocks to get him from the Rite Aid to the county building. Ten blocks, with Tony unconscious in his arms and zombies heading in their direction.
Faintly, he heard Natasha let out a disbelieving scoff, but it sounded far away as his mind drifted back into the past.  For one teeny, tiny second, Steve kind of wished he'd just stayed the shrimpy little guy from Brooklyn his heart had left behind all those years ago.  Because now, he had stamina and a great memory and no medical issues to worry about, but the one thing he wanted most was utterly unreachable.
Tony winces. Steve had said earlier that zombies were crowding in from the west, most likely flocking to the site of the explosion. While there will probably be masses of zombies on the other side of the highway, he doesn't doubt that there will be zombies near the Blick as well.
"Hey, I injured my chest, not my
"So?" Bucky replied, and looked at him for a drawn-out moment.  "Why does that matter?"
If Tony was surprised that Steve was into a guy, he didn't show it.  Instead, he moved closer, something unreadable flashing in his eyes.  "Even straight guys would probably fall all over themselves to have you," he said, letting out a soft chuckle.  "You're the man, soldier."
Also, if you already know the meaning behind the chapter title I applaud you ;).
why you keep turning down my offers to set you up with women?” Natasha asked, finally. Her tone wasn’t accusatory, just curious. Maybe a little amused.
“No, it’s not a SHIELD thing,” Steve said quietly. The lights in the conference room kicked on when they entered because of the motion and Steve turned to face Tony.
Steve shrugged. He didn’t really have any idea; his only experience with fame had been post-serum and he’d never paid much attention at all to tabloids as he grew up. Maybe it was always this insufferable.
Tony surprised the hell out of him by coming up to their room around 3 a.m.
Tony stared at Steve silently for a long minute, as if trying to decide what to do with him.
and trailed behind him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Also, it's now somewhere in the middle of June 2013.
He didn’t have to be able to see Tony’s face to know he was rolling his eyes.
“I have a crush on him
when I even asked what they’d be about, she seemed absolutely
. Or maybe they’d just started implementing stricter rules about who was welcome at their press events. Either way, Steve guessed that was Tony, too.
Thanks so much for taking the time to read. I love you all <3!
It matters to him, so I called in a favor. Here you go Tony. You get one more Q&A.
"We do need new weapons and repairs," Steve says thoughtfully. "If I can get you into a mechanic's shop, you think you can manage?"
"I should tell Pepper about the shit you pulled today," Rhodey replied as he scooped pasta sauce onto the steaming bowls of spaghetti noodles on the counter.  "She'd give you a mouthful for being so ridiculous."
"Worried, huh?" Tony mumbles into his shirt.  His mouth is warm against Steve's chest. "Worried about me, or worried about your reputation?"
Steve only shook his head, tamping down his fondness.
"Umm," Tony says. "Yeah, basically."
"Well." JARVIS pauses delicately. "It would be rather helpful if you provided me your location."
He rests his head against the pavement and closes his eyes. The last thing he remembers thinking is that he hopes whoever finds him is kind enough to bury his body.
It's ten o'clock.  Before he goes downstairs, he folds the blankets down Tony's body.  Tony mumbles something incoherent and thrashes a little, so Steve presses a quick kiss to his forehead to calm him down.  He must be having a nightmare.
Tony whistles, long and low. "Geez. Three whole days. That's sort of a tough blow to my pride."
Normally Steve finds this amusing, even sweet.  But now he can feel nothing but betrayal.
"See you later, Shellhead," he calls as he heads out in his running shirt and joggers.
enjoy your time here at LaserTech Arena.  one round is 15 minutes and $8 per person.  any deviations from the rules above will result in disqualification for your team and/or expulsion from the arena.
"You are most likely at the Public Works building located at Overbrook Parkway and Trent Road." Tony makes a mental note to mark that down on his map as soon as he returns to his room.
If Natasha has recognized him, and dislikes who he was Before, then that'll make things much more difficult. Then again, her partner or companion or whatever had saved his ass, so hopefully they'll let him heal until he's healthy enough to strike out alone.
all he thinks it was."
The shorter man gave him a withering look.  "That's not funny,
"Yeah," Tony replies.  He sounds listless, distant.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony's heard worse.  Steve knows Tony knows he's heard worse.  But this is probably the first time Steve's ever gone for their relationship like that, and they both know it.
This left Steve to figure out whether Natasha or Tony was the flag-holder, and he only had a despondent heart and no clue.
Steve agrees, but only because the way he grew up still makes him uncomfortable, this idea of two men together.  And, of course, it's Tony. Tony doesn't need any more of the publicity that would come with sleeping with Captain America.
I don't, like, beat up puppies for fun or anything."
from, he has no idea.
In the end, they never officially break it off.  They just start visiting each other less and less, and less, and then it's like they were never together in the first place.  They talk to each other even less than they talk to the other Avengers, now, and when Steve goes down for uniform or shield repairs, they are friendly and cordial and exactly everything the world assumes them to be.
doesn't see it.  You talk the way people do when they...when they miss someone, even when Stark is standing right in front of you."
"Ah, yes," Tony says, "the one who doesn't know how to let people die."
Bruce frowns. "Why come out here?" he asks. The tone is light, but the question itself exudes wariness. "Why not stay home?"
"Uh huh," Tony says. "How close to the Rite Aid or Route 1 is it?"
Heaving a sigh, Tony closes his eyes again. He's not sure how long he'd been unconscious beforehand, but he can already feel exhaustion tugging at him. He can deal with his new slew of problems in the morning.
Tony wakes up and is surprised to discover that he's still alive - even more surprising is the fact that a stranger has, apparently, deigned to save him.
There comes the response: "For you, Sir, always."
"That's only slightly creepy," James Rhodes says under his breath, but he looks amused.
His favorite part about Tony, he thinks, is that there is no favorite part.  He loves everything; the way Tony pokes his tongue out of his mouth when he works, or the rapid-fire speed with which he can delve into the most confusing STEM subjects, or the way his hands are littered with small scars from working in the shop.  He loves how Tony runs his hands through his hair and it gets all crazy from engine grease, or how he always seems to have a black smudge on his cheekbone from suit repairs. He loves how Tony mumbles in his sleep and how he does this snap-clap thing when he's explaining something and how he has this thick, dark chunk of lower eyelash on his right eye, like a spot of eyeliner.  And of course there are less-than-great things about Tony too, like his alcoholism, or his stubbornness, or his recklessness, or his tendency to ignore people when he doesn't want to face them, but overall Steve's the happiest he's been since he got out of the ice.
Steve goes to the gym with Clint and Natasha and it's only after dinner with the two that he realizes he hasn't seen Tony yet.  "Crap," he says aloud, and then glances at the assassins. "Tony's probably overworking himself again in the workshop."
"Steve, huh?" Tony says interestedly. He wonders who this "Steve" is, what he looks like – he imagines some rugged older guy, maybe a father figure, with a thick dark beard and caring eyes. His intrigue is almost enough to stop the mild flinch he makes when he registers the rest of the words –
It's surprising when he arrives and Tony's still not there, although he supposes Tony enjoys showing up "fashionably late because that's what the cool kids do, Steve, c'mon."  Finally Tony shows, alone - and Steve chuckles; maybe he's finally getting over his "ne'er do well" ways - and he looks a little lost for a moment before he sees Steve and heads straight over, smiling.
"It didn't smell like a little," Steve finds himself saying, even though it did.  Maybe he wants to test Tony. Maybe he wants to antagonize him, just a little, because he never said he was the perfect boyfriend, Mr. Nice Guy.  That's what the world said. All he did was show up in good condition.
and realized how much Tony could hurt - but seventy years missing.  And Ultron.  And Howard Stark.  And the Accords, and Bucky.  Because there's always a fucking
ok clint is a little hostile in this because he's one of the people most likely to be aggressive imo, but don't worry, he's a good bro. he gets his redemption. i just like my share of misjudged!tony, not to mention that tony IS another mouth to feed and he hasn't proved yet that he can hold his own. it's an apocalypse, so tensions are bound to run a bit high.
he thinks he says, or maybe he only thinks it.  He tries to reach for the brown in the sky above him.  His hand twitches upward.
"I adapt easily," he says. "Just because I'm rich, or whatever else you've heard about me, doesn't mean I'm not capable of taking care of myself or handling tough situations." He narrows his eyes.
"I'm not ridiculous!"  Tony gave his friend the best pout he could muster up.  "Steve is so...so...blonde and perfect.  And he has a crush on another man.  He told me in the arena.  He probably likes, I don't know, Thor or something.  Thor is all muscular and handsome and
But honestly?  He couldn't even bring himself to care about his archer teammate's antics, nor the fact that Barton had probably
"He's better looking than Thor," Tony protested defensively before he realized what he was saying and shut up.
It's fucking freezing out, and Tony's hands tremble as they reach into the bag. His fingers are entirely white except for their reddened knuckles, and he can barely close his fingers around the chips. Even though it's mid-March, the wintry weather hasn't yet faded in Pennsylvania. He'd been in Malibu all the way until December, but he's managed to hike all the way across the country, not for any particular purpose except to have something to do. He has no friends, no family, no home to go to except for the one he'd been kicked out of. So, sightseeing it is.
Maybe he should ask Steve about that mechanic's shop now. Zombies should be no match for his weaponry as soon as he gets his hands on some actual tools. In any case, the sooner he proves his worth to the group, the better.
"Yeah, okay," Tony agrees, and that's that.  By this time, Steve doesn't even have to deal with Tony's alcohol issues, because it's been several months since his breakup with Pepper and he's okay now that he's got Steve.
Tony says, rolling his eyes. "That's why I have you! You're going to help me brainstorm."
(For a moment he feels like he is missing something.  But he doesn't quite know what.)
enjoyed his newfound independence in a morbid sort of way. There are downsides, of course, like the dangers of traveling (and alone at that) when he could be safe behind the towering gates and walls of Stark mansion. But there is a certain pleasure in having had only himself to rely on and no one around to judge his habits or mistakes.
He wants to go up to him.  Tell him,
the colonel said, shaking his head in mock disappointment.  "You couldn't think of a better way to get a kiss from him?  I've seen the way he looks at you.  I think a simple 'dinner at five?' would've done the trick just as nicely."
Superhero.  On the planet.  I have liked you for a year now.  All I ever think about.  Is
He tries to sit up and regrets the decision a second later when his chest flares with pain again. Wheezing, he lies back down, constraining himself to only turning his head.
From his awkward vantage point, he can only see three things – the walls on either side of him, and the ceiling. He's in some sort of storage room, lying on a table; a haphazard display of bloodied medical supplies and bandages lies on a tray next to him. His bag, looking surprisingly untouched, has been discarded against the wall.
Rhodes shrugs. "I was a freshman when Stark was a senior. Everyone knew him. He was like a little celebrity. I didn't pay much attention to the gossip, though."
hiding out in a safehouse, protected by six other people. I'm not surprised."
Steve just stops for a second and nods without turning around, and then keeps walking.
"Umm," Tony says. He glances back and forth between the faces at the table. Natasha's mouth is drawn tight, and Barnes looks like a caged animal. "I don't know what it is I did, or if you guys just hate me because I'm bi or a whore or whatever, but I swear I'm not actually that bad." He winces – smooth, Stark, what a great way to prove you're an okay person despite everything. He hopes he hasn't unintentionally reminded them of the slew of sex tapes he's got on the Internet, because he has the feeling the tapes wouldn't impress them. "I've been told I'm narcissistic and don't play well with others, but other than my laundry list of character defects, I'm not
Steve hums. "You're an engineer, right?"
He lands on his arms and knees and rolls onto his back just as the Rite Aid explodes in front of him. On instinct, he covers his face with his arms and curls himself into a ball just as he's pelted with a shower of glass.
He's at the door when he hears the thudding footsteps behind him. Slamming out of the doors, he pitches the grenade into the Rite Aid, not glancing back to see where it's going to land. He dives forward into the street as a chorus of unearthly howls rises up in his ears.
"I didn't mean it like that."
"No!" the blonde burst out before he could filter himself, and the smile he so loved burst forward on Tony's face again.
For a second he searches for "Steve," or, at least, the guy he's come to imagine as Steve, but he gets distracted by all the unfamiliar people seated at the table in front of him.
The morning is lovely. The weather is brisk, the sky is a cool blue so pale that it almost appears white. Tony's breath mists out into the air as he exhales. In the distance, the highway disappears into a mass of rolling fog.
He stalks over to the elevator and jabs the up button.  They're supposed to be a
He realized how close the other man was from him.  Tony's eyes were bright as flares, even in the darkness.  Like the ocean at night, or something.  Like the universe, which you would at first describe as pitch black, before seeing all the stars sprinkled across it.
In the morning, he's parched. He sips some of his water, brushes his teeth again, and then packs up the tent, folding it neatly into a compact square before slipping it into his pack. He pees at the base of a tree, feeling oddly like a dog marking its territory, then grabs his backpack and starts to walk. Now that it's daylight, he plans to exit the forest, meaning that he has to be prepared to encounter zombies again.
Outside his room is a long grey corridor. There's hardly any light save for what comes trickling down from a staircase at the far end of the hall, so he assumes he's underground somewhere. He's most likely in a building, so this floor is either for storage or serves as a bunker of some sort. Making his way slowly down the corridor, he checks the handles of each room he passes, but they're all locked.
"What is he doing?" he says, tamping down the suspicion.  Tony's in the penthouse, maybe he's sleeping then. But the way FRIDAY is speaking sounds off to him, somehow.  Like Tony's not okay, maybe, like he's doing something…
"Hey now, Clint," Steve says affably, but there's a distinct warning underlying his tone. "We're in the middle of an apocalypse. There's hardly any room to judge."
"Tones," he began carefully, "have you ever considered that the man Steve likes might be
"Oh, you're not thinking of letting him travel with us, are you?" Clint protests indignantly. "This isn't even about Stark anymore, think about our resources! We're going to have a whole extra person to feed and clothe and watch out for. Not to mention, he's injured, so he'll probably slow us down."
Steve opened his mouth, and then Tony rose up on his tiptoes and planted a soft, sweet, lingering kiss on the supersoldier's lips.
"Yeah." Tony taps his chest lightly with a finger. "What'd you do, shoot me up with the good stuff?"
"For you, sir," comes the tinny voice of his AI, "always."
Tony wisely keeps himself from giving a scathing response. After all, this group saved him from what would've otherwise been a guaranteed death. "I've been out on my own for months," he answers stiffly. "I was raiding the Rite Aid. I didn't realize there'd be fifty fucking zombies playing poker in the backroom."
"Well," Tony repeats.  He says it strongly, like it's the only word he is familiar with.  "Your reputation's fine, Steve. Just fine."
When he next awakens, he's alone again. His bandages have been changed and there's a jacket pillowed beneath his head, but other than that, he's relatively untouched. He sits up with a groan and is surprised to note that the pain, while still present, is nowhere near as bad as it was the last time he was awake. Maybe Natasha had stuck him with some pain meds.
Tony."
He'd really wanted to avoid detection in the city, and an explosion is a surefire way to draw the attention of more zombies, but he doesn't have a choice. Frantically, he plunges his hand into his backpack and takes out one of his grenades. He pulls out the pin with his teeth and runs.
After that day, he starts seeing things everywhere.  The little redness rimming Tony's eyes, the way his hands shake minutely, the way he sometimes over-enunciates words - as if he's trying to keep himself from slurring.  And there is the smell, of old whiskey hidden away in cupboards and behind shelves and things Tony must have drank today, yesterday, the day before yesterday, that have left their trails in the air like an oil slick.
Tony nods, shrugs. "Yeah. The quiet's nice. I hate talking to myself, but...it's peaceful sometimes."
"What do you think about it?" Tony asked suddenly.  His eyes looked wet, the kind of eyes Steve liked.  There were certain kinds of people that just had eyes that were the wet kind of dark.  That dreaming, drinking kind of dark.  Steve could literally write a poem just about the color of Tony's eyes.
fine.  He still sees Tony in the Tower and on the battlefield, and sometimes Tony takes a step toward him and opens his mouth like he'd like to say something - but then he always stops, and something Steve can't decipher passes through his gaze, and then he fades into the shadows again like a ghost.
As he reads, he curls a hand through Tony's hair.  The air is considerably warmer now, almost stifling - but to Steve, it feels good.  The further from his stint in the ice, the better, he supposes, although when he looks down Tony's frowning and shifting around like he's trying to throw the blankets off.
He hears a chorus of affirmations and he's turning, scanning the skies for a familiar red and gold suit, when he hears a clank behind him.  A metallic clank - one of the last Doombots, struggling to stand again, spindly arm raised in a last ditch effort to hurt.
"So that's Tony Stark, huh?" Sharon says, watching as the billionaire easily weaves through the crowd.  "Iron Man?"
Instead, he's confronted with an entire outpouring of zombies, men and women alike knocking into each other as they stumble through the doorway. They're moving slowly – maybe the dead zombie had been a lone survivor just like Tony, stepping in to loot the Rite Aid when he'd been ambushed by the hoard – but not slowly enough. There definitely aren't enough bullets for every single one of them.
He's out before he ever sees those eyes widen and hands touch his face and a hoarse voice break halfway through pleading his name.
Then he heads out the door and takes the elevator down to the kitchen to catch a quick breakfast.
Tipping his chin to his chest, he looks down to see that he's been stripped of his shirt entirely. In its place is a mess of fresh bandages that wrap around his torso.
The engineer must have been more tired than Steve realized, because even as the bed shifts and dips under his weight, Tony doesn't stir.  He figures he should let him sleep so he settles against the headboard and takes out his custom-made Stark tablet - Tony's downloaded apps for him where he can read novels and the like, and recently he's been really into Kindle.  At his hip, Tony mumbles a little and shifts into him, pressing his face against the fabric of Steve's sweatpants.
He begins to meet more people on his daily runs, including a black man named Sam Wilson who's funny and sarcastic, and a woman named Sharon Carter.  He has the lurking suspicion that Carter - no, Sharon - works for SHIELD, but sometimes they go out for coffee and it is fine, in fact
Here's another thing about Steve: he remembers the times when he was a kid and his dad would pick him up and sit him on his shoulders.  Joe Rogers wasn't always a bad guy. So it was the drink, it must have been. And he looks at Tony and he sees his father in him and he can't lose Tony to it too.  He can't look at his boyfriend every day and wonder if sooner or later Tony will bring him down too.
"J, I need some ideas," he says. "More specifically, for art. There's this guy and he saved me from imminent death and doom, and he likes art, so I'm trying to figure out what I can do to repay him."
A woman is standing in the doorway, watching him coolly. She has fiery red hair and sharp green eyes and she's absolutely fucking stunning. "Wow," he blurts, because he has no brain-to-mouth filter, and sue him, the pain's making him loopy. "Am I in heaven?"
"Yes, Sir," the AI replies promptly.
The funny thing is, Tony's such a sweet drunk - a little emotional, for sure, but not like Steve's father when he was neck-deep in a bottle and decided to take a swing or two at his wife.  No, Tony's not the violent type, he just paws at Steve's chest and looks up with those red-ringed doe eyes and cries a little sometimes.
Dr. Bruce Banner. The physicist? Groundbreaking theories on gamma radiation?"
different.  Stronger.  More out of control.
Stark Tower, despite having known his teammates for quite a long while, Tony rarely let his mask down.  Lately, however, he'd been showing his softer side more and more often, and Steve subsequently found himself being even more drawn to the beautiful enigma that was Tony Stark.
"It might be nice to have someone else to discuss science with," Bruce speaks up tentatively. He offers a sheepish smile. "Sorry, Clint. I do agree that it's a lot, taking on another person. But we're a group of seven already. And Stark's written some pretty compelling papers on thermonuclear dynamics."
Tony waits till Steve is halfway down the hall before calling out, "Stark is my father. Call me Tony!"
"No," he finally gasped out when he was done, much to Natasha's amusement.  "He just...kissed me.  I've kissed people before."
"I know, Sir," JARVIS says, understanding immediately like he always does. Tony isn't sure if the AI really
That's another thing - after Ultron, Tony stopped sleeping in Steve's bed so much.  Steve found him in the workshop one night, curled up on the couch, but hadn't wanted to wake him up - they both needed the rest.
"Thought you were just sight-seeing?" Bruce asks but without heat.
"How do you know that?" the angry brunet says suspiciously.
Natasha scoffs. "Don't get ahead of yourself."
Finally, though, Steve has to get up.  "I'll be back later, alright," he says softly, sitting up in bed.  It already feels substantially cooler as he pushes the blankets off his body.  "I'm going out for my morning run, but after I'll come back and shower and get back in bed with you, alright?"
The woman walks up next to him and inspects his bandages with a critical eye. Whatever she sees there must satisfy her, because she nods her head and turns away. "Lay back down. You need rest."
Impromptu Early-Morning Couch Gatherings:  May 2013
P.S. Also major kudos to you if you caught the line from the comics that I slipped into this chapter ;). You're a true Stony superfan.
I wanted to give you all a clear list of the team's gifts to Steve because some were less clear than others. So here goes:
“Right,” Tony leaned back in the chair and scrubbed his hands on his pants. Steve pulled away from Tony and leaned back in his own chair, trying to give him the space it seemed like he wanted.
Time moved slower after Steve and Sam were on the plane. Tony knew that wasn’t possible, of course, but it didn’t stop it from seeming true as he and Bucky waited for Steve’s return.
“I mean, I know I’ve missed a lot, but I’ve been catching up and I’ve yet to find the point in history when it became acceptable to ask people deeply
A Situation to Address: Mid-March 2013
Any predictions about how they're going to finally get together? It's coming up soon, and I'd love to hear any guesses you guys have :).
, Tony was often immediate and in his opponent's space. Steve knew that from experience, too.
“Well, then, yes. I did.”
The first clue was that Tony was actively leaning away from the men he was talking to. Steve had learned firsthand that Tony was an incredibly tactile person. When he
Steve has been off looking for Bucky and taking out HYDRA ever since, but he's still very much with and devoted to Tony (reading the last two chapters of "I like me better" might help explain this in-depth). But the most important things to know are that Steve and Tony love each other very much and Steve *has* told Tony that HYDRA used the Winter Soldier to kill his parents. So consider Civil War entirely avoided. And please enjoy!
She contemplated dragging a blanket over them but thought better of it. Steve was a walking furnace when you were standing within a foot of him, let alone when you were pressed against him the way Tony was. Besides, they seemed perfectly content as they were.
In case anyone is questioning the whereabouts of our missing Avengers family members: Thor is either with Jane or in Asgard - who can keep track? And Bruce is helping contain an infectious disease outbreak in Asia. He'll be around soon.
They were both still wearing their suits from the benefit, which left Natasha with more questions than answers about what happened when the pair mysteriously disappeared earlier in the evening, but they looked about as comfortable as they could be, given the circumstances.
. Apparently, that was news to her because she seemed scandalized. Granted, that may be because I also strongly condemned her factually inaccurate notion that abstinence-only sex education actually works so I can’t say a scandalized reaction wasn’t necessarily in order. but—”
Don't hate me! *hides*
(See the end of the chapter for
When Tony woke up in the morning, he wasn’t expecting JARVIS to be the first thing he heard.
Thanks for reading, I love you guys!!
“Fine.” And Steve figured that was about as much as of a reaction as he was going to get out of Natasha.
“I uh.”
“You’ve already done more than anyone else ever has,” he said, sighing. “I don’t need to ask anything else of you.”
Another hour later, and Bucky was standing in Tony’s workshop. With Steve.
Hello, lovelies! I know it's been about a million years (seriously, like four months!) but I hit a patch of writer's block that really stumped me for a while. But I'm back with a chapter and ideas for the next one. Thanks for sticking with me :).
What was your favorite part of the chapter? Or even the fic in general? I'd love to know. I have my favorite parts, but I'm never sure what's resonating the most with people.
Yes, this is what it sounds like in the chapter title ;). Buckle up, guys. These boys are starting to *realize* things.
Click next in the series to read more! I've posted two chapters already :).
So this chapter is MASSIVE and still takes place in April 2013. Also, I'm sure you see I've decided to write a little... epilogue, shall we say? All I have to say is Happy New Year ;)!
Okay, so I swear these chapters won't all feature Tony having a panic attack. I really, really promise. But for the time being, this is where we are lol. Please let me know what you think and what questions, comments, or concerns you have!
I promise I won't keep them apart for much longer, but just hear me out -- as much as I love our couple dearly, they're imperfect. And Tony of all people is unwilling to believe he deserves good things. So I thought it made sense to have him spiral out a bit.
Hey guys! Happy belated Halloween. I tried to get this chapter up as a Halloween present, but I was a day late. I hope you all enjoyed it nonetheless. This chapter was particularly fluffy, but I enjoyed writing the team dynamic again. Let me know what you think!
This fic won't be nearly as long as "I like me better," but I'm expecting at least another chapter or two and I'd love to hear what you might be interested in reading. I can't promise I'll use a specific suggestion, but I also can't promise that your comments won't inspire me. It's happened before!
So... what do you think? This chapter is kind of a huge one for them, right? They're public (and, naturally, Steve goes to bat to defend Tony. Did we expect anything less?) What did you think? Do you think his defense was good? Bad? Should he have just kept his head down?
Steve took a deep breath, not even remotely certain why he’d decided to start on this subject. He and Tony didn’t have conversations like this. But maybe that was the reason. Tony was still on the verge of hyperventilating, and Steve didn’t really think he was listening much at all.
that abstinence-only sex-ed was a waste of time?” Tony asked, out of nowhere. His shoulders were shaking with laughter under Steve’s hand.
As Steve watched, Tony held up his glass and made a motion toward the bar, clearly indicating he wanted to slip away. Unfortunately, the men didn’t seem to get the message that he wanted them to let him go
“Is this a SHIELD thing, Rogers?” Tony asked as he exited the elevator, still walking more robotically than Steve was used to. “Because I still don’t trust—”
Tony was still breathing irregularly, holding a hand to his chest, and staring at the ground.
Then onto the next shift... they're officially in love. I mean, I think we all knew they were already there. But they've now SAID THE WORDS and that's always a big deal, right? Do you think I did them justice? Was it believable?
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?”
Steve wracked his brain, trying to come up with something else that might help with this. The last time he'd gone for a run, but he’d been in his room and able to pull on sweatpants and a t-shirt. Tony was in a three-piece suit. Besides, Steve wasn’t sure running would help Tony the same way it helped him.
— and patted the couch beside him. Steve all but collapsed into the cushions on Tony’s right.
of that in my day. But there were some lines you didn't cross.”
“Then there was the woman from the department of education who called me sometime between being unthawed and the Battle of New York — I don’t even have any idea how she got my number, which was more than a little unsettling. But anyway. She asked if I’d be interesting in filming a number of video public service announcements that would be played in public high schools? Not only did she seem
“Why don’t you sit?” Steve suggested, sliding his hand from Tony’s shoulder to his upper arm.
“Unfortunately not,” JARVIS said.
Baseball and Breaking the Law: Mid-April 2013
,” Steve said, stretching absently. It occurred to him, after the comment was out, that he and Tony were not, in fact, alone. Not that he really cared. Much.
Lisa was entirely unsurprised to find Tony Stark wedged onto the bed beside Captain Rogers when she walked into the room to check pain medication levels at 12:03 a.m.
“Like the other day,” Steve said, deciding to go all in. “One of the SHIELD agents I was working with absently mentioned his sisters’ wife and then looked at me like he’d just said the most scandalous thing in the world. Then he dropped the subject and tried to pretend it never happened.
Tony huffed a laugh.
I'm also so sorry for not updating sooner. I know I told you all I already have most of this written and I do, but I had a family emergency come up and I spent most of the past week or so in the hospital dealing with a family member undergoing brain surgery and receiving a cancer diagnosis. Luckily, things seem to be looking up now, so I hope to get to a more regular posting schedule.
I'd love to hear any and all of your thoughts, so please don't hesitate to share. And thank you so much for reading <3!
But... What do you think? I'd love to hear your feedback.
Also, Disclaimer for anyone wondering: I promise Sam made it upstairs lol. In my head, he was just calling his mom to let her know he was back in the country for the foreseeable future (like the good son he is) and made it upstairs to catch the tail end of Steve and Bucky’s hug. I just couldn’t organically work him into the last scene no matter how I tried, and he only got a check-up via JARVIS in this one. Not for lack of Sam love, I promise. Just cause this chapter was the private reunion moment our boys needed. So yeah, Sam's in his room and he'll be back soon :).
since he’d woken up had even attempted to test the waters on Steve’s views about homosexuality or same-sex relationships. And, yet, two weeks after the charity event, during Team Movie Night, Tony just brought it up without hesitation.
Steve was still complaining about people’s general lack of respect in the twenty-first century when Tony cut in.
Some distant machine whirred to life and Steve was satisfied the AI had done as he’d asked.
Tony still didn’t seem to be listening, but his breathing had evened out some so Steve was hopeful this was either helping or he was coming down off the attack on his own.
“I bet that’s something you would do,” Tony said, sounding smug.
If you're new to this verse — welcome! I'm so happy you're here and I hope you enjoy my writing.
and he just prayed Tony didn’t take offense.
Out of all the Avengers, Tony was the most comfortable in these social settings. If he was looking for an exit, that meant things were bad.
Tony laughed outright at his comment.
It's now April 2014. If you know what that means, please don't hate me 😬😅. Also just be aware that this is a bit of a significant time jump from the last one. I did my best to provide enough context clues to help everyone follow when/where they are and why. If you struggle to follow it though, and you have any suggestions to improve it that'd be great.
Pepper read the piece first. She loved it and had assured Steve and Tony that it captured their relationship well and also revealed things about each of them as individuals. After spending days answering Addison’s questions, and then a few weeks confirming all the facts, Tony felt like he knew her. He trusted her not to do a hatchet job; she was a genuinely curious and kind person. She’d never once shown any hint of judgment no matter what answers they gave to her questions. But he was still afraid to read it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve opened a door which he knew led to an elevator that was rarely used by anyone in the tower. He may have known that because he was frequently looking for ways to leave places in the tower without being noticed; who could blame him. At any rate, Steve was happy for his knowledge of the place now.
Steve was hesitant to step in. Not only would it expose the fact that Steve had been watching Tony, closely, but it would also expose Tony in a way he might not want.
Okay. This chapter became a MONSTER. And it was originally combined with the NEXT chapter, but now they're two chapters. Please don't hate me. I'm posting the next chapter very, very soon. But I wanted to give you guys something for being so patient and for helping me reach over 300 kudos and more than 80 comments. You're truly the best readers ever!
Steve turned to face his teammates on the other couch. Clint and Natasha were both staring at Steve with strange expressions on their faces. Bruce, on the other hand, got up to help Tony with the popcorn after offering Steve a friendly smile. Steve wasn’t sure anything really surprised Bruce anymore.
First, it was the fact that he’d set up a Tower Compost Program, to cut down on food waste. Granted, Steve doubted Tony’d had a hand in that himself. But he was
Steve shook his head and guided Tony into a conference room.
A day later we got into it in between bouts of saving the world. I realized he was brilliant, brave and — above all else — a hero. Those things only made him more attractive. (4/5)
“I mean for god’s sakes she wanted me to do a PSA about not getting into detention,” Steve rolled his eyes, though he was fully aware Tony wasn’t able to appreciate that at the moment. “Me? Advising kids against getting detentions? I had to, in no uncertain terms, inform her that I’d spent most of primary and secondary school in
I promise I won't leave you all hanging on this chapter for long, but you have the benefit of knowing, more or less, what happens. I'm just going to fix a few things I had problems with before haha. Please let me know what you think!!
Thanks so much for reading! I feel so blessed to have such lovely readers.
Next, it was the press conferences. The Avengers were public figures who interacted with the press more than Steve would have liked. But it had been more manageable as of late. Someone seemed to have taken it upon themselves to remind the sometimes overeager reporters — Steve didn’t want to discredit the press, journalism was important — that Captain America and the others were actually
This is my first Steve/Tony fic, and my first fic posted on AO3 ever. With that said, if you have a minute pretty please with cherries on top let me know what you think :)!
Just let me know what you thought, as always. And, of course, thank you for reading. I love you all <3.
Tony turned away from the bar to face the other two men again. He had a fake smile plastered on his face. He still hadn’t noticed Steve was on his way over.
Steve's birthday, part 3. Enjoy!
“Excuse me, gentlemen,” Steve said, tipping his head at them both. Then he focused his gaze on Tony. “Sorry to interrupt, but I need to speak with Mr. Stark.”
but he wasn’t about to read into it too much.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve guided him back into the chair as much as he could, but from the angle he was at Tony more or less fell into the chair.
"Like I said, paranoid, insomniac genius. It used to drive Pepper crazy.” He wasn’t sure why his mind went there, but Tony decided to just run with it. He was running out of things to say, otherwise.
“It wouldn’t have made a difference, Nat,” Steve shrugged, smiling. “I don't need to be set up with anyone right now. I like my life the way it is.”
Steve didn’t need more confirmation than that. This was a panic attack.
I also want to make a note now that isn't super important to this chapter, but is for future chapters. The events in this story are spread out over a number of months. It's not entirely clear but in my head this was, more or less, the schedule I worked out:
More than that, though, Tony’s jaw was clenched tighter than could be considered healthy or normal. He had one hand wrapped around an almost empty glass, but the other was clenched in a fist.
They were watching A New Hope because Steve still hadn’t seen Star Wars and Tony said that was a tragedy of epic proportions. The movie was coming to a close. The Death Star had been destroyed and, all in all, Steve had genuinely enjoyed the movie. They’d made it to the medal ceremony, and as Han winked at Leia with his roguish, smuggler charm Tony chuckled quietly.
(See the end of the chapter for
of who I actually am,” Steve sighed.
“You could have told me,” she said, now looking at him as if she were trying to work out a complicated puzzle.
Steve reflected on his past attacks, trying to remember what helped pull him out. Once, he had been fine after a few deep breaths of cool, fresh air. Steve glanced at the windows. It seemed unlikely that windows sixty-five stories up would open, but it was worth a try.
Steve thought over the floors in the tower he knew would be empty, especially at this time of night. He settled for the floor above. While the 64th floor had one of the Stark Tower’s many, many entertainment spaces, the 65th floor was mostly conference rooms. Apparently, it was important to Tony that his employees never have to fight for conference space. Steve had been there many times and he’d almost never seen anyone, so he didn’t think Stark Industries’ employees were wanting for more meeting rooms.
Steve might also have the benefit of being the only person who wasn’t constantly occupied with schmoozing elite donors at this event, which gave him more than enough time to track the movements of his teammates. If he spent a little more time watching Tony than everyone else? Well, Steve didn’t see why that was anyone else’s business.
Not recognizing someone was strange enough, but the longer the two men spoke with — or, more accurately
Tony was speaking to two men. One of whom Steve recognized as an army general who made it a point to seek Tony out at every event they both attended. As a general, held himself with the rigid discipline of a career military man; even if Steve didn’t recognize him, it would have been easy to tell he was in the service.
(See the end of the chapter for
She knew Tony never got enough sleep, and she suspected that although he hid it better, Steve didn’t either. It may be sentimental and stupid, but she couldn’t resist padding into the living room on silent feet.
**I made a slight edit to this chapter so it would be consistent with future chapters.
I'm also sorry for the wait, it took me so much more time to write this than I would have anticipated. To make up for that, it's a long one!
Here we go, Tony is starting to catch up :).
At this point, we're past the holidays and into February 2014. Enjoy!
Okay, so this one took a turn. Up until this point, everything has been fluffy and upbeat. This chapter... well I had to update the tags because there are somewhat graphic depictions of serious injuries. That said, I'm in the business of writing happy endings, not sad ones. So trust me if you can, and hold on for our lovable, injury-prone, superhero duo.
The very sentence makes Steve's blood run hot.  There is no excuse for drinking. There is no excuse for, for, for.
Tony's hands curl around the map, crumpling its thin edges. He wishes for one desperate second that JARVIS would console him, but he doesn't feel pathetic enough to beg his AI to calm him down. Back in the shop at home, JARVIS would already be able to detect Tony's rabbit-quick heartbeat and shaking hands, but he is not at home and JARVIS is in a fucking watch, for God's sake. He's here on a table in a demolished Public Works building and he should be dead and he feels so very alone.
He realizes he's just scraping at his dish, now, which has been thoroughly cleaned off since Rhodes and Thor started talking. He puts his fork down and folds his hands in his lap, waiting.
His best friend gives him a look.  "For somethin' other than running or buyin' groceries.  When's the last time you talked to someone besides me or Sam?  And people from government agencies don't count."
With that, he falls asleep.
"You went to MIT too, didn't you, Jim?" Bruce says. "Maybe you saw Stark around."
morally-uppity people (can't stand them, actually), but after a decade of dealing with plastic smiles and unctuous flirtations, Steve is like a breath of fresh air.
Tony cringes a little. He's definitely failing to make a good first impression – although, in his defense, he's starting from the very bottom of the totem pole. He is, however, eager to meet Steve, so after a pause, he hobbles down the stairs after Natasha.
"Look," Tony says, before he can somehow piss the guy off further, "all I'm saying is, you definitely didn't have to do what you did. But you did anyway, to honor your insane and ridiculously high moral standards, so I owe you one."
And it's true; in all his life, he's only ever loved - crushed on, rather - Peggy Carter (and Jolie Bering from sixth grade, but that doesn't count).  Tony Stark has never been a lover, a crush, or even someone he's lusted after, although he can admit the older man is attractive.  But maybe Bucky's right about the way Steve looks at Tony and talks about him.  Maybe that "tone", that "look", is the reason why Steve feels a brick wedge into his gut every time the man appears onscreen.  People always talk about platonic love, romantic love, obsession.  But there is nothing in the dictionary or on the Internet to explain what Steve feels when he thinks of Tony Stark.  It feels otherworldly, ancient and profound, like maybe they could have ended up loving one another if Steve had made different decisions once upon a time.
Steve thinks.  He wasn't in such a great place, but there was nowhere to go but up.  Now, though, he's discovering there are always new lows.
"I know," Tony says.  He is still being quiet, uncharacteristically so; it makes Steve's head itch with something he doesn't know how to define.  He feels wild and untethered, unraveling. Something between them is coming loose right here, in this moment, and he doesn't know if they can fix it.  "I'm sorry. I just - it really does help me focus. I wasn't really...I was having a hard time last night."
There's a long pause, and then the man next to him coughs lightly and says, "James Rhodes. Or Jim."
"Wait," Tony says, struggling to sit up again. "Wait! Who are you? Where am I? Why did you save me?"
"Breakfast?" Tony says dumbly. For some reason, he hadn't expected these people to feed him, not after having gone through so much trouble already to save him.
Tony smiles fondly. Believe it or not, but he hadn't actually programmed JARVIS with that response. It had somehow just become a thing –
"I know, I just slipped again, 'm sorry," Tony says.  His face is crumpling, which is shocking because Steve rarely ever sees him cry.  In this moment, however, he just looks gross - eyes swollen, cheeks red, mouth stinking with that acid tang.  Another wave of revulsion washes over Steve. This is the man he's
Not even a little bit, no...because Tony's just that kind of person, the kind of guy who goes all out.
Steve still has Bucky, obviously - and
"Will that be all, Sir?" JARVIS asks. That's his deactivation sequence.
For a time, they are happy.
"Yeah," Steve says.  He looks down, into Sharon's eyes.  They are plain brown, but they are kind, and they don't hurt him to look at.
"So," Tony started, his hand unconsciously straying to the back of his neck to rub it, "I'm going to kill Rhodey if he was wrong.  But.  I guess you can hate me later if you want.  No time like the present."
Bruce blushes, full on turns pink. "That's me…"
A hint of desperation edges into Tony's voice, like he is trying to convince himself of something.  "I'm
It seems as if Tony can sense the tenseness in the atmosphere as well, because he sidles in almost like a timid puppy, glancing around at Clint and Natasha before ducking his head.  Steve finds a bitter taste filling his mouth; this, this cowed man, this is not the Tony Stark he knows. Tony is bold, confident, snarky - he's never been
Steve had said, aghast, almost dropping his Subway all over his lap.  "Gosh, Buck, he's got Miss Potts.  They're engaged."
"Yeah."  Tony gives a smile that doesn't reach his eyes.  "I didn't, uh, go to sleep, so…"
"When do I get to meet him?"
"Yeah, I guess," the engineer said.  He looked uncomfortable with the fact that Steve seemed to be implying he was a good person, and Steve wanted to hold him and tell him all the things he should love about himself.  But he couldn't.
"I know," the billionaire said with a casual shrug.  "But you know how I am.  I get bored."
Steve and Bucky stand and start to collect plates. "Want me to get yours?" Steve asks him, so kindly that Tony sort of wants to scream.
"No rules against this though," Tony whispered back, and pressed his lips to Steve's neck.  The supersoldier stiffened instantly.  What was Tony doing?  Did he know Steve had had a crush on him for almost a year now?  Was this...was this Tony's way of taunting him for what he could never have?
"Good night, sir," JARVIS says, his voice a quiet lull in the dark.
"...I like art," Steve says after a beat.
"Hey, buddy," he says softly, once he's sure that he's alone in the woods. "JARVIS, you up?"
Steve flings his shield up, but the yell distracts him and the blast from the bot hits him straight in the side.  His vision whites.
Tony flinches, head jerking up with a start. He manages to get himself up on one elbow, high enough to see the source of the noise.
He wishes he could return to the mansion for a day, if only to visit his workshop. His weapons have proved effective against the zombies, but given more adequate resources, he could probably build himself a taser and longer-range artillery. Not that Howard would ever let him back into his old home, of course.
Natasha's hard look from yesterday returns. "I voted not to waste our painkillers on you, but my companion disagreed."
"How did you survive for three months on your own?" Clint says incredulously. Tony can hear the underlying question –
Tony rears back like Steve's just hit him before shoving the blonde away.  There's no fire in the shove, though, only some strange flailing desperation, and for a moment Steve doesn't do anything but let himself rock back in surprise.  Tony's not getting mad. He was supposed to get mad (isn't that part of why he said it?).
"You're making excuses," Natasha says.  "You shouldn't have been messing around with that in the first place."
Suddenly, someone nearby cleared his throat, and Steve cursed himself for not paying attention.  However, his sharp eyes picked up a slight movement near the wall to the right of him and he hefted the gun up immediately, firing a perfect shot at the neon red vest in the darkness.  To his confusion, however, the figure in the dark didn't groan in disappointment or even make any noises.  Instead, the man merely placed his gun down, unbuckled his vest and let it drop to the ground before striding forward, eyes drinking Steve in.
It's strange, how different FRIDAY is from JARVIS.  JARVIS was just as robotic, monotonous, as his new counterpart.  But FRIDAY is...moreso, somehow. Less personality, less character, more servile.  Perhaps it is because after Ultron, Tony feared what his own hands could do.
but he's not really thinking properly and suddenly all the exhaustion of today hits him like a wave.
hide those parts of themselves, like that.  But also - also, Steve knows a relationship goes two ways.  If Tony drinks, they have to talk about it. If Tony drinks, they have to - he won't just forgive it.  He
He holds out a hand and wiggles his fingers. He doesn't have his ring on him; it's somewhere at home, a symbol of his old life and the way he'd left it, but he likes to think he doesn't need it anyway. "Got a brass rat?"
He felt his crotch twitch almost painfully.
Sam struggles to counter this, because Bucky can't.  "You just seem... like how you were when I first met you, y'know?"
"Great," Tony says. "I don't know much about art, I like looking at it but I can't really find any meaning behind it, you know? But, my, um, my mother, she was cultured, she liked all these artists, Degas and Monet and Klimt. Who do you like?"
"Hey," Steve says slowly.  He never knows how Tony will react to these kinds of things - how his own heart will react to these things.  "What was that about, today? This morning?"
"No," Steve says firmly.  "You're covered in grease and who knows what else.  Clean."
He spent most of his teenage years drunk or high or fucking his way through Malibu; and because he was rich, and famous, he got away with it. Most cops turned a blind eye to his wild lifestyle, and he always had his father to bail him out.
"James Barnes," says the moody-looking brunet sitting next to Thor. "Friends call me Bucky." The implication that Tony does
"Howard Stark kicked you out in the middle of the apocalypse?" says Bruce.
He itches to reach out for Tony's arm, tug him in and hold him close, but then he remembers that Clint and Nat are with them and it wouldn't be appropriate.
He turns, immediately reaching for the gun on the countertop – cursing himself because, yeah, the Rite Aid had been quiet, but he'd been distracted; and to make things worse, he hadn't checked the backroom, and who doesn't check the backroom during a zombie apocalypse? – but it's too late. The zombie behind him looms up, his mouth stretched in a ghastly grin as he slams a plastic crate into Tony's head.
"I miss you, JARV," he murmurs, even though JARVIS is right here. What he really means is this – he misses building, creating, inventing in his workshop, with JARVIS's soothing voice offering advice and pointing out errors by his side. He misses the Before, even the Before with Howard, because at least then he had a home.
- a man who can't even keep the one fucking promise he made to Steve, to not drink, to not become one of the countless Howard Starks or Joe Rogerses of the world.  Where is the man from this morning?
"Sorry, buddy," Tony mutters. Normally he'd have more respect for the dying, but considering this one's just tried to kill him, his patience is wearing a little thin. He grabs his gun off the floor and flicks the safety off, shooting the zombie in the head.
Suddenly he feels nausea bubble up in his throat and he dry heaves, tasting regurgitated hash brown on his tongue. He swallows it back down, gagging harshly, and presses his palms flat to his thighs in a futile effort to calm down.
When Steve wakes up, it is quiet.
There's a wet heat spreading on his torso and Tony looks down, paling when he sees the mess that is his chest. His shirt is torn and bleeding through, and when he yanks his neckline down, all he can see are deep cuts and glass shards littering his skin.
And, God,
JARVIS's brief silence resonates disapproval. "Very well."
Vaguely, he can feel his knees hitting the ground and something hot leaking down the side of his uniform.  It's sticky -
"Tell Stark," Clint begins, then stops.  "Uh. Yeah. Just, tell him to eat. He, he needs to eat."
Tony nods. "Yep. That's me." He drums his fingers on his knees beneath the table.
Steve is grateful for one small mercy.  Tony hides his drink well now, nowadays.  He cannot smell the old whiskey in the cabinets anymore, although he's gotten an odd whiff from some strange places.  Tony must be trying to put them out of the way of Steve as much as possible, and for that he is grateful.
"I know that already," Tony said, rolling his eyes.  "You don't have to remind me."
"I altered the frequency of the sensor in order to slow ionisation," Bruce murmurs, "to create an inverse Synchrotron effect. But a majority of the mesons disintegrated. I couldn't transfer the relativistic energy to the photons or the electrons would die out."
"Tony, what are you doing?" Steve said carefully, proud that his voice didn't even waver.  It was one thing to have Tony so close, but Tony pressed against him like he was now...it prompted bad thoughts.  Very bad thoughts.
"You know my dad drank," he says, a little helpless, a little mad.  "Why would you - Tony, I told you not to. I told you it's a, a hard thing for me.
Steve lowers his shield, and in turn his guard, wiping a gloved hand over his hair.  It's matted and sticks to his forehead. It's probably grimy, too. He frowns.
"Never mind." He waves a hand airily. "I don't want to take up too much of your time. I know you've got" – what
He's suddenly disgusted with himself in a way that burrows down to his bones. A complete stranger, a good and kind and selfless stranger, had taken a chance on him. No one has ever taken a chance on him before. And he hadn't earned this kindness or even deserved it.
"...Then who did?"
When the dust settles, he finally uncovers his face, propping himself up on an elbow to examine the ruins in front of him. He sees legs sticking out of the rubble and has to swallow back the nausea – like this, the zombies look almost human.
"I had it under control," Steve rasps out.  He's given up on the tubes. "Just...got distracted.  When you yelled." He feels like he needs to prove something, to himself, somehow.  That is why he says it, shoves away the blame - no other reason, and the shame wallows in his gut but he won't take it back.
because, hell, he really should have checked the backroom or at least left immediately after stocking up on supplies.
"Oh. Huh. That was easy." Tony thinks for a second. "Make it easy for me, J. Where exactly is that?"
even though he has Jane Foster so I guess that's a crushed dream right there.  Besides, at least with a kiss, I can just play it off as distracting him while getting the flag."
Perfectly harmless.
"It is two blocks away from U.S. Route 1," the AI answers. "Nearly directly across from the Rite Aid."
He settles back down on the table, but his mind churns with unease. If anything, he hopes the reason for Natasha's hatred isn't the latter.
he's grateful beyond words to have his best friend back.  But nowadays Buck spends more time in Sam's home than here, and there is such a thing as feeling lonely amongst people who
Tony exclaims, briefly forgetting that there are other people at the table. "You're the guy who figured out how to artificially age organic materials with the post-irradiation effect!"
did he put his knife, like, honestly – oh, there it is. Fingers are pulling at his hair and Tony twists around on the floor, blinking back black spots, and jams the knife all the way to the hilt into the zombie's chest.
Inside the Rite Aid, Tony props himself up on a counter, humming a little tune to himself as he stashes rolls of bandages and Neosporin into the front pouch of his pack. He's always been a restless person, twitching and moving and talking to himself, and it shows in the way he drums his fingers along the countertop and taps his feet together. Once he's all set with his haul, he looks around the Rite Aid at the looted shelves and items crushed and scattered across the floor. It's dim in here – no electricity – only lit up by the pale sunlight shining through the glass doors.
In hindsight, he thinks to himself, it's almost funny how much the apocalypse looks like what it is – an apocalypse. Global cinematography certainly pegged the stereotypes on their heads.
"Certainly," JARVIS answers, and then the soft sound of Fabrizio Paterlini trickles out of the watch.
The faces that regard him are filled with wariness and distrust. He doesn't blame them, exactly, but he wonders how much of that dislike is because of his reputation and how much of it is because he's an intruder, invading on their space and taking up their time and resources. There's a reason why people travel in smaller groups – at some point, it just becomes easier to only have to take care of yourself and a few others.
"Any one of us would do it," the blonde replied.  "That's why you're here too."
Finally, Steve types in his code and enters the shop, smiling as Tony's head jerks up in surprise.  "Hey," he says. "I brought you something."
What would their kid look and be like, if they could ever have one?  Maybe with Tony's nose and eyes and brain, and Steve's jaw and artist genes and perfect teeth.  And perhaps with a double dose of stubbornness, because they never backed down from a fight, not even when it was stupid not to.
Steve opens his mouth.
The door inches open slowly, and Tony cocks his gun, ready to put a bullet in the next zombie's head.
Steve sighed.  "It was just a kiss.  I just wasn't expecting it."
Tony grins. "Who do you think I am? Of course I can, I'm
Sure enough, as soon as Steve's vest and rifle had finally rebooted a minute later, the arena lights flickered on and a voice in the overhead speakers announced the win of the blue team.  Rejoining Natasha in the room where all of the Team Red vests and rifles hung, he was immediately confronted by her suspicious gaze.  "What happened?" Natasha questioned him as she stripped her vest off her slim body.  "I was handling Clint; I knew he was the flag-holder.  And Tony couldn't have stolen the flag from you without doing
Thor," Rhodes sighs, like he's had this conversation before.
Later on, when he's had time to think through the argument while trying to figure out exactly how and why it escalated, he'll regret saying it.  He'll curse himself, and hate himself, and wonder how he could have said something like that to his boyfriend. But in the moment, he's just angry and frustrated and suddenly tired from having to deal with Avenging and himself
Tony mocks him, backing away.  He won't turn his back on Steve, and that hurts more than it should.  "Go away, Steve. I'm busy. Working."
"Okay, any suggestions?"
"Stevie," Bucky says, and oh great, there's that soft hint of pity again that makes his hackles raise.  "When's the last time you left the apartment?"
Even with the Ultron thing, and Tony's slip from this morning, he hasn't been really been worrying himself over either.  So it should come easily to him, talking. But it doesn't, it doesn't and he doesn't know what's wrong. It feels somehow like the string tethering them together has frayed a little.
Steve laughs a little; there is what he might miss, that dry humor that is so uniquely Tony.  Sharon is funny, but she lacks the charisma that Tony has - the way it draws laughter from Steve nearly without him realizing it.
"Well, yeah." Tony shrugs his shoulders. "But I'm heading cross-country. New York's the most 'cross-country' you can get from California."
"To-ny," Rhodey said pointedly, "the guy
Tony turns his attention to the people across the table. There's Bruce, and then Natasha, and then Clint. None of them are Steve. He nods at the one empty chair with his chin. "That one's for Steve, then?"
They don't get together until a half year after the Battle of New York, and they keep their relationship under wraps, even from their teammates.  "It's easier this way," Steve says, and ignores the way something odd flits across Tony's face before disappearing. It's probably relief, because he knows how much Tony's life is in the public eye and the engineer is probably hungry for some well-deserved privacy.  "We can come out later, if you want. Once we settle down and actually establish something serious."
The guy is only twenty four, but he's already working on his fourth PhD. He bites his lip in thought. "Did you try accelerating the radiation to send electrons through the Coulombian fields? I know, I know, it's a risky idea – but if you consider mass attenuation combined with Rayleigh scattering, you could potentially strengthen a gamma beam. Then you wouldn't need to control the way the incident photons reflect electrons at all."
"G'night, JARV," Tony mumbles, and slips into a deep and dreamless sleep.
Steve felt his face redden again as he was vividly reminded of the events that had passed not more than five minutes ago.  "I...I…," he stammered, scratching the back of his neck with a hand.
"He hasn't eaten anything yet, I don't think," Natasha says.  "Bring some leftovers down for him."
Biting back a whimper of pain, Tony scrambles onto his feet and puts his fists up. He can't ditch his bag; and the zombie's standing neatly between him and the counter. He'll have to do this the hard way, then.
The man nods. His expression is reserved but not unkind. "You're awake."
He blinks slowly in the hospital room, everything still a bit slow and thick from the drugs that must be pumping into his bloodstream.  The room is near silent except for the heart monitor, which has begun to bleep a little faster, and the sound of two people breathing.
of a brilliant child now ten years old named Peter Harley Stark.  Tony Stark turns sixty-two tomorrow and his hair is very grey and his laugh lines quite pronounced, and Steve has never seen anybody who's aged so well in his life.  Tony's beauty has always had a kind of timelessness, he thinks, with that deep dark gaze betraying none of the thoughts of a mind great and complicated.  Steve himself is nearing thirty, and it is strange and sad to watch his friends and people he has come to know pass him by.  It was awful, tragic to wake up in a new era, but he still doesn't think he was in any way prepared to look in the mirror one day and realize he looks like he did fifteen years ago.
"So, Stark," Clint says, "you never answered Bruce's question. Why'd you decide to come all the way out here? I thought all the mega rich folks were cooped up in their mansions." He says
During movie nights, Tony starts to curl away from him, hugging the side of the couch instead with his knees drawn up to his chest.  Clint and Natasha notice but don't say anything - how could they, they only think Steve and Tony are friends after all - and Steve doesn't either.  He starts forgetting what it's like to see Tony laugh at him and tug his shirt to pull him in. He starts forgetting what it was like to want that.
What he's just implied hits him like a freight train and he says, helplessly,
Natasha peered at him more closely.  "What did Tony do, Steve?"  She paused.  "He didn't...did he?"  She mimed pulling down a zipper.
Tony blows himself up at a Rite Aid.
Tony shakes his head.  He reaches for something on the work table, but it's blocked by his back and Steve can't see what he's doing.  "Go
Piano music is still flowing faintly from the watch, so he places the watch next to his cheek and closes his eyes.
no less - and he had never been a happier man.
This was far closer to the truth than Steve had expected, but when he opened his mouth to adamantly deny it, he started choking and coughing, the memories of his unexpected kiss with Tony like a hairball in his throat.  Steve was no stranger to kisses - he wasn't
"Steve," Tony says - mumbles, really - as he starts the coffee machine.  The machine's high tech, just like everything else in the Tower, and normally Steve loves how Tony can make anything fascinating but sometimes it's just annoying.  Who needs an AI in the toaster? Why are there seven different buttons on the microwave?
"Maybe you should go back down to the workshop," Steve says after a lengthy bit of silence, trying to mitigate the situation.  He looks at Tony, tries to convey some sort of apology through his gaze. "I'll come down later."
Before Tony can answer, he hears a new pair of footsteps enter the room. He turns, and his breath immediately catches in his throat – because, wow, the newcomer is
"Never implied that you haven't," the assassin said lightly, eyes glinting with mirth.  "So that kiss really distracted you, hm?  Understandable, considering he's one of the top ten most eligible bachelors this year."
One time, he remembers - after the galaxy was saved and things were sorted out and everyone returned home - Bucky turned to Steve in the privacy of their new apartment and said, "Do you love Stark?"
