“No—I meant your home in New York.”
Before he crawled out of bed he sent one text message in return.
He could be patient.
And he’d lost his keys.
Castiel nodded along with his answer. “We got hot cocoa at the end of the night and he did pay for that.”
God, even just saying it out loud made the burning embarrassment come back full force. He’d been down on his fucking knees with another man’s dick in his hand. Fuck… he’d even been about to put it in his mouth and then he was rejected? Just because he said he’d never done it before? Was he really that undesirable that Arthur didn’t even want him to try? Didn’t guys like getting sucked even if it was only mediocre at best? God, even thinking back to the night Cas was now almost positive Arthur hadn’t even been fully hard.
Green eyes were suddenly peering down at him, completely lust-blown. Dean’s chest was rising and falling with what looked like great effort. His thrusts became slower, shallower. “You need to come. Come on. Touch yourself.”
If Benny knew what had happened between Dean and Cas, Dean would’ve thought it was cruel to text this to Dean but since he was reasonably sure Benny had been in the dark the whole time, he wondered if Benny was worried.
Dean’s hips rolled against his backside making his stomach swoop.
It might’ve been a little sloppier than some of the other times Cas had sucked him but seeing Cas looking up at him and hearing his friend’s own pleasured sounds were sending him racing to the edge.
“The lighting looks like stars.” Dean finally spoke into the silence between them. He had a smile on his face seeing Anna crying happy tears as her father clearly said something heartfelt to her. “Anna always loved stars, I remember how she’d always say she believed falling ones were Angels leaving heaven to come to the earth.”
“Dude I’m not good to drive and neither are you. Plus a ride tonight is going to be way too much. Everyone is having holiday parties. Prices are like sky high.”
“Jack, help me,” Sam commanded as he shifted his hold on the witch. He had her by one of her arms while his other hand held her head back against the cement column, ensuring that Rowena could get to her throat with the needle.
Castiel nodded again, remembering how Gabriel had once told him it took his mom until she was about twenty-four before she’d had enough with their parents and moved out on her own. He knew that she had still been pretty conservative for the most part but distanced herself from her parents’ beliefs. He also knew the most rebellious thing she ever did was get pregnant with him, by a man she never named. His mother was definitely a mystery to him but he still liked to know what she’d think of him.
“Turn around.”
It was only a matter of minutes before Castiel had them cleaned up and he was able to crawl back into bed into Dean’s waiting arms.
He must’ve been making too much noise because the door to his dorm room swung open and Dean stood before him looking so unfairly beautiful Cas could throw up.
With great effort he hauled himself and Dean off the floor and pulled him towards the door only to be stopped by an indignant huff of, “Keys!”
“Dad said you might want to come out for a little?”
“Was he good to you?”
“It’s wonderful isn’t it?” Cas’s eyes shone brightly with his words, his smile slowly morphed into a beam. “Sharing our lives with one another—it’s wonderful. I’m amazed at how fortunate I am getting to tell you about my days, waking up next to you each morning… making love. It’s miraculous.”
“I’m fine. Just give me some space.”
“Abandoned shopping center, fifteen miles from us.”
“No! It’s not okay.” Cas argued but complied with Dean as Dean pulled Cas’s body closer to his own.
He relaxed back into his beanbag. “I agree that their energy is released into the universe but there is no quantifiable evidence for the existence of ghosts or spirits.”
“Why?”
I hate to remind you all of this but bumpy roads will be here shortly.
And just like that, the breath was sucked from Dean’s lungs again. “Like hell you can’t! What the fuck are you thinking? Of course you’re doing this. I mean, I get it, you don’t want to lose your Grace but isn’t that better than dying?”
“I’ll look too,” Jack declared.
The cocktail hour was uncomfortable as Dean found himself hiding in a corner with a beer in his hand. No one even made the effort to come up and talk to him, not that he expected they would. He was grateful when his phone buzzed in his pocket, giving him something to do instead of standing around like a complete dumbass.
Please?
“I—“ Cas couldn’t even finish his sentence. Dean caught his husband as he fell into his chest a broken sob shaking Cas’s whole body. “My biggest fear. I can’t even... I can’t even imagine what Ellen just went through. I can’t even imagine.”
“I didn’t say anything. He just figured it out.”
He could hear it in the very distinct way that Cas said his name that the angel was about to tell him to leave, but Dean wouldn’t allow those words to come out.
I’m sorry mine isn’t as good.
He loved this new deal he and Cas had going for them and he was completely relieved that nothing felt awkward either They were as normal as ever, they still joked around, still worked on homework together, still watched the same lame TV and played video games. Nothing changed except now, Cas would ask Dean if he wouldn’t mind if he practiced his blowjob techniques on him in the middle of whatever they were watching. And it was so normal that it was making him wonder when the other shoe would drop.
“I just keep thinking that everything is going to change. None of us are going to see each other like we do now. What if we all don’t stay in touch.” Cas frowned deeply at Deans’ words because they were his fears too. “What if me and you lose touch? I just—I don’t want anything to change.”
“Thanks Sammy.”
“You really think you can be friends with an ex? Someone you’ve been… you know…
“I’m here.”
He only had a vague clue what any of that meant but made it a mental priority to have a talk with his youngest daughter about responsibility later that night.
Zoo Lights was one of Cas’s favorite attractions of the year. He loved the zoo on a regular day but when the holidays came around and the zoo went all out with lights, it was otherworldly. His love for animals and his love for Christmas lights made the attraction seem like the best idea ever. What better way to enjoy the holidays than looking at Christmas lights in the shape of animals? Sipping hot cocoa, watching the young children look at the sights in awe, while spending quality time with the people you care for?
No. Next time he tried to hook up with someone he’d know what he was doing. He would never again embarrass himself with awkward virginal fumbling. He wanted to be the type of person that partners came crawling back for… that craved him in ways he didn’t know possible. He wanted someone to be driven mad with desire for him.
“Mm? Oh—oh yeah. Yeah, it’s good.”
He woke up a little too early for the day but he decided he’d clean up a bit, eat some breakfast, and get ready… and if he was really lucky maybe he and Dean could have some ‘Pre-last-first-day-of-class sex.’ Only, it had been a while of Cas hustling and bustling around the room and his roommate still hadn’t gotten out of bed.
If Dean wanted to refuse to talk about what was clearly upsetting him, then he was going to let the other man stew in his feelings and Cas was going to just ignore it because it wasn’t fair to him.
“You won’t get to be at our wedding, you won’t get to meet your future grandchildren, and you won’t get to be welcomed into our home ever again because I swear to you that I am going to have the life I want and it
I wish…
He was still glad to be driving home. He didn’t exactly love being gone so long during the day and coming home late, since it made his time with Sammy and Cas far less than he'd prefer. But Cas had been amazing and didn’t even allow Dean to finish his sentence before insisting that he’d be thrilled to spend more quality time with the toddler. Hell, the two of them had been getting so close Dean was starting to think he wasn’t even missed at all.
Looking back at the day, Dean actually had to send a prayer up to God thanking him for giving him Cas. He hates to think what might have happened if his husband hadn’t been able to keep his wits about him during it all.
the idea of being Cas’s wingman in order for his best friend to find someone else he could experiment with. What if Dean wasn’t a perfect judge of character and found someone like Arthur for Cas to hook up with? He’d never forgive himself. He cared about the guy, and despite hearing how Cas seemed so indifferent to having sex for the first time he didn’t want Cas to just try out this new sexual side of himself with just anyone. He wanted Cas to have the right person.
Dean gnawed on his bottom lip and Castiel knew something was wrong. “Is everything alright?”
When he managed to take a breath finally, Sam looked back over to Cas. “Dude, I’m so excited.”
He should fix that tile.
"I like that too." Cas responded in awe. Dean didn’t realize he’d begun crying until his felt a tear fall from his chin. When did he become such a sap?
Dean shrugged and swiped at a few stray tears.
Confused, Cas turned towards Dean and raised an eyebrow, waiting for Dean to explain. Part of Dean didn’t even know why he’d stopped his friend but he felt himself reaching towards his right hand.
As he waited in their loungeroom for his traditional peppermint hot chocolate, Cas unlocked his phone and checked his messages, unable to contain his smile when he saw Dean’s name right away.
“I made a promise to you that I wouldn’t sleep with anyone else, Cas, and I’m not gonna just break that promise without talking to you.”
“Okay!” It was immediate that Sam woke up from excitement, he loved going over to Jo’s, mostly because she could rival some of the best when it came to video games. “De, can I stay with Aunt Jo when we get back?”
“Never felt like that before?”
“You’re a funny guy, you know that?” Just then, the bell rang. Dean placed a reassuring hand on Castiel’s shoulder, still smiling brightly. “I’ll meet you outside of your last class and we’ll go back to your place, okay?”
Castiel smiled when Dean barked out a laugh.
“I did. I did. I shouldn’t have done that. I got the signs wrong.”
His life wasn’t bad, not by any means but he always wondered if maybe in another life he could have had the whole white-picket fence, two kids and a dog, type of deal but he didn’t think that was ever really in the cards for him.
When the two boys walked into the house Dean asked, “You’ll eat dinner here right?”
“I know we haven’t been the best to you…” Gabriel admitted, looking genuinely upset about the truth to his confession. “It’s hard when we never really got a chance to know each other but, you need to know that I care about you.
“It…” He didn’t know how to word it without making it sound pathetic. He scratched the back of his neck before he spoke. “It kind of lost its appeal when… when I stopped having someone to cook for.”
He could tell something was bothering her. “What is it?” he asked.
“Who wants to do this?” Dean argued, staying grounded in the middle of the living room. “Who wants to fight with their partner and deal with unpleasant shit? I didn’t come here because I want to fight with you, I came here because we need to talk about this.”
A bit of anxiety built up in him at the question and he instantly blurted, “No.”
“Promise.”
“Excuse me?”
“The pain I watched him go through. I knew how bad it was for him, knew how he was dying in a way that no one could pull him back from because I’d died like that before too. When my Karen died I thought I’d never recover, I though I’d never know how to breathe again—and I had to watch my boy go through that feeling, all because you didn’t bother to ask him if you were wrong.
Clear frustration was in the other man’s voice and, wanting to offer his comfort, Castiel reached out, placing his hand on his friend’s shoulder as he had been for many nights.
Dean felt even more nervous now as he placed his present into Cas’s lap. It was a simple blue bag with a little penguin on the front with white paper coming out of it.
As much as Dean wanted to crawl into bed next to him and just bask in the feeling of being by Cas’s side, he needed to know what happened with the witch and wanted to check in with Sam before he got ready for bed.
But like every night, dinner had to come to an end and their mom had to go get ready for work, leaving Sam and Dean to work on their homework at the kitchen table. When she was ready to leave they met her by the front door as they always did.
“Hey Dean, I got a question for you!” She sounded like she’d had quite a few to drink, so whatever she was about to ask was probably going to be highly inappropriate. Dean groaned at Cas’s side, he never really did come around to liking her but he tolerated her for Cas’s sake. “What would happen if you and Cas broke up?” She asked bluntly.
With a gentle squeeze to Ben’s calf, he looked at the boy with sympathetic eyes, hoping Ben understood he truly was there for him.
“Yes.”
That wouldn’t do. Now that Castiel had his mind set, he was going to be unwavering in earning Dean’s friendship.
moving to line himself up with Dean’s entrance.
“Dude, that’s pretty much the size most guys are.”
“Claire, get back here and pick up your stuff.”
By the time Dean’s head hit his pillow, he’d long forgotten about his run in with the new kid earlier that day.
Bobby’s jaw clenched a few times as he pondered what to say. “You know, I thought for a while there that you were the one for him. The kid never let himself have something good. Always putting me and Sammy before himself. Making sure we were both okay first.” Bobby looked down at his lap, smiling proudly just at the thought of Dean.
“Mmm, you coming home with me?” She asked as sultrily as she could but the way her eyes seemed too heavy to stay open, it came off more like she was sleep talking.
Okay fuck you that never happened.
As if Hannah could sense his train of thought, she asked the one question Castiel had been training himself to side-step around quickly. “Do you think... would you want to make it become more?”
“You read it and write it pretty well though. You could translate written work and stuff couldn’t you?”
The final weeks of summer started creeping up on them and both boys refused to be parted for longer than they had to. Castiel now only ate dinner with his parents before he’d sneak out and spend the night in Dean’s arms.
Weakly, he sank down on the futon as he attempted to catch his breath. He didn’t care that he was butt ass naked on the couch, nor did he care to try and have some decorum and cover himself. Instead he just turned his head toward the man he called his best friend. Cas looked a little wobbly as he tried to get up off the floor.
“And what if it doesn’t?” Dean challenged. He’d be damned if he let himself believe with just a few straightforward steps they could get Cas back and make sure his angel was not on the verge of death, when in reality it was just a shot in the dark.
“Did a pretty shoddy job of it.”
Quickly, he managed to pull on his discarded boxers and made his way into the bathroom, sitting on the tile behind his friend—boyfriend, lover?—to rub his back.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean Winchester is a
“What are you doing?” Dean asked curiously, his breath still a little labored from the kiss.
To let him fix it all.
“Then we get both.” Cas said with a shrug, grabbing each box and putting them into his bag. “When the smaller one proves not to be as pleasurable, we’ll switch to the larger one.”
“Oh?” Cas laughed a bit of bitterness in his tone. “So you just think that we’d be fine being around each other, watching the other person move on with their lives? And eventually when you decide to really move on and start dating, you think I could still be your friend? Watching you fall in love with someone else?”
“Oh god, Dean, want you so bad.”
“How can we go on some month long trip just for fun when it doesn’t seem responsible? It’s just a fantasy… it doesn’t mean anything.”
Cas’s shoulders sank in on himself again and he frowned, looking even more miserable.
“He never really talked about his romantic life so maybe?”
“You mentioned the two of us going up to Bobby’s cabin sometime, right?”
“What do you mean you’re not going to tell him?”
“I already explained myself. I want you to live a happy life.”
They spent some time in Castiel’s room after Dean had insisted he be shown Castiel’s collections, ones in which Castiel didn’t choose to share with too many people for reasons he didn’t like to discuss. He knew fully that Dean was genuine in his interest, yet was still surprised when Dean asked more questions than anticipated. Still, Castiel had to be mindful about not getting caught rambling to no end about his items or else it was possible they’d never make it back downstairs for Star Wars or video games.
It wasn’t logical, obviously, but it didn’t make him want it any less, and it sure as hell didn’t make it not sting a little that he’d never have it.
For those of you who really dislike cliffhangers I'll give a few spoilers to ease your minds so stop reading if you want to wait to see what happens and stew in the angst until I get the last chapter up. :) I'm hoping to post no later than March 28th though I hope I can post sooner.
He didn’t want to have this conversation anymore. The fact of the matter was that they’d had something between them, something amazing and mutual but now they didn’t and Castiel didn’t get to be a part of Dean’s life anymore.
“That’s quite, generous of you to assist in your brother’s tuition as well.” Cas’s father spoke. “Won’t your parents be contributing the majority of it? Are you just supplying books for you both?”
“So this is my recommendation for beginners since it is a very pliable silicone and the length and width are not outrageous. Many costumers of varying experience levels and sexualities have recommended it.”
Only… how could he be?
And frankly Dean loved that Cas had a thing for nature. It was unique, something no one around Dean paid enough attention to. Earlier that day Dean was seriously entranced as Cas explained in detail the different places the flowers came from as well as gave him an entire lesson on bee pollination. Dean was almost ready to buy a ‘save the bees’ bumper sticker by the time Cas was done talking.
That was it.
“Not you too.” Dean whined. Aching knots gripped his stomached with a renewed fervor. Not even Castiel’s steady breathing (consciously or unconsciously encouraging Dean to do the same) helped the panic inside him.
“Sure, whatever, it doesn’t matter.”
“Just email it to me.”
Drifting his eyes away from the screen because let’s be real nothing is worse than watching people have unenthusiastic, bad sex, Dean nearly had a heart attack. It was then that he noticed a figure drop down in front of him.
Cas still seemed unsure of Dean was joking or not but slumming it around the dorm for three days seemed to be an okay idea for him since he bargained, “You’re making the popcorn
“Dean?” Castiel’s eyes grew wide seeing the sight of a winded, huffing, Dean in his living room. “What are you doing here?”
Sat, Nov 25, 2017 6:02
Wanting more but not knowing what that more was, he moved so his hands braced on Dean’s thighs and his feet planted on either side of Dean’s hips on the couch cushion.
For years Dean had known these eyes, the eyes that encouraged him, advised him, trusted him, sometimes even scolded him but the eyes he saw right now were his favorite; these eyes calmed him, something in their gaze made him want to be caught in them forever. He couldn’t allow himself to think such thoughts anymore, especially not today.
“You’re the one who chooses to spend time with all your friends there at least once a week, if not daily,” he tried to tease, but he was still smiling.
Days went by and Castiel waited for Dean to say something about spilling their secret, then a week had passed, yet not a word was spoken. Leave it to Sam Winchester to know his brother well enough to not broadcast the fact that the love-sick angel was watching over Dean each and every night.
because it was probably in the top best things that had ever happened to him.
that would make it clear Cas wasn’t just taking a shot in the dark.
“He’s just a giant chicken shit,” he said instead of teasing his brother. Sam seemed appalled by Dean’s answer nonetheless.
“Talk about this?” Dean wrung his fingers through his hair. He was so angry at Cas for not trusting him… for shutting him out because of something he never did. “You didn’t talk to me for a year! A whole fucking year Castiel! You shut me out, not the other way around.”
His heart rate picked up a little watching the muscles of Cas’s back shift as he pulled up his pants and tied them off. Warmth started to fill his belly just thinking about getting Cas all the way out of his pajamas—why wear them around anymore anyway? It’d be so much easier if they both just came home and were naked all the time, right?
“I’m not fully…”
Damn, he missed having his brother around all the time. As much as they’d pick on each other and as much as Sam could be a snot-nosed brat at times, he was Dean’s closest friend growing up.
“Yeah?” Dean looked elated by Cas’s answer. “Good. Good. Okay.”
Dean was
He didn’t waste his time kicking the shit out of the back door and running in there guns-a-blazing, aiming near her feet and around her to spook her just a bit. But as he predicted the moment she caught a glance at him, he was thrown across the room and slammed into the drywall.
“Sure, I can look over it,” Cas agreed kindly. “Is it due soon?”
I’ll meet you with it.
“Scrooge.”
They were on the edge, just a little bit more and Dean would be tumbling over. He picked up the speed of his hips and reluctantly let Cas start to stroke himself the way he needed.
“I bought the tickets—for the exchange. It was my gift.”
“Did I mean what?” Cas asked slowly, trying to remember what the hell he’d even said just moments ago. “What I said to him? Of course I meant it. He’s always been undeserving of you but if he thinks that he has any right to just parade in here and act like he deserves to have you back then he’s even more inane than I thought.”
Cas looked down at him in awe, like he couldn’t believe he had Dean there with him. “I love you too. More than anything in this universe, my beloved.”
Cas figured this was already off to a better start than he’d expected. At least there was no shotgun in his face. “May I come in?”
Each day leading up to their wedding Cas had prayed to all things in high heaven that it wouldn’t actually happen, that Dean wouldn’t marry a man so immature. A man—a
“You tell me what you want and I’ll give it to you.”
before he was going to pop the question, only a few weeks before their three year anniversary, everything had gone to hell.
“Why are you smiling at Dada?”
“You’re going to shut the hell up now.” Dean all but growled as he said it. “Cas hasn’t done a damn thing to deserve this from you, no matter what stupid ass arguments you come up with. The way you’re treating him is disgusting.”
“Some of them do, and obviously Vic knows but he hasn’t said anything I don’t think. I just… I couldn’t get a read on some of them and didn’t know if they’d be okay with it you know? I just… I didn’t want them to treat me any differently.”
” he exclaimed dramatically, “we showed up here and saw you two like
Nose to nose, Dean wanted so badly for Cas to close the last inch of space between them. He wanted Cas to be the one to seal it between them and show Dean that he wasn’t the only one completely in over his head. Dean wanted to be the brave one but with the chance just centimeters away he willed Cas to know how he felt and to be the one to take the final leap.
“Fork ‘em over, cavity brain.”
“Excuse me?”
Why did he need to hear what their teachers said when they called? It wasn’t like the schools ever called Cas, no, Dean was always their first choice, Dean was always the one people went to when they had to reach out to a parent. Cas was always second choice, so why bother?
Even a month later Castiel could still proudly call Dean his friend. He even took to calling Sam, Charlie, and Jo his friends as well.
He wanted it so bad.
“Hmm?”
“Dean, I think we’ll be fine. It’s two weeks.”
Castiel was immensely grateful that he’d at least have Hannah and Gabriel as buffers and if worse came to worse he could escape to the Winchester’s house.
“And?”
“Sure, what’s up?”
this was the moment he was going to lose the other boy. This was going to be the worst moment of his entire life not being able to call Dean his friend anymore. His heart howled in anguish inside his chest.
They fucked up and Cas was gone. This Grace had nowhere to lead them because it had no final destination.
“A dare’s a dare, right?” His nerves were evident in his voice but the look on Dean’s face told him that he wanted this too. That he wasn’t making a fool of himself. “Are you going to make me be the only one skinny dipping?”
Apparently she had an argument with her family and didn’t want to go back. It’s no big deal. I’ve slept here before.
Castiel opened the first door on his left only to discover that the room was empty. He closed it behind himself and took a few more steps down the hall. He peered his head into Anna’s open door, finding her on her bed watching sometime on her laptop. She was unaccompanied. Where was Hannah? His red-headed sister locked eyes with him immediately, looking suspicious—or maybe that was just her face, Castiel was still trying to figure her out. He didn’t want to presume that just because she’d not said anything rude to him in over a month that everything was smoothed over, so he stepped out of her room with a kind, “I apologize.”
Cas’s hips were wriggling on the bed and Dean could see the way his cock was practically begging to be touched.
Dean too looked at the time on his phone his face screwing up when he saw it. “The bell isn’t going to ring for another five minutes?”
"Can we all sleep in here?" Sammy asked so sweetly. Even if it made Dean want to groan, knowing how bad his and Cas’s backs would feel the next morning, he knew Cas wouldn’t say no to Sam’s enthusiasm.
“No shit? If your dad isn’t a crazy fan then why does he need two… three… five different sets of 104 books?”
With no shame Dean took a few pictures of his aching cock, sending one with it laying against his belly and another of his hand wrapped around the base of it.
“Castiel your father doesn’t care for you.” Naomi scoffed. “He’ll be glad to be rid of you, so don’t bother asking him. Let’s go.”
I need your thoughts!
They’d been at it for a while, who knows how long, and Dean wasn’t about to deny Cas’s request. He pulled back just enough to get his hand in between them and start stroking Cas in time to his thrusts.
And if Dean hadn’t already been struggling to breathe that voice would have done him in. The deep gravely voice hadn’t changed one bit, not that Dean really expected it too. It’d just been so long since he’d heard it that he was almost starting to forget the way it sounded... it hurt more hearing that voice again than Dean imagined it would have.
“Is it alright if I sit here,” he whispered in question, “the chair is uncomfortable.”
“Heya, Cas.”
They hadn’t talked much about things they’d like to try and Cas wasn’t sure if Dean was even interested in waking up to a blowjob, though the thought was on Cas’s mind, and he’d bet all his tuition on the fact that Dean would like it, he still wasn’t sure. Not wanting to do something Dean didn’t want, he shook Dean’s leg, earning only a slight snuffle from his friend.
“That should be enough,” Rowena commented once the glowing liquid filled the tube “We unfortunately can’t put her down just yet.”
man, Mother. He is caring and loyal and funny and he takes better care of the people around him than anyone I’ve ever met. He’s the hardest worker I’ve ever met—he will do absolutely anything to ensure that is family is safe and happy even if it’s a burden on himself. He constantly puts others before himself. Knowing him he’d throw himself in front of a train for
Yes, he was. He was a good man through and through
Maybe it was what Dean called ‘The Magic of Christmas’ or maybe it was just Dean himself but Castiel had never felt a more warming feeling deep in his core. There was something about the night that made him never want it to end. Something made it feel special.
“Yes. Please,” Cas panted. So Dean did what he needed to. He slid the toy nearly all the way out before pressing back in, doing his best to imitate what he would do if he were the one inside of his friend. “Oh whoa.” Cas said immediately. Dean continued with his movements and Cas continued with his stunned vocalizations. “Oh whoa… that’s… whoa.”
“I believe I can tether Castiel’s Grace at its current state and block it from diminishing further. This would allow us to kill the witch and keep his Grace from depleting. It would be weak and it would not recharge with the connection to the host broken but it would allow him time to decide what to do with the rest of it.”
Dean didn’t necessarily seem grumpy but it was clear he wasn’t thrilled by it. “What?” he asked sounding vaguely annoyed.
He still wasn’t good. Sometimes he wasn’t really okay, but it wasn’t getting worse either.
“Regardless, it was a fun time.” Before Dean could argue any further Cas changed the subject.  “Oh Dean, you know what was weird? We bumped into Benny at one point on the street and he and Hannah were actually talking.”
was the one who’d gotten too attached over Cas losing his virginity but it wasn’t like he could go back now. And Lord, help him he didn’t want to.
His mind raced with too many thoughts. The gravity of what he was going to do, the relief that Cas would be by Dean’s side for the rest of his life, the worry that somehow this tether would stir up thoughts and feelings that Dean wanted to keep locked away—but mostly comfort knowing that Cas wasn’t dying now. He wasn’t going anywhere because Dean had a way to keep him safe.
“What?”
He could feel the thickness of the toy moving in and out of him. He could feel the way Dean’s palm smoothed up and down his spine. He could feel the sheets beneath his fingertips, the sheets that had soaked up the smell of the man he craved. He let the sensations sink into his skin and he allowed himself to pretend that Dean felt as enraptured by this as he was.
When Cas’s back arched into the new sensations and a guttural moan emanated from his body, Dean lost himself. He drove in faster than he had before, needing to hear those sounds again and Cas didn’t disappoint.
As her head tilted back, Dean could see the hint of vulnerability in her eyes but it was quickly masked by her unhinged glare.
“What’s wrong? What’s going on?”
Dean knew it’d piss Cas off more but he still walked away down the hall and towards the living room.
“Hannah is already telling Cas he’s going out, so you better get your shit together too. This Friday…. we’ll go to Coyote Ugly just for you.”
He hadn’t been brave at all apparently, he’d just been stupid.
“She told me I needed to stay with my father until I became ‘normal.’ I believe those were her words.”
It was a Thursday. He came home to find Cas’s bags packed and loaded up into the back of his car. Cas had said merely three sentences to Dean before walking out the door of their home. Dean had ran after him. Of course he had. He’d begged, and pleaded, and sobbed—down on his knees—for Cas to just explain what he did wrong. To tell him what the hell he did.
“Thank you, Sammy,” he said with emotion thick in his voice. His brother looked at him with complete understanding and squeezed Dean’s shoulder with a nod of his head.
“Okay.”
More numbers were called, gifts were stolen, profanities were shouted, relationships were put on thin ice over the gifts people deemed the most worthy. Eventually it was Dean’s turn.
He woke up to the sound of the air conditioning kicking on. He’d only grabbed less than five hours of sleep but he felt refreshed.
“How’d you know?”
“Yeah.”
It’d been forever.
I want, kiddo. What I really want is to have a place for you to still call home whenever you come around. I know you might think it limits me but it’s what I want. You’re not going to change my mind. Okay? Your home is here and so that’s where I’ll stay.”
She was waiting for them impatiently at the end of her driveway that was mysteriously devoid of any other cars apart from her own.
“Just face it Charles, you’re not cut out for father material. It’s why none of your other kids want anything to do with you.”
Silently he turned to remove himself from the bed to make it back to the chair, but a frustrated growl kept him from moving.
They both dropped the towels on the floor as they walked into their living space, Dean’s nerves suddenly coming back with a full force as Cas took in the sight of the futon in the middle of the room.
“I wasn’t. I never would have done that to you.” Dean’s words were rich with honesty as he bore into those dejected eyes.
He called the first person he knew could help.
“Or you just struck out one too many times and knew to throw in the towel.”
It’s interesting. I don’t really feel it unless I move.
Did his husband just not care?
A dark corner of Cas’s mind filled with worry, telling him he hadn’t been keeping his promises. He hated that he might not be. One of his biggest struggles was not being able to forgive himself for his wrongdoings and he knew he was messing up so much right now.
Noticing her friend’s cups were out and they were looking at her like little puppies, she rolled her eyes and hauled herself up and made her way to the counter.
Anna again tried to pick a fight. “So you say it’s only a coincidence that your kids’ names are in the story, but you’ve included Michael, Lucas, Raphael, me, and even Mom into the stories. Why aren’t Castiel and Hannah in them yet?”
“I’ll take care of her.”
“Dean, you’re acting weird.” Sam exclaimed, making Dean scoff under his breath.
With one more failed attempt to get revenge on his friend, Dean chucked his controller onto the ottoman, officially throwing in the towel.
Dean already knew that Cas was something special. And it wasn’t just that the dude spoke his mind or struggled with sarcasm. It wasn’t even that he always asked questions to try and understand pretty much everything. Cas was just… Cas.
“Do you have soda?”
He realized now just how much he’d let it all get to him.
Dean laughed a little. “Can you form real words?” Cas pulled his arm away from his face and finally looked over to Dean. The look Dean was giving him was a bit unreadable at the moment but Cas smiled softly at his green-eyed friend anyway.
Was that true? Did his father want to see him more growing up? Castiel could remember the times he’d been allowed to visit with his father. More often than not Chuck came out to New York and spent one weekend with him a month, or on the very rare occasion would take Castiel back here for the weekend to see his brothers and sisters. Now having had months to get to know the man, the sad, quiet person Castiel had just associated with his father made more sense—he’d wanted to see Castiel more but couldn’t.
He knew that if he asked, Dean would likely say that his best friends could be listed in order as: Sam, Charlie, Benny, Jo, Kevin, and Ash, based on what Castiel observed as his interactions with all of them.
Their hug must have lasted an eternity because suddenly Mary’s voice broke into the moment.
over it since he knew what he was getting into from the beginning.
Dean had to fight the instinct to take the shock in Cas’s voice personally. Of course, he wouldn’t go around sleeping with other people if he and Cas had this arrangement going on. He might not be a saint but he’d never been one to sleep with multiple people at a time. Plus, he’d never put Cas at any sort of risk of contracting something, no matter how much protection Dean always used with other partners.
Two weeks later and Dean was still his friend.
“See, that shit is unfair.” Dean exclaimed, waving his burger in the air. “Like how am I expected to know how to do all that adult shit. I’ve never done my own taxes. I don’t really know what a mortgage is. I don’t know how to open a freaking savings account. Like how can society just expect me to know this shit when we weren’t taught any of it in school?”
The self-imposed distance between them reminded him of the early days of watching over Dean as he slumbered, when he’d once used to sit on the chair Dean kept near the end of his bed. Once, Dean had woken up in the middle of the night and seen him there. The furrow of the hunter’s brow and the annoyed
He had to chuckle at the monotone way Cas delivered that sentence. He looked over at their friend and waited for Benny to pick his jaw off the ground because, yeah, Benny and Dean were definitely like-minded when it came to these things. Cas’s dad managed to sack a porn star? It wasn’t that Gabriel was bad looking but he was shorter than even Cas and usually dressed pretty goofy but he was funny as hell so Dean wagered that helped a lot.
“I have some homework, if you wouldn’t mind.” Dean shrugged his shoulders at that. “But we don’t have to.”
Dean’s look was still that of confusion but he shook it from his features a moment later and smiled down at Cas again.
Later in the car Emma swore up and down that she didn’t know she had homework, that she didn’t remember she had a reading log, and that she didn’t know she needed Cas to sign anything every night.
Claire and Cas didn’t ever make it back downstairs but Dean didn’t think much of it. The emotional day Claire had, had probably taken a toll and he didn’t blame her if she wanted to probably hole up in her room for a little. And Cas was probably deep in a new book or something nerdy like that.
“Yeah. No girls. I’m not dating.”
"I wasn't." Dean lied. But why did it matter if he did? Why did Cas care if he were ordering another?
Dean’s groan was all the response he needed but Cas relished in the words Dean mouthed against his neck when his head drooped down to press into the crease between his neck and shoulder. “You feel so fucking incredible.”
All he could do was hope upon hope that somehow Cas would start to want more—that he’d ask Dean to be more intimate, to cross those invisible lines that were somehow drawn without either of them knowing.
It was around that time that Castiel had noticed the banging from out their back doors. He knew his parents had mentioned hiring a boy to fix up their dock that had been looking a little too unkempt for his parents liking. The housekeeper who had been looking after their home the past three years while they hadn’t bothered to visit had been promptly fired for reasons Castiel will not understand—it’s not like his parents really cared for this place, so who actually cared if a few planks had gotten loose and the railing was falling apart a little? No one ever really used the place. They only came out every few years, just to go back home to boast about their gorgeous lake house that cost them more than seemed necessary.
That would be enough. He hoped.
“Then may I hug you Dean? Would that help?”
He knew he was never getting Dean back and that no one would ever compare to him. He figured that maybe the only way to get past the knot in his stomach and the feeling that he’d probably end up alone was to just get back out there and do something stupid.
Once the laundry door was shut Dean hoisted his husband up on top of the dryer and started pressing open mouth kisses up and down Cas’s neck. There was something thrilling about knowing he was probably going to go down on his man with their family in the other room, like they were teenagers trying their damnedest not to get caught. He felt young and wild again and he loved it.
With those thoughts, he can’t resist pulling Cas down into a searing kiss, trying his damnedest to erase the worries from his husband’s mind. He refused to let Cas get far as they pulled away from one another.
Dean could feel Cas’s eyes boring into the side of his face. For a moment he thought Cas was gearing up to list all of Dean’s redeeming qualities in order to make Dean stop seeing himself so negatively until Dean relented—something Cas use to do on the regular when they were together. But they weren’t together and Cas didn’t care enough about him to say anything. Instead Cas changed the subject.
Castiel didn’t mind the silence as much as the others seemed to believe he did. If the looks of concern were anything to go by, the other occupants of the bunker truly believed he and Dean were experiencing a falling out. Perhaps it made sense for them to believe such a thing, as they hadn’t known either of the Winchester brothers for long nor Dean’s penchant for the overdramatic when he was upset.
Dean nodded along dumbly to what Cas was saying. It sounded reasonable. He just needed to know more… “What all do you want to learn?”
How did he not bother to check the calendar for weeks?
“I wont forget.”
He was relieved from his inner worries when Charlie loudly yelled over the various conversations. “Yo! Who’s up for a presents?”
He wasn’t planning on taking things quickly, no, he wanted to take it as slow as he could for as long as he could. He wanted Cas to crumble in his arms as Dean sank into him over and over, in every position they could manage until their legs were trembling and their skin was covered in sweat.
Dude Sammys snoring so fuckin’ loud
Cas wanted so badly to give them a shot but he wanted Dean to say
Hannah says hi
“We don’t know what this thing is,” Dean stated gravely, “Let’s just go together and gank this asshole.”
“Yeah, you’re right.” Cas fell into Dean’s embrace and smiled over at the crowd of people. “How’d you manage to keep this a secret?”
Castiel snapped back into himself.
The two of them ended up in a fit of laughter once Gabriel banged his head into the cabinet trying to catch the food, but it ended up with him tugging Castiel into a hug.
To distract himself, he pulled up a map of the surrounding area, looking for somewhere secluded and outdoors, per the orders Rowena dictated just then. With what looked like a batch of woods right behind the motel, Dean helped Rowena grab all her things and started heading out the door.
Fuck! The fucking headphones.
That night he was showered with thousands of kisses as Castiel murmured ‘thank you’ over and over against his bare skin.
His fiancé had left.
Maybe he was torn.
“No.”
Dean must’ve been waiting for something else to come out of Cas but soon realized waiting was pointless. He pulled the car into reverse and muttered under his breath, “Okay then, grumpy pants.”
“Come on, Cas. I know you wanna,” Dean pleaded in his ear, letting the playfulness in his tone give Cas the choice to say no if he really wanted to.
Before his mother could prepare a retort, heavy feet were suddenly bounding down the hallway from the front door and into the entrance of the living room. Castiel turned towards the sound, unable to get a word out before the intruder was speaking.
While he stared at the picture, wondering if he’d ever be the one to make that smile happen again, a text popped up on his screen.
Cas liked that he got to be around this side of Dean when very few others could. Dean always found himself leading conversations, staying animated and lively to make sure no one was left out in social gatherings. He’d go round and round talking to everyone and making them laugh, never leaving room for silence. It was something Dean felt compelled to do, he’d once told Castiel, because if Dean could steer conversation then it meant no one could ask him too many questions and that meant not needing to divulge parts of his past he’d rather leave unsaid.
“Goodbye Jo, we miss you,” Cas chimed in, getting Dean to turn the phone around towards him. “Tell Ash and the boys we miss them as well.”
“No it wouldn’t,” Cas disagreed.
What followed the most unbelievable night of his life had been some of the most heartbreaking days of his life.
He knew he shouldn’t eavesdrop but he needed to hear what they were saying. He needed to know if he had to run because he would. He’d run as far and as fast as he could the minute his father said he had to go because if he was being forced to leave he’d at least find a way to see Dean one last time. At least Dean would want him.
“What is it?” Cas asked, maneuvering around where Dean was attempting to block the short hallway from their bathroom to their living space.
His friend smiled and showed off the store shopping bag that had a few items in it. “Dean! The lady has been showing me so many things. I had no idea that there were such specific items. Did you know they make anal plugs with tails on them?”
He’d just been… itching lately for… something. Every day he just found himself wanting and wanting… wanting things he’d never had before. He was twenty-one years old and…
He worried that maybe he was muddling friendship feelings with romantic ones but when he thought of his feelings towards Sam, Charlie, Jo, Benny, Ash, or even Kevin none of those feelings remotely compared to the way Castiel always felt excited to see Dean every day. They didn’t come close to the way Dean made him calm down when he was overwhelmed or how he could make Castiel smile when he was feeling overworked. Something about Dean anchored him and made him feel… normal.
One by one their friends started arriving and the bar grew steadily more crowded. It was great seeing their faces again even if it had only been a few weeks that he’d seen some of them. In their late teens to young twenties none of them thought, even for a second, that there would come a time when life became too hectic to take time out for friends. Now, finding the occasional day to all be in one place felt like a huge feat.
“It wouldn’t have changed how I feel. You can sleep with—”
“Wake up.” Dean’s lips hovered just out of reach, and with each centimeter Castiel tried to move forwards, those perfect lips evaded him.
Sun, Nov 26, 2017 7:36
“Yeah. I’m happy with this too.”
“What?” Dean looked up shocked, “Oh, yeah. I’m good. Just thinking.”
Why then, in that small Roman hotel room, did Dean feel the need to confess that? He didn’t know, and quite frankly it didn’t matter why. What he did know was that each time he told himself he couldn’t fall in love anymore, his heart proved him wrong, growing in size with each kiss, each touch, each fight, each small moment until he was sure it was going to explode.
Even during his time as a human when dreams had been wildly new and often terrifying, there was something about the human mind’s ability to process information and the intricacies of life that still intrigued him—fascinated him. For some, dreams were filled with desires: wealth, fame, and power, yet for others they were filled with love and joy. Some were even as simplistic as peaceful solitude, fishing alone in the quiet peace of the day with no monsters, no life threatening circumstances, just peace.
“You wanna have sex with me?”
Castiel wasn’t as certain. “Can you just think on it?” he asked, looking worn.
His gut knew something was wrong immediately, but Dean himself didn’t want to believe it. He heard a voice inside his head trying to tell him Cas was just sleeping deeply but a louder, more intimidating voice was screaming that something was really, very, wrong.
He couldn’t hear what Hannah was saying on the phone, just heard Dean repeating words and then saying goodbye.
Cas opened and closed his mouth, not sure what to say to that. He knew he messed up, knew he had to have broken Dean’s heart so deeply that Sam and Bobby would be rightfully pissed at him but he didn’t think that warranted keeping them getting back together a secret. “So you’re just not going to tell them?”
The blob of light stayed unmoving, taunting all of them for being stupid enough to believe it would work.
Dean and Cas shared a look of mutual disbelieve in their friends’ antics—their two friends circling around each other but clearly not willing to make the first move. If only those two could get their acts together then everyone else around them could suffer a little less.
All Cas had to do was ask.
“No. Of course I didn’t meet anyone.” Cas replied dismissively, as if it were unheard of for people to meet at a club and hit it off. Dean didn’t understand. He knew that they owned a mirror, Cas couldn’t be that blind, could he?
“Maybe I just want to hear it out loud? That you wouldn’t hate me…. Or Sam… if we said something like that to you.”
course though him just looking down at Cas in that moment but he tried to tamper it down, not wanting to fuck with those types of emotions at the moment. He had a job to do, and that job involved getting a fake dick up his friend’s ass until his friend came as hard as possible.
Summer ended and Castiel’s heart ached in his chest as he had to drive away that morning. Dean had run over for one final goodbye and neither of them could keep the tears at bay. Hushed words were spoken between frantic kisses and Castiel promised over and over that he’d call in one week, once he’d gotten settled into his first week of college and was able to purchase his first cell phone.
He added a red heart to the end of his message.
But Dean wasn’t hearing any arguments, even as Rowena spewed off some witchy mumbo jumbo Dean tuned it all out.
“Does it feel right to you now?”
“No. I like hanging out with you,” he replied, nudging Cas with his elbow.
He found himself asking one of the two people he could ask for advice about this.
Dean dropped down next to Cas, wedging himself between the back of the futon and where Cas was laying on his back—a tight fit no doubt.
And okay, maybe it was their normal but it was starting to make Dean wonder if there were any other friends out there who finger fucked their best friends after getting an extremely sloppy blowjob from said friend.
“Are you sure?” It didn’t seem like Dean to turn away some food, especially food he could snack on later when he was hungry.
“I apologize.”
“F-fine. It’s fine. And yours?”
“And I just… I just wanna say Cas that I’m so thankful that I met you and married you—and that you were still willing to marry me even after I made a big scene about it the first time you asked.” He paused to let the laughter in the room calm down.
“It’s perfectly—“ Cas began but was cut off as Dean opened the rear passenger door and pulled out a familiar jacket.
“I know. Then we can come back here and celebrate?”
Cas didn’t look like he fully believed Dean, but he was still appreciative of the words his friend spoke.
“This is our last winter break of college. We have one more semester after this and then we’re done.” The thoughts seemed to really trouble Dean which took Cas aback.
Sometimes, like tonight, Dean’s eyes would flutter open and he’d look so intently down at Castiel that Cas’s heart would pound wildly in his chest. Sometimes, like tonight, Dean would reach out for Cas’s hand and rest in against his heart as he steadily rocked down on Cas’s cock. Sometimes, like tonight, he’d whisper over and over the same three words.
He sobered quickly and looked Castiel in the eye. “Did you know he had two good girls way before you?” Castiel nodded an affirmation when Bobby paused. “Thought he was gonna marry one of the them too—Cassie her name was. But when I asked him why he never did, he just said that it didn’t felt right. Something was
“Jody’s been wondering if he’s going to come for winter break this year.”
“Should I think of one to give you?”
He stared at the large oak door, the one he vividly remembers battling with Dean over—Dean had insisted they go with oak but Castiel thought mahogany was the better choice. In the end Castiel couldn’t say no to Dean’s wishes, he loved seeing that proud smile that always crossed his love’s face.
The cable at the house was currently down and the internet seemed to be running slower than molasses. He was damn near ready to take a nap just to have something to do, when his phone chimed.
It was with constant reassure and a lot of
He was only a little ashamed he let his dick take the driver seat in replying to Cas. He practically jumped off the couch in his haste to get out of this house and back to where an insanely amazing blowjob was awaiting.
“You didn’t do anything, Cas.”
With dinner cleaned up, Dean felt anxious to make the rest of the night good. The dorm was mostly cleaned up, though he wished he would’ve had the forethought to try to make it a little nicer.
“Still, no one else needs to know.” He asserted. “I’ll be more discreet, I swear.”
“Yes?” He answered unsurely. He typically only drank water, tea, or juices as his mother never kept soda around. Dean seemed to take his answer as an affirmative though and moved on to another one.
All the negative thoughts that had been clawing at Cas’s heart since Meg opened her damn mouth were suddenly quieted. Castiel stood there in utter astonishment, silently thanking God for sending him Dean Winchester. “Yeah, I capiche.” He whispered back, feeling a few traitorous tears trying to escape.
Dean had looked like a deer in headlights and it was only a matter of time before the man ran out of their dorm without a word so Castiel came out and asked, “Where’re you going?”
“Dean?” Sam asked, still looking in the direction Cas had run off in. “What the fuck just happened? What’s going on?”
“It’s alright,” Dean teased.
A surge of emotion hit him and Dean tried not to let himself get misty eyed. “Miss you too, kid. Text me okay?”
Cas looked over at his best friend who was blushing scarlet. “You bake?”
Cas knew but ignored it anyway. “Forgive me. Might I try and thank you properly?”
He knew there wasn’t anyone he trusted more explicitly than Dean.
So, Cas tried to bring him down to his peasant level.
stop being so cute
“She’s very fortunate to have a son like you. What you had to go through… it—it’s so unfair. Parents are supposed to be the people who love and care for you, not the people who cause you so much pain. I wish you never had to go through that. I wish your father could have been a better man.”
“You’re trying to tell me you think that freaking little green Martians are more possible than ghosts?”
Nope. Dean Winchester was actually a good kid. At least that’s what Mrs. Mosley told him every time he helped her unload her groceries on Sunday mornings. People who really knew him would probably agree with that too. He got good grades (mostly… biology just was not clicking for him), he had a tight ring of friends he’d known most of his life, he kissed his mama goodbye every day, and he made it his own personal mission to make sure his family was always okay.
“You do know! Please just tell me. I can’t read your mind!”
“Come to the bed.” He said lightly, guiding Cas over to his bed. When Cas was under Dean’s covers a few pain relievers were popped into his hand. “Take these.” Dean said, followed by a command of, “Water” and “Lay down.”
“Are you trying to tell me you now like vegetables or something?” She was smirking at him like she was thoroughly amused by his yammering.
Without another word Jack set off towards another area of the bunker leaving Cas to wander the halls in search of an unoccupied area.
And even though Hannah seemed to think that “going all the way” would make everything hurt more for Castiel somehow… he couldn’t find it in himself to agree with her. Sex didn’t make people grow that much more attached to people, did it? Surely people had casual sex all the time… there had to be other people in the world who lost their virginities to people and didn’t grow insurmountably attached to their sexual partners.
That’s how his brother saw him?
“I do.”
“Dean…”
“Hello?”
Castiel turned the cover of the book in his hand towards Dean. “I’ve just started the Hobbit. I’m sure you’ve heard of it.”
“No! Hell no. I’d never do that.”
wanted you to feel like that. I’m sorry I haven’t been putting you first.”
“Please? I’d like… I’d like to save your gift for last if you don’t mind.” Maybe Dean wasn’t reading it right, but he could have sworn that the look in Cas’s eyes was a bit of fear. Did Cas think that Dean was mad he wouldn’t get to open his present until last?
His dad harrumphed on the other end. “Classes getting harder?”
“Yeah.” Dean confirmed, pulling Cas tighter against his side. “Almost two years now.”
All they needed to do was extract Grace from the witch who was killing him and it would guide them to Cas like a beacon?
The moment the door clicked shut behind them, Sam seemed to be done holding his tongue.
Sam had been nervous that Cas wouldn’t understand or appreciate the gift and had asked Dean at least ten times if he should get something else. Dean knew that Cas would love it though and the way his friend was holding the small gift in his hands showed that he’d been right.
“Dude, if you could make it straight the first time I wouldn’t have to keep fixing it.”
Castiel knew by those words that he could consider Dean his best friend.
He was brought out of his melancholy when he felt a hand on his shoulder as he walked down the hallway towards his next class that day. Slowing his walk, he gazed at the taller figure next to him.
“Sam,” Dean went to start but Sam cut him off quickly.
He traced his thumb over the soft hairs of Dean’s forearm, praying that Dean suddenly didn’t realize their proximity and pull away. “I admire the lengths you’re willing to go for those in your life and I…. I really appreciate that I’ve found my way into those you’d be willing to defend.
Two months.
He couldn’t say it yet but he could make love to Cas and make it the best he’d ever given the other man and maybe by the end of it the words would just fly off his tongue.
From distrust, to betrayal and back they’d broken and repaired their friendship more than Dean knew was possible but somehow even through all of it, the way he saw Cas hadn’t changed. He knew then, in his gut that this wouldn’t change how he saw his angel. Cas would be weaker, he’d never be able to do what he once had all those years ago in a barn, but he’d be safe and
He wasn’t sure if he’d want to return any of the favors but he did know he wanted Cas to stick around, and he really,
“We have time right? To find him?”
“I know. I’m sorry.” Castiel felt nervous. He didn’t want to annoy Dean with always asking if they were friends so he felt it best to explain himself. “I simply don’t know how to tell if someone sincerely wants to be friends with me. I haven’t had much luck in the past.”
Sammy moved to push out a chair for their friend. “Hey Cas!”
Cas laughed against Dean’s chest. “I’m taking it that you enjoyed yourself?”
He could imagine himself remembering this night for a long time to come.
He blamed it on the fact it was Christmas and that all holiday movies had instilled that you
Pure annoyance flared up inside him again.
“You’re so beautiful.” Castiel couldn’t help but whisper. He felt emotion flooding to the surface and had no doubt tonight might bring some tears.
Cas smirked. “I do believe lying is a sin.”
“It was mostly really good.”
“Nonsense. I’m telling you to come over whenever you want.”
Looking around Cas finally registered the dozens of other people looking at them like they were about to put on the worlds more unwanted porno and he knew he didn’t want to test to see if Ellen’s threat was a bluff.
do them.”
It was a little bittersweet to see this side of his family. In part he wished he had been able to grow up in it since he’d been the only one to miss out on years of gatherings… years of shared jokes and stories. But on the other hand, realizing that he had a chance to get to know them now and be a part of a family (at least in regards to his father, Gabriel, Hannah, and Anna) who wanted him, it felt nice. Exciting even.
Despite knowing the barest version of the story after asking Charlie once in class, Castiel just wanted an excuse to hear Dean tell the story. He adored the way the other boy always spoke animatedly, adding in sound effects and hand motions to emphasize dramatic events.
The zoo was everything he’d anticipated but so much more. No longer was it just a fantasy to hold Dean’s hand but a reality, one that didn’t end even as they drove home that night. To his delight he didn’t even have to wait to find the mistletoe lights to steal a kiss from Dean because without even asking his boyfriend would pull him in and press his hot chocolate flavored lips to Cas’s and smile. And each and every time, Castiel couldn’t help but marvel at the fact that this man was finally his—this man with the snowflakes settling so softly over his coat and hat, making him look like a winter dream.
“Yeah, yeah, go do that. I’ll see you in the morning.”
“What if—what if my soul—”
“Cas, you should want to be with someone you care about, especially for your first time.”
Again, Dean felt a bout of shame wash over him and he looked around the place. Piles of empty takeout containers were littering the coffee table. Throw pillows and blankets were in complete disarray on the floor and couch. There was a noticeable layer of dust covering most of the flat surfaces. The kitchen had dirty dishes piled up, the trash was due to be taken out, and Dean’s pretty positive he hadn’t mopped in a couple of months.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Don’t be sorry, I’m just teasing you.” Dean replied with a wide grin. He didn't want the new kid to think Dean was insulted that he didn't notice him. But the new kid didn't look back at Dean with a smile, instead after hearing Dean’s words he looked up and squinted his eyes, a deep head tilt accompanying the action as if he were trying to determine how Dean’s words were a tease.
“They’re different?”
There was a long, very poignant pause between them. Dean’s eyes stayed on his brother’s face, wondering what the hell Sam was thinking. By the looks of it, Sam wasn’t thinking anything positive.
I’m happy. Why am I not happy?”
“Good whoa or bad whoa?” Dean asked, still pressing the dildo in and out of his friend.
“Of course the lass cannot ‘out-magic’ me but this hex cannot be undone easily.”
And that’s exactly what they did.
“I’m sure there are a few more courses you could take.”
Dean hated that look, and he was determined to make sure to fix it right away. “I didn’t want that? Cas I knew what I was saying yes to and if you missed it, I kind of just came harder than I have in a really fucking long time. I wasn’t pressured into anything. I’m not upset with you. I’m upset with me. I shouldn’t have said yes because what the hell does this mean now? This changes things.”
It was well into dawn by the time their kisses slowed down. Castiel had convinced Dean to at least take off their shirts in order to sleep but neither one of them seemed willing to be the first one to close their eyes.
So, Dean was serious and Cas was torn.
Jack looked between Cas and Dean, he seemed torn for a moment between wanting to stay close and knowing he had heavenly duties.
He felt like he’d been running a marathon by the time he’d released his vice grip on Dean’s hair and had settled back onto the pillow. He was panting a little, still as he looked to Dean who was watching him intently.
Welcoming them into their lives, loving them—those weren’t the hard things. The finances the lawyers, the judges, the therapy, those were the things that made it challenging in those years they welcomed their kids into their home.
The weekend rolled into another school week and Claire refused to come out of her room aside from going to school. It was the sound of her door clicking shut, once everyone was in bed and Cas was reading silently in his, that made him at least feel comforted knowing she was eating. He didn’t know what to do to get her to talk and he didn’t want to force her if she didn’t want to. He figured he’d just have to wait it out.
“Oh? Did you need something?” Dean asked, trailing his fingers over each of Cas’s ass cheeks, willing his friend to ask for what he wanted.
Everything he had and everything he was, he owed to those two. Without a doubt, his life could have been so much different—and so much darker—if it weren’t for the two people he was lucky enough to call his parents.
“Oh—I—I’m not, sir.”
“Is… is that what you want too?” Cas asked with bated breath. Dean couldn’t hold it back any longer, he surged forward to capture Cas in a kiss, pulling back only when they’d run out of air. He kept their foreheads pressed against one another’s breathing in the moment.
Mesmerized by the holder of his heart, he hadn’t noticed Sam stirring awake or sliding out of bed. It wasn’t until the younger man was walking past the foot of Dean’s bed that Castiel knew he’d been caught.
Castiel let his eyes fall closed for a moment as he braced himself for the inevitable rejection.
“Hey, so our mom is sleeping and probably will be for a few hours so we have to keep it down.” Castiel nodded in response to that rule, cataloging it in his mind, as Dean continued talking. “I also have to start dinner so that she can eat before work and Sammy has to pack her a lunch so that she doesn’t go a whole shift without any more food. So like, we will be a little busy but you can either hang out with us in the kitchen or just hang out in the living room. Whatever you’re comfortable with. Sorry I didn’t tell you before, I just didn’t think about it.”
Benny didn’t seem deterred though.
“It was fine.”
“I have but it’s like talking to a brick wall. They just say that it’s not the way things are done and that I’ll understand when I’m older.” It was without a doubt a point of contention between he and his parents. He’d learned long ago that his parents had no empathy for others when at eight years old they refused to allow him to give his ten-dollar allowance to a homeless Veteran and his dog. Their bigotry was only solidified when Castiel’s uncle Jimmy lost his job and his father refused to allow his only brother and family to stay in their guest rooms until he was on his feet again.
“Cool. You can put your stuff anywhere. My room is that one right there.” Castiel followed the motion of Dean’s hand towards the room at the bottom of the stairs, the door was only cracked open so Castiel could not get a view of the inside contents.
They’d come too far for this to be it. There was nothing left to prove.
“I uh—I got this the other day—just… uh, just in case,” Dean explained, his cheeks tinged red from his orgasm.
“Uh—sorry. You’re… you’re just named after an angel and sometimes I like to give people nicknames. I… I thought it would be a good one for you… because of—because of your name?” He knew he was babbling, trying to back peddle his way out of this but completely failing. He didn’t know what else to say. It was a complete slip of the tongue. “I—I don’t have to call you that if you hate it.”
She smirked. “That’s not true. I see two guests right now.”
He was surprised when Dean’s eyes opened and looked down at Cas, only briefly before they closed once more.
“Hey, you asked.”
Three months into married life. Dean was pillowed on Cas's chest on a lazy Saturday morning, much like most Saturday mornings to be honest. Sammy had just walked in asking if he could make his own breakfast (the cereal, milk, and kid bowls were newly located to kid height particularly for this reason). Dean and Cas had no problems letting the kid have that piece of independence if it meant lying in each other's arms for just a few minutes longer before getting up and starting their day.
Dean seemed to sober up a little at Cas’s attitude. He grabbed the coat out of Cas’s hand and shoved it back into the closet, shutting the door with a soft click.
“I am. Just exhausted still. I think it’ll take a few days for me to start feeling normal.”
“Was that—did you like that?”
It was like a wet dream feeling the way Cas’s back arched into the touch as Dean pressed his middle finger inside of his guy, reveling at the breathy moan Cas couldn’t help but release. The sounds Cas was making almost turned Dean to mush but he kept himself focused as he pressed one, then two fingers in and out of the other man’s hole, stretching it open.
The thirty seconds it took Cas to respond felt like hours.
Luckily for them (or for those who would have been scarred for life seeing their naked asses), there was a sticky note plastered to the fridge once they emerged from their secret rendezvous.
Dean offered him a kind, but sad smile. “Go shower, okay?”
Like every teenager in America, Claire hated high school. She would countdown until Fridays, every week, like it was her job. Thankfully, this week had ended and she’d made it to Friday and could hang at
“Hmm?”
Cas and Dean walked into Dean’s room together as Sammy went to go start on making Mom her lunch. With their backpacks set on the floor, Dean perched himself on the edge of his bed to toe off his shoes. He must have been huffing and puffing in discontent too much because Cas was appraising him when he stood up.
“Let him know he’s always welcome here.”
“You don’t know that. He might already be…”
“You didn’t do anything.”
Obediently as ever, Cas did as asked making sure to get his palm thoroughly wet before bringing it back down to continue his touches. He seemed reserved still… in a way that was starting to make Dean wonder if he’d broken a rule and pushed Cas to do something he really didn’t want to do. Should he have just let Cas take care of himself in the shower?
His brother and the archangel laughed with one another and seemed revved up to joke some more but Dean had already turned his attention to Rowena.
“I’ll do anything and everything for you to believe me.”
friend.
“Why?”
“Well, when someone invites you to hang out with their friends, or at their house, and you have a good time together, generally that means you’re friends.”
Two years ago, four years into their marriage, he and Dean had decided they wanted to start a family. They knew, realistically, it wouldn’t be easy for two gay men to bring children into their life so they’d wasted no time in applying for adoption and praying that they’d hear something eventually. Less than a year later they’d been contacted—a young woman who claimed she was in no way ready to be a mother. They’d gone to every single appointment, had the nursery ready to go, knew exactly what they were going to name their baby girl but it’d all been for not. Lydia, the young woman, decided at the hospital that she couldn’t go through with the adoption and Dean and Cas never got to take their baby home.
Without looking up from where he was stacking notebooks Cas asked, “What do you mean?”
“I hardly know them.” Cas replied with a head shake. “They’re only my half-siblings. My mother rarely let me see my father and my siblings’ mother rarely allowed them to see him as well. There have only been a handful of times when I’ve seen them and they did not all take to me kindly.”
Dean moved away at that moment, pulling the toy out of him and Cas let himself completely deflate…. Of course he’d gone and ruined everything between him and Dean. Everything had been going so well but now he had to go and make everything awful. He was trying to find the right words… how to apologize to Dean and make everything right again when he felt an arm wrap loop under his chest and pull him up onto his knees.
Each month that passed got easier to accept what had happened, yet still managed to remind Castiel that he wasn’t a father. It had been six months, three weeks, and two days since. The agency had been immensely sorry but they’d explained that sometimes birth mothers just change their minds. Still, even with broken hearts, he and Dean were hopeful that the agency would pair them with another potential baby or birth mother.
“Sure?”
The rest of the night went better than Cas thought it would before entering the bar. Dean’s arm stayed around his waist comfortably and small kisses to his cheeks came every so often. He knew Dean was bound to still be a little unsure at times, but he was doing everything in his power to make sure Cas knew he wasn’t ashamed of their relationship. And Cas knew he wasn’t. He knew Dean put in everything he had to make sure Cas felt loved. That still didn’t stop Dean from feeling a bit guilty when he did slip up sometimes.
Dean’s breathing evened out in a matter of seconds and left Cas smiling a bit proudly from the fact that he’d been able to knock his man out from such good sex. Usually he was the one being tenderly tucked into bed after his body had been reduced to jello. He loved the nights he got to take care of Dean for a change though. Still smiling, he wrapped his arms tighter around his husband and pressed firm kisses to his neck and shoulders before settling in to the pillows and drifting off to sleep.
Knowing that Cas might open those pictures of him later and use them to his liking… it did things to Dean’s insides. He just hoped Cas knew there was more where that came from.
“You were amazing.”
I’m sorry to cause your suffering.
He didn’t know what to say. He didn’t even think his mouth could form words with the way his heart was suddenly trying to break his ribs but before Sam could say anything more Dean managed to answer with the faintest whisper.
He didn’t know if Dean still dreamed of that scene or if his dreams ever had Sam, Jack, Mary, or Castiel himself in them, but he liked to believe that the hunter still envisioned that scene as he slept.
Dean couldn’t take it anymore. He rushed to Cas and cupped his face between his palms.
“I help.” Cas said meekly. He knew Dean had a point. Cas didn’t always do those things consistently. Usually Dean would have to ask him if he wouldn’t mind helping him finish so they could get it done faster. Maybe Cas had gotten use to Dean always taking care of him before but that didn’t mean he wasn’t willing to help. He knew he needed to take more initiative. “You know I help.”
Bringing his lips to the shell of Cas’s ear he whispered, “I thought I was going to lose my mind I didn’t sneak off with you like I wanted… to show you exactly what you were doing to me on that dance floor.” In a parody of their movements from the club Dean pressed up groin into Cas’s ass, moving in sync to the beat of silent music. “All night I couldn’t wait until we were back home. Just like this.”
“You better get me some good beer.”
“That shop right across the street,” he said pointing through the window towards a storefront with a row of planters in front of it. “Has the best plants you can find in town. Way better than Home Depot.”
Tears were in Dean’s eyes now too thinking back to the day. In his self-centered mind he hadn’t really spared a thought for Ellen… just himself and the fact that he was probably going to lose another parent far too soon. He was too caught up in the fear that he’d have to go through all that pain again to even think about what Ellen, or Jo, or the kids, or even his damn husband were feeling. He felt like an asshole suddenly. His family needed him and he wasn’t there.
The things Dean wanted to say were at the tip of his tongue but actually vocalizing them terrified him. How was he supposed to say that he’d fallen in love with his best friend and wanted to spend the rest of the night proving it—the rest of his life even. How was he supposed to say those words when he’d only ever told three people in his life that he loved them and those three people were his family?
“We can go together.” Dean said quickly, trying to put Cas out of his misery. “Just not to one around here or anything.” He added, thinking about how awkward it would be to run into someone they knew as they were trying to buy dildos. Yeah, he’d definitely rather
that was giving this pleasure to Dean. It was
Before he could even move to sit, Dean’s hand softly connected with his lower arm, forcing Cas to stop his movements. “Come over here.” Dean commanded gently.
What was going to happen if this whole situation blew up in his face and he lost the one person outside of his family who he managed to let in?
Maybe?
Dean tried to hide his smile seeing Cas’s name on his screen but no one was around to see it anyway.
He’d never get to say goodbye.
Dean could feel a thrumming in his chest as Cas reached his hand out towards him.
Dean tried to ignore the little sting of
Dean’s smile was infectious, “That much, huh?”
He wrote and deleted a few messages before he settled on:
She was surprised he still seemed awake despite Dean telling her earlier that his afternoon employee, Becky, had to call out since her son broke his arm at school that afternoon. She’d seen Dean work doubles before and she figured he had to be exhausted even though he was surrounded by coffee.
So, he did what he did best. He pushed Cas away.
Why did Dean look this miserable over Cas kissing someone else?
It’d been a whole year of radio silence and yet Dean’s gaze settled on that tousled mess of chocolate hair in a matter of seconds, drawn to it. And not even to his surprise, cornflower blue eyes were locked on his immediately—the other man always did seem to have a sixth sense when it came to Dean’s gaze. Dean felt his breath catch as he looked at the man from across the room.
Castiel smiled at Dean’s confidence in him. For the first time in his life he felt he had a friend who actually saw him as more than a rich, entitled, white boy. Dean saw him for who he was.
Lisa was clearly listening in on their conversation as she decided to add her own commentary just then, leaning over Dean to speak to Cas. “Hasn’t he? Tell Dean he should come home with me. I bet he’ll listen to you.”
He turned to Dean with big crocodile tears falling from his eyes. “Lets go get our son.”
It was out of confusion and his belief that Dean was worried Cas picked another crappy guy, that had Cas answering, “He was kind, yes.”
“Sounds good. S’been a long time since we’ve done anything.”
The words that were coming out of his mouth were not at all what he wanted to say but he’d been so certain he’d show up and find Cas cold and limp that he couldn’t find the words he knew he needed to say.
“I’m fine Dean.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“We do.”
What was wrong with him? He was starting to act like such a melodramatic teenaged girl on all those TV shows.
“I want to—“
“Yeah.” Dean answered instantaneously. Cas watched as his friend’s eyes roamed down his body before coming back up to lock with Cas’s. “It was different but… honestly? You’re—you’re uh… you’re like, really fucking tight.”
“Dean, it’s okay.”
Dean quickly ducked in and pressed his lips against Cas’s cheek, too quick for Castiel to even blink. Before Castiel could even register what happened Dean walked away quickly, not leaving Castiel a chance to say anything. He hazarded a glance over to Patience to see her wink at him quickly before turning to speak with her next customer.
“Know what you want, angel?” Dean asked gently, smiling over at Cas.
Those were his parents though, conservative corporate drones fighting tooth and nail to keep up the ‘American Dream’ nonsense. He’d never be like them. Ever. It disgusted him how money hungry and single-minded people could become.
There was a sadness to Cas’s tone. Dean figured it was because Cas might have wished he were the one that had gotten the house in the breakup. And if he were being honest, he didn’t know why Cas never asked for it. Cas had been the one to put down most of the money for it, and Cas had been the one who met with the contractors and designers and approved all the blueprints. Yes the house had things that Dean wanted—a large garage, a spacious backyard, a chef’s kitchen, exposed brick—but Cas had poured his heart into ensuring the house was fit for a growing family, and he had every right to take it from Dean.
Something was different in the way Cas looked at him and Dean let himself believe Cas was feeling the way he was too.
“Everyone who’s been hurt has said those exact words, Castiel.”
It wasn’t long until Marco was handing Dean a micro succulent with a magnet on it, one that seemed to compliment the ones on the metal doorframe that entered the café’s kitchen. The plant didn’t come with a note but it was clear Dean knew exactly who it was from because he looked out his front window towards the shop across the street and smiled a secretive smile.
“Were they not nice?”
It’s not that Castiel didn’t love his friends and enjoy being around them, he just didn’t feel completely himself and hadn’t for a while. He was trying to push past it all and pull himself out of the funk he’d been in but it was harder than he’d expected. Every time he’d try he just felt himself falling back into a pit.
I love you all for reading! I hope you'll stick around for some of my upcoming works <3
It made Dean frown to think that Cas was uncertain about his place. He knew the other boy didn’t have much in the way of friends or family growing up, but it killed Dean to think that that experience led Cas to feel like he was intruding on someone else’s time if he stuck around.
“I love you daddy!” Jack shouted making Emma chime in with, “Me too! I love you most daddy.”
He found the time he got to sprawl out on the couch with a pile of junk food and Cas sitting next to him in his vile looking beanbag, was the way he liked to spend his time best. And now? Now with the new arrangement they had going, he couldn’t find any excuse to actually want to go out.
Dean didn’t care that he’d never hook up with someone else again, really, it didn’t make him pause even for a second. But he did care that he was taking Cas’s chance away at finding someone good for him.
“I wasn’t gonna go home with her,” he explained point blank.
His heart twisted a little thinking Cas was kicking him out of bed. He didn’t really know what to do besides ask at this point even though he figured he already knew the answer. He was already moving to slide out of bed as he asked, “Do—do you want me to go to my bed?”
It was always a good time when he and Dean bantered about random things and tried to beat one another in a debate. More often than not they pretended to not see the other’s point of view just to rile the other up and make the argument more heated. Why they did it, he had no clue, but it always put a smile on Dean’s face.
The room was silent as Castiel looked into Dean’s wide eyes that suddenly glistened with emotion. The angel worried, only for a second, that’d he’d said something wrong as Dean appeared completely speechless.
Cas’s eyes remained unwavering as he spoke calm and content as ever. “No questions asked. You say the word and we’ll walk out those doors.”
Well average head. Nothing really could top Rhonda Hurley but that’s probably what happens when you’re nineteen getting sucked off by a twenty-five-year-old. Sets the bar pretty damn high. (It probably wasn’t even that good but he’d gotten maybe a handful of half-hearted blowies before that so everything in comparison was garbage compared to her experienced mouth).
You too
“You’re seriously fulfilling a bunch of fantasies I didn’t even know I had.”
“Hngh—g—good whoa.”
Personal feelings aside, Castiel knew Dean could do so much better and even now he hoped that someday someone would come along to show Dean just how incredible he was, even if that someone wasn’t him. He never planned to fall for Dean—who ever made plans to fall in love with their best friend? It just happened. Getting to know him, spending time with him, being welcomed into Dean’s world had all been a part of their friendship but somewhere along the way Castiel had fallen and he couldn’t go back.
Castiel huffed in frustration. He wished that were the case. “No… I don’t believe that was his intent. His words were ‘what, are you a fucking virgin?’ and when I confirmed that I was… he uh—he told me to put my clothes back on.”
Dean talks about his childhood trauma after when he and Cas are in bed, near the end of the chapter if that is something anyone wants to avoid.
It had been so long since they’d been there, laying in the small confines of Dean’s bed with their arms around each other but it was like falling back into place. The scent of Dean surrounding him, the strength of Dean’s arms as he tugged Cas’s body against his own to deepen their kisses, it stirred the want inside Cas’s core that had never gone away for this man.
Dean was fumbling over his words in his excitement but Castiel didn’t seem to pick up on it. His nerves were still clearly written on his features.
“Not yet. Some other day, probably.”
“Babe?” Dean asked again, not knowing quite what to say. He let Cas lead the way towards the fort on their bed and watched as Cas shuffled in between the pillows, opening his arms out towards Dean.
“Are you sure?”
Mon, Nov 13, 2017 1:42
How the fuck did he not hear Cas come in?
“I made two turkey sandwiches. I thought we could share.” Castiel offered, nodding his head towards the back patio table that held the sandwiches and some lemonade.
“Ours?” Cas asked breathless. This couldn’t be real. “That’s it? We just have to say yes.”
“You kissed him?”
“Cas, you messed nothing up.”
Tues, Nov 14, 2017 5:34
Four people in four weeks was enough to make Castiel grimace. Chances of getting all of them home safely were slim to none and by the look on Dean’s face, the hunter came to the same conclusion.
“How so?” He challenged, wanting to listen to any and everything Dean had to say.
“Cas?” He whispered into the darkness.
“That’s not why I went home.” Cas replied but the slump of his shoulders said otherwise.
It filled him with what he could only describe as pride to see his friend no longer stirring, tossing about all hours of the night until his mind finally settled. Perhaps it was the physical reminder that he was not alone that granted Dean the peace of mind necessary to fall asleep more rapidly than he had before and now Castiel too could unwind easier seeing his friend sink into the mattress and fall into pleasant dreams.
Parties
“Yes of course.”
“I don’t know,” Sam declared. “But we’ll find him.”
It made Dean’s heart swell to see so many people here to show their love for the most incredible man in the world.
“It was so nice to meet you Castiel. I hope I’ll be seeing you around here more often now.”
“About what?”
Leave me your thoughts, suggestions for what you want to see happen, or just say hello :)
Castiel continued the same motion, up and down, bob and weave, doing everything he could to get Dean off. He knew it’d be so worth it, tasting Dean on his tongue then knowing that Dean wouldn’t let him go unsatisfied. He didn’t need the toys tonight, he didn’t need Dean to even touch him but if his friend just happened to want to, Cas wouldn’t complain. More than anything he just wanted what would come after, just lying in his friend’s arms.
Later after they were cleaned up and warm under the covers, Dean lay with Cas’s head on his shoulders and finally allowed his mind to sift through the thoughts and feelings he’d had coursing through him all night. It wasn’t the first time those things had popped into his head—kissing Cas, being with him as more than just friends, experimenting more sexually—but this was the first time he hadn’t just pushed them to the back of his mind. It scared him to accept that this wasn’t just about helping Cas anymore.
He felt his bottom lip protrude like a child knowing that this meant he’d already have to get off the phone.
“But I don’t need it.”
to be home.
“Go have fun kid. I’ll call you next week, okay?”
That made Ben laugh.
You did no such thing. I offered to stay here.
“I thought you found someone else. That you—that I was wrong about how you felt.”
“Yeah, do you know him?”
“Yes.”
The business of their day nearly led to Castiel forgetting about the uncomfortable run in with Mary.
Who said I’m not naked?
Another small ounce of trepidation overcame Cas. He had a very distinct memory of Raphael and Lucas calling him a bastard once upon a time… he didn’t want a repeat of those childhood events. Not on Christmas.
“We set for tomorrow?”
He could almost hear the plea in his own voice as he turned towards his friend and whimpered, “Cas…”
He supposed that was true. Dean had been the center of his universe long before now so it made it even worse to lose what they had.
Dean’s eyes widened.  “I’m trying,” he professed. “I’ve been trying to talk to you more to… to say how sorry I am for what I did and how badly I hurt—”
Cas stood up as his brother and sister did. Gabriel was looking at his younger brother with sadness or regret, Dean wasn’t sure which. Perhaps it was both.
“If I’m not imposing.”
Her glare was lethal as she stomped back over to the door and yanked up her backpack, daring to turn away from him with an indignant huff. It was that sound that had him yelling after her: “Your shoes too! And for that attitude you’re clearing up dinner when we’re done”
“I know I said… I know I said I just wanted to learn how to give hand jobs and blow jobs but…”
“Get up?”
“Forgive me if I don’t believe you.”
He’d gotten everything he’d ever dreamed of and more. How many people were truly fortunate enough to say that?
The guy nodded in response. “I know.”
I love him.
Dean yawned heartily around his answer, “Yeah, why?”
His arm flew over his face as he tried to catch his breath. He’d
Dean looked up at Sam’s determined voice and shook his head. His brother sounded so undeniably sure that they could do this, like he hadn’t just read the same letter Dean had.
With the sight of his best friend falling down to his knees, Dean instantly started fumbling with his belt and tugging his pants all the way off until his bottom half was left bare. He was without a doubt already hard so it didn’t take more than a few satisfying strokes to know he wasn’t going to last more than a minute.
with the other boy. Nope. It was just Christmas’s fault.
“You think we’re stubborn enough to keep these promises?” Dean asked, only then slowly releasing his grip.
He felt like an idiot. For lying to her, for being so obvious she would figure it out, and for outing this secret he swore he’d keep.
He hung up without listening to what Dean was saying on the other line.
“No, it’s okay, really. I think liked it,” Cas’s tone left no room for lies which was a relief and let Dean’s praise come out easier.
The realization hit him and he couldn’t help but gasp.
“Dean, wait,” Jack spoke. “I think if we get there, I can pinpoint it closer. You said it yourself that me and Cas have a connection, so maybe if I’m in range I could feel his Grace.”
Dean smiled at the image. Cas somehow had a way with younger kids. It made Dean wonder what the guy would look like with kids of his own someday…
I’d rather play video games here.
Cas watched his friend patter around the room for a little bit before huffing and declaring, “Okay, well I better get going.”
together for ten-ish years. Don’t you think he could change his mind someday?
“Hello, welcome in.”
Careful to keep his hands solidly on his own thighs, Dean figured it was now or never. “Okay, show me what you do.” He commanded, though is sounded a little shaky to his own ears.
“Hopefully they’ll want her.”
Cas watched Dean try to hide a grimace and he immediately felt like a fool.
“Oh…” Castiel muttered, having just remembered hearing his father’s voice from behind while he was engrossed in playing the video game, telling him he’d be back shortly. “He left in a rush. I assume now it was to the grocery store.”
“I know you have every reason to not take me back. I failed to trust in our plans once before, I failed to trust in our promises, I failed to trust in our love—but I won’t make the same mistakes twice. I know you’d never lie to me, I know you’d never betray me, and I know you will always love me as much as I love you. So this is what I’m asking you to trust in now:”
“Did he pay for you?”
Dean wasn’t lying when he said he was always craving it. But not just craving sex. No. He was always craving it with Cas. It was the best sex he’d ever had. It wasn’t just sex though. It was more than Dean could comprehend. Cas made him feel better than anything else in the world. Nothing could feel better than being with him, Dean was certain.
The rituals seemed to point to binding spells, likely for some form of eternal life. Why the fuck anyone would willingly want to live in this shit hole forever was beyond Dean, but he was bound and determined to put an end to the fucker’s life who kept killing innocent kids to become the next Sanderson Sister. No fucking thank you.
“I am,” Cas smiled though he didn’t move. Instead he looked at Dean with his tired eyes. “Dean?”
The woman nodded her head and gestured to a device that was a bit longer than the other ones he’d been looking at but still stated it was a prostate massager.
He was beautiful, and vibrant, and made Castiel’s world so colorful and alive. The thought of ever losing him, or never hearing that sweet voice or breathing in that scent of home, squeezed the breath from his lungs.
“No sweetie, I mean back with me to your real home.”
The indescribable feeling of Dean’s arms around his shoulders had Cas’s heart thumping in his chest and him completely melting into the touch. The rarity of having Dean so close like this made the moment all the more important. As long as he’d known him, Dean had always been more tactile while drunk, leaning into his friends, patting them on their shoulders, touching their arms as he spoke but this was different; it felt special. With Dean’s head moving to rest on his shoulder as they swayed back and forth, Castiel was certain he was living in a dream.
“Me?”
“I forgive you.” Dean replied easily. He too looked ready to burst with the feelings swirling inside him. They had both waited too long for this moment. “Will you go on a date with me, Cas?”
He tried to laugh in agreement but knew it wasn’t reaching his eyes. It sucked knowing that most of the people around him assumed that he was some sort of sex-addicted man-whore. But there wasn’t much he could do to change their minds not when changing their minds meant confessing to a pretty steady rela—
“Dude!”
“I don’t believe that.” Sam said to Cas, earning himself a sideways look from the blue-eyed boy.
“How do you want to?” He asked. “My bed? Your bed? Do you want me to leave?”
“Go talk to your friends and grab some food. I’m gonna go see if Bobby need anything.”
“I knew you loved me—I know you love me,” he reassured. “I just… it’s still there for me and I… I’m not sure where you’re at.”
“Oh yeah? You love him so much you’d just leave him, never to speak to him again after THINKING he cheated on you?”
“What should I do?”
“Hi.” Cas said awkwardly with a wave.
That’s all he wanted really. Even if Dean would never have a romantic feeling in his body. Even if Castiel never got to sleep in the other man’s arms again. Even if he never got to know what it felt like to be completely one with Dean inside of him ever again—he’d give it all up to just have a best friend. To have the person he could go to for anything. To have the person who understood him like no one else, who cared for him and was willing to help him navigate through this part of his life. He just wanted Dean to not look at him and be disgusted by what they did.
He hadn’t noticed just how long he’d been lying awake until Cas started to stir at his side. A quick glace to the clock in the room showed that it was nearly dawn and he’d been lying there for hours.
“Excuse me?” He asked, dawning his “serious” voice.
Dean cut him off. “No questions asked,” he said sternly.
“I did too.” He admitted. Dean laughed a little.
“I have.” Castiel watched as Dean’s face fell, but he didn’t understand. Didn’t Dean know how much Castiel loved living here? “I’m staying.”
“I know, but I’m here now,” Cas said cheerfully. He settled deeper into the couch and kicked his feet up onto the coffee table. “What do you have planned for us?”
Seven hours later he was starting to see Becky’s logic.
He’d had enough of the wild emotions that had been coursing through him and he just wanted to celebrate the fact that this, surprisingly, all worked out for them.
Cas pulled away immediately. “I’m sorry. Was that—was that not okay? Was that uncomfortable for you?”
“If you’re not here to say you found him then you need to fuck off and go bother someone else.”
If Castiel thought he was broken before,
He hadn’t really thought much past trying to side step her initial question so it came as a shock to realize he wasn’t sure if he wanted to answer this one either.
“You gotta. We have tests.”
but he didn’t think he was brave enough to try and fix it and with the end of the year creeping up and graduation looming over them he felt like he was already running out of time.
“Oh. Uhm. Yes. That’s fine.” He answered before stepping a little unsurely into her embrace. It was short lived but it was a simple enough gesture that made Castiel feel… special almost. He appreciated it.
“Honestly, I was so fucking nervous about getting a random roommate freshman year. I didn’t know what to expect. I’d always been with Sam, my mom, or Bobby and I didn’t want some random person seeing me having a nightmare and think I was… broken or something.”
Dean felt his breathing grow unstable as the witch’s words came stampeding into his mind. What if Cas was on his last breath? What if time had run out? What if the orb not moving meant that it had nowhere to go? That because it was floating there meant the witch hadn’t been lying. Cas was already dead and the Grace had no host to get back to.
Dean’s brain worked much differently to his, needing constant breaks in order to retain information, which meant every fifteen to twenty minutes of work equated to an online video or going back to chatting. It was amusing at some points but not when Cas had important papers to finish or a test worth the majority of his grade to cram for.
“I’ll talk to you at another time.” He wished he sounded stronger but he knew Dean could hear his heartbreak.
"Cas—“
He knew it wouldn’t last, it wasn’t like their lives to have good things last long, but as an angel once told him:
Maybe it was an honest mistake? Maybe he’d gotten his days wrong?
suppose to mean?” Dean asked louder this time, an edge of irritation finally sinking into his voice.
Before Cas could make way out of the fort, Dean crawled under the haphazardly strewn up sheet and wedged his way between the back of the couch and Cas, wrapping his arm around his fiancé’s waist.
Despite Hannah being more reserved and conservative when it came to her own sex life, she was very supportive in Castiel’s own curiosities which he was immensely grateful for. She listened to anything he had to say with rapt attention and gave him advice whenever he asked for it.
A while turned out to be a nap… right up until Dean came home.
He pulled the toy out of his friend and dropped it on the bed. He moved between Cas’s legs, hovering above him a few inches and took his own cock in his hand. As Cas laid below him Dean couldn’t help but stare at the come that had splattered on Cas’s chest and stomach. And like that Dean was blowing his load again, mixing his own release with Cas’s.
Dean wished he could let Cas hear his thoughts as he stroked himself with his camera capturing every movement. He wished Cas could know that he was thinking of his friend’s hand on him.
That was plain. Especially the knot in his chest where he knew his heart should be.
Cas nodded slowly. “I understand.”
“You want to go to the kitchen and actually cook something?” His friend asked rather skeptically.
More laughter came out of the kid’s mouth as he protested, “No!” Suddenly he went quiet and Dean could see him trying to stealthily make his way over to Cas, who then started laughing.
So of course, things had to go to shit.
Dean figured his brother was trying to save him from a little more heartbreak.
It was well worth the odd looks his brother had been sending him to see how Cas’s face lit up at the sight of food. “You didn’t have to do that. Thank you.”
It still baffled him how easy it felt lying with Dean like this.
get yourself wet baby and let me see
“Yes, Dean?”
He looked over at his friend and saw the same sadness overtaking him. He was staring at the pie on the table like it held the answers to the universe.
The hunter pulled back just enough to look at the angel. His bright green eyes shone even in the dim light of the lamp. Warm calloused hands cupped Castiel’s cheeks causing the angel to lean into the touch, cherishing the way Dean’s thumbs soothed over his skin.
“I meant… are you sure this is what you want?” The other man seemed to be pleading and Cas’s insides softened. His friend’s soul was so kind, so nurturing, that there was no doubt in Cas’s mind that this was the man he wanted to share his first time with.
Holy fuck Cas! Benny almost saw that!!
“Yeah, I’m ready for break already though.”
“I might have to resort to ‘True Love’s Kiss’ to wake you.”
What was he lying for anyway?
Everyone had jumped to their feet at the same time which made Cas in turn jump a few feet in the air. “Oh!”
He was starting to wonder if he was getting pathetic. Scratch that, he knew he was pathetic.
“Cas? What?”
The fact that Cas would let himself settle for just this, for just some guy who hid them in a dorm room and didn’t have enough balls to let the world know he had the most awesome man beside him. The fact that Cas didn’t even ask to have more for himself when he deserved everything and more. It made Dean angry that Cas didn’t already know how much he was worth. That this—whatever this was, relationship or not, was nowhere near as great as it could be. It wasn’t enough and Dean wouldn’t let Cas believe ‘enough’ was adequate.
“It’s not that big of a deal.”
Cas swallowed hard before saying, “Maybe, maybe leaning on you?”
“Thank you.” He wanted to get the look of apprehension off of Hannah’s face and ease all her worries but as badly as he wanted to tell Hannah everything, explain to her all his thoughts and feelings, he’d made a promise to Dean and he’d never break it.
One more quick glance to his phone showed another text from Dean.
“Why not? It helps Dean so it should help Sam too.”
“I… I had a falling out with… with the guy,” he got out through his cries.
Are you having a good Christmas?
I will.
“Hey good lookin’, you wanna ditch this party and go somewhere more… private.”
Dean folded into his arms the moment Cas was settled and he knew instantly he couldn’t go without that feeling ever again.
“Whatever you’re willing to make.”
Dean clapped him on the shoulder as Cas made his way towards their bathroom. “Sounds good.”
“I think it’s sweet.”
“Yeah,” Dean chose to answer honestly. “But we’ll work it out. We always do.”
“Hey, mom.”
But Hannah was the least judgmental person he knew and looking back he wishes he would’ve told her just to have someone to confess everything to. It might’ve made this all hurt a little less as it came crashing down around him.
“Oh what?” Dean stammered for a second before he followed her gaze to the items on the shelf. “Am I? Oh—no. No. Just trying to figure them out.”
“Uh, do you still wish for me to refrain from details?” he asked, knowing the first time he went a little too in depth with his descriptions of tastes and sensations.
The five of them followed quietly behind Rowena who seemed to know exactly which type of area she would need to go. Perhaps it was the magic in her or she’d also studied the map before going there but after ten minutes of walking she led them straight to an alcove of trees and began pulling things out of her bag.
“Cas, I gotta tell you something, before we—”
“What if nothing. It just wont happen.” He gave Meg a curious look, as if willing her to explain her bizarre choice of question but before he could question it further, her attention turned back to Crowley who’d brought the first round over.
“For me, too much experience is a little questionable, you know?” Dean continued, “I don’t want to be with a girl who sleeps with a new guy every night, not because I think she’s wrong to do that, but because you can’t be certain that she’s clean—and a one night hook up isn’t going to go get a test for you to be sure. But if I really like a chick, I’m not going to be driven away if they don’t have much experience and I want to see if our relationship could go somewhere.”
And the nearest and dearest to my heart:
“What do you mean? You’re having sex, right?”
Anna leaned across the table, scorn in her eyes. “You need to quit calling Lucas that.”
“Is it really normal to feel like you’re going to vomit all over yourself before the supposed happiest day of your life? What am I even doing? I don’t want fucking tulle and Swarovski crystals coming out of my asshole on my wedding day!”
“Mmm, no. Why’d you stop?” Dean asked, voice deep and gravely.
He swore it. He’d be so good to Cas.
“Oh like fuck you do.”
“Yeah—yeah. I locked it.” He panted against Cas’s lips. “Come on baby. Help me get these off.”
“You seem like a reasonably smart guy.” His sister said in a callous tone.
“Oh, yeah, of course,” she agreed immediately, wanting to help him out. He seemed to appreciate it because he grinned brightly, his mood seeming to soar.
As Castiel lost all his dignity and continued to break down, a wall built up around Dean and the man’s expression completely closed off. He looked at Castiel coldly.
“Cas?” He could see out of his peripheral vision that Dean had gotten up off the couch and was hovering in the middle of their room. He seemed at a loss of whether he should approach Cas or not. It made Cas feel hot with embarrassment. Dean wasn’t an idiot; he had to know what Castiel was asking for.
He thinks they dozed for maybe twenty minutes or so but eventually he knew both of them were awake yet neither of them were pulling away from one another.
Dean looked up, blinking back the tears that never stopped pouring as he said what quite literally felt like the embodiment of ripping out his own heart. "Good. So go be with them."
Dean knew they were walking into a warzone. There wasn’t a doubt in his mind he was about to get his ass handed to him by this witch, but as long as she focused her attention on him and ignored the rest of them long enough, they could subdue her.
“I’m not sure. Let’s start with some basics about everything okay? Like, did he ask you by saying ‘Will you go on a date with me?’”
He’d begrudgingly gotten himself out of bed due to the promise of coffee wafting down the hallway. He’d made himself some toast as Dean poured them some caffeine. He ate his toast, kissed his boyfriend goodbye, and then went about showering and getting ready.
“That’s because he’s jealous.”
Dean’s eyes scanned over his husband lazily, loving the way Cas’s fingers trailed up and over his legs, bringing goosebumps to his skin from the tickling. It only took a few moments before Cas didn’t want to just explore the plains of Dean’s body. Quickly he hooked his fingers under the band of Dean’s briefs and released Dean from their confines.
“No! Don’t promise me that you’re never going to leave me again. You don’t know that! You swore before that you’d never leave me, that you’d never hurt me but you did! You thought so little of me that you thought I’d cheat on you. You never even bothered to ask. I’ve never loved someone like I loved you but it still wasn’t good enough. I still wasn’t good enough.”
He thinks—he
“Dean,“ Cas breathed hotly against his collar, making Dean smirk a little. He loved that he affected his friend this bad.
“Can I?” Is all Dean asked, but the gaze of his eyes on Cas’s stomach and the speed of his hand was all Cas needed to know.
It felt better than he imagined it would. So much
It was after Castiel had adjusted himself for what felt like the fiftieth time that Dean finally broke the silence.
He might’ve been fooling around regularly with his friend but that didn’t mean he wasn’t still watching porn or thinking of things he wanted to try with Dean that he’d seen in said porn.
“It’s because I never got that,” Dean confessed in the softest whisper, almost too soft for Cas to hear. “And I don’t even know who he is but I
“He’d—Cas, uh—he’d never done anything before and he... he asked me to help him.”
“I kind of don’t believe it either.” Dean piped in. “Hannah says you always get hit on when you two go out.”
beautiful creature as his friend.
He threw a solid punch into the meat of Benny’s arm for good measure.
Dean could feel his resolve slipping between his fingers. He knew somewhere deep down that this was probably the worst idea but… they’d already done this one thing. What could a few more tries change? If Cas wanted to learn he wouldn’t mind helping but… that didn’t mean he wasn’t going to at least try and show reason to his best friend. The guy had to understand that there were other ways to go about this. This wasn’t Cas’s only option.
“I guess I am. I’m excited to see my dad.”
She’d found out about him liking boys when he was in sixth grade and she caught him kissing a boy named Aaron in their back yard. Dean had started crying immediately, thinking she’d be so mad at him—he’d promised he liked girls too, he really did, but sometimes he liked boys—but Mary had just scooped him into a hug, asked Aaron to leave so they could talk, and explained to her son how loved he was. She told him over and over that she just wanted him to be happy and she didn’t care who he loved as long as he was happy.
“I do.” Cas vowed adoringly, so reminiscent of a promise they’d made all those years ago before their friends and family.
“Oh.”
With a small nod, Cas went back to it, a shiver running through him as Dean breathed, “Yeah… yeah… that’s good.”
He felt something tight in his chest now that they were just sitting there. He wanted Cas but he just… he felt like he just needed to be closer to him more than have sex with him.
A couple hours passed and the sun had long since set in the sky. Castiel knew that it was necessary to go home, as Sam was already yawning and Dean was starting to look tired too, but Castiel had to admit that he didn’t want to leave the company of the brothers. It filled him with a sense of loss that he couldn’t explain, as if him leaving solidified the fact that he’d likely never experience a night such as this one again. But he had to come to reality eventually.
“It got me Jody and Bobby though.”
“I think I managed a butt dial successfully this weekend.”
“What’cha looking at?”
Claire, who’s been unnaturally cheerful the past few days suddenly flipped a switch. Her attitude is anything but respectful and she’s pushing his limits on what he’ll let her get away with. If it weren’t for the slammed car door, he might’ve let the frustrated toss of her backpack and shoes, slip.
“Yeah? You like hearing me?” He could feel Cas shaking against him and hoped to all things mighty this was working.
He was, however, taken aback by Dean holding a conversation with him while walking back home.
“Morning, baby,” Dean yawned against his skin and Cas practically melted at the pet name, having not heard it in person for over a month. With a smile, Castiel rolled over onto his back and
Not that he expected Dean to but he thought they were still best friends. Shouldn’t Dean bring up his new dating life? Only Dean didn’t say much of anything. And that hurt just as much. Did Dean not trust him to know about his relationship with Benny?
But he had to learn how to be desirable first. He had to learn the right ways to please someone before he could leave them wanting for more.
His gut ended up being correct.
The day went by as most do. Hunters flitted in and out of the bunker as Sam and Dean found cases for them across the states. People sought him out for his knowledge or for assistance navigating the Men of Letters’ archives for information on hunts. With each hunt assigned, each hunt completed, they were becoming something that resembled a well-oiled machine.
“I spoke to him in speech and debate. He was very kind.”
“You’ve talked about being a translator. Have you looked into that at all?” Cas shook his head at the question.
Dean took the silent route this time.
Dates usually meant that one was trying to get to know another in order to pursue a romantic relationship. He ascertained that he already knew Dean fairly well but yet, he still had gotten to know him a little better because of the night. That left him with the next question, was he trying to pursue a romantic relationship with Dean Winchester? The thought made his heartbeat quicken in the same way it had when Dean had kissed his cheek under the mistletoe.
