And Castiel was such a view when he leaned to peer in Dean’s eyes. He really tried not looking at Castiel’s lips but what use was it when he already knew its shape just memorizing it half the time while they were taking lunch?
Mr. Henriksen, who had turned in his papers, glanced back at him.
Castiel turned crimson, but biting his bottom lips worked to keep a blank expression.
“You’re just as bad.” Castiel bit his lip when Dean’s hand began stroking him in earnest.
"Then I can do this to you all day. I'm gonna make you regret thinking you can leave me behind."
Castiel heard the thud of the receiver and someone shouting back. His coffee was already cold on his table. He waited with fingertip running on the smooth mouth of the cup. He stayed still with eyes fixated on the screen, ears picking up the little details of the shop. Having lived in a neighborhood with nothing but scratching, he was pretty sure he was calling the right shop what with all the racket of drills on metal and rumble of the engine. He could hear more yelling and deep voice arguing. It made him frown. Surely, tackling cats’ litter wasn’t the worse these guys have to handle? A few more seconds and the receiver got picked up and he heard the exchange of hollering—
“What?”
“Are you sure you are okay, Dean?” Cas asked, not particularly minding Dean plastered on his arm.
“Top file. FBI notoriously high-risk on firearms and drug cartels on several countries. While his brother—oh boy—red tagged for level threat, active serial bomber. Twin brother, Roman Cartwright.”
Castiel’s bulge was nothing to underestimate, it was huge and hard for Dean but he wasn’t the only one ready for the touch. Castiel slid one free hand from his abdomen straight to the band of his brief, grabbed inside for his cock.
“Probably checking out the underground panels. You know the bunker can really do this cool stuff, Cas? Mrs. Butters taught him a little button or two, I hope he’s not messing around—” the hunter chuckled, but the angel tilted his head again with a frown.
“No, no of course not.” Dean grinned at him with a hand on his hip, “Just—each day I’m happy I took the job here.”
“I’m not going to die from it.”
“Close the cap of the lotion,” Dean rubbed his back and yawned.
Dean, who had just returned all the gears in the stable, heard him inside the restroom and shook his head.
Dean didn’t expect to be so nimble as he slipped past the gigantic bodyguard and took hold of the car door before Doctor Novak could completely close it. “Doctor? I need help, please.”
Castiel stiffened when one of Dean's hands landed in front of his pants. He pulled to look Dean in the eyes only to see a gaze so intense it sent his body on fire. Dean's eyes were wide, they gleamed playfully as if something beautiful was unfolding right before his eyes. But then his hips pressed to the angel. Castiel let him, let Dean lead him, curious as to where this was going, both braving and fearing if this would trigger anything. Maybe as long as he doesn't say it, maybe as long as Dean doesn't make him say it.
“Again?” if this was an elaborate excuse to meet up, Castiel didn’t see any reason to stop it. Dean could ask him directly, though, Castel found himself unaversed to the thought.
“Hey, I had to rush here so I didn’t have time to change gears,” he was saying with a specific soft gaze over him. Castiel closed the door, glad to have his company.
But it still didn’t erase the image of Dean’s freckles too close and pressed on his nose, the feel of his hot lips or the hitch of his voice when they pulled apart for a second. The demon sighed on his lips and that’s when Castiel lost it. Because Dean leaned for more before Castiel remembered himself and pushed him back. He remembered Dean grinning, eyes swirling black to green and then he was gone. He never talked about the exact details as the last time he read a letter to the younger Winchester containing explicit words, Sam stopped him. But only one thing registered to him.
“Hey, guys!” Jack called as he returned with Sam carrying four ice cream drumsticks. The kid raised his camera phone for a selfie, “I saw these photos of you guys somewhere and wanted to add—”
“I didn’t know you could cook.”
It wasn’t a distraction, though, for Castiel it was a feeling he wanted to cherish while he was here because school days rarely last and everybody moves on. Castiel just wanted to be even closer. So, at the end of the club activities, when everyone else had left, Castiel was surprised to have Dean call him to the stables.
Castiel excused himself to check the bedroom in case the smell had gotten worse upstairs, apologizing for leaving. Dean waved him off, already in his job mode, Castiel noted. He never doubted he could leave this to Dean Winchester.
Sam slammed the paper bags on Dean’s chest who took it and sprinted towards the door with a big grin. “Change clothes, fools! We need to grab lunch!” and he was gone.
But this was a whole new level of being in love with horses. Of being in love with Dean. The way the wind kept crashing on his face was a whole new thing and he never wanted to forget the feeling. Just then it didn’t matter where the horse was headed, nor did it matter that they were miles away from the school. Not even when they found themselves in the middle of the road, out in nowhere with only open space and the horizon ahead.
But Castiel had never felt so secure. All this time he thought he had no control of his life, but with Dean, in here, he was once again looking forward to tomorrow.
Soon something so lusciously sweet was already coming from the room’s oven. A billow of white smoke came out from the chimney and everyone gathered at the table set up by their adviser and Ms. Barnes. Anna came along carrying a pack of cheese with Mr. Sergei right after her.
Dean waved his hand. “I know that already. But what deal did you make with the Empty exactly? And why was Sam saying I got something to do with triggering it?”
“Dean.” Dean nearly choked at the deep voice that called his name. He slowly turned around him and found his husband giving him a very dark look. “In your office. Now.”
“How about your mother?”
So beautiful.
“Castiel?”
“I’d buy him as meat.” Castiel stared at Ms. Barnes determinedly. “Please let me buy him as meat!”
“Hold it, kid,” Dean said with pink ears as he covered the eyepiece with his palm, a suspicious side-eye to the angel, “Uh… switch channels, this version of me ain’t for a kid.”
"Dean, whatever happened it was never your fault."
“Of course not. I’m just returning what we borrowed for our practicum.  I’ve been driving tractors in our farm since I was a kid,”
“What?” Castiel blurted out.
Dean distinctly heard the doctor count, he heard him count and flashes of things stirred in his mind until he felt someone rubbing his shoulders. It’s still the doctor but this time things were hazy. Things were afloat and Dean felt like he was back in a tub filled with water with his entire body floating without support. It was a good feeling. It was also arousing but there was nothing to be done. He couldn’t even think straight.
“Here. But only if you really want to.”
Dean’s body jerked.
Face heating up again, he noticed the angel’s perfect form and fit to boot, it’s to die for. Well, not to die for but almost unfair to some. It’s incredibly toned with muscles in the right places and his pec… Dean wanted to touch them so badly. Like everyone else in the vicinity and if he was going to hell for lusting after his angel best friend—woah back up. He shook his head. Castiel noticed him and when he did, it will take forever before he stops paying attention to Dean.
“Hey, it’s like we have no trust here?” Dean burst out in laughter as they both stepped out of the car. “What’s gotten into you?”
“Using a lady’s brother to do your bidding, that’s just nasty.”
“Well, shit.”
“I’ve already seen it.” Blue met the green. The way Dean nearly fell back was a testament of how Castiel looked determined to finish it here. Dean swallowed hard but was never able to pull his eyes from the angel. Castiel sighed.
Dean brushed the corner of his mouth consciously.
“Thanks. By the way, since we’re sharing my room—”
“You know we can’t do that. So why don’t we talk this through?” He said coolly, “We got an ID on your brother. We hope it’s nothing like a family business procedure.”
Baby stopped just right before the hurdle that Castiel’s face hit the horse’s neck with an ‘oof’. Disappointed, Castiel eased back on his chair. He got refused again.
“Of course, I grew up on a poultry farm. This is easy as breathing to me. You gotta take it seriously and move, Castiel. And you heard the teacher, one egg can cost you a cleaning duty! At home, ff I drop one egg my dad cracks my brain school. That’s probably why I’m not good at studying.”
And so Castiel told them about this handyman who had been fixing almost everything in his house from the ceiling, wall panels, doorknobs and now seemed interested with the window entry based on their texts late last night. He had to mention the snacks when they asked about how much Castiel pays for his company.
Castiel frowned. He couldn’t follow what they were talking about so he pressed forward. Dean talked a lot, which means he was stalling.
“Except the rainy seasons. Okay, I’m in. It’ll be good for you to catch up to Cas too—”
That’s when Dean threw a towel around Castiel’s neck while holding both ends and pulled him close, capturing his lips in a swift kiss. Soft lips pressed against his own. The shock from the jump was nothing in comparison to this. Dean—Dean was kissing him. Before he could respond, Dean had pulled back and had gripped both his shoulders. His heart skyrocketed when Dean pulled, words already forming in his mouth-
Castiel tilted his head. “Oh, but what if the school doesn’t let us do this?”
They spent the rest of the day touring the school from the livestock area to the field crops. Castiel watched eggs roll-off from a hen using some cool technology. He remembered reading that the school was known for its advancement in machinery when it came to Agriculture. The schedule was given briefly with the class divided into eight groups with five members. Castiel was grouped with four others and they’re scheduled in the poultry house at five in the morning.
“Must be the sun. I need booze”
“Ah, there’s eight of them in a row,” Inias observed as the piglets trotted to their places and began nursing.
“Really?” she stepped forward.
“Good. You’re good. Can I ask how old you are?”
“Not really, I find it interesting to just watch you from time to time. It’s relaxing to see you study. It’s something you like, I could tell.”
“I’m putting it in,” Castiel said.
Debauched was one way to describe them once done.
Dean mumbled something about ‘hate that you’re missing out’ paused to some extent and ended with ‘be careful driving’ in a low whisper. Castiel had learned that this was one of those ‘rhetorical’ that only needed a thank you and so he did. Dean kept texting him for updates after that. The last message he received was a Bunker visitor that was going through Dean’s boxers—which had Castiel driving in haste. He had never known anyone aside from immediate family to be allowed in Dean’s room that casually—and what was that? Checking out Dean’s underthings? Oh, he needed to be home quick.
“Get your head in the field, officer.” Cas scolded him, but not with a small smile only allotted for his husband.
“What exactly are you watching out for on those sniper lens, Benny? Anyway, we’re going back. There will be joint meeting after this. It’s gonna be a pain in the ass.”
“You’re going fast there, Castiel,” Lee called after Dean had returned from their ride, “Excited to jump the hurdles for the jump?”
These days he tried to keep as much grace saved in case the Mark begin to act up. But for a guilty pleasure like this, he was willing to throw a few seconds just to feel Dean alive around him. It grew as the days passed. He played Dean's game too, following him around corners, pretending to bump on each other just to see Dean's eyes, even going as far as really running to Dean, bodies collide just to feel him solid.
Dean laughed and Castiel was mighty proud of himself.
Jack beamed. “I got Claire the dagger, is that okay?”
“I’m glad you can do something you enjoy.” Dean flipped another page.
Castiel didn’t remember ever being so quick as lightning at an order. He had Dean pinned on the wall, the man’s face pressed forward as Castiel stood behind the hunter. Dean seemed to enjoy his roughness and this encouraged the angel more—but when Dean pressed his ass back to Castiel’s throbbing cock to call him back from his thoughts, the angel growled.
“Mmmm…”
“I mean it doesn’t matter now even if I tell you, because even if I did, nothing could make me happy now. Not after knowing what happens to you if I—this wouldn’t make me happy at all. It’s almost pointless. Well, it’s not pointless, it’s about you. It could never be pointless.”
“Do you remember that night…? It was also snowing. Castiel’s deep voice pulled some strings in Dean’s heart. How could he forget? That snowy night after a dangerous mission like this. That was something special, but everything something he’d never forget when he and Castiel shared a bed for the first time after a heated argument over Dean’s drastic actions on a case they were both co-working.
Castiel couldn’t understand how Dean was still so calm.
“I remember you saying your farm only raises cows and horses,” Castiel said instead, “how about hens? You seem very familiar with all of this.”
“Yeah, isn’t he in the crops department? I heard their farm has a lot of excess produce that they were allowed to do whatever they want as long as it isn’t part of an ongoing project.”
So, he kissed Dean again. In the middle of nowhere, in the middle of this heat, he kissed Dean with all his mind, body and soul, conveying his feelings and gratitude in one sweet kiss. Dean quickly responded and wrapped one arm around Castiel’s waist, while his other hand gripped the reign. It was long, it was heated, it was full of feelings with only a soaring eagle above their heads as their witness.
“What about you?”
He was enjoying his drink under the shades of the thatched roof, drinking down a light gin when Jason—the bartender—pointed at some guy behind Dean.
“Are you guys like an old couple?”
Him! He was the sexy
Dean, who was standing next to his chair, sighed and crossed his arms before giving everyone a thumbs up and a huge grin.
“Love you, babe.” He hung up and settled in his chair, fingers unwrapping the crumpled paper with the word
“Alright,” Gavin scratched his head while Castiel scaled the entire coop. It was smaller than those he saw from his research, but it should be enough size for students to practice labor. He had seen videos of how-to pick-up eggs too, but he was still awed by the sheer number of eggs just rolling down the metal tray. If this was in actual production, the school can maintain both business and education at the same time. Then he thought, wasn’t that the entire purpose of it?
“Wanna take a leave from the team, Dean? I mean, since you’re also a target?”
“How does your brother know about me?” again with the apathetic tone.
“This box is yours too, for being here.” He said solemnly, handing Dean the box of pie. He wished he could see Dean’s face, though, the handyman eagerly took the box, looking up at him, but Castiel had no idea what expression he was making.
“You don’t look like you’ve taken a shower, Dean.” Sam looked as defeated as Dean felt that moment when he stared inside his coffee mug. Inside it was his powdered instant coffee without water. The coffee maker was empty. His hands won’t stop trembling.
“We’re outside school premises now, right?”
It got him thinking back to when he started imagining Cas doing this to him. Years. Many years and he felt so good and raw jostling Dean till he’s almost hitting the headboard of the bed.
“His folder is terrifyingly impressive.” Cas admitted.
always got him grinning like a fool because why not.
“What?” Castiel stepped so hard on the ground he felt his sole numbed. He turned forcefully back, only the dim light from the near greenhouse illuminating his expression he contorted so Dean wouldn’t get an idea.
"And I, you," Dean breathed leaning to him again. Castiel tried to pull Dean into another kiss, but Dean didn't budge an inch. Green gaze held Castiel's attention. And Dean was smiling, pure joy that lights up his eyes. Castiel wondered how it could be, that he held the key to this man's sorrow and happiness. He had never felt more inclined to kiss a man.
Castiel peered at him through one eyelid. Oh he looked pissed off alright.
The next morning was a bomb. A strong smell of cat poop smacked him right in the face right when he stepped down the corridor of his two-story house, the most repulsive scent that made him want to change address right there.
“Of course, it’s thanks to everyone’s support that I’m able to even put this together.” He admitted sincerely as Balthazar handed him the piece of pork as they left the cold storage room. That’s when Castiel noticed the piglets being weighed. He was just in time to see Ham getting on the scale so he paused for a while and turned to the sophomore.
“No, but he’s very handsome.”
“That’s good, you’re enduring.” Dean seemed proud. “Just like a man!”
"Hmm..."
“No. As powerful as I can get deeper into your mind, taking people’s freewill is not a habit of mine.”
“Hey, I just asked you to hang out with me,” said the dark-haired guy whose name eluded Castiel. Dean looked at the guy straight in the eyes and raised both eyebrows. Without saying anything, he offered his hand to Castiel who gladly left the clipboard he was holding to Adam before taking Dean’s hands.
“We?” Castiel asked skeptically. Dean’s eyes widened a little. It tempted Castiel to ask what’s been going on with Dean because he knew something was wrong, Dean was not telling him something. He wanted to help but at this rate….
“I heard what happened. I was told the description of the homeless guy you captured on footage… I think I can help with that. I have a feeling he would fit the guy I’ve been seeing many times outside my house.”
“I stayed. Since the day we met, I stayed…but it only brought us closer to their death every time I tried in the end—”
That night after taking his shower, Castiel used the public computer for his research during recreation time. Clicking on the photo that seemed similar to the stone chimney, he wasn’t surprised to find that it was—
“Man, I can’t believe it. I thought that tension and longing were going to last for another year or two! I was about to die from just watching them!”
Dean turned pale. “B-bedroom? How did it get there? And how did I get here? What’s happening to me? What have you done to me!?”
“Ah, no. I’d probably send some home but the rest of it will be for consumption. I think I’d like it if I send some to your parents, too, Dean.”
“You’re looking really energetic, Cassie,” Balthazar commented good naturedly, “You no longer look pale like the last time I saw you. Enjoying your days with your jealous boyfriend?”
In which there's a misunderstanding...
They laid on the bed in silence, Dean’s head on his arm, lazy finger making circles on Castiel’s chest. In the silence of the dark, only the sound of Dean breathing led Castiel, his assurance that they were still awake.
“No parting the ocean you two, I’m serious,” Dean sniggered, “We’re there to relax, you know, bonfires and smokes and watching fire dance in the evening, that sort of relaxation.”
Sam and Eileen had settled their doubts the next morning and decided to be stuck together to see where it led them, Castiel thought working things out together. The opposite could be said about Dean.
Dean swore when he woke up alone in the hospital bed. His head was pounding so bad, but otherwise, he was in one piece, not a single grave wound, but it all drained away when he realized he was alone in the room. He remembered exactly what happened to the white snow turning into ablaze— and the one thing that registered in his brain quickly was the absence of—
“Because if you do that you know Dean wouldn’t stop cursing my name? He’s already cursing my brother, I’m sure I’ll hear twice the number of Hail Maries my way except for their hexes and wish for my death. You know how Dean can be annoying sometimes?”
Dean bobbed his head up and down without letting it up and Castiel felt the eruption reached its peak and he came inside Dean. He dropped back on the headboard with a sigh, light headed and breathing fast. He wondered if he and Dean would be the same again, but that’s a problem he needed to tackle in the future, but for now, saving Dean is the priority.
“So, I received blueprint of this house you sent me last night.” Dean was saying as Castiel prepared their pie breakfast. He let Dean occupy the main table (with some grunts and taps on Dean’s shoulder until he gave up because it seemed once Dean made up his mind on doing something, he goes for it), “Ventilators come through the rooftop with the systems connected here. There’s only a marginal space where the pipelines and cables go in, enough for a cat scurrying after a mouse to come through. But I need to go around the house to see exactly where they get in. This house’s been around for seven years too, so maybe there’s a crack in the wall or something on the rooftop. I’ll check the basement after.”
“Don’t do that again, Cas, please. I swear to god I won’t put myself in any dangerous situation where you will be in danger too. I won’t.”
“C-Cas—!” Dean cried in a strangled voice with a hand tapping on Castiel’s hand. Castiel panicked as he thought Dean was in pain but it couldn’t be when Castiel did his miraculous ministrations. He responded to Dean’s call in dismay.
“It looks like it’s going to rain.” Dean pointed at the sky. Castiel looked up, his handsome face lighting up before walking Dean up the stone steps.
“Cheese?” Castiel raised an eyebrow at Dean, “You didn’t—”
“Perhaps. But we can delve about him later. Parents are generally concerned with children’s traumatic experiences. But what we need to find association is between the trigger and the experience you are experiencing. Something that locked in you while you were stuck in the elevator that you are unaware. But I will remind you, I am not a typical doctor. I will not tiptoe around you, I will act base on what I see fit and that includes hypnotizing you when I need to.”
There was no more important mission out there that could pry him from this profound bond, so he thought of Dean more. Every morning he listened to Dean's sound of waking up in the morning. The sound of his feet pattering the cold floor. The sound of shower and splash of water on his hard body, the silent whisper of his name. Castiel swallowed, gritted his teeth, and gripped whatever object he could hold that could keep him stationed and grounded. Dean was driving him insane.
Jason’s laugh was halted when his eyes bulged out at staring over Dean’s shoulder. “Dude, your lucky day. Nice-ass-with-nice-face-damn that jaw is on his way, look—”
And there it went, she siphoned Chuck from the angel’s arm, taking everything with her, leaving nothing but pristine skin of the vessel. Castiel’s hand shook but Dean was there to hold his hand, leaning in to kiss him deep where Castiel made deep little noises. They heard a snort and then looked around. The Deity was nowhere in the room, they were on their own again.
“I want souvenirs for Clair and Kaia,” Jack promptly to Sam.
“Wait for me to get back my breath and you’re signing that marriage certificate on my drawer.”
The morning class was eventful. The Dairy Science class was already getting options for the kind of booth their clubs could stand at the school fair. Castiel felt something was strange. His classmates would keep glancing in his directions and avoid eye contact except for Dean. Dean was staring at him with a straight face and would only look away after they'd established a few second’s connections.
“See? As long as you have a good head on your shoulder and can run a farm, I don’t think it’s such a big deal. I mean, most farmer’s families would rather have more laborers in their fields—I’m sure the Winchesters farm will be happy to have you.”
Dean sighed, “So it’s really impossible, right?” and sulked after Castiel watched him without batting an eyelid.
Dean and Gabriel both reacted at the same time, but it was Gabriel who ordered the tactic. “Evacuate this area. All agents in full gear in three minutes, I want everyone in their offensive position with headphones! This is not a drill. The target is the opposite building, which should give us the advantage to purge these rats. Sweep the entire building for bombs,
Castiel gaped at them all, loss for words. Is this what they call delivery inequality?
“I’ll come back tomorrow, then?” the way he sounded hopeful had Castiel staring.
“You took revenge?” Dean snickered proudly. The doctor’s eyes glinted.
“Thanks for helping us out, we couldn’t have made it on dinner time if it weren’t for you guys,” the guy with long eyelashes was saying as he held a chicken by the neck, “As a show of gratitude, I’ll give you guys something in return—”
“But I’m already full,” Inias sighed and munched on his potatoes and ate it all the way with a grimace, “It’s really delicious.”
“What the fuck, man—!”
“You have enemies? For real?”
“Are you okay, Dean?” Castiel asked warmly as he leaned over the metal fence to watch Ham dig his way on the feeds. “You look tired.”
Dean avoided his eyes. Castiel stood behind Jack to read the caption.
“Pie? How did you know?” his voice was rich in humor.
“Where’s your dad—?”
With the last bucket of water to the sparkling clean floor, Castiel stood straight, satisfied with his job. There was no one left around except him. But he wasn’t going to be stuck in that spot, he too needed to move forward. Why does the sunset look so damn meaningful?
“The door is unlocked.” Dr. Novak drawled, clearly showing no interest and for this, Dean’s mind reminded him of things. Who was that guy that was always surrounded by companionable male every time he was around the club? Who was that guy always flirted upon by strangers in the bar? Who made eyes turn his way every time he walked by before all of this had happened?
Gadreel replied on the receiver.
“Yes, but this school has facilities for researching and cloning, even transporting fertilized eggs. The process of creating a cellularly cloned cow is still out of reach, but not impossible. It still has a low success rate as of now a lot of facilities have been shutting down their research.”
But he didn’t press at the sudden guilty expression on Dean’s face. He shouldn’t.  Dean was helping him, he couldn’t ask for more.
“What do you want?” he asked drily.
Nobody spoke for a whole minute. It made Castiel more nervous.
“Dammit, they’re all dead! Dean hissed and ran to the van to get his heavy weapons. He could just make out the struggle, but what Dean feared filled his mind. “Check with the snipers in the building! Gabriel, it’s possible someone else is working with Cartwright.”
“Where is this ice cream?” Castiel scanned around with the sunbeam on his face and between the blue ocean behind him and the white sand, Castiel just stands out as gorgeous and hot.
Eileen finally motioned for Sam to follow her to have a private talk. Sam apologized for allowing Cas to have the Mark but Cas stopped him with a blaze in his eyes.
“That could be dangerous, there are bombs sent in forms of mails.” Gabriel
"I would be anything you want me to be."
he said scandalized. Castiel glanced his way.
“Are we going to make cheese?” Castiel said with uncertainty as they peered through the window glasses of the room.
Dean was nice enough to just give him a smile and give him a gloved thumbs up. He got big hands, for sure. Then Castiel understood. He removed his hand from his face and inhaled the air around. The pungent smell was gone. The handyman had opened the back door to let the air in.
“Double dammit, Cas is still in the building.”
“You just keep yourself safe,” Gabriel replied with a flick of his phone to notify her guards outside the building.
“Good morning, Dean.”
“Well, how’s that? Not to be suddenly co-dependent, Sammy, but you could’ve at least worried about me more? I disappeared almost 12 hours ago.”
It was then that Cas told him how he saw domestic abuse right in front of his eyes. He was on the drive home when he saw this drunken guy beating this woman inside the car. Knowing Cas, he got involved. Dean wasn’t worried for Cas, no not at all but the guy that got the end of Castiel’s wrath. A patrol car came, it was dealt with after that, Castiel promising to report in the headquarters the next day, but the way he was feeling, it didn’t look like he was satisfied with the arrest.
Castiel turned and captured Dean’s lips against his own. It was a chaste one at first, but when Castiel looked and found Dean’s deep set of green eyes staring at him, just him, he realized he wasn’t the only one longing for the other.
“Why are you running away, geez,” Dean didn’t look like he minded the pain at all, “
Castiel exhaled and made up his mind.
Dean—that--- oh
Castiel pushed him back a little to see his face. "What's so funny?"
“Alright, thank you sir,” Dean said, about to turn around but Castiel was staring wide-eyed at their adviser.
The smile Castiel gave him was the softest, like he enjoyed seeing something in Dean that others will never have the pleasure to have. Dean gasped at the first power stroke and then another. “You like that?”
“Not on my pizza, I don’t.”
Castiel won’t stop touching his cock, Dean thought it would fall off at some point with his balls. The way Cas makes love to them, he reminded himself to tell Cas but he forgets everything when Castiel puts his cock in his mouth in one swift slide, letting it rest on his throat—and Dean’s eyeballs roll back to his brain.
“What happened to your lip?”
“Seriously, Cas, that was not funny,” the hunter said, rubbing large hot thumb over the angel’s entrance, blowing at the pucker, leaving Castiel impatient and flustered.
Dean chuckled.
“I’ve been getting out of my way every day just to protect you, Cas. I’ll do it all my life.”
To realize he already got the approval of Mrs. Winchester had Castiel nervous the entire preparation day. Dean told him that his mom sent a message, thanking Castiel for the ham that he sent last time. To hear it was delicious, and hear that the Winchesters hoped Castiel would help in the farm again was all the sign he needed. Castiel couldn’t believe he was already in the good graces of his future mother-in-law just because he knew how to take care of farm animals and know how to make ham and bacon. Now that he thought of it more, those things were something he studied for. And now Dean’s family could see him as a valuable asset— next thing he knows there will be silver rings and bells.
Castiel paused briefly to take in his face before nodding too.
To his surprise, Dean was smiling still.
“Four?”
Dean did as he was told. He stood a good arm’s length from him but Castiel had other plans. He curled his left hand around Dean’s front shirt and pulled him a little closer.
“Evil twin?” That didn’t make any sense, “Dean, what are you talking about—?”  Castiel detected a slight amusement behind Dean’s voice.
“I really thought I was going to get expelled,” Castiel admitted quietly as he watched Dean wrestle Gavin off him.
The geoscope hummed much to Jack’s surprise. He’s supposed to turn it off now. Backing out a little, he raised his right hand, concentrated and
“Well, to be fair, it isn’t the first time. Don’t take it personally, it’s just… I just got curious why…” there’s a pause.
“I’d like to see him,” Castiel said immediately and Gabriel lead the way.
“Dean, I’m not a kid. Why would I repeat the same mistake?”
The pig had a staring competition with him. Why’d he had to be so cute?
“Shut up, alright?” Dean didn’t sound angry this time. He sounded desperate. Castiel wished he could help Dean but as he understood it, the only help he could do now is let Dean fix whatever he needed to… and then when he has the time for him, Castiel will be there. Because Dean needs him. He can still feel it, that bond that binds them together to end here in the Bunker again, together.
In contrast, of the handyman’s air of being sure of himself, Dean suddenly looked timid and shy when their hands shook, but the power behind his grip reminded Castiel that he was a bulky man who just fixed his ceiling single-handedly with those big biceps that could probably lift him off his feet and pin him on the wall without a problem. If that didn’t make his legs weak.
“It smells good!” Dean was there in the nick of time just as the scent filled the air and more billow of smoke coming from the chimney. They all watched it disappear in the blue sky, all in their own thoughts, especially Castiel who was thinking of his little piglet from the moment he picked it up and helped it to get a better drinking spot, to feeding it himself and nowhere. It was a whole process. It was a whole experience. He wondered if he’d do it all over again.
“Says the man strapped in a bomb—
“I just wanted to make you realize something, I think Baby also wanted you to realize it. I mean, Cas… you don’t jump on your own, do you? You have to trust your horse more. Horses are sensitive creatures, they easily get hurt at one mistake and could be put down because of a small injury. I’m just saying, the horses care for their rider so it’s only right we care for them too.”
“Thank you, Dean. You have the sincerest green eyes I’ve ever seen. I promise you I will help you to the best of my ability. Remember that,” he planted a kiss at the back of Dean’s right hand where it burned in Dean’s skin. They forgot the world.
Like Dean had predicted, within the week, the first years were allowed to begin their riding lessons. Castiel was so eager for it, he had notes and dog ears on some basic riding technique. It still didn’t prepare him for the actual thing.
“Shut up, Sam.”
“Is really nice,” Dean drew him closer again, “I’ve always wanted to kiss you like that, even in the club room, I’d always have dirty thoughts about you… if that’s okay.”
“Of course, we are, but call it insurance. Just make yourself comfortable, Cas.”
“Mrs. Butters?”
Then the man stared as if caught by something—and then blushed.
Everybody here’s dream is a step away while he was only running away…
“We can check it after club activity tomorrow, if you like,” Dean offered and again, Castiel found no reason to deny Dean that. It was because of him that this was even turning the right way. It was Dean who reminded him he didn’t have to do it all alone. Castiel vowed to make the best pizza, something that could fill Dean’s stomach because as they say— a way to a man’s heart is through his stomach.
“That’s my jam. Nice ass.”
“Been long since you saw him at it, right?”
“Dean…”
Dean, who was consumed by grief, glanced up like he sensed something. But this only served to refuel the man’s desire to beat the wall, his fingertips already bruised and bleeding. Castiel reached to stop him but only ended up touching air. Castiel swallowed hard. No, no he didn’t leave Dean to be like that, he never imagined Dean to be this devastated and broken—
Dr. Novak regarded him. “Do you know anything about hypnotism, Dean?”
“Really? What does the school do about it? I don’t recall seeing any guards even at the gate.”
He looked up at Dean. All he saw was lust.
“These are Gouda cheese, but don’t worry, they’re also delicious.” Anna assured him, “And I want to really make a lot of these someday!”
“Mr. Sergei,” Castiel turned an apologetic look to their teacher, “I’m so sorry, but we’re really in need of cheese for the pizza party tomorrow. Weren’t you the one who said the school will help us if we have anything we want to make?”
Dean looked back at him even more darkly, with more lust.
“Yeah, but sometimes I can’t help but think these are all too…real and dangerous.”
“I see.”
“Alright, we’ll ride this one, I know how—but if I drown will you save me—?” he barely finished the word, opting for the mouth to mouth resuscitation when Dean heard shrieks from the side. He turned in time to see a ball hurtle towards his face with seconds to dodge but he didn’t need to.
Dean turned behind him and there was Castiel pulling him short and pinning him on the ground, covering his body. It happened quickly as half the storage house exploded. Dean wrapped Cas in his arms to make a poor attempt of protecting any part of his partner too. His ears rang, everything in his surrounding was blowing up. His cheeks felt hot, his hair singed but the most important thing that was that he was holding that someone dear to him.
“How in the world did you ended up like this?” Castiel said as he busily began to unhook the wires from the fiber of the jacket. “Did you get knocked out or something?”
"You usually act first when it comes to me so was that hug the same? It didn’t change anything— it frankly pisses me right now actually—”
“Look, Sam, you weren’t there. They don’t believe what I’m saying and they look at me like I’m making it all up to get attention! And then they just told me they’d interview me on some childhood trauma out of the blue— I just had to quit it, y’know?” Dean breathed in. He realized he was really hungry and no, he had not prepared himself breakfast. His head was in such a mess he could barely keep up with mother-Sam. Maybe a nap would do now, his limbs felt heavy. The last thing Dean remembered was Sam calling his name again and again as he sank deeper and deeper into the pit of darkness, woken up only at the sight of blazing fire and the smell of blood that felt so real. Dean jumped awake five minutes later with his heart racing like he ran a marathon, his breathing short and uneven. Why the same damn thing?
“I mean, yeah, it’s impossible for you to do it on your own. I think you’re about to feed the entire school this Saturday so you could use some help, and everyone’s been helping, right?”
This was their happy ending after all.
“What are you talking about?” Dean said dumbly as he walked to his locker and stared at the combination lock. His brain demanded what to do while he blinked. It’s not the lack of coordination of his limbs, it was trying to dig the numbers in his brain. He didn’t have any choice but to stay up the entire night again, not after the horrific imagery played by his brain. He felt shaky, standing in both legs was too much he just wanted to find his chair. But he needed something in this locker, his toothbrush.
"Dean, calm down."
Castiel pursed his lips as he turned. His answer burned his throat, but this was no time for Dean to worry about him.
on it. Roman wasn’t even discrete. Bold as brass and just walked up to his target tells Dean so much about his character and why the bombs were his play things. He got a text from Cas telling him he was close by and so he announced a meeting in ten minutes time to his team. That was when Dean’s phone rang. It was Gabriel.
“No harm done, I’m single.” Aaron harmlessly winked at Dean.
“I’m sorry, but we’re all sold out,” he said, explaining to a group of male students from another college who were inquiring about pizza that stole everyone’s attention.
“Of course,” Dean smiled smugly. “But where’s the fun in that? You don’t see me killing half the people I should because I’m still sane and I don’t want trouble along the way. I just want a peaceful life, hence I keep telling you guys to leave me be…yet here we are.”
Then they heard it again, this time both of them stopped to listen. A faint sound of scratching metals by the kitchen. Castiel's heart jumped to his throat. It can't be. He could hear it now, it was different from any cat scratches, and cats don't make that against a metal, bless them. No, no it was the sound of law-breaking in the making.
“Sorry, this is all I could find in a short call,” he said, “but I have no doubt this will fill your stomach,”
The angel fixed Dean the same stare who smiled wide. It’s like seeing Cas in this whole new light. Now that he’s allowed to have choices, now that he’s given the chance to be happy… Sam’s right. It’s about time he thinks of the future and what better way to do spend it than have it with someone who meant more than life to him?
Castiel fell silent. It was not hard to put himself in the situation, he was going through the same.
Dean ducked to put his drill carefully inside his toolbox. “To be honest, you gotta check your house, Mr. Novak,” he straightened, gazing over the ceiling with hands on his waist professionally, “No jackpot just appears there magically without entrance. There’s a gap around your house somewhere where the cat probably squeezed in. You leave that hole; the furball will come back and make your ceiling its new litter box.”
But just as the sky was clear, it shifted to something sinister. He saw the superficial way he had been looking at his charge’s future, watching it unfold. Deep inside he also saw Dean’s pain, how Dean fell into bad drinking habits. How Dean tried to be better but the bad memories caught up with him too. And Dean never letting go, going into that field with the old windmill, talking to the ground where the buried Ma’lak box remained untouched. He never drowned Cas. Cas realized Dean never could drown him out. And each visit destroyed Dean.
To think they could be messing around each other for the entire break. Castiel’s face heated up and the thoughts crossed his mind.
“He is. And he seems nice, I apologize if I seem harsh.”
“How much does a pig cost?” he asked her.
"Does that mean you and me we um…"
The idea excited him.
“If you are agreeable to it, I will take your offer. But remember, this is your choice. Since you’re my patient now. Are you?”
“Yes. But does Sam know we are in a relationship?”
“I want it done and over with before he starts hurting anyone involved.”
“Where are we going?”
"Let's relax... Dean."
“Aren’t you happy, we’re all back together again? Didn’t you wish for it? Because I did.” The way Jack stares unblinkingly at the hunter could pierce through the hardest gem. Dean wets his lips, looking uncertain as he cast a look over the angel father who was giving his adopted son a somber look. In the end, it was still Dean who hacked his hand in the air seemingly swatting something invincible like cutting tension which was never effective between him and a certain angel.
The angel was sleeping on the next folding bed with an easy atmosphere, earbuds on each side of his ears and bare chest rising and falling normally, the angel slept on, oblivious to his surroundings, shirt hanging off the bed.
“You talk like you know me.”
“I’m not, I just want you to be careful. Are you the type not to lock the doors, Cas?”
Castiel said through gritted teeth. He ran his hand on his thick hair, “It’s a Monday, and if you hate Mondays, believe me, I have lived the hell through it. My entire week is always
“It means eat your breakfast. We will have a long discussion about this whole case and how we will go about this once you are physically fit. We cannot rush things but you also cannot make me wait forever.”
“What—what did he say?”
Dean quietly took it in, remembering the flashes in his memory.
“Way to smack that in my face like I don’t know what it means to be cursed since the dawn of time, mmm.”
Oh god, he's falling in love.
Whatever his heart did back there, it was followed by more muscle cramping lessons that made Castiel and the rest of the first year glad for their Physical Education class. Well, not really. Cursed the entire CALS land.
Castiel spent a few seconds watching Dean, who looked exhausted, but the way he burned his green eyes on the angel was telling of his intense emotion, a fire that would never tire. Castiel had always been the recipient of that grace. He always thought it was Dean caring. But this was Dean loving him. Castiel steadied himself and willed himself not to run. He was still afraid, but no more than afraid of losing Dean.
.” Sam said sounding urgent.
“To our new students who successfully passed the dairy farming program, welcome to Kansas College of Agriculture, Life and Science,” Mr. Samuel Campbell, CALS’ school dean, boomed in a husky deep voice as he addressed the crowd, “In the next few years, you will be living together in the school’s residence to focus on hands-on experience in the field while studying essential subjects in the program. The school offers a variety of courses such as Agriculture Dairy Farming, Food Sciences, Agricultural Engineering and Forestry. The most selected program is, of course, Dairy Farming, which means we have a variety of livestock that needs tending into by rotation. We have cattle barns, we have horses, we have pig’s pens and poultry that need looking after with attention. You will be given a schedule to take care of the livestock on a morning-evening rotation. Remember to follow the guidelines if you don’t already know, we trust you to care for our livestock as you would care for anything dear to you—”
“It’s the second time we met if that’s what you mean.”
“It’s fine.”
Dean sucked in air. The doctor leaned closer but only ghosted their lips.
“Cole’s right,” Castiel said to Dean’s surprise, “You should really stop flirting.” Dean stared at him and turned scarlet.
“Sure,” Castiel said without a beat. Dean stared at him in surprise. “They asked for help, right?” Castiel shrugged and was joined by Gadreel and Inias.
“D-don’t take this the wrong way. I know we have a deal—I—I’m really looking forward to it, but you don’t get to do this stuff. I-it’s confusing. I’m not a girl. I don’t need you to make me feel special—if that’s what you’re doing. I don’t need it.”
“Was that good for you as it was for me?” Dean felt sore all over but he didn’t think he could sleep again. Not after the hellish imagery planted in his cornea. Sam looked upset when they said goodbye, but it was nowhere Dean beating himself up for being too weak and telling his brother everything.
“Look at you people drooling after a client. Should we start arranging group dates again?” the thought had him grinning. The last group date he attended arranged by Ash from forensics team was something of a big deal. Dean would never forget it when Castiel joined them out of the blue. Dean was so flustered to see Castiel enter the bar. Safe to say, Dean figured something on his own when both colleagues and waitresses flirt with the bomb squad officer and that was how fucked up it was to not get Cas alone. It was an eye opener to Cas too who admitted he was bothered with escorts surrounding Dean left and right. It was a bittersweet memory.
“What?” Alarmed, Castiel pushed himself from the bed to lean on his elbow. “What gave you that idea?”
“You feeling a little warm?”
“What’s that?”
“When one jumped at me from my locker and I sort of screamed in the middle of high school.” Dean wouldn’t stop staring at him. It was not uncomfortable, much to the accountant’s surprise. Probably because he liked staring at Dean too.
Castiel’s heart somersaulted.
“I’m fine,” Castiel whispered, nodding so Dean understood. He held the man's arm and squeezed him there. Dean looked unappeasable.
“Thank you, Dean.
So, he didn’t move from where he was standing, nor did Dean like they were both too spooked. Well, Dean looked it. Castiel sighed.
Castiel took everything he was told and made a mental note which to do first thing in the morning.  He checked his phone to make a list just to be sure and then saw that he had no signal. That startled him. He hadn’t told his parents where he was staying for summer break. Not that he minded, but…
Dean held his breath. He still felt like jumping out of his skin when the doctor ran both palms from his shoulder down to his wrists. Dean was sure electric bolts were cracking them and he did his best to focus on the doctor’s voice. He didn't understand where the relief was coming from but his mind identified strongly that it was good. So good. He hadn't felt that relaxed in ages. He had no one else to see but the handsome doctor of his dreams speaking love languages to his over fatigued body.
“I had them debone and cut the meat into parts. There are 51 kilos of meat here from the pig that you bought. This is all of it.”
“Do you city boys always do it like that?”
Which meant focusing also on the man’s lips.
“Are these Mozzarella cheese?” he asked as he touched the surface of one, “I heard Mozzarella’s better to use with pizza,”
But it was at the expense of seeing Dean’s vulnerable side too.
“S-shut up. You—you’re—” Dean swallowed whatever he was about to say when his gaze fell on the angel’s pants. “You want help on that?”
“Why didn’t you go back to the barn house?” Dean could not help sparing the angel’s vessel another run through and avoided eye contact while his brain was full of how ripped it was. Castiel tilted his head.
Castiel glanced up and saw the blonde woman from before in the Food Processing Department with Balthazar. A sophomore.
Dean’s nod was short, giving Castiel that second to smash their lips together. The angel took a moment to enjoy the feel of Dean’s lips. It was more than he imagined it to be, kissing Dean and becoming very aware that their crotches were pressed together. The dungeon was silent except for their breathing and Castiel could just imagine the kind of memory it could save by just the noise they would make later.
“You didn’t have that last night,” he swore he could remember that at least.
"I don't know what's going on here but you just told me all my men are dead…” Roman yelled from above the noise of the helicopter.
Castiel glances up, face flushed with happiness.
“What?”
“Cas! How many times do I have to tell you—
“That’s rich coming from you,” Castiel touched Dean’s arm and lead him to the path towards the dorms or they will be late, “I think you’re more popular than I am.”
To say that he was surprised was an understatement. He glanced at Dean who nodded at him, surprisingly still looking pissed but managed to give him a thumb up.
“Well, take care and don’t get attacked by bears now. There’s plenty of them this year.”
Dean had been so surprised by the message he knocked over his black coffee to get the gadget. Funny thing, the cup was empty when he didn’t remember drinking it. There was a short moment he forgot what he was trying to get once he entered the bedroom. To his relief, the bed didn’t look as threatening at night. It simply was just a room with curtains shielding it from the sunlight. Dean stepped back, remembered what he needed before getting the laptop still charging from the corner. He remembered leaving it there last night and never had the chance to retrieve it.
“What…who else…?” She paled. Dean inclined his head as a suspect was mentally eliminated from his mind.
"Aw fuck."
“Well, people like to fool around.”
“I don’t really want to talk about him.”
“What—I—
Castiel never imagined this was going to be offered and a flash of him and Dean living together in a sort of sex-fantasy world nearly made him nauseous. He never wanted Dean that way.
“I texted back!”  Dean said defensively, irritated for some reason.
“Yeah?”
“See? So, I heard you’re a genius in this subject! I need your help, please?”
"Well, I'm okay. I'm glad you're here for Sam all this time, Cas, thank you."
“If you don’t want your lunch, you can always give it to me.” Gavin said when half the class returned to find their lunch pack on the table. Watching the meat processing took about an hour and a half so they were excused in their first hour of practicum.
“Really? Hey, Cas!” Charlie called, waving at him, “I’m looking forward to this! Please invite me!”
“That friend who was just here,” she went on when he didn’t reply, “You know… the guy whose waiting for you with that classic car? Is he someone special to you?”
Dean used brute strength that surprised the angel. He tumbled back on the bed as Dean sat up, expression of someone he's made up his mind. One of those things that Castiel always feared.
“What are you doing still out there, idiot?”
“Why are you looking at an old oven?” Dean leaned from behind him, as he dried his hair with his towel, “Are you up to something again, Cas?”
Dean glanced at him again, made up his mind and smiled.
“Well, seeing as we’re doing this… what do you think our relationship is? Are we more than friends? Or are we just…”
“What’s the problem, you call me by my name.”
Adam whistled, “Guess it wasn’t one-sided after all.”
“And here I thought you’re the cowboy type in love with anything metal with his pretty car.”
Dean grinned a little sheepishly, dimple on the corner of his mouth showing as pulled his gloved right hand out too then offered it to him.
He smirked at Cas who gave him a tiny smile.
"Yes." Dean's certain he could feel Castiel smiling.
“Don’t worry.” She raised a finger to the angel’s temple, “I’m here to clear your head.” With the tip of her finger, she showed him a vision. It was like being transported into time, maybe it was the same thing as what happened to Sam. But Castiel was there, and it was the same vision he had. Of where he pictured Dean living with a future family happily with a blurred wife in the background, Sam visiting with a child named Dean, see Dean live out his life till old age.
“Gavin, it’s actually Cas who deserve an award, y’know.” Inias said as he climbed up the top bunk. Gavin looked around the room.
“Stop getting in my head, okay?” Dean chuckled.
"Don't come any closer!" Dean shouted at once.
Castiel glanced at the stool beside him suddenly occupied by another man in a denim jacket. He stared him in the eyes and saw no underlying malice behind the brown orbs. But he did look tipsy.
“I—what?”
Dean couldn’t believe where he was nor did he remember ever getting there. He was seated on a rectangular table inside a very fine mansion with a high Victorian-style ceiling coupled with crystal chandeliers that lit the room anew. His brain was scattered in a moment, all he remembered was kissing the doctor and now in a blink of an eye, he found himself perfectly seated at a dining table—with fine dining utensils and rich breakfast. But what was most bizarre was—he somehow felt in his skin. Reborn. Rejuvenated.
“It’s almost harvest time and the strawberry greenhouse’s lock was picked on. Luckily, they didn’t get it to open so now we’re here.”
“Do you really think I’m such a brittle person?” he took a step towards Dean, “Do you think I did not know what you are capable of once your fear kicks in?” he stopped in front of Dean who couldn’t understand why the doctor felt like inches taller than him. His blue eyes gleamed dangerously that Dean was unable to look away.
“I didn’t say I hate em. I said I was allergic. My ex-girlfriend’s daughter owned two tabbies. Relationship didn’t work.” He pressed a heel on the side of the wall. Castiel watched him in wonder.
“Then it’s fine. If you want to really go home though, I thought my farm’s good enough? I was actually thinking it’s what you can call home now.”
Dean laughed.
The baby was fast asleep and looking much better. Castiel sat opposite Dean on the couch and patiently watched as Dean plastered a square bandage on his palm after cleansing it with antiseptic in the gentlest manner. The warm on his fingers pressing on his, it’s a feeling Castiel wanted to indulge. Wanted to have more.
“We don’t really see cheese in the facility because it’s hard to age them, but I think I know exactly where to look. Leave it to me!” she said triumphantly.
There was a brief exchange of tensed looks, then Dean scratched his head. “Alright, fine. But no more making a monkey out of me.”
And he was enraptured. He slept with Dean’s name on his lips and how it was lovely to hear Dean shortened his name.
“Are you feeling okay, Cas?” Dean suddenly asked.
They were all pale as they sat around the map table. Sam was biting his thumbnail, Dean had hand clasped under the table while Castiel sat beside Dean quietly. Jack came around carrying beers in a tray. He carefully set the bottles down before quietly taking the chair opposite his three guardians.
“I’m not sad, just…” Castiel stared at Dean longingly before sneaking a look around. When he saw there were a lot of people, he heaved a deep sigh. “I just want to kiss you.”
“You don’t say you still defend assholes like that.”
“After summer vacation,” Castiel said quietly, patting the pig’s head. Ham glanced up at him with innocent blank eyes and sweet oink. Castiel watched him with a pinch in his heart. After summer vacation, Ham will be…
"Remove it.  It's bloody."
“What am I, a ghost?”
“Winston Churchill once admitted he’s very fond of pigs. Why? Because ‘Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. But pigs treat us as equals.’ You’d agree that some people associate pigs with something vile and dirty or unclean, but that should not be the case. They roll in the mud to protect themselves from parasites and hot temperatures of the day. They have a keen sense of smell which aids their memory and are considered the best among the animal kingdom. They also have very strong jaws that could easily bite on human fingers so be careful.” The group moved to where an adult mother pig had just been brought next to what looked like a small pet house. “This is the nursery station. Sows and piglets are kept here.”
Castiel wouldn’t stop looking at him after that. When they arrived at the meeting with team Alpha and Bravo, Dean was sure Castiel was burning holes at the back of his head.
“It's okay, Dean."
“Well, did your doctor give you any medications?” Sam was nodding on the screen, “I don’t advise you take any heavy medications but maybe you can ask her for patches? Or antidepressants? It’s better than becoming desperate and use non-prescribed sedatives. God, I don’t want to imagine. Sleeping pills are best used short-term, but the way you are now, you’d easily fall reliant to it. What else did she say?”
The clock ticked by like a jibe at his upcoming doom. His chest tightened at the prospect of the world turning silent where everything turned still and only his heartbeat ruled his ears. The shortness of his breath made him hyperaware of his surroundings. The tremor of his right hand signaled it was near. He curled into a ball inside the tub filled with water, mentally willing his senses to stop beating the shit out of his frenzied brain.
“I told you it's white,” Castiel said, expression predatory as he stood in front of Dean again with only his underwear.
“Yes. To terrorize you.” Dean couldn’t see his husband’s face but the way Castiel’s body just stiffened, he knew the bomb squad officer was very displeased.
“So,” Adam said quietly, “it’s time to say goodbye.”
Dean did. Castiel never missed a second as Dean’s whole face brightened up and he ate the entire piece in one gulp. Everyone saw Dean’s reaction too and dug in their own pieces with huge smiles on their faces. There was a roar after the first bite. Even the teachers were amazed at the taste.
“You mean the ‘personal space?”
“Oh, you’ll pay for it,” Dean said quietly that shook Castiel’s for some reason. The flash of hunger behind the handyman’s eyes didn’t escape him.
“Cas? How long have you been standing there?” Dean asked, blinking at Castiel who was startled at the sudden attention.
.” Dean growled like a bitch.
“Jack, you need to be more vigilant with these other creatures—especially when you nearly used your powers when we’re keeping Chuck—”
Dean had read those files and silently nodded.
“This is awesome, Cassie, you really did it,” Balthazar told him with a proud smile, “When I first heard of the pizza party, I thought everyone was only raising their hopes up. But seeing as it was you who was leading it, I suddenly had no doubt that it would be fun. Look at everyone now, smiling so happily,”
Dean blinked. "I thought it was obvious..."
Silence followed his words. Castiel pressed his lips. He knew he was talking too much. That’s when he heard Dean sigh.
“Are you in pain?” Dean murmured, kissing his cheeks softly as he stopped moving with concern in his green eyes. Castiel relaxed and breathe in air. He could feel Dean filling him still, growing a little concerned with the man’s growing length.
"That was nothing, anyway if I'd gotten home, I'd do nothing but watch tv. I'd rather spend time with you, you're cool."
"You can't hurt me anymore... I... own you." not in the way he would have liked. "It's a demon binding contract."
“It is,” Castiel said sincerely. Only, Dean snorted and shrugged.
“Okay, the contract here says I gotta cut through your plastered ceiling, no way telling how long but cutting right through the drywall is necessary. If the son of a bitch is found at once, then that’s time saved for me, but if not I’m gonna have to cut all the way, even if we have to install a new one and come back tomorrow—"
"No, Dean I-"
Silence fell. Castiel looked up wondering why Dean wasn’t saying anything when the handyman was all a chatterbox since the first time they met. Glancing up, he caught Dean staring at him with transfixed green eyes wide, his face a little red.
"Why?" Dean sat still. Castiel licked his lips. If one thing was certain in this meeting, it was that Dean was finally succumbing to him, or his lust whatever this is. Castiel had never thought Dean could hold him gently even as a demon, but after tonight and the many times the demon called his name, he knew he has his hand wrapped around the demon.
It was a peaceful morning.
“You want to kill me.” Castiel clarified.
“Right, I guess, we’ll do this separate way, huh?” Dean said finally, hiding his disappointment as Castiel fell silent.
Sam said to think of his future… but can he really make Cas happy though? Because he’s not feeling confident about it…
“What? Am I bothering you?” Dean asked good-naturedly as he flipped a page from the mythology book he was reading. Castiel stared at his handsome face free from dirt of soil or sweat of labor. It was still so beautiful.
“I uh… I uh… will come back early tomorrow if you want.”
“I can’t do that—I have expenses to pay—”
"Yeah," Dean grinned and there was no mistaking the vibe Castiel was getting from him.
“I think it’s something to do with Jack’s powers.” They exchanged ominous looks.
Dean’s overreaction, mouth open, brows furrowed brought a smile over the accountant’s face.
“Succubus…?” Dean couldn’t even put meaning to the word. “What?”
“I want you to be careful.”
“We need to talk.”
Why don’t you do your magic to prove how good you are to me?”
"You… like me, Dean?" he could feel his heart race. Dean Winchester, his Dean saying this.
Castiel laughed nervously. To talk about marriage so casually was so like Dean.
“Did you really go out there just to protect me?” Castiel breathed, tilting his head up with both their eyes locked on each other. Dean wrapped hands on his waist and pulled him close to his body, flushed and hot.
He stayed in the Bunker for the sole reason he could feel Dean do not want him away. If he did, Castiel was certain he would break Dean. They may not be speaking, but their minds were loud, souls were closer than before.
“Are you okay, Inias?” Castiel asked his friend who was passing the lunch box around, “You still look pale.”
“I have keys, of course, I lock.” He frowned, “What’s this about? Spit it out, Dean.”
Castiel didn’t press. He nodded at the arrangement even if it was obvious Dean’s keeping something from him. But Dean near him now, how can he even rest?
“What—why? What do you mean? Is something the matter? Can’t you make it later?” And just when he thought of ordering some pizza to thank Dean because yesterday, he forgot to offer anything to the handyman when it was way past supper. Food didn’t seem like the treat last night.
“I’m sorry, I have my plans in order and can’t accommodate making new friends. You know how it is here in CALS. We’re just so fucking busy.”
“Dean,” Castiel nudged him, uncertain of Mrs. Butters. She ogled at them like a habit she got from cats before smiling sweetly.
“What’s going on?” Anna asked as she walked behind them, “Is Castiel naming a piglet?” Their classmates gathered around them so Castiel pressed closer to Dean.
.” Castiel said sharply.
He stared at a mannequin hand raised above wet boxes and had to frown. “Just how… was there a tailoring subject in this school before? Where am I supposed to begin here?”
The sky was a gift to Castiel’s eyes every night. CALS was so far from the city that everything in here was dead come midnight. But not the stars. At night, they come to life, they dance and make a whirlwind of one’s eyes. They dazzle anyone who dares to look up and snatch their souls. They are breathtaking the way they just fill everything in his eyes.
Dean didn’t continue but the way his cheeks were coloring got Castiel interested. He took a sip from his keep, all the while keeping his eyes fixated on Dean who was conscious of his gaze. Benny had dissolved in the crowd.
“So, are we going to make cheese, then?” Dean drawled looking doubtful.
“You sent me to battle a dozen demon, excuse me for being bitter.”
Dean’s head had stopped banging, the same as his heart had stopped for a moment, realizing how they were wrapped up in Roman Cartwright’s evil handiwork. And to think he could’ve lost Castiel there. The only consolation to him was Cas caressing his shoulder, knowing exactly what was running in his mind. Their stare was more than intense, it was a link to their strong bond.
Dean’s jaw dropped.
“Of course, I’m here for Dean, but why would that make you think you’re out of the equation?” she asked testily, “You’re already making a pair...” her eyes draw down on Dean’s nakedness where a blanket flew to cover seconds next. The two beings’ gazes clash, Castiel not liking her smirk at all. He didn’t dare let his guard down too. He was against a primordial being that had all the power in the world to make Dean hers. If she did, Castiel would be hopeless to fight her. Didn’t mean he wouldn’t try. He grasped Dean closer.
“Yes. I mean, we’re dating after all.” But looking at Dean’s happy expression, was this guy only thinking about holding hands? “Let’s just make sure no one finds out.”
Inias sighed and Castiel remembered his reaction when the Poultry senior members beheaded a chicken in front of them. It was also a mind-blowing experience for him.
“Are you a cat or something, come here.” Dean chuckled, too late to realize it was wrong to ask Castiel to stand beside him, let alone enter the room because the moment their shoulder brushed, Dean felt electricity surge in his body and he dropped the shirt.
Dean and Castiel looked at each other and nodded.
Dean shrugged but there it was again, the angry glint in his eyes not meant for anyone but himself. Castiel studied Dean as they both sat down the opposite sides of the couch, him in his fresh clothes after a warm shower, Dean in his sleeping shirt and pants. Castiel sighed at Dean’s grumpy expression. At least he figured, it wasn’t him that Dean was angry at… always, the person Dean would be angry the most…
Punching up on the keyboards, Gadreel was on it at the first drop of the order. He carried the laptop to his captain who leaned beside him to see the screen. Gadreel pointed at the moving man on the stairs.
He loves Dean.
Castiel only pulled him into another hot make out while his length throbbed grinding against Dean. Dean wanted to cry out and was sure both of them were going to explode and it was only through experience that Dean wasn’t coming first. Until Castiel leaned to his cheek, kissed the side of his face, trailing his large hand around Dean’s ass, hot mouth pressing to Dean’s ear, “I got my service gun. You give your ass to me now on that table or I’ll never let you see me use it.”
Dean Winchester tossed and turned after half an hour until he finally decided to remove his shirt. He hung it at the back of his bed, then lay there again. What he thought was to be a very relaxing afternoon turned out impossible. He raised his eyes up to the sky and was blinded by the sunlight still.
Castiel talking to them. There was a short memory of Dean clinging to Castiel shoulder for dear life, Castiel kissing his temple as he kept him safe in some way.
“You look… you don’t look thin at all.”
“Uh, well… no.”
“You got it.”
“They’re so big,” Castiel whispered to himself as he let the three large pigs crowd in front of him. Then he turned to Dean. “What is ‘impossible not to do’?”
“I—what!?” Dean was aghast.
They were met by a security representative from Home Depot who gladly lead them to the security footage room. “We’ve already noted your message from this morning and the assigned organized law enforcement found the barcode leading to this branch. We’ve already checked the CCTV footage and found the Roman Cartwright’s profile you also sent to us to investigate.” The
"It was wrong from the beginning," Castiel acknowledged, "but... it was a risk I had to take."
“Do you drink?”
Castiel paused and observed Dean quietly.
“Yeah, I’ll call you Cas. Castiel’s good but it sounded a bit like a name your mom will call you when she’s angry. So, Cas!” Dean said like it’s been decided.
Pizza came in rounds. They set at least a dozen pieces before they could even it out for everybody. Everybody looked at Castiel who took the first bite. Everything just melted in his mouth and he was too ecstatic to speak. He patted Dean’s shoulder repeatedly and beamed at him.
pleaded the woman, wriggling out and getting yanked back.
“I’m saying you really look shit. Maybe Crowley’s after your ass because you look dead and he will kick your ass after some test. Make sure you’re good to have in a closed space with company. What do you have, Dean?”
“Fixing stuff? It looked like you were breaking stuff—on
Castiel stared at Dean over. “Really?”
"I just thought... you and me... it's funny how it took us a long time to be here."
Someone was beside him in seconds. The pain wasn't something he couldn't endure. He could still feel his numb body, but mostly the numbness of seeing something so spectacular from such a height. Castiel didn't know what was happening for a few seconds before green lights covered his vision. Castiel blinked up at Dean. He heard frantic words around, but all he could do was squeeze Dean's arm.
“Yes, I joined the Holstein club so I could see the livestock up close.”
Castiel let Dean take his fingers and then observed Dean’s own. His fingers have long healed much to Castiel’s awe.
“But Crowley’s dead—”
“I’d be careful,” Dean suddenly said out of nowhere.
Balthazar just smiled, before turning to Castiel.
Sam was still there, just watching him with concern in his eyes.
“This? This is nothing. I used to help out at other neighboring farms when I was a kid, plus there are always coops like this in all of our grade levels. It’s a skill you also pickup from watching the grown-ups so it’s nothing.”
“Dean.” Doctor Castiel Novak uttered. “Come for me.”
“Can you hear me? What’s your name?” The deep gravely voice sort of mellowed in volume but still clear.
It was on the fourth day that development happened.
"It's a compliment, dammit, move!" Castiel sank to him with vigor relieving the memory of the show. "Shit, next time we watch it together!"
Castiel nodded.
“Dean, you’re staring. Is something wrong?”
Castiel saw his eyes flicker, his lips wet from pressing because of him.
Castiel Novak only chuckled softly. Almost condescendingly.
“You’re so cute when you blush like that,” Castiel said aloud then stopped. He knew Dean reacted poorly on being admired or teased and it showed as his whole face threatened to burst.
“I forgot the kid could see. Wish I could too.”
Castiel did and was so into eating, he only realized Dean was watching him indulge halfway his food.
“I am jobless now, yeah. I called them for papers and last pay, they’ll send it to my brother because you know? No one’s in my apartment now. So, I need something to pay you with—”
“That’s not what a bust lip tells me.”
“You did say that coach,” Dean grinned beside Castiel, “besides, I think these are secret stashes, am I right?”
“You have to thoroughly wash and polish them all like this,” Dean made a demonstration. Castiel couldn’t believe how nimble and gentle Dean’s fingers were all else considered. The man raises horses with those calloused fingers. He imagined Dean to be brusque, and yet the way he ran the egg in his palm delicately was mesmerizing. “See?” Dean winked at him as he put the egg on the tray.
“Did you not learn anything from heaven, Dean?” Castiel plucked up the courage and did it. He took one of Dean’s hands from his face and tugged it down so he could see Dean’s face better. He squeezed his hand in assurance, “All has been forgiven. Charlie even, she forgave you, forgave all of us. So, what is there to fret about when these memories only now serve as a guide never to do it again? Here in this second life?”
“Oh, you’re also from CALS, huh? Judging from your work jacket, you’re also a first-year student.” The guy smiled earnestly. True to his observation, Castiel saw the guy was wearing the same green long sleeve jacket and pants endorsed as their official practical uniform. So, they’re on the same level? Castiel’s heart fluttered and he looked away after sensing the man gaping at him too. The guy easily nudged the horse forward and stopped in front of Castiel to just return the stare.
“We grow vegetables and have a co-op agreement with the distribution of the crop in the market. These boxes need to be delivered soon so you’ll be helping to carry these things in the delivery truck often. We have thirty-five cattle and six horses to feed on the clock. The small cattle can be let around in the pasture for grazing. We have a milking unit where you have to make sure you’re well disinfected so you don’t put the production at risk. You can help with herding the cows in the milking room. This time of the day, the horses can be let out to the exercise pen. You can return them to the stables around noon.”
“This is a private consultation. I’m a specialist. But money does not inspire me. If you want to pay me, you’re going to have to give me that body and still it wouldn’t be enough.”
“We’re fine here and don’t worry about it. We still need Mrs. Butters anyway so we don’t make matters worse… we don’t want to set it off to show whatever else it can.”
“I was serious when I told you I enjoyed our time together.” Dean looked at Castiel and mutely nodded in agreement. He reached for the shirt and hold it in the air with Cas who didn’t let go. “I’d much rather stay with you all the time, you know that.”
Dean slumped on Castiel’s chest still moaning as Castiel pulsated inside him. It took a long while before Castiel was done and by then they were both a mess. Dean was thoroughly satisfied judging by his expression and the leaking white cum on his legs. Both were in a haze of post-orgasm, Castiel not letting Dean go anywhere while he just stood there in his own world.
“Yeah, that’s true,” Adam said when they ambushed him in the recreation room after dinner, “We normally let the food processing department do what they will but we’re also allowed to get some and do whatever we want with them. We grow tomatoes in the greenhouse too, if you want you can ask Cole about it, he’s in the food processing. If it’s for our pizza project, then I’d gladly get as many as you need.”
“No,” Dean growled, pulling away from nipping his neck and looking him straight in the eyes, “You’re not hiring another service in this household without me around. Who knows, what if you got another maniac who’d attack you—without good intention, huh? No way, you’re not hiring anyone. You got me for everything you need,”
“You joined the club, right?” Dean grinned at him as they walked side by side back to the dining hall for lunch with the rest of the students, “I knew it! You’d love it there. Horses are the gentlest creature on earth.” They fell in line to get their tray of food. Once they had their portion, Castiel was glad to know Dean had followed him to join his table where he sat with his roommates.
The angel nodded, handing Dean the shirt.
Waking up on the wrong side of the bed was nothing new to Castiel. He felt light, he felt rejuvenated. And yes, he also felt that sting of the after sex which made him smile too. That feeling of happiness enveloping his body knowing this was a mark that he wasn't alone, that he had someone taking care of him, that he could rely on someone, was indeed, a lovely feeling.
“Shut up, I don’t have anything contagious. You’re really rude, you know that?”
So it was to his relief when he caught sight of a pointy tail disappearing in the hallway. He jumped after it immediately, turning to the kitchen and looking underneath the tables and top of the shelves. He was certain it’s here where he saw the cat disappear— it was the male cat with the long black tail and white pointy one.
Dean returned to his car after giving a short pep talk with Team A. He was in an underground parking lot when he noticed a paper clipped on his car’s windshield. Dean stiffened. He scanned the empty parking lot and checked on the CCTV pointed at his car. Taking the note, he saw a short scribble of one word:
“Always a pleasure,” Dean didn’t stop nipping his ear, dirty hands soiling the middle of Castiel’s stomach. Castiel took a moment to settle his pounding heart and the dizziness that came from such a hard come. Only when he was able to see straight did he swat Dean’s hand and turned to face him. He saw Dean licking his fingers like a lollipop, white beads of his come disappearing in Dean’s sinful lips. Castiel groaned again. “That’s disgusting. Wash your hands.”
“It’s like watching eight hams in a row,” Cole grinned.
“No.”
“I’m honestly sore.”
The starry night sky illuminated their way.
“Being rude’s what saved my neck all this time, believe me.” Meg gave him one eyeful before walking away, “Now drop by Crowley’s office first before you start working.”
"And yet they're unable to pass with flying colors being unable to help you, so here we are."
“You know what, for a celebrated doctor, you’re really a piece of work.”
“Um… I never took you to be such a careful man,” Castiel half smiled as he sat down on the opposite side of the table where Dean placed his toolbox.
“Are you really serious about this, Castiel?” Anna met his eyes with a straight face, “Making pizza?”
“You’re both a sight to look at! Hey, Dean, tell me when you’re gonna give him that round cheese when you both make it official—”
The doctor also hadn’t told him if there was a need to dig deeper in Dean’s memories. Dean had made his own observation of the celebrated ex-doctor and he began the conversation when Castiel allowed him entry into the study.
Castiel reached to touch Dean’s bottom lips with his finger and traced it to one corner, his eyes unblinking.
“Years, Cas… this is makeup for years.” He said and was awarded the faintest blush from the white silk sin. Castiel pulled him for another deep kiss possibly kissing his soul.
“Dean?” he called again albeit knowing the man could not hear him.
“Not just unscrewing, but cutting if needed. But all this is because I am allergic to cats so I gotta keep my skin to myself. So, if you have cats inside, better get them locked up or it’s hives.”
"I mean, I remember bits of it, y'know? Like it was a dream and I... was both hating and loving it." Castiel looked up, and something on his face had Dean stepping towards him carefully. "Cas-- I'm not blaming you for it. Sam explained the ritual to me and he was clear on the details of what you gotta do... you did it to help me,"
Dean was there, waiting for him outside the building in the middle of the foggy morning. Castiel smiled. He never thought he’d feel so grateful for a man he just met. He was just glad Dean was there with him along the way.
Sleep came back to him but it was short lived. The idea of Cas beside him shouldn’t be making anyone sleepy. Dean sighed. He could still hear chattering of people and the sound of the sea. The sun continued to shower his back with glory it was just right… he knew he’d drifted but something nagged at the back of his brain.
But Sam’s words stopped him from moving. Be with the mark or not, everything that Dean had will start crumbling once he disappeared. Who knows if what Dean had in mind would make him the happiest tonight? He just couldn’t risk it. Especially when Dean was asking. He stayed where he was seated, hands clasped in prayer, head pressed on his thumbs, willing Dean to understand. He never heard a single word from Dean again.
“Well, at least the stables are clean. The horses will feel comfortable staying in them more.” Charlie noted happily.
“Yeah, I noticed,” Castiel liked it that Dean settled beside him to watch the pigs too, “Are you still going to guard later? We’ll have extraneous club activity later with you teaching us to jump with the horses.”
"Are you okay?" Dean asked, standing up and reaching for Castiel's shoulder and giving him a squeeze, "That nutcase was lucky he only got a bleeding nose."
“I thought you said you had no time for romance?”
“I love you.” Castiel reached for Dean’s cheek. “You know I do.”
“Am doing.”
“I’ll check the attic now, but first we gotta meet the owner of the cats.” Dean called to him, pulling back to the main door as Castiel gawked at him. He let the word sink in before gasping—
This was just another trial for them but he’s certain that in the end, he and Dean will find away.
“Bitch,” Dean pulled his locker again and snatched a small pouch bag that has his toothbrush and other personal necessities. His morning at work already proving to be a trying one, Dean did not expect any better once he was inside their manager’s office.
Castiel stared at the man then looked past him to Inias.
“Isn’t she just cute?” Dean said fondly.
Dean held onto his hand tight too. They never really spoke about the kiss back at the club room, but Castiel was sure this was their answer. Dean asked for his phone and raised it up the air where the signal finally clicked in. It was Dean who sent the message, it was also Dean who pulled on his hand as they made their way back home. It was a chilly night with the leaves rustling to the movements of creatures hidden behind the bushes, and yet Castiel didn’t feel afraid. He had Dean with him.
That’s where the delusion stopped because it wasn’t real. Sam told him not to fall for the trick and he didn’t need telling twice. But this was Dean. Sometimes Castiel just want to believe that he can have Dean’s love too… but it was one thing he could never have.
“Hello, mom?”
“Cas,” Dean said seriously, “Just let it go. This is not a competition. You can’t do it on your own. You have to think about your partner too.”
Was this doctor a fugitive? Dean never knew doctors could be so evasive. But Dean was a persistent man and once he made up his mind, it would only be a matter of time to locate the doctor. The second day was the same fruitless endeavor with the anticipation making Dean too preoccupied even at night. He read almost all articles about the doctor and was impressed that he was only a few years older than Dean but has the capacity of one running a country. His photos were no waste to look at, the doctor was very pleasing to stare at with his supreme looks. In Dean’s mind’s eyes, he’s already seeing Dr. Novak be his light and he kept chasing his shadow. He dreams of him while awake, putting him on a pedestal of the only person who could save him.
"Oh, Dean lend it to me."
When he entered the dining room, Castiel heard his own stomach rumble at the sight of a meal with plenty of vegetable side dishes. He didn’t know where Dean got the seafood but there was plenty on the table to feast on. Dean’s rumbling chuckle had Castiel blushing next.
Castiel couldn’t remember most of it, his head was still aching when he arrived in the office around eight, just beating off the bandy clock before it signaled, he was late. He finished the report just three hours ago and even skipped coffee, but this wasn’t what was making him grumpy. At the back of his mind, something was telling him that something else happened that morning.
“I think somebody says on my back and poured lotion all over my body. I wonder who that was, I’d kiss em.”
Dean smiled easily.
“Hey, Cas,” Inias called one night.
Mouth hanging open, hands slowly lowering, Dean turned to Crowley then back at his body on the bed. What the hell was happening. Before he could say anything else, Crowley began to speak, in a monologue that addressed the unconscious Dean.
“Yes, we’re just cleaning up,” Castiel beamed at him because he always loved to see Dean riding a horse. The way other people were watching him too, he just knows they were mesmerized by how handsome the rider was. “Wanna hang out for lunch?”
“Yeah, I just had to make sure the fences are all locked properly and the machinery is all off. Are you done there? I’ll just wash my hands and help you set up your room. Wow, did you tidy up everything already? You’d really make a good husband material!”
Castiel bit his bottom lip. There was no mistake about his growing infatuation with the man, but he didn’t want to ruin the mood. But something else caught his attention.
“Yes,” Castiel answered without a hitch. Adam just blinked at him. Castiel could do that eye-staring. He probably won because Adam just smirked and gave him a thumbs up.
This.. this is…
There’s so much more to learn. So much to see. So much to be thankful for being alive and just be…
Dean rammed full in his cock, moaning at the top of his voice and he was loud. Castiel shut his eyes, his legs quickly bending so he could reach for Dean as the demon fuck on his cock. Dean was already lost in the first few ramming, bouncing up and down the angel’s lap wildly.
The voice came from above and Castiel sighed in relief. Craning his neck to get a better view, what he saw took his breath away. If this was a painting, this man would be the muse in the middle. If this was a fairy tale, he was certainly the prince. Behind the horse was a face he thought he’d only see in movies. He had clean-cut chestnut hair under a cowboy hat, his greenest of eyes matching the shimmering leaves basking in the morning sunlight with his little sunspot freckles that added beauty to his unmatched perfection. He was a sight to behold, an oasis to dry land. Castiel managed to stop his mouth from hanging, but he certainly didn’t stop looking.
“It’s not a big deal, I like doing it.” Castiel said after giving Billy his coat.
“Aw, Cas, it was nothing. Running after thieves is like second nature to country kids like me.”
Back at the Headquarters, the first thing that Dean noticed was his locker. It was bulging from the inside. This had him calling Castiel immediately, not daring to open in case there were any contraption in there. He definitely knew it wasn’t how it looked like yesterday.
“I made you rest.” The doctor said simply. “How are you feeling?”
"T-thank you-"
“Oh angel,” Dean purred that Castiel snapped back at him for using Dean’s voice like that, “you don’t need to get jumpy. All the weapon I need is right here in front of you.” He moved his waist salaciously, only earning him another glare. The demon snickered. Castiel’s grace circled the room, weaving into the fabric of a dimension only a demon would feel. Demon eyes roam the room in amusement.  and the light in his eyes wandered around the room.
“Eat it, it’s delicious.” Balthazar encouraged Castiel by patting his back. Castiel could see Inias turning pale as he, too, remembered the still moving chicken. Farm life is crazy, or maybe it’s just the people that make it so—
The bed creaks and the dip lower on the bed had Dean biting his lip. He groaned again when Castiel finally slid his mouth down Dean’s cock, swallowing him down as Dean hissed between his teeth. Castiel hummed around him as he walked his fingers up Dean’s thigh and spread his hands around his hips. Dean groaned again, straining his hips so as not to fuck in his lover’s mouth which was a wet heat that sent sparks all over his body. Then there was the shift again and the source of heat around his cock disappeared. Castiel reached at their side table for the lube, opening the packet and spreading it around his fingers. Dean didn’t have to look; he knew all Cas’ steps by heart. The free finger slid to his entrance, playing at the pucker for a while before dipping inside him slowly. Dean groaned almost a pitiful sound as Castiel absorbed himself in sucking him again, humming with his cock in his mouth, allowing the nudge of Dean’s cock when it was too much and all wanted was to come. Dean sagged back and groaned like he was losing his soul. Castiel pulled up to the tip of his cock, kissed the tip before swallowing him again to swirl his tongue back up the tip and kissing the underside of his length, all the while adding fingers inside him. He could hear Castiel’s ragged sexy sound as he opened Dean. The ache came burning him, but he was used to this intrusion. Cas was focused on working him and he was sexy as hell when he slapped lube on his own cock, listening to the sound of Castiel’s groan. Dean was done for and when Cas kisses his mouth, breathing on his lips, knowing Dean was on the edge. The feel of fingers filling him disappeared. Castiel settled closer between his legs, still pumping Dean before switching to his own cock. The way Cas stared at his hardness back to Dean was sinful.
“It is. Usually they’re just outside, they never come in so I was not ready for this morning.”
“Well, I’m not your responsibility.”
“P-plumber…?” Dean swallowed hard nervously. He could almost imagine what it was about.
Castiel gave Dean a smile, “It sounds nice hearing you say that. But what would your parents say?” It now dawned on him that it was a question that had been on his mind. Dean turned to him with eyebrows up.
Dean wanted to tell him something and right now in order to hear that, he needed to jump. Castiel patted Baby’s back. He did understand Dean’s point about looking after your partner.
Dean moaned on his lips, red skin perspiring warmly.
"The spell wouldn't have worked if our feelings weren't genuine, Dean..." he began slowly, "And I think... whatever form you were then, the fact that the spellbound us because 'love' prevailed inside you..."
And Castiel promised to always look forward to tomorrow to wherever path it would lead him. No matter what his life here would bring, as long as he was with Dean, then he would never be afraid. He could make a life here.
"Doesn't mean you have to, not when I'm here."
Dean traced a hand on Castiel’s free Mark skin, breathed an air of thank you before pinning Castiel on the bed and capturing his lips into his, taking in the moment of victory, finally a victory like chains falling off their limbs and crashing back to where they belong in hell.
“A very, very long time.”
Dean looked back at the onlookers who stared back once then hurried away. A little confused, Dean turned back to the angel who was peacefully sleeping with his head a little on his left with eased breathings. The hunter found nothing odd at this and had to look back on his book again.
"Easy for you to say, you’re not the one who's gonna live that hellish life praying to someone inside a box!"
“What?”
The man blinked. Castiel chuckled after a thorough examination of what he just said because it was such an irony. That Dean was a demon, it was still too cruel to believe. “It’s not his fault…”
“Shhh…” he jacked Dean like an expert. Dean’s body instantly stiffened, hard cock fucking in the angel’s hands. He wanted so bad to know how Castel learned how to make one feel so good when it occurred to him.
Castiel hung up after giving his address to find his boss with crossed arms across the room. He slid down his chair and tried to get back to work, but somehow, he couldn’t get Dean Winchester’s voice out of his head. Castiel was never one to look at sexual orientation, he knew his preferences, but it was the first time he got hit on the phone, the first time he didn’t go berserk at the notion because Dean Winchester’s voice alone caught his attention. It would be pretty nice to see him in person out of curiosity too.
“Mmm…I didn’t think it’s this detailed,” he told Dean dejectedly, “there are still specialized tools that we need to get and then the oven maintenance. I didn’t think of the ingredients too, it’s costly, what more with the number of people coming…”
“Uhh… just the guys asking… anyway, you got home early?”
He promised Sam he’d find him again. Now he was back to square one.
The sounds they made filled the neighborhood as Castiel moved inside him, taking him hard against the headboard and riling him up against it. Dean’s grip turned his knuckles white, Castiel’s sweat-slicked skin felt hot beneath his touch. But they were both lost into the unforgiving rawness of pleasure that hit him to each sink, calling Dean’s name like a prayer. Dean screamed as his orgasm as the raw edge of pleasure hits him, shredding him into pieces with its force as Castiel pistoned inside him, rubbing hard against his stretch and burning their bodies together—and with an explosion that shook Dean’s spine—Castiel came. Bodies arching, Castiel fucking him all through his come and jerking his last release and their bodies fell back on the bed, Dean catching Cas and breathing over his shoulder while feeling Castiel’s heavy breathing against his sweaty chest. He dropped his head back on the pillow, breathing hard. Castiel still hadn’t moved from his position.
“We found C4 in the room. A bag in a corner, I just received the report.” Dean admitted grimly, as he removed his gloves.
“That’s 51 kilos, right?” Dean took one part and weighed it on his palm, “he’s really gotten that prime size for pork. You did a good job, Cas.”
“We’ll take what we get,” Cas answered with a nod, “what about you?”
“You look like someone who could use the company.”
“I think he is, you enjoy yourself.” She managed.
"Don't over-stress yourself. Getting into fights will result with nothing you getting more exhausted. You don't have to get down here, I can drive you to your house."
Castiel woke up with Dean’s face between his legs. It hadn’t been two hours since he was mounted on the wall and got his ass fucked so he let Dean do what he wanted. It didn’t take long. He was already hard when he woke up and with Dean making love with his cock, Castiel felt the building sensation hit him and he spilled in Dean’s mouth with legs thrashing up the air. Stars shone when he shut his eyes with Dean sucking him all through it. Dean didn’t let up his sucking until Castiel was half-hard again and kissing the underside of his cock. It was safe to say the demon was addicted to cock. Castiel knew it had something to do with the preferences of the owner, but he had other things to think about once his cock was out of Dean’s mouth.
The demon groaned and it tried to pry away from his touch, his eyes full black as the void at the beginning of time. Castiel tightened his grip but instead of cuffing the demon as what he initially thought, curiosity filled him. He knew Dean could have taken anyone he wanted if it was only about sex. The charming Demon could have seduced anyone it wanted. And yet it's risked chasing after him only to get caught and now he’s not even fighting back. Just purely seducing him, like the demon that he was.
Gabriel was giving orders. Dean was aiming to where the hostage was being kept. There was an apparent chase heading to the rooftop. Dean wasn’t speaking. It suddenly reminded Castiel of the tactics used at the first hostage situation, but why does it keep happening?
"Dean… " he sobbed with Dean's hand relentless on his cock. His body didn't know which way to go he wanted to thrust in Dean's hand and bury Dean's cock deeper in his ass.  It made him cry when Dean suddenly pushed him down the bed and fucked him roughly.
Dean stopped momentarily and burst out laughing.
“In my office.”
“Well, I was having the time of my life, drinking in the future in this Bali Hill, when all of a sudden Dean Winchester prays to me and tells me he’s willing to offer himself to me in exchange of saving you so—what’s up with that? Does he still think I’m desperate or what?”
“Are you going to do it to me all the time? This hypnotrick?”
Dean welcomed the sweet press of his mouth against his lips and closed his eyes. How could he not think of the bed as his friend now with this kind of gentle lover around? Soon he was falling back with his lover on top of him and Dean thought he’d never be afraid of sleeping again.
“What happened?” Dean could still hear his head pounding in his ears.
“You could’ve said yes.”
“I could’ve been nicer about it,” Dean mumbled.
Castiel stiffened and glanced uncertainly at the horse. It looked good on the prince charming but on him?
Castiel slowly blinked and Dean’s hyperaware of the bead of water drop from his long dark lashes. It made him squirm but there was nowhere else to go.
“I’m okay. But also came about the protection of my younger brother, he’s only in high school…”
“You look shit,” Meg greeted Dean the next morning at the postal station when they clocked in at the same time. “Seems like your tasteless partner’s really getting it from you, huh? What’s their name?”
Castiel’s face morphed into something stunning. Words couldn’t describe the emotions that played on his face, but Dean was certain when Cas kissed his cheeks and they both trudge their way in that snowy sundown, how much he loved the dolt officer. They continued navigating their way in the storage houses, but Cas was too busy unlocking each door, frame by frame. The noise echoed in the empty town; it was almost dark. Until Dean spotted an empty tank. Castiel examined it.
“I’m sorry for leaving you with this work,” Castiel was saying as he wiped his brow with his arm. The glove he was wearing was now very muddy so he removed that too.
Castiel nodded.
“Doesn’t mean there are no burglars.”
“Yeah, because I’m that unlucky.” Dean chuckled.
“Let him go, he’s just a human.”
“You, especially.”
“Why? Cas, you’re basically a human encyclopedia! You’ve aced all the exams, you’re a star pupil if you will. You’re also tutoring Gavin while working extra hard with other things. You don’t see it? You’re amazing.”
“Well— that’s like saying you like me, right?”
"Ahh… oh yeah, Benny said they rented the opposite apartment next to where Abaddon is working. He said from there they can monitor everyone going in and out of the building too.”
“We just need to intercept all the letters coming her way. Put her under surveillance 24/7.”
“Did you have a good sleep, Dean?”
“Very.” The demon nodded manically, black eyes swirling to and from the emerald as it sat up straight. “So bad, you no idea how I want you so badly.”
“You, why are you so good with this?” Castiel made a face when they exited the stables. Dean only grinned at him.
“W-wait—” he was cold all over.
“So, you are aware of the stem of your fear of sleep?”
“I can pick it if you like.”
An eagle flew above. Castiel squinted. He planned to return before breakfast but he could not see the gates of CALS at all. He checked his watch and pursed his lips. There was no way he could make it back before the first-year orientation. He looked behind him to the thick woods. That’s when he saw a sign of
The fair kicked off the moment the gates were opened. Each stall was jam-packed with people from different places. Most of their customers bought vegetables and processed meat, while the rest enjoyed the food stalls. The pizza was such a hit that all the 300 pieces were gone even before lunchtime.
The doctor hummed but didn’t look Dean’s way. There was a gap between them like how earth was to the moon. The ride fell into another tensed silence, Dean not knowing why he ended up there in the first place. He knew he skipped a few appointments, possibly bothered the doctor from his schedule. He just hoped his actions sent off as desperate.
“I think this is my first time trying a different meat, but since you’re the one who cooked it, I’m helping myself.” Castiel looked up at the first spoonful and swallowed. The sweet and spicy flavor spread in his tongue like lava that was just rich in taste, making his whole face brighten. “Wow! This is so good, Dean!”
“The whole building’s clear apart from the room. Already verbalized it with the Fed. Surveillance unit should head his way soon to whichever hole he’s hiding. Bet it wouldn’t take long.” A flash of the tall pale man’s profile lingered on Dean’s mind. The image capture had Dean quiet for a moment.
“Milligan, right?” Dean glanced up from his plate, “Oh yeah, your family runs a crop farm.”
“Wha-? That’s not the point,” Dean said, sounding defensive, “I meant to Jack and it’s his birthday!”
“It’s okay, me and Cas are fine. It’ll be awesome if you are too. No suspicious stuff going around you?”
He snapped the wires, their eyes not pulling away from the other.
“Shut up.” Castiel gave it a narrowed look, “
It hurt him, but the mission comes first before personal feelings.
Dean stared at his lover and then barked laughter. “Well, not to be a bi, but it’s a goodbye to her and me. I only got my eyes on one trophy.
“Dean, I found something. Or rather,
"You are one troublesome little rebel angel. Y’know, Dean has been through things, has felt things for years he buried deep. What you’re doing to him basically was what his father was doing to him. Deciding what's best on his own because he could. That's totally pulling a John Winchester."
“Catching chickens is hard,” Inias grimaced but Gadreel already had him in a headlock. “Let’s go, Inias.” Castiel smiled at them.
“Dean.” Castiel pressed on his cock and pumped his slowly.
Dean did and saw Cas point at something on the counter. Roman dropped something there with his wallet together with his car keys. But as the staff zoomed the screen, it became more apparent as to what Castiel was pointing at.
"Regretting it now?"
“What…?”
“Did you just insult me?” Castiel’s eyebrow raised in the sky. Dean was smiling so bright, much more than the sun. It was blinding.
“Well, cool is repetitive?” Dean grinned, “You’re the smartest guy in our year, you really work hard and you’re so cool—"
“Itslright….”
“We thought Dean won’t ever have the guts to confess. We were worried about him, you know, Castiel? He’s dense in that area, but he comes off naturally flirty when it comes to you.”
Amara drew nearer and Castiel knew she meant no harm, but he wrapped his arms around Dean and embraced him closer, shielding him to whatever it was that the deity was about to do. Amara stopped beside the bed on Castiel’s side, her expression soft.
“Cas!”
Castiel stared at the building, frowning.
Three days passed and nothing happened. The anticipation made Dean itchy. Cas had told him three days was enough time for any serial bomber to execute any vile plan and if Cartwright was as cunning and meticulous as they thought he was then it only made sense he would want to be the talk of the town. So searches and warnings to the community were given about any unexpected packages they see lying around. Being on their elements, both knew never to underestimate a threat, not when lives could be at risk.
Dean hummed, making a face as the ice cubes clank inside his empty glass. He considered for a second, then glanced over his shoulder again, quietly hunting, it’s his favorite game.
Castiel swallowed but Amara waved away his concern.
"We're not actually clueless about this case," Charlie was saying as she showed them the scanning results of Abaddon’s message, “I mean it was his fingerprint too so he’s really bold. But I called you both here because of this thing.”
"Good thing you have your partner around," Officer Hanscum said as she nodded at Dean who, after making sure that Cas was okay, had disappeared on the kitchen and busied himself with fixing the door again, "He is pretty handy and well… pretty."
“Do we need to remove the ceiling one by one?”
“He—he studied your case in his school… he’s trying to be a lawyer.”
“They are right there.” He pointed.
“Ms. Abaddon?”
“It’s just a bust lip.”
.” The deep voice sounded sharp.
“Nah, I feel like my luck is right here at the rear,” Dean wriggled his brows and if he hadn’t been a country boy, Castiel would’ve accused him of being a playboy. He wouldn’t even blame him even then. Dean was such a pretty person to look at.
“Oh,” Castiel led Baby to Dean who brushed as they prepared for the jumps, “You’re all going to graduate soon. I can’t believe you three won’t be around after Summer break.” He watched Lee ride down towards him, “
Castiel only gave the handyman a long look before turning away.
Castiel blinked, decided against responding before closing the door. He tried not to show Dean what was bothering him when he turned around. Dean's instantly brightened.
“Just Cas?”
“Come to think of it, this is all because of me,” boasted Gavin but everybody ignored him and rolled eyes.
“Hello,” Castiel started as the unknown guy surveyed him with interest. It turned into a curious look one that made him self-conscious because he had never stared at a man so much before, and never had been stared at so intensely.
“Are you kidding? This is home,” Dean said, “If we can take care of an entire CALS land, this is a piece of cake.”
“Cas…what are you doing…” he muttered in his sleep because the feeling was lulling him more to relax.
From the chaos of the room walked a ray of sunshine that has Dean’s heart summersaulting. Monikered the ‘Malakai’, nothing else best describes an angel that walked in the room with his rumpled dark hair all too familiar to Dean, with his sharp jaw line that could cut through a diamond, thunder sharp blue eyes that can be numbing when pissed. The sight so pleasing Dean had swallowed because the very man was heading towards him. A breeze of cool air swept through the room otherwise how would Dean feel the hot steam that has become his face. Dean just couldn’t get enough of those eyes. It just keeps sucking him in. He barely heard Garth telling him about the tactical officers from bomb squad has given approval for join operation after the developments with the Cartwright brothers.
"Will you forget me, Dean?” He needed to know if he could bear the thought. But it meant being kinder to Dean. He should let go. For both their sakes.
Dean tried to keep a straight face. “No, not sir.”
It’s not that! I have stuff I want to spend money too, y’know— and I’m not going to accept your money!”
Castiel breathed. “I don’t know how to relax. I’m trying to copy you but… I wouldn’t say you look like you’re pooping.”
Dean flushes hard as he heard the silent amusement in the bartender’s tone as Castiel looked intently at the stranger.
“We will definitely help you!” Gavin promised, “That’s our number one student! You can do it!”
“I think we need to go shopping.”
“No, I just—” Dean’s face was fully debauched at the first few strokes, cheeks red, lips wet and drooling as the hunter patted him impatiently, “Dammit, I knew you were big, but not this big.”
Castiel nodded, the pain in his chest spreading. "I need to go, Dean."
“You have to ask?”
The way his eyes gleamed, Castiel feared the handyman just might. He scrambled to get his pants back. He caught with Dean just in time to see his back disappear outside. Castiel sucked his breath and ran after him. The cool breeze of the night met his skin and the darkness of his surrounding made Castiel’s heart skip a beat. He found Dean standing on the lawn, broad back uptight, fist closed with right hand holding a hammer. His head faced the left corner of the street with ears perked as of listening intently to any sound.
He, the Winchesters and Castiel are now back home too, as he promised himself, he would bring them all back to where they all belong. He wanted to be with them so bad, a yearning no power could endure and so since he’s got everything on his hand, being a little selfish, he snapped his finger one last time to get them all home. Others can have the power of God, he just wanted to be with his family. He recalled the time he snapped all of them back in the Bunker. Sam was shellshock. Cas and Dean won’t stop looking at each other and Jack guessed there’s something stirring between them, something animalistic, though Cas had more control than Dean. They are together now, a cross mark on his list after being demoted as a god.
Except Castiel only turned to open the door.
“Why are you smiling so much?” he asked Dean while they walked together to their assigned classroom where other students flocked to find seats.
Dean chuckled and faced Cas behind him, body flushed against each other, fingers trailing at each other’s skin as warm water sprinkle above them. The glass cab started to moisten, and Dean thought Castiel always kissed so deliberately as to arouse him.
“I have been told.”
“Tomorrow?” Castiel gave the handyman a surprise look. “Why?”
"Right now, you're the only one keeping me sane." Dean admitted, "Cas... I... I don't know how to fix this but I want to... if you leave now, I know what I'll do... just swim in my guilt and after being a demon? I don't want that. I don't want what you and Sam sacrificed and went through go to nothing, so if it means bearing with my pain but with you beside me? Fuck, I'll do it just...don't leave... we can fix this."
He ran after the truck with lungs on fire. He could run a furlong in a go but he was no match for a truck. It didn’t matter that he couldn’t feel his legs, or they were almost leaving the premises of the school, Dean needed his help. But the truck was soon disappearing from his sight.
“Dean!” Castiel ran after the truck too. He watched in horror as Dean fought with the thief in the moving truck. It was a crazy feat and if he could, he would’ve pulled Dean back and made him stay in his arms. The way Dean and the thief made hazardous steps as the truck swayed side to side that would give Castiel nightmares until his dying day.
“He goes by the name Dean Winchester.”
But demons never listened, not even Castiel could stop Dean when it petulantly sat on his stomach, pressing the angel's hard length between the crack of his ass. Castiel clawed on Dean’s thighs to halt his movements. Dean eyed him darkly.
“But how? I don’t remember—”
“Buy him ice cream.” Dean changed topics because Sam was being an idiot.
“Please, do.” Dean said, snaking his arms around Castiel, “We have nights to see your performance.”
Castiel smiles, “From the best. Is it working?”
A smile played across his lips noticing how much Dean was turned on. Slipping tongues and tasting each other’s mouth wasn’t enough, Castiel wanted to take more on the table. He wrapped strong fingers around the back of Dean’s neck and pulled him deeper into the kiss. Up his lap, Dean had begun grinding his ass against his bulge. Castiel choked back a groan, making his mouth very vulnerable for Dean to easily take over and slip his tongue in for a dip. There was a very playful grin on Dean’s lips that Castiel only saw on occasion, both of which were times Dean had admitted he was flirting.
“Did you get that Cas?” he emphasized before rolling his eyes and leaving to bask in the sun.
Dean wasn’t a praying man, but just then he was sure he had called all kinds of gods there were.
“You are welcome,” the doctor’s touch lingered on his hand. Dean forgot he was using the doctor’s hand to support his legs. It was magnificent. He quickly snatched his hand, blinking at all the lights when all he wanted was to see Castiel Novak. But the moment was gone. By the time he remembered his purpose, the doctor had already turned away to the backdoor of his sedan. Dean felt a pang of fear seized him.
“I’m… yeah, okay,” Castiel said as he fell on the steps beside Dean and they jogged together. “Are you sure you don’t want to go ahead? I’ll be fine here, so you don’t have to worry. I’ll catch up with everyone else.”
"Dean," Castiel stares at the lanky man helpless under the handyman, "He's…"
“Are you comfortable?” Castiel blurted out, voice strangled as Dean moved his ass to fit Castiel’s inside him. Dean’s grin was a trigger.
“Cas?” Dean whispered in his ear, “Hey, you can let go now, I’m okay.” Saying so, Dean ran his hands on Castiel’s shoulder to ease his hold, “It’s okay now, you can let go.”
“You know my name?” Dean stuttered.
“Way to go to be impressed with a terrorist. Is that what they taught you in EOD Academy?” he teased his husband. He had heard many stories from Cas about his military service as EOD specialist in Kosovo, US soldiers tasked to take care of explosive remnants of war before joining the LAPD Unit bomb squad and their fated meeting.
“Sam! Dean! Ice cream!” Jack called with a huge grin, corner of his eyes crinkling as he pointed at the store while everyone else walked around him as he was standing in the middle of the path. Dean waved back with Sam standing with Jack.
“CAS!” Dean’s voice boomed from the sideline,
“Then you probably left it in the library. What were you thinking? Me?” Dean winked as Castiel excused himself. One more wink and Dean could’ve pushed all the buttons before Castiel actually does something about his overflowing feelings.
“I thought it’s an Island?” Castiel asked seeing the remarkable view.
“Oh, uh… Sam suggested I should accompany you if I’m not getting on the way?” They looked at each other quietly, Dean studying Castiel’s profile and swallowing hard.
“I think I do, or not. Do you know how to swim Cas?”
“That sounds like an interesting movie.”
Castiel pressed the bridge of his nose and heaved a sigh. He’s heard of people being difficult, certainly on most labor folk—but this was a case of life and death and he was in no position to hang up when he was the one in badly need of help. Whoever was behind this phone was being difficult, pretty much like the cats in his neighborhood. It was not a simple task, really, unless said person has a deep aversion to the felines, then that’ll just be a nightmare. But really, he had no time for this when his boss was already eyeing him from the glass window. Couldn’t people have a little break?
“Don’t—” Castiel gasped, covering his eyes with the back of his hand, “Don’t speak… your breath, I can feel it.”
“He’s legally your brother-in-law too.” Castiel pointed out but he and Dean were more than happy to leave the headquarters. Dean called Sam on the way back home and told him of the husband’s plan for a short villa vacation on their next day off. Sam was a willing participant. Castiel said he’d invite Gabriel later once the chaos in the department was done and dealt with. There was a news report that needed a tone down after all. Castiel was just glad Dean’s name was only mentioned in passing, it meant a safer and peaceful life for them again.
“You sound certain they know you… whoever they are,” Castiel couldn’t get enough of Dean’s cheek.
“Dean, you’ve been a really big help.” Castiel sighed with a smile playing on his lips, “I wouldn’t know what I’d do without you,”
Castiel has had sex before, but with a man, it was completely different. Dean was able to reach inside him that no woman ever had. The way he thrust with such vigor and intent, the way his mouth and tongue salivated to eat him whole and raw. The thickness of his cock got bigger and bigger as they did it for another hour. The only guy who could rearrange his insides and burn flames under his skin. In the silence of the mountains, Castiel only heard the creaking bed, the slapping of skin and the rich moaning of their voices. The marks that Dean left, the bruises all over his chest, all were the evidence Castiel needed to remember and affirm this was not a dream.
Castiel stared at his fist, and then pushed his chair back and headed to the multimedia room. He promised to see this through and he will.
“I wasn’t blushing—” Castiel huffed, but Charlie beamed at him.
“Ah, finally, smelled like a real home. Is that lavender?” Dean sniffed more and Castiel swiftly walked past him, not wanting the handy man to see his red face. So he did apply air freshener. How was he to convince Dean he had a pleasant home, otherwise?
“Are you serious?”
“Should I punch Gavin for you?” Dean said while he helped Castiel saddle up Baby for their practice, “I could too as an excuse.”
“No, this is how men battle the unknown!” Dean’s eyes sparkled.
But he’d wait for Dean for eternity.
Dean was beside himself laughing when they left carrying bags of sandwiches she prepared as a token of people who cared enough about her cats. She would’ve jostled them both in her house had it not for Castiel flatly refusing the offer saying he left the stove on. Castiel punched Dean’s shoulder to make him stop, looking back at Mrs. Butters but her door was already shut.
“Just don’t leave my side again, okay?”
Dean saw that twitch and smiled broader. “I guess that means you like what you see.”
An eagle soared above their heads just like last time too.
There’s something about being near the ocean that calmed him as he stood there observing everything. There’s loud music coming from the mini-concert on the built-up stage that rocked the beachside playing
“Did you go out?” Castiel asked, wiping his hand with a clean towel after washing the dishes. It made him feel so good to see Dean coming from the doorway and him waiting. Just like newlyweds, in fact.
Dean blinked several times before pulling his gaze away, cheeks still a little flushed.
“I said it many times and yet—”
“Oh, once you taste my masterpiece, there’s no going back.”
“You don’t say…?” Castiel finally understood and grabbed Dean’s hand. If he doesn’t act soon, he will become the target of meat hunters. “Q-quick, let’s meet up with Balthazar!”
"Dean," Castiel said in alarm, stepping closer and glad he was able to touch Dean's arm, "Sit down, let's talk."
The night Castiel obtained the Mark, he could not get himself to worry about his own predicament, no. Emotions were high, too many questions unanswered; Sam’s urgency to speak, Dean’s evident concern shown through cusses and Eileen’s confusion to whatever transpired in the casino, no thanks to Chuck, had the couple shaken. But Castiel was only thankful. His family may be shaken at the moment, but they made it through—got past the most impossible enemy, managed to capture him just in time before he could do any permanent damage.
“I have you as a guide, remember?” Castiel said as he helpfully undid the buttons and slid both hands on the curve of Dean’s ass. Dean slapped his hands away before pulling the shirt off the angel’s shoulder and tossed it on the floor.
“I’m not your dad, Dean.” Castiel's words slipped out before he could stop himself.
“Damn you—” Dean roared, holding Castiel down protectively. The thief took his chance and jumped at the back of the truck.
The doctor finally turned his head exactly as they passed through a tunnel. The way his eyes gleamed in the dark caught Dean’s breathe, “Of course, I can help you.”
“Fine, I’m sorry.” He muttered, feeling the tips of his ears growing hot.
“That was an overreaction?” Castiel inquired.
“Ah, look at that sky,” Dean told himself as he watched the black clouds slowly creep into the gray sky, “It’s really a storm now. I hope Cas is alright.”
Castiel's throat dried. "But will you at least tell me what kind of deal is this that made you so confident?"
“I will tell you later. What you need now is breakfast.” He said shortly and Dean couldn’t fight him. Something in his voice was commanding and so he did. But the breakfast was so scrumptious that by the time Dean remembered his accusations, he was comfortably seated by the long red couch near the fireside in the large living room he had ever been in. The walls were painted gray with black lines to emphasize the style. Black curtains were draped over the tall windows as Dean walked toward it for some privacy as he checked his phone. Doctor Novak was nowhere to be seen.
“Yes, and I’m about to meet Team Alpha for precautionary measures. Who knows if this mad guy wants the entire team to answer? But I won’t meet them until we’re complete here, which means you're included. So I’ll wait for you here.”
Dean nodded, meeting his eyes, but avoiding looking beneath, “I mean, there’s a building code for just about anything and we got to find the hole, or whoever architected your house in this residential area will be in trouble.”
“You’re Dean, right?” Adam said with a meaningful look from Castiel to Dean.
Whatever it was he was feeling, it was nothing to the fear he felt when he saw Dean's eyes. Growling, Dean was out of Castiel’s hand in an instant and headed directly to the kitchen without a thought for his own safety. The way his eyes gleamed, Castiel feared the handyman might just give him a heart attack the way he just up and disappeared on the hallway to the kitchen.
“In three months at least,” Ms. Barnes answered back and Castiel accidentally dropped Ham on Dean’s hands.
“Hey, Cas…want to be... you know more than...this? You know, steady?”
“What about Ham?” Dean suggested, “I like bacon, but I like Ham too. It wouldn’t be good if he doesn’t sell, and loses the competition in the market too, right?”
His knuckles turned white. He wanted to throw the phone away, but he soldiered through.
Castiel and Dean exchanged looks and they watched their senior ride away to the hurdles.
Castiel could kiss— not sloppy, not new—but Castiel kissed the soul out of his body with sinful sounds of the tongue on tongue, lips on lips, careful with their teeth as Castiel unraveled Dean’s secrets with just his tongue, sending fire all over his deprived body. Dean no longer hesitated. He let his own palms abuse the firm muscles toned to be Castiel’s vessel. Playing around the angel’s pectorals and rubbing his nipples, causing him to moan and suck Dean’s lips dry.
Dean turned full body on him. Castiel had no choice but to look in his direction sideways. Dean was so close and beautiful, long lashes and thick eyebrows creasing as his point was not getting across.
