He wondered briefly if what Steve thought as he faced death was the same as what he felt when he saw Steve dead in his nightmares.
“I don’t think so, when I woke up I was just there and I was pretty confused and shaken,” Tony said as he looked at his hand, before realising that the shard from the porcelain glass that was embedded in his hand was still there.
“Oh, it’s – it’s nothing.”
When he left the compartment Nebula was in, Tony slumped down onto the floor. Tears began to well up in his eyes. He wasn’t the kind to show weakness to other people, having grown up learning to only depend on himself thanks to Howard’s A++ parenting. He wasn’t even an average father, the type with a beer belly and occasionally helps their child with their homework or turns up at a soccer game after months of not going. Howard was definitely more absent than a few months. Even when he came home, he was always reprimanding Tony about this, about that, and not a single compliment would fall from his lips.
Steve walked into the communal area, fresh and early as he always was. That serious Captain America look on his face, with a slight sheen of sweat on his biceps along with a towel around his neck that indicated he just finished a morning workout. Tony glanced up and quickly looked away towards the skyline of Manhattan. It felt like he was hit in the gut by Mjolnir – he wanted to flee the room and hide in his workshop forever.
Steve and him were from vastly different lives – when he graduated from MIT with his first degree, Steve was still in high school, working part time jobs at a café. Tony patented some of his inventions, and earned enough money to study a second degree, and spent a lot of time at the café that Steve was working at, getting his much needed caffeine to keep pursuing better and more improved science. They became good friends after many easy, late night conversations. However, it wasn’t until Steve got beat up in a small alley behind the café and Tony saw him home that Tony realised that he was in love with the righteousness and courage of the smaller man.
He opened his eyes, and was surprised by what he saw.
“Hey,” Steve breathed out as he smiled, even while drenched to the bone. His white t shirt stuck to his chest, showing off his impressive body that just distracted Tony even further.
he thought
Blinking back some tears that blurred his vision he walked out onto the street without thinking, and everything fell to chaos as he saw a white coloured Mercedes rushing towards him at high speeds.
Sighing loudly, Tony stands up and puts down the mechanical parts he was fidgetting with, before brushing off his knees.
He heard the lift opening, and glanced up to see Clint sauntering through the lift doors, a cup of Starbucks in hand. Clint caught his eye, and walked over to sit beside Steve on the couch.
Clint smirked at Nat. “It’s time to cough up the money for the Starbucks I won, I have pictures of them kissing down in Tony’s not-very-secret underground laboratory, and it’s definitely not Photoshopped.”
“Yep. That’s like, what I just said. Thank goodness Petey’s adopted, he’s smarter than you. Do you have any chimichangas? I’m starving.”
“It’s supposed to be a
“Let’s get you to bed,” Steve said softly, and helped Tony to the lift. When it reached the right level, he walked out to see Clint standing in the doorway, holding a cup of Starbucks.
“New high score, Stark. What can you do about it? I mean, you sold her for a pancake.” “Yeah, you sold me for a pancake,” Morgan echoes. Tony glares at Steve, about to come up with a witty response, when something swings in through the window with a thunderous clash. Morgan screamed, and Tony blocked Steve and Morgan from the person who had just fallen through the window before summoning his gauntlet, which zoomed towards his outstretched hand and fit itself on.
The thoughts kept flooding in without any sign of stopping, and soon he was sobbing with his forehead pressed to the helmet. “Steve,” he whispered. “Steve, I miss you, I’m sorry I couldn’t stop Thanos, I couldn’t save our son, it’s all my fault… Now I can’t even see you one last time...” He hiccoughed slightly, and took a few deep breaths, before he set the helmet to a recording mode.
Why are you still looking at the pictures, Steve reprimanded himself. It’s not even good art, I could draw better, Steve thought. He picked up the Starkpad, and stalked off angrily in the direction of Tony’s lab.
“Iron Man,” Steve wheezed. “Iron Man, that’s so silly. How would anyone even be able to walk around in an entire outfit made of iron, that’s just downright hilarious. Might as well call yourself Metal Man. Or Shiny Man.”
“It’s because - I don’t like him, seriously,” Steve said with a slight blush on his cheeks.
“Just a nightmare that I lost you,” he whispered. “I dreamt that you built some crazy massacre robot because you thought I might die and you wanted to protect me. I didn’t know that though, so I thought you weren’t taking the lives of civilians seriously and just messing around with robots that you didn’t understand. I was disappointed and the thing was, after that, I didn’t even bother to talk to you. I didn’t think about why you did it, I just assumed that you were arrogant, and I loved you but I didn’t want to tell you, because I didn’t want to be with someone who couldn’t take superhero-ing seriously.”
“Hm. Interesting. Is there anything different from this time and that time?”
“Who the hell are you, how the hell do you know Petey, and why the hell are you here?” Tony snarled. “I’ll destroy you in a few seconds unless you can give me a reasonable explanation.”
“Come over and have movie night with me?”
“We argue all the time, we never see eye to eye, what makes you think that we like each other? We’re just – save-the-universe partners.”
Tony dropped his cup onto the coffee a little harder on the table than he intended to, and chipped off the bottom of the porcelain cup with a loud clang. A small smithereen of the chipped glass cut his hand, and seemed to be embedded, but the pain was barely felt. At this point, physical pain was nothing compared to the mental hurt he went through everyday. His hand shook, and he stood up shakily. “I’ll just go work on something in the workshop,” he said unsteadily as he felt his voice cracking slightly and he did not want Steve to see him breaking down.
“That’s stupid. Just because you’re a superhero doesn’t mean you don’t get to fall in love and enjoy happiness. I mean, by that logic, Thor shouldn’t be dating Jane, I shouldn’t be dating Bucky, and Nat shouldn’t be dating Bruce. But if you think about it, these relationships bring a lot more cohesion to the group. We work better together in missions because we know each other better. Less like colleagues, more like family. Plus, if Tony were in danger, we all know you’ll save him over civilians whether or not he’s your boyfriend, so that’s an invalid argument.”
Reed’s anxious face appeared on the wide screen, along with the messy, old and unfurnished Baxter Building in the background. “Hey, it’s me. Anyway, there’s this really important discovery I made. Apparently there’s some kind of interdimensional abnormality, and my machines aren’t picking it up that well for some reason. You know, engineering is your forte. I need some help recalibrating and improving the machines, so that it can detect the signals better, I really need this for a science journal I’m working on. It could be the next breakthrough for mankind!”
The human shaped thing in a red and black suit armed with multiple knives stood up, and dusted glass shards off his knees.
I wish he thought of me as more than an acquaintance, Steve thought.
Tony hated himself.
He clicked a button on the helmet, and the shimmering light flickered out. Hugging the helmet close to his arc reactor, his fatigue took over and he drifted off to sleep. Nebula was watching him from a crack in the door all this time, while he wept – and hearing his gentle snores, she treaded lightly into the room to wipe the tears off his helmet and cover him with a spare blanket.
Tony swallowed the lump in his throat. “Just fuck off, Steve, for fucks’ sake,” he snarled, before he left the room and took the elevator down to ground floor. I’m never going back to the tower. Anywhere but there.
Tony hugged Steve tightly, as he let the tears fall freely. The street was empty except for them, and the rain continued to hit the gravel relentlessly. He buried his face in the blond’s neck. It felt nice to be held while he was panicking. It felt nice to be loved, and he needed that.
“You see the window open? It’s a search engine, in this case it’s Google. Usually, if you need any information, in this tower you can just ask Jarvis. However, I think it’s better if I roughly tell you how to use basic functions of your Starkphone and how to Google things, in case your 94 year-old ass decides to go out on the streets alone and you need help. You already know how to call and send messages, so just know how to Google things. Basically, you can ask Google anything, and it’ll have an answer,” Tony droned on.
Steve walked to the doorway, and entered the empty lift of Stark Tower. He watched as the lift doors closed, before he paced around in circles in the lift worriedly, staring at his reflection in the mirror and wondering how he could spill out everything to Clint with Tony (albeit drunk) there.
“Aren’t you going take out your mask? It must be stifling in that suit.” Tony said after moments of awkwardness elapsed.
The call for FRIDAY to send pieces of his suit flying to him and reconnecting to him barely manage to fall from his lips. He wasn’t sure if it was that he didn’t actually want to die, or that he called for his suit out of instinct.
“If you wanted the embodiment of America you should have chosen to sell her for a cheeseburger. It’s still a deal though,” Steve joked, and slid a plate of the pancakes he had made across the table to Tony. He then picked Morgan up from Tony’s arms and fed her little bits of pancake with his free hand.
“Then don’t,” Steve whispered against his lips. “Don’t escape. Just fall, for I will catch you. I promise.”
He walked into the house just as Steve came out from his room. A few quick strides from Steve closed the distance between them, and he felt a light kiss on his forehead.
Tony sat in the dimly lit interiors of the space ship, opposite Nebula, tinkering with a little silver triangle in his hands. It was all fun and games earlier on, but the tension of their eventual demise as well as the loss of people they cared for dearly weighed down on them, bringing them to a gradual silence. Nebula watched the little triangle as it rotated on its pivot, seemingly waiting for something. Perhaps for another toss from Tony, or just for him to say something and break the deafening lack of noise.
“Why would Jarvis specifically ask you to help Tony when everyone else isn’t sleeping in the tower? We all know who created Jarvis. Tony obviously likes you, and you obviously like him too.”
. The shock rendered him unable to move, as if he was frozen in place by a glacier of ice while the world crashed and burned all around him.
“I’ll call you back later,” Tony said quickly as he ended the call. “I really don’t know what Reed was talking about, romance? Really very silly of him, I mean, there really isn’t anything - between us - we’re just - colleagues. Right?”
“Seriously? He’s going to set them on fire by accident or something.”
Steve wasn’t even paying attention to the movie anymore. He watched the clock on the wall tick away, counting the seconds before his boyfriend came over to join him on the couch.
He fiddled with the design for a bit, when he heard the door click open. A small, thin man appeared at his doorstep.
Steve couldn’t stop the red blush that was creeping up his cheeks, and he couldn’t think of a witty retort, so he just glared at Clint.
“I’m not your Pops. Don’t call me that. However, you can sleep on the couch. Temporarily,” Steve said. Tony sighed audibly, knowing that Steve could never say no. He was simply too kind hearted. “You know what, I don’t care. I really don’t,” Tony snapped. “I’m going to go check on Morgan, while Steve, America’s sweetheart, can go and settle down this ‘good’ American citizen in our damn living room. I warn you, no funny tricks. No more breaking of windows. No setting foot on the first step of the staircase, you’re only allowed on the first floor.”
“A cup of coffee a day keeps the hangovers away. Haven’t you heard of that quote? It’s quite famous,” Tony replied, eyes still on the Starkpad. “Anyway, thanks a lot for carrying me up last night. It was pretty late last night, so I guess you crashed on my couch. Sorry, man.”
“No,” the cyborg said.
“WHAT?” Tony and Steve exclaimed.
Wade raised up his hands in surrender.
“Steve, Google is like a – personal database of information? There’s a lot of usable things, recipes, medical help, information that you’ll need in daily life, but it’s not that specific until you know what specific people are doing. Besides, why do you need to know what Nick Fury is doing? Honestly, just ask your biggest fan, Coulson if you want to know,” Tony exclaimed while laughing.
“I mean, the pictures aren’t saved in my Starkpad, that’s like, the point of the Internet, it’s a network. The things you find on top are posts of other people, and they’re not actually downloaded in, nor do they belong to me, so yeah,” Tony rambled away nervously. He just found out Steve liked him back, so why couldn’t he just accept it  graciously like a normal adult? Instead he had to shoot his mouth off about the properties of the Internet. “I mean, it’s like, I, it’s not that I, you know,” Tony started, but Steve glared at him.
What comes out instead is: “Whoever you want to be.”
Bucky’s surprised he remembers that. Then again, Sarah Rogers is a memorable woman.
He looks up, blasting another doombot absent-mindedly, narrowing his eyes as he tries to spot him. He finally does, lurking in the shadows of a building, a mere smudge of black in the shadows. Christ, does that man know how to blend in.
He schools his smile into a press-ready one, fake but nice enough that nobody will call him out on it. Probably.
“Actually, there’s a tiny problem. I mean, my house is really far away, just a shitty apartment in New York, and it took me a really long time to get to this hidden place in the middle of nowhere. And Petey said you let Ned stay over before… Therefore, I can assume sleepovers aren’t completely banned… and I’m Petey’s friend…”
“Anything for you, darling, but the game’s still a work in progress and it’s going to be a lot better when you actually get to play it. The resolution of the graphicsis disappointing low right now, and we can’t be the only two superheroes in the entire game, so I have to design more characters, and then look at the boss battles, and allocate the different game paths, and – I’m rambling again, fuck, look at me, I can’t stop talking, especially when I get so nervous, I really wanted to make you happy, I don’t even know where that sentence was even going anymore,” Tony finished.
“Want to watch Top Gun?” Rhodey asks, heaving himself to his feet and offering a hand to Tony.
“Too late, old man!” Tony yells as he lifts off the roof, ignoring Steve’s cries as he flies down to where the Winter Soldier is standing in the shadows, watching him with dark eyes. He looks murderous and angry but… there’s just something in his expression, something in his posture. He looks weary, apprehensive, as if he was two seconds away from bolting.
Harsh black lines of charcoal have been drawn over the page, jagged at the edges and chaotic in placement. There’s fuzzy lines of light yellow and white to show the sunlight stabbing through the water, reaching what depths it could, and dark blue, cobalt blue, sky blue, murky blue, navy blue, so. Much. Blue.
Tony nods, looking queasy.
but translated to Russian. He’d asked Natasha, albeit a bit shyly, what she recommended to do to distinguish the Russian and American sides of his brain and personality a little more. She’d suggested reading American books in Russian, explaining that what was helping her was using combining the two instead of trying to separate them. She’d also said that small exposure to similar topics of what he’d gone through, in this case: brainwash, would be a good way to slowly tear down that fear a little. Hence, he had a list of books ready, all in Russian, to try out.
One day, instead of going to work in the nursery he goes down to the workshop, putting it on lockdown and bracing himself for what he’s about to do. With everything going on, calling his two best friends in the whole world has completely slipped his mind.
Steve refuses to speak to him after they fuck for the first week, barely managing to talk to him in missions, no matter how civil. In the three weeks that follow, he relaxes somewhat, and they’re now on more friendly terms than they had been before.
to snap if Bucky doesn’t quit it.
“No, no,” Bucky says, rushing to reassure him. “Just haven’t seen one in a while, is all.”
have something he needs to get done…
“What?” he asks defensively.
Bucky smiles a little. “It’s not cold,” he warns.
“Cap?” Tony husks out. “What–”
Bucky didn’t know about Steve, because he refused to look and find out.
Tony rolls his eyes affectionately. “Just kiss me, Barnes.” And so Bucky leans down and does just that.
Alright, he knows what to do. Deep breaths, Stark, that’s it. Tony follows the directions in his head, hating himself as he pretends it’s Steve telling him this, keeping him sane. He forces himself to slow down his breathing and takes in the slowest lungfuls he possibly can, trying to let them out just as slowly.
Someone snorts behind them, and Tony lazily looks back, grinning widely when he sees Bucky. “Bucky,” he says, and motions to the floor in front of his couch.
DUM-E whirs sadly and strokes his shoulder, and he can’t help but melt into the damned thing. Tony clutches at the cold metal that makes up his learning robot, trying to ground himself and quell down the panic that’s rising within him.
This time, the silence is a little bit too long. “No–” Tony starts to say, but Bucky beats him to it.
When Bucky presses his lips together he knows he could easily pull a poker face and rid himself of emotion, but he lets a small smile fight through to let Tony know he’s only teasing.
Rhodey turns wide eyes away from Barnes and onto his best friend instead. “Are you being serious?”
“They’re lovely,” he finishes, and gestures over to the chair where Thor can deposit them. Thor put down the abundance of stuffed animals and turned to face them, smiling widely.
The point was, at the end of all of this, that Bucky Barnes was an exceptionally amazing person and was quickly becoming one of the most important people in Tony Stark’s life.
It’s curious, he thinks, how much love he used to hold for the older boy who became a man, and how much of it he’s starting to repair. This is somewhat of a revelation to him because quite honestly, Bucky had expected love to be a thing of the past after the Winter Soldier. Not necessarily because no one would love him, but because he wasn’t sure if he would be able to love anyone back.
“Oh, fuck you,” Tony gasps, and takes another sip. “Jesus Christ.”
The gentle ping of his floor being reached is, in comparison, too soft, and Steve feels like it ought to be a louder sound, that it should fill more space. He can still hear his own labored breathing over the ding, can still hear his own thundering thoughts, thoughts that are running rampant like a herd of swiftly moving deer, of rampaging wildebeests, of… of… God, Steve doesn’t know. He’s not a damn zoologist.
He learned this lesson the hard way when Bruce cooks roast chicken for dinner, and Tony’s mouth is already watering as he sits down. He’s honestly not sure if the saliva is from the food, though. He’s noticed that lately he’s been getting a lot of saliva, which is a little strange, but probably not worrying. ‘
“Aye, Captain”
he’s carrying my child? You don’t think I have to live everyday knowing I lost that wonderful man and my
The problem is, however, that it was so heart-wrenchingly obvious that the artist was falling in love with the muse, or already there.
Steve suddenly looks very nervous, and Tony raises his eyebrows. “I just… Can I ask you something?”
“What did he want?” Steve asks in the hallway after the debrief. Various agents and employees bustle around them, most glued to stacks of files in their arms or the blue screen of their phones; Steve has been very careful to not be left alone with Tony.
Tony looks at him with something akin to the morbid curiosity that one watches a car accident with. “Why didn’t you
He pulls a pen over to him and reads over the first contract, already bored. He’s just gotten to signing it, however, when there’s rapping noise on the glass wall across from him. He looks up, and his heart nearly stops.
Tony shakes out his shoulders helplessly. “If Bucky says it’ll make him happy, then I’m all for it.”
There’s nothing to do for that, he supposes.
“No!” Tony blurts. He coughs. “No, no, not at all.”
Bucky clenches his jaw. “Afterwards,” he promises, “but I want to show you something first. I know you feel like you don’t want to do anything, but I need you to come with me.”
“Oh, you know, the usual. The board’s driving me crazy, and our stocks are rising and falling with the tide, it seems, but we’re doing fine.”
Neither of them smile. “No, Tony,” Bucky finally breathes out in a huff. “We can’t keep doing this. I love you,” he says firmly, and Tony suppresses a shiver from the sheer weight of the words and gaze. “But we… moved a little fast, and I sort of forgot I was still in love with Steve too?” He winces.
“It tried to kill you, is what’s wrong with it,” Steve says in front of him, and Bucky whips his head back around so fast he almost gets a crick in his neck. Christ, he’d forgotten he was there.
Steve immediately closes his eyes tightly and starts laughing, twisting and wriggling like a fish under Bucky, trying to escape his fingers. Bucky quickly discovers that blowing raspberries on exposed skin works quite well, and puts his plan into motion as soon as possible.
Bucky’s breath catches, and for a moment he can’t find the words to respond to a statement Tony seemingly threw out so casually. He knows he needs to find it, however, because Tony’s face is slowly crumpling, and that alone is enough to break Bucky’s heart. He blurts out the first thing he can think of. “She’ll like my long hair,” he says instead. Babies like long hair, he’s pretty sure. Good to tug on.
“Is it Steve?”
So what the fuck is holding him back, then?
Tony nods and he almost looks pained. “God, I can almost taste them. Bucky, c’mon. My back hurts.”
It’s like he’s watching things happen from through a frosted glass window. Everything’s distorted and fuzzy and unclear, and all he can do is keep hitting and pounding at the glass, trying to be let in where things will make
Sometimes, seemingly out of nowhere, Howard would be in a good mood and tell him another tale of the two supersoldiers, or some random detail about them. Tony would carefully file each tidbit of information away in his mind, steadily building the two men and their personalities up in his head.
The water stops.
“That’s nice,” Tony says, and he knows the next thing he should say is something along the lines of “I’m pregnant”, or at least “I have something to tell you”, but the words get strangled in his throat and they lapse into silence.
to get his hands on it. He wants to take it back to his workshop to pry it apart and learn how it works… God, what a beauty.
Tony shakes his head. “Nothing gets past him. What do you want to do, Cap?”
His back hurts something fierce, but he ignores it, instead staggering into the elevator and leaning against the railing, already thinking of the two steaming mugs of coffee he’s going to drink. The doors open with a soft ding and he steps out, dimly noticing the rest of the team staring at him expectantly while he crosses the room, intent on getting his caffeine.
Bucky looks up. “Can I help you?” he asks, with a small smile.
“Bet you have wicked blue balls,” Rhodey says mischievously, the little shit.
“Humor me,” Rhodey insists, and leans against the wall, cocking an eyebrow.
He can see Natasha looking at Steve with something akin to concern, her eyes questioning. Steve shakes his head almost minutely, refusing her silent offer, and Tony wonders why that makes him feel so forlorn.
He walks over to the door and takes in every detail of the pencil marks covering it, the sweeping lines and jagged slashes. “Is this… Iron Man?”
“Why didn’t you tell me Steve did it?” he blurts out, and immediately wishes he hadn’t.
When Tony doesn’t say anything more, he sighs and leaves the workshop, bidding a quiet farewell.
Tony sighs heavily, rubbing two fingers on the bridge of his nose. “Alright, we might as well get started taking measurements while you’re down here.”
In his hurry to escape the van (in which he sadly had to leave the stilettos), and ask the nice people in the taqueria for directions back to Manhattan, he completely forgot that his main priority should have been contacting Steve and Tony.
“And you shouldn’t feel like you have a right to Tony’s love because he’s carrying your child! Your child is a
“He named the little fucker Napoleon,” Tony says, and despite himself, Bucky can’t help but burst into laughter.
Bucky gasps and shakes his head, bowing his head and fighting the warmth building behind his eyes, warmth that threatens to turn into boiling tears. “I’ll–I’ll be fine,” he manages to rasp.
Bucky can also see several cobwebs dusting the interior and choking the walls, and he forces his heart rate to slow down. Bucky was afraid of spiders of then, and apparently he still was. It seems there are some things that can’t be cured by seventy years of brainwashing.
Bucky wakes up screaming, back arched off the bed and his toes curling. His vocal cords cut out as soon his eyes snap open, and he sags limply into the sheets, panting heavily. His body is taut with nervous energy, and tears are running freely down his face. He can’t exactly pin down what he was dreaming about, but it doesn’t take a genius to realize it was probably something about the Winter Soldier.
Steve just shakes his head at him, feigning hurt. “I should be lying there,” he says. “I’m the one who just had an orgasm for the first time in seven months.”
“And… us?”
read the end notes for a chance to name one of the baby's stuffed animals, lol
“Not at all?”
, but Bucky still finds himself thinking,
JARVIS was right. There was no way what was happening could be missed. A buzzing sound that sounded like angry wasps got louder as he approached his destination, and by the light of the streetlights he could make out the makers of the noise.
Tony reaches a hand up to his stomach, suddenly self-conscious. “I–that’s alright, really, I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.” He doesn’t want Bucky to see his scars.
Tony pulls out his phone and types in some things, finally angling it to show Steve a glowing blue dot on a map, somewhere in Brooklyn.
Steve clenches his hands into fists around his paper and pencil. The pencil finally succumbs to the pressure and snaps in half.
“Yes…?”
Still, Steve had to stop being a coward at one point or another. So he clenched the damn thing in his hands and gritted his teeth, pulling the yellow sketchbook toward himself and opening it to a random page. He started with circles and various geometric shapes, warming up his hand, before he grew tired of it and shut the book, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath, before grabbing another book.
Bucky sits next to him, gently tangling the fingers of Steve’s uninjured hand with his own, and Bruce stays in the corner, putting his things away.
Bucky leaps to his feet so fast he almost bangs his head on the car, and he tries to avoid looking Tony in the eyes as he stutters out that he needs to go. He manages to squeeze out a few disconnected words, trying to break the news gently, which is stupid because he’s maybe the least gentle person and he knows Tony will see right through it.
“Jesus, Buck,” Steve says, smiling a little. “You scared m–”
Bucky stays silent. He’s not sure where Steve’s going with this.
, and Steve would have felt bad for the shock he must have dealt himself by opening the book, but fuck, Steve can’t think a single thougt over the pounding of his heart and the sudden roar of blood in his ears.
“You have more of the serum than me, why wouldn’t you know?”
, not even when he’d found him. How can he blame it all on Bucky now? Doesn’t he know Bucky couldn’t control his personality, much fewer memories, at the time?
Tony nods.
“Talking,” Tony answers, examining the grime beneath his fingernails. “About science-y stuff. I don’t expect you to understand.”
Tony lists to the side and the other man catches him quickly, gently leaning him back against the wall. “You’re going to be fine,” he says soothingly. “I know you will, Mr. Stark. I just need you to be strong.”
He waves them away, gesturing at his suit, and they seem to understand. He turns back to the girl and catches both her hands where they’d been sneaking towards a belt around her waist, pinning them above her with one gauntlet while the other swipes the belt away, placing it behind him.
,” Bucky tells him quietly, sliding down to sit next to him and staring straight ahead, his eyes unfocused.
“Maybe I would if you told me, huh?”
Bucky’s not sure where he’s going, actually, but he does know that there will be a place he ends up, if he just lets his feet take him. Some time passes and he notices he’s back in the alleyway, the one where Tony threw up, Winter brought him some water, and the pair separated for a long time.
He ducks out of the way, hovering a small distance away from the robot as it falls to its knees with a resounding crash, the girl’s expression clearly panicked. He aims carefully at the center of the giant and blasts it with his repulsors, watching with no small amount of glee as it powers down.
To sum it all up, he’s devoid of his first love, his second, and his only daughter. A century old friendship is crumbling around Steve’s shoulders in a storm of dust and smoke, and he’s steadily growing further and further away from his baby’s father and his daughter herself.
Steve’s words are quiet, final, and Bucky does.
“It was a mistake,” Steve finally growls. “Something happened, and it was a mistake, and if you think that for one moment I haven’t gone two days without regrettin’ it… Fuck, Bucky. I messed up so bad, you don’t even know.”
“Coffee or tea?” he asks, and both Steve and Bucky tense. Tony seems to realize his mistake a second later and quickly pulls out three packets of ground coffee beans. “Coffee it is then, gents.”
“I will, I will. I just wanted to tell you first.”
He does notice that Steve carefully avoided saying anything about whether they were together or not, and decides not to ask further.
It probably is. Tony had been complaining a lot about it, and when Bucky asked him about it, he muttered, “baby” and went back to his work. With the position he’s in right now, slouched over with a curved back, weighed down by his ever-growing belly, it can’t be comfortable.
Steve catches him studiously looking away and gives him a crooked smile, one that Bucky knows if he wasn’t already sitting down would make his knees weak. “Like what you see?” he asks, eyebrows wiggling.
Fuck, now he needs to stop. Steve’s started shaking, his eyes burning with suppressed rage.
“Not,” Rhodey finishes for him, and sighs, then pauses, calculating. “Her?” he questions, and Tony grins widely, fishing around awkwardly in his pockets for the wrinkled and malleable picture.
Steve closes the sketchbook with a snap, breathing out slowly and rubbing the heels of his hands over his eyes. God
“That’s a matter of opinion,” Tony sniffs.
. He knows what he
Tony puts a hand on his belly, rubbing it to try and vanish the nausea. “I am.”
Bucky hums in agreement, and runs his hands up and down Tony’s back. “You’re good at that,” he murmurs, and Tony laughs a little again, pulling away to look into the other man’s eyes.
“Are you excited?” he asks softly, before gently pulling away and sitting down on the workshop couch, draping his arms over the back.
Steve was always better at bottling shit up, keeping it safe inside where no one could touch it. Bucky had removed all of his defenses in one go, leaving him stripped completely bare, pushing Steve to the breaking point.
“We can talk later, Stevie,” Bucky whispers in his ear, before suddenly rolling and flipping them, until Steve is sitting in Bucky’s lap. With a flex of his abs and a grunt, Bucky sits up, and is finally in a position where he can tug down Steve’s sweatpants, which now seem more cumbersome than convenient.
“No, Tony, don–”
Steve looks away. “Drop it,” he mutters.
. He just
Too bad they’ll heal as soon as he unclenches them.
“I was harder than I’d ever been in my life,” he continues, seemingly oblivious to the other man’s flinch. “God, when he lifted me up and slammed me into the wall, I could have come right then and there. All that tanned, golden skin, and those goddamn
He makes a beeline for the bed and pulls away the covers before flopping facedown, immediately feeling the frustrated tears build up behind his eyelashes. He breathes in deeply, hoping for the scent of Steve to be found in the sheets, but all he can smell is the scent of laundry detergent. At this, another sob wracks through his body, and he muffles it with the pillow, wishing more than anything else in the world that Steve was there in the bed with him, keeping him close and warm.
“Ah, alright. It just freaked me out a bit,” Tony says uncomfortably.
” Tony asks, his eyes wide.
He almost finds himself wishing he was.
Bucky nods. He takes in the rest of the room, the crib in the corner, the rocking chair by the door, disassembled pieces of a mobile scattered on the floor by the far wall. A purple stuffed platypus sits happily on the rocking chair, and next to it is…
, which Bucky presumes to be the name of the establishment. The little place is bustling with people, most talking in the unfamiliar language.
Steve nods uncertainly, but Bucky can see relief in his eyes warring with the desire to stay. He leaves, however, with a crease between his eyebrows and a glance Bucky can’t decipher for Tony, who’s pointedly not looking at him.
“I just wanted to give you something, here.” Tony tosses a small device to him, and the Soldier catches it easily with his metal hand. Tony tracks the metal fingers’ movement for a second, marveling at the control. He’s startled out of his reverie when the Soldier starts talking again.
“Bucky, I need help,” he says shakily, and too late, Bucky realizes he’s nearly correct, but not quite.
The little passageway smells damp and sinister, and Bucky forces himself not to think about it too hard. The situation is almost a little too similar to the attics he found himself hiding in as the Winter Soldier, waiting for his mark to make a move… any move...
” Bucky growls at him.
“I assure you, I was fine, okay?”
That was what Steve had said too. Bucky was so fucking tired of hearing this.
He listens intently for the next few hours as Tony guides him through helping him fix it, and to both their surprise, they find out he’s actually quite handy. Tony never turns the music up to its previous volume, and even gives him the option to choose some songs, which he politely refuses, actually finding himself enjoying the music more as time went on. It grows on you, he supposes.
sighs Tony inwardly. Of course he had to be in love with two men who were most definitely born before World War II even ended, much too early to understand early 90s pop culture references.
of crying.
me?” he asks, then shakes his head. “Nevermind. Don’t answer that. Please continue; I’m sorry for interrupting.”
Tony nods, and looks down at the floor.
Tony smiles a little. “There’s not much I can do at this point, so.” His easy grin slips a little. “I mostly just want to get this fucking pregnancy over,” he tells Rhodey honestly, his smile returning as the other man laughs. “My back hurts like a bitch.”
“Anything special with them, JARV?” Tony murmurs.
“What makes it better?” he asks.
There’s a little relief when his metal arm thumps down onto the table heavily, disconnected from his shoulder stump, but it’s short-lived. He hears voices above him speaking rapidly, and he’s suddenly roughly turned onto his side, his left shoulder blade bared.
This.
Steve had stopped almost directly in front of him, barely a few inches spanning the space between their noses. Well, Steve’s nose and Bucky’s chest. Steve hated how much shorter and frailer he was, but didn’t let that get to him. “I know that, Buck,” he had whispered, watching in silent delight as Bucky breathed in sharply.
He can see Natasha electrocuting little green robots as she runs gracefully down the street, racing Steve to the end and the cluster of them there.
“Of course,” Steve says, and he reaches out a hand to place on Tony’s arm as the other man stands up. “Thank you,” he says, all Captain fucking Earnestness, and Tony can’t help but give him a tiny grin.
Steve throws his head back and laughs, and Bucky can’t help but watch him. He doesn’t laugh, himself, he can’t, but he also can’t help the way his eyes trace the column of Steve’s throat, the immaculate jawline.
Bucky takes a shuddering breath. “We were arguing, and I told him–”
Bucky nods.
Steve clenches his jaw. “You don’t understand.”
Bucky smiles tightly. “It was.” It was also a mockery of the star on Steve’s shield, meant to cruely show that they now had control of the best friend to the late Captain America (or so they thought). As it turned out, they wouldn’t control Bucky for long, and Steve wasn’t dead, so.
Bucky slowly looks up from his arm. “Yes?” he asks, somewhat wearily, because Tony is leaning back in his chair at a well-lit table, a pout gracing his lips. He’s pretty sure he knows what’s about to come.
There’s a small bulge in his stomach now, his hard-won abs mostly disappearing with it. He rubs a hand slowly over it, and his breath hitches, his eyes suddenly brimming with tears. “Holy shit,” he chokes out. He looks at Natasha desperately. “I’m having a baby,” he chokes out.
“I’m sorry, too,” Steve says, and Bucky’s opening his mouth to protest, but Steve holds his hand up. “You, ah, know what I did to Tony. You know how I handled it.”
weird.”
Tony was just going to move on right over, disinterested gaze roving past the petrified blonde in the boring clothes, and he’d turn away and leave and Steve would never see him again except during his obsessive Googling of Swing Patrol because the modern world could be nice like that-
But it wasn’t quite a freeze frame, because Tony Stark had stepped out of the shadows, somehow, surveying the scene. Instead of the three piece suit he wouldn’t seem to be willing to be glimpsed out of these days, he had a tank top on, old and worn. Grey sweats, goosebumps peppering bare, lean arms. Bare feet too- and as he stepped closer and closer to the main players, frozen in time, the littlest toe of his right foot dipped into the pool of blood by Bucky’s head.
Ross’ smile possibly curved up into something real; Tony couldn’t care less. “I hope you do. In the wake of all the powered…outlaws, of late, we need to reassure the public, affirm our faith in being able to work with these individuals. Nothing does that better than putting one at the head of a newly reformed SHIELD.”
The air….
hand stretching out to skim over the chrome finish of the nearest Bugatti absentmindedly. He still missed the vast, labyrinthine layout of his Malibu workshop, but he hadn’t done too bad for himself here. His gaze turned to the other wall, flitting from one suit to the next as he slowly drifted onward; there were enough armours for a gallery exhibit, easy. He’d gut them of all proprietary tech first, obviously, keep the outer shells. Tell the gallery people to play some ZZ Top over the speakers – maybe like a cello cover of
Nothing happened.
There was an annoyed groan of mangled syllables at the other end, crackling over the network. Steve resisted the urge to grin. Sam was probably hitting his face with his palm repeatedly, or thumping his forehead against the desk in that entertaining way people nowadays expressed their frustration.
“Just a little bit, boss.”
That- that was a thing that existed, right? Or maybe his old comics just liked lying to him.
“I didn’t sell out.” Tony interjected, smile just as cool and unchanging. The pain blanketing his body was a faint roar at the back of his head. “I did what I believed in. I still am. Fortunately for me, none of that includes a ‘be nice to jerks who threw your teammates in jail’ clause.”
Tony jerked his chin at the couple adjacent to them, the redhead frowned. He did it again, eyebrows rising and falling animatedly. Steve felt the rope separating the dancers from the crowd under his fingers-he didn’t know when he had moved this close.
At the periphery of his vision, he could see Steve pull wet strands back from his forehead; colourless droplets snaking down uncaring fingers. A bug crawled across the rim of his collar – his fingers stilled, then dropped down to his side without flicking the critter away. The critter crawled on.
to access his data framework of the ones who (still) had access. Rhodey’s stony silences made his disapproval of the BARF tech all too apparent (he said he disapproved of Tony’s
“I-“ Steve saw the second, the second of deliberation he decided to discard the lie in the face of this surprising forgiveness. “Yes.”
One beat. Two.
It isn’t like that, for many people. For them, love
“No.” The word finally hit the air, quieter than a whisper. Steve stared at the blinking lights on the instrument panel, eyes stilled. “It was Tony.”
Tony said nothing.
“Well I’m incredible, aren’t I?” Rhodey returned nonchalantly – then fell silent. The afternoon sun gleamed off the steel lines of his Stark braces, running sleekly up his spine to mid thorax and curving over his pelvis. The struts connecting to his knees were thinner, thigh muscles pressing firm and well-defined against the unyielding metal. Rhodey never missed a day of physio.
“You… Don’t remember anything?”
The words rang out in his head. Tony wanted to, Tony tried, Tony would have done
“Tony, maybe you should spend less time on engineering new things, look how tired you are,” she said easily. To Steve, it sounded like she like she cared about Tony’s wellbeing, but the malicious and smug smile she gave Tony revealed what she actually thought. She hated Tony for his inventions, wanted to pressure him into giving up his hobby which was his only saving grace now.
The relief vanished really quickly as he looked up and saw those blue eyes he fell so hard for looking at him. Fear loomed within him and he felt himself panicking he couldn’t look at Steve without thinking about how he accidentally confessed in a moment of anger and said things that he could never take back. He wanted to run, power up the suit to fly so far away that he would never see that perfect chiseled face again.
“I had such a bad day at work, and I came home to this,” the words tumbled out of Steve’s mouth hurriedly, “And I’m so happy, I don’t even have the words to describe how much I love the game and Captain America.”
“You grew back your body from ashes?” Steve asked.
Tony took Steve’s tiny hand in his own and interlaced their fingers, before pulling him over slowly to where a few laptop screens stood on the desk. One of the screens showed a map of Manhattan, while another showed an animation of some robots flying around played on repeat every few seconds. Steve’s eyes shifted to the last screen, and saw himself, but stronger. Tall, handsome. His sharp cheekbones from thinness were all filled out. A shiny shield with a white star in the middle was hooked onto his right hand, and his gaze was firm, but hopeful. Steve had never seen himself like this, and his grip on Tony’s hand tightened. His other hand reached out to touch the screen gently with the tip of his fingers.
He rolled his shoulders back, luxuriating in the stretch of the muscles. Wriggled in place a little, till the mattress depressed even further – eyes blissfully closed, as they would rightly remain.
Ten years into a marriage, and he’d heard the entire Lord of the Rings hexalogy, and the
“They’ll be safe.” Tom repeated, smile soft and regretful. The rain pattered out against the roof, water sliding along the smooth metal sheets, falling to the ground with multiple
“What does the description say?” Sam seemed to have gained better control over his rampant amusement.
believed Clint was going to hit him. It could be a joke. It started as a joke. But Clint was one of those perennial jokesters that could flip to deadly serious in the blink of an eye- smiling and unamused.
tell me you couldn’t come up with someone better for the job. More experience, more up to the-hell, someone who actually
“Fear comes from…a place of doubt, I think. A lack of trust.” Steve’s hands pulled away from the girder, drawing back slowly over his thighs to come to a standstill. The lines of his face had fallen still too, a barricading stoicism that always rose in these moments – doing little to betray the emotion battering his insides. “Growin up poor as a church mouse, fighting in trenches…and I’d never been as down-to-my-bones terrified as I’ve been these last couple a years.”
Steve didn’t scoff. Didn’t grit his teeth, didn’t sharply retort that Tony understood nothing, because Tony definitely understood absolutely nothing – but Tony didn’t stop talking, croaky and jarring in the wake of Steve’s quiet remembrances. “Forgetting is…indiscriminate. It doesn’t pick or choose. Just takes.”
Tony waited.
“Mr Stark, of course, has ascended to a whole new level. His heroic desire to shield his friends, family, the entire human world- married with his very human flaw of maintaining control in his world wounds him more than almost anything else. He is almost incapable- terrified of comprehending that there can be forces beyond his control, that the future he sees faster than anyone else is as unchangeable in his hands as in anyone else’s.” Steve had long dropped his gaze, and in the absence of a face before his eyes, it was like JARVIS was speaking in his ears again. Worried, anxious. Helpless. “So long he spent wilfully blind to the consequences of his actions, that once he chose to do differently and
Then she turns on her heel. And leaves. All without looking at him.
Or thousands. Tony leaned forward till his eyes were inches away from the smattering of dots, brain leaping a million miles per minute. “And since when is the UN proactive enough to send in the Avengers over ‘suspicious activity’?” To an area rampant with violation of human rights by government orders, no less. “Yeah, we’re bad news right now. But we’re still news.”
as the suit stepped down from the pedestal, towards Tony.
And then, because things were going well and he was Tony fucking Stark, he said, “You’re bisexual.”
Tony slowed to a stop.
Tony breathed. Strange, how sentiments he’d fundamentally disagreed with, words that had set his teeth on edge and his blood to boiling, now coloured by real, fallible
That was a stupidly long hiatus, I do apologise XP But to make up for it...extra long chapter! Woo! I'm also starting to realise that the meat of the plot of this story is going to take some time to get rolling, and we're going to have a lot of Avengers talking and communicating in the meantime. Because they desperately need to do it, and I am happy to provide. And because rebuilding trust is a tag XP
Sam’s lips curved, head sinking in a single nod-because he was always going to toss his lot in with faith. Doubts and all. “I will.”
For all these months, the chip had been a constant blip in the heart of the Avengers facility. Even when Tony paid visits to politicians and military officials and head of states- Steve had assumed Tony had probably shoved the phone into the darkest corner of some drawer in his office in the facility; but hadn’t minded, as long as it was still with him, ready to be drawn out at a desperate moment.
A beat passed, and maybe there was a glimmer of regret in Rhodey’s eyes, maybe like the day he’d trashed Tony’s house and taken his suit away. Just like that day, it passed before Tony could confirm it, and wasn’t followed by an apology. Just Rhodey, inhaling cold and quiet air, talking steadily. “If you think I’m going to let you do this alone, you’ve got another thing coming. I’m not leaving you.”
– Tony pulled a breath forcibly, sharp enough to sting his lungs.
“-and the way that dude grew so
Tony huffed slightly. He was definitely going to beat Rhodey on that one, one of these days. And he was never, ever going to play with Steve. “You like blueberries.”
His brows pulled together before the sentence was over, “I don’t quite un-” wait. Wait wait.
“Arrogant bastards.” Iron Man spoke out loud, muted and almost admiring. Three strides and the sound of metal against concrete echoed hollowly through the beach, Sam watching on carefully as the red-and-gold figure limned in light stepped in front of him and steadily disappeared down the darkened stairs. Two seconds, and Sam followed on his heels, wings folding inward and back with barely audible
“That changes nothing.” Tony waved an impatient hand, barely avoiding cracking a nail on the adjacent wall. Hell, there really was no space in here.
“Tones?”
“Are you framing your picture? Matching it up to the rule of thirds?”
right now. “While I’m sure scanning paperwork and fetching coffee are the height of your ambitions at the moment, SI could-”
“And then?” Tony didn’t know if it was considerate or cowardly of him to interject a question right then. Like Rhodey had paused for this very purpose-and not to breathe out a tight exhale because his back was screaming pain at him.
It changed nothing though. By the time his eyes could comprehend the action again, Iron Man was flat on his back and memory-Steve was pulling back his fist to punch him right across the face. Again, and again, and Steve let out a tight exhale when memory-Steve paused for a second, but it was only to retrieve the shield and fuck, they were back again,
Up and over his head-Tony brought down the shield with a vicious strength in his sinews he didn’t know he possessed, straight at the deceptively glass-like reactor casing. The recoil shuddered through his entire upper body this time, shoulders taking the brunt of it. It hurt; muscles crying out in protest, tendons twanging, salty sweat mingling freely with the metallic blood that spotted his lower lip, trickling inexorably into the matted tangle of his goatee. He spat to the side and swung at the light again.
Tony ran his eyes down the suit’s lines, illuminated by soft yellow light seeping in from the back wall. His heart was thudding.
And him being him, he could have all those thoughts all while debating through their thirty-seventh playthrough. “I say let Alex burn. We’ve saved that prat far too often and for far too little in return.”
“Not the end of the line just yet,” Steve says.
They pulled back at the same time, fingers clinging for a moment before they parted, hands curling symmetrically around empty space. Steve pushed back on his heels and slowly got to his feet, knees straightening up until he was fully in the light. Tony didn’t follow him.
call.” And Steve didn’t even know why he was pressing this. This had been his major worry ever since he’d first heard of the Accords- yet this tiny detail was all-encompassing now. “You promise that
“Nice place, isn’t it.” Peggy tilted her chin, dark eyes flitting over the light fixtures and checkered décor.
“Of course.” She assented immediately. “Private elevator or all-access?”
What would he say? What
A pause. Then- “I dunno, Mr Stark.” Peter said, and something about that tone made Tony’s restless eyes dart away from Queens and towards the boy that was looking back at him steadily. “Mine have turned out pretty great so far.”
Oh dear god, did that bring back memories. Old Edwin Jarvis, straightening his collar with a gentle
He didn’t make any move to push Steve off though, and Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s dark curls, pulling him closer.
“I already do the thing I like pretty often,” Steve whispered in a low voice, mouth a few centimetres away from Tony’s neck.
He doesn’t remember.
“Don’t mind Tony, he doesn’t like Xavier very much because of the telepathic abilities. Brings up some bad experiences with other superheroes going into his head,” Steve explained.
Steve finally pulled away, leaving his lips a few inches away from Tony’s own, and he saw the tears falling from his eyes. He wiped the tears away slowly from Tony’s face with his thumbs.
“Tony, what’s wrong?”
and I hate that you’re supporting the person who was the one who planted those images in my head and I couldn’t fucking bear to lose you, and I couldn’t bear to be unable to save you and lose the only person I ever loved with all of my heart –,” Tony stopped mid-sentence as he realised what he spilled as he lost control of his emotions. He felt like he wanted to cry but he couldn’t, he was so angry and upset and in so much pain all at the same time and he hated Steve Rogers.
Steve stared down at his toes, in deep thought, his fists clenched together in a tight grip.
“I’m just going to go to the communal level for breakfast now,” Steve said awkwardly, rubbing his palm on the back of his neck. Tony gave him a suspicious glance. Of course, Steve thought to himself, Tony isn’t easy to fool. He turned around and walked out quickly, trying not to look like he was fleeing the room.
Tony sat comfortably in the lounge of his apartment, as he tapped away at the keyboard with his eyes fixed carefully on the screen as he worked away at the 3D model of his character. He always wanted to be a superhero since he was younger, like the characters in the comics he loved so much. Howard always grabbed the comics and threw them in the bin, before losing his temper at Tony, saying that he wasn’t working hard enough and smart enough.
Tony thinks to himself that he should say he’s Bucky Barnes, part of the Howling Commandos and national icon, but he catches it just before it slips out of his mouth.
“Do you need me to come to New York? How far along are you? Do you need anything?”
Bucky is yelling all the while, telling him to stop, please, and for a second, Steve pauses, but then he’s slamming his head into the wall, and Bucky hears a sickening crack as it connects. Steve rears back, clearly intent on doing it again, and Bucky
He never hears the end of the sentence. Instead, Tony hears a grunt as Steve throws his shield, knocking out another ten, then: “Was that the last of them?”
Images of Steve filled his mind after that thought, blonde hair wet and plastered to his forehead, muscles flexing as he thrust inside Tony’s ass, the groans that had been punched from him… On second thought, maybe don’t go there.
The room’s clean, well-organized. A little
, he might be doing it again. The thought frightens him a little, but also comforts him by soothing away the dark voice of the ever-present Soldier, who tells him he’s broken and won’t ever love again. He tightens his arms around the smaller man, breathing out gently.
He likes old-fashioned names like Beth, Adaline, and Ren, but can’t help but feel a little like it’s another form of pining for Steve. Once that thought creeps into his head, as it inevitably does every time, he shuts down his computer with a sigh and goes to do another activity.
At the time, he’d dealt with it the only way his new body would let him; physically. Sometimes he still wished he was a skinny teenager in Brooklyn, with dreams even bigger than the bustling city he lived in.
“You’re not going to like it,” Tony warns. Steve growls at that. “Alright, alright! It’s, uh, Barnes.”
“Promise you won’t be mad?”
“I don’t remember much about the whole thing, just the words, you know,” Bucky says quickly, stumbling over his sentences. “And, and I think I was in love with you, but that didn’t make it right for me to say that. I don’t know if we were together, and, you know, even if we were, I’m still so sorry.” Bucky clamps his mouth shut, horrified by what just came out of his mouth.
But Tony… Tony was light and vibrant and beautiful and energetic, and Steve? Steve
“Never mind, Buckaroo,” Tony says, turning to his boyfriend and smiling, before waddling over to the nursing chair and sinking down into it with a sigh. “This feels so good, you have no idea.”
The click of a gun being cocked brings him back to the present with a jolt, and he raises his eyebrows at the Soldier. “Really? I give you a shower and clothes and you’re training a gun on me?”
“Everything short of marriage or eloping is fine, I guess, because I do want to be fucked regularly still–” Bucky snorts, “–but maybe as long as there are no sleepovers? Or maybe not that often? I don’t know. I just…”
His ears are fuzzy through the pounding of his head, but he can very vaguely make out the sounds of the driver and the passenger side arguing fiercely, their voices growing louder and louder as they grow more and more agitated. They’re quarreling about whether or not to make a gas stop, and they sound like they’re already running late. One of them insists they have time, the other doesn’t.
“I can’t,” Steve sobs and retches twice from the inordinate amount of crying and the sheer stress of it all. “I can’t, Bucky, it’s too much, I just want to
and here he is.
, he’d almost given up right then and there. The amount of guilt that came with losing your child was astronomical, and sometimes Steve lay in bed just swamped in it, crying himself to sleep.
He shakes his head and looks over at Tony, who still hasn’t noticed him. Which, as far as he’s concerned, is fine. He wanders over to a table in the middle, noting the lamp that Tony forgot to turn off, and the papers strewn across it. White and black pens are messily arranged in unwashed coffee mugs and countless blunt pencils litter the sketches on the table.
“It’s alright. I just… you get it. It just sort of all built up, and suddenly I just couldn’t stand the thought of being…”
“Agent Agent’s fine, but I don’t know if I want it to get through to Fury too.”
go back to the squiggly octopus tentacles of darkness creeping over his vision as the light leaves him and he sinks into cold, freezing…
After that first day, however, of Tony not saying anything and Bucky and Steve awkwardly finding each other's eyes before looking away, they’re split again, this time for good.
“He left,” Tony says quietly. “He’s waiting for you to find him.”
you mean?”
“What’s your status, Iron Man?” Steve asks in his ear, and Tony feels a smile tug at the corner of his mouth. Even with gooey robots running around, Steve’s priority is his team.
He decides to take a shower instead of dressing immediately, letting out a soft sigh of contentment as the warm spray hits his skin. He washes his body first, before looking down in confusion at two bottles in the corner. He bends down and picks them up, frowning at the cartoon oranges decorating one white bottle, and the green limes decorating the other.
The answer: probably not, but Tony… Tony wonders. He’s forgiven Steve and has asked for space, and Steve has done nothing but grant him that and respect his boundaries, while also being there for him whenever Tony needed him to be.
“You knew?” Bucky asks dumbly.
“I, uh, brought you some clean clothes.” Jesus Christ, he sounds like he’s offering some girl her clothes the morning after.
“Here,” he says, handing Bucky a notebook and bright orange pen. “Write down anything you want to be on it. Go wild; I can basically add anything you want, so if there’s an engraving you want, or a color, or a mounted machine gun, I can do that,” Tony tells him, and laughs a little at the interested gleam in Bucky’s eyes at the possible prospect of his bike having a machine gun.
“What’s this?” he asks gruffly.
“We’ll see,” she promises and takes out three little green things at once.
With a little bit of coaxing and the assurance that she’s heard it all before, he carefully tells her that he doesn’t go up on the roof anymore because he’s worried he might jump. The fact that he recognizes he’s not stable in that sense, she explains to him, is a step in the right direction.
Then he leans down and presses his lips feather-light to Steve’s, reveling in the warm tingling feeling it leaves when it goes away. Yeah, he’s made up his mind.
The girl grins and enters it on the black computer screen. “Anything else?” she asks.
hits him that he’s having a baby.
Steve looks him straight in the eye, then, and for the first time since being reacquainted with his oldest friend, he finds himself feeling scared by the man. Steve’s gaze seems to pierce straight through him, as if he’s staring into his soul and Bucky’s eyes are nothing more than transparent pieces of glass in the way. He looks in control, however, and his voice is steady when he answers.
He wanted to ramble off as he usually did in the mornings, while Steve listened attentively and actually cared about what he said. After Loki tried to destroy planet Earth and they had a successful save-the-planet stint, his relationship with the Captain improved, and they progressed from superhero colleagues to friends who could talk about things other than saving the world and go out for casual meals, or late night drinks, talks, and movies. All that went to shit after Ultron though. They were back to less than 5 sentences in a day, just went Tony thought they might have progressed to a little more than friends.
“So do we,” Steve admits.
“Sorry Steve, I need to settle stuff for Reed. How about you just explore with the Starkpad first? I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
Until Steve pulled him into a bone crushing hug.
“Why are you just sitting here gazing at a Starkpad? I thought you had better things to do than that, honestly. Like punching a bag, doing paperwork, liaising with your fans and chairperson of fanclub, Phil Coulson. Something along those lines, honestly,” Clint said as he leaned over, trying to peek at the screen.
When he reached the door, Tony was still in a call with Reed. Seeing as the door was left open, Steve invited himself into Tony’s laboratory.
Which he did.
He knew Steve was insecure about himself, and he wanted to change that, he thought to himself as he worked on his latest character that he decided to call Captain America. “Blond, blue eyes, but strong. No more health problems that Stevie suffers from,” he muttered to himself. “What weapon should I equip him with? I would have wanted a cool gun or something, but Steve only fights to protect the weak.”
“Tony,” Steve shouted. There was no anger in it though, only some kind of wistfulness, or melancholy. Tony stopped walking, and he didn’t know what to do. He wished his heart would stop feeling like it wanted to jump out of the arc reactor, for Steve.
Steve leaned in, and pressed his own lips to Tony’s. They were so warm, in contrast to the cold rainwater evaporating off his skin. So warm, they were melting the ice around Tony’s heart. Tony felt this dull ache at his arc reactor – he wanted to push Steve away, but he wanted more. So he just stood there, and let Steve kiss him, slowly, softly. He let Steve take away all his troubles with every single contact.
Great. Even Thor was better than him at modern technology. Now he seemed like a huge loser in front of Tony. He glanced at Tony, who seemed to be laughing until he was tearing up.
“Sir, take a deep breath, Sir,” FRIDAY rang out in the lift. He ignored her.
“But we won’t,” Steve finished. He took a quick glance around the house, then at Tony. Neither of them could properly move on, and they knew it no matter how much they reassured each other that life couldn’t be better now. The walls of their new house were plastered with pictures of Peter, capturing the most important moments. The time when Peter got adopted, at the age of twelve. Peter’s first science fair, in which he showed the same flair for science that Tony had, and Steve joked about how nobody would believe that Peter was adopted. Peter’s first time wearing a superhero suit when he got bitten by a spider, and Steve and Tony argued for a few nights before they accepted that their son was the same as them, and took a family picture in their outfits. Like a Halloween costume party. A candid photo taken by Steve of them working together on Peter’s Spiderman suit, and another one taken by Tony of Steve and Peter making it up to each other at the ice cream parlour after a big fight between them over Peter trying to take on the Vulture by himself. There were pictures of Morgan too – including a little gift that Friday sent them on her own – a Photoshopped image of Peter cradling Morgan when she was just born.
Without saying anything to Reed, he got up, and walked towards the door, while Reed anxiously chased after him, asking for more precious porcelain shards so that he could possibly get another scientific breakthrough. Most of what Reed was mumbling faded off into nothing, as he was lost in his thoughts.
“Maybe if you amplified the signals you were sending by increasing the frequency of the Large Hadron Collider, or changing the type of particle to one with different percentage of quarks, you might be able to do it. But this would require an experiment with many different forms of – Steve? Why are you here? I’m busy sciencing right now, I’ll get back to you later,” Tony replied in a hurried, mechanical tone, one hand flying across the keyboard to type a code testing out hypothetical particles, the other hand flipping pages on other scientific journals.
“It’s a secret – don’t let others know. I can already feel the expectations coming on and I might just zipline away forever. Anyway, I think I’ve been third wheeling way too long here, so I’m going to just leave now.” Clint turns around, and starts to walk away, before he looks back and mouths to Steve – “He needs you.”
“Oh man, I forgot they were still here and they just had to listen as to how I had a crush on Petey. How very embarrassing,” Wade said to some invisible person. While he was still talking, Tony lunged at him, grabbing on to his arm with the tight grip of the gauntlet.
Steve, I’m sure you know what that word means. A few more lines of coding and I’ll go and watch your stupid Justice League with you.”
“I was never a good person, alright, lay off me with your goddamn righteousness. I try so fucking hard but it never goes right, and I know, I know I’m a fucking failure of a person and Ultron is all my fault. Do you know why I made Ultron?” Tony yelled. “I made Ultron because I had nightmares that
“Every time you guys argue, you guys seem like you are going to yell and then have really angry make up sex. Everyone in the tower knows it. Even Tony knows it. Pep agreed to a breakup because she could see that Tony obviously wants you and not her.”
“How’s my little girl doing? It’s time you pass her over to me, I want to hug her for a while,” Steve whined, trying to ease the tension in the atmosphere.
“What’s going on, Tony?” Steve asked sleepily.
The game was making good progress, and Tony had come up with a name for the team that they were in. Steve was curled up on the couch, watching as Tony’s fingers clicked furiously away at the keyboards connected to the large monitors.
The movie played on, and they watched on in comfortable silence, and Steve slowly nodded off to sleep. It had been a busy day at the Daily Bugle for him. Tony grabbed a blanket lying around on the floor, smoothed it out in a few strokes before covering the both of them with the soft cloth. He pressed a kiss to the top of Steve’s head tenderly and chastely, before falling asleep as well.
The spaceship jerked halfway through Tony’s desperate pleads – and it jerked a few more times – before it was hurtling through space. He started laughing and crying all at the same time. “I’m going to see Steve, Nebs, I’m going to see my Capsicle!” She was then enveloped in his tight hug, a sad little smile etched on her face, for nobody who saw him at that moment could doubt how much he could love and how much he was loved.
So that’s what happened. Or at least, in Steve’s assumptions. Tony probably asked Pepper to marry him, with a fancy, huge and pompous marriage proposal and Pepper turned him down. His ego probably couldn’t deal with the hit, which was odd since it was Tony fucking Stark, and he was the most likely out of all the Avengers to get a rash from commitment. He seemed really down about the rejection though, and even got himself dead drunk. Steve sighed, feeling sorry for him, and grabbed him by the arm, pulling him up from his knees.
“I never knew Captain America could be so dense. Get your head out of your star-spangled ass and think. Why would Tony break up with Pepper?”
“Wait.” Tony walked over to Steve and grabbed his wrist to stop him from leaving. “What was it you actually wanted to say? I’m really sorry you had to hear what Reed said, he was just spouting nonsense, I don’t want you to be offended or anything just because he talked about romance between us. I recognise that we’re just acquaintances and honestly he shouldn’t have said that.”
“It’s me,” Steve said softly, with a tinge of excitement. “I look good.”
He sat up quickly, and Steve moved backwards a little, concern written all over his face. Tony studied Steve’s grime-covered battle look, and was surprised to actually see tears forming at the corners of his eyes.
“Thanks,” Tony said gruffly, and he began to walk away, not sure where he was even going.
Lesson 1: The Internet
“Then who’s taking care of the kids?”
“It’s already perfect.”
“Then you mustn’t have seen a lot of perfect things in your life, darling, the game is so incomplete.”
“Great, no nightmares,” Tony replied quietly.
“Tony, I can explain, it isn’t what you think,” Steve said hurriedly.
“Good, good, we can run the experiment now!” Reed rubbed his hands together with anticipation.
“That’s a beautiful name.” He fished around in his pocket, before appearing with a small orange-flavoured lollipop. “This is for you,” he said aloud, before his voice dropped to a whisper. “Petey would have loved you.”
Whenever he thought of Steve’s shiny blond hair, his perfect build, his azure blue eyes, his altruism, his glittering All-American personality, his heart wrenched. The very person he wanted to protect, the very person he fell head over heels for was now looking at him as if he was a prisoner or some enemy of America. He sat on the chair of the bar counter holding his 4th cup of coffee, while his head rang as he hadn’t been able to get any sleep the entire night.
