“Good morning?”
.” John dropped his bag back on the table. Practically threw it. No number he counted to could ever be high enough. Nope. Not for this. “If I didn’t know better,” he said, slowly, deliberately, and very much aware that he was rising to the bait like a terminally curious fish, “I’d say you were trying to seduce me.”
Sarah made Irene move so that John could focus on Molly’s frankly beautiful O-face. Then she made John move again to get a shot of Sherlock pushing his fingers into Molly as she rode out the aftershocks.
“I’m totally clean.” He told me. I raised an eyebrow and he amended himself. “Almost clean.” I rolled my eyes and went upstairs to change my clothes before we’d have to leave.
The room was dark, and I waved my hand in front of myself my vision slowly clearing.
“What should we tell him?”
“Morning.” She said, her back towards me.
“Beat it out of him, out think him. I don’t know, just get him to confess.” He said, and hung up the phone. I sighed. Interrogation never was my strong suit. I decided to sit down. The chair scraped on the floor, drawing his attention back to me.
“Yes...”
“Seriously? You drink my tea and then want to criticise it?” I walked back over to the kettle and poured another cup.
”Harrison Mull.” I told Jane as we walked towards the house. Police tape still lined the sidewalk around the house. A few investigators still mulled around the house, looking for something. “23 years old. Works at the nuclear plant on the other side of town.” I pointed out. Jane nodded and bent down under the tape. “Found in his room with the curtains and blinds pulled, windows locked, door closed.”
“I mean, I just got an inheritance that’s worth more than me!” I said. Sherlock flipped the manilla envelope over and pulled out some pictures, without looking at them he tapped the number.
“What?” I asked.
Jane’s POV
“Why didn’t you tell me you met a rich American with large amounts of land in England?” He asked.
“The only problem, is that she’s not dead.” Confused, I pushed past him and looked at the screen. Kennedy Morgenstern was standing in front of her large home, several microphones being pushed at her face.
“No.” I answered.
“I don’t need to do a sweep do I?” He asked. I gave him a pointed look. Ever since I had moved in to the flat with Sherlock, he kept wanting to do drug checks. It was as if everyone wanted to prove to me how bad of a person Sherlock was.
When I finally made it back to the flat the sky had turned dark and the lights of the city were blazing. I opened the door of the flat and listened to it click shut. I left the car parked out front, Mycroft or his driver was going to have to come and get it himself. I walked up the stairs to my bedroom and dumped my shoes unceremoniously in the closet. I grabbed a fist of cloths from one of my drawers and walked into the bathroom. I stopped and looked at myself in the mirror. More hairs had escaped the braid in my hair and I yanked it out, waves of hair dropping to my shoulder. My makeup was a bit smeared and the dress had a wonderful yellowish stain right down the middle. I doubted that it would come out. My eyes finally welled up with tears and I struggled to keep them from falling. I wiped the makeup off my face and peeled off the dress. I stepped into the shower and cleaned my hair. I hadn’t even lasted two hours. After I dried my hair and put the dress in the closet, not even bothering to try to get the stain out. I pulled on a pair of checkered pajama pants and a black shirt. I didn’t bother eating anything and sat on my bed, staring at the peeling paint on the wall. Eventually I feel into a stupor, willing myself to think about anything than the party. I hoped Sherlock would find a ride back, though Elana would probably be more than happy to bring him back and if push comes to shove Mycroft was there. After a while I turned out the light and laid on the bed, staring at the ceiling well after I heard Sherlock walk into the flat.
“Why didn’t you get tea? Coffee is just a st….” He started to say before I cut him off.
“Why isn’t she picking up? What’s she doing?” He questioned.
“She was one of my clients once when I worked with Ben and Sue.” she said.
“Your brother keeps files on everyone.” He answered tapping the physical description page. 5’3 ½”, dirty blonde, hazel eyes. The consistencies were there, the question was why?
“What was her medicine for?” Sherlock interrupted. Oscar didn’t even blink.
“I thought you might want some alone time.” I told him.
Friday I went and grabbed a necklace I’d found in my drawers. It was a dainty little thing, a single, raw pearl was stranded on it. I boarded the bus and smiled, hoping to see Marissa sitting in her normal seat, but she wasn't. I looked out the window the whole ride and looked out the window as we passed her familiar stop.
“Yes it does.” Sherlock said, looking me dead in the eye. I tore my gaze away and tucked them under my arm, heading up to my room to try them on. “I recommend the second one.” Sherlock said as I made my way upstairs. How he knew what they looked like was beyond me, though it wasn’t surprising. I unwrapped the dresses and tried on each, deciding that I indeed did like the second better. I hung them up in my closet, careful to smooth out potential wrinkles. I made my way down stairs.
“Did I miss anything?” Jane said. I turned.
“Like I fell off a train.” She said, rubbing her temples. I stood and Jane got on her feet. I looked over at the body just a few feet away. Trauma to the brain and heart.
“I’m in a well, Sherlock. Sherlock? There’s more, I found…..” Jane said, suddenly switching. A slight breeze blew on my neck and I turned. The pictures on the wall slightly stirred and walked over to the north wall. I put a slight bit of pressure on it and the walls fell, revealing the burned remains of my childhood home.
“Did you have anything to do with it?”
“Found anything?” Sherlock’s voice rang out on the other end. I held up a finger to Landon, letting him know I was going to be a minute.
“What’s the tie?” Jane asked.
“Jane Watson.” I responded, shaking her hand. She smiled and turned forward, riding to the next stop before getting off. She paused before the door and turned and waved to me. I smiled and waved back, watching her disappear into the crowds of London. I rode the bus just a little further before I got off for work.
I walked into the flat, it’s floors refurbished and the wall paper still not looking worn. I set my violin case on the desk which for once wasn’t covered in papers. Jane was sitting in her chair, a blanket on her lap and a book in her hand. I walked over and sat down, waiting for her oncoming questions. They didn’t come. A barely eaten plate was situated on the table, a cold cup sitting next to it. I watched as her eyes scanned one page, then would go back and read the same page. She wasn’t actually reading, or at least she was trying, re-reading the same pages over and over not processing much of anything. Though she told me not to deduce her, she seems oddly vulnerable. Circles under the eyes, limited sleep caused by large amounts of stress. She hair was in messy bun on the top of her head, hairs falling out to fan the back of her neck. Tired, possibly not feeling well. Messy clothing meaning careless, relaxed. Definitely not feeling well. The uneaten plate of food and cup of cold tea, no appetite because of stress or being shaken. I looked out the window and out into the street where the street lamps had started to turn on. I stood and turned back Jane,
They walked slowly up the drive and the few stairs to the hall entrance, Sherlock presented his forged invitation and they made their way together to the main hall.
“Ta.  OK Let’s get this over with. ”
Sherlock left the cab stopping to adjust the half mask he was wearing.  It was ornate and complete with horse ears and a braided forelock suggesting a mane.  He fluffed his already riotous curls and stood preening for a moment.  It was a scene of vanity hiding the detective’s critical surveying sweep of the area.
“Of course in Reality they are spoiled, less than moderately intelligent siblings who are both more than a little delusional.  They are true hedonists with a taste for the exotic, specifically all things equine in nature.  As part of their criminal debut they have recently managed to ‘acquire ‘several significant Greek antiquities. Included in their acquisition are a few equine themed bronze sculptures of a rather erotic nature.” Sherlock stressed the t in erotic and winked at John before continuing.  “The collection is Worth a considerable amount monetarily and much more valuable in the historical cultural sense.  Obviously the Greek government would like them returned. Intact and if possible, unsullied.”
“Bloody horse’s arse is what you are.”
Sometimes Sherlock would open his giant sea-colored eyes and wonder what he had done in a previous life to be condemned to such tranquility as he'd experienced for decades.  Quiet.  Calm.  Peaceful.  It was hateful.
“Well, more universally nondiscriminatory really, and as I mentioned, very much into horses.”
“Twins?”
He gasped and trembled, and Sherlock crowded up beside him, offering the comfort of his presence, the heat of his body, the protection of his wings and long sharp claws.  An enormous eye, pupil slitted like a cat, glared wetly at its charge, and Jackie stared back, bonded in that moment to something bigger than any human could have a right to know.
When Jackie went home that night, he thought he’d never been happier.
, for he was Jackie’s
The boy only smiled, and approached with his stained pocket handkerchief.  “Ok now, Sherlock,” he said.  “Don't be scared.  I only want to help,”  and with those words, dipped the cotton into a nearby pool, and dabbed at Sherlock's cut with care.  “My name is Jackie,” he murmured as he worked, and Sherlock’s eyes slowly blinked in acknowledgment.
And that night, in his cave, as he lay with his snout against the cold skin, eyes mournfully lifted to the cave door, tragic and lost, there was a rustling of wings.
Over time, Mary’s appeal faded, Sherlock was fiercely glad when John told him it was over.
“Yep.
“So, got what you needed then, solved it?” John smiled, already knowing the answer.
There was a moment of singing, a moment of the kind of music that only the earth can create, of wind in a vale, of water over pebbles, of waves against the sand, of the sighing of trees, the fluttering of feathers and the purr of a cat.
“No, I understand that bit, thank you.  What I want to know is why I can’t have my own costume.  Why do I need to be the back end of yours?”
But he never thought of dragons, slowly curving their tails into boats by the shore, twitching the edges of their sharp-toothed jaws into faint smiles as they allowed the encroachment of a small boy, found he was willing to play…
So Sherlock amiably dodged around the perimeter of the ship, easily avoiding their clumsy canon, and Jackie laughed so hard at the hullabaloo they created that he nearly slipped into the ocean.
“You trust too much.”
“Still.” I grumbled, pulling out a newspaper from the basket on the floor. It wasn’t a current newspaper. Maybe a year old or so. Sherlock liked to keep old newspapers though most of them ended up cut up into clippings for a case. Sherlock grabbed the pictures from each suspect and put them on the wall. He pointed at them.
“It’s a case so it’s not for me.” She said. She opened the book and began to read it. I got a chance to glance at the cover and was able to identify it as a classic. Jane Austen maybe. I didn’t care much for fictional works. The shelves in the living room were lined with different books on languages, the world, and records. I didn’t think it would take Jane very long to become bored of that book. I doubted she’d make it half-way. I threw the chemicals into the trash and picked up the folder. It was a thick, heavy folder. ‘It’s important than’ I thought. I set it at the bottom of the pile made my way into the living room. I picked up my violin and began to play. Jane looked up, already knowing that I didn’t look at the case. She turned back to the book and only ended up reading for a couple more minutes. I was right. Though, that wasn’t much or a surprise. I continued to play, my own thoughts intermingling. I went through the last case in my head, going over details and little facts that I could pull out of my head. I wasn’t standing in my flat anymore, I was standing on the grounds of my childhood home, watching Mycroft and I play on the bank of a small creek. I turned when a voice rang out, I looked over and spotting Jane standing in the doorway of my home. She smiled and beckoned to me.
“I used to like rooftops,” Sherlock said, looking out over the London skyline. “The view. The solitude. The silence. Helped me think. I’ve avoided them since that day, you know.”
to see this man, hear him speak, learn what was so
“I just came up here to think, John. I didn’t realize Molly would call you and tell you where I was.”
John didn't move, didn't breathe, or blink. He was transfixed, the horror of what Sherlock revealed to him plain on his face. The look of horror morphed into sadness, and of course, anger.
which is definitely worth the watch, if you haven't seen it already.   The whole performance fairly screamed Sherlock to me (or maybe I've just got Johnlock on the brain).
was genuine.   This wasn’t the gesture of a man repurposing his castoffs.  Sherlock was
“Why didn’t you tell me anyway?” John all but shouted. “Jesus, Sherlock, you were right there! You saw what you did to us, to me. Hell, you could have mentioned this at any time when you got back, but you didn’t. Why? Why didn’t you trust me with this?”
I was inspired by
“I didn’t want you to know,” Sherlock insisted. “I could endure many things, John, but your pity is not one of them. Besides, you had Mary.” Sherlock smiled sadly. “You had everything you wanted, a life that I could never give you.” Sherlock paused, carefully considering his words. “And I knew I could only be a part of your life if I provided the excitement and danger you needed. You are every bit the addict I am, John, only your drug of choice is adrenaline; you chase the high of cheating death.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” John hissed. “I blamed myself, you know. Why did you let me grieve?”
… when they had first met, but
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone.
Squaring his shoulders with a soldier’s resolve, John pulled open the door and stepped inside.
John huffed a quiet laugh.  “Of course you didn’t.”
that Sherlock disdained, the gaudy presentation that rendered the gift meaningless.  It wasn’t about appreciation anymore, having been reduced to a farcical retelling of gratitude designed to attract attention in an ostentatious display of wealth and clout.  But this,
Speaking of never knowing….
The quote at the start of the story is taken from chapter 18, verse 47 of the Bhagavad Gita, for those who want to know.
John cocked his head at the non sequitur, blinking wet flakes out of his eyes.
Sherlock looked up and gaped at John, jaw slackened in disbelief.
Sherlock huffed a laugh at the memory of Mycroft with a swollen nose, loo paper wadded in his nostrils, a line of blood down his stiff upper lip and into his mouth. He couldn’t recall the last time the British Government had looked so green. He never could stomach the sight of blood.
John watched as Sherlock’s gaze turned feral. His cerulean eyes narrowed, his lips parted and he bared his teeth. John had seen that look, once, when Sherlock tossed the American out the window for harming Mrs. Hudson, during the case with Irene Adler. It was terrifying to be on the receiving end of that look.
John realized what he was doing as he said it.  He was flirting.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed as he gaped at the man for a few seconds, his thoughts stuttering to a halt in surprise.
“Dinner?”
John set his face in his hands, unable to keep his own facade from cracking.
, he recognized that look, the one behind the army doctor’s eyes that screamed for alleviation from boredom. How
Sherlock looked over the man as he regained his balance, noting the crumbs on his jumper (
“As I said once before, we devised thirteen possible scenarios for how this confrontation would end, and covered every contingency, except for one.” Sherlock shook his head, a humorless smile on his lips. “There’s always something. We both knew that Moriarty was untouchable by any law, and any successful action had to result in not only his demise, but his network of criminals as well. Moriarty knew this, which is why he intended my death that day as well. I didn’t realize the extent of what he would do to ensure his desired outcome.” He narrowed his eyes, which blazed with self-loathing. “I missed it,” he hissed.
was different. He didn’t want
“It’s a fitting day for it, the end of an era,” Sherlock replied, vaguely amazed that his voice was as steady as it was. “It’s the 29th today.”
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, eyes thoughtful and contemplative. He didn’t remove his hands from John’s grip, however. He had a chance with John, if he chose to take it. After everything, there was still a chance. Sherlock wanted to feel hopeful, wanted just this once to embrace the sentiment, full-stop. His mind was already made up even before he could contemplate the alternatives, and he found that he didn’t care. He would take this risk.
He realized it when he left a boy in stitches for teasing his sister to tears. John had been made to apologize, but he did it with a tight smile and a low voice that said “sorry”, but really meant “Next time, I’ll do worse”.  He hid that part of himself behind a rakish smile and an easy laugh, but no one teased Harry in John’s presence after that.
It's harder to make a story with only 221 words - and have it make sense - than I thought.   And in with 1 minute to spare.  But then I had to edit, because of course I did.  Twice.
Sherlock wondered how Molly could have followed him without him realizing it, but he was distracted, after all. He supposed anything was possible. Molly was one of two people who could surprise Sherlock. The other was John.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ve missed you, John,”  he said softly.
Sherlock sighed and stretched his legs out in front of him, wiggling his toes in his worn trainers and relishing the ache from the cold.  He dropped his blanket to his lap to cover his legs, the torn denim offering little protection from the cold and wind, as he hugged his arms to his chest to conserve what little warmth he had, utterly ignoring the persistent rumble in his stomach.  Food wasn’t a priority for him on the best days, and he hadn’t become hungry enough to dig through the bins for food rather than pickpocketing obnoxious tourists.  Besides, there was little enough food in the alleyway.  Sherlock was content to let what there was go to whomever wanted it more.
Sherlock paused again, his normally piercing eyes were unfocused as he lost himself to his memories and self-blame, and John let him burn.
He lost track of how long it had been since he fled the rehab facility, but whether it was weeks or years, it was irrelevant.  It was almost a challenge to remain hidden, at first.  His homeless network was ever loyal - he was one of them, after all.  No matter where he lived or how long he’d stay away, the back alleys and forgotten places would always welcome him.  Mycroft could try to track him with CCTV cameras and poorly-hidden minions all he wished, but Sherlock had called these streets home off and on for years; he knew how to remain hidden.
Some fluff.  No point to it.
“I don’t want you to stay out of a sense of obligation, John,” Sherlock began.
“And bounced off some bloke’s head.”  John giggled at the memory.  “We tried so hard not to laugh, and you slouched down into your coat hoping he wouldn’t notice you.”
John climbed to his feet and held out his hand to pull Sherlock to his feet as well.
It wasn’t one of Mycroft’s men, unless he’d taken to hiring invalids with a cane.  The man - a soldier, clearly - was clad in a ratty jacket and jogging bottoms, his hands and head bare.  Firelight illuminated his light hair, burnishing it a pleasing honeyed gold.  He had apparently worn out his welcome at the fire, and either didn’t know or didn’t care that he was outnumbered four to one.  Sherlock was inclined to think that the man didn’t care.  He stood his ground with his cane in his hand, the injury that necessitated its use evidently forgotten.  He held it like a weapon, his head held high and back straight.
, that his body wasn’t lying there vacant, alive in name only.
“You know?’ he asked, flabbergasted. “What do you mean, ‘you know’?”
Sherlock once described his mind as a rocket tearing itself to pieces on the launch pad, and he wasn’t wrong, but he wasn’t entirely forthcoming either.  After a long time of missing the blatantly obvious, John realized that the man felt, keenly and deeply, and that he wielded his amazing mind like a weapon to protect his heart.
Later, when plush lips made sweet with plum sauce and desire crashed into his own, John knew that his secret was safe.
“I'm sure you’ve realized by now that I sent you away to Mrs. Hudson because I needed to meet Moriarty alone,” Sherlock began. John closed his eyes at the memory of the call that said that their landlady had been attacked. He nodded, unable to tell Sherlock to get on with it.
"Oh, no, he had that coming.  Selling me off to Moriarty was Mycroft's big mistake."
, as if his body rebelled at physical stagnation as much as his mind rebelled at the mental variety.  Even when he was in his mind palace, Sherlock’s eyes moved to and fro, visualizing who-knows-what in that great brain.  Hell, even when Sherlock was lethargic from boredom and was determined to remain a permanent lump on the sofa, he couldn't remain still.  He would wriggle his toes into the cushions, or burrow his face into the crook of the armrest.  Even asleep, he would twitch and all manner of expressions would cross his face, too fleeting for John to identify, but he could watch the man sleep for hours and never be bored.
Sherlock’s eyes landed on him the instant he opened the door.  In this light, they took on a silvery hue, but softened as he smiled in greeting as John sat opposite, shedding his coat.  Sherlock’s remained firmly in place, a bulwark against the world.
“What the
John was familiar with the routine.
, he’d said, his voice impossibly disinterested as he scoffed in derision.
Both men remained silent as the same server set a pot of tea on the table.
offering to spend the night with a man he’d only just met.
“John Watson,” he said.
“Yeah, Sherlock. A lot has changed since then. Besides, it would have made you uncomfortable, anyway. Your body is only transport, and you’ve made clear what you think about love in general.”
), the mud on his shoes (
Not that it mattered - the only one who could see it was laying still and unconscious three feet away.
“I. Will not. Jump.” Sherlock emphasized each word with a shake to John’s head. “I’m going to let you up now, and you’re not going to lay a hand on me again, or I will put you back down here and keep you here until you settle down. Is. That. Clear?”
“I had no alternative. To save your life, I had to die.”
, as though Sherlock needed any sort of translator between him and the world.
It's late, but hopefully it's worth it :)
“I wanted to tear him apart with my bare hands, John, but Moriarty's network was more vast than even Mycroft could imagine, and I was forced to readjust our approach.”
“What, the fuck, are you doing up here?” he asked, his voice cracking at the end.
“Yeah, well, it doesn’t really matter now, I suppose,” John sighed. He looked over at Sherlock, then back down to his hands. Whatever he was going to tell Sherlock, he was uncomfortable with it. “I’m leaving London, you know. Too many memories. Too many pieces of Mary’s past life that might come back, like Ajay.”
“Talk, then. Sherlock. I want - I want to clear the air before I leave. No regrets.”
Sherlock smirked.  “You know my methods.  Thought you’d have figured it out by now.”
Sherlock took a steadying breath as he waited for the man’s reaction, tightening his grip on his whiskey bottle in case the man tried to answer the deductions with violence.  He may have balked at four-to-one odds, but Sherlock was alone, and a deceptively easy target.
John’s words left him empty, the finality of his tone seeping into Sherlock’s body, replacing bone and blood and sinew with a vast nothing.
It was another thing that changed about Sherlock - he took green tea, now.
“It isn’t what I wanted, John.” Sherlock looked over at John, pretending that the tears that had gathered in the corners of his eyes were from the wind and cold, rather than bitter memories. “We don’t do this. Talking. I wanted to tell you, to give you that one word you said you needed. But I didn’t. And after each day, each mission completed, it became harder to think about you and home and stay focused on what I needed to do.”
I am especially grateful for Ariane DeVere's wonderful transcripts.  I'd be lost binge-watching the show again otherwise, and who knows when the chapter would have been done?
"Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other."
“Why are
He didn’t think about how he was arguing against a voice in his own head.
Sherlock kept talking. His voice was getting hoarse, his throat dry, but it was as though a dam had been broken, and the words he never wanted to say never stopped pouring out.
“Mycroft’s men were dealing with the snipers, so there was no real danger, except for you.” Sherlock gave John a look he couldn't decipher. “When you left Baker Street and returned to Bart's, Mycroft lost the sniper who was assigned to you. I was already on the roof, and the plan was already in motion. He had no means of communicating your location to me, and therefore, the arrival of your sniper. Everything I did had to be careful and exact to ensure your safety.
Sherlock’s eyes grew far away, and John realized Sherlock was reliving those memories. His brow furrowed as if in pain, and John wanted so much to reach out and smooth away the wrinkles that appeared in Sherlock’s forehead with his fingers. John had fought in a war, but he always had support, even when he was bleeding out into the desert sand. He never had to wonder what it would be like to fight on his own, knowing he wouldn’t survive, but unable to stop until the end. He quelled his urge to touch Sherlock and forced himself to be still, and Sherlock continued.
It wasn't only John's choices that landed them there, but John's a bit of a wreck right now, so it's understandable if he's a bit hard on himself.  Love makes people do and feel crazy things, after all.  Don't worry - they'll all get sorted in the end :)
John flexed his fingers and clenched his jaw, drawing a steadying breath through his nose.  Was he always an open book to Sherlock?  Was there any part of John that was private, that wasn’t exposed like a raw nerve?
“My cover was blown, but I wasn’t finished with the work yet. I had no choice but to continue, or those I love would never be safe.” Sherlock’s eyes grew haunted, his voice subdued and almost carried away by the wind. John had to strain to hear him. “I had resolved that I would most likely not survive my mission.” Sherlock gave John a sad smile. “I felt grateful, you know? That you had already mourned me. That if I died for real, it wouldn’t matter.”
John felt his face get hot, and he turned away from Sherlock to let the chill of the January wind relieve the heat in his cheeks.
“I got reckless,” he said, quietly. He shivered into his coat. “I grew sloppy, and I was captured by an obscure branch of Moriarty's cells in Serbia. The last one. They were trafficking stolen weapons and heroin, of all things. They almost weren’t worth it, the risk to you was miniscule, but it was still there. I had to eliminate it.
“Across the room, I recall-”
Sherlock cast a sideways glance at John before looking down at hands in his lap.
Sherlock’s tone had flattened as he spoke, as if he was reading an incident report rather than detailing what he had done for two years. John recognized this tactic for what it was, and felt his heart clench for his (former?) friend.
A commotion at the end of the alleyway caught Sherlock’s attention, and he quickly curled back in on himself behind the boxes forming his makeshift shelter, hiding among what the untrained eye would mistake for a pile of debris.  He tucked his chin onto his chest, breathing into his anorak so that the clouds of his exhale wouldn’t be visible.  With any luck, whatever was causing the commotion would pass him by and leave him unbothered.
Sherlock gave John a tentative grin, and John gave a tight smile in return.
(See the end of the chapter for
John remembered something Mary had said once, about agents not leaving, but getting retired. He shuddered in spite of himself.
John chuckled a bit, too, no doubt remembering the look on Mycroft’s face when one punch from John Watson dropped him like a stone. The mirthful moment was all too brief, and John watched the smile fade from Sherlock's face as he continued.
As much as he complained about it, John always admired how Sherlock didn’t give a damn about social convention.  People theorized about autism or psychopathy or him just being an arrogant dick,  but John knew better.  The man valued the truth above all else, and simply refused to allow something as mundane as some social construct to cloud his thinking or moderate his behavior.   Where John was mired in the
Sherlock was silent for a long time. The wind picked up a bit, tousled his hair into a frizzy mess. John didn’t think he was going to answer, and prepared to walk back his question when Sherlock spoke, his voice low and flat.
“Still past tense,” Sherlock stated. He knew the answer, he didn’t need to ask.
“The day we met,” John said.
, giggling as Sherlock read the fortunes in his best
Sherlock reached out and took it, noting how his own large hand engulfed the man -
me, John. You were in love with me. Have been for years. You just never managed to admit it to yourself.”
“You know what? No! No, Sherlock, we need to finish this. Clean slate, remember? So no more secrets, no more lies. Tell me.” John took a deep breath, held it, and released a few times to calm his heart rate back down. Once his breathing was back to normal, Sherlock raked his hands through his hair and continued.
and a
John could hear Sherlock scoff in his head now, and he’d have every right to.
Maybe he’d have to wait a bit longer, though.
Of course it's to be continued....the end goal is Johnlock, after all!
John sucked in huge gulps of air, already winded from running up the stairs and across the roof, his shouting warring with his need to catch his breath. His face was mere inches from Sherlocks, and his fingers clawed into his chest as he shook Sherlock by his lapels. He was certain John had actually popped a button or two when he gripped his shirt, but that was inconsequential at the moment.
Sherlock would wake up to the sound of John battling his mucous membranes every day for the rest of his life, if it meant he could keep him just a little bit longer.
John was still a soldier at heart.  He would not abandon his post.  He would not abandon Sherlock.  Not again.
The man didn’t see Sherlock leaning against the wall in the shadows, and nearly jumped out of his skin when Sherlock spoke.
“I know, John.”
!” John yelled. His eyes flashed with anger and pain.
“No, Sherlock, you’re wrong-”
of the machine forcing air into the lungs of his best friend.
“Yeah?  What’s different about it?”
“Lead the way,”  he said, inclining his head to the end of the alley to the street beyond.
John was no idiot. He knew what Sherlock was alluding to. John had seen examples of it in Afghanistan. He suddenly understood why Sherlock flinched at sudden movements and loud noise, why he always positioned himself near the exits, why he wore the Belstaff even when the weather was warm. Sherlock had been
That’s all he allowed Sherlock to be, wasn’t it?  Just friends.
Seated upon his bed, John opened the box to gaze on the tie-pin, the diamond long since removed.  For a time, that diamond rested upon Mary’s finger, John having removed it and had it custom set for her engagement ring.  He liked the sentiment of it, that a piece of his life
“It’s only transport, John, nothing serious-”
John set the empty tie pin carefully back in its box and returned it to its place next to Mary’s rings and John’s medals, before placing the box back on the shelf in the closet.  He would have time to sort through the rest of Mary’s things later.  Right now, he had a phone call to make.
He leaned forward in his chair, bringing his hand up to Sherlock’s cheek.  He hesitated for a moment before gently stroking the flat of his knuckles along Sherlock’s temple down to his ridiculous cheekbone and back again, and leaned in close to Sherlock’s ear.
Every morning, sometimes mere minutes after Sherlock had finally fallen asleep, he would startle awake to witness what had to be a record-breaking marathon in nose-blowing. The first time it happened, Sherlock dreamt that a mad elephant had somehow broken into Baker Street and was in the process of murdering John with a duck playing a trumpet, and had fallen out of bed in his haste to witness the spectacle for himself. He burst into the loo ready to rescue his flatmate - certainly not to witness how a duck could be used as a murder weapon by a two-ton mammal without any hands - only to find John by himself and staring back at Sherlock through the mirror, red eyes wide with surprise at his abrupt entry.
He pulled his stolen anorak more tightly around his chest, burrowing his head deeper into its hood, causing greasy, lank curls to fall into his eyes.  He wondered briefly if he should conduct an experiment in the heat retention properties of dirt and grime before dismissing the idea as having little merit when shivering in the forgotten back alleys of London.
“It’s not only transport, Sherlock,
“John, we knew there was a significant danger to you, that Moriarty would use my friendship with you against me. He did say he’d burn my heart out.” Sherlock huffed a wet chuckle. “I thought he meant my reputation, my career. That’s why I thought I could beat him. If he didn’t know where my weaknesses were, how could he use them against me? I gambled, and I lost.
He knew what he was
(See the end of the chapter for
The commotion grew louder and more agitated, piquing Sherlock’s curiosity.  If it was one of Mycroft’s men, he’d have to run.  He leaned his head forward between the boxes and detritus, observing and deducing as always.
soldier, then.
, John,” Sherlock squeezed John’s hands, letting John feel the solidity of him.  “I’m here, and Moriarty is
The men lapsed into another silence as the server arrived with their food.  Sherlock had ordered; how he knew John would want egg and tomato stir-fry, he’d never know.
Judging by the way John’s tongue darted out and wetted his bottom lip like a caress, he felt the same way.
Why have cereal when we can have some hurt and comfort instead?
“You knew,” John asked, though it was more like a statement.
.  John hit him, because if he didn’t, he'd kiss him instead, and he just couldn’t allow himself to feel things like that again.
All I can say is February may be for Johnlock, but so is March, and April, and all the other months of the year.  It's my excuse for posting late, and I'm running with it.
Maybe he did.
.  It wasn’t the biggest or flashiest diamond, but it meant more to him than a whole mine full of diamonds ever would.
He never did tell Mary where the diamond had come from.  He can’t say he knew his wife well enough to judge whether she would have appreciated the sentiment or not, and Sherlock’s return meant the gesture had lost some of its poignancy, anyway.
“How?” Sherlock asked, his voice low and defeated. “You would never have known. But I still had incentive, you see? Even if I died, I didn’t die on that day, and you, Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade would still be at risk. I couldn’t stop. I had to keep going, to finish this.”
The Sherlock seated before him now was a different man.  He still cut an imposing figure in his Belstaff and tailored suit, but instead of claiming a seat by the window, Sherlock chose a table in the back, near the rear exit, and positioned himself with a clear line of sight to all exits and windows.  His eyes flicked from one to another before settling on the faces of those near him and flitting back again.  Not restless, but wary.
, Sherlock was free to express himself as he wished, and John burned with the jealousy of it.  He could never allow a slip of his own control like that, so instead he imagined himself as a buffer between Sherlock’s abrasiveness and the confusing and conflicting world full of decorum and
John knew not to expect any Hollywood endings, that Sherlock’s eyes wouldn’t flutter open at his words, no matter how heartfelt.  But he waited anyway, because if any human could grant John one more miracle, Sherlock proved it would be him.
His choices did this, he knew.  His choices as good as put Sherlock there, in that bed.  It was no different than if John had pulled the trigger himself.
“So, you’re gathering information, or hiding in plain sight?”  John asked, his eyes alight with mirth and curiosity.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock considered the Wednesday he slipped promethazine into John’s tea as a failed experiment that didn’t bear repeating. The man didn’t even wake up until Thursday midmorning.
Greg and Sherlock have a chat, and Sherlock does NOT dive into the Thames.
In the end, alone was all he had.  Alone protected him.
He was dangerous.
That was the crux of it.  Sherlock came home, and Moriarty is buried in some unmarked grave, his network of criminals nothing but a memory.  But for how long?  How long until another master criminal comes along to capture Sherlock’s attention, use those he loves to burn him, drives him away again?
After all John had done, what words would Sherlock have for him now?
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
. Maybe they never did. Maybe that was just John. However they saw him before, now they saw him as too fragile to handle being abandoned by his best friend.
Not that John would be around to remind Sherlock whether something was good or not.
“I made the wrong choice,” he whispered, nearly choking on the lump that had formed in his throat.  “You said I chose her, but I don’t. Choose her. I really don’t.”  John shook his head for emphasis and fought to keep his breathing even, the tendons in his neck visible under the strain.   “Come back, Sherlock. Wake up for me, and I’ll make the choice I should have made from the beginning.”
Thanks go to Ariane DeVere, whose transcripts were instrumental in saving me from rewatching the episodes, and getting sidetracked (again) into a Sherlock marathon instead of writing like I should be doing.
Sherlock leaned back against the door once again, his head hitting the wood with a dull thud.
It has taken nearly three years, actually, and the presence of the man himself, before John could walk to this side of Baker Street again.
“How is that?”  He nodded toward the tea in Sherlock’s hand.  He set the cup down and wrapped his hands around the surface, still staring into the cup as if he were reading the leaves.
Sherlock snorted and tossed his head, clearing his fringe from his eyes.
The man turned towards him, eyes wide in surprise and hands up in defense.  Despite being caught off-guard, his jaw was still set, and his shoulders square.  He was startled, but not afraid.
John sighed.  “I’m sorry, Sherlock.  Okay?  I know we talked about all this, but I can’t just get over it”  John snapped his fingers “not just like that.  You were
“One day at a time,”  he said, finally, his thumb stroking John’s wrist.  “He thought that those I love made me weak, which he exposed and used against me.  But ultimately you were a source of strength.  I couldn’t stop, couldn’t allow myself to fail.  I had to finish my work and come home.  Even if you hated me for it, you would be alive and that would be worth it.”
Instead of the derision he expected, the man huffed a laugh and shook his head.
“What?” Sherlock asked, confusion on his face as his reverie had broken and he lurched back to the present.
“Where will you go?” Sherlock asked, his voice carefully blank.
He stared down at the velvet box in his hands, a slight smile tugging at his lips as he remembered the look on Sherlock’s face when the client made a show of presenting the box to him, cameras flashing and reporters murmuring about the Reichenbach Hero.
He was sick of it all - the apologetic looks his friends gave him when they would show up in John’s stead, the feeble attempts at distraction when they would play board games as if they were imparting some grand favor, the endless platitudes and coddling. He knew that he was diminished in their eyes. They didn’t see the man who took down Moriarty’s global network, who was
Maybe it’s a bit not good to watch a man sleep for hours.  But John’s doing it now, and can’t force himself to do anything else.
It’s partly why he was on the roof today. It was the 29th of January, the anniversary of when he and John met. Sherlock never intended to allow sentiment to rule his head, but he could not refute the evidence that he had worn his heart on his sleeve for years. It shouldn’t have been surprising at all that Moriarty had seen it. Hell, most likely everyone had seen it, and would have recognized it for what it was if they only
“I didn’t realize the danger you were in until it was nearly too late.” Sherlock huffed another humorless laugh. “I thought I had beaten Moriarty, after he revealed the snipers and their targets, and that there was a code we could force him to use to call them off. But he was too unstable, too focused on procuring my own demise, and there was no scenario to account for the depths of his determination to resolve our 'final problem'.”
What does one do when the power has been out for hours, there's no cell service, and it's in the single digits outside?  It isn't writing fanfiction, I'll tell ya that.  I hope all of you are warm and safe and dry!
“It’s not even you I’m pissed at, not really.  You were a victim, too.  More than we were, I think.  You just did a thorough job making sure there was no one left to yell at.  It isn’t fair, and I’ll try to do better.”
“No, Sherlock, no more hiding. How soon after did you come home?”
“A bit of both.”  Sherlock took another drink from the whiskey bottle.  He felt a burning low in his belly that wasn’t due to the alcohol when his lips touched the same place on the bottle that John’s lips had touched.  It was an unexpected intimacy that Sherlock was surprised to find he craved instead of a hit.
“I helped an acquaintance of mine avoid a murder charge by proving that he was in another part of town housebreaking at the time of the murder.  He’s seen to it to provide a free meal when I show up in some misplaced sense of gratitude, and on bad weather nights, a room to sleep in.”
“That’s not what people normally say,”  he said slowly, as if testing the words out as he spoke them.
He wore it once, at Sherlock’s funeral.  He thought Sherlock would appreciate the gesture, somehow, before shutting it back in its velvet box and storing it with his medals and dog tags.  The next time he allowed himself to look at it, it was as a bridge between his past life with Sherlock and his new one with Mary.   With Mary gone and Sherlock written out of his life, what was it to be now?
Although he’d never admit as much out loud, Sherlock considered this battle with John’s allergies as one of his rare losses. There was simply nothing to be done for it, and, he supposed, if John could tolerate thumbs in the crisper and eyeballs in the microwave, then he could tolerate John’s adenoid clangor. It became comforting, in a way. Sherlock bearing witness to John’s vigorous nose-blowing meant that they were home, far away from snipers and semtex vests and psychotic consulting criminals with a penchant for darkened swimming pools.
Sherlock grasped John’s hand in his.  They were warm from holding the tea.  His food still remained untouched.  As thin as the man still was, John wanted to feed him back up.
.  What a funny word.
He knew what it used to be.  It was Sherlock demonstrating his appreciation for John, a genuine gesture of gratitude and friendship that John missed, having realized what Sherlock was saying only after he was gone.
Sherlock supposed that playing the violin at all hours or occasional bouts of silence weren’t quite the worst of his habits, but one could hardly blame him for being circumspect in his shortcomings. He’d been prepared to dismiss John as another dull friend of … Mark’s? Mitchell’s?
“So,”  John began, breaking the silence between the two men.  “I’m glad this place is still here.  Everything has changed so much since you were gone…”
, and...and, and things can’t just
- smaller one.  He hesitated for a moment, debating what name to give John, but for some inexplicable reason, opted for the truth.
Sherlock Holmes is many things, but weak is not one of them, and he’s tired of being handled.
His eyes filled with tears, and he let them fall. He needed Sherlock to see them. He didn’t have any words to say, but maybe his tears could say what he couldn’t. Maybe Sherlock would see them and understand.
, Sherlock thought.
“They were not as cruel as they could have been,” Sherlock mused, “though they certainly were inventive. It seems their focus was on causing pain and humiliation rather than a more permanent arrangement.”
John stood for a moment to stretch his legs, joints popping as he moved.  He looked over to Sherlock again, willing him to leap up off the bed with a smug grin, laughing at John for how easily fooled he was by the act.  He’d even take the fucking French accent and drawn-on mustache if Sherlock would just
“How soon then?” John asked instead.
, John thought.
Sherlock smiled at John, a warm thing that reminded John of happier, more carefree times.  “Your hand didn’t twitch, I disarmed you.  And he wouldn’t have realized it was us if you weren’t giggling like a teenage girl.”
And apparently contagious, as before Sherlock knew it, he was on his feet, ready to smash the bottle and use it as a makeshift weapon.  It wasn’t ideal, but the jagged edges of the bottle could be just as deadly as a knife.  It was a lesson that served Sherlock well in the past.
“I don’t hate you.  God, I’m
movie and you were telling me how unrealistic fighting with a light sabre was.  Anyway, my hand twitched, and my chopstick went sailing-”
“You didn’t want to know how or why I did it. You just wanted to know why I left you to grieve.”
is what he wanted.  He’d wanted it all along, but thought it was something he could never have.
And John had repaid that love with violence. He’d thrown his traumatized friend to the floor, he’d promised his dying friend that if he spoke again - saving John’s marriage! - that he would not need morphine. He beat him half to death and practically handed him gift-wrapped to a serial killer because he’d lost faith in him. John spent two years silently begging Sherlock not to be dead, and nearly as long treating Sherlock like he’d wished he were. For the first time, John could see past his own hurt, and see Sherlock’s.
“Which was it, Afghanistan or Iraq?”  Sherlock asked again, impatience warring with amusement in his voice.
“It always comes back to Bart’s, doesn’t it?” John asked. “It’s where we met," he waved his hand around.  "Where all this began."
“No regrets,” Sherlock repeated, the lie sitting on his tongue like so much ash. Sherlock was silent a moment more, before taking a deep breath through his nose, and opening the door to his Mind Palace to the room of Things That Hurt to Remember.
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock looked away, trying to deflect the question. “It doesn’t matter anymore.”
“Do you remember when we fought with these?”  His eyes lit with mirth at the memory.  “We were sword fighting, it was just after that we watched that
did you think you were doing?”
Except think.
It's a crap summary, but read the chapter anyway, please!
Also, the thing with the chopsticks really did happen.  I think the poor man who took the chopstick to the back of the head really knew who was responsible, but was gracious enough to let two giggling idiots finish lunch in peace, as long as no other chopsticks took flight.   If you happen to be reading, Mr. Chopstick-man, please accept my assurances that any instances of flying chopsticks in the future will have nothing to do with me.
Sherlock was familiar with Angry John, though he enjoyed it more when John’s wrath was aimed at a criminal suspect rather than him. It was all he had seen of the man since Mary died, except when he held him in his arms as he broke down after confessing his infidelity to Mary. Sherlock was convinced it was all he would ever see. John had been avoiding his shift in the rota of minders organized to keep him off the sweeties, so to speak. Sherlock despised being handled like a dim-witted child, but he convinced himself to endure the indignity if he could spend time with John. But John routinely switched his shift, avoiding Sherlock altogether, and it didn’t take a consulting detective to deduce that the friendship John and Sherlock had shared was well and truly over.
“Did you really not know? Thought you’d have figured it out by now.”
“After my death, my status had to be reactivated. And they used me for other work while we waited for the right opportunity to take on another facet of Moriarty’s organization. The work was...messy.” Sherlock swallowed, the memories no doubt unpleasant. “I provided evidence to law enforcement to handle the arrests whenever I could, but usually, the right people - some entire governments, sometimes - were blackmailed or bought off. Prosecution would have been ineffective. I was left to handle things on my own. I had to ensure nothing could be traced back to me.”
“Not everybody can be a bloody genius like Sherlock Holmes!” John snapped, his breathing quickening.
No one wants to read chapter notes, they just want the story, so I'll only take a minute (well, give or take).  Thank you - a million thank-yous - for reading, commenting, and kudos-ing.  Hitting that "post" button is one of the scariest things I've ever done, even after I've hit it like a dozen times now, and you have been absolutely wonderful.   You make me want to improve and keep posting even though I've dragged myself so far out of my comfort zone, y'all might need to use search and rescue dogs to find me.
(See the end of the chapter for
A few hours past the deadline, but not too bad, considering my previous additions.
Loudly.
“Okay. My turn.” He took a deep breath. “I thought I loved Mary. I did. I do. She’s the mother of my child, and I will never, ever stop being grateful for Rosie, every day of my life. But …” John swallowed. Sherlock watched his Adam’s apple bob as he swallowed, unable to look into John’s eyes without revealing more than he had already. “But I loved you first, Sherlock. And Mary couldn’t handle it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t know.  I never got around to eating any of it.”
he wondered, as
Sensing the end of his own sanity was drawing near, Sherlock tried in vain to convince John to take some pills or a shot of something. Anything, really. But doctors truly do make the worst patients, and John steadfastly refused, claiming that he didn’t like how antihistamines made him feel, and that he was usually better by lunchtime, anyhow.
), grass stains on his jeans (
Sherlock’s eyes were locked onto his, the silver a thin ring around the dark pupils.
“I wasn’t having fun,” he spat, “ I wasn't playing games. I ran and I ran, under constant threat – I traveled round the globe dismantling his work piece by piece. Mycroft assisted where he could, but...” Sherlock paused, debating on whether to continue.
He could almost hear the Sherlockian voice in his head chuckle in amusement.
“So, we’ve got nothing to lose. Tell me about it.”
“I had hoped that you would remain there, at Baker Street, to protect her from any threats while I was occupied here at Bart's. I never meant for you to watch me jump.” John nodded, his face grim, his jaw set. He knew Sherlock was meeting Moriarty, and how that meeting ended, but he didn’t dare risk interrupting Sherlock, lest the story never be completed.
Sherlock drew himself to his full height as he stared down the stricken doctor. “You were less than receptive to my presence, John,” he rebuked. “My only concern was for your safety. Don’t you see? Moriarty had contingencies for his contingencies, and his network was massive! He wasn’t a spider - he was a hydra! For every sniper I eliminated, another would step up to fulfil the contract. They were standing orders, John! If at any point, I missed one link in the chain, you were at risk. To ensure your safety, you had to be seen to grieve, to convince the world that Sherlock Holmes was dead. I couldn't stop until I had destroyed the entirety of Moriarty's network!
John licked his lips and swallowed, aware of his nervous tells and unable to stop himself.  He didn’t want stilted conversation and awkward silences, but what else was there for two broken men?
He knew it when he spent hours staring at the SIG he wasn’t supposed to have in a city that had no use for someone who could be neither a soldier or a surgeon.  John had sacrificed everything, and had nothing to show for it.  What was the point if only emptiness remained?
“How did you…?” John began. Then he snorted in weak disbelief. “You know what, never mind. Yeah, Molly called me. Told me that she followed you up here.”
“I’d be a rubbish detective if I couldn’t read body language and facial expressions. I saw all the signs in you - elevated pulse, pupils dilating, lingering touches.” Sherlock felt bold, knowing that this conversation would be their last. He would not spare John Watson from his feelings; it’s not like he has anything else left to lose.
“No, I won’t follow you.” Sherlock said, his voice low and nearly carried off by the wind.
, Sherlock had told him once.  He never did tell John just what about the door handle indicated whether the place was good or not.  John assumed Sherlock was just taking the piss.  He meant to ask one day, but then Moriarty happened, and John had missed his chance.
“Of course it would matter!” John whispered fiercely, turning his whole body to face Sherlock. He lifted his hands to clutch him again, but hesitated and set them back on his lap instead.
Sherlock was quiet for a while. He looked up and gazed at the stars just appearing as twilight set in. He sniffled, nose red and dripping from the cold. “It was four days from when Mycroft retrieved me from the compound to when I met you at the restaurant.”
Sherlock held his tea in his hands, blowing gentle ripples into its too-hot surface.
“That,” he began, “was amazing.”
“I loved you from the start John. How can you not see it? “
“Hmm.”  Sherlock sipped gingerly from his tea.  “I spent hours walking around London, updating the maps in my Mind Palace.”
, John mused.
I had intended to wait for Valentine's Day for this one, but I'm impatient, and it's been burning a hole in my brain forever, and apparently I'm crap at telling myself 'no'.
And it didn’t feel awkward at all.
now) and kissing each one in acceptance, in apology, in gratitude that Sherlock had come home at all.  He imagined a fridge full of cadaver parts, experiments in the cupboards, breathless kisses after running either from or with the police….and John knew.
“Better than nothing,” he said, a smile in his voice.  Sherlock imagined he felt warmed by it.
Still, it wouldn’t do to reveal all of Sherlock’s eccentricities at once, so he began with ones more suited to convention. Remarkably considerate on his part, surely.
John, apparently convinced that Sherlock was clairvoyant and wouldn’t mind anyway, failed to disclose that he suffered from an allergy to dust.
He rested his head on Sherlock’s shoulder and set his hand on his wrist, fingers reading the man’s steady pulse.  It was as close to a cuddle as John could get without disturbing the tubes and wires keeping Sherlock alive.  It wasn't ideal, but it would have to do.  He was too tired to readjust, anyway, his eyelids having grown impossibly heavy as the days of sleep deprivation and worry took their toll.
When John left the police standing around the body of a man he had put there for Sherlock Holmes, he tried again to hide himself behind cuddly jumpers and a charming smile, but cerulean eyes laid bare John’s secret, and answered with a madness of their own.
Sherlock Holmes loved John Watson.
* Looks around furtively * Is anyone still here?
Mycroft retrieved him, meaning he couldn’t get out on his own.
shot.
“I always wondered why he didn’t stay at the funeral,” John mused. “I punched him, you know. In the face. I hated him for telling Moriarty all about you. Was all that part of your plan, too?”
He confirmed it when he enlisted and his life became blood and sweat and sand and tears. Wielding a SIG or scalpel, John dared to force Death to bend to his own will, bidding Death to claim its prize from the enemy, yet allowing no quarter when it came to his own men.  Of course, one could outwit death for only so long, so it was no surprise when Death came to claim its due, embracing John as he begged for his life in the blood-drenched sand.
“Wrong? How am I wrong, Doctor?” Sherlock growled, his expression hurt and angry in the twilight. “You did exactly what I had hoped you would do. You moved on, forged a life for yourself. You had a chance to finally be happy, John. All you needed was me out of the way.”
“This doesn’t fix things, Sherlock,” he warned, “but I don’t want to give up on us before we give ourselves a chance.”
was his wife, not the cheeky nurse who baked her own bread and refused to wear her glasses because she thought they made her look old (which they did, to be fair).  Did she even need the damn glasses?  No, not if she could make
!” John panted. “I’m not going to let you jump again! Just what the
“There were three snipers that day, which I trusted Mycroft to find and eliminate. One for you, one for Mrs. Hudson, and one for Lestrade. Their orders were to execute you immediately should I fail to end my own life, complete Moriarty’s story.”
“John, I won’t apologize for doing what needed to be done.  Don’t you think that if there was any way out
to want; he had resigned himself to that life ever since Harry gave convention the forks on her way out the door of their parents’ house.  He wanted to join her, but he had to stay and be the good one, the
Sherlock Holmes was
John hesitated. “New Zealand, maybe. I liked it there when I visited that time, with Sarah. You remember Sarah, the one with the -”
with John Watson, still.
“Of course I did,” John replied, his voice harsh and rough. He shook his head, clinching his hand into a fist at his thigh. “I wondered every damn night, what I could have said or done to save you.” He gave a self-deprecating laugh, mouth twisting in a sneer at himself. “Every day I’d hear you, you know. Calling me an idiot for living an empty life in an empty flat, waiting for the right moment to empty my gun. Shows how big a fool I was.”
, right when John made his choice to forget all about his past life of crime scenes and takeaway and
“I never did get that rematch from you.”
He’s not supposed to be still.  It was eerie to see him just….laying there.  Sherlock was always fidgeting, always
You can always tell a good Chinese by examining the bottom third of the door handle.
one, so he chose to hide himself away and maintain the facade of the good son his parents could brag about to friends over tea.
But that changed when he met Sherlock Holmes.
“No, Sherlock-” John got up onto his knees and crawled in front of Sherlock, hands holding the brunet’s shoulders as cobalt eyes bore into cerulean ones. He took a deep breath. Sherlock had been honest with him, it was time for him to be honest in kind.
about him and his nearly-forgotten limp.
John held the gleaming metal now, watching the light glint off the smooth surface.  He wasn’t sure why he kept it, bereft of its distinguishing feature as it was, but he couldn’t just have it melted down, or sold off as scrap.  It wasn’t just a piece of their shared past, a symbol of simpler times when the scents of takeaway and illicit cigarette smoke mingled in the air with breathless laughter.
“I’m not going anywhere.  And if you ever need to leave again, you’d damn sure better take me with you.”
He sat with his back against the door, panting after his exertion, knees drawn to his chest and arms wrapped around them as though he was holding himself together. His ribs were protesting quite loudly their harsh treatment, but Sherlock paid them little mind. John sat up and scooted next to Sherlock, legs stretched out in front of him. He dusted off his palms, and took several controlling breaths to try to calm his own breathing. It was several minutes before he broke the silence.
.  People tended to be closed-minded and would demand strict adherence to etiquette and decorum and conventionality, none of which Sherlock could be arsed to care one whit about. But John,
His eyes searched for the source of the voice amid the darkness, and Sherlock held out the whiskey bottle in silent offering.
“You don’t get to do this, you stupid, fucking
The two men sat in pensive silence for several minutes, each man wrapped in a cloak of their own dark thoughts. Sherlock imagined that the weight of all their unspoken words sank between them like pavestones, rising like a dividing wedge, leading them to their own appointment in Samarra. He supposed it was inevitable, in a way. Their fate was sealed the moment he caught Moriarty’s attention. He wondered if he should have shot the semtex vest in the pool that night, when he discovered that John was the fifth pip. When he realized he loved him. It wouldn’t have made much difference in the end, losing John then versus losing him now. But John was never Sherlock’s to lose, and he had Rosie now. Contemplating their mutual demise even as a mental exercise was probably a Bit Not Good.
At the time, John had urged him to silence, understanding that was the best he could hope for. Graciously accepting the gift was a pipe dream at best.
An alternate first meeting in the alleys of London.
any more than Sherlock.
Sherlock allowed John to drag him away from the ledge, and slam him against the door John had just burst through, his still-aching ribs protesting the violent treatment. The air left his lungs in a pained grunt as he lifted his arms instinctively to protect his recovering body, still weakened from withdrawal and John’s brutal assault at the morgue, but the doctor was too incandescent in his rage to notice.
“I was young, and foolish, and worked for Mycroft once, being recruited for the SIS when I was sixteen. But the work was tedious, so after I started using cocaine to alleviate the boredom, Mycroft arranged it so that I could leave.”
If bravery was, by far, the kindest term for stupidity, then this soldier found a way to make stupidity look
“But for how long?”  John breathed. “How do you face every day after what happened and just, go on?”
“How do you do it?”  John asked, breaking apart his chopsticks.  “How do you tell a good Chinese from the door handle?”
. He was a doctor, for fuck’s sake! How could he have missed this?
Sherlock, voice hoarse from talking and lips tinted blue from the cold, decided to take the chance he should have taken years ago. John was leaving anyway, what did it matter if Sherlock got it wrong? He placed his hands on John’s face, thumbs wiping away the silent tears, eyes traveling from John’s eyes to his mouth. Sherlock leaned forward, begging to have this, just this once, and pressed his lips to the downturned corner of John’s mouth.
“Yes. You weren’t exactly subtle about it. Why do you think everyone kept mistaking us for a couple?”
It was a long time before John could walk past a Chinese restaurant without the memory of Sherlock Holmes assaulting his senses. Sometimes the breeze would kick up just so, and all of Baker Street would smell of rich sauces and ginger, and suddenly John was
“I wanted to meet you at the funeral,” Sherlock began. He knew that John knew he was there that day, he’d told him as much in the Underground case. He didn’t waste time with the details. “Afterwards, I was going to tell you everything. I just had to wait for everyone to leave. No witnesses. Despite Mycroft’s repeated assertions to the contrary, I was adamant that you know of our ruse as quickly as possible, so that you wouldn’t have to mourn any more than necessary.” Sherlock's eyes looked far away as he murmured “I honestly didn’t realize how strongly my death would affect you. I begged – begged Mycroft – to ease your obvious pain, but he received intelligence that meant my confession would make you a bigger target.”
“I wanted you to see the crime scene first, the only problem is that we have three guys all confessing to her murder.”
“That’s the problem, there’s nothing to do.”
“He’s very observant.”
“Oh yes.” Sherlock said and looked down at his watch. “I figure Lestrade will be here within the hour.”
“No.” I said.
“For what?” He asked.
Just a reminder, I don't own Sherlock (or a majority of the plot that is about to come). BBC and Arthur Patrick Doyle own it. I am simply a humble messenger scraping up the ideas they left on the floor. I hope you enjoy this next one! :)
“Grab a cab and head to Hudson Boulevard. If you’re there before me, wait.” I paused. I could hear muted sirens in the background. “Do I hear sirens?” I asked.
“I never had a best friend.” She said, tears threatening her eyes. “I had no one.” She started singing the song again and some more of the facts clicked together. I ran out the door and back around the side of the house where some graves were. I looked at the dates, the names, forming a code in my mind. A code that gave way to a plea for help. Pushing all the pieces together, I ran back into the house. Up the old, burnt stairs. Past Mycroft's room, past my room, and into Eurus’.
“It doesn’t change much of anything.” She said, she stepped closer. For a second, I thought she was going to reach out and touch my arm. Instead, she stopped and looked at me, not daring to move any closer. “But no matter how much I hate you, I’m glad you’re back.” She said with a sad smile. I stood up a little bit straighter and she walked into the kitchen, pulling out a mug.
“So, normally during the drills we go and grab the emergency bag and sometimes, I’ll just hang out in the closet so I don’t have to go all the way down to the ground floor and come back.” She started. I created the picture in my mind, the closet minus the dead body. “This time, the power was out when the fire alarm turned on, so I went over to the closet to grab the bag. But,” She said, her face turning pale and ghostly. “When the power came back on, I saw the body in there. I shrieked and screamed but by the time we were going to evacuate, the drill was over.” She said. Jane thanked her and moved past me to look at the body.
“There are always strange people on public transportation.” He said,
[I’d rate it at least a 6]
“Nonsense! It’s just started, is there something you don’t like, I’d be glad to help you.” She said. A man who I assumed was her husband came with a glass of champagne and handed it to his wife.
“Sherlock! You lady friend sent the invitation.” I called. I pulled the letter open and unfolded the paper. It was also outlined in gold and was written in the same elegant cursive as the envelope. Sherlock appeared and pulled the letter from my hand, a drop of blood landed on the paper.
“I don’t know if people are usually receptive of your fashion critiques but you should keep your mouth shut.”
“Hello, I’m Doctor Jane Watson. We’re trying to find out exactly what happened earlier this afternoon. Could you tell me what happened?” She asked, using concise words. Ms. Hamil smiled.
“Are you asking me to make myself useful?” He asked. “Because I will not be manipulated this way.” Sherlock turned to me and handed my the rifle. It was heavy and I bounced it a little, gauging weight.
“Well. You royally ruined that interview.” I told him.
“Ms. Hudson is going to kill you if you ruin the floor again.” I told him. He moved out of the room as if he didn’t hear me. I grabbed a towel and mopped it up with my foot, leaving the towel on the ground. I drank my tea and found Sherlock standing in front of the Telly. He turned to me and smiled.
“I can’t believe people actually live in those houses.” I said. “I can’t believe that they can afford them.” Sherlock didn’t comment. As we continued the houses got larger and the estates more extravagant. Finally, at the end of the road, laid a large house. It was covered in soft lights and a line of cars was pulling up in front of the doors. Ladies and gentlemen were getting out of the cars and going up the stairs and into what was the largest house I’d ever seen.
When  got back to the flat I dumped my bag into a heap on the floor and took my hair out of the pony tail that felt like it was pulling my brain out. I sighed and flopped into the chair. I heard a bang and groaned. Sherlock came out of the kitchen his face covered in what looked like soot. I rubbed my face. Sherlock gave me a maniac smile,
“Fear of the dark.” Jane said. Halle pointed to the outlet closest to her. A night-light was plugged into the wall but the bulb was smashed. I turned to look around the room again. Everything in the room was designed to be light. Thin blinds, Television, several night-lights. But the curtains. Thick grey curtains had been pulled up around the windows. No one with a fear of the dark would have heavy curtains. I walked over to the fabric and rubbed it in between my fingers. New material, non-expensive. Halle guided Jane out of the room and I could hear what she was saying as she walked down the stairs.
“Fine.”
“Of course, and Mycroft is always super observant of these things and never petty.” I got a smirk out of Sherlock and he opened the door. This time he actually held it open and I slid onto the seat. I smiled and pushed down the flush rising in my cheeks. I handed the invitation to the driver and started on our way. “So what’s the plan?” I asked.
“Yes! Yes I can! Now get out of my bloody flat Mycroft!” I yelled. Mycroft slunk towards the door and slipped it through. I put my coat on the rack, and threw my shoes into a small cubby. I’d become a lot more organized now that I didn’t share a flat. Everything had a place and nothing even left. A brown package sat on the small table. I threw it away, not bothering to unwrap the brown paper. I was done with them. I opened my phone and blocked Mycroft's number. I threw my phone onto the counter and skipped dinner. I tended to make food, but now, I practically longed for a microwave meal. I went into the small room and changed into different clothes, setting the dirty ones into a sack in the closet. I laid down on the bed, somewhat glad that the next day wasn’t a week day.
“I already confessed!!” He said. “I did it! Ms. Winthrop inherited a large amount of money and I wanted some if it. She refused to pay me since I was helping her on the side! So I killed her!” His outburst caused the others to glare at him, the other man then pointing out that he didn’t kill them, they did. Lestrade threw his hands in the air.
“Yes.” He said, nodding his head. “Are you two together?” He asked, flicking a finger at the space between Sherlock and I.
“Don’t lie to my face. Admit it. You killed Jenny Harrow in cold blood.”
“Of course you were bored. Did you even bother to solve the three way murder?” I asked, mentally jogging that down as a potential title.
Saturday and Sunday rolled by without a hitch, helping Sherlock with cases when I didn’t have to run to work. I’d missed a shift due to a case and boss was not happy. I was almost scared of having to choose between Sherlock and a career. I loved cases, there was nothing better than being with Sherlock on an adventure. But, we also need money. Mycroft wasn’t wrong when he said that I missed the war. The familiarity of everything, the having a real purpose, knowing what was happening and finding control. Real life afterwards had proved to be dull, plus the injury made me feel like the goldfish Sherlock thinks everyone is. Late Sunday afternoon the doorbell rang. I stood from my chair and walked to the door. A man in a crisp black suit was standing at the door. He looked down at a card in his hand and back at me.
“Tell him she’s fine. Under no circumstances are you to tell him what happened.” Mycroft said, turning back to the screen.
“We’ve got it from here.” He said, nodding. I headed back to the elevator with Jane at my heels. A case that might have taken me much longer took Jane only a few seconds. Sometimes inferior thinking made things simple. Jane hesitated for a second,
“Your writing style is very peculiar.” He noted when reading part of it over.
“Tell me. Since when did you care about privacy?” I said.
“What?”
“Kennedy Morgenstern is dead.” He told me.
“Fantastic!” Dawson exclaimed, coming completely into the room and shutting the door behind him. He walked over to the board and looked at the pictures Jane had posted. He tapped one of them and broke the carefully built silence of the room. “I don’t know why you’re looking at this one, I already closed it.” He said proudly, puffing his chest. He unwound the string from the board and took out one of the pins. “It was a suicide. It was actually quite obvious actually.” He glanced in my direction and I glared at him until he fell quiet. I went back into my mind palace. Several times when I went into my mind palace, other people would be there. Giving me ideas and points, talking to me when I was away. I’d become used to a small, rational voice in my head.
“We were married for five years,” He began “Then, she kept creeping around. Didn’t want to leave the room.” He paused for a second. “She didn’t do anything. I went to work. I made money even though with her cash I shouldn’t have had to. What a pig. The ideal example of slothful.” He spat. Sherlock looked him over.
“No.” I answered. I began to walk down the street and Dawson yelled so I could hear him.
“Coming?” I asked. She looked back at me and gave me a strained smile. “I’d be lost without my blogger.”
Sherlock said nothing.
“I’ll let you two say your goodbyes.” He said, “It’s quite unfortunate when you have to put down your pet.” Sherlock gave him an incredulous look. “You’re not actually thinking about it are you? The rest of this takes brains and cleverness. She’s always been another one of your distractions, another person for you to show off to and awe. You can get another one.” I opened my mouth to protest, but standing in the room with two of the most brilliant people in the world, I realized that this whole time I’d been scraping along, glimpsing the brilliance of a higher intelligence that I was incapable of achieving. I looked at Sherlock, the honesty of Mycroft's words punching small holes in my brave countenance. I always thought that I was going to die in the war, I hadn’t feared it. You couldn’t escape death forever, but standing here, it seemed like a pitiful way to die.
“That’s because they’re not connected.” Dawson said. “I don’t get why you’re looking at these, I already closed them.”
“And what did you do with him until they got there?” I asked.
“No visible wounds.” She said, gingerly lifting the corpses arm. “He’s been dead for a while.” She sniffed the air and stood up. “I’d guess some kind of scandal. The body smells like preserving chemicals from the morgue, so there really wasn’t a murder.” She looked at me and small pieces began to click together. It would have been the perfect opportunity for someone to set up to get someone fired, finding the body on this floor would make it so that everyone working in this part of the building would be a suspect. If evidence turned to one individual, they would eliminated from the equation. Normally, the closet wouldn’t be opened, or if it was it would be by Ms. Hamil. Since the power went out, it would be the perfect opportunity for someone to sneak in the dark, though accidentally turning on the fire alarm would make the authorities come. With the authorities here and the whole floor stuck in one place, there wouldn’t be time to plant the evidence in one of their desks. That meant that somewhere in the office, someone would have fake, incriminating evidence sitting in their desk. Since the whole office except for this floor had been dismissed, they would have enough time to go back and remove the evidence from their own office. Hoping that the cops didn’t figure any connections, they’d be able to come back and remove it without a word. I clapped my hands.
“Jenny?” He asked. He would have run his hand through his hair if his hands hadn’t been cuffed. “What about Jenny?” He asked.
“And an ambulance.” Sherlock added, we smiled at each other and took off down the path while I followed at his heels.
“Yeah, I wasn’t supposed to go in today but they’re having a surgery and I have to be there.” She smirked in a similar manner to Sherlock.
[I already have. Come on Jane, please. Just one little case.]
“Amanda Murphy. Me and my husband have been married for three years, but lately his job was keeping him late. I didn’t like that much and complained to him, but he wrote it off. Soon, he wasn’t coming home until really late at night.” Her eyes began to tear up and I refrained from rolling my eyes.
“No!” I yelled, running a hand through my hair, another flinch. Another name. “She was innocent!” I turned, unable to look at either body and not sure if I would be able to stomach it.
“It always been Sherlock and Dr. Watson.” He stated. “Her gift. I let Eurus and Moriarty talk for five minutes. Unsupervised. Don’t shoot me in the head, I promised my brain to science.”
“What were you waiting for? It was fairly obvious what his intentions were.” He said.
“I didn’t say you got to see this.” He said, dropping it on the desk. A small T.V was propped up on a small table in the corner. Mycroft gestured to the two chairs and I sat down, once again feeling too comfortable. Mycroft gestured to Lestrade. “Why don’t you start?” He said. Lestrade shook his head.
“Yes, but I would be lost without my housekeeper.” He smirked. I glared at him before smiling. I posted the blog online and close the laptop. I was satisfied to see that Sherlock had actually eaten something, though he spread the leftovers around. I put the plate in the sink and made my way up the stairs to my room, skipping over the creaking one. I crawled back into bed and thought about what Sherlock had said. Narrating like a ghost. The room got colder and I pulled the blanket more closely around me. Ghosts. The next case I would assert myself. The next case I would be a little bit more that a housekeeper, but a companion. With those thoughts, I drifted off to sleep.
Later that day we pulled over a taxi and gave him the address for a cafe a few miles from our flat. He was insistent that we didn’t meet at his home, or really anywhere near it.  He chose an obscure cafe on the other side, though for what purpose, we weren’t sure besides the fact it let us know that something was definitely off. When we pulled up to the cafe, I handed some coins to the driver and headed inside. Though the weather outside was cold, the building did little to heat us up. I decided against ordering anything, the bar section of the cafe was covered with grime. A man stood up and greeted us from a nearby booth,
John pressed his face against the cleft of Sherlock’s arse, mouthing and kissing the warm roundness, then dipping his tongue into the crease.  He felt the muscles in Sherlock’s body tense and twitch, he could feel the subtle increase in breathing and best of all he felt the hardening of the cock in his hand.
John spent time just gently massaging the currently shamming detective’s lovely rear.  His hands slowly    moved up to his hips, thumbs rubbing circles over the bones beneath.  John listened as Sherlock continued speaking about ancient erotic art and making increasingly lewd innuendoes about how said art could be used today.  Sherlock had a truly filthy mind when he set to it.  John admired that about him quite a bit.  Not at the moment however.  At this moment he felt compelled to remind Sherlock of just who should be the sole beneficiary of that lewd mind, case or no case.
“Yes, fine, you prat!”  John poked at the pile of pantomime hell hide.   “A centaur’s arse,   whatever, just please tell me why I have to be the one to fill it?”
They arrived fashionably late by cab to the large Dioskuri manor, the dark drive was lined with cabs and people in costumes making their way toward the lighted doorways.
Suddenly John felt Sherlock go rigid and heard him utter the familiar sound of Sherlock having an epiphany, a soft ‘ahhh’ sound.  This coincidentally was also the familiar sound of Sherlock having an orgasm.  John felt Sherlock’s cock pulse hot semen over his fist and painting the inside material of the centaur leggings.   John marveled at the synchronicity of mind and body as Sherlock solved the case and achieved orgasm simultaneously.  It was just too fucking much and John shoved his hand down his own pants and was coming after three good strokes.  He stifled his groan with a mouthful of Sherlock’s arse cheek.
John scrubbed a hand over his face and headed for their bedroom dragging the costume dejectedly behind him.
John snorted a chuckle and briefly tried to imagine what erotic equine bronze art work would entail. “Do you think they have sold them yet?”
The realization that Sherlock was beginning to wrap up this interview registered with John and he began to pick up his pace as well.  He could feel the vibration of Sherlock’s voice as it increased in volume and speed, he began moving his fist faster and more firmly on Sherlock’s cock as he licked and tongued his hole with greater fervor.
Years passed, one fading gray yet warm into the next, sunlight muted on the beach, and Sherlock realized, in retrospect, that Jackie had grown... that he'd become
“So we are going as a centaur.” John hoped stating out loud might help make it less absurd.
Sherlock snorted, “Yes more than I bargained for really and yes solved it, hardly a challenge.” John watched Sherlock produce his phone and tap out a long text and press send.
Sherlock roared his grief to the sky.  He hissed it to the waves, he stomped it into the cold wet sand.  On his two rear legs he roamed his shoreline, holding John’s cooling body tightly to his chest.  His anger knew no bounds.  His sorrow was fathomless.  His pain was infinite.
Finally after what felt to John like a very long stroll around an enormously large room, Sherlock stopped and signaled him to back up.  John felt the edge of a chair bump against the back of his knees.  With a sigh of relief he sat and was able to straighten his spine with a few audible cracks.  The new position brought relief to his back and also brought his face almost level with Sherlock’s arse.  His very lovely plush arse.
Their departure approaching quickly, john deftly did up Sherlock’s trousers, the mess in the costume and in John’s pants would have to be dealt with later at home. Nothing to be done about that.
“Ok John, keep quiet, keep your ears open and your head down.”
“No.  My theory is that they have been using the antiquities as part of a private collection, as show pieces.  I believe that they are trying to build their reputation and enhance their family mythos, demonstrating their skill set. Advertising.  They want to be seen as people who are capable of getting what they want.  This ball is intended to be a coming out party of sorts.  I believe that the objects are either in the manor or in a location very close by. The collection may be on display to the right people.   I need to be sure where they are before the authorities can move in.  They could disappear quickly and for good if we get it wrong.”
“You are hurt,” he said.  Not,
John had a feeling that serious peril was probably unlikely and that Sherlock was blatantly playing the old (and always effective) ‘John , my safety, no, my very life, could depend on you’ card. ‘  Damn it!    John closed his eyes, and exhaled a frustrated breath, “Fine, but do not think. For one single moment.  That I am not aware of what a manipulative bastard you are.”
None did.
“Look, Jackie,” he instructed, “you can recognize the ship by it's outline.... three masts in this region can only indicate a French
Sherlock smiled innocently and planted a quick kiss on John’s forehead “Of course not John.”
There was a quaver of ivory feathers.  A shower of shimmering stars, golden sparkles arching from the sky, falling from the roof of the cavern, singing hope and life and beauty as they danced to the floor, to the body of John.... of Sherlock’s Jackie.  Sherlock held his breath, and ignored the hot tears that dripped down his snout and mixed with the joyous light spanning the wings of his brother.
Jackie crept down the beach to be with Sherlock whenever he could.  His family was filled with strife, and as he grew older, his escapes weren’t as frequent.  But the meaning when they met was all the greater for that… and Jackie was so grateful for the stable, grouchy presence of his friend.
He could hear Sherlock politely yet firmly dismissing the brothers with a story about a sudden family emergency, assuring them that he would see them again and making promises to, in the near future, get together for some horseplay.  The brothers protested but allowed Sherlock to make his exit with John in tow.  They did after all have many guests to impress and the night was young.
“Alright John?”
Sherlock sounded cool and collected and John was sure that to all outside observers, Sherlock appeared the epitome of calm.   John, however, knew that Sherlock’s body would be starting to show signs pf his covert arousal.   John imagined the flush of pink that was probably starting to creep across Sherlock’s chest about now,  he imagined the beginnings of sweat beading at his hairline  he imagined Sherlock’s grey eyes becoming darker,  the lids lowering slightly, beautiful.
“Moving on.” Sherlock clapped his hands together and resumed his pacing. ”The members of the Dioskuri family are romantics and have always fancied themselves descendants of the mythological brothers Castor and Pollux.  Fabled heroes of questionable moral fiber traditionally revered as patrons of the arts and lovers of horses.  The Dioskuri brothers have apparently been endeavoring to rebuild a reputation of culture and power for themselves as well as cultivating new underworld connections and projects.”
under his green scales.
It was Mycroft, drifting light as clouds into the cave,  settling gently as a thought next to the chilled body of the overwhelmed soldier.  Sherlock glared from his depths;  glared and snarled and hoped.  He hoped with such anguish that it felt like death itself.  Mycroft looked at him and smiled, a small soft thing filled with sympathy and love.  “Caring is not an advantage,” he hummed to his scaly companion, “most of the time, brother mine, my dear brother, my only kin.  Caring is pain.  Caring is danger.  Caring is growth.”
“Kill joy.”  The hind quarters grumbled back.
John grinned at the gorgeous mess beside him, arousal spiking even as he squirmed in the uncomfortable cooled wetness in his own pants.  “How about a post case kiss?” he purred making an exaggerated pucker and moving toward Sherlock.
Mycroft left.  Sherlock didn't know when or how.  It didn't matter.
“Mary,” he growled, a civil greeting coming from Sherlock.  And Jackie glowed like the dawn of a new era, and Mary simpered.....
At last John came to rest alongside a cave by the ocean.  He was tired, so tired.  His dark blue eyes were half-closed as they stared over the waves.  He was not sure why he was there.  The chill of fever wracked his body, and he felt so weak, so weary.  So
Jackie’s visits became scarcer and brief.  They no longer sailed the seas, or played silly games.  He had a job now, and a …
John headed slowly for the sea.
“Oh John, so vulgar,” Sherlock tutted lightly as he examined the thing that John now referred to as ‘the abomination’, “also quite inaccurate.  This, John, is a centaur costume, not a horse costume. So, to be precise, you should liken me to a centaur’s arse, and, Oh, pardon, I believe that you will be the one actually filling that role this evening. “Sherlock smiled brightly and smugly as he draped the bulky material of the costume over the back of John’s chair.
“Look, Sherlock,” he sang, so happy he could have lit suns.  “Look, come meet her.  It's my girl!  Her name is Mary.”
“You will pay for this.”  John picked up his half of the costume, frowning at it in distaste.
But he walked.  And as he walked, he whistled.   An old tune came unbidden to his lips.
Then one day, when Jackie was newly a man, he brought someone else to Sherlock’s cave.
“Sherlock I can tell you right now that this bent over position is going to wreak havoc with my back in short order.”
And Sherlock answered, “My name is Sherlock.”
, do you recognize the uniform of the men on deck?  They have come recently from a skirmish with Barbary Pirates, which they clearly lost, as you can see from the pattern of damage wrought to the lower left quarterdeck....”
Down the stairs, along the dunes, picking his way through tumbles of dried seaweed, unwillingly enjoying the smell of rescinded salt and life.  John wandered down the beach, thinking of childhood dreams of long ago.  His pace was slow and painful, the burn of infected organs within his body complaining, begging him to stop.  But he struggled on.
Jackie Watson snuck down to spend time with Sherlock often after this.  “Jackie is a kind of nickname… short for John…” he tried to explain.
And meanwhile, John fought.  He tried so hard.  With all his valiant heart, he fought.  But one bright day, far from the foggy strand where Sherlock waited, there was the whistle of IED, the terrifying calamity of explosion, the adrenaline of trying to patch together his crew.  When John fell, he thought of life, he thought of love, he thought of all the things that bind humanity together, that make them better,
Again, John wondered at the lengths he was willing to go to for the madman who he was about to be crouching behind all evening.
Sherlock didn't care.
“Yes, yes, excellent! Sherlock waved him off, “Time to get ready now John!  No dawdling!
John’s temper flared momentarily at the indignity.  Almost instantly though his ire cooled as a lovely idea for a bit of revenge for this whole ludicrous evening, took shape.
Sherlock kept a slow steady pace allowing John to keep up easily.  John amused himself for just a moment by exaggeratedly swaying their back end suggestively, imagining that it made for a nice horsey ‘come and get it’ effect.
He wouldn't admit what he was looking for, would he.  He'd had his share of bombs, of screams, of the frantic minutes in which a doctor can determine if someone lives or dies.  Dragons, after all, can hardly be as real as war.
“Ok, the Dioskuri brothers are here, Sherlock whispered, “and they are heading this way.   I will be laying it on thick so be warned.  Keep your ears open and mouth shut.”
“I will steer us to a key spot where I can watch and be seen by the right people and you can sit.   It should be more comfortable and make you even more inconspicuous.”
“Um, no,   I know where your mouth has been.” Sherlock moved back slightly, chin raised and trying his best to look haughty despite the shameful state of his own pants.
And in return, Sherlock took him sailing.  They had no need of a ship.   Sherlock curled young Jackie in the parabola of his raised tail, nestled against cool green scales, and kept his small friend well above the cold rush of water as he swam.
The first thing the boy noticed, when he rounded a jumbled pile of boulders and bumped into the dragon, was a shallow cut across Sherlock's chest.
“Dioskuri brothers?” John interrupted Sherlock’s decent into condescension.
John gave that plush arse a retaliatory pinch.
The sea crashed in.  Tides rose.  Tiny creatures lived, fought and died in the pools left behind.  Tides sank, and the fetid stench of rotting sea vegetation remained.  He'd lumber to the opening of his cave, sorrowful, lazy, but most of all, most harmfully, most detrimentally, most
“Oh, Sherlock,” John sighed, and lifted his hand to curl around the cool scales, each curve and indentation familiar to him in spite of the years.  “I’m dying, old friend.”
John moved his hands slowly around to the front of Sherlock’s hips and with practiced movements he had the buttons and flies of Sherlock’s trousers undone.  He was pleased to find that the looseness of the costume allowed for quite a bit of covert below the belt activity and John set to taking advantage of this gleefully.  He slid his hands into the waistband of trousers and pants and smoothly worked them down to the top of Sherlock’s thighs, exposing all of that arse and all of the loveliness located on the other side. He felt Sherlock tense and sway a bit before regaining  control and all the while managing, uninterrupted, to continue the conversation with the creep brothers.
, Sherlock!” he exclaimed.  “Let’s go take them hostage, do!
Sherlock laid him tenderly beside the giant basalt rocks and dove into the waves, crashing into ship after ship, daring any to survive where his friend could not.
“Yes John. Very seductive.” Sherlock whispered over his shoulder, and smirked at the muffled giggle that answered from his arse end.
One of the brothers, hard to tell which from John’s perspective, had asked about the rear of Sherlock’s costume. John felt a hand pat his head through the costume covering it.  John stilled and listened hard for any signal from Sherlock.
Of course Sherlock made this absurdity look hot.  He could make a burlap sack and twine look like sex.  John sighed and looked down at his own portion of the costume.  He was wearing the same material leggings and footwear as Sherlock but it was held up to his chest, high by braces, he felt ridiculous and was damn sure he looked it.
John opened his eyes, and there was enough of a glimmer of golden light to illuminate his irises, to turn the blue of his eyes into verdant vivacity, and his breath sucked into his lungs lustily, painfully, with all due evidence of power and yearning.
, and stare out at the bleak vista of waves.
Sherlock smiled, inside, carefully hiding the physical expression of it.  But something must have shone through the arrangement of his face, because the young boy grinned back at him.  “What is your name?” he asked.
To Sherlock this made no sense.  'Country' had no meaning.  His stretch of shore was the same as it had ever been.  But off John went, tragic and grown up, sturdy and afraid and so.... hopeful... that it made Sherlock's giant heart
Sherlock merely growled.  He had no need of lectures.  Mycroft would.... or he wouldn't.  And pithy sermons served in between meant little to him.
Sherlock huffed fishy breath across his collarbones.  “Jackie, you've been gone for far too long,” he grumbled.  “It's been dreadfully dull.”
, than tearing each other to bits.
Sherlock retreated to the cool, sea-drenched depths of his caves.  Somewhere, above, in a region Sherlock refused to acknowledge, Mycroft laughed.  He laughed....
Eventually, His Majesty’s Navy gave up and sailed away, crowding the side of their ship, bowing and waving their hats in farewell.
Sherlock turned quickly and held out the long cape of brown material he carried over his fore arm. This was the bit that would be draped over john, the back and the arse-end bit.  John tried to take solace that at least the tail was attached to this and not to him. He did not fancy a visit to the loo with a swishing tail.  The humiliation factor was at least a little lessened. Not by much but he would take what he could get.
He could still hear Sherlock continue his verbal dance with the brothers, Sherlock was coping very well with the situation so far, and he was being truly brilliant.  Well that would not do and John decided it was time to up the ante.
“There John, I see a prime spot.  We will take one casual stroll around the room just to ensure being seen and set up court in a visible spot.  And John, kindly keep the come-hither hind quarters swaying to a minimum please.”
Jackie showed up one day with several yards of jute.  “I'm going to teach you Cat's Cradle,” he laughed, excited about his game.  So Sherlock extended his claws, as long as the boy himself, sharp enough to bring down ships, to destroy empires, to drown queens, and allowed the child to wrap string from forefinger to thumb.
He smiled as he slid his hands down the backs of Sherlock’s thighs and then up to gently palm the swell of his backside.
John let loose with his high pitched giggle slouching down in the seat and feeling wonderful.
“I have informed Mycroft of the location of the missing artifacts and the Dioscuri brothers will have to answer for their crimes.”  Sherlock removed the half mask and attempted to restore some order to his unruly hair.
Sherlock hummed in affirmation, “Twins, Cass and Paul Dioskuri.  The Dioskuri family originally of Greek descent, London based for several generations.  Old money, recently fallen on hard times due to poor investments. Tonight they are hosting a fancy dress ball at their family manor in observance of Halloween. The guest list includes several local organized crime figures as well as politicians and even a few prominent Yarders, “ Sherlock produced an ornate envelope from his dressing gown pocket, “and us!   Well not us us of course.” Sherlock paused looking wistful for a half moment, “We really are quite regrettably recognizable these days.”
Sherlock gave John an almost believably contrite smile.  He stepped up close and tenderly cupped John’s face in his large hands, tilting it up so that their eyes met.  “I know it is not an ideal situation, but please John, I do need your help.   I need you close but out of sight completely and this costume serves both needs admirably.  You know we are too visibly identifiable together.  He rubbed his nose against John’s nose. “That is the tall and short of it.” He smiled a kiss onto John’s pouting lips.
… and wished to sit and talk of serious things.  “Call me John, Sherlock,” he said one day.  “Jackie is a child’s name.  No one calls me Jackie anymore.”
Sherlock sighed and affected his most why-am-I-surrounded-by-idiots expression, “Because John, it is a fancy dress ball and we are going undercover, and for that we need a costume, and this is our costume.”
When John returned from the wars he had more than a limp.  The clapboard house by the sea in which he'd grown up now seemed smaller, salt-encrusted and aged, withered and sad.  It was many weeks before he emerged onto the crooked balcony, stared at the stairs down which he used to bound.
John knew much of this would be obscured by the costume or easily passed off as effects of drink or a warm crowded room. But he knew it was there and it was his doing and it was becoming intensely arousing thinking about it.  John tried to shift and get relief from his own tightening trousers.  He had not figured in the personal suffering he would experience as backlash from his revenge plan but too late now for rethinking.   He was now fully committed and a Watson did not flinch in the face of adversity.  Nor did a Watson ever abandon such a fantastic and lovely arse.   Slowly he withdrew the hand that was attending to Sherlock’s balls and brought it back around to his side of the man.  His fingers traced down the crease of Sherlock’s cheeks parting them as they went. John followed his fingers with his very wet and insistent tongue, dipping down to the now accessible whorl of Sherlock’s anus.    John grinned inwardly as he felt Sherlock’s entire body jerk minutely and he heard the timbre of his voice raise at least 2 octaves before returning to its controlled measured tones.
John listened to the conversation filter through the material of the costume.  It was stuffy and very dim under the cover of the faux horse hide. He could hear the brothers making bold and admiring comments to Sherlock…obviously liking what they saw.  John tried hard not to imagine the unseen brothers reaching out and touching Sherlock in casual caresses. It was annoying the hell out of john already.
John left the cab and took a brief moment to appreciate his partner’s costume.  Sherlock’s lean muscular torso was mostly bare from the waist up, his pale skin unearthly in the dim lamplight.  Over his right shoulder, offering thin protection from the chill autumn air was a gathered cloak of white material trimmed with gold. It was draped artfully across his chest and to his left hip. It was clasped at the breastbone with a gold Greek shield broach.   The material trailed down his back and across to his left hip, partially obscuring the place where a wide ornate leather belt marked the end of his bare stomach and the beginning of the lower equine potion of his costume.  Thick dark velvety material continued down covering his legs loosely, tapering down to his calves and ending in black leather boots stylized to simulate hooves and fetlocks.  He looked untamed, debauched definitely a creature fit for a Bacchanalia.  It made John smile a bit lustfully himself.
The end wasn’t such a scary thing.
....  Only...
Their visits increased, John chucking casual stones into the surf as he discussed his dreams, the places he wished to see, the things he’d like to accomplish.
And John leaned on that neck and smiled.  Tears slid, slowly and unheeded down his face, leaving icy streaks in their wake.  The fog was so cold, and he couldn’t seem to stop shivering.  “I missed you,” is all he said.  The pain in his gut abated, at long last, the sharp agony of sepsis fading into the background.  “I miss the pirates.”
“Well, I’m not telling them that.”
Sarah gave her a thumbs up. As cheesy porn dialogue went, you couldn’t get much cheesier than that unless you broke out that foamy cheese stuff in a spray can and started spewing it over the set and the people in it (best not to mention that to Sarah, she might get ideas). It should have been laughable. It should never have worked in real life. But Molly was one of those actresses who, quiet and mousy as they might be in normal life, were utterly convincing once they stepped into a role, and her earnest enthusiasm was catching. And, God help him, John couldn’t say he didn’t share the sentiment.
John listened to the three of them negotiating the stairs and the landing, with Irene handling the leading end of the bin and Molly giggling when they jogged the corner of the box and something in it started to vibrate. He was vaguely aware of them reaching the front door and of the shower running in the next room, but he somehow missed the point when the water was turned off so Sherlock swanning into the living room, dripping wet with a blue towel wrapped low around his hips, took him by surprise. John opened his mouth, closed it again, and tried to remember what he was supposed to be doing.
“What was that again, Sherlock?” he asked. He was being cheeky and he knew it.
Prince Franz Drago is no more. I have seen to it myself.
Then he said it again, with more of an exclamation point and less of a pop, when Molly sank onto his cock.
“I only appealed to the greed of the enthusiast, John. It was easy once I realized I had a recording of
“Starving.” Molly slung her handbag over her shoulder.
He did. He felt better for it too, and for the wake up call Sarah had given him, and he was reasonably confident that he had things under control when Molly threw off her coat and filming resumed.
John Watson was having
He only left when the fox was settled in his hiding place. That was the last the fox expected to see of him, but he heard his piping call at the entrance of the sett just a few hours later.
“Lestrade still wants to know what you did to St. Clair. He called earlier saying he confessed to everything and agreed to provide evidence that will almost certainly convict the couple who hired him, all provided that New Scotland Yard keeps you away from him. And Lestrade’s more than happy to comply if it keeps them from having to call you as a witness.” Sherlock carded the fingers of his free hand through John’s hair, absently, fondly. “He told me to remind you of last time, when you scared the jury more than the triple homicide suspect who was actually on trial.”
"If you say so." Sherlock sounded doubtful for all of two seconds, but Irene seized his wrist and steered him towards Molly before he could give the matter much more thought.
“Fuck me, so did I.”
With Sherlock safely in the shower, John felt ever so slightly more competent. He confiscated one of Sarah’s air fresheners, telling her that that was quite enough, they did not need deep lungfuls of fresh lemon scent, and neither did Mrs. Hudson’s prospective lodgers. Molly laughed.
“Oh, breathing - breathing’s boring.” Sherlock stretched and John had to remind himself that the man was an arsehole and therefore it would do him no good to be endlessly fascinated by his ribs or his armpit or the towel loosening ever so slightly. “God, I wish Sarah’d let me have the dildo.”
“Leave it to me.”
John blinked. “I’m sorry?”
"Him?" Irene spared John a glance, then went back to swirling her tongue over Sherlock's left nipple. "He doesn't mind."
“I don’t know that one.”
exactly I want to go, for just four seconds at a time. It’s not a lot, I know—I’ve got nothing on the TARDIS, that’s for sure—but it can be enough, if you know how to use it. I am fully aware that this is strange enough that you won’t believe me, not without proof.
“Is something wrong?” he asked, half-twisting to look at John with his new pants halfway up his thighs. “Do we need to do a screen test?”
“Not a child, surely?”
It was better after that. There was a point, after all, when seeing naked people do things to each other ceased to be titillating, and John thought he'd finally reached it, thanks to a good dose of righteous indignation. He filmed Molly riding Sherlock with what he thought was cool detachment, and he managed to keep it up as the two women kissed and fondled each other when Irene settled herself back onto Sherlock’s face. And he did not lose his mind when Irene got up to rummage in a drawer and Molly slid off of Sherlock’s cock, positioning herself with her hands braced on the armrest and her arse in the air, so that he could fuck her from behind. Considering that this involved shots of Sherlock’s own magnificent arse (
“Hm.”
However, our last venture required that I should write some small dramas for the stage. I will not deny that this pleased me, and I suspect that this was my companion’s intention—despite his insistence that a collection of original works was necessary for our purposes.
. Who’s Chuck Norris?”
At this point, Molly was far from passive. She bit and nuzzled at every part of Irene she could reach, mostly the fabric of her shirt (damned if John knew how she made mouthfuls of cloth look sexy, but that was Molly Hooper for you), alternately clinging to Irene and grabbing double handfuls of Sherlock’s hair. It wasn’t long before her knuckles were going white and her movements lost some of their studied artistry, the leg draped over Sherlock’s shoulder pulling him closer as if she couldn’t bear for him to move away.
“Subtitles, please?”
I don’t appreciate being made to
The words sounded rough and broken, and John hummed with pleasure at having brought
their way into John’s pants before. There was still one niggling little detail he couldn’t help but but notice. “And you’re not suggesting your place because...?”
Sherlock shook his head. “As far as I knew, Sir Jeffrey was in the pink. And a large part of my mother’s decision to give him that post was his eschewing anything even remotely recreational.”
“My sex life’s not up for discussion, thank you.” John’s tone couldn’t have been any icier if it had skated down a glacier in a fish tank filled with ice cubes, but Sherlock went on, apparently oblivious.
it would happen literally. Well. It hasn't yet - imploded literally, I mean, but we've still got, what is it, four days of 2020 left, so we'll see, I suppose.
“They want to send me away.” She said. “Queensberry Schools.” She said. Jane turned to me.
“Umm… I… I just….” he started.
“If I really wanted to get that knife out of your hands I would. And probably break your wrist in the process.”
“And it’s not like you had help or anything.” I grumbled, eating more food.
“Oh. You’re at the flat.” He stated, I could hear the strain in his voice and could feel his own apprehension. “Well. I don’t know if you want to know. I mean privacy and all.” He said.
“I don’t think so.” I lied. “Mycroft’s just being a pansy.” Jane nodded and grabbed her bag, something I still wasn’t used to seeing her carry.
“Good work. Report to camp 3A.” I told him. Suddenly a bullet ripped through his chest. Blood poured through the hole.
“Thank heavens!!” She yelled. He waded through the thick water and grabbed onto her arm, giving her support. He told her something and she pointed down into the water. He reached down into the water and dismantled something. He then guided her over to the ladder. She started up a couple of rungs before she turned back to him. Turning back to him, she pointed to one of the corners and told him something. He began to follow her up the ladder only stopping to look down into the water where she’d pointed.
The doorbell rang. Again. I didn’t even have to guess who it was and simply waited for him to come in. I knew he would. He wasn’t one to wait to be invited into someone else's home. The door swung open almost on que and Mycroft came waltzing in. He looked around the room, inspecting for anything out of the ordinary. He paused a second, looking at the new bullet holes I put in the wall.
“Let me guess. Big pink lady’s giving you problems.” She said. I nodded and Jane adjusted her jacket and approached her.
“Mother also took medication, though not antidepressants. Got it from the son, who got a discount for the medication. Being disoriented and experiencing violent mood changes, he changes the medication. Eventually leading to the Mothers death. It was over such a large period of time it’s classified as natural causes.” He said. I picked up my phone and texted Lestrade.
“If he was here, I’d tell him the same thing. I’m done, I let go. It’s time everyone else did too. The world doesn’t need another Sherlock.” I said, turned my back and getting into a cab. Later that night I texted Lestrade.
“You said she came on a Thursday?” Sherlock asked. Jimmy nodded a couple time.
“Oh. Anything big?”
“What now.” She said.
“And do you have something to wear?” I asked, realizing I wasn’t sure if Sherlock had any nice suits.
“Please.” He asked.
“Brought you a package.” I told her. She moved over and pulled a pocket knife from her pants pocket. She slid the knife across the opening and pulled out a book and a folder. She set the book down and opened the folder. She read a little before holding it out for me. I didn’t immediately respond and after a second she just threw it over other papers that littered the kitchen table. She picked up the book and headed into the lounging area and settled into her chair.
“What did he want this time?” She asked. I’d almost become a ritual that Mycroft would show up.
“With her dropping out of college.” I responded. He shook his head.
“And I’m sure he’ll know what I prefer.”
[Fine.]
Hannah Merp
“Little Molly Hooper. There are explosives rigged to explode in just two minutes, but it won’t if you can get dear Molly to say those words.” She told us. Sherlock pulled out his phone and called Molly. I watched as the phone on the counter buzzed. Molly glanced over at her phone, noticing as the name ‘Sherlock’ appeared on her screen. She didn’t touch it. I silently begged her to pick up her phone.
“You wished to speak with me?” I said, sliding into the inside of the booth.
“Why don’t you want that? We can continue the old crime solving team, Sherlock and Watson...!!” He said, running to catch up and putting a hand on my shoulder. I shrugged him off.
It was hard to believe that walking out a door one day, led to walking through another, and another. And another. Walking out of the flat once had eventually led to walking back in, once temporary, the next permanent. It hadn’t taken much persuasion on Sherlocks part to get me to move back into the flat. After that it hadn’t taken Marcus long to realize that things had become much more complicated and thus end what some might have called a relationship. After that, it hadn’t taken long for the balance between cases and my job to clash, ending in a mostly weekend and night job while the days were spent running around London. After that, it didn’t take long for the run-ins with Serial Killers, Murderers, Adulterers, and every other kind of scrum to show up in the flat. It was almost amazing how much things had changed and somehow never changed at all. Walking through that door had led to walking through this one. It was much less flattering than the others. Ending with breaking into a prison to find a long lost sister, who was probably better off lost, and now was not as defenseless as was previously convinced. Standing in a bright concrete cell was not where I thought that door would lead, though none of the doors lead anywhere that was very comfortable. Sherlock stood pacing the floor of the cell. The little girl's voice crackled over the speaker in the room before abruptly being cut off. The Governor was laying on the floor, his mind jumbled. Eurus popped up on the screen, instructing us. She reminded me of someone. Someone lost, confused, and extremely vengeful. I saw Sherlock reflected in her and Eurus reflected back. I forced myself to calm my nerves when the Governor's wife popped up on the screen. The Governor stood and looked between us and the screen.
“But… I didn’t even tell you about my son…” She started.
“Why Jasmine?” He asked. I rolled my eyes.
“Yes, and you sure had fun with your new lady friend.” I commented.
“Now all I need is a good case.” He said with a smile, as if reminiscing about some fantastic serial killer that was coming. “And Jane.” He said. I looked up at him and hummed. “You’re not a nobody.”
“You’re doing a brave thing.” I said, trying to convince myself I was doing the same. I brought the gun up but couldn’t bear to pull the trigger. I felt shaky though my hands were unnaturally sure. My notebook, all the lives I took written inside. Did it really need another name? I lowered the gun and little and prompted him to kneel. I could do it. I was more than this. More than what? He knelt and I pressed the gun to his head. How many times had I done this? How many times had someone done this to me? Forced into a kneeling position and the death breaking down the back of your neck. I closed my eyes, willing myself to pull the trigger. I couldn’t. Not again. Too many lives. Too many innocents. My record was already black enough. I lowered the gun, tears threatening to block out my vision.  “I can’t” I said, lowering the gun to my side. I cast a glance at Sherlock, whose face once again was unreadable. The Governor snatched the gun from my hand and pressed it under his neck. A similar picture flashed through my mind and I reached forward to take it from him, yelling.
“How long ago was that?” Lestrade asked for me.
“My companion was trying to ask a leading question.” He snapped. Kennedy frowned and looked back at me.
“I know!” One exclaimed. “I know a really great surgeon who can fix it for you. Must have been a nasty fall to make such a scar.” She said. I gaped at them,
“You’re welcome, in a hurry?” She asked smiling.
“Apology accepted.” I said, pulling off my second shoe. I walked up to Sherlock and stood in front of him. I still sometimes marveled at our height differences and how blue Sherlock's eyes really were. “I’m just about used to it now.” I turned and walked to the stairs. “Thank you Sherlock.” I said.
“I was just about to call you, do you…” She started. I butted in.
“It’s always an affair isn’t it.” She said. I looked up and she explained. “Our clients, over half of them are having affairs or something of the like.” I nodded and a feeling or boredom came over me and the urge to do something compulsive came over me. I stood up and walked into the kitchen but none of my experiments were ready yet. I checked Jane’s blog for some reason before standing back up. “Bored?” She asked. I didn’t bother to answer.
“Oh, Lestrade.”
), and obediently moved closer when Sarah said that he should, so that the camera and the eventual audience could get a good eyeful of Irene and Molly exposing Sherlock’s cock.
Oh. God.
good, the smug bastard, and it wasn’t just that he expertly licked and suckled and used his clever fingers where his mouth was not. No, it was that he knew exactly when and how to do all of this in way that might have been precisely calculated to reduce John to a helpless, moaning mess.
) just to hear that again. And encouraged by every groan and squirm and arching of his back, John kissed, licked, nipped his way down Sherlock’s spine, pausing to tease at those dimples of Venus before going on to (
Well, that was cryptic. “Good news for breathing.”
“Bit not good, yeah.”
Blushing is a terrible thing to do when you’re old enough to know better and have no way to hide it. John did his best by ducking his head and hoping his ears didn’t give him away.
“You don’t mean that.”
“No, he’s fine, I think he just — oh no, he’s got the flour out again. That’s his third batch of bread today. I think he needs to work out his feelings on the dough.”
"A bit keen, are we?" she said.
“Well, I do go to check on my mules whenever I get the chance before Mary wakes up, it’s the least I can do for them, and I—I’ve seen you go back there sometimes, and if you were there, I would have liked to say good morning.”
). But, absorbed as he was - he’d just discovered that twisting his tongue a particular way had Sherlock practically lifting off the table - it didn’t escape him that Sherlock’s vocalizations were growing more urgent and demanding. And also quite specific.
She laughed. "I'm just having you on, you silly. It's fine. Really. You're so cute when you're flustered." John was saved from having to reply by the flat door opening behind him. Sarah's attention immediately diverted to the new arrivals. "Hello, girls! Lovely as always!" And she launched herself on them in a flurry of brisk, friendly efficiency.
“You started it.”
) bite that gorgeous arse.
I love you, Sherlock. And I’ll be seeing you soon.
“Sherlock...”
things better.
“When it’s
“Er...”
He had found a young rabbit earlier, quite fresh and practically untouched, and it had made a good meal. He’d eaten some late berries left on the brambles. He’d washed all that down with a long drink from a cool, running stream.
Her husband, however, who arrived some weeks later with a baggage train carrying what must have been most of a wizard’s tower, minus the stone and mortar and shingle—oh, he was like the cigarettes Sherlock smoked furtively behind the stables. Ordinary and intoxicating and addictive and forbidden.
And he’d said it with his voice pitched low and rough, popping the ‘ck’ at the back of his throat so that the voiceless velar plosive twanged John’s overwrought nerves like a garden rake drawn across harp strings.
“Mm, no, I don’t, but I
This was a complicated and meandering thing to say aloud, with words. John settled for licking his lips and nodding once.
“Shoscombe,” murmured John, recognizing both the name and Sherlock’s disdain. “The one with the dog.”
And because that was the last thing he wanted, wouldn’t it be infinitely better to avoid the need for an apology at all? It was hard, so hard, to swallow the unwarranted retort, to let go of the black mood and shut it away for another time, but Sherlock didn’t deserve such treatment, especially not when he was being so warm and open and wonderful. The thought of Sherlock’s face taking on that awful shut-off look he got when his deductions were shot down
On his side, Sherlock didn’t let the change in position faze him. He hoisted one of Molly’s legs over his shoulder so he could get even closer while Molly bent her other knee and brought her foot up onto the table to give the camera a better view. Sherlock’s tongue lapped at her folds, fluttered against her clit and pushed inside her with almost indecorous efficiency. John wondered, not for the first time, how good he actually was, how much of Molly gasping and arching her back was from what he was doing to her, and how much was artifice.
) before going for her clit, sucking and lapping with wild enthusiasm. Molly, already flushed and panting, was finally unable to bite back a groan when Irene pushed a finger deep into her cunt, and she went on groaning, quite wantonly, until a loud metallic clatter came from the direction of the sink.
The fox shook his head. “I remember books. And a library with high windows, and the scent of ink and vellum. I liked books, I think.” He whined in frustration as the dark spaces between the oak shelves in his head turned into the shadows between tree trunks in the forest. He’d been so close, he’d almost had it. “That could be anywhere!”
And fever raged.
“Yep, the theme is of course Greek Mythology. Dull.   The brothers will be hosting dressed as the questionable heroes Castor and Pollux.  I need to get their attention and engage them in conversation.  I am sure that I can get them to give away where the objects are stashed, however, it may require a significant amount of-” Sherlock grimaced, “flirting.”
John continued to work his tongue over and around the very sensitive spot as his hand continued to work Sherlock’s cock torturously slow.   It was sensual almost hypnotic concentrating his somewhat deprived senses and attention to the act of adoring Sherlock’s body.  John was still aware of the activity and conversation going on outside the isolation of the costume. He could hear the changes in Sherlock’s tones and cadence and it was clear that Sherlock was on to something. He was getting what he needed from the frankly obnoxious brothers. Truly they were beyond the bounds of just fetishizing horses, it was an obsession.  That they were including Sherlock in their fantasies was absolutely not fine with John and the sooner Sherlock got what he came for the better.
And the dragon whispered back, “I am here.”  He rubbed the sunken cheek against his shoulder with his snout.  “I am here, my Jackie.  And we yet have pirates to seek….”
“I'm going to be a doctor when I grow up,” he said, perfectly serious.  “I don't want you to bleed.... um.... Dragon.  You might get an infection.”
“Because we, or really, I, need to speak with the Dioskuri brothers and I cannot do that effectively while occupying the rear end of this costume. I need to be in the driver’s  seat and someone needs to sit in the back seat, I-“
“John, quickly,” Sherlock whispered, “assume your position before we are observed too closely”
