“Because...”
The door swings open and their landlady enters their kitchen, frowning, first at the state of their household appliances, then at the state of undress of her tenants.
“You don’t even know what I wanted to say, John.” Sherlock protests, obviously miffed for being talked over.
“It's ok... it's alright.” He mumbles, his voice rough as he strokes William’s nape while biting back his own tears. “They were together until the end. They loved each other so much.”
He barely registered John paying the bill. He insisted; god, he was so hopelessly middle class. Sherlock blinked rapidly, then shrugged on his coat, acting on autopilot. They walked home in silence, for which Sherlock was grateful. Even John seemed subdued by now. It must have been a tough day.
The moment stretches. For lack of anything else to do Sherlock starts to stroke John's back, his hand moving tentatively up and down the soft maroon jumper. John still clings to him like a drowning man but eventually his sobbing recedes. He wipes his face with his sleeve and isn't embarrassed when he finally releases Sherlock. Instead, John smiles a sad smile.
While Sherlock showers and shaves, John orders enough Chinese to feed an army. The rest of the evening is spent with companionable chatter, interrupted by silly giggling and crowned by Sherlock presenting John the cheque the victim’s father wrote to him after the rescue of his son and heir, which Sherlock for once didn't refuse. It's a substantial sum that will see them comfortably through the next months if they are careful (which they aren't; Sherlock will buy a new and extravagantly expensive suit and John has to pay insurance and taxes; then there's a leakage in the pipes that needs fixing – which, strictly speaking, would be Mrs. Hudson's responsibility, but anyway, they are more than just tenants and landlady, and Sherlock
“Why do you interrogate me if Lestrade has already told you?” Sherlock really doesn't want to remember the dark and seedy mishaps of his past.
“You snored.” Sherlock sounds both accusatory and enchanted. “Come on, lets get out and into bed.”
They stare at each other for a whole minute until John turns and runs for the loo, locking the door behind himself.
We started to take pictures and filmed roll after role, to document what happened here. No one shall ever be allowed to forget what men can do to men. I, at least, will never be able to. I desperately want to talk to you about it, about what I saw back in Poland, but I'm not sure I'll find the right words or the strength. It's all in my notebook, though.
It's not his brother's voice any more. Sherlock bolts from the sofa and smashes his head on the coffee table, as hard as possible. He tastes blood but has to do it a second time before, finally, everything goes quiet.
I can actually imagine you sitting next to me here. You would tell me about Byron and Keats and all that. I miss you. I miss your fierce intellect. I miss your warm skin, your body. I dream about you constantly.
“Of course it hurts, you daft twat.” John snarls, his voice muffled by the cloth.
“Well, you stayed the night. Can't have been that bad, then.”
Then he relents, thinking a fraction softer: God, John, please … don't.
John blushes at those blunt words, but then, it's true. So he strips until he stands starkers onto the black and white tiles, modestly covering his genitals with his hands.
Sherlock licks his lips lewdly before shuffling further back and leaning up on his elbows. “Or do you want me to continue where we left of first?”
I love you
“You want me to do something about that?” John asks matter-of-factly.
John relaxes a bit. “May I?” He gestures over to another low Ottoman and, as his host nods in approval, sinks down onto it, trying to stay upright and not succumb to the temptation of lying back even if just for a little while. “You were suddenly gone last night. I searched for you... I thought something might have spooked you. But I couldn't get our... encounter out of my head. Yet I didn't even get a proper look at you. Then, this morning, I found your note in my coat pocket and thought, sod it, there was an air strike just last night, who knows how long we might have, carpe diem and so on, so I better go over to your place right now. And here I am.” John sounds a little lost at the end of his speech.
“I have honestly no idea what you are talking about.” He gives John his best innocently baffled gaze, all open, stunned and slightly offended. It usually works.
I put my papers in order. During the past year, I ensured your last articles to be published. Mycroft was kind enough to let me stay at our flat. This was our home, after all, for all those mostly happy years, and I couldn't imagine to live anywhere else. I still feel your presence here, my love. But it's fading. The sheets don’t smell of you anymore, but of detergent. Your clothes lose your scent as well, smelling just of moth balls. I couldn’t bring myself to give them away to charity.
But they both keep sitting on the floor, frozen. It takes John some effort to finally ask. “Do you remember...?” He has to take another deep breath. “Do you remember that night? Because I do. I do.” There's a vehemence in John's tone that startles Sherlock. “I think I can even pin down the exact moment when everything went to hell.” John's breathing has become ragged.
It’s not without danger either. As cars are not allowed to switch on their headlights, the number of deadly road accidents has skyrocketed. Before the Blitz, most severe injuries John had treated at Bart's resulted from car accidents. He also used to collide frequently with other pedestrians before most of them started to carry something white- a handkerchief, a newspaper, gloves, a brassard. It helps. John himself usually takes a newspaper but tonight it’s raining, so he’s tugged The Telegraph away in his satchel. Gladly, due to the ghastly weather, there are only very few people about.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Because I am. Because you are.” John still strokes Sherlock's hair and suddenly it's all too much.
John finally flees into the shower. He's tired bordering on exhausted, stuffed with pasta, tipsy from his wine and, above all, he's thoroughly fed up with his capricious flatmate-come-bedfellow. This was supposed to be a nice evening but it's turning out to be a disaster. John feels snubbed. Why the hell is Sherlock acting so peeved? God, he can be such a twat sometimes.
it is dirty and filthy and so so good soft smooth and silky but at the same time hard and invading but gentle and tender and he thinks about other things that could be put up his yielding arse for example Sherlock's thick cock and suddenly John can't hold it back won't hold it back it's too bright too much and he can feel his balls tighten and then his arsehole spasms and flutters against Sherlock's lips as John’s climax hits him. It's unstoppable, nearly unbearable. John shoots come all over the covers and even up to his chin while shouting Sherlock's name.
Sherlock just shrugs. “I think he's been tormenting himself with the same reproach ever since.” He smiles a lopsided smile. “Tough luck.” They both grin.
Sherlock snorts.
It'll be good to be back in Europe. Africa was exciting, but it's all rather alien to me. So very different from home.
“You could do it here... with me... while I watch.” John swallows. He's sure he's turned bright red. Suddenly he becomes very aware of his flaccid cock, his scar, his slightly podgy belly and the dried come covering his chest. Perhaps right now he's just not the sexiest wank material imaginable?
Sherlock smiles back, then takes a sip of his tea.
William ignores John’s jibe. “And there is John.” He points out a small dapper figure standing a few feet apart from the group, almost hidden by a pillar. It's obviously the same man as in the photograph taken in Brighton twenty years earlier. His hair is still full, though the grainy black and white picture, yellowed with time, is too blurred to draw more conclusions about his looks.
“Of the two of us it's me who actually had anal intercourse before, so yes, I know what I'm doing. Just let me...” Sherlock has started to stroke himself again to full hardness and the idea of that gorgeous cock brushing over that spot deep inside him suddenly fills John with a craving for more, faster, harder.
The detective thought long and hard for several minutes. "I want the wedding. I want it for Father, for Mrs. Hudson, for Finn, but I want it for us. I don't want to look back and regret not doing it."
"Shame you've been such a naughty boy, Sherlock." The thrashing increased tenfold at those words. "Oh stop being a child," Greg clipped him on the back of the head. Greg picked up the pegs and put them back on Sherlock's cock. "When you get your arse calmed down, I'll start again."
The Superintendent turned his head to look at John, his eyes opened wide.
“Here we go then. You can play it here for me so I can listen or you can go back to your room, nowhere else though, pet, ok?”
Benjamin had the audacity to laugh at that. “The government isn’t going to care about him-”
"Sherlock, it always has to do with your experiments. Don't leave shit out when you go out. I shouldn't have to tell you this."
John tipped his head on one side in understanding as his familiar maid stepped in. "Could we have 3 teas, biscuits and a glass of water please."
Sherlock tried to jerk free from the doctor's grip. "I've been good! I even helped Mycroft. I haven't been... bratty."
“He’ll open up when I make him. I’m not having him hiding things but he can sleep for now. He clearly needs it.” He ran his hand lovingly through the older man’s hair, he didn’t even stir.
Sherlock sighed, not looking at either Dom. Right now he just wanted to scream and shout at the pain resonating down his leg.
When the car pulled over Greg climbed out, ordering Mycroft to remain where he was.
John grinned. "Don't be in a hurry. Sherlock and I might take a while." He pulled his boy in for a one armed hug.
. 13.88MB
The sub came immediately, come spurting out into the pot John had put down. The Dom watched as it gathered, then he cleaned his hand off, as well as his pet's cock, and held him close. He ensured the clamps came off quickly and the vibrator was pulled free, but the restraints stayed on. Sherlock always said he fell under and stayed under far easier when the Dom had bound him. Bound him safely and never leaving him alone.
“I will endure my brother for my son.”
"Better, but I'm still not feeling it. Kneel." John gave the sub a push so he slipped forward onto the floor.
John kicked his boy's feet wide apart so Greg could tie them that way. "I think that pink hole of yours needs to be filled up, boy. Luckily, this room has just what we need to do it."
"Yes, sir," the sub whispered.
They’d reached the door to the playroom and John stopped and turned to regard his sub.
Eurus walked to the desk and took out a pair of handcuffs, then returned to her brother. "Cuff yourself with your hands behind your back."
“I-” he did want a cup of tea. It sounded like a great idea and would more than likely bring him out of this floaty bubble, that felt similar and yet so far from subspace. But he was warm, and comfy.
“Now, pet! I'll not have you going into Panic, it'll not help with anything.”
“I was under the impression I am the Dom. I make the rules.”
"We'll see," the Dom said slowly, watching his kneeling sub for a long moment. He put the clamps to the side and pulled a blindfold over Sherlock's eyes. The detective shook his head for a moment but settled when John rested his hand on his shoulder. "I will not leave the room, pet, I promise."
"Then let me get off!"
“Don’t-” Sherlock tried, but John shook his head as he smacked the bed with it, trying to get his attention.
"They make devices for that, Sherly. Little clamps that attach to your eyelids and keep your eyes open. I brought one with me to the island. Do I really have to use it?"
"When my little big brother gets like that, all I have to do is hurt Mycroft. When I do that, he snaps right out of it."
Sherlock grabbed the wrist that held his collar. “Fighting me won’t make this easier.” He glared until the boy let his wrist go.
Walking for a picnic with his Dom was not something he had been expecting this morning when he’d woken up.
Moments later there was a tentative knock at the door, still not fully trusting then. He couldn’t blame the lad after the morning they had had and the fact that he had only arrived yesterday afternoon. John hadn’t done anything to properly earn his trust yet. Time was what was needed in these situations. They hadn’t been together long enough, but then again he hadn’t really done anything which would prove him to be untrustworthy.
"I'm not going to bite, Sherlock."
All Greg had been doing was circling around the trussed up detective.
John pushed his boy down to his knees straight away and Greg did the same with his boy. They exchanged glances, then removed the blindfolds simultaneously.
“I thought as much.” He grabbed the collar of his sub's suit and shoved him towards the door, using the scruff of his neck to control him. “Upstairs.”
Finn scrambled down from Mycroft’s lap and ran to the door, swinging it wide. When Mr. Holmes appeared, the little boy hugged his legs.
Greg nodded once, giving it to him.
The detective sucked his lip in protectively, but chewed on it himself for a moment before begging, "Please, sir, don't. And don't leave me. I... I want to spend the day with you."
“I’ve been with you forever,” the detective complained. “I’m used to you, despite what I’ve said, and you still leave even though you know that.”
Eurus smiled a predatory smile. "Go ahead, Irene. I love to watch you work."
"I was running towards our boyfriends!"
"Yes, sir," he whispered.
“I'll take him.” Sherlock grasped Finn's other hand. “You get changed.” He tugged and John let them go. He knew his husband would take the little boy's safety seriously even if he treated everything else like a joke.
"No, sir."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You can tell him when he gets here. For a 3 year old you’re too excited for this!”
"I distinctly remember Greg and I discussing with the pair of you about how things have changed. How much stricter things have become. Do not think you are going to get away with this, boy, not at all." The Dom punctuated his speech with a hard slap to Sherlock's arse. He had hit him hard enough to leave a bright pink handprint on the creamy flesh of the sub's bum.
"That's precisely the point, boy, you're not!"
“I'm never gonna get in,” the little boy whined.
“Like you don’t know.”
There was no relief until they were shoved into the cell and to the floor.
"Our film will be back on soon," Greg noted. "I'm going to check on mine." He stepped down the hall and into the room where Mycroft was trussed up and suspended. "How are you doing pet?" Greg asked as he flipped on the lights.
“There wasn’t a case,” the DI said it with conviction even if he was starting to doubt his own eyes.
The sub in the corner didn't move at all. He had to behave. For John.
“Where is your sub? Can't he help with her?”
Happy both of their boys were cuffed, they dragged them through to the next room, this one was beach themed and on the other side of the room the glass doors opened out on to the real beach.
"I wasn't going to let you come anyway, boy."
Greg turned and slapped his boy on the thigh. "Watch it, boy!"
When Sherlock heard the footsteps behind him he knew it was his boyfriend and sighed. So much for time alone.
“Is that what you meant about not knowing about aftercare?”
The sub smiled and John saw then how small and innocent Sherlock could be deep down. It just made the doctor want to grab him and hug him forever. He opened the door to the playroom and led his sub in by the hand. He wasn’t about to give it up.
John frowned. What the fuck?
Sherlock groaned as his arms were removed from the cuffs and he was dragged to his feet. His arms strained as they were pulled up and the cuffs attached to the hook hanging from the ceiling.
Mycroft had stopped fighting the moment his sister entered the cell with Sherlock. He berated himself for having strayed from the plan.
John attached his leash again and held it in one hand whilst he used the other to stroke at his untamed curls, something he was sure the doctor wouldn’t have attempted if he hadn’t been successful earlier in the lab, and he continued with his conversation.
He turned back towards her, frowning deeply.
“Yes, sir,” Sherlock mumbled quietly.
Greg closed his eyes briefly before pulling Mycroft in for a hug.
Happy his sub wasn't going to be a brat anymore, he reached around and removed the gag.
Sherlock grumbled his complaint which got more vocal as Greg forced the posture collar around his neck.
“The shell is lovely dear,” Mrs. Hudson told him. “Why don't you go collect me some more?”
“Get off,” Sherlock hissed, tugging at his restrained arm.
Sighing heavily, John let Greg take control and the Superintendent threw the younger man into the wall. It startled Sherlock so much that he actually went still. The olater Dom took advantage of the fact and threw him over his shoulder. "To the playroom?" he asked.
“Who are you?” Sherlock repeated, eyeing him up and down again. The van was fairly dark, but he saw enough, at least he thought he had.
John reached for a mug and handed it down to him. The detective just stared at it. Surely it was only the Dom's that drank in this place?
"But, sir!"
The next person to show up was Mycroft. On sight of his Dom, the government official bowed his head, feeling incredibly bad for the younger two men. Greg indicated the lift and together the three of them ascended to the DI's office.
Mycroft looked cross. "You know what curiosity did to the cat."
For his part, Mycroft whimpered at his burrning, stinging cock and deflated. The Superintendent quickly gathered his boy's bollocks and cock and soon had the cock cage locked in place.
“Yes. Moriarty. According to my brother at least.”
"Eveything is always his fault," Eurus declared. "I don't care. It just is."
“You cooked?” the Superintendent asked.
The other sub nodded. “Oh, yeah. And I’ll tell you what else: if you call the coppers now, I won’t run. I’ll sit quiet and they can take me down, I promise.”
Greg was surprised at the apology. He knew he had never apologised without first being punished. He nodded, oddly proud, and with a glance to John to check it was alright, he raised his hand and tilted Sherlock’s head back. The detective’s eyes met his own, but he immediately averted them.
"Go. Now!"
The Dom chuckled. “Not completely. No, you haven’t.” He raised an eyebrow – this time more seductive than threatening - and then twirled slowly. “You like?”
Sherlock brought his hand up to his cheek in shock and tried to back away, this time his curls were grabbed by the Dom’s hand and he was thrown into the wall, face first.
"It's just sitting there."
“Well, now that your brother has no doubt scared them shitless, they won’t fail you again.”
“Clothes?” The DI couldn’t for the life of him work out what the hell had gone on when they had left the younger pair to it in Baker Street mere hours before. One thing he did know for sure though was that Sherlock had been made to feel suitably punished and the doctor had certainly not gone ‘overboard’.
“Ah, Anderson, here we are again.”
"Is that it?" Eurus asked, annoyed. "Aren't you going to complain that I went too far or something?"
Download from
“Please, sir,” Sherlock whispered.
As the mini bus started to move, Finn leant over and took first Sherlock’s hand, then he leant in the other direction and took John's hand. He seemed perfectly happy just to hold them.
"Do you know how much I love you?"
Every other sub he had ever trained would not be so petty as to not let their mouth touch his fingers. He actually liked it. It was a way of gaining trust and being intimate without being sexually demanding. John hid the hurt expression that flickered across his face quickly. Not 10 minutes ago, Sherlock had said he wouldn’t eat out from his hand so they had already made some progress.
“For?”
“These shoes were found in a bin half a mile from the jewellers.”
Taking a deep breath, John stood up and held his hand out for the younger man. More eagerly than expected, Sherlock took his hand and the doctor led him over to the bed. He tugged him onto the bed so he was rested against him again. “Pet, if you don’t tell me, I can’t help. And if I don’t know what upsets you or gives you painful memories, I won’t be able to prevent myself from doing either something similar (which he highly doubted) or something that triggers a memory that you don’t need to experience.”
Mycroft nodded, swallowing stiffly. He took the coffee John handed him with muttered thanks and perched on one of the stools.
“There, by the table.”
"Shut it!" The doctor hissed. "I've had enough of your attitude today. Just as I thought you were settling, you mess up again and again. Greg, would you deal with it please?" With that John stormed from the room.
John placed the tray onto the side unit and flopped onto the bed. Sherlock stayed where he was knelt. After a moment, the Dom had settled himself and patted the bed. “Come on then.”
Sherlock’s gaze flickered up at him and there was an air of defiance there that John really didn’t approve of. With a small huff, John got to his feet and found a hood. In short order he had it pulled down over Sherlock’s thrashing form. He tightened the strings up behind his head, tucking them into the collar so they wouldn’t get caught on anything.
"I just- Of course, you're right," Irene agreed quickly. "I don't know what I was thinking."
“Greg-” he tried immediately. He needed answers. Needed to know what was going on and how long he had been gone. Needed to find John.
Without letting her smile waver, the Dominatrix adjusted her estimation of the youngest Holmes. Eurus was obviously far more dangerous than Irene had estimated. She wasn't worried, however. There wasn't a woman alive she couldn't control given enough time.
Mycroft wasn't far behind.
Download from
He could see that the older woman wanted to hug him, he obliged, she had clearly helped Mycroft to keep Sherlock out of trouble for many years.
Sherlock stepped forward and took John's hand. “It wasn’t, sir,” he responded. “I bumped into him outside in the street. I didn’t mean to… he cuffed me and dragged me in here. I was only looking for John, sir, honest. We got separated.”
Sherlock froze, then sank into it. "Getting a taste for dominance again, big bro?"
"Hmm. My brat is good at that."
"Something is off," John said, frowning. "He's never turned down ice cream before."
Finn giggled. He agreed with Amy. Sorting the legos was silly. She smiled at him and they giggled together. Then before anyone could stop him he reached out and pushed all the piles away, knocking the stacks over into a heap.
"Hmm, good boy," John whispered still nuzzling into his shoulder. He kept it up a bit longer, then grasped the fleshlight and pumped it a few more times, a bit more vigorously.
Sherlock’s head shot up at that. “What do you mean my violin? It’s in its case in my bag.”
John was waiting for his partner to make a food comment related to Mycroft but he seemed more interested in the little boy he was holding.
"Nope. Be quiet."
Two of the guards hovered over Sherlock, talking quietly.
"Okay," Finn agreed, biting his lip.
Sherlock's eyes glared fierce, and Irene laughed.
“And you won’t ever understand how those people died. What kind of result do you care about?”
“Come on!” He continued complaining, his wrists renewed their efforts at getting free and of course failed.
Biting his lip, Sherlock nodded.
“Ice cream,” Finn demanded.
The blond sighed. “You're right, of course, can you take me to the crime scene?”
Irene grasped him by the hair and threw him to the floor. "Stay there," she said as she stepped on the back of his neck.
“Let’s head back,” Greg suggested. “We can regroup and have a look at possible places he might have gone.”
Mycroft's gaze darted to Sherlock. "No, sir."
Benjamin looked around, as if anything nearby could be of any assistance to him, nothing could, not now, doubtful ever again with the DI of NSY there.
"Indeed. Now, lay across my lap and show me that pretty arse of yours. I have the urge to spank it." John laughed at the Superintendent's expression. "Problem boy?"
"How long do you think we can draw this out?" John asked.
“Think very carefully before you lie to me, boy!” John barked as he watched the cogs in the younger man’s brain try and decipher his mood and come up with a valid excuse.
“I will be in an hour.”
Sherlock would have complied with anything at that point if it meant getting out on the beach quicker. As it stood, kissing him wasn't that bad of a deal. He opened his mouth beneath the press of Greg's lips, granting him entrance. Sherlock melted under the Superintendent's ministrations, going soft in a way he hadn't all day.
"And then, I'll make you ask her politely for it in a few weeks." The Dom laughed. "I actually might do it anyway."
Bemused, he glanced a Mycroft as he answered his sister. "Um, a bit, yes." His sister seemed to be acting like she had when he had been ill.
He had wanted to catch the door without the girl noticing but that plan hadn't been feasible. Sighing he ran his hand up the inside of the door, over the keyhole. The keyhole he couldn't pick. He'd never found a lock he couldn't get through, even Mycroft had failed.
Eurus sat down gracefully on the floor, then looked up expectantly at Irene. The Dominatrix took the hint and sat down next to her.
John reached down and cupped his cheek, successfully stopping him. "You've not done anything wrong. Mycroft said when you were hurt as a kid he stayed with you. You had sleepovers in your bedroom."
"We may have to put you two in time out," John observed.
"Kneel there," he ordered, shoving him towards the corner.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and rolled out of bed, leaving John dumbfounded on the bed.
That was enough for the Dom and he immediately moved to untie the hook from his collar and release his feet. The boy was clever enough to leave his hands behind his head.
“Thanks,” the doctor chewed out.
"Oh, it's not about the power. It's being able to do things for the people you care about and not having to worry about the repercussions."
“Have you even been out of this house before?”
Sherlock enjoyed the moment, letting himself be held. He rested his head against the doctor’s."I love you too." He was now doubly happy with his decision. “But this can't just be for Finn. If I have to adopt him as a single parent, I will.”
“Well, boy?”
"You know, it really is obscene how much my boy has spent on this kind of thing," Greg mused as he looked around the room, grinning.
"Uncle Mycroft and Greg are here," he said, turning away from the window and facing the room.
“Where would he run too?”
Greg stared at him for a solid minute.
It took a matter of minutes to locate one that stayed away from windows and magnets and even less time to descend. He jumped to the ground and rolled before hopping back to his feet. Yes! He skipped down the steps and sat on the bottom one. He’d done it, he had actually done it, he had beaten Mycroft! That had to be 3 up!
"I don't..." Sherlock trailed off on sight of his brother unsure what to say or do.
John smirked. “I’m fine. I just want to know that you know that.”
When the detective appeared at the door, it was to see his normal chair back, he sighed in relief. He'd rather kneel at John's feet than sit in that god damn chair again. It wasn't just uncomfortable, it was sexually irritating too.
“There's something I don't understand about the whole situation, sir.”
Mycroft placed them in his Dom's hand, not daring to move otherwise.
The Superintendent sat, then patted his lap. Mycroft followed the silent order and sat there. Greg picked up his fork and started feeding him. Neither of them missed the way Sherlock was knelt but they both silently agreed that John would deal with it.
"No, sir."
“Go on,” John encouraged patiently. “What is it?”
Mycroft tested his bonds in an attempt to get free, but it was pointless. He was too well secured.
By the time they got back to the living room, Bond was playing again. John sat down on the sofa, but Greg collapsed on it, resting his head in the doctor's lap.
He began to tug at the cuffs then, thinking he had been abandoned and this was his only chance.
"Anything else?" He asked.
The sub tried to look up in surprise, but John's hand held his head still.
“No, Sherlock.”
Greg snorted as his sub pouted like a toddler. “Fine, you can finish your coffee first. I’m going to go and run the shower.”
"Safe word?" Greg asked, noticing.
Irene held Sherlock's curls as she reached around him and grabbed Mycroft by the chin.
John stepped forward, every bit as threatening as he had been that first day.
"Call the DI," John ordered, one eyebrow raised as Sherlock was leant back against the wall while he did the 'heavy lifting'. Sherlock shook himself out of his head and nodded to the Dom.
Taking it from Irene, Eurus inspected it closely. "Why is it hollow?" She tossed it to the Dominatrix who caught it.
“Sorry, sir,” he murmured softly.
When they reached the top of the stairs, John settled them on the sofa, but Sherlock shifted around, falling to the floor on his knees beside the Dom. Of his own choice, that was either completely new or not good…
What was these people's problem? John met this new man's look with an equal glare.
Greg started striking the sub even harder. "I want every inch of him to glow bright red."
“Yes, sir. I understand.”
John held his finger up to halt him in his tracks. He didn’t want his sub to say something that he wouldn’t be able to let go unpunished. He could say that but at a distance from the younger man. Setting a bad example and all that.
“Greg!” John snapped.
"You live for work too much."
He sighed and turned back to the dead woman.
John shrugged glaring out the window and releasing his hands from fists to relaxed behind him. They pressed up against the chair, pushing him into the seatbelt like a grounding presence.
Mycroft glared at he screen. "Piss off, little sister."
Sherlock dropped to his knees away from John, looking down at the floor between them, “I’m sorry, sir. I’m sorry. Please don’t leave me, sir. I’ll be better. I like it here. I'm good here. I’ll be better, sir. I promise. Please don’t make me leave...” Sherlock was sobbing now and John couldn’t help but gather him in his arms and hold him tight, like one might do with a small child, because that was exactly what he was like in Panic: a child.
Tears welled in Sherlock's eyes, but he still didn't snap his fingers. He could take this. If John wanted him to, he could. He felt himself wanting to please his Dom, the fight leaving him, at least for the moment.
The young man nodded once, “Yes, sir.”
"Yours doesn't like the trouble," John countered immediately.
At once, he fell forward and did just that.
“Yes, sir.”
He began to make his way through the assembled police officers when the DI called him back again. “Oh and John?”
“No! Grandad!”
The detective shifted immediately and let his hands sit behind his back. He actually preferred his current position. He knew he deserved it and it gave him a chance to prove himself to John. It was the only chance he was likely to get.
"Thank you, sir," Sherlock repeated.
The Superintendent clocked Sherlock on the back of the head.
"Drop it," Irene ordered, placing her hand on Mycroft's shoulder.
Greg shimmied down his boy and took his cock in his mouth, sucking on it. He glanced up at his boy with a wicked look in his eyes, daring him to move or make a sound.
"Sir, you don't have to."
Within mere minutes, Sherlock was buckled, hand, feet, neck and hips down to the bench in comfortable padded cuffs.
“Your ID was found at the crime scene, Sherlock.”
Before he had a chance to go any further there was a massive alarm blaring, red light filling the room. He looked through the glass in the door in time to see soldiers running passed. He looked around quickly to see if anyone had noticed him. Deciding it was safe, he ran quietly after the soldiers, his coat flying out behind him.
“We were going to tell you, but I see we don't need to,” John said as he came to a stop a couple feet from the DI.
“How do you mean?”
Greg quickly found the fire extinguisher and put out the small blaze.
The grin that spread across Sherlock’s face was enough to make John have to sit back down and pull his pet up off the floor into his lap so he could kiss him without the risk of fainting. When he was done, Sherlock asked, “Sir?” with a raised eyebrow.
Sherlock didn’t respond, thinking it was a rhetorical question when John thudded his arse with his foot, he knew it wasn’t. “Nod, pet.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, knowing that feeling far too well. “Mummy's not here. And she's never going to be again.” He helped undress his son and then lifted him into his arms to hold him tight for a moment. “See, I'm not mad.”
Sherlock swallowed a lump in his throat. "I love you too." He set Finn down in the bubbly water, scooping up a handful of bubbles and placing them on his son's head.
"Will we?"
"I..." Mycroft sighed, he was unaccustomed to apologising, the premise just felt odd. "I apologise, little brother, truly. I didn't mean to upset you or make our relationship seem fickle. If I hadn't have laughed at you, you wouldn't be in trouble right now. You wouldn't have run away and put yourself at risk. I truly am sorry, Sherlock. It was wrong of me, it won't happen again."
Greg shrugged. "And the British Government is tied up and hanging from our ceiling, 30 feet away."
The Dominatrix couldn't resist tapping Sherlock's cheek one last time. Her bright red laquered nail stood out in bright contrast to his pale skin. She noticed that Eurus' eyes were drawn to it. "I could do your nails if you like."
When the kitchen was clean, he went to sit in his chair. He brought his hands together in a prayerful position and closed his eyes.
When time for dinner rolled around, Sherlock was laying on his bed fiddling with the strings of his instrument with precise finger twirls.
“It's why I went outside the restaurant, sir, I knew whoever it was still had her phone. Maybe she dropped it. Maybe she planted it. Either way the killer has the phone. Any normal person who might have come across that message would ignore it, but the killer…” He laughed once. “Oh, the killer would panic and he did.” He had been surprised Mycroft hadn’t deduced what was going on with him. He knew that there was no way Greg wouldn't have mentioned it and, even if he hadn't, the government official tended to know everything about him.
Sherlock was left nearly an hour, chained to the wall like some sort of dog. He was so focused on chewing and destroying the gag in his mouth, he was shocked when John snapped the leash on and took him toward the stairs without a word.
He pulled the chair out and sat in front of his sub. He raised his hand to cup his cheek and Sherlock flinched, then muttered a quiet, “Sorry, sir.”
He wandered over to his bed, hanging his jacket over the chair as he went and kicked off his shoes. He settled in to the middle and made himself comfy, he didn’t know how long he would have to wait for something to happen, if anything.
Sherlock stared at the bottom of the door frame as he knelt at the playroom door. John had sent him off ahead, making it painfully obvious he wanted perfect behaviour by saying how much he trusted him to not reroute on his journey upstairs.
He crawled forward a bit. “The killer would have had it on them, sir.”
The sound of, “I am a Dominant, of equal status to you! How dare you cuff me! Release me now, Watson. The slut got everything he deserved and there’s a lot more on its way,” reminded the doctor he was still conscious.
“I have these systems set up at every door and window, boy. Financed by your brother. It appears he has been right about everything so far. So, you can get out of the house if the lock doesn’t stop you – I’ll be changing the code by the way – but once you’re out, you won’t get far.”
Greg froze. "I was being sarcastic."
“I’ve looked everywhere he knows of and has been. Twice.”
"Does it still hurt?"
“I don’t want to prepare lunch. I’m useless at domestic things and can’t cook anyway. You’ll only end up-”
Mycroft nodded once. “Feeling guilty yet?” he said as he stepped down.
"Yes, sir. Sorry, sir."
The man grinned, proudly, the doctor couldn’t wait to work that horrendous smirk off his face. He didn’t want to be doing this though, he wanted his sub in his arms again. He didn’t want to be talking to this thick lump of shit but he couldn’t fire, specifically at a copper. But more importantly Sherlock was too close to the pair of them. He could get hurt.
The doctor slowly stroked his sub's back, encouraging the boy to calm completely.
Mycroft ducked his head and stared at the mud he was knelt in. "Yes, sir."
“Where is he?” John demanded as he stormed up to the front desk once they'd made it to the Yard.
Sherlock reached out and took John's hand, but he didn't speak.
"No. On your feet."
The doctor continued to watch his boy, surprised with how well he was staying still. "Don't move, pet," he said as he removed his hand from the back of Sherlock's head.
“Like what? The periodic system? The varying tensile strengths of different natural fibres?”
Sherlock huffs in annoyance. “That's ridiculous, John, even for you.” He starts to turn away.
Saliva is running down his chin as John finally releases him. Sherlock's coughing, gasping. But it's not his place to complain. He's here to serve. He sits back on his heels and awaits further instructions.
So why does he bother? Why does he try? Why can't he accept that some things will never feature in his life: care, liability, fondness, affection?
John makes a very undignified, rather animalistic noise as Sherlock finally pulls off. Both men are panting and John can't suppress the impulse to bow down and mash their mouths together in a frantic, messy kiss. Sherlock does not resist but opens so John can lick into him, deep and lascivious. John tastes himself and is nearly overwhelmed by his want to convey all his confused feelings to the suddenly so very pliant man in front of him. He wants to show Sherlock that this is good, could be really very good, that he should just let go and trust him and give himself over to the sensations. John wants to keep him close, stroke him, touch him, tell him that everything is all right. But despite Sherlock's display of patience and deference, John can also sense that he's barely tolerating John's overtures. Underneath his consent lurks, at best, thinly covered indifference.
I'm in Hamburg, by the way. I won't go into details, it's too distressing and tedious at the same time. The town was hit by a heavy air raid last night. I cheered inwardly. I wanted to dance in the streets. But so many people died. Civilians, burned to death or buried beneath the rubble. Women, children... It's so unfair. War doesn't distinguish between good and bad people, it just takes them all.
So eventually, Sherlock had abandoned his sinister thoughts and resigned himself instead, towards a less obvious method of release. True, John had thrown away his equipment but an addict was nothing if not inventive. Sherlock knew that the doctor kept some sterile syringes in the first aid kit in the bathroom. But when he'd envisaged John finding out about it, he'd hesitated. Twice a week spoke of dependency. John would be concerned – and angry. He was a doctor, after all. Substance abuse was nothing he'd tolerate on a regular basis.
It's the last thing he says for a while.
Looking further down, John becomes aware of more bruises blooming on Sherlock's protruding ribs – bright purple on pale skin, a ghastly contrast to the colour of his shirt. John carefully brushes his hands over the sore areas, and Sherlock inhales sharply.
“But that was… before...” Sherlock trails off, too inhibited to name and describe John’s earlier doings.
John absent-mindedly reaches out to pet Sherlock's hair but stops abruptly as Sherlock flinches, then very slowly retracts his hand and begins to get up.
It's been so long. She offered comfort. I took it.
Sugar - If I can't change your mind
When John returns with his supplies to the sitting room, Sherlock hasn't moved. John takes the reading lamp from the desk and points the bright light at Sherlock's face, who winces, but John needs proper illumination if Sherlock is not to look like the monster from Frankenstein afterwards.
“Disgusted.”
I hope to see you on the other side. And if not, at least I'm ending this dreadful chore my life has become.
Sherlock?
William swallows. His eyes are stinging.
“Well, in that case, there’s no reason I should try, is there?” William retorts a little absent-mindedly, suspiciously eyeing a plastic bag he discovered at the back of his sock drawer. There’s something squishy inside, yet William is certain that it hadn’t been squishy when he'd put it in there some months ago. He doesn’t dare to open it and preen inside, not without a respirator mask…
Sherlock returns to 221b about two hours later. He'd taken that shower at the hotel, and then decided to walk back home rather than get a cab. He needed time to compose himself.
Sherlock just rolls his eyes.
“To whom was he writing?” William sinks down onto the bed as well and snatches the box from John's hands. “My love, Love, My Dearest... Ah, here... My dearest Sherlock.” He drops the letter as if it's suddenly on fire. “Sherlock?!”
“We wasted so much time, Sherlock. It took us so long to finally get there and then... we lost everything.” John's shoulders sag and his puffy eyes are filled with regret.
So many dead, so many injured. The dark spots on this letter are actual blood. I can't get my hands clean anymore.
There's another article from 1966. By now, Sherlock's temples have started greying. He seems to be in his early fifties but still looks dashing. “He's awarded a honorary degree from the University of Oxford.” William says, and has to smile at how proud he sounds, admiring the achievements of a man he’s never met.
“What do you want me to do first?”
Sherlock's eyelids flutter shut momentarily as he revels in the instantaneous sensation of the potion spreading through his body, numbing him while simultaneously alerting every nerve and fibre of his being.
“Then
John does not want to listen to this. But he has to.
I have no words.
Just, I feel so bad right now. So dirty. I betrayed your trust. Please, forgive me.
He needs data, so he walks down to Mrs. Hudson.
Sherlock is quiet for so long that John thinks he might have overstepped. Eventually, however, he starts to speak again.
“Sherlock, can I just ask you a question?” John says after he's pulled away a few heated minutes later.
John releases a breath he hadn't been aware of holding. “Jesus Sherlock, couldn't you … I don't know … tread a little bit more carefully? This is a man who doesn't seem used to being turned down. He doesn't take no for an answer.”
“It's rather painful and humiliating, speaking of the whole sad business. I met Mario about ten years ago when I was investing in a start-up in Brazil. Mario Pinto was the son of a government official in Manaos. He was exotic, beautiful, a bit dangerous and a little unbalanced.” The millionaire gives Sherlock a pointed look but continues as there is no reaction forthcoming from the detective. “I fell head over heels for him. To cut a long story short, I was besotted with him and I married him. We entered into a civil union in 2004. But soon afterwards, as the first passion had died down, I realized that we had nothing, absolutely nothing in common. My love faded. If his had faded too it might have been easier. But whatever I did, nothing could turn Mario from me. He adored me; he insisted on coming to England with me. Well, he knew quite a bit about my dealings with the Brazilians, which hadn't always been entirely above board, as these things seldom are.” Gibson pauses to look at Sherlock again, who doesn't show any sign of disapproval. Instead, his pale eyes stare into nothing as he listens in utmost concentration. Gibson swallows, then continues. “Over here I met Sean Dunbar. He became my PA. Now, I make no pretence to be more moral than my neighbours; I had to have him. I told him so, making him a very generous offer. Do you blame me, Mr. Holmes?”
And despite all his sorrow, all his regrets, Sherlock grins back, his bleak features lighting up with a real smile. “Thoroughly.”
“Mon dieu, I truly hope your German is better than your French.”
“Don't ever leave.” Sherlock whispers, sounding suddenly fierce as he captures John's mouth in a somewhat shy yet totally lewd kiss.
Sherlock returns John's stare blank and slightly puzzled.
“Oh, I certainly will.” John sounds… sad. Not disappointed or angry, but rather, unhappy and frightened.
It's so hot that I start to long for a foggy, damp November day in London. We are approaching Christmas! At home, we would eat fruit cake and drink mulled wine, at least before this bloody war broke out.
“He didn't go to Oxford but went on to study at the LSE. Got a job in the city afterwards. Married. Neither attempt was successful. His wife left him. Ran off with her fitness trainer. After that, Victor took to the bottle. Died in a car crash about three years ago. Drunk driving. Veered off the road on a straight track, hitting a tree... Suspicious. But, as almost always, no one wanted to ask too many questions.”
Sherlock realises the second John cautiously closes the door behind him that something terrible must have happened.
At first, he’d wandered around blindly but in the end had found himself unconsciously following the Grand Union Canal tow path westwards. Reaching Wormwood Scrubs, he'd crossed the vast yet deserted open space, coming to stand in front of the iconic entrance of HM prison. He'd put a few men behind these bars himself but the idea had offered him neither consolation nor satisfaction. He had returned to Baker Street. The flat was still cold and empty, thus reflecting his state of mind adequately.
“That... was amazing.” John pants, his thick hard cock oozing, shining with a mixture of saliva and precome.
Sherlock looks actually a bit horrified at that prospect. After a moment, he asks: “And if I don't?”
Sherlock's first thought is: No!
But his eyes burn bright with glee and smugness and he doesn't bother to drink the hot sweet tea John presses into his hands, nor does he take the hint to shower, until John almost pushes him into the bathroom but not before he's finished the tale of his latest triumphantly solved adventure. John cannot help himself, he grins from ear to ear seeing Sherlock so utterly pleased with himself and therefore benevolently condescending towards the rest of the world.
“Of course.” Sherlock scoffs.
“Because I want to see you.”
“Yes, I put it there.”
I just learned that the woman who hid me a few weeks back was arrested yesterday. There's nothing I can do about it.
Suddenly, this feels all wrong and strange, so John ends the kiss and tries to caress Sherlock's face but the detective turns away too abruptly, disentangling himself briskly from John's personal space. His demeanour is rather dismissive, unapproachable even. While John still tries to get his breath back, Sherlock simply gets up from the sofa and walks over into the kitchen where John can hear water running.
John isn't so lucky as to get a seat. He has to stand, swaying slightly while holding onto a strap. He's exhausted from his night shift, despite his heart beating hard and fast in his chest at the prospect of meeting the stranger from last night again. He toys with the slip of paper in his pocket until he almost falls asleep, only woken up by the rattling of the train when it runs over a turnout.
Always yours
“Hey,” John smiles, gets up and starts to clear the table. He doesn't expect Sherlock to help him and is therefore surprised as Sherlock comes up beside him, placing crockery on the counter.
“What are you insinuating?” Sherlock sneers.
They are suddenly both very quiet.
“Do I know you?” John asks, still wet, just clad in a fluffy towel round his waist. His scar is clearly visible on his shoulder, whitish ridges and grooves against his reddish skin, flushed from the heat of the shower.
“You want me...?” John falls silent again.
And then John had touched him.
There's a medal at the bottom. It's a silver cross on a dark blue ribbon.
“What does it say?” Sherlock sounds eager, his curiosity suddenly piqued.
“Thank you. That was... much needed.” John croaks.
“If you are starting to hyperventilate, don't use that bag.” Sherlock deadpans and John can't help it; he snorts a laugh before pulling Sherlock into a fierce hug. The angle is odd and Sherlock's bony shoulder bumps uncomfortably into John's sternum but he couldn't care less.
“We have to talk about this.” John whispers against his nape. “You know we have.”
“I have barely started.”
He finds a crumbling newspaper clipping, dated 1947, showing a strikingly beautiful, dark-haired woman. The capture reads “Triumphant Return for Irene Adler to Covent Garden in Fidelio”. Someone has written at the margin:
But Lestrade doesn't seem to hear him and just ploughs on: “What he did to make a living… I think, to him, it was just services rendered. A simple exchange. But sometimes it seemed like he was… fading away. Jesus, if you'd seen him back then! He looked like death warmed up. Hit it pretty hard. Lived rough. Willow thin, you'd thought he might snuff it any minute. But of course he couldn't resist pissing everybody off who might offer him help.” Greg cringes at the dark unwanted memories. To calm himself he downs the rest of his pint.
It has been such a long time.
“What... Sherlock, could you... What are you doing?” John's erection is flagging rapidly. Being manhandled this way reminds him of Sherlock making use of corpses at Bart's morgue.
Finally taking a shower, Sherlock - embarrassed and ashamed – had allowed his hand to wander south. He had imagined stepping into the shower while John was having a wash. Sherlock had thrown his head back, raising his face up towards the spray, closing his eyes as his left hand had roamed his chest, hesitantly playing with one peaked nipple before caressing the defined muscles of his abdomen. All the while, Sherlock had badly wanted this to be John's hand, touching him.
” Sherlock suddenly twists around and almost knocks John off the bed. “Brilliant! You are brilliant, John Watson!” And Sherlock snogs him so forcefully that a rather large amount of lube lands on the sheets. Nevermind, John has the intention to get them properly soiled very soon, anyway.
“What?” John asks, tired and fuzzy, his voice husky and rough from sleep.
And Sherlock does. Hard and fast. There's no pain, just euphoria, oblivion, ecstasy. Sherlock hits John's prostate again and again but it's not just that, it's the closeness, the passion, the abandon that makes John beg for it, crave it.
.” John stares down at the letter in his hands as if he doesn't believe his eyes.
The two brothers exchange a serious gaze. Sherlock frowns.
Suddenly, the man drops his lazy demeanour and sits up. He even puts his cigarette away in a saucer on a nearby low table.
They don't make it into the bed on the far side of the room. John takes Sherlock right there on the floor, the thin rug leaving burns on Sherlock's back. Sherlock eventually got naked but John only had time to pull his trousers down to mid-thigh before Sherlock grabbed him by the hips and positioned him between his spread legs. Luckily, there's still a bottle of olive oil next to the balsamic vinegar that had accompanied Sherlock's salad for dinner. Otherwise, they would have done it dry. Sherlock wouldn't have cared, but the oil makes everything deliciously slippery and much easier.
“It's rather common. Not as common as my first name, but still...” John falls silent, toying with the belt of his dressing gown. “Coincidence.” He mumbles.
“Well, at least they were still together in 1953. But what is all this about? Sherlock seems to have been some sort of teacher, and a student accused him of sexual assault?”
But John can't refrain from asking: “Are you coming to bed?”
His peaceful morning, however, is rudely interrupted when John crashes through the door and starts shouting. At first, Sherlock thinks his anger is still directed at Mrs. Hudson, but as words like “utter dickhead”, “selfish bastard”, “inconsiderate stupid fucking arsehole cunt” filter through the white noise of John's bellowing, it gets obvious that he is, in fact, abusing someone else (John would never call Mrs. Hudson a cunt, come what may). As there's no one else around, Sherlock concludes that the rant must be directed at him but it can't be that important as he's not guilty of any behaviour considered 'bad' or 'offensive' by John's standards (there had been no fire, no poisoned food and Sherlock is positive that John doesn't know about the human lung in the fridge, as it is carefully covered with tinfoil).
It doesn’t hurt, yet it feels… odd? Sherlock's not used to being penetrated, and getting something shoved up his arse feels just the wrong way round. He forces himself to relax, but it’s easier said than done. Until John curls his fingers slightly, and Sherlock sees stars as he almost jolts off the mattress.
“Well, then we are on the same page.” John leans back. “What is it that you propose?”
And thinks.
“Get them.” Sherlock growls. John jumps out of bed and sprints up the stairs, taking two steps at a time (which must look rather undignified for a middle aged British male with a hard-on but John doesn't give a fuck right now). He rummages through the drawer of his bedside table, finds a pack of condoms – red, strawberry flavour, but sod it – and is down in their bedroom barely 30 seconds after leaving, tossing the blister pack in Sherlock's outreached hand. Sherlock frowns a bit when he sees the fancy label but John just shrugs and grins.
“Jesus, you really know what you are doing.” John pants.
“How do you want me?” A deep voice purs.
Sherlock is nervous as he steps inside the lift. This is his first client of the evening. He did fit the profile NSY had compiled on the killer to the dot. That’s why Sherlock was assigned to the job by the agency. They had agreed to send him to every man who requested specifically someone resembling the other victims and wanted to meet at a posh hotel in the city. This client had even made the characteristic spelling errors in his text message. Yet, Sherlock's not sure…
Wednesday: Much better. The room I'm in is stuffy, no window, but it's warm and dry and safe. I can hardly move. I miss you. I think about you constantly. I might even have asked for you in my agony, for the doctor wanted to know who John is. I couldn't tell him, could I?
“And about Mary...”
John has heard similar accounts and nods in understanding.
“No, of course not. At least not all the time.” John has calmed down a bit. The shock of nearly confessing his feelings to Sherlock has brought him to his senses. He has to be more careful, he reminds himself, slumping back into his chair, raising his hands in apology. “Just don't generalise your bleak views on humanity. Especially not regarding my family.”
“You did the right thing. Those people you saved... they got a second chance, because of you. They are alive.” John has to choke back a sob.
Suddenly, he had experienced the urgent need to flee the dingy flat, thereby escaping his feeble attempts at recreation, getting away from the smell of John and the remnants of their life together. He'd stormed off, leaving the detritus of his experiment littering the kitchen table.
“Nicely put, John. So, once a junky, always a junky?”
“Perhaps your great-uncle was into classical music too?” John offers.
“I am. Clean.” The man huffs in indignation.
“Two twentyfour.”
I took some liberties with Witold Pilecki (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Witold_Pilecki), the author of Witold's Report, the first comprehensive Allied intelligence report on Auschwitz concentration camp and the Holocaust. Though it is true that the British Government was informed during the war of the Holocaust, and did not even bomb the railway lines leading to the camps (http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/great-britain-and-the-holocaust).
The too-bright fluorescent light above the basin hums and flickers. They hold each other's gaze as Sherlock steps up behind John and puts both his hands on the shorter man's shoulders. He brushes his nose up the nape of John's neck before whispering into his ear: “Never talk to me like that again, John.”
“So, you’re seriously going?” John asks, trying to hide his irritation behind a mask of indifference.
Sherlock steps up behind him, tentatively puts his hands on John’s tense shoulders and leans his cheek against the crown of John’s head.
John's heart clenches as he looks down at the equally beautiful and infuriating man beneath him.
"How young?" Sherlock shoots back, frowning.
“Ok. Hamish.” Sherlock puts on one of his enigmatic smiles. “What do you have in mind for this evening?” He walks over to the king-size double bed and sits down at its edge, looking coyly up at his client from under his lashes while his long fingers start plucking at the duvet.
“Anything?” Sherlock tilts his head in this peculiarly unnerving way of his that gets John’s palms all sweaty while his heart flutters in his chest.
“Ok. Great.” John takes a deep breath and seems to steel himself before looking up. He frowns. “Listen, what we did... if you were uncomfortable with it...”
“Move a little.” He demands, being all elbows and legs, and John does, so that Sherlock can arrange his long limbs until he cradles John from behind. John rests the back of his head against a protruding collar bone, and it just feels lovely.
They both need a few minutes. John occupies himself with brewing two cuppas while William breathes in and out, counting to four, until his heartbeat slows down.
“That'll need stitches. Wait here.”
I went round to Irene's place after work. She wasn't pleased to see me there. I left her my address.
“Sherlock... ”
When Sherlock eventually has finished reading, they both stay silent for a while.
James is getting impatient, too. He wants to move forward. But there are no new orders. He reminds me a bit of you, all this pent-up energy. But he's not as beautiful as you are. God, I miss your pliant body beneath me, your long, white legs, your dark curls between them, your lovely, lovely cock.
For a short moment, he allows himself to image a future in which he might openly indulge in his happiness for everyone to see. A time in which he isn't forced to hide who he is, whom he loves and what he feels. He knows that it's a flight of fancy, but on this beautiful morning, heading towards a beautiful man, John Watson allows himself a little fanciful indulgence.
. Check her out on AO3 or tumblr lockedinjohnlock-podfics.tumblr.com
“But with Mary, it was different. She wasn't part of my work. I did it because I thought I wanted it... her.”
Suddenly, his door creaks. Please, not again! He can't cope with anything more right now. So he feigns sleep, closing his eyes, breathing evenly. But John is not remotely fooled by that.
“Please … go.” Sherlock whispers, sounding desperate and broken and weak and suffering and sick to death.
Sherlock sniggers, wrinkling his nose. “835. You kept your word.”
“Well, perhaps Dunbar was jittery? He's not a professional hitman after all.”
John empties his stale beer to wet his dry mouth, pulls a face, then gets up, swaying slightly. He yawns and stretches himself, spine cracking and is suddenly uncomfortably aware of Sherlock still watching him. If he notices that John's t-shirt is yanked up as he raises his arms above his head, displaying at least two inches of toned stomach as well as a trail of downy golden hair disappearing beneath the waistband of John's trousers, he doesn't avert his eyes.
Sherlock is startled. Where the hell did John pick up a woman? He drops the card on the table as if it's on fire.
He took me to a hotel. It was even more sordid than usual. He said he loved me. I feel sick.
, who not only reigned in my sometimes a bit overcomplicated writing but also added valuable advise regarding anatomy and pharmaceuticals.
John rubs his erection against Sherlock's upper thigh, moisture leaking through the thin fabric of his boxers, and Sherlock shudders as the wetness seeps through his pyjama bottoms and comes into contact with his quadriceps femoris.
In the evening.
Behave! He chastised himself. Breathe. Calm down. Think! But it was nearly impossible, for his head pounded, his stomach hurt and his shoulders felt tense. Transport. It's just transport, he reminded himself but his failing body made it hard to block out all the impressions that bombarded his senses. The shrill voices of the adipose women on the next table, discussing their menopause, the grinding of cutlery on china, the grinding of coffee beans in the gleaming Italian espresso maker, chairs scraping over the wooden floor, rustling clothes, clinking glasses, whispers, murmurs; in short, the unnerving white noise of everyday life. He wanted everybody to shut up, to stop moving, speaking, laughing - just for a few moments. He wanted peace of mind. He wanted to storm back home and lock himself in his quiet room.
“What happened?”
“Bollocks!” Sherlock almost yells and John is shocked by his fierce reaction. He'd just wanted to do the right thing, give Sherlock some space, time to adjust.
“Well, at least there's a notebook filled with an illegible scrawl. Some cipher? Shorthand? Could just be messy handwriting. But the letters are love letters.” John wiggles his eyebrows.
Shout-out to my patient beta
“You don't like him.” Sherlock says, sounding somewhat stunned.
It's suddenly very quiet in their flat. Sherlock just looks up at John, unblinking, not even blushing. Yet, John knows him, knows him well. He can spot the uncertainty behind his bold verve in the little twitch of Sherlock’s mouth, the bobbing of his Adam’s apple, his arched left eyebrow.
The silence stretches and it's becoming awkward. John looks down at his bare feet, then up again at his flatmate. It's too dark to be sure but John's quite certain that Sherlock is observing his movements from the corner of his eyes.
John huffs. Hysterical giggles rise up in his throat. “I was just wondering how you two met. I even joked about it... God, I'm such a daft prick sometimes.” John straightens his back, shaking his head.
Sherlock makes a sound that might have been meant to resemble a laugh but comes out more like a choke. He crosses his arms over his chest and his voice is pure vitriol when he tells John in a mockingly cooing tone: “Oh, that's so sweet of you, John, I come home and tell you that I got shagged – wait, there's a figure of speech – yes, ‘three ways to Sunday’ and you confess your love to me. What am I supposed to make of this? Shall I sink at your feet and say I'm sorry, that it will never happen again, that from now on there will only be you and me until happily ever after?”
“What makes you think I need protection?” Sherlock's voice is cold.
“Maybe next time,” Sherlock murmurs and despite his age and current shagged-out condition, John's cock gives a sympathetic twitch.
221b Baker Street
Sherlock never turns him down. He never complains or shies away. On the contrary, he's easily aroused and very adventurous, always coming up with new ideas to pleasure John, or for John to make love to him. When he stuck his tongue up John's behind for the first time, John nearly suffered a heart attack before coming more violently than ever before. Despite the utter shame he'd felt about this... practice, it stayed and was often repeated.
“More! I need it. Please, Sherlock...” John is reduced to a panting mess. It's glorious. Even his spent cock stirs and twitches, half hard and leaking.
I had a nightmare. I dreamt about hundreds of people screaming in fear and agony, their faces contorted in horror, pointing at me, tearing my flesh from my bones. Woke up in the small hours, drenched in sweat. John, what am I going to do? I need you.
John's shoulders drop. He rubs his stubbly jaw and closes his eyes as Sherlock starts to play some slow, sad tune. John wonders briefly if Sherlock is aware how telling his choice in sheet music is but can't bring himself to ask. It has been a long day, after all. They are both adults. Consenting adults. Everything is fine.
“I misbehaved. You were cross with me. So I ventured to make it up to you.”
John looks down at him, startled. He removes the hand slightly resting on Sherlock’s shoulder and steps back. “Sherlock... what are you doing? I feared you drowned. Then I thought I heard your voice. Everything all right?” He sounds worried and incongruous.
As John starts to wipe at Sherlock's face, the man stirs and comes slowly back to life.
“Exactly. That's quite telling, isn't it?”
I was sick all day. They started to round people up. It's Sunday, so most are at home. It's awful. People are crying in the streets, begging for their children's lives.
“What exactly are you…? Oh my god!”
“Sherlock, please... don't...”
John gasps. John groans.
“Listen, they need me. It's an emergency. I'll be back soon. Stop bleating. Keep yourself occupied. Don't you have some body parts to entertain yourself?” With that, John steps out in the cold, dark London morning and makes his way to the tube station, already overcrowded with grumpy fellow commuters.
I promised to write to you every day, so this is what I'm doing. We sailed from Portsmouth, bound for Port Said, so I've been told. There's already plenty to do. Most of the boys are seasick, one fell down the stairs and broke his leg. I'm helping the ship's doctor the best I can to stop thinking about you.
----------
“No, Sherlock, I'm not cross with you.” John sighs.
“What do you want? Who are you?” John leans forward in his seat.
As he feels getting close, he gets up and moves down Victor's body until he kneels between his spread legs. Victor's face is red and sweaty, dark curls plastered to his forehead, lips wet and swollen. John's hands gladly find his suit jacket, draped over one of the bedposts, to retrieve a condom.
“You know,” John mumbles against Williams lips, “Sherlock is actually a pretty good name, don't you think? Quite distinguished. Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective. Has a ring to it, you have to admit.”
Sherlock gets up, pushing his chair back but then has no idea what to do next. He stands in the middle of the kitchen and wonders if he should just leave. John's body, only inches away, is radiating scarcely suppressed rage. Sherlock suddenly knows that this will end badly.
It lasts until next Monday morning, when John meets a noticeably dismissive Abigail at Speedy's.
“How dare you drag my parents into this! Only because you were never able to sustain a functioning romantic relationship, that doesn't mean no one can!” It's a low blow, John knows it but Sherlock had it coming, abusing his mum and dad.
“I don't know. My unit has been stationed here for a few weeks already. They seem to gather forces around Naples before marching up against Rome. You?”
As an answer Sherlock fixes him with an unwavering stare.
“We don't have any time to waste, as you told me earlier. There's Vaseline in the drawer of the bedside cabinet.”
I have no idea where we are but I'm told we are on our way to Tunisia. For the first time in ages, I think we might win this bloody war.
John doesn’t go slow. In fact, he pushes in in one languid slide, all the way to the hilt. Sherlock’s hole spasm around the intruding cock as his eyes roll back in his head. The stretch is nearly too much; it burns, and Sherlock makes a small noise, squirms, tries to accommodate the huge cock breaching him – and then, as he thinks that he will finally drop out of his role and tell Hamish – John – to stop, the fireworks go off again.
Surprised, John didn't have the heart to push him away, despite still being mad about his race around London. He fully intended to find out what caused it but he couldn't bring himself to be hard and stern right now when Sherlock seemed so... Compliant. It was so rare he should treasure the moment really.
“Yes, it matters,
The DI’s mouth opened a few times and then closed. “Er, no thanks it’s just a quick one. How are you doing, now?”
"Even if what you had counted as normal, the point still stands. My little brother is as far from normal on social situations as you can get. Worse than me. Look at his relationships… what are they all built on? Anything surrounding the Work. But you…"
“Disobey me and find out.”
Mycroft wondered how long they had before the two women showed up again. He hoped it would be a good while. Sherlock needed the time to find his equilibrium.
“Turn back around, boy, and kneel.”
"Be a good boy and stay very, very still."
“Mycroft knows? Ah good.”
Moriarty snorted. “DI Lestrade is one hell of a man to get close to in his department, but we all know his infamous baby brother is where Mycroft's heart truly lies.”
“I know you’ll be good. You’re my good boy, but could you just shift slightly?”
. 13.08MB
“Is he alone?” the government official asked his own question in response.
When Sherlock placed Rosie in John's arms she fought and struggled until the doctor put her down. Then she charged at the two Holmeses and wrapped her little arms around their legs.
“If you feel like you are about to be pushed over the edge, you resist and ask permission. If I say no, you continue to resist. Is that understood?”
"Well you had to be at some point. You've got one Holmes hanging from the ceiling and the other knelt at your feet."
“Babe, don't worry about what I said, it was an idea, nothing more, Sherlock, I swear.”
“I'll quadruple the tally if you don't start addressing me properly.”
“No. I doubt it. He would keep to all the back alleys and he knows where all the cameras are.”
"Kneel there," John ordered Mycroft once he had set up the hateful enema bag.
The doctor chuckled, then leant forward and ratcheted the ring, pushing Sherlock's mouth wider and his teeth further apart than was comfortable. He waited to see if the sub snapped his fingers. When he didn't, he pressed his cock into his submissive's mouth and held his tongue flat at the base of his mouth with it.
Their sister looked in the direction Mycroft had been taken for several long seconds before she turned back to Sherlock. "You know the routine. Strip, then get back on your knees."
"Shut it, you," the Superintendent shot at Sherlock.
“Quiet, Sherlock. I don’t want to hear it. On your knees.”
Sherlock groaned and buried himself into John’s chest further. “So?”
Mycroft examined his fellow sub for a moment longer, he was expecting some comeback or childish retort when nothing came and the only acknowledgement was the tensing of his shoulders and his back twitched beneath his jacket he looked back at the doctor.
For a moment, Sherlock's mouth worked as if he didn't know how to respond. When he finally said something, it was a petulant, "I'm not a brat."
Irene petted Sherlock's curls absently as she regarded Mycroft. "Eurus, dear, I've always found it amusing that the Ice Man has issues with body image. He's actually quite lovely to look at."
He nodded. “Sherlock’s doing fine. Where’s the problem?”
“What?”
"Nope." Finn reached out and plucked the lego piece he had been looking for out of the piles on the floor. Even as he put the lego piece in place, Finn let out a huge yawn that seemed to split his face in two.
Sherlock smiled. “Vienetta. Sir.”
John walked out of the room and stopped beside Greg.
"Shut him up," Irene ordered. "Shut them both up, lock them in their cell."
John opened the cupboard door slowly, prepared to step back if the detective lashed out but he didn’t. He was curled up in a ball, sobbing uncontrollably, his shoulders trembling with heartfelt sobs.
Sherlock flinched. “I thought you knew, sir,” he said quietly. “My brother won’t let me out of his sight unless he knows who is coming and going.”
"Are you ready?"
“But-” the door slammed in his face and the DI climbed into the driver's seat.
"Thanks for getting me in trouble," Sherlock shot at his brother. He jogged over to the Doms without looking back.
Greg made a point of sighing heavily. "When you're quite ready!"
“Pet…?” John stepped forward when there was no response and leaned down to cup his cheek.
“But, I want to!” Finn got to his feet and tried to race passed the doctor, but John was having none of it he grabbed the little boy around the waist and dumped him back on the bed.
“Bollocks,” John hissed taking off after him.
“Of course. Once you learn to address me correctly all the time and are well on your way to becoming the submissive you should be, I shouldn’t have to worry about controlling that part of you. You should just let me. Now, yesterday when I left you alone, albeit momentarily, you tried to run. Though your cuffs will ensure you don’t get anywhere, you need to learn to keep still when I tell you to.”
"And stop glaring at me!" Mycroft grumbled with a huff. "You were hurting and John could stop it."
"I couldn't even leave you alone for five minutes, Sherlock!"
“Pet,” John interrupted, his tone was threatening and the sub knew it. He ducked his head. “Not good enough!” he clipped him on the back of the lowered head. “Apologise properly,” he ordered.
The alarm blared, his feet snapped together and pulled down, sharply. His hands cuffed together in front of him this time, luckily, because he could use them to break his fall and catch himself as he landed, his feet forced so close to the floor by the force around his cuffs, he was left in a press up position. It was either that or crush his hands. He looked over his shoulder and realised the force must have been a lot more powerful than he realised. Mycroft! If he had been able to think of that way out, so would his brother. He would have told John to install extra powerful magnets at the door. He groaned at the familiar sound of footsteps on the stairs, but this time they weren’t in a hurry. This time he knew he was screwed more than he had been the first time he had attempted this.
“Thank you, miss.”
The sub closed his eyes and hummed as he swayed. Despite everything, he was so relaxed he could actually have gone to sleep like this, almost had.
Mycroft's eyes darted to Sherlock and he tried to see what his little brother was thinking.
"Shoot him too!" Eurus demanded of the guard.
“Because I said so.”
"Yep." Greg flicked the light off on his way out, leaving Mycroft in the dark once more.
Sherlock tried to look innocent to no avail. "I don't know what you are talking about," he said haughtily.
“I know how people think I think. I can see it all, like a map inside my head. Everyone’s so stupid – even you. Or maybe God just loves me.”
The detective kept incredibly still as John played with him. All the way up until there was a knock on the door and the British Government was holding a tray.
“You’ll take 20 with the paddle to start the day, Sherlock.”
John nodded his head once, then looked away. He let Sherlock wipe his mouth with a cloth then told him to turn around and put his hands behind his back.
“Come on, mate.”
Greg leant over the banister. “What is it? What?”
John smiled, that had come far quicker than he had expected, especially from what his older brother had said and what he had witnessed so far. “You may.”
"No," John ordered, keeping his pace and his stroking up and down, all the while fiddling with the clamps on his pet's nipples.
“Yes, sir. Sorry, sir. But there is nothing left to prevent, sir.”
"Suck, Sherlock." He ordered and at the same time, flicked a switch.
“None of it was your fault,” John pointed out. “Well, hiding in the lab was your fault. But the shit with Moriarty and those Doms certainly wasn’t.” Just really bad luck, he didn’t add.
Mrs. Hudson finally unfroze and hugged Sherlock. "Oh, Im just so happy for you. I knew you two were right for each other that very first day."
"How long?" was all Sherlock could think to ask. If the answer was forever, well, there were actions he could take as soon as he got away from Greg and Mycroft.
Irene lashed out with the cane and caught Sherlock's bollocks with the tip.
“You need the loo?”
Sherlock resisted making so much as a sound. He wouldn't have dignified that statement with a response if he could have. When his sister cupped his jaw, however, he cringed. He hoped she wasn't going to start actively participating like Irene.
“You don’t need to tell me, John. I would be more than willing to tell him off myself. I know what he is doing now, my Dom told me about the case this morning. But there is no need for the car, I know where he will be when he is done.”
John had thought that had gone rather well. He’d already managed to teach the younger man to hold his tongue, so for that achievement alone John didn’t put his tally up. The detective had smiled slightly when John voiced this and then sent him back to his unpacking.
“Can you just punish me and get it over with?” he snapped. Yes he’d snuck into a room he knew he wasn’t allowed into, yes he had known there would be consequences if he was caught, yes he knew the rules would be more strictly enforced now, yes he had hidden to avoid detection, yes he had gotten caught. Why couldn’t they just get on with it?
He attached the leash to the floor. “Present, boy.”
John went about removing the cuffs from the stool, but once he was free Sherlock didn’t move, even though the position would have been extremely stressful after so long.
As he delved through his Mind Palace, he could see how the cases had escalated and the pattern developed. He had soon come to the same conclusion that Mycroft clearly had to put him in such a state.
"Verbal response would be good, Sherlock."
John was sure he would be baring his teeth if he could.
It was what John wanted, but it didn't work. The water kept flowing.
"Break from what?"
"Who do you think it is?"
"And then he is sucking me because I am rock hard," Greg said, laughing.
The detective took Finn's small hand in his. "You can come back now," he said with a soft smile for the little boy.
"Am I wrong?" Eurus asked.
"Oi!" Greg barked.
Sherlock grumbled as they scuffled for a while. He somehow managed to spin over beneath the older man. "I was running for food, why are you stopping me?"
The Holmeses both looked down at their restrained members. The way the other two men just wandered about without much thought for their lack of… arousal, made them pout and frown.
Mycroft wanted nothing more than to say 'let me have coffee' but he refrained from doing so even as Greg fell incredibly still beside him. Not having coffee didn't seem so bad when the Dom bent and started pressing kisses to the dip of his spine just above the rise of his arse. It did begin to seem bad when Greg suddenly rolled on top of him and froze. Beneath him, Mycroft groaned, getting pushed into the bed.
"Yes, sir. I'll count, sir," he said quickly.
Sherlock didn't know what to do. He wanted to kneel, but didn't want to at the crime scene. He also didn't know where his ‘wanting to please John’ attitude had gone.
"Let him flop around until he's too tired to move. Sir." Mycroft turned his head and kissed Greg on the cheek. "By then, you'll have thought of something."
But if he pulled away from Irene, he hurt his brother. And he meant more to him then the revulsion Irene's touch made him feel. It was a matter of seconds before he realised that was exactly what she had been after.
"On your feet!" Irene snapped in the older Holmes' direction.
It wasn't like he had to plan a way back in this time, which was where he had shot himself in the foot a few weeks ago.
The detective rested his forehead on his wrists as he fell quiet. If John would just rub his cock a little more... it wasn't satisfying, couldn't be, not the way he was currently locked up. God, he hoped John wouldn't keep him in the humbler all evening.
Trust his brother to get a bloody doctor for a Dom.
"Oh yes. But they didn't have the impact on the pair of them that the TV said it would."
"Thanks," John said as he examined his fingers. Sherlock hadn't broken the skin, but they hurt like hell.
Mycroft then left the room and came back a few minutes later with a massive tub of ice cream and a dvd boxset.
“But, he-”
The doctor placed an arm around Sherlock's waist and pulled him into his lap. He kissed him again, then started nibbling his way around to his boy's earlobe.
The sub flinched, he had angered his Dom and now he needed to face the consequences, he didn’t have to like it though. “Under the bed,” he muttered petulantly.
"Sure thing." The doctor kissed the corner of Sherlock's mouth.
“He’s Douglas, sir, Douglas Graham. An… old acquaintance from university, sir.”
“Yes, sir.” Just be good. Just be good. Be good and he’ll leave. Unless… maybe John had got bored of him like everyone else… maybe instead of sending him back to Mycroft, John was going to pass him over like a loaf of bread. It was well within his rights. There was nothing Sherlock could do, seeing that the only phone he had access to was the one for emergencies in the kitchen drawer. His Dom had said earlier that he’d contacted him because he wanted advice on a business like John’s. Maybe Sherlock would be his first client? He took another involuntary step backwards. John tightened the grip on his leash, forcing the younger man to take a step forward, putting him back where he had just been.
“Good, pet.” He pushed his hand into Mycroft's hair and glanced at the doctor.
“I don’t mean to be rude by interrupting, but my brother has been an awfully long time in the toilet.” Any other time, Mycroft would have been smug, getting ‘one-up’ on his brother was enough to do that, but now, he just seemed respectful albeit regrettable.
"How long before you love me again?"
“You escaped this morning to prove a point, didn’t you? And the other day. The only time you genuinely wanted to leave was that first afternoon. You’re proving you’re clever, that you can find a way out.”
Sherlock was scowling when he brought in two hot, steaming mugs.
"You want to submit?"
“Well, which one, then?”
When he didn’t get a response he reappeared at the door, frowning slightly. “What do you say?”
"This is one of many. We designed them," John laughed. "Greg dealt with everything else."
John had allowed Sherlock to work on a cold case that early morning before breakfast, but had put him on the chair and left him there, his cock was still in its cage so he got no satisfaction from the stimulation. He was learning to ignore it, but not very well. Even the smallest of movements set his cock fighting for its freedom.
“Finn, make sure he doesn’t try and escape.”
The doctor shrugged towards the older men and dragged Sherlock from the office and towards the door of the club.
“Greg, I don’t know how he’s pulled this off but he’s gone.”
Greg scooped the little boy up and laughed over the top of his head towards the two men slowly walking up the beach. “Whenever your dads say you can.”
John slapped the crop down, hard on the table. He had taken to carrying it around with him in the house. It was easier to catch Sherlock's misdeeds when he carried it and it was quicker to grab his attention. The snap of the crop made the detective jerk in surprise and then groan as he shifted the dildo inside him.
“Spread your legs. I’m going to take the cage off.”
Neither, it seemed, was Greg. “Right, yeah, thanks,” he yelled after him sarcastically. “And…?”
“Daddy, what’s wrong with Finn?” Beth asked, tugging Greg’s sleeve.
"You're track record is against you, 'Lock." Mycroft grasped him by the wrist and held on tight. "Now behave like a good boy. No more running."
"He's got the girls. He only wants to know if you would like to meet up with the four of them for lunch later and spend the afternoon on the beach."
“Why not?” John let his eyebrow raise in question.
Sherlock moaned something that sounded suspiciously like “Piss off.” John ignored him, but vowed to come down heavy if the attitude wasn’t gone in an hour.
The boy just grunted, not looking at his Dom, but staring at a spot to the left of his foot.
Sherlock looked down when he realised he'd been noticed.
Sherlock looked away, but John tightened his grip in his hair. “When Mycroft found out, the sod ran, and at the time his position within the government wasn’t quite as strong as it is now… He couldn’t find him.”
“Thank you, pet.”
“Remove your trousers,” the doctor ordered.
“Pet?” It was barely more than a growl but was clearly a threat.
“Ouch,” Sherlock winced in sympathy. “From your Dom?”
That thought made him think of John, and that was the last thing he wanted to do. It would distract him but he didn't want to compare the two of them. Comparing John and Irene would make him think of the dominatrix whenever he was with his husband.
He jerked his head in the affirmative once. “Yes, sir. Can I ditch these clothes now, please?”
Eurus clapped. "I should have invited you here earlier."
God, Sherlock wished for John. Just because he knew how to handle this didn’t mean he liked it. John had shown him a better way – the right way according to him. John always knew what to do, he was supposed to appear around about now; save him. Protect him. He knew now that his Dom wasn’t on ‘their’ side, he was on Sherlock's and he wanted to look after his sub, he hated it when he got hurt.
“You’re a-”
John stepped out of the playroom and closed the door.
It felt comfortable laying over John's lap. Greg was amazed how much he had missed this. At the first smack of the Dom's hand on his arse, he yelped.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You are being-“
"Interesting." Sherlock approached the apparition eagerly. "Don't be ridiculous, Hudders, that's an it not a he, as I have already tried explaining to John."
Sherlock shook his head slightly.
When Irene Adler was shown in by one of the staff, her sub crawled behind her, in leather trousers and a low top that wasn't too revealing. She and John had standards they both adhered to.
Sherlock grinned and tried to pull his arm free.
"What?" John asked, but the government official said nothing else.
“Anyway, I should go and tell John.” He got to his feet but Kate looked nervous.
"If Sherlock gets to keep his suit, I will not-"
Good, John thought. He was glad, he might not have to drag this out as long as he had intended.
Eurus shrugged and let her brother go, she didn't intend to let Irene go anyway, she was having fun.
"Go away."
With a grumble, the government official ducked his head and dropped to his knees.
“Yes, sir.”
It ended up being close to three hours before Sherlock began to shift and move.
"I know that, sir." Sherlock took a sip of his hot chocolate, his eyes closing as the flavour burst over his tongue.
“Victim is in her late thirties. A sub but a professional person, going by her clothes; I’m guessing something in the media, going by the rather alarming shade of pink.” He paused to frown at it for a moment as if really noticing it for the first time. “She travelled from Cardiff today, intending to stay in London for one night. It’s obvious from the size of her suitcase.”
"Why not?"
"No. He doesn't scare me. He can be scary sometimes."
"Put your hands behind your back."
His sister hadn't been exaggerating when she had said it was heavy. It hung between his legs, pulling on his bollocks, cold and unforgiving metal.
The detective hugged Finn. “She's 6 months old. So half a year. You could help us with her.”
"Boring."
Mycroft felt extremely awkward as he crossed the room and dropped to his knees beside his Dom.
“Harry is short for Harriet.”
Irene stared at her, waiting for her to finish her sentence. Finally she couldn't take it anymore. "What?!"
"Half way through episode 3," Mycroft added. "And he didn't actually complain once."
He tugged at his collar and pushed, playing with it under his fingers. Sherlock tensed and John heard a broken sob cut off at the bar of soap. He released the collar making sure it was still tight to Sherlock's neck.
She turned back to Eurus. "Absolutely. Just let me get the other plug into Mycroft." Irene filled the second plug with ice and, after stretching him with lubed fingers, worked it into him. "Now that's done, we can let the boys enjoy some time together."
He took his sub’s hand and encouraged him towards the door. He knew from past experience that Panic showed itself in many different forms, but as long as the boy wasn’t hurting himself John didn’t care which form it took. He just wanted Sherlock safe.
Sherlock turned his face away to look at the door and not his Dom.
There was nothing Sherlock could do to struggle now, any movement would send him toppling sideways.
"They're acting shifty and I'm fairly certain the pair of them will leg it in any second."
Sherlock didn't look up but he felt instantly guilty.
“Quiet, Sherlock, I’ll deal with you in a minute.”
John glanced up from his cooking to see the spectre focused on him. It was a creepy feeling. "Um, yeah. I think you have a point. I'll cook later."
"James Moriarty. His games. Who do you think was pulling his strings? It's ok, Mycroft didn't work it out either."
"But, sir-"
“We could play monopoly,” Sherlock suggested, watching for the look on Mycroft's face.
“He is no doubt following a lead.”
She just shook her head in response. “And nothing. But you are a soft touch, John.”
“Mmm.” The detective’s head immediately tucked underneath his Dom’s chin and with a deep breath he closed his eyes.
"No, sir."
John cut him off holding his finger to his pet's lips. "Irene... I severed all ties with her the last time she was here. I didn't appreciate her response to you in Panic and decided I didn't want nor need her company or business any longer. A Dom that ignores or punishes something that's beyond a subs control isn't someone I want to be associated with. I'd have reacted in the same way with any sub, not just you."
"Having fun pet?"
“Ask, sir.”
Sherlock had frozen, waiting to see what the reaction was before he intervened. He got down on the floor with the children. "Finn, that wasn't very nice. I think you and Amy should help Beth sort the pieces. I'll help."
It took a while, but the sub was eventually calm enough to follow the older man out of the bedroom and towards the stairs. “Yes, sir.” Even now he was being shown kindness. He watched the Dom’s hand around his as they walked.
Download from
He held up his phone. "Now about that call-" He quickly pulled up Mycroft’s number and rang him. When the government official answered, Sherlock said, "Brother dear. Get Lestrade and bring him over. There's something Finn wants to tell the both of you."
“Will they stop staring at each other now?” Finn asked, eyes wide in confusion still.
“Billy. He contacted him again. Obviously thinking he would be dumb enough to ignore the threats from police about cooperation.”
“Repeat back to me what your orders are.”
"And if they haven't?"
She seemed to be pleased that he didn't respond. It gave her an excuse to grab his cock and twist it. When Sherlock opened his mouth to cry out, she shoved the dildo shaped gag between his teeth and quickly buckled it in place. "There, you're mouth looks especially pretty now."
The whole time this had been going on, Sherlock had listened to his Dom's voice, completely content.
"John, may I have a word?" Mycroft asked glancing at his brother's Dom. It had been a solid 3 hours and Sherlock hadn't said a word. He had eaten a fair bit of his pizza though, which had surprised them all.
He rubbed his thigh in a comforting way, “I know, pet. You’re doing well.” He went back to fiddling with the buckles and then crawled up between his legs. “I’m going to let you out now.” At that he nodded eagerly and the doctor couldn’t help but chuckle.
The sub grunted as the metal ball thudded his insides as it settled. He felt the Dom fiddling with the weird thing in his arse straight away, tugging it and twisting it. “It’s an anal hook, Sherlock. A means of control. You won’t get it out on your own.”
"Kneel beside me, pet," Greg ordered, sitting next to John.
"Stop it!" Greg's voice was incredibly stern. "You not only exploded your little lab, you disobeyed John to do it."
John took him to the den where he collapsed in one of the comfy chairs. Sherlock smiled when he assumed what was coming next. John shook his head. “I haven’t finished punishing you yet. Lay down.” John knew this was harsh, but he needed a decent reminder.
“He charged into a jewellers armed with a hand gun, shot the owner and the customer.”
John brought it down again, just below the last.
“I’m so sorry, pet, I shouldn’t have left you alone with him.”
It seemed odd to Sherlock, seeing his brother knelt beside his own chair, behind his own desk, in his own office. He'd never got to see this when he lived with them, Greg had tried to Dom him, always on Mycroft’s say so and he had just ignored it. Bloody idiot brother was distracted by his Dom so badly he couldn’t even see the obvious, couldn’t see how numerous break ins weren’t even noticed.
John set about cleaning up the mess he’d left his house in over the last few days and left Sherlock where he was. He could bloody well wait after the Dom had waited 4 days.
“You didn’t bring my cushion, sir?”
"Lock, stop winding them up," Mycroft whispered.
John watched in horror, Sherlock was staring at a small bottle in his hand, but they were too far to see what was in it.
Sherlock didn't quite know how to react to that, just locked his knees so he wouldn't collapse to the shower floor. He felt like he should be the one on his knees for John. It was all so confusing and it shouldn't be. That's why he liked having John in charge. He didn't like having to think so much. Soon, however, his Dom drove all thought from his mind.
“Who are you?” Sherlock asked without caution. He didn't care anymore. What did he have left to lose after all?
John leant over and took them. With his tongue stuck out in concentration, he struggled with the two pieces until they finally snapped together.
Sherlock nodded once and refrained from telling her she was being obvious. “It's upstairs.” That was when he realised he hadn't been given permission to go up there alone. He doubted John would want him to. He hadn't done since they'd returned from the case.
John was glad the boy had moved for the comfort, he sat there with him for no more than 5 minutes then got to his feet, they needed to get this over with and get back to Mycroft. “Right, 60 with the usual paddle or 20 with the tough one? Your choice.”
“I like it when we cuddle,” the sub admitted sheepishly. “Why do I have to sleep on my own?”
As Sherlock cleaned, he considered his next steps. He needed to see the location that he had found. He just didn't know when he would get a chance. The building the coordinates led to was odd. It couldn't possibly be a coincidence that it led to one of the most known buildings in London.
“Monogamy.”
“He said you were watching. That I had to say goodbye...”
John nodded once, his back straight. “Sit down.”
John glanced at the tray on the coffee table and shook his head. “No. That will be everything, thank you Elsie.”
The following morning when Sherlock awoke, he wasn’t cold, which he was quite surprised to find, but he was groggy. Usually John woke him up and they sat and drank tea before going downstairs. He could kneel with his head against the Dom’s leg and be fed toast and fruit. His gaze settled on the tray beside him, on it, a glass of water, a bowl of fruit and two slices of toast. Sherlock sniffed back a sob.
Sherlock turned his nose up and thought about getting to his feet. "You've got my brother hanging from the ceiling. What the bloody hell were you expecting?"
"I told you not to spill anything, Sherlock. Are you trying to disappoint me?"
“Ready to celebrate now?”
"Drop to your knees where you are, Sherlock."
“Sir, I didn’t-”
“Oh, yes, according to Donovan he just took off. I had been hoping it was only for a few minutes but I am clearly mistaken. I’ll phone your sub if you don’t mind?”
“You brat,” he hissed, snatching it off him and dropping it on the seat. “How dare you try and...” he trailed off. He couldn’t punish the boy in this frame of mind.
"Mm, yes, sir."
"B-but-"
“You were busy with Donovan, sir,” Sherlock pointed out, hoping that was enough of an answer if a slight lie.
“No, sir,” he offered quietly.
"Shit," Mycroft hissed. "You're cuffed as well."
This chapter was fun to write
Greg frowned. “He isn't downstairs?”
John didn’t respond and the lad added on a belated, “sir.”
Sherlock had the sense to look slightly ashamed and John watched the blush creep up his neck behind the collar.
"Somnambulism."
Finn was shaking his head into the pillow.
John was having a great time of it. It surprised him how much he was enjoying tickling his pet's feet with the gentle pressure he was using.
He took his hand and led him into the room, over to the bed.
“Sir, p-please don't m-make me say it.” He screwed his eyes shut, looking at John wasn't helping.
"Keep being a brat and I will tie you up how you were last night."
“The cabbie is not going to answer it!”
Mycroft laughed. "Just tell him it's his own fault. He shouldn't have made you wear it in the first place."
Finn grabbed up the instructions and pointed at the bit he was stuck on. The boy was right, he had the correct pieces.
"I'm used to them, sir," he said eventually, his attention back on the floor again.
“No! Actions have consequences. If I were you, boy, I would learn that fast.”
He hadn’t bothered to let Sherlock know he was home. He was usually busy and now he was sure that he wouldn’t even think of entering somewhere he wasn’t allowed. He knew that Sherlock was intelligent… he was a genius, but he could be daft. He did daft better than anyone he knew, but since the incident with being caught in John’s room, Sherlock had avoided that part of the corridor completely, it was actually quite comical.
Download from
When his eyes next flickered open, John ran his index finger under his chin. “Now, young man, would you care to explain your attitude earlier?” He was sure he knew already, but just wanted clarification.
“John, look at this.” He gazed around at everyone buzzing about. “When did this happen?”
“Yeah. He’s in sub containment.”
“Shh, pet,” John interrupted. “Let’s get you cleaned up, shall we?”
"He wants it rough. You can't get much rougher than what he got this morning." Greg's face lit up. "You could always use a cane on him."
"Yes, sir," Mycroft whispered.
Sherlock crossed the room instantly, but with caution. He didn’t know what he expected from John when he reached him. Even so, he dropped to his knees as he had been ordered.
The sub snapped his eyes open straight away and saw his Dom holding him upright. "I'm not going to ask you what's wrong again, so out you come."
. 11.45MB
“Do you want to look at that case now?” John offered, knowing he needed to distract his boy for a while.
His phone buzzed in his pocket and he got to his feet.
“Feeling punished enough yet?” he asked.
John led his sub into the front room by the hand and the detective froze on sight of the other couple already sat in the room. He glanced briefly at the Dom in his chair, anger etched into his face but was doing admirably at remaining calm. The sub had his head low and the leeway allowed from the leash was minimal, keeping the kneeling man's head tilted to the side, close - but not on - the Dom's knee.
Irene noticed immediately. "What's wrong with him, Ice Man? Tell me he hasn't gone into that Mind Palace of his." She stepped up to the detective and gave him a couple of slaps to the face.
“Even better, pet. For that I’ll take one lap off the amount I was going to make you do. Now come back.”
"Eurus!" He yelled immediately.
Greg reappeared with more water that he offered to the sub and which Sherlock accepted. The detective drank the cool liquid appreciatively.
John and Greg discussed the case Sherlock had hurt himself on and how far they'd gotten with the evidence the detective had provided, John tried to include him, tried to praise him to get his attention but Sherlock just nibbled on the pizza.
Eurus completely ignored that. "You are such a naughty boy, upsetting Irene so much. I'll deal with her. She shouldn't have lost her temper." The youngest Holmes finished examining her brother. "There's no broken skin, but these welts are hideous. Stay here and I'll get something for them."
Sherlock had expected to be taking into the bedroom, but John just kept pulling him along towards the door.
John shook his head and shifted so he could see the washing machine. He has had Sherlock put the curtains in there for a spin, then he would deal with them. He put his attention back to his boy’s caged cock, teasing it through the bars.
“I’m not stupid, boy, and you’re fairly intelligent yourself. You no doubt have already thought of many plans which will likely fail. I’m just saving you the hassle.” He turned to the wall where he removed a small chunk of it on a hinge revealing a metal ring, then end of the leash was attached to it, and John used the new technology to his advantage when locking it.
John looked up, startled from his laptop screen, and the room layout he was planning. Sherlock was in the doorway, his posture was confident where he leant against the doorframe, his hands clasped in front of him, but his voice had been small and slightly… insecure?
“You don’t have to tie me down, sir.” Sherlock was glaring pointedly at the Dom’s hands which had encircled his wrists so he could attach the cuffs to the stool.
When the younger man realised that John was following he let his hand go and charged up to the cab. But he was too slow and it pulled away before he got a chance to talk to the passenger.
"No... sir." Mycroft dropped his gaze to the floor. "I don't want to be left alone."
Mycroft nodded his head once, but Sherlock ignored him.
Irene followed the detective's gaze. Seeing what was happening, she tutted. "No, no, no. That will never do." The Dominatrix crossed over and placed a hand on the guard's arm. "Your stance is all wrong and the way you swing the crop-" She shook her head. "Let me give you some pointers."
"So much power at the tips of my fingers," the Superintendent agreed. "I should make him wear a plug to his next meeting so he'll be thinking of me the whole time and how he kneels to me."
“Sorry, sir,” he apologised immediately.
As the Dom had been speaking he had unbuttoned his waistcoat. Sherlock was watching him cautiously, but he didn’t actually flinch back, for which John was quite proud.
"I'll pay you."
“Run!” Finn yelled.
"Leave him tied like that. It's got to be more uncomfortable than leaning on a bench."
John watched him for a moment, doubting his words, before petting his good leg.
The first one had caught him by surprise. The second had landed directly over the first and hurt a lot more than he expected. The third had come down so fast that it blended in with the second.
His phone buzzed and he glanced at it with a heavy sigh. He left it buzzing to itself and held the mug up. “Can I get a refill?”
“I snuck out of my room without permission.”
Sherlock started thrashing about, despite the position he was in.
“You softie.”
The other 3 men watched him closely. If he noticed, he was ignoring them, he couldn't help but dwell on what Mycroft had said. His brother simply didn't understand. Sherlock was doing what he had to do to keep John happy. He understood him better than Mycroft ever could.
Cautiously, the sub moved to do what he was told and John sat back on the sofa, wondering how much further he would have to take this.
The sub flinched and went back to staring at the carpet beneath his feet, he hated the punishment side of the room, even the carpet was less friendly than the other side.
When he didn’t obey, John pushed him down into the carpet, sitting on his back to keep him still. He removed the cuffs from his hands and feet wondering if they had been too tight to affect the boy’s already shocking attitude.
When he reached the sitting room he knocked briefly before walking in.
"But nothing. That wasn't part of the deal!" John cut him off.
Sherlock snarled at that, beginning to thrash again.
"Safeword now if you want this to stop, if not you are in so much more trouble."
Sherlock's head snapped up, his fury matching his brother. "Myc, what about John? Rosie... Greg? Eurus, let us go right now!"
“Shh, it’s alright. What’s up?”
The DI nodded once. “Thanks.”
“Go. Now. I’ll deal with you when we get back to the station.”
"How?"
“No, sir. I can hold it.”
John had never met a sub so intent on finding trouble, but he did concede he had never met a sub quite like Sherlock before. The boy never ceased to amaze him.
As slowly as was humanly possible, the younger man unbuttoned his trousers and let them fall to the floor in a puddle around his feet. Knowing Mycroft as well as he did, he wouldn’t let his little brother dress in cheap clothes, especially not whilst living with him. John, therefore knew that his trousers were just as expensive as his own if not more so. It angered the Dom the way Sherlock had left them in a heap at his feet. He pointed at them and waited until the sub got the hint. The younger man picked them up and shook them once in the Dom’s face before throwing them over the baseboard of the bed, he hadn’t taken his eyes off the blond as if he was trying to prove a point.
She chuckled. “Yes, that’s Sherlock. I wasn’t criticising you, Doctor Watson.”
As soon as he felt his neck was loose enough, the detective lowered his head.
He held it out.
"Good. Then get that shirt on and a jacket and let's go. I'm starving!"
"Good doggy."
Mycroft looked away and then closed his eyes. "What do you expect me to say?"
"Have a sip of your tea. And pass mine up."
"Shut it. Get on the floor. On your knees."
"Shut it!" John barked, his tone raised significantly. He was loud enough to make Sherlock flinch and still for a moment.
"You came here of your own accord, Miss Adler," Mycroft pointed out.
Finn poked his tongue out from around Mrs. Hudson’s legs and Sherlock laughed.
“I’m sorry, sir.”
Irene approached nervously, keeping her eyes downcast. She didn't want to appear to be trying to take charge.
John ran his hand over his boy's chest, watching as his chest rose and fell.
Rosie brightened at that and kissed him on the cheek. "You have to come too Uncle Mycroft and Greg." She let herself be put down.
"Were you planning on going out without telling me?" John yelled from the top of the stairs.
The detective knew he had fucked up royally. He wanted attention, yes, but not from an impersonal machine. He wanted John inside him!
“I… Um…” Greg glanced at his fellow Dom looking for help.
“Well it’s clearly from your brother given the engraving.” He cut off. “I mean an engraving from your brother, that’s a bit weird don’t you think?”
He waited half an hour for the scan results to come through with coordinates. Frowning at them, he pulled up a map of central London, the cause was close.
After a few hours of playing chess, John took him downstairs into the basement. Not many houses had basements anymore, but he had specifically wanted one. He led the detective inside by the hand and smiled at the gape of a reaction. Sherlock’s mouth preformed the perfect ‘o’ as he took in his surroundings. It was basically a lab, a few work benches, a Bunsen burner and some dishes.
“Oh yes,” the older Holmes said with a nod. “I remember that. You got him off of a murder charge. Out of prison?”
“Yes, sir,” Sherlock didn't know whether to be happy or sad that John was staying. Happy, because he got to spend time with the doctor and it helped ease his guilt, or sad because it meant he wasn't trusted. He was glad he hadn't had his violin taken away, it was on the list of punishments that had been agreed, but he had to admit, just knowing he had disappointed his Dom and lost his trust was far worse than losing his violin for a few days.
“I know what’s going through your head Sherlock. I don’t need to be a Holmes, nor your Dom to see it. In fact, I don’t think either of them do.”
The detective looked up to say something, but John held his hand up. “Don't.”
The government official groaned. He wanted an orgasm so badly, but he knew he'd never be able to stand seeing his brother being treasured whilst he knelt in the corner or some such. "A walk on the beach, sir," he said, defeated.
He glared at the notebook pointedly for a moment, before sitting upright and folding his arms, they'd taken his shit jacket before they'd locked him in the cell. It just felt odd without it. He settled for shoving his hands into his trouser pockets instead.
At last, the detective shook his head, coming back to reality. “What?” He snapped looking up at his Dom.
"Let's see if I can do something about that." Mycroft reached out in the darkness, finding Sherlock's shoulder and running his hand down to the ropes that bound his wrists. It would take time, but the government official thought he would be able to work the ropes loose.
The doctor chuckled as he used the small wartenburgh wheel to run it over Sherlock's feet.
“I ate the pear.”
Mycroft stretched his neck and looked in the car door. When he saw his brother's predicament, he had to turn away to keep from laughing. He knew that would be highly inappropriate. "Causing trouble, is he, sir?"
"You are a wicked man," the Superintendent said happily.
From out of nowhere, Moriarty pulled a gun, he spun it around on his finger by the trigger guard.
This time Greg slapped him. "I've told you several times to shut it. John, could you fetch a gag please?"
Obediently, the guard fired a dart into Mycroft. In moments, he was left hanging limply from the hook overhead.
The landlady patted him on the shoulder as he turned on his toe to face the owner of the man's voice.
John untangled his hand and ever so briefly ran it down Sherlock's neck.
“I’d be more inclined to accept Finn’s help than yours.”
His own Dom dropped a hand in his curls, and he tried his hardest not to push up into the comfort those few fingers offered.
“Yes, sir.”
They picked him up and dropped him again, this time in the specified spot.
Greg laughed softly. "I think you're right, pet." He looked at the laptop only to see that Sherlock had managed to flip himself onto his back. "I don't know what we're going to do with that one."
The Superintendent glanced at John and this time it was the deep stern tone of the army captain yelling.
He threw the phone at his sub, knowing Sherlock would catch it, even though he was still cuffed.
He slid a little plug from his pocket It was small enough not to be a nuisance, but big enough for the sub to feel it.
He didn't want to argue, so the detective sipped at it. He understood what John was saying and, yes, perhaps his Dom needed to stay on top of his temper, but wasn't it Sherlock's fault for rousing it in the first place? No matter the angle one looked at it, this had been his own fault. John must know that too, deep down because... "You haven't called my anything but Sherlock since I unpacked your bag." As soon as he had said it, he ducked his head.
Returning with the machine, John watched the other Dom as he teased Sherlock. "Now what's he done?" he asked as he set the machine down.
"Tea on a tray, please."
John was quick but paced himself and the strokes to ensure they covered his whole arse. After 10 he could feel the heat radiating off the younger man’s arse.
Irene smirked, tightening the cuffs around the government official's wrists.
John grabbed a handful of curls and forced his sub's head back, making his back and neck arch beautifully. "Go ahead, Greg. I'll hold him whilst you do your work."
If anyone had seen him; if John had seen him, he'd have thought him mad. Grinning like he was at the gun.
Once more, Sherlock obeyed. As John had been using his hand for the last couple of days, there was no redness to his cheeks at all. All he was presented with was nice pale flesh. He pinched him and Sherlock snorted. “Well, that was uncalled for, sir.”
“I don’t know, sir. Something feels… odd.”
John stared after him… how can someone that ate so little and didn’t sleep much more have so much energy?
Sherlock whimpered when John moved away.
The boy lowered himself to the floor without a word of complaint, but he looked thoroughly hurt and confused. He cuffed his hands in front of him, forcing the boy to push up on his toes so they weren’t crushed beneath him like they could have been earlier and then he cuffed his feet. Sherlock growled silently. This Dom was clever.
"No apology, no play time," the doctor said sternly. He refused to let himself be moved when the little boy's bottom lip began to tremble. "It's your choice, Finn."
Sherlock physically tensed beneath the hand carding through his hair. He didn’t want to speak about that… about them, they weren’t happy memories.
It was clear John was testing the younger man's patience as he moved about the room. He knew the boy's senses would be on overdrive trying to deduce what he had planned for him, but he'd get nothing. John was picking up and moving toys he had no intention of using just to mess with him. He wanted the scene to be a surprise to the sub, not play out something Sherlock knew was coming.
"No, John. Honest,"
“Good.”
"Well… there was an incident here a few years ago. These two turned up, thinking they could fool me."
John rolled his eyes. "He's in a petty mood now. He'll sulk for hours."
“C’mon then, pet, let’s get you sorted.”
Download from
"What do you say?" Irene asked.
He kept his foot propped up on the arm of the chair and rolled over into the back of the sofa.
Despite himself, the sub sucked in his breath and wriggled a bit before he forced himself to be still.
“Good. Count, pet.”
“Go on, Freak, shoo.”
John let Sherlock climb for half an hour while he set the several blankets out and the mini stools so they wouldn’t get cold from the ground. The boy had changed trees 3 times, and it was on the third tree John knew what he was up to, it made him laugh.
John collapsed back in the sofa beside where the detective knelt and rang the bell.
"Oh yes, at the hospital."
“Well, that's when I'm interviewing you again,” she took him by the arm and dragged him back towards the cell none too gently. He was sure that if she could get away with it, she'd have cuffed him and paraded him around the entire Yard laughing the whole while.
He wouldn’t have been able to hear them, they were talking in hushed voices by the door to a busy and loud corridor, even Sherlock’s super hearing wouldn’t have been able to hear that.
Sherlock’s hands were clenching and unclenching but he nodded. “No, sir. You were right. I’m glad you know.”
He unchained the leash from the hole in the floor and covered it up again.
“Yes, sir.”
He pressed him back down over the table while he dealt with the dildo and located the control plug. It felt small compared to what Sherlock had just accommodated and it didn't give him that spark either. He kicked out at the table in complaint.
“About your previous relationships.”
Sherlock took off up the stairs and knelt beside the door to the playroom, even now he never went in unaccompanied.
John sighed, shaking his head slowly, almost sadly. He remained above his anger, some way which Sherlock didn’t know.
“Sir, I don’t know if I can do this.”
Sherlock needed space to think about everything that had just been said but he decided against asking or just leaving, instead he sighed and tried to get comfortable. The truth of Mycroft's situation today did make sense.
John folded his arms. "Oh, boy, should I now?"
Finn glanced up from the pictures again. “Neither have you.”
"Sherlock…"
“Yeah right. Have you met Mycroft?”
“Yes, sir,” he offered and turned to leave, he didn’t miss the look of the younger woman, it was a mixture of shock and disapproval. Why was there disapproval? He didn’t pause to ask though, that would be futile.
"Because, if you Google the word git, it comes up with a photo of you."
“You know by now, John, that he doesn’t like dragging up the past.”
Benjamin’s eyes widened. “Mate- there’s no need for this-” John slapped him hard cutting off his protests abruptly. “He is my submissive, you. Will. Not. Fucking. Touch. Him!”
In a matter of minutes Eurus came rushing in. "Stop it!" She yelled.
He didn't know how he did it but he manage to slip one wrist free of the cuffs. Before he could do anything to help his brother, guards charged in.
“Go on, pet, bit more.”
Shortly afterwards, however, he'd found himself sitting on the couch, staring into nothing, while visualising John with his heels tucked up against his backside, flushed chest heaving, legs spread wide, cock twitching, semen pulsing over his fingers.
I can't. I'm so sorry, John, but I can't. People are dying, innocent people. And no one will lift a finger. No one cares. I couldn't look at myself in a mirror ever again if I obeyed my brother and returned. I love you, but I have to do this. I promise to stay alive.
“Not at all.”
In return, Sherlock's hands, which have been dangling idly at his side, come up to skim over John's bare back. John hisses when Sherlock's cold fingers touch his warm skin as he begins to stroke John's spine.
“I fear you might be very sorry very quickly.” Sherlock whispers and his voice cracks a little.
They both desperately try to navigate their conversation back into less muddied waters. It’s so much easier to discuss other people’s problems, William thinks.
All my love
“Club.” Sherlock mumbles, carefully lifting his head to take a sip of water, squinting his eyes nearly shut.
Not tonight though. They are not Sherlock and John, tentatively feeling their way around a somewhat new, intimate relationship. They are Hamish White, who hired an escort named Scott. Which gives them plenty of room to experiment.
“Is that...?” Sherlock asks, his voice slightly shaking.
Sherlock cranes his neck on the bed and blinks rapidly. “Yes. In my jacket.”
“You think?” William cocks his head, looking suddenly intrigued.
Sherlock hesitates. “We slept in the same dorm… The day before… he did it… we talked. I had been sent to fetch him because he was missing from class. I found him on his bed. He was… crying.”
-----------
John's too dazed to blush anymore.
“Air. Sun. Shouldn't you be delighted, Graham, to escape your stuffy office for an hour?”
The firmness in Sherlock's voice makes John roll his hips and sigh.
It's hot and humid in the car. The air smells of cabbage, unwashed people, wool, wet dog and cigarettes. John is glad when the train eventually reaches Baker Street and he can finally get off. The station is a labyrinth, a hideous conglomerate of older stations, fused together by narrow stairs, aching lifts and dark passages. When he surfaces , John takes a few deep breaths in the bright morning sun.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Meaning that I lie.” Gibson growls, looking up again, fixing Sherlock with his hard gaze.
John somewhat reluctantly steps over the threshold into a gloomy hall. His host doesn't wait for him but is already ascending the stairs, his rather daring burgundy silk dressing gown billowing in his wake. John follows upstairs, a little confused about this strange greeting.
John climbs in next to him. There's not much room in his single bed, especially when accommodating six foot of lanky consulting detective. Very naked consulting detective. For the first time, John allows his eyes to take in Sherlock's gloriously pale frame, all firm, lean muscle beneath taut alabaster skin. His nipples are a dusty pink. His flaccid cock rests in a nest of wiry auburn curls. He looks delectable. Fuckable.
Sherlock waits until John has repeated this task before speaking again: “It doesn't matter anymore. Water under the bridge. Let’s forget this discussion ever happened.”
As an answer, Sherlock's cock gives a sympathetic twitch. His gaze returns to John's groin, as if drawn there by an irresistible force.
We embraced when he said good-bye. I think his lips touched my skin. I'm so starved for human contact, though, I can't be sure.
It's just a little over four and a half months before I'll see you again. Make no mistake, I'll eat you alive – and yes, I mean it exactly THAT way.
“Ok, let me rephrase my question: How did you meet Lestrade?” John's clipped tone makes Sherlock nearly recoil. He sits a bit more upright, swallows and tries to access how much John knows. Is it too late for damage control?
“No, of course not, but that was...” What? Different? Necessary? A decision that had to be made? Inevitable? But was it? “I did it for you.” Sherlock whispers.
Sherlock takes a deep breath. “Six months, you said?”
. It seems a bunch of our men in the Netherlands got arrested. They are interred in a camp near Mauthausen. I have to report this to Mycroft immediately.
Another name I got from Walter is Richard Christmann. He sabotages the French resistance. If they catch him, I hope they give him hell! Mycroft send me a message for Irene in exchange. Sad news, I'm afraid.
He tried the best he could to answer John's questions but wasn't in the mood for conversation. They had barely seen each other over the past 48 hours. Sherlock had longed for John, had even missed him but now had no idea what was expected of him. It was beyond comprehension why John would want to sit around, eat and make small talk. Sherlock was aware of his increasingly snappy reactions and cutting remarks but he couldn't help it. He was simply sick to death. He'd suppressed so much over the past few days that his defences that kept his mercurial temper in check were now crumbling.
“Oh yes. I loved your taste.”
It's been a year today that you passed away and left me. I tried, believe me, I did, but what use is there for me here, without you? You were my whole life, and now that you are gone, there's nothing left for me here in this world.
John doesn't want to hear about this. “But me no buts! You'll at least have some toast.”
Soon Sherlock's fingers are glistening wet while his strokes make slick noises as he speeds up. The tendons on his neck strain; the hand on the headboard clenches to hold tight. Sherlock's eyes are still fixed on John's face. As Sherlock brushes his thumb over the slit of his cock he can't hold back a gasp.
“And upset.” John sounds devastated and raw, almost near breaking point. “How could you...?”
Sherlock is clawing at the desk with his left hand, while his right impatiently tries to shove a fountain pen up his arse. The angle is awkward, and Sherlock's face contorts in pain.
I lay awake all night, thinking about you. I started to touch myself but felt ashamed afterwards. Still miserable.
“Perhaps that's why I liked it!” God, John could be so dense sometimes. Now he'd been forced to spell it out.
BORED!!!
On other occasions, Sherlock resorts to citing Oscar Wilde, because, well, who could put it better?
“It pays the bills. Some men like being humiliated.”
All my love
John chuckles. “That's the signature. Bloke called John wrote all these. Seems my namesake had a talent for poetry as well. Born writers we are, I tell you. Listen, here, this is even better.“ John theatrically clears his throat and declaims: “
“Oh, you are one to talk! What about you, then? Three Continent Watson, I presume?” Sherlock sneers back, standing in the middle of their sitting room, hands on his hips. “You are hardly the poster boy for matrimonial bliss either.”
They snicker.
Sherlock looks up again. There’s a touch of colour to his pale cheeks. “His name was Victor. I didn't really like him...“ Sherlock's small laugh lacks any humour. “He was tall, blond, incredibly arrogant. Good at sports. His family arrived in England alongside William the Conqueror. They were still obscenely rich. Victor was quite popular. We moved in different circles.” A strange expression crosses Sherlock's face. “But then one day we were teamed up for a science project. He needed an A in physics to be able to apply to Oxford, like his father and his father before, you know...” John doesn't, but that isn't important right now. “As it happened he was totally ignorant of the concepts of translational and rotational equilibrium. So he needed me.”
“Mmh...”
I tried to research men's underwear from the 1940s as well as cigarette brands and London transport. However, this is porn, not a history book, so there might be historical inconsistencies for which I apologise.
“I think about it.” William breaths, before capturing John's mouth again.
My dearest Sherlock,
“They seem to have been pretty happy together.” John says, a wide grin on his face as he seems to relax again. “God, I wish we'll still be like them when we reach middle-age.”
“Real?” There's a smirk in the velvety voice. “Seriously? You know I'm just with you for the money. By the way, fife hundred in advance, please.”
“I... I want you to... come all over me.” John gasps out in a throaty whisper.
John reads and grins.
“So you've solved it?” Gibson asks and there is a tone of quizzical admiration in his voice that makes Sherlock puff up even more.
“Except I wasn't. That would have absolutely disqualified me from being your best man.” Despite a cold and hollow ache spreading inside his chest at the memory of the wedding, Sherlock experiences a desperate need to lighten the mood. Because John is crying now, his tears dampening the collar of Sherlock's t-shirt, seeping through the thin cotton onto cool skin.
As Sherlock does not protest, John switches on the bedside lamp. The room is cast in low light.
My Love,
“Evening.” He replies nonetheless. British politeness takes the victory over awkwardness.
“Why? You don't frequent clubs.”
“And you like it.” John grins against hot skin, now not so pale anymore but slightly flushed, before plunging just a little bit lower, grazing his teeth over Sherlock's pectorals. That elicits a very lewd moan.
“Gorgeous. Beautiful. A bit too thin, though.” John grins smugly, staring up at the ceiling, his hands interlocking behind his head. Sherlock swats him on his upper thigh, then nuzzles even closer. “I got a mysterious telegram that told me to come here, in fact.” John confesses, giggling, gasping for breath.
“Do I?” The voice is surprisingly posh, with an unmistakable British accent. Public school. Nice! They are hard times right now. You can find all sorts round here.
John turns and is about to leave, but Sherlock grabs his wrist. “It's only half past three in the afternoon, John.” He points out.
Meanwhile, John has no idea concerning Sherlock's whereabouts, as the consulting detective doesn't spare one sodding thought as to inform John of the developments, or at least tell him that he's all right. John's increasingly worried and seriously contemplates calling Mycroft, when Sherlock stumbles into their flat on Friday afternoon, his coat dirty, his bespoke trousers torn, soot under his fingernails, smelling very obviously unwashed for some days. His face is haggard, lips chapped, his hair's a mess and his chin even sports some surprisingly chestnut stubble. He starkly resembles someone from his homeless network.
“Is there anyone we could ask? Is your grand-dad still alive?” John asks, fascinated.
“I'm not sure. Zolpidem? Midazolam? I could pee in a jar to run some tests, if you really want to know...”
“But how many doctors are named John Watson, live at Baker Street, and shag a bloke named Sherlock?”
In response, John's fist blurs at his shaft as he gasps desperately: “Sherlock, please, let me hear you, please...”
“Shh, John. I decide when you're ready.”
They are passing like ships in the night, silently but both highly alert, aware of the other's presence while keeping their safe distance.
“About the drugs?” Greg presses.
Vera Lynn was a very famous singer, especially during the war. You can listen to a version of her most famous song We'll Meet Again here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHcunREYzNY
My love,
John decides at least to partly resolve the pent-up tension. Accidentaly, Sherlock observes...
John has stepped away and peels off his latex gloves, seemingly fascinated by the encrusted dishes piled up in their sink and says nothing.
“Greg, please. You know he won’t tell me…” John begs in an urgent whisper.
“Of course.”
“Better?”
Sherlock chuckles. “Fair enough...”
“Will, you’ll never guess what I found.” John pounds down the flight of stairs from the second bedroom they don't need anymore. Today, they are moving John's stuff into William's room behind the kitchen; or rather, John is moving his stuff while William pretends to sort through the clutter he's accumulated to clean out the cupboards and make some room for John's things.
Understanding dawns on him a second later.  John did arrange all of this. He quickly slips back into his role as Scott, the escort, tilting his head slightly to one side, a wicked little smile on his face.
As John turns again, Sherlock is still leaning against his chair, gazing down onto its empty seat, frowning, as both hands cling to the backrest.
“I don't think one has much choice in it.” Sherlock smiles and it's a genuine smile, warm and open and a little bit sad.
“I give you fifteen minutes, then we'll have to go.”
My love,
Finally, he lets out a breath he didn't knew he was holding, then slowly unfolds.
But not today.
Sherlock sits up abruptly, pulling at the twisted fabric of John's pants and in a rather undignified struggle both men finally conquer the task of getting rid of John's underwear. This accomplished, Sherlock takes John's left foot in both his hands and presses up against the ball while demanding “Stretch your leg.”
“My profession is medicine. Scandal and chinwag don't apply.” John retorts flippantly, folding his arms over his chest in gloomy defiance.
“Wait, listen to this, for example.” John sets the box down on the – no, their – double-bed and rummages through the content till he finds what he's been looking for:
John stares down at the sight in front of him. Sherlock, flushed and needy, spread out and open, offering himself up. It's the most beautiful things he’s ever seen. He has to have him. Now!
“Do you?”
“Probably not.” Truth seems to be the only way left out of this mess.
“Drink. You are dehydrated.”
“But we don't know a thing about each other.” John pants as he's able to talk again, when the invading, insisting tongue that's been massaging his for a good while finally withdraws.
Just as she turns and leaves for her sitting room to switch on the telly, she can see two translucent figures holding each other in her darkened kitchen. They have shed their waistcoats and stiff collars, even rolled their shirt sleeves up to their elbows.
“I’m just tired.” Sherlock croaks, pulling the duvet over himself, covering his lithe and almost naked body.
“In the end someone found out. Mycroft intervened on my behalf, so the college refrained from involving the police. I was simply sent down. It was not that I had particularly liked uni but studying had somehow organised my days. There had been schedules, lab time, tutorials – now there was nothing.” He bites his lower lip as he remembers the lost young man he had been back then. “I didn't want to go home to my parents, so I had to stay with Mycroft. I went cold turkey for about a week, locked into my room. My brother insisted on rehab but I told him to shut it and piss off. I survived, got clean... and bored. Mycroft nagged me about my future plans. You know he can be a real pain in the arse and at that time I wasn't... stable. After a rather bad row he eventually threw me out.”
I'm in Naples right now. It's almost Christmas. I got you something, just in case. A token. I have the strangest premonitions. I dream of you every night. God, how much I love you. I imagine stroking your soft white skin, your silky curls, kissing down your chest...
“What, your fallibility?”
“Nice deduction, John.” Sherlock tries to sound light-hearted and mocking, but there's something underneath - something that John can't quite put his finger on - that spoils the effort.
“That was…,” he starts.
This elicits a minute reaction; Sherlock shrugs without raising his head, just a small movement of his tense shoulders. At least he acknowledges John's presence and reacts to it. A small victory after all.
He finds said flatmate already naked, draped over the desk in their sitting room, legs spread, bum in the air. The stacks of papers, books and half empty mugs that usually clutter the table top have been put on the floor, making the approach rather difficult.
“We’re friends?” Sherlock’s eyes widened in surprise. He was never surprised. He glanced at the Dom and realised how wrong that statement was, John Watson had managed to surprise him in so many ways. Too many ways.
"You heard me," the detective said sulkily. His bottom lip was poking completely out.
"We'll cook breakfast," Greg said with a knowing smirk.
“But-”
"That's none of your concern," Greg replied, knowing that his pet would be able to deduce how John and Sherlock were getting along regardless of what he said. "You should be more worried with how you spoke to me earlier."
Mycroft puffed heavily, averting his eyes away from his brother. He found he couldn't look at him.
Download from
“Good, pet.” He leaned over to kiss the detective, on the lips this time. He made it gentle as he was determined to separate himself from Sherlock’s past experiences with arsehole Doms, especially this unnamed one.
“Yes, sir.”
“Shh,” the doctor put his finger to his sub’s lips. “No talking now.”
"John's fine, and yes I suppose you're right."
"Good decision." John went and fell on the bed. In a matter of seconds Greg had collapsed beside him.
"It's mine," Mycroft finished.
Mycroft dropped his umbrella and it clattered to the floor. "Say that again."
“You looking forward to a milking later then, boy?”
“Mycroft threatened to tell father about rehab. He said you’re different from other Doms; said he should have tried you sooner, but up until now you were imperative for work. He said I had to at least try with you and that the both of you would know if I bottled it rather than being genuinely unhappy. My brother cares, probably too much. He wouldn’t send me away to someone he didn’t completely trust. You should be proud. That’s not something my brother does lightly, trust someone. I couldn’t provide him with a reason why I couldn’t come, so here I am.”
Using his knowledge from the drugs case - which he had quite proudly solved and found the location of all the missing nArctic’s as well as blowing open a nationwide drug ring - he came to the conclusion that he couldn’t go around it. It ran too wide. Instead he would have to go over it.
“How about you leave me up here? Preferably untied.”
Sherlock couldn't help but clearly want to sarcastically say 'too much attention'!
