Dean laughed, immediately regretting it because of the pain shooting through his body. But one look at Cas, and he was grinning again, soft, bubbly sounds erupting from his chest as Cas questioned him, “I don’t understand why this is funny, Dean.” Dean curled an arm around his torso as the laughter continued to grow. “Dean? Why are you laughing? Dean! This is not funny. I don’t understand.”
Dean leaned back and closed his eyes, his stomach grumbling. “He would probably agree to some juicy enchiladas as well. I wouldn’t mind those either.” Dean laughed softly, remembering one of his favorite westerns.
Dean squeezed his eyes closed, the honesty of the way his name fell from Cas’ lips too much for him to face as his orgasm built up low in his gut.
“You don’t sound fine.” The scowl on Sam’s voice was palpable.
“You know, the big bad villain's monologue is so freaking overused, so why don't you shut the fuck up and die already?”
Dean’s eyes snapped open. “What?!” he barked. Cas had gotten up and had his back turned to him. Dean violently pushed away his covers and stomped to the door. “What is it at this hour?”
“Yeah.” Dean mustered up a smile. “Golden. You worry too much, little brother.” He patted his brother’s back on his way out. “Just tired, that’s all. Need my four hours.”
The early morning sun was just beginning to warm the air by the time they reached the plateau of rocks outside of Dean’s favorite cave. Its rocky, gleaming surface welcomed them inside, but there was no time to stop.
Cas was nervous to say the least. For all his bravado, it probably felt as much for him like meeting the boyfriend’s family as it did for Dean.
Dean had been gone for a week when Castiel noticed it. It was barely a tiny, timid nudge at first. A soft tendril of longing flowed down Castiel’s spine and up again, quickly thriving and unfolding along his nerves until it nestled tightly on the back of his skull. Castiel ignored it at first, unaccustomed to having someone pray for him during the years he had lived as a pretend human. Until a new cascade of yearning was discharged so strongly in his mind, he could not refuse it.
Jo, Charlie, Claire, Sam, and Sarah smiled in sync. “So?” Claire started.
Cas pulled back enough for their gaze to lock together again and send a blissful shiver down Dean’s spine. “You’re cute when you’re nervous.” His expression became sheepish as he echoed the exact same words from when Dean had seen Cas naked back in the shared bathroom, only this time the intentional meaning behind them didn’t make Cas tense in surprise as he did then.
The holding room was the third and had been the last stop for some. A strong, pungent smell invaded Dean’s nose as he entered. The dimly lit white walls were blemished with a few stubborn reddish stains despite their best attempts to clean them up. They hadn’t had any Infected in a while, but the smell of bleach was still very much present, ingrained in the walls and polished floor. Any Infected were as good as dead, and they were treated like one too. Most of them locked away in this room with a bullet between their eyes before they even started to turn. Dean didn’t exactly agree with the method, but it had gotten them this far. He crossed the room to the door on the opposite side, going straight for the only source of light illuminating the room — a dark metallic door with a small grilled window close to the ceiling. Dean knocked, and after a few silent beats, the door creaked loudly as the service hatch at the center of it opened.
“Human, merpeople, it changes nothing, Dean. He still saved you. He still came to see you.”
Don’t forget to
Someone coughed at the end of the room, and they pulled back sharply.
Suddenly his line of sight was obstructed, and he was met with the back of Bobby’s leather coat as the old man came by the window and closed the drapes.
“Besides here, you mean?” Dean smiled, turning, already aiming for the second place his nerd ass brother was most likely holed up in.
“Another catfish hunt?”
Castiel had smiled with a tender head shake. “My knight in shining armor.”
Castiel’s breath faltered under Dean’s fingertips before he rolled over in the same spot so that he was facing Dean. “I didn’t know it was that important to you.”
The next two weeks passed at a tentative pace as they navigated how to live around each other. Cas was always grumpy in the mornings and Dean took his time getting breakfast ready for two, grinning when the smell of food got too tempting to keep Cas’ sulky ass in bed any longer.
Dean frowned. “What do you mean?”
Cas pressed a kiss of his own to the hollow of Dean’s throat and snuggled closer. “Goodnight.”
“You needed to hide.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Blue-eyes didn’t reply. He was breathing though, Dean double-checked. Maybe he had passed out or was too weak to acknowledge Dean's presence. Dean reached out; his forehead was warm to the touch and covered in a thin layer of sweat. Dean carefully swept a curl of soaked hair off the guy's forehead before examining further. The man’s whole body was shivering and covered in a cold sweat even though it was burning hot inside. Tentatively Dean lifted the Blue-eyes' shirt to check the source of the blood.
“’m good,” Dean rasped, taking one last look at the window before leaving. “Let’s get out of here. I think we’ve earned ourselves a goddamn drink.”
“Later we’ll go to the supermarket. We need to get you some fresh fish,” he said instead, opting for the change of topic.
A whisper of white cloud fell from the man’s lips, the lines around his eyes softening, the change so delicate Dean almost missed it.
Dean’s body went limp and sagged, slowly sinking to the ocean floor. He closed his eyes, lacking even the consciousness to put the regulator back into his mouth. He continued to descend, lungs aching from lack of oxygen as he slowly lost grasp of reality.
Dean pressed his eyes closed, trying to fall asleep, trying to keep his thoughts from focusing on anything but the warm, firm body currently lying next to him. Eventually, he gave up and regarded Cas again.
But it was too late. Dean’s heart started beating faster, catching fire as the flames sparked to life, scorching down his spine, consuming each and every muscle and bone, eating all the oxygen in his veins. Gasping only made it hurt more as all his senses burned. The fire clawed thick at the last thin layer of skin, keeping everything inside. “’m sorry,” he choked around shallow breaths and let go of the flames.
Dean startled awake.
“Uh, r—right,” Dean stammered. “No problemo.”
He started distributing hugs all around, eyes searching, looking for something, trying to sneak a peek over shoulders and everyone else’s heads, until they landed on Castiel, all the way in the back. Castiel smiled as their gaze found each other in an abiding sort of breathtaking way. Castiel stood still, urging his legs not to move, not wanting to intrude on his friends’ welcoming party.
I hope you like how this turned out!!
Dean advanced in the line and could hear Charlie shaking her head when she restarted their conversation, “You should give Lisa a chance.”
“Fuck,” Dean rasped out. Bile rose hot and acidic in the back of his throat, filling his mouth with a salty, bitter taste. He couldn’t move, could barely inhale; his tongue felt too big for his mouth, his lungs too tight and trapped behind his ribcage. The horror he had just witnessed seemed too hideous to be real. “How… w—what the hell just happened?”
“Well, you make use of every opportunity you have. Like, calm, safe moments.”
“Excellent.”
“You went nuke… And Charlie survived how? And who is this guy? And what does a bike have to do with this?” Jody let out an exasperated breath. “My head hurts!”
“Are you okay?” he asked Cas.
The vision started hazily, a few muted reds at the limits of his eyesight and some wails in the distance.
“So, you’re not only immune, but you can also stop whatever curse plagues Dean.”
“Those are… traditional marks… we get back home.”
Dean’s boat was waiting for them by the shore. They climbed inside, and Dean hurried to ready the lines. He adjusted his rod and reel with one hand, leaning over so he could rearrange Cas’.
“What about us?”
“I hate that place,” Dean admitted, crossing his arms and leaning back on his chair.
“The extra rent will come in handy.”
“No!” Dean drew near. “You… you could be weak after…” Dean trailed off, waving his hand vaguely like Castiel was supposed to know, tone low so Charlie wouldn’t hear him. “Please…”
“What?! Dean, how—”
“I know that! It’s just…” Dean lowered his eyes, fingers absently fiddling with Cas’ sleeve.
The shark made a turn, rounding Dean once, before, almost timidly, moving closer, swimming past Dean a few times. Dean kept photographing the specimen, not daring to do much else beside that.
They were transferring Blue-eyes to the infirmary this morning. After four days in the emergency ward, Missouri had given him the official stamp of infection-free approval and the permission to move him to the infirmary.
“They’re quite effective against most pests,” he informed, shaking off the dirt from his hands. “And help stabilize the environment.”
Dean heaved a deep sigh and looked down, hoping he successfully hid the strange hurt twisting his voice. “’m not doubting you’re a badass, but everyone needs a bit of help every once in a while. Besides, you saved
“Pity?” Dean huffed. How hilarious was that? Pity had been the last thing on his mind when he had made his way here. “It’s not pity, it’s…”
As soon as he was done with his shift, Dean holed himself up at home, going directly for the fridge to grab a beer — the first of many, he pledged. He turned on the TV — a rerun of Dr. Sexy was on at the moment, and Dean took the small blessing for what it was. Reclining on the sofa, he kicked his feet up onto the coffee table and went back to drinking until he passed out.
Another firm kiss took the breath out of the two of them. Dean’s hands were clamped down on Castiel’s hips like a vice as if he was afraid Castiel would disappear right that moment. That awareness propelled Castiel to wrap his free arm around Dean’s shoulders, gripping just as tightly because he didn’t want to disappear. Castiel didn’t want to lose him either, but tomorrow would come eventually, and this was goodbye no matter what. Dean flicked his tongue between the angel’s parted lips, and Castiel felt delirious with pleasure, sadness, and guilt. Instead of letting it consume him, he allowed himself to get lost in the way their tongues curled around each other. How Dean’s mouth was ruthless and demanding against his but soft and so incredibly plump all at the same time — teeth digging into the flesh, the subtle scratch of Dean’s facial hair on his skin as he kissed him more and more thoroughly. Dean’s fingers dug into his hips with a bruising pressure as Castiel sped up his grinding and rubbed more forcefully.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m happy for you, Sammy,” Dean murmured to his shoulder.
“I…” Dean gulped audibly. There it was again — Cas seeing right through him, and reading him like a book.
“Well, then can I tag along?” Dean got up as well.
“What, like Canada or something?”
“Mua-ha,” he deadpanned, pretending he was about to kick her ass. “Get lost, you brat.”
!” he repeated shakily. “You pomised. You pomised not to leave.”
“There!” Dean pointed down the road through the windshield — a lone olive tree soared vibrantly at the center of the back alley of a hotel. The narrow street led to a large, round exit door; on the right, a fire escape ladder remained unscathed against the brick wall. Most of the windows were in one piece, hidden by the vines that thrived around the buildings. If not for the blood on the pavement, Dean would have thought the end of the world had forgotten to knock on its door. They rounded the hotel, checking for other entry points — all remained closed — before returning to the back alley.
“Cas.” His voice was trembling, but he didn’t care.
His orgasm burned like lava through his veins as he came in sharp, abortive thrusts, toes curling, and the angel’s name filling his mouth.
I have to say though, I wrote this chapter in like a day (which is a miracle for me) because the rest of the story depended on it and it turned out to be one of my favorites so far. I truly hope you like this one as much as I liked writing it.
Castiel nodded, signaling for his companions to move before springing to action.
“Not Castiel, though…” Bobby spoke up, breaking the heavy silence taking over the room. “You can’t blame him for their deaths, son. Or are you to be held accountable for every human that goes on a killing spree?”
Once he could see each point of the inverted pentagram far below he took the opposite direction, plummeting as fast as he could.
Tendrils of faltering thoughts poked at the back of Castiel’s mind — need, hope, frustration — wavering and shaking beneath a new wave of fearlessness.
Cas remained silent for a moment, then thankfully obliged Dean’s need to change the subject. “I will bide my time until my brother Gabriel sends word for me. He will let me know of any relevant change.” He leaned on the table, arms crossed in front of him. “Until then, if I keep my human cover and the alias of Casey Novak, it will be hard for Lucifer’s minions to find me.”
Blues locked on greens as Cas rocked his hips into him, panting frantically against his mouth, and Dean closed his eyes against the white-hot pleasure invading his senses.
“I can explain that,” came Cas’ deep, rumbling voice, and Dean almost wished he could silence him with sheer will. Whatever Castiel was about to say, it would probably expose himself, and knowing Cas as Dean had come to know, the angel was probably about to give himself away to the enemy. “Can you all please take a seat? There are… some things I’ve kept from you but, I think it’s only fair for you to hear what I’m about to say.”
“What? Dean!” Charlie’s hand stopped his attempt to all but start running in Cas’ direction.
She immediately raised it above her head to inspect it under the sunlight. “What is it?” she asked with a frown between her brows.
The lighting gleaming around the café was a golden-amber shade that helped create a rather mystical environment and added new burning stars around Cas’ eyes, like a radiant sun reflecting off the waters of the Atlantic. The deepness in them was enough to pull Dean in. That was, if Dean let himself.
for Dean.
Dean huffed and rolled his eyes but didn’t reply. He wasn’t gonna waste any more energy arguing with Sam about this. When they had managed to kick Ruby out, she had left the book behind amid her hurry to escape. According to her, it revealed the cure for this disease that had wiped seventy percent of the population off the map, creating zombies in its wake. Problem was, they had come to a dead end. From what Sam had translated so far, it described the apocalypse. Not only that but from one of the paintings in the book — which looked eerily similar to the stone from Dean’s necklace — Sam felt certain it referred to Dean’s condition as well. To this day, three years later, they were no closer to cracking the whole thing.
Dean gave a one shoulder shrug, pretending that truth didn’t sting as much as it did. “What can I say, helping people is my middle name. People or… y’know, mer… things… whatever.”
Cas sat still, slumped against the seat with his eyes pressed closed for most of the way back. Dean lingered close, his hand finding Cas’ a few times, his eyes holding him together when new tears threatened to leave those pools of blue. His chest ached with each smile he offered, jaw clenching but expression aiming for comfort when Cas’ gaze searched for him.
Dean remained silent until the door closed behind Victor. “He must be fun at parties,” Dean said, pointing with his thumb.
“N—no, I couldn’t,” Kelly started, but Dean interrupted her.
Lucifer was smiling widely at him, completely unharmed, the hand on Dean’s shoulder burning hotter than the unleashed flames.
Dean couldn’t help going agape for a moment, clamping his mouth together when he belatedly noticed what he was doing. “Okay…” He scratched his chin. “’Cause that’s not creepy at all,” he scoffed. “Great, I’m stuck with a freaking scaled dog.”
“Come here often?” the taxi driver asked.
Dean tightened his fingers and stroked harder in a frantic attempt to chase the release they both needed.
The deep rumble of the Impala growled beneath Dean’s feet. He rolled down the window to the morning dew and took a deep, leisurely breath. He liked days like this, the scent of damp earth filled the air, and the rain fell slowly, kissing the surface with delicate drops of water. Dean extended his hand from under the protection of his car, watching the tiny hairs on the back of his arm slowly concentrate the rain that covered his skin into a fresh, clear veil of water. A wall of fog surrounded Baby, closing off the world outside.
“Your response was completely normal, Dean. I had imagined a much worse reaction.”
“Dean,” Cas whispered as if he knew what Dean was feeling.
Another snap at his right was all the warning Dean got before he was thrown to the ground with a dull thud. The pain flared along his back to his leg from the weight of the body landing on him. Dean tried to groan against the acute ache, but all he managed to do was stutter an inhale before gasping out a sharp breath.
“Dean?” Karen wiped her hands to the checkered vivid-yellow apron she was wearing. “Sorry, was getting dinner ready.” She smiled at him. “We didn’t expect you so soon. Bobby is in the yard—” she pointed to the back, “—looking for parts for a client.”
“Shuttup, bitch!”
Cas moved in carefully, excruciatingly slow. “Dean, this is—” he didn’t finish, voice guttural and low against Dean’s neck, muscles shaking, as he sunk in the rest of the way. “Exquisite,” he managed, breaths shallow and labored, making Dean clench around him involuntarily.
Dean turned to Becky, who had half her face hidden behind her hair. “Hey,” he called out to make her look up. “I promise this won’t last long.” He gave her a reassuring smile. “Our next run will be better, I know it.”
Dean cupped Cas’ face between his hands, fingers tracing Cas’ jaw and going around to thread through his hair, pulling him in for a kiss — soft and languid. There was no urgency, no quick, rough kisses like Dean had been used to in the past. Between them, it was all nurture and devotion, and Dean loved that.
I know we always want our favorites to be right and the kind of person we want to be. And especially in terms of Dean’s prejudice against merpeople, it might be hard to see him act the way he does, but thank you for trusting me to make it right in the end. It will take some time but they will fix things and a happy ending is waiting for us, just hang in there for a while longer. :)
“I mean, after such a life span, there’s gotta be something… something you yearn to do? Something you wish?”
A sudden change in the air made him raise his eyes. Castiel tensed, his eyes brightening in intensity, their color changing to unearthly shades of blue, the glow too much for them to be anything but ethereal. Dean instinctively protected his eyes with a hand, the light in the room shining impossibly blue and causing his eyelids to drop into slits. Everyone else froze as the pair of wings blossomed from Cas’ back, filling the space and reaching to the ceiling.
“We’re short on supplies,” Gordon started. “Food especially.”
The end. The book told of the world’s demise, not just detailing the demon curse that had desolated most of humankind but also, perhaps, giving them a way to stop it all. The cure was described in a language that only Castiel knew. That was it. The last remaining puzzle piece that Sam needed, the final language they had tried to crack for years, was auspiciously kept in Castiel’s head. It was his mother tongue, after all — Enochian. Castiel had recognized it as soon as his eyes had landed on the cover of the book, but at the time, Castiel still couldn’t trust these humans he had just met; not only that, but he also had a secret about his true identity to keep. But now, the longer he kept the secret, the guiltier he felt for leaving both Sam and Dean in the dark. So Castiel had made up his mind — as soon as they got back from the supply run, he was going to tell them everything he had learned about the book, even if that meant he had to tell Sam he was an angel.
Castiel shook his head, turning the faucet on slowly as if he was dealing with a ticking time bomb. Dean placed the towel and a set of clothes on the nearby stool and padded to Cas’ side. “This one is for hot water,” he explained, turning the right faucet and opening the shower to its fullest. “It takes a while for it to get warm, but if I were you, I would open them both evenly,” Dean added, leaning to turn on the left one as well, careful not to get wet. “Otherwise, after a couple of minutes, the water gets so hot, it will boil your skin. It’s good if you’re looking for a natural peeling. Otherwise, I don’t recommend it.” Dean beamed at Cas and was rewarded with a wide smile that showed his gum. “Anyway,” Dean ran his hand through his hair. “There’s a towel and clean clothes on the stool. And here, put this on before showering,” Dean offered him a new gauze covered in plastic film. “It’s waterproof,” he clarified.
There was movement somewhere Dean’s eyes couldn’t reach before the inevitable sound of chewing caught Dean’s ears. “Mommy?! No, mommy, pease, pease wake up.
Or maybe… maybe he was dreaming about Dean, and Dean contemplated the idea with a soft comfort.
“Thanks.” Dean flattened his shirt and ran a hand through his hair, smoothing down the vestiges of what they had just done.
Across the darkness, he caught a glimpse of Cas’ jaw clenching, fingers fumbling for a fragment too long and making Dean’s chest tight. Between two flutters of eyelids, the mattress dipped beside Dean, and moments later, Cas was watching him from the other side of the pillow, eyes so full of longing Dean felt his heart get stolen for the first time in his life. Though, in a way, his heart had stopped being his the moment Cas had saved his life. Since that day, his feelings for Cas had snuck up on him as swiftly and enthralling as wildfire scorching wood, turning everything into ashes in its wake. Dean couldn’t fight it, falling for Cas was as natural as breathing.
“Some of the boards need to be replaced.” John crossed the hall, setting the boards next to the only furniture left in the room since all the others had been dismantled and used to board up the house. John entered the kitchen, taking two boards and a couple of rusty nails with him.
“My family is gone.”
Cas turned his head, pulling Dean into a searing kiss, moaning into his mouth as Dean pressed back eagerly, tongue swiping against lips as they thrust their hips against one another. Dean sucked on Cas’ tongue, feeling his taut, lit body writhing in pleasure.
“Teach, I have a question.”
“And with time, I believe we can start producing beeswax as well and maybe even royal jelly,” Cas continued, choosing to ignore their bickering.
Hey! I hope you had a great week, can't believe it's September already and we're on chapter 6 already. I hope you like this one!
Looking at his surroundings, Dean tried to situate himself. His muscles felt strained and his movements sluggish from the drop of adrenaline, but he forced himself to concentrate on the direction he had to take to reach
“A couple of hours maybe. If we pack right now, we might be able to reach him before the worst happens.”
As soon as the Croats were successfully lured out of the way, Dean rushed to the center of the square, slicing and beheading a couple of remaining undead still growling at the van, their arms flattened against the white hood, too enthralled by whatever was inside to notice Dean was there.
Dean was truly unique, a misfit just like Castiel, but one who had found his place among others. At the end of the world, people were bound to grow lonely, but Dean wasn't alone, and, although it shouldn't, that thought gave Castiel a strange sort of comfort.
The cavern was close to the lake’s shore and reminded Dean of the smell of the ocean, they climbed over the rocky ground, and once at the entrance, Dean asked Cas to close his eyes.
No one had bothered cleaning up the crops since, and they weren’t allowed to come here alone either. With time, the abandoned field changed from growing in neat rows to growing in patches, making it look like a maze one could get lost in easily.
“How you doing?” she started.
Castiel walked the first steps before running the rest of the way, skin already tingling with anticipation to be back home.
outside.”
“Just sayin’.” Dean gave an unconvincing one-shoulder shrug. “Since she’s married and all,” he clarified through his foggy thoughts, very much aware he had failed to deny the jealousy part.
“Slept well?”
Dean ran a hand through his hair and looked away. “So, what’s the plan now?” he asked, for lack of something else to say.
Yeah, so maybe he was overreacting. It was just a harmless question. One that he had answered — and lied about — a thousand times throughout his life, but he just wanted to get this over with, and dealing with Victor’s sudden curiosity was the last thing on his mind right now. The moment that Croat had taken his necklace was still weighing on him, along with the visions that came with it, the piercing red eyes calling for him,
“This bedroom is perfect.”
“To serve as a backup in case things go belly up. You don’t need to remind me; I helped write them, remember?”
The flames came as quick as Dean’s whimper. Like a gust of wind, it started by the tip of his fingers, boiling his veins as they rushed along his arms. The heat seared, burning each nerve and sucking out the moisture. When the uncontrolled fire invaded his chest, it caught up with his lungs and ate at all the oxygen. Dean gasped, clutching at Cas’ shirt as the smoke choked him, making his lungs ache as the raging blaze devoured every single cell in its path.
“Means that I have eyes, and I see the way he looks at you when he thinks no one’s watching.”
“Dean?” Charlie said, fingers touching his back before calling out for him again. “Are you okay?” she insisted.
“Y—yeah…” Dean stammered, suddenly feeling his mouth dry.
“What the fuck?” Dean asked after a few beats, voice hoarse and scratching along his throat.
Three knocks on the door dragged Cas’ breath away from him and the promise of plump, soft lips along with it.
“You saw it?” Dean sent him a questioning raise of an eyebrow.
Dean resurfaced and remained still for a moment, impelling the water with his legs just enough to keep him in place, allowing his body to adjust to the current which was gratefully slow and steady as the small waves lapped against his face.
“Awesome.” Dean tendered a smile before turning to Charlie. “Okay, let me take a look at that.” He leaned and reached for the paper in her hand.
Dean nodded weakly a few times, not daring to speak as Cas tightened his hold a few seconds too long. Dean wasn’t sure if he wanted to run away from the sudden intimacy of it all or bask in that touch forever.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So, let’s see,” Jody did a once over on their second trip back to the pickup truck. “Food is all loaded. Besides that, we have soap, duct tape, toothpaste, deodorant—”
“Hey, champ!” John's face emerged in the open doorway. “Hurry up. Dinner’s almost ready.”
“That’s ‘cause you interrupted me.”
As they celebrated the first six months in the new town, a part of Dean couldn’t help but get attached to the peace and lazy pace of New Hope. He loved his job, most residents were friendly, and a good portion of the people from the fort had migrated to the nearby houses so, in a way, it felt like before, only safer, and as Sarah’s stomach grew bigger, Dean couldn’t help but feel grateful for what they have.
Castiel nodded but didn’t take his eyes from above. “I rather enjoy cooler temperatures myself. It reminds me of home, actually.”
Dean hated it. He hated the fact Cas was one of them: one of the monsters that went bump in the night when Dean was a kid, the one thing that haunted his dreams from his childhood all the way to his adult life. Dean hated that Cas had hidden such a thing from him, that he had lured him in just to betray him in the worst way possible.
“The dolphin’s show is up next!” Jess yelled behind him, dragging Cas away with her.
Cas sighed, parting his lips to let Dean in, demanding and desperate, his fingers firm along Cas’ body. “I need—” Dean hissed between scraping teeth and bruising lips. “Need you,” he admitted between ragged breaths echoing through the sky. “Cas,” he begged, not sure for what, moving his hand between their bodies to palm Cas’ cock through his pants.
Charlie took the keys out of the ignition and shrugged. “Just roll with it; you know he’s even more of a dickhead when you talk back.”
Sam snorted and pulled away. “Jess happens to love my ass.” He waggled his eyebrows.
The sky was turning purple, and soon the night would come, but before that, that’s when Dean’s favorite part of the bonfire happened. Cas turned a puzzled expression at him, and Dean grinned. “C’mon, you’re gonna love it.”
“’m fine.”
“Yeah,” Dean followed Cas, stopping in front of one of the potato crops to remove a handful of dead leaves. “That’s where you can always find Sarah — buried in dirt and compost.”
“What do you mean?”
“Thanks for the encouragement. What happened?”
“I did nothing…”
Castiel couldn’t help the instant reply filling their link, loaded with desire and longing.
“I’ll clean this up after. The more pressing matter is the person who was speaking to him on the radio. I need to find him before he reports back to Lucifer.” He paused. “Are you alright?” Castiel turned his attention away from the body for the first time, drawing closer to Dean, halting when Dean took a step back. Something close to hurt flashed in Castiel’s eyes before he looked away. “You don’t need to fear me. I’m not going to hurt you.”
Dean promised himself. No matter how long it took, Dean would see him again. And until then, holding on to those single pieces of memory would become his lifeline in every waking hour until they met again.
They didn’t have many pictures at first; just a few they had taken with an old Polaroid a few years back. As months passed, though, and the local store started developing pictures and selling both cameras and film, they started taking more and more pictures, and soon the cabin was filled with picture frames of both family and friends.
Garth was not only an amazing tattoo artist, he was also an incredible painter. Dean had acquired some of his artwork before and he knew Garth was just the guy to take care of his newly collected seashell.
“Be careful,” Mary had warned from behind, and he knew she meant more than a casual reminder not to get hurt.
“How about we worry about that once you get back on your feet?”
Cas sent him a tender, melting gaze. “Dean…” he said, the word uttered like it meant so much more than it actually did. “It’s complicated.”
“We need to be quick, or we’ll lose their trail,” Jo said right behind.
Cas’ eyes shone with something incredibly raw that left Dean speechless, and maybe it was a trick of the light, but a glimmer of tears seemed to prickle at the corners. It was impossible not to let that tug at Dean’s heartstrings. Cas was running for his life; he had probably left his family, all his loved ones, behind to come here, a place he probably didn’t know well. How scared he must have felt? How lonely must it have been? Sam’s small kindness had been enough to make him choke on tears. How could he really blame Cas for wanting nothing to do with Dean besides a place to hide when it was his life on the line?
Cas groaned into the crook of Dean’s neck, the sound rumbling along Dean’s spine in a warm shiver. “Not sure yet.”
“Why? You hated being human, being stuck without your powers.”
“You don’t have to worry about me.”
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose with his fingers, deciding to ignore the beginning of a headache hatching behind his eyes.
Cas drew near. “Back in the crops, when I saw you had been attacked… it was… when I couldn’t find you.” He stilled for a moment and then shifted closer again, sitting beside Dean on the sofa. “It was… It was…”
“What about me? You made me stand there and watch you get hurt!” He heaved a shaky breath, bottom lip quivering. “How cruel of you… you made me care just… just to see you get taken away…”
Cas’ room was the last one on the right, and if Dean’s palms were sweaty by the time they reached it, well, he would blame it on how his skin was burning up under his clothes.
Dean could, honest to god, feel his entire soul puffing with happiness, latching onto the feeling Dean was experiencing right now, with a rollercoaster of emotions centered around Cas.
“I won’t.”
“Hey! Just ‘cause we’ve managed this far without much of a hassle doesn’t mean we’re out of the woods yet.” Dean grunted at their backs. “Stay sharp!” He raised his voice a little louder. “You see anything, you get back here immediately. Don’t be a hero, and don’t engage unless you have to.”
“I can’t do it.” He jerked his arms back and forth, trying to make Dean move. “I don’t understand.”
Dean closed his hands in tight fists, not wanting to break the fragile moment Castiel was allowing to happen.
“The fallen one,” Cas started, voice low, expression complicated, “that’s me, an angel cast away from heaven. Let me tell you my story, let me tell you everything.”
“Uh,” Cas tugged at his ear. “I should…” He gestured with his thumb. “I’ll be in the bedroom. If you’ll excuse me.” He turned, head hung as he left.
Dean scoffed, but couldn’t argue.
Castiel gritted his teeth. “I think I’ll pass.”
That was when Cas had run away, because as much as he wanted to help his clan, he couldn’t condemn himself to such a horrible fate with someone like Lucifer.
“Cool…” he said wistfully. “I mean, it sucks that you can’t show off those big boys more often.”
Dean cursed under his breath.
“Hey!” Sarah warned, then with a softer tone, “Language,” she added, looking at Claire.
“Precisely. That’s why I came to the drylands, because I needed to—”
Cas moved with a low moan, and the book fell from his fingers, the worn-out black leather cover facing Dean from the dark wooden floor. Dean scrunched down, the scarlet title making up the words
“I’ve heard a lot about you,” Sam continued, and Dean hoped his
“Jesus, Cas!” Dean turned to his plate before his will to keep his hands off of Cas disappeared.
Dean exhaled in relief, all the muscles in his body relaxing. “Okay, then,” he said, melting back into Cas’ arms. “Then I’m happy, too.”
“W—what?” he stammered, ignoring the iron-grip of dejection around his lungs.
The idea for this chapter comes from the incredible trait that Dean has of doing whatever it takes to protect the ones he loves. I especially like the last part of this chapter if I’m being honest, even though it will probably make you wanna scream at me! But either way, I truly hope you enjoy this one.
he repeated long after Cas was sound asleep. This was only temporary after all, and soon he would be leaving the Keeper, Cas repeated each time he seemed on the verge of surrendering to that new feeling Dean knew threatened to choke them both.
“So, guess who’s been asking about you?” she said from behind.
Soon, they were doing the daily routine with such ease, it seemed as if it had been a part of their lives all along. It wouldn’t take much getting used to it, if not for the way Dean’s heart beat furiously in his chest every single time he saw Cas’ tail. He should hate it, fueled by years of grudge that had started with his father’s own spite for merpeople. Dean should feel repulsed every time the tail touched his skin, but to his surprise, that didn’t even cross his mind. Instead a deep-seated desire for the scales to brush up against his fingers ran through his veins.
. He stretched himself and smiled at the disheveled hair tickling his skin and the grumpy little noises Cas was making for being disturbed from his sleep. “Where are you going?”
“Aren’t you going to tell me I’m being selfish for putting myself in front of the well-being of my clan? Because you wouldn’t be lying…”
Dean spun around to face Kevin again. “Promise!” he mouthed, the word slipping through teeth sounding too much like a plea, but Dean didn’t care.
Everything in Cas lit up and it was like watching the sun split the bottom of the ocean with new streaks of light, all bewitching and blissful. The clasp on Dean’s chest tightened around his rapid heartbeat. He felt himself on the verge of something, of admitting to himself what the flutter nudging behind his ribcage really was. A four letter word that he had never felt for anyone else, human or otherwise.
That’s why it came as a surprise when all hookups stopped after he almost drowned. He had blamed it on the trauma at first; he had almost died, after all. Of course getting laid wasn’t his top priority at the moment. But then it didn’t come back and the more he found himself elbow deep into finding Castiel, the less interest he had in anyone else.
“He said he was tired of waiting for you. You know we’re running low on supplies.” Kevin tried to defend. “He organized his own party and took off.”
They wove their way around several abandoned and decaying stalls, some containing putrid, rotted food and others littered with dirty, mangled toys. The harsh squealing of the rusty metal chains of the swings, still half-erect, and the creaking doors hanging from their hinges, the only sounds filling the silence left behind. The smell of rancid grease and oiled machinery filled his senses as he fidgeted with the hem of his jacket to keep his fingers from closing in a white-knuckled grip. He wet his lips as dust floated in the air and coated his tongue, causing it to feel too big for his sour and dry mouth. He eyed the Croats lining the streets, their mouths slack, dull eyes fixed on the sky, waiting. Dean wasn’t sure he wanted to know what they were waiting for.
Dean hugged him, heart soaring right out of his chest. “Come with me…” He pulled back.
Meg clucked her tongue against her teeth a couple of times to bring his attention back to the path they were navigating. “This way.”
Dean made a tormented sound; the horror of what was waiting for him on the floor was nothing compared to what would happen if he lost control with Charlie and Bela still nearby. “Run!” he screamed. The words echoed throughout the building as he fought to control the wildfire expanding behind his ribcage. Dean kept his eyes firmly shut, the sickening flames licking at his heart and scorching his veins, determinedly pulling him into the darkness.
Dean gulped thickly a couple of times before forcing his eyes up to Castiel’s face. The merman scrunched his face, a small crease between his eyebrows; his shoulder fins quivering lightly as he looked up at Dean in a mix of pain and anxiety.
“Hey,” Charlie dangled a silver chain in front of him; the round, pitch-black stone shone proudly at the center. “Look what I found.”
“Can we talk?” Cas’ pointy ears twitched nervously. He inhaled deeply and added, voice thin like paper, “I should explain myself—”
Cas obliged, hand threading through Dean’s hair and tugging at it to tilt Dean’s head back, his other one hard and thick on his shoulder as he tried to kiss Dean, but the angle was awkward. Cas groaned in frustration, and Dean started laughing, but it was cut short because the change of position made Cas hit Dean’s prostate just right, and his vision blurred momentarily.
“I…” Castiel tilted his head, eyebrows knitting close together in thought. “Since I fell. Which was a few hours ago.”
Dean choked on his own saliva.
“I rested enough,” he argued, eyes scanning around the room when no one replied. “Listen, I can do this, okay? Just give me a small team, and I can get you more supplies. The last place we looted isn’t done for yet. Now that I know my way around the place, getting in and out shouldn’t take us long.”
“Are they now?” Dean glared at Charlie, his lips pinched together.
Castiel’s heart raced, chest filled with dread as he watched his companions being thrown about; the force of the flurry raining broken glass, splintered wood, and other debris down on top of them as they landed on the overturned soil. The pulsating beam of light ruptured the terrain surrounding Dean, shifting the rock and sediment below, forcing its way deeper below the surface.
“Is that why you were staring?” A puckish smile pulled at Cas’ lips.
After so much time, it felt good to finally put a name to the person who had saved his sorry ass. Castiel stirred, a small line of worry digging between his eyebrows before he relaxed with a low sigh, pulling the sheets up to his nose to hide most of his face. He looked younger in his sleep, with most lines of tiredness ebbed away by dreams.
Dean photographed a moray eel that chased his camera, its mouth open threateningly, probably pissed he was invading its space until it suddenly stopped its advance and hastily retreated to its cave. Dean lowered his camera, wondering for a moment what had gotten into the eel when he saw it: a horde of shimmering tails that sent a chill down his spine.
“Okay, so here are our options.” Charlie stood in front of the TV, two cassettes in her hands. “We have Star Wars: A New Hope,” she announced, raising one of them. “Or we can watch Indiana Jones: Raiders of the Lost Ark. Which one will it be?” she asked in the most serious tone Dean had ever heard her use.
“So…” Sam crossed his arms on the table. “You two, huh?”
“Sorry I haven’t visited lately, I’ve been,” he chewed his bottom lip, glancing quickly at Cas, “busy.”
Please don’t hate me after this cliffhanger, I know it's a mean one. :P
Once most of them had entered, Castiel closed the box, leaving a small gap for stragglers and returning scout bees to enter through. He left the box there on the ground, picking up Sarah and walking back to the car to wait there. He gave it about an hour after the sun was down to make sure all the bees had entered the box before returning to the clearing to pick it up.
Jo was staring at him, an amused smile on her face as she lifted an eyebrow at him. “Making breakfast for bed?”
Castiel quirked a brow at him, silently questioning his choices.
Dean turned and started running, begging his body not to stop, pushing his small legs to the limit. “Mommy, daddy,” he repeated to himself. “Help me.” One of the hooks snaked around his ankle, knocking him down; Dean slumped to the floor with a loud thud, all the air disappearing from his lungs; only a small yelp escaped through tremorous lips.
Before he could come up with any kind of excuse for his sudden, friggin’ high-schooler behavior, Cas turned around hastily, grasping Dean’s hands and hauling him to his feet in one swift motion. For one wild second, Dean was pretty sure those plump lips were about to smash into him, and not one ounce of him was about to resist. But before Dean could close his eyes and let himself go, Cas pulled him again, dragging him along the aisle and turning the corner.
“He said he needed to do some research. But if you ask me, he was probably just dying to see Sarah.”
“Demons have been doomed for far too long.” Hands behind his back, Lucifer started pacing in front of the carousel, putting even more distance between him and Dean, much to Dean’s relief. “God cursed us to live below humans. To be caged, hidden, locked away in punishment. We're done with that. Now that you’re here, we won’t be condemned to Hell anymore; we’ll roam the Earth as we will. No more degrading cage or hiding in the shadows, no longer disgraced. We want what God gave to you, humans; we’ll take what should have been ours from the start. This place. Earth. It won’t belong to humans anymore. It will be ours. Why should we be kept away and you worshiped by God?”
Castiel’s movements kept their fast and hard pace as he tightened his grip, sliding their quivering bodies together in sensual movements. He muffled his low whimper against Dean’s skin, hot puffs of air leaving open-mouthed lips and filling Dean’s ear with filthy sounds.
The jolt of sheer relief discharging through his veins was immediate as the water welcomed him back, and Castiel felt whole again. Snapping his tail, he made quick work of collecting as many water lilies as he could.
That had earned him a smack on the back of his head, and a heartfelt
“Sam, wait—” Dean blew out his cheeks. Okay, so maybe his brother was right, Dean’s food wasn’t exactly a testament of healthy living, but what was he? A snot-nosed baby? He could take care of Cas,
“Dean.” Castiel smiled tenderly and waved at him.
All traces of Lucifer’s smile had vanished; he was breathing heavily and shaking as sweat trickled down his face.
“He hasn’t woken up since you brought him here.” Kevin scratched his chest right above the logo that said
“Anyway…” Garth got up. “Gonna meet my work buddies over there; we’re gonna spend the night spilling drinks and talking obnoxiously loud.”
Tonight there were no drowsy excuses or three glasses of whiskey too many. Tonight they were facing each other, bare and all-consuming. When Dean had finally arrived at the fort, emotions simmering beneath the surface, seeing Cas again was all he needed after the past two stress-filled weeks.
Dean gave a one-shoulder shrug. “Today if possible? I can wait,” he added when Garth’s eyes widened.
“Don't believe me? Where do you think your ‘condition’ comes from?” He crooked his fingers in air quotes that reminded Dean so much of Cas that his eyes blurred for a moment before he desperately blinked a few times to hide any hint of vulnerability. “That's your link to me, to Hell,” Lucifer continued. “I've been waiting for you all this time. I thought I could do it without you. When I first sensed you were born, and then when your powers were awakened, I thought that was enough, that that was my sign, that I could try this even without you. So I attempted it and gave my mark to someone else. But the subject was weak, lacked the proper characteristics. The process changed him, killed him but not quite. He was the first of his kind… the first—”
Dean opened his mouth, but Charlie beat him to the punch. “To be honest, if the guy did all that, I kinda owe him one.” She blew a lock of hair away from her face. “Besides, not gonna lie, now I’m curious, aren’t you?”
Dean smiled and looked away. The night had come with a merge of black and blue behind the closed blinds, a sliver of moonlight sneaking through the slits to caress the man’s back and cast a shimmer of silver along his frame.
“So?”
When they finally pulled back to catch their breaths, their foreheads found each other, eyes slipped shut and a matching smile on both of their faces.
“You need to come, quick!”
The rest of the day passed in a blur, and before Dean realized it, the sky was turning dusk, with soft, pastel colors painting the day in lavenders and pinks. Dean stretched his back until it popped, cleaning the sweat on the back of his neck with one of the rags laying around.
“Just one. My sasquatch of a brother, Sam.”
“Look at me…” Cas’ toned, muscled torso tensed under the caress of Dean’s free hand; stubble sharp and coarse when Dean trailed his jawline with his tongue, nipping lightly at the curve behind his ear. “Open your eyes up for me, baby,” he murmured into the shell of it.
The loud bang on the door made both of them jump in surprise. “Hey, lovebirds, it’s time to go!” Charlie’s voice rang out from the other side of the wooden surface.
The reminder made him grab for the bottle, his face pinching when he noticed it was empty. He had started drinking once he had gotten home and only stopped when his mind was too numb for him to keep going; his only relief was being rendered unconscious and senseless in a blissful alcohol coma. He only got up to take a leak or grab another bottle to keep the process going. And he wasn’t ready to fuck up that brilliant plan yet.
“Friggin’ finally,” the short, mullet-wearing guy turned, grabbing a clean pair of jeans paired with a gray shirt on the way out. “I need alcohol. And my sweet, sweet beauties.”
“Maybe one day I will.” He wasn’t sure who he was trying to convince, but neither of them looked reassured.
Dean blinked. What in the world kind of strength did Cas have to achieve such a thing? “Did you— did you just Jackie Chan your way into fishing? How did you break the rod and pull a damn log from the lake like that?”
“No worries,” he interrupted. “You're clearly busy,” he smiled at her soil smudged face. “And with good news, I hope.”
I truly hope you like this chapter as much as I enjoyed writing this one.
“So, can I?” His face lit up.
Dean sighed around a smile. “Well, I meant to pay her a visit anyway.”
… were you?”
“Dean?” The sound of the radio broke from his waist, a stark contrast from the fragile quietude filling the van just seconds before. “Are you there?” Charlie’s voice cut through the static.
Dean sent her a lopsided grin. “Oh, don’t get all mushy on me; it might be contagious.”
“Hmm…”
There was something about Cas that had made Dean gravitate towards him ever since the very first moment their lives had touched. Cas was smoking-hot, enough to turn every head in the room, with his captivating smile and the way those pools of blue seemed to bore into your soul to pull you in. But that wasn’t it; none of that held a candle to the way he made Dean feel every time his chipped walls crumbled a little further, with each bit fitting Dean like a puzzle piece.
“You’re the only one strong enough to do it. So promise!”
He could feel his grace pulsing beneath his skin, filling him with excited energy, and he embraced it. Letting go of it, the whooshing sound that announced his wings filled the tent before the pair of dark-feathered appendages materialized on Castiel’s back. He tried his hardest to keep them close to his body, the feathers rippling with pleasure as he tucked them behind him as not to destroy the inside of the tent as a series of unrestrained moans coursed through him.
“And you’re a brain about veggies too? Why am I not surprised?” Dean crossed his arms, watching Cas do his cute little head tilt, his smile disarming enough to keep Dean going, “Is there anything you're not good at?” the flirtatious words came out easily as he followed Cas between the patches of green rows of potatoes.
When Kelly announced she was leaving with Jack to the nearest town recently formed called New Hope, it was a painful blow. He had grown attached to little Jack; his tender three months were full of a life that reminded Dean of a light he once had inside himself.
“Can’t believe I’ve been missing those!” Dean interrupted, slapping his forehead, excitement brimming from his voice. “Man, after being stuck in the infirmary for so long, a movie will do me some good. Of course, I’m going.”
“Yeah,” she said promptly, already walking away. “No worries!”
“Alex had no one,” Dean murmured.
Dean reached out, watching the buildings slowly grow on the horizon as he drew lazy waves against the breeze rushing against the truck. He blinked hazily and turned to check behind them — the stained white box-truck drove close behind them with Bela at the wheel and Ash beside her, his head pressed against the window, cheek squished to the glass and mouth hanging half-open. Dean couldn’t wrap his head around how he could always be so calm in moments like this. Bela held her cigarette between her lips and gave Dean a small salute.
Castiel’s eyes snapped open, stilling when they locked with bright green ones. Dean’s face was soft with an adoration Castiel didn’t feel like he deserved right now.
“A family,” he said, voice drenched in emotion. “That’s to be envied, not scorned.”
Castiel grimaced at the flirtation. As grateful as he was for all her help when he came to shore, he had no interest in pursuing anything other than a professional relationship with her. “I appreciate the offer… but I would rather keep my stay as short as possible.”
“And what does the book say?” came Sam’s strained voice.
His brows drew together. “I know…” Dean conceded, watching a Croat roaming along the sidewalk, blocking the view to the tattered sign that welcomed them into the city. It stretched its half-eaten arm and ragged olive green shirt towards the trucks as they left the bridge.
Everyone was ready except him and Cas. They hurried to their bedroom and got dressed as fast as they could. Dean wore khakis, paired with his favorite baby-blue and lavender flannel over a simple black tee.
“Dean, please…” Cas drew his bottom lip between his teeth and glanced over to him with those eyes Dean could never refuse. “I want to see you.”
“What?!” Dean snapped.
“Can you— Can you take off the necklace?” Dean asked, not meeting Cas’ gaze, “Just so, y’know—” He waved the washcloth in his hand. “I have easy access.”
The admission alone was enough to push Dean over the edge. He released a desperate sob, muscles tensing and twitching as his whole body shivered and convulsed. Hot moisture spilled between their bodies as Dean spent himself with a few urgent jerks of his hips. It felt like being shattered in the most fucking amazing way before his body was filled with the biggest sense of relief in the goddamn world as Dean came through the biggest orgasm he could recall.
Cas remained still, eyes boring a hole into the mattress as he refused to meet Dean’s eyes.
“It’s alright, sweetie.” Mary’s hair floated in waves against her back as she extended her arms and coaxed Dean to flounder forward and take his first steps across the beach, the sand rough and heated beneath his small feet.
Cas was quiet, and Dean held his breath.
Benny hummed in thought. “I believe I did.” He extended a hand at Castiel. “But not you, if I’m not mistaken. I’m Benny, and who might I thank for getting in such trouble on my account?”
Dean crossed his arms. “Don’t even start. You know he’s sick; it’s not like he can come get his food himself.” He bit the inside of his cheek and checked the toaster even though he knew enough time hadn’t passed for the toast to be ready.
were getting a bit restless with your absence.”
OH NO DEAN KNOWS. NOW WHAT??? Any bets on who's gonna freak out first?
Dean tilted his head, nose burrowing into Cas’ neck, hair tickling his cheek as he breathed in, Cas’ scent filling his lungs instead of the fire consuming him just moments ago.
He had ignored his brother’s phone calls all weekend and planned to do the same today. Once he finished up work at the bar, he would go right back into drinking himself silly.
Dean grabbed the trenchcoat and the feather and turned to leave, but his hand stilled around the doorknob. He opened his mouth, fingers drumming around the knob as he looked over his shoulder. “Come back to our bedroom. I miss you,” he confessed tenderly.
Castiel’s gaze landed on Dean again. He cupped Dean’s face, a shadow of sadness tingeing his expression. “Listen to the waves. The sea will guide you.”
The group of mermen didn’t have time for more; the soldiers’ voices could be heard shouting from around the coast’s rocky cliffs. They dove into the sea; the guy who had killed his parents went last, his legs turning into a blood-colored tail as he swam away and out of sight.
“There were quite a few things I never did.”
“I… I honestly don’t know. I wish I did.”
Castiel found the right angle to hit Dean’s prostate over and over again until his pleasure peaked to the point where Dean could swear he was about to die or have the best orgasm of his life. Either way, this was going to end very soon if Cas kept going like this.
“For them,” Castiel echoed.
“We almost got our asses served to a bunch of Croats, and you’re thinking about recruiting? This is so not the time, Dean.”
A smile curled one side of Castiel’s mouth as he looked up from Riot to Dean. “I assume that is a yes.”
Someone on the opposite side of the street whistled and Dean was about to tell them to fuck off when Castiel pulled away, hands grasping Dean’s shoulders as they broke apart, lingering there for a moment before they were all gone and Dean was left feeling empty, immediately missing Cas’ warmth.
“Promised? Are you insane?” Sam gesticulated frantically. “This could change everything.”
Dean closed the few remaining inches, fingertips against skin, moving down the index, trailing the bumps of each knuckle. “Just wake up. I’ll be waiting.”
It kept going, like water running incessantly from a leaky faucet or through a cracked ceiling. But instead of water, wispy tendrils of a blue as vivid as when the ocean matches the clear sky and catches the sun just right fell down and expanded, inundating Dean’s world in blues. The waterfall of blue swirled and pooled around him, seeping into every crack and crevice, extending through the darkness, bathing Dean’s world with light once again.
“I promise,” Dean conceded, kissing Cas’ temple again, letting his lips linger there before they reluctantly pulled away.
His shift at the bar was like most nights: people hitting on him, him flirting back — because, even though he had no intention of pursuing anything with these strangers, flirting was as natural to him as breathing. Besides, it kept the worried, sidelong glances from Ellen and Jo to a bare minimum, so he might as well do it.
But Dean didn’t watch them for long, not when he could watch Cas instead — mouth agape, a dopey smile blossoming across his face that made him look younger, and with specks of lights reflecting and dancing in his pools of blue. He was mesmerizing, and Dean loved… he loved…
Sarah had taken up gardening as her official job, working the community fields on the edge of the town with several other workers, cultivating the land under her direction.
Castiel nodded at something the jackass sitting beside him said, taking a long pull from his Black Russian. He made a satisfied noise in the back of his throat, clearly appreciating the amount of vodka Dean had spiked his drink with, before replying to the man.
He would come out here and spend all afternoon, rake at hand to check on the corn and clear out the dead and decayed vegetation. But the cornfield had proved to be much more deadly than anyone had anticipated. As the crops grew, the more difficult it was to see, and when you let your guard down, bad things happen.
Cas pulled away. The fleeting moment over.
“Wha—” Dean started, finally rounding the corner to be faced with what had made Cas freeze on the other side.
A whole week had rolled around when he came to, at last. There wasn’t a harsh breath as he came back to reality, grasping at the life that had almost slipped away from him.
This chapter exists because one of my betas thought I needed to prolong Dean's struggle. So you should thank them for the extra angst lmao
“And is it always this scary?” he asked, unable to stop his curiosity.
He turned on the lamp on top of the desk and opened his laptop. After checking his email and coming up with a few useless ads and a couple of bills due for paying by the end of the month, he was done.
Sammy was on the other side. “Can I talk with Castiel?” He hurried inside the bedroom without waiting for Dean’s reply.
“Hello, Dean.” He sent him half a smile that didn’t reach the corner of his eyes.
Dean stretched his arms to the sun, yawning loudly before putting on his sunglasses, a hint of guilt nudging at his brain as he wished he would be left alone with his thoughts. “How much?”
A clanking noise rang out from the kitchen and Dean rolled his eyes heavily before storming after his brother. Sam was already occupied filling Dean’s fridge with everything he bought.
“I’m going too.” Charlie raised her hand. “If you want easy access to the place, you’re gonna need someone that doesn’t actually get lost at the first turn.” She blew her chewing-gum until it popped and raised both her hands in defense. “Hey, just saying,” she added when Dean gave her the stink-eye.
“You would never get involved with one of us.”
Dean grabbed a change of clothes — some worn-out jeans and a blue plaid shirt — and headed out still in his pajamas. Despite Dean having a bathroom in his room, the only place with hot water was the shared bathroom on the main floor, and he needed one hell of a good, hot shower today.
Dean gave him a thumbs-up and dove under to begin his work.
Despite his attempts to have a good night’s sleep after the impromptu intervention his family had prepared for him, the hours were filled with nightmares that caused him to startle awake. He would then lay in bed for what seemed like hours trying to fall back asleep, mind dwelling on the latest events.
Going through old photos together, making new albums as the years went by and the family grew larger.
None of his hatred came from the couple of assholes he had encountered in The Roadhouse; his change of heart happened when he was twelve. By the end of that year, the Great War would be over. But before that, his parents had decided to visit Bobby in Lilyville for the weekend. They should have known better than to roam around the beach, so close to the mer’s territory, and when you let your guard down, you’re setting yourself up for tragedy.
The next sound was Jody’s voice bellowing through the static. “Dean?!” she screamed. “I’ve been trying to reach you! You need to come, quick!”
Dean should be used to it by now; losing people was as much a part of his life as his condition was. But life in the Keeper had given him a sort of false sense of security. It had been three years since the last time he had been in a similar situation. Ruby had been living with them for a few weeks when she secretly succeeded in contacting her former group. They had managed to attack the fort and kill a few of its residents. But Dean, and his companions, armed with a bunch of weapons and protected by the fort’s walls, had managed to seize victory for themselves.
“He’s immune,” Dean justified.
“I don’t want to say goodbye just yet,” Castiel murmured into the crook of Dean’s neck, sending a shiver down his spine despite the warm night.
“Who are you calling old, you dork?” Dean retorted.
He loved…
“Because it doesn’t exist underwater, its properties and rarity make this stone sacred to my kind. Only a powerful shaman can enchant the gemstone into releasing this kind of power. I can’t thank Gabriel enough for getting me this. Though, having to hide my ears in public is already more than enough for me,” Cas grunted, unaware of Dean’s gaze. “I wouldn’t wish to hide my tail in this house, even if the necklace had that kind of effect.”
Dean shook his head, the sudden memory of the person who had given him his necklace fading away as he watched Cas’ eyelids rising as he looked around, an array of stars dancing around his frame and igniting his eyes. “Not stars, glow worms,” he clarified. “I figured you probably missed it upstairs. And even if the view probably doesn’t compare, this is the closest I can bring the stars to you.”
His hand was still caressing Dean’s jaw, and his free one wrapped around the back of Dean’s head to hold him in place as he slid out and then all the way home again, watching the muscles in Dean’s jaw straining when his nose hit Castiel’s pubic hair. “Dean,” he murmured reverently, “my beautiful Dean.” His voice was low and soft, a complete opposite to the harsh rocking in and out of Dean’s mouth. His lungs felt too small for each labored breath, his heart beating a complex rhythm against his sternum with each bone-shaking thrust as he watched his cock disappear between Dean’s lush, rosy lips before he withdrew to do it again.
“Cas, please… let me hug you…”
“I don’t,” came the swift reply, a wave of sorrow filling the words despite Cas’ attempt to shrug it off with a smile. Dean watched the way his lips quickly gave up on holding a smile. His shoulders sagged against the pillows, jaw tightening as he seemingly tried to hide the wave of raw, vulnerable emotions painting his eyes darker. And Dean could almost hear the words
“No, seriously,” he whined, massaging the sore spot. “We barely celebrate birthdays anymore. It’s hard to keep track.”
specimen. After making sure it was empty, he tucked it away in his bag, an idea blossoming in the back of his mind.
“Hmm?”
“Don’t freak out on me, man.” Dean stopped caressing Cas’ cheek and settled his hand between their bodies. “Forget what I said; it’s stupid…” He shut his eyes.
The soft ruffle of fabric filled the silence around them before the wooden stool in front of Dean gave in with a gentle crack. Dean dared a look, unable to stop himself or the aching warmth blossoming low in his gut. Cas was sitting on the stool right in front of him, with his back turned to him. His muscular back stretched and clenched as Cas dried himself. The angle made the dim light that seeped through the window against his damp skin glisten and wrap him in a bright halo. For a moment, Dean almost swore there was something else there casting shadows along the bones of his shoulder blades. There wasn’t much Dean could do besides watch, mesmerized by the scene perfect enough to belong to a painting, heart stuck in his throat, beating a mile a minute. His fingers quivered, and Dean closed his hand into a fist, fighting the sudden urge to reach out and bury his fingers in that perfectly untidy hair, to pull Cas’ head back none-too-gently, and trail the paths of water dripping down his neck with his tongue, lips closing over skin, sucking and licking until Cas was nothing but a moaning mess.
“Just stay for a few more days, dude,” Charlie chimed in from where she was leaning against one of the counters. “At least ‘til you can walk without looking like you’re about to break apart like a porcelain doll.”
“Well, if this is the only way I get to see you, what choice do I have?” He took off his cap to scratch the bald spot at the top of his head surrounded by salt and pepper hair. “What, not gonna offer me anything?” he scowled at Dean.
Dean wrung out the washcloth in warm water and drew near, hesitating for a moment before reaching with his free hand for Cas’ jaw, cupping it with jittery fingers as he coaxed Cas to tilt his head and give Dean a better access to the wound. Cas hissed at the first contact and Dean allowed a small smile to reach his lips. “I’m just cleaning, it can’t hurt that much.”
“I mean all the clients that would hit on him on the spot,” she continued, eyes travelling deliberately up and down Cas’ body.
The bedroom had felt huge at first, slowly furnished with wine-toned bedding covering a king sized-bed that sat perfectly centered, with red and black checkered pillows against the rosewood headboard. There were twin bedside tables and a wardrobe on the other side. The bathroom was small but had warm, running water at his disposal, which was an improvement from the fort.
Dean sighed inwards. “I’ll pay you later!”
He turned to Dean again, who remained still. Castiel put his bag on his shoulder and started walking. “We should get a move on before more undead come.”
Dean reentered the room, only to find the bed empty again. He was about to call out for Castiel when something moved at the corner of his eye. Dean turned to see Castiel glued to the wall, half-hidden by the door. “Sonovabitch!” Dean jumped backward and brought a hand to his chest. “Man, what are you doing?” Dean closed the door. “You scared the crap out of me.”
Another hard chapter for me to write tbh. As much as I love angst, it breaks my heart having to write it.
Ever since Sam was old enough to read, his primary purpose had been finding a cure for the Croatoan virus. The fact that their parents had died the way they did had only fueled his determination. He had never blamed Dean, justifying their death with the robbers that had attacked them that night.
“You can sleep,” Cas uttered, draping his arm around Dean’s shoulders.
Dean didn’t know what was most jarring, the first-ever press of a mer’s tail against him, or how holding Cas like this filled him with a sense of belonging, like warm water caressing sore muscles.
“Quiet,” Sam replied. “Though
“Home sweet home,” Dean side-eyed Cas, who only hummed in return. “On the left is the kitchen. Anything in there is yours.” He tried for a smile. “Like they say, mi casa es su casa, right?”
It was a false alarm to their utter relief. Some early contractions that raised some concern, but Missouri had reassured them that all Kelly needed was some rest. Kelly would have to be bed bound for a few days, and both Missouri and Kevin would have to keep a close watch on her for the months to come, but they promised Dean that the baby was still alive and well.
“I need to talk to you,” Sam said, sitting on the chair by the entrance of the bedroom. “I saw it,” he added, not giving any further explanation.
“You already are,” he promised.
“I don’t understand what Sam and Kevin have to do with our pillow, Dean?” Cas said, with a familiar tilt of his head.
“Hope?” Dean took another glance at the puppy before turning to leave. “That’s a good name to have,” he whispered over his shoulder.
Dean kissed him again, eager and fervently, their shadows long on the pavement, wrapped around each other against the sun low on the sky as Dean patiently soothed Cas’ sorrows with tender kisses.
“If we can find things that make us happy, we should enjoy them. Otherwise, what’s the point of all this?”
Paper lanterns were distributed between everyone. It took a while to light up all of them, but the breeze was soothing and, after a moment’s patience, everything was ready to start.
So Dean stopped acting like a freaking mother hen and instead kept him company, cuddling with him, letting Cas know how his life had been during this last year in the moments Cas was awake, whispering between smiles about the good news. He told him about little Jack that Cas was eager to meet, the baby Sam and Sarah were expecting, sharing tearful looks while Dean retold his struggle to move on, about his will not to give up hope, waiting, for this. These moments they finally got to have, spooning beneath the covers, cooking for Cas, running errands with Castiel’s presence a constant now, filling their new bedroom with life and a wholeness Dean had missed this last year.
Dean planted open-mouth kisses along Castiel’s neck, leaving a trail of fire in their wake, breath hot and heavy against skin, licking and sucking bruises on his way down as Castiel fumbled with pulling the belt and zipper open.
“He’s upstairs. Slow day today.” She shrugged, moving to stare at her computer. "Feel free to go see what he’s up to if you want.”
“The fallen one, they called him. Anyone have any idea what that means?” Ellen looked around the table until her eyes landed on Dean as if she could see right through him.
On the weekdays, he would visit the Roadhouse, and during weekends he would stay with his brother. Sam had a white picket fence house, with an Australian Shepherd dog named Riot and his lovely fiancé. To say he had the perfect life was an understatement, and Dean couldn’t be more proud of his little brother.
Dean tilted his head to the sky, smiling at the warmth gently nudging at his skin. “Mornin’,” he mumbled to the pleasant breeze as he watched the garden for a moment before crossing it.
And they did, hands reaching high up above their heads, fingers opening up and freeing the paper lanterns to the expanse of purple, one after the other. Soon the sky was a mix of twilight and the star-like glow of the lanterns as they rose at a lulling pace and floated away.
They stared at each other in silence, something heavy and unspoken clogging the air around them.
“Then what is it?”
The Keeper’s main floor was split down the middle by a long spacious arched hallway, the plaster of the walls turned a light caramel with age, and Dean loved the way it made the lengthy space cozier. Each side boasted several large marble pedestals that most likely once held statues of ancient deities; between each pedestal were arched doorways leading to large rooms. When lit, the shadows cast from the row of crystal and brass chandeliers hanging high overhead dappled the polished white marble floor with patterns in gray. Reminiscent of an ancient monastery or grand castle, that image in itself had been enough to sell Bobby when they had first arrived here.
He was about to move to Claire’s side and get her out of there when a new figure caught his attention on the opposite side of the vehicle, where most Croats were concentrated around Jo’s body.
Dean woke up to the piercing ringing of his phone. He wasn’t sure what day it was but the sun was high in the sky, and his stomach rumbled painfully for lack of food.
Dean turned without looking back but paused shortly. “Cas?” he said over his shoulder. “Wanna come along?”
“And who’s gonna save you, Cas?” Dean’s strangled, wavering voice escaped through his constricted throat. “And who cares about saving humanity if I’m gonna lose you?”
“This is divine, Dean, thank you.”
“Awesome, see you there, then?” Dean turned, slightly wondering how all of a sudden the cherry tree Cas had just been touching looked so much healthier, with its natural, deep brown color back to its bark and even a crisp, new baby leaf at the top that Dean would swear wasn’t there before.
“Jo?” Dean yelled. “Jo, answer me!” he attempted again, kicking a few Croats that got too close to grabbing his legs.
“What if it was me?” she pleaded. “Wouldn’t you want someone to help me too? Besides, what harm can she do against the two of us?”
“Are you alright?” Though Cas’ breath was even, his voice was breaking. And that was all it took for Dean to remove his eyes from the set of pleading blues and settle his gaze on the black shapes outspread behind Cas. The massive, black wings framed Cas’ outline, filling Dean’s view with… one of the most beautiful sights Dean had ever seen.
Being surrounded by the scent of pine and damp earth always had a soothing effect on him. No matter how crappy his life was at that moment, it always managed to put him in a good mood, and Dean always took any excuse to come here, even though he knew it could be dangerous.
“I think everyone’s heard about you by now,” Dean quickly added with an apologetic smile, immediately regretting his words when Cas seemed to draw into himself, clutching his belongings closer to his chest, visibly trying to make himself look smaller.
“Hey!” Charlie shouted, sounding both parts relieved and surprised. “Are you okay?”
Dean gave a quick head nod, watching her lips form a tight line. There was something more there, something that reminded him of the times they were about to broach a difficult topic.
“Then there’s nothing to worry about,” Cas pressed on. “Right?”
Dean reached for the cup of water on his bedside table and emptied it with long gulps, trying to calm his labored breathing. His clothes clung uncomfortably to his body, his skin covered in a cold sweat. He looked at the clock: 7 a.m. Even though he had the day off he was eager to get up and leave behind all the images burned to the inside of his eyelids.
Castiel beat his tail against the tide, surging forward, fins playfully swaying in and out of the cool ocean water as he broke through the surface, jumping out to sink under again.
Dean crouched down, a knee against the soil, hand resting on top of an old broken tree trunk lying forgotten on the ground, its surface coated with a layer of moss — fluffy and fresh against Dean’s palm.
John laughed. “Cap’n Crunch is all yours today. And you can even decide which one you prefer! I’m sure mommy will agree you deserve a treat after your hard work.” He placed his hands on Dean’s shoulders and quickly maneuvered him to face the bathroom. “After we get cleaned up,” he gave Dean a light pat on the butt. “Your mother will kill me if we show up at the table reeking of zombie goo.”
“Never better.” He kissed Cas’ temple and let his lips stay there, tender flesh against dampened skin, nosing Cas’ soft, sticky hair and inhaling his favorite scent, a blend of mint with apples. This had been one of the most incredible orgasms he could recall. It had been sloppy and messy; with Cas’ inexperience and Dean’s nervousness, it was nothing like Dean had imagined, and it was perfect.
“I…” Dean pulled at his shirt’s collar to show a cut along his shoulder. “Also got hurt here,” he braved, the way Cas’ lips had pressed against his hand, giving him the courage he needed.
Dean shook his head. “No worries, man. Anyway, those were tough questions, I get it. How about an easier one?” Dean gave a brow wiggle, leaning closer to him. “Are you always this handsome or only when the sun rises?”
“Is this the way to treat your most charming client?"
Dean jerked out of reach. “You touch it, and I’ll bite your arm off.”
“I love you,” Castiel cried out and brought the blade forward, plunging in to stab Dean in the heart.
“If I’m staying for good, there’s no reason,” he forced the lie, “for me to take up space from you when there are empty bedrooms available.”
“We need a distraction,” Dean said to Jo, not bothering to keep his voice low over the snarls that grew louder the more Claire tried to keep the Croats away with a stick, her sobs only meeting Dean’s eyes and not his ears.
Dean released a sharp breath through his nose. “He’s still messing around with that damn book?”
It had taken him a while to return to the sea after almost dying down there. Sam said it was post-traumatic stress disorder or some crap like that and had tried to convince Dean to seek help, but shrinks were never his thing. He had tried after his parents had died, but even as a kid, talking about how he felt never came easy for him. He wasn’t equipped emotionally to talk about his traumas; he’d much rather shove them in a bottle and close the lid to not have to deal with his problems.
Dean swallowed thickly.
“If that’s the case, why did you bring me here instead of the infirmary?” Castiel glanced away from the window to study Dean.
Until it happened. In his last attempt to save the humans, those under his command died, the smell of putridity from the undead tarnishing the air mixed with the metallic scent of blood. His garrison perished all around him, their wings brazed into the ground, the scorch marks framing their lifeless bodies as Castiel retreated with the few that survived the battle. Gabriel died that day, along with Anna and Samandriel, leaving him alone and expelled from heaven.
Zombies, Dean had heard the adults call them once, the notion sounding too impossible for anyone to repeat it out loud. The undead, Croats, monsters — so many names, so little explanation for what had happened to the world. Dean could get used to being stuck inside the house for the rest of his life, but he would never get used to them. The constant growls, the gut-wrenching screams, the scratching on the walls, letting them know just how aware of their presence the Croats were.
“Let me,” he offered, wrapping soft, lean fingers around Dean. Sliding his thumb through the slit to pick up the moisture leaking there, he smeared the precum along the shaft and fisted tightly around Dean’s cock to begin to pump. And this time, Dean closed his eyes, blissfully feeling the heat from the blood moving through his body and pooling around his cock. Dean was so damn close already, and with Cas’ cock still gloriously inside of him, just a few twists of Cas’ wrist were enough for his toes to curl and his back to arch off the ground as he bucked furiously into Cas’ hot grip.
“Well, that’s the point,” Dean smirked, turning on his side as well to look at Cas. “It’s a movie. A lot of crap isn’t real. That’s the gist of it. Watching them do things you can’t do.”
He gripped the fast-hardening cock in his hand and gave a tentative lick, tongue flat against the leaking, engorged red tip, smiling when a low, gravelly moan filled the cavern. “Fuck, I love your taste,” he sighed, the soft blow of air making Cas shudder before he sealed his mouth around the swollen, firm length of Cas’ cock.
Castiel groaned in reply.
It was late evening when Dean and Cas returned to their bedroom. Dean was beat, but he doubted he would get any sleep before morning came, and they were due to get on the road.
“Do you wanna get shot?!” Jody continued, lowering the gun.
“More,” Dean murmured, voice raw and wrecked.
Dean pumped him hard through his orgasm as the angel panted Dean’s name through the waves of his climax that spilled between their bodies, hot and sticky, thrusting into Dean’s hand until he was spent and pliant on top of Dean.
as evident in the silence after as Cas’ tears drawing wet paths down his cheeks.
He secured Riot’s leash to the tree in front of the café and led the way, opening the door for Cas to step inside.
“What?” Cas tilted his head in that way Dean was becoming all too familiar with.
“Never, my love.”
Victor sneered and uncuffed Dean.
Dean pulled away hastily when it dawned on him what he was doing. “Sorry, I, uh—”
Mary turned, surprise in her blue eyes, before she gave him a comforting smile. “Just a case of a gassy tummy, don’t worry.” She stroked Dean’s cheek before brushing a wayward strand of hair out of his face. “What about you? Why are you out of bed so early? Another nightmare?”
She smirked. “So…” She extended both her hands and stared at him, waiting. “Where is it?”
Dean gritted his teeth, tucking the gun back into the rim of his pants to pull out the radio from his belt. “Still here.”
“Haven’t you run into other places like this one?” Dean immediately kicked himself mentally for breaking his promise of not intruding, though he could allow himself this one question since it wasn’t exactly a personal one; it was just making conversation.
“I…” Cas hesitated, scanning the room with confused eyes before they landed on Dean, unsettling melting into delight as he murmured. “Indiana Jones.”
“Hey, hey, calm down, man.”
“It’s… cozy,” Cas answered with a warm smile. “It smells amazing too.”
“Hmm?” Dean hummed around his fork. “Fuck, this is delicious.” He turned his attention to his pancakes, one of his favorite treats right behind pie. He closed his lips and moaned around a forkful of fluffy goodness, the delicious bite melting in his mouth and filling it with sweetness.
Dean heard her shifting in her chair. “No.”
Castiel got up, still facing the other way to pull up his jeans. “You’re cute when you’re nervous,” came the confession, surprising them both if the way Cas’ muscles tensed was anything to go by.
Cas’ nostrils flared, clearly scenting Dean until understanding dawned on his face and his expression changed, his squint disappearing, his head inclining back to a straight angle as he went back to an emotionless exterior. “You don’t owe me anything.”
Castiel rounded on both of them, a “Sorry…” leaving his mouth as he grabbed his duffle bag on the way to the door and made his way out. “I will be outside waiting for you,” he added for Dean alone. With one last glance at Sam, he closed the door behind him.
“Cas, tone it down, will ya?” Dean pleaded, hands turning into fists on top of his thighs.
“Three…” everyone chanted. “Two…” Dean glanced at Cas. “One!”
Part of what happens in this chapter and continues throughout the next one is actually the very first idea I had for this fic. This is where it all started and I wrote the whole fic wanting it to lead to this. What a ride it was, but we’re finally here. I hope you like this one!!
“Same old same old. The place was mostly looted. We found some good furniture, though.”
A trace of hurt flashed across Dean’s face before he hid it with a retort, “You suck at pillow talk, did anyone tell ya that?”
“I thought you said we should recruit.”
“One more reason why he should have waited for us,” Dean barked. “These rules exist for a reason!”
“What about our night together? You left that out. Doesn’t that prove anything?”
Summer is my favorite season and it’s bringing me great comfort to continue to write this fic as we said goodbye to summer when it’s still summer time for our two cuties.
He opened the window and sat by it, legs half-hanging over the edge. He wrapped himself in the thick white comforter he had been using despite the raging scarlet and fiery oranges pigmenting the first night of July and the warm breeze running across his hair. Truth was, the comforter smelled like Dean, and he couldn’t bring himself to let go of it, not until he could get the source of homemade lemon soap scent right back safe into his arms.
Castiel wiggled his tail weakly, a flare of despair cutting through his eyes as Dean stared. The tail was long, wider than Dean had imagined, in a deep and intense shade of blue, narrowing from his waist to the bottom of the tail, ending in fins that were paler in tone but just as mesmerizing, translucent and curved with tapered tips.
“Dean…”
They locked in a tight embrace, lips parting, tongues moving deeper, a gentle hum in the back of his throat as Dean felt a rush of heat low in his gut.
As if sensing the bliss happening on the inside, Dean brought a hand to his chest. “What are you?”
The air moved with a snap, rotating on its own, the breeze giving way to a rush of wind, to light up the tree behind him, the flames illuminating everything with a change so sudden Dean could not keep his eyes open more than a slit.
“Don’t tell me the badass Castiel is afraid of a little needle,” Sam continued, folding his arms over his chest, toothbrush held tight.
Cas let out a shuddering sigh, the warm puff of air meeting Dean’s skin like a balm. Dean’s embrace tightened, the muscles along Cas’ back shivering and relaxing beneath his fingers.
“What’s all that?”
“Who the fuck is that?” Dean heard Gordon saying before the door closed behind him, and he crossed the hall connecting the scanning center with the emergency ward. The stranger moaned and shuffled on Dean’s arms until his cold, sweaty forehead came to rest against Dean’s neck, but other than that, he didn’t show any signs of waking up. Dean lumbered the last few steps before bursting through the door.
Dean laughed out loud, and Kevin flipped them the finger. “Also, huh…” he hesitated, his face suddenly serious. “Gordon took off with a group of five.”
the voice repeated, more persistent this time, pinning Dean to the ground. The screaming continued, getting louder and louder over the sound of his own heart throbbing stubbornly in the dark figure’s hand. Dean wanted them to stop, but long, cold fingers covered his mouth as the dark one crushed Dean’s heart in his hand. His pain-etched face mirrored in the figure’s blood-red eyes, Dean exhaled a muffled yelp, shutting his eyes as a dull ache ran down his spine.
“I’m sorry, Dean.” Cas’ breath ghosted warmly over his skin, and Dean’s shiver had nothing to do with the crisp night air.
Castiel didn’t reply, lying down so that Dean could take care of him. Dean worked efficiently to thoroughly remove the white stickiness with the wet washcloth then dried them with the towel before discarding both on the floor.
“Where’s Jo?” came Cas’ voice from behind him.
He collapsed on top of Dean with a muted gasp, his hips jerking languorously as he came down from his orgasm. Dean placed a kiss on his forehead before turning his attention to his painfully erect cock. He grabbed the base, but Cas swatted his hand away.
“Are you okay?” Dean asked after a while, his voice rougher from the strenuous noises he had made.
Dean nodded silently, gazing at Cas’ profile as he studied the piano, a small scrunch lining his nose, tongue peeking between his lips as he fixed the inside of the piano with a scowl and pulled one of the strings lightly. “You must be tired,” Dean murmured without knowing why. “We should settle you in. The bedrooms are this way.”
“Yeah, at least in here you don’t have to put up with my smell,” Dean scoffed, squirming slightly in his spot when Cas’ gaze fell on him. It was a habit people always gave him crap about — putting himself down — but he couldn’t help it.
“Hey,” Dean brought a finger to Cas’ chin, coaxing him to look at him. They were so close; Dean could feel Cas’ breath catching and releasing, frail against Dean’s hand. “Stop running away from me…”
The man smiled sheepishly and Dean realized he was staring, but he couldn’t stop. The man was even more mesmerizing now that Dean’s head wasn’t all foggy because of a near-death experience.
He used his fingers to get under and around the shoulder blades and then leaned forward to knead Cas’ shoulders thoroughly in a gentle rhythm until Cas was sighing in contentment.
from the Greek term for ‘without water’. That is because it can’t be created on water, you see?” He wiped in mindful movements as he talked, faster on the way down, in the direction of the scales’ growth, more cautious on the way up so he wouldn’t pluck a scale by accident. “These gemstones come from parched areas where Gypsum crystals once sat in the company of water. As the years ticked on, the water dried up, and so the Angelite was born.”
Before he could finish, Cas brought Dean’s hand to his lips and placed a kiss against the cut.
Cas made a pleased sound, inhaling once, long and deep, before expelling the air out of his lungs slowly.
“I’m crazy about you, Cas,” Dean growled against Castiel’s mouth, watching him with lust-blown, heavily-lidded eyes, lips barely touching, both breathing too hard to maintain the seal of their mouths.
“You’re thinking so hard I swear I'm about to see a vein from your neck pop up.”
“I don’t think—”
“Fuck, Cas, I—” his voice was thick. Cas’ rich, musky smell overpowered the earthly scent of the forest. He breathed, hot and heavy into Dean’s mouth, surrounding them with the filthiest sounds. “I wanna see you.” Dean pulled back. “Your wings, all of you.”
Castiel let his hand fall to his side. He had changed clothes while Dean was gone, opting for an oversized wool sweater and a ridiculous pair of boxers with three yellow buns on the front and ‘You checking out my bun?’ written on the back. Dean cleared his throat and looked away, waiting for the other to sit down, crossed leg on the bed before placing the tray in front of him. “I didn’t know how you liked your coffee, so I brought milk, and that’s—”
Looking at Cas like this, however, tenderly smiling at his family, being taken in and welcomed in the blanket of their security; Dean wanted nothing more than to stay right here, where Cas was safe, especially after the recent news. Dean felt the uncontrollable need to just protect him, make him feel safe, make him smile that gummy smile of his that proved to Dean he could make Cas happy.
Cas looked away. “No…” he said, voice vacillating on the dragged out denial.
I wish to see you too, he wanted to say, but stopped himself from doing so. He didn’t want to burden Dean when he had more important things to deal with right now. When his life could be on the line if he didn’t remain focused on the task at hand.
“Yeah, but you didn’t. That’s a win in my book.”
Sam scoffed.
Dean cleared his throat and looked away. “Well… y’know, I really wanted to say thanks.”
“What’s going on?” Dean butt in.
“C’mon, with Castiel. How was it?”
“I’m so tired, Dean.”
When they got home, it was — much to Dean’s relief — silent and empty. They lingered by the doorway before Dean found the light switch and flicked it on, waving with a hand for Castiel to step inside. Cas’ luggage wasn’t much: a small carry-on and a larger trolley bag. They carried it inside and closed the front door behind them.
“Yes. By the time I understood that I needed you, I couldn't find you.” He pointed with his head to the necklace. “That might have been the reason. But I knew you would come to me eventually. You were born for this. The Righteous man with a curse so malign it connects him to me, to Hell, until he too becomes a fallen one. I need that connection, Dean. I need you.”
“What’s taking so long?” He got on his tiptoes to see the source of the delay. A tall man with broad shoulders and brown hair was arguing with a wide-eyed and much ready to get out of dodge Becky. Dean narrowed his eyes, he couldn’t understand what the man was saying, but if the way Becky flinched every two seconds was anything to go by, the exchange wasn’t exactly pleasant.
“You’re not supposed to be here,” the merman barked between gritted teeth before bringing a black device to his mouth with his free hand. “There’s a human here,” the guy said into the device — a radio, Dean realized belatedly. “How should I proceed?”
With a sigh, Dean decided to watch the window instead — the first rays of sunlight melted through the slit in the curtains. Outside, the sun was a ball of fire in the morning sky, bleeding red to the blue and purple fluffy looking clouds filling the early morning sky. Dean smiled, watching his private starlit sky one more time before turning the night light off, pretending (not for the first time) that the not-so-real stars could grant him his wish if only he thought hard enough.
Cas’ hands were flat against Dean’s back, slowly balling the shirt into a tight bundle, hard, possessively, as Dean deepened the kiss with the gentlest tilt of his head. He held Cas’ face, brushing his fingers across Cas’ cheeks until there were no more wet paths to chase away. “I’m here…” Dean whispered into the space between their mouths, cradling Cas’ face in his hands, surprised to find his own lips trembling. “You’re not alone,” he said between lingering kisses. “You have me. I’m right here with you.”
“If you call it a hookup one more time, I swear I’ll kick your ass, Dean Winchester.”
“Hold it!”
When Dean was a kid he always loved bedtime. Not because he was ready to go to sleep. Like most kids, he was always too stubborn to admit he was sleepy, but one of his favorite times was when Mary tucked him in to sleep and told him a bedtime story. They all involved the ocean. Most seemed too fantastic to be true, but some made Dean dream of finned beings that would protect him from anything. Even though Mary described them in detail, she never named those beings as merpeople, afraid of John’s fury if he ever found out she was painting the merfolk as anything but foe. But Dean knew; he knew she was talking about them and he dreamed of meeting them someday.
Dean’s hand tugged at Cas’ hair, letting him know how much he enjoyed this without words because as much as he wanted to, he couldn’t speak right now.
“And yeah, my brother found out you’re immune.” Dean continued despite the warm weight tucked around his back. “He's… he's just tryin’ to do his best with what he has… Sammy is hell-bent on finding a cure. And if taking a sample of your blood means he’ll find it, he won’t think twice about giving it a shot. Especially if that can cure me too.”
Dean scuffed at a patch of grass, a hesitant smile pulling at his lips when he looked up. “I guess, thank you, is what I’ve been trying to say.”
Dean wanted to know everything about him, and Castiel was happy to oblige, a need to share and know everything happening in their daily lives filling the very core of his being.
“Hands up!” He heard immediately.
Cas’ shoulders clenched, and suddenly it was like something warm and featherlike was folding around him, wrapping him in warmth. Dean sniffed, blaming the hallucination on the feelings trying to split him in half.
“Betcha not the first time you think that.” He sent a wink to Cas’ back who scoffed in reply.
So they had kept quiet, watching the stars for a stretch of heavy silence before Dean’s hand had slipped between them to find Cas’. “It will be okay, Cas. If you don’t wanna marry that asshole, you don’t have to. I’ll make sure of that,” he promised when blue eyes locked on his.
The ember of flames cracked like a whip inside his chest, lashing at his ribcage. “Not now,” he gasped, fumbling for his necklace, only half-aware that he wasn’t in a dream. The blood was thicker than he had imagined, dripping down the stripes of his pajamas. He reached for the wound above his elbow, the laceration from the bullet just enough to pull him over the edge, dragging him into the abyss that followed him everywhere he went. A gush of air escaped his lips, and then Dean was falling, the darkness pulling him under just as he rolled down the stairs, each step jabbing his small frame before he reached the bottom of the stairs.
He sat up on the couch, hands rubbing his eyes before he lifted his head to the guy. “Done?”
“What would you do then, huh, lil’ brother?” Gabriel continued. “You’d certainly miss me.”
“Fuck!” Dean looked around, frantically searching for the two familiar faces, spotting Charlie as the railing behind him snapped with a dull sound. The helmeted Croat reached for his neck, his nails finding their way into Dean’s skin and scratching him just as the railing broke away, and both of them fell through into the fourteenth-floor stairwell.
“I can take care of myself,” Cas noted sternly, inching closer before adding softer, “You don’t have to worry about me.”
Castiel freed a strangled noise, the friction alone enough for his cock to thicken between his legs as he thrust back. “Dean, please,” he begged, not sure what for.
“But what would we teach them, and how?” Charlie asked. “It’s not like we have guns lying around. And knives require more of a face to face combat which most of the group isn’t prepared for.”
“And how can I achieve that without you?”
Castiel hummed. “Anna and Michael. Anna is the youngest of us, Michael the oldest. What about you?” He tipped his chin in Dean’s direction. “Any siblings?”
“Being human sucks. Why would you want that for you?”
He dragged a hand over his mouth, ignoring the way it shook before he grabbed the wheel again in a white-knuckled grip.
“Hmm?”
Cas pressed his forehead against his, nose bumping Dean’s as he nodded. He pulled away, and their eyes locked together. A soft line puckered between his brows as he inhaled, and the color in his eyes gradually started glowing in the most beautiful shades of blue. Soon, two massive shadows were stretching against the streaming sunlight.
Jody took out a map, moving closer to Charlie to study the detailed outline of the area they were in. Dean left them to their avid discussion and took a look around, immediately checking each doorway as he slowly crossed the length of the alley, trying to force each one open to no avail.
As soon as he opened the door, Tara was on him. “Please understand.” She clasped the front of his shirt with a white-knuckled grip.
!!! Lastly, come say Hi to me
For a moment, he wondered if the way the blue in his eyes caught the moonlight reminded him of someone he had met a long time ago, far away in a playground as a child.
Castiel looked down, fiddling with the sleeve of his colorful sweater. When he looked up, his eyes found Dean’s. Dean’s smile came easy, lingering long enough to encourage Cas’ faltering confidence. “I can teach you,” Cas said, at last, offering the rest of the group a gentle smile, his expression changing from shaky to friendly in the same breath as the group readily accepted his offer.
“Okay, Cas, then what—”
Dean looked around when two more cracks came from his right, the grunts quickly amplifying and multiplying around them. “A horde?” Dean questioned, heartbeat faltering as he tried to control his breath. They usually had no problems with hordes so close to home, with only small groups or individual Croats managing to migrate this far up the forest surrounding the Keeper. The group that had attacked them at the crops had been enough to send their world to shit. And even though Cas had been able to fight them off then, Dean was afraid he wouldn’t stand a chance against a whole-ass horde.
Dean was happy. Castiel was, too, despite still being tired, it was evident in the way his smile was full, and his eyes shone even without his grace to make them glow.
the voice called, only this time it wasn’t a faceless dark figure from one of his visions; it was Lucifer, merely a few feet away from him.
“Ladybugs?” Dean’s eyebrows shot up.
Dean was allergic to face-to-face sex, the intimacy of it all scared the crap out of him. In an apocalyptic world, he couldn’t afford that. But still, it didn’t come as a surprise when he found himself lying on his back, arms open and welcoming for Cas to settle between his legs.
grumbled between teeth. “Let’s go back to the main road. Gotta be that trail with the chain blocking it we saw on the way here. Told ya we should have gone there instead,” he said over his shoulder, already making his way down.
Dean was frozen in place, only one thought running through his head — this was the most beautiful sight he had ever seen.
he repeated to himself, forcing his body to slow down, continuing the mantra before he started to feel more like himself again.
"Cas, I'm..." He tried to speak with a voice he didn't recognize, wasted and scratchy. The words were out of reach, and Dean found it impossible to form a complete sentence when every coherent thought was ripped from him with every thrust of Cas' cock filling him up and making him whole.
Cas started sobbing, his cries raking his body and making Dean’s vision blur in return.
Before he knew it, Charlie was at his side, with Missouri close behind, and soon a whole group of people Dean hadn’t time to single out was around them. He held the guy to his chest, the dark hair soft between his fingers, when Dean held the blue-eyed man’s head against his shoulder and picked him up.
Cas was watching with sadness pooling in his blues, and there was something else there, something Dean would rather ignore when he was so full of self-loathing.
He moved past Cas to grab his camera when slim fingers curled around his wrist to stop him.
With time Sam convinced him to leave. Since he still couldn’t face his and Cas’ bedroom, he asked Sam to grab a few changes of clothes and some other belongings for him so he could take them to a new bedroom on the opposite side of the fort.
“Seriously, you can’t say stuff like that,” Dean said after the man was out of sight. “Humans don’t call their significant other as mate. Though I have to give it to you, it got the job done. He scrammed.
“I wasn’t asking, Cas. You’re back; I don’t want anything to happen to you. Let me take care of you.”
“Dunno what you talkin’ about,” Dean muttered, looking at his feet.
“Get ready,” came the strained reply.
Castiel shook his head, regret swelling in his chest.
Dean let out a painful gasp, vision faltering and failing as he battled the agony filling his lungs and flaring inside his chest. The necklace was in place, so Dean knew as he squeezed his eyes shut that the flames would stay in, and no harm would come to the ones around him. But the turmoil happening on the inside always took a toll.
“Dean…”
Dean closed his eyes because damn, he wanted this. He needed Cas to stay, to be taken care of, and to fill his nights with something more than dreams of darkness. Cas’ breath caressed his skin, quick and faltering, and Dean fought the urge to reach out and bring their mouths together. It had to be Cas’ choice. Dean had promised long ago that he would only take what Cas was willing to give him.
“Yes, mom.” Charlie glanced down over the stairway rail, winking before disappearing around another curve on the stairs, her baseball bat firmly perched on her shoulder despite her smile.
Several moments passed — though Dean couldn’t tell since time seemed to stop for both of them — before Castiel pulled away, a small smile crossing his lips as he watched Dean.
Whenever he was alone he tried his hand at playing the piano. If he was to follow through with his promise of playing for Cas one of these days, he wanted to rekindle his skill. He started out simple, though after years of lacking the will to do it, he was surprised by the itch he felt radiating from his fingers ever since Cas had mentioned it. With the first press of a key, he couldn’t help the curl of lips from reaching his eyes. It was a little stretch of fingers that first time, and a short ‘Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star’ on the next try, but soon he found himself looking at his old partitions, deciding what would be the best song to play for Cas. It felt good to get back to his piano and look at the inky notes again. He was giddy and excited, and secretly happy he had someone to play for.
“So… getting along, are we?”
“The gate is still open, isn’t it? It’s not over yet,” Charlie concluded.
“You look like shit.”
Four days had passed before Dean had to leave home —
After a moment’s hesitation, Castiel drew closer and cautiously sat by the edge of the bed. “Hello, Dean,” he whispered, sure it was useless and that the other wouldn’t hear him. “Missouri says you’ll be alright.” He forced a thin smile.
“It’s more like a cold war, to be exact.” Cas cleaned his hands on the napkin and drank from his milkshake. “Lucifer’s clan hates ours almost as much as they hate humans.”
Despite his tender smile, Cas shook his head firmly. “That would be too much of a bother.”
It was a weak plan, but as Castiel regarded the necklace now, a sense of urgency surged through his veins. He had to try.
“C’mon,” Dean added, suddenly feeling lighter. “You don’t want to miss your first day outside.”
He held Dean close to his chest, rising to his feet with Dean in his arms. He beat his wings against the air and landed on the other side of the pit next to his friends.
“We did not.”
Yes, Cas finally admitted he’s in love with Dean. Now he just needs to tell Dean!!!
“Our parents’ deaths aren’t on him,” Sam said, voice smaller than his smile. He paused and took a breath. “But your life is. He saved you. I’ve seen how that day one year ago changed you. How much you fought to find him. And you finally get to have that. Stop…” His smile widened. “Stop being an idiot and don’t fuck it up.”
The music was blasting in the background. Dean stretched himself as comfortably as possible into the brown leather seat, letting his eyes grow unfocused as the truck pushed its way between the sea of abandoned cars along a stretch of highway. Charlie turned the steering wheel, guiding the vehicle to the grassy edge of the road.
Dean flushed at the compliment.
Kelly had given birth while he was gone to a beautiful baby boy named Jack. When she told Dean his middle name was Cas, Dean had smiled for the first time since his torment began. “Jack Cas Kline? That’s a beautiful name. Castiel would be proud,” Dean had gasped, excusing himself with the half-ass pretext of checking the wind turbine to isolate himself on the rooftop as Cas so often used to do.
The words alone were enough to break his will of not taking what he had been longing to for so long. Dean pressed a kiss to the hair behind Cas’ ear, nosing there for a moment, the scent of apples and mint filling his senses, before kissing the skin again, slowly and tentatively leaving a trail of chaste kisses down Cas’ neck. Cas’ skin was soft and warm and everything he needed.
Much to Dean’s relief, Cas had said yes to going out with him. As Dean feared, after that
To his surprise and his heart’s content, Dean was on the other side, all beautiful and solid, like a beacon of light in Castiel’s dull days. “Hello, Dean,” Castiel muttered.
Cas squirmed in his spot, fidgeting with the necklace lying on the couch. “Lucifer’s clan hates mine. He and my brother have been at each other’s throats for as long as I can remember.”
“What? If you’re gonna get all that, you’re gonna need an extra pair of hands.”
The corner of Dean’s mouth was quirking with pride by the time Cas was moaning around the first mouthful. Seeing Cas loving his food so much was the perfect remedy for how crappy Dean felt for what had happened earlier.
Castiel moved, hand drifting from Dean’s back to caress his hair, fingers playing across the short strands. Dean tightened his grip around the rail behind him, using all his restraint not to lean into Cas’ touch as his eyes drifted shut.
“Ash, you keep watch. If anything goes wrong,” Dean lifted his radio, “you know what to do.” Ash gave him a thumbs up in reply.
Cas raised his chin, eyes quickly accessing the space around them, with shallow, rapid breaths, but a new danger and determination flashing in his eyes as their gaze met again.
Dean heard Jo behind him, grumbling under her breath. They advanced at a slow pace, doing their best not to fall headfirst on the mix of dead leaves and old roots. Dean pushed away another stalk. They could barely hear the crunching of dead foliage beneath their heavy footsteps over the trilling birdsong and perpetual buzzing of the first cicadas of the season that didn’t seem fazed that a group of strangers was trespassing in their home.
“I will,” Cas said matter of factly. “I will watch over you.”
"Dean?" Cas frantically shouted as he drew near the pickup truck. "Dean!"
“When we made love?”
Standing in his bathroom, Dean faced his reflection in the mirror, unable to remember how he’d gotten home. He turned on the tap, letting some of the water fall into his cupped hands before splashing his face, rinsing away the taste of bile as he leaned heavily on the porcelain sink.
“Yeah.” Dean smiled, filled not for the first time with immense pride and happiness for having Sammy as his little brother. He had grown up to be the man their parents would be proud of raising. Even though any time Dean told Sam that, the answer was always, ‘Thanks to you, for raising me the way you did.’ Dean never felt like taking the credit, he did his job as the older brother, trying to fill up the cracks left by their parents’ death so that Sammy would never feel like the orphan that they were. “Thanks, man,” he murmured at last.
Draining the last of his coffee, he finally came to a stop next to the local flower shop. The Crossroads’ display had been set up beautifully with new blooms filling the glass view, its summer hints calling out for any passing customer.
“W—what? You know what it says then?”
They climbed up the stairs, Jess and Cas leading the way, with Sam and Dean following close by. Dean’s palms were sweaty by the time they reached the entrance.
Then it stopped.
“Dean? Are you alright?” he murmured as not to attract the others’ attention to them.
Dean let go of Castiel’s arm like he had been burned. “I didn’t mean to… I thought…” There it was; Gabriel was most likely his boyfriend and probably the reason he wanted to leave the fort so badly. Which fine, whatever, who cared anyway.
“He’s fine, son, calm down.” He brought gentle hands to Dean’s chest, coaxing him to lie down again. “Thanks to your stupidity.”
But none of that held a candle to how the sea made Dean feel. When he wasn’t at the bar, he was out scuba diving, working for Sam and the local museum he ran — the Lilyville Museum — not only taking photos but finding small treasures, exploring the seafloor and the local wildlife. He would lose himself in the endless blue, and on days like this, he couldn’t wait for it.
“Dean!” Cas glanced at him, giving him his best
The sky was clearer than the previous weeks which had clung to the winter’s harshness. He glanced at Castiel but he was watching the pitch-dark expanse instead. The stars flickered beautifully overhead, with most of the clouds gone and not too many street lamps to overshadow their intensity.
Dean scoffed, aiming for nonchalance, but was betrayed by the dopey smile that stretched from ear to ear. “Man, you’re such a sap.”
“What the hell is this?”
he thought melancholically to himself. Jody’s anger was justified. It was obvious to everyone that life had taken a turn south somewhere along the way; no need to put salt to the wound through bad graffiti.
His smile fell a little as he contemplated the bouquet still in his hands. He had picked daffodils because they were one of the first to bloom in the spring and were a symbol of rebirth and hope.
“Even if that means finding a cure?” Sam asked, massaging the sore spot Dean had just hit.
Dean passed the rest of the afternoon cleaning the moat around the fort. Between removing leaves, branches, and other debris sent by the wind and taking care of the Croats stuck to the spears jabbed into the floor lined along the Keeper’s walls, by the end of the day, Dean was in dire need of a shower.
As much as it was a mer’s essence, it was also their weakness on land. Whenever they got wet, either on a rainy day or taking a morning shower, the contact with water would transform their legs back to a tail, and a long fin would appear along the spine as well as shoulder fins. The gills on their necks were a different matter. As long as they were breathing air instead of submerged in water, the gills wouldn’t show up. But the tail was enough to put him in a weakened position. Balthazar used to tease him with a ‘like a fish out of water’ joke, but Castiel found it immensely annoying. He would much rather be able to control his transformation from marine-form to land-form, and the fact that he couldn’t, simply aggravated his unease about being on the drylands.
The smell was fucking horrendous, but the dragged out snarls and wails coming from the other side of their plastic shelter were even more terrifying. Dean shut his eyes, forcing his throat not to immediately expel each breath of air he inhaled through his nose.
“Castiel is a mer. That’s how he managed to save my ass in the middle of that fucking storm.” Dean squeezed his eyes shut. “It all makes sense now.”
“So, what do you think?”
, Dean told him one night.
Castiel was laughing and squirming beneath him, his giggles filling the room with warmth more dazzling than the sun ever could. “Stop, that tickles!”
Came the half-puzzled, half-amused poke.
“Didn’t take you for the counting stars type,” Dean heard himself saying after a while.
The improvised dance floor wasn’t big, but it was more than enough for the few couples dancing. Several heads turned in their direction as they walked towards it, fingers sliding between each other. If asked, Dean would deny his sweaty palm against Cas’, or the way his heart skipped a beat when they reached the middle of the make-shift wooden floor, and Cas turned to him, glancing around unsure, but eyes tender when he focused on Dean.
it said.
He swiped a hand over his face and faced the empty room. He needed to get over it and start finding a new roommate.
He didn’t fear dissipating from this world, not when he had never felt his heart as full as it was right now.
It was strange, as they passed through the main entrance with the heavy, rusty iron gate topped with the sign that read ’
“Selfish? Wanting to live is selfish?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Does he always have to act like he’s talking to a bunch of criminals?”
Humming quietly, he coaxed Dean to bend his knees and breached the tight muscle, sliding the first finger inside him.
“I—” Dean was about to tell her a few choice words when Castiel beat him to the punch.
So here he was, with his Baby to keep him company and a half-ass plan to keep him going. It wasn’t much, and it would probably end with his death instead, but his list of fucks-given today had reached zero a few miles ago. If by chance, the plan backfired and he couldn’t end Lucifer, if the Devil and his minions took that shot away from Dean, he was ready to off himself instead of letting them use him against his family and friends. Going out with a bang wasn’t the worst way to go in Dean’s book.
“I slept quite alright.” Cas sat, rubbing his eyes and glancing at everyone’s plates, most of them empty by now.
“What?”
“She’s gonna call her baby Jack—” Cas spoke at the same time. “W—what?” His pace faltered as he stared at Dean. A
A sudden thought had discharged like a bullet down his spine. “I—is Lucifer…” He stammered, afraid of the answer. The jealousy that raced up his entire body twisted his stomach into knots. “Is he your mate?”
Eventually, he reached the limits of the mountain and the end of the road.
“Saving Dean was the best part of my year,” Castiel replied; despite their bickering, he looked at Dean fondly. “I mean, not that any of it was pleasant,” he said after seemingly catching himself. “Not… not that it was unpleasant in any way either… meeting you, I mean,” he babbled. It was a little too cute for his damn good, Dean thought, unable to stop watching Castiel, probably all starry-eyed and shit.
Cas is such a dummy sometimes. He can’t see Dean would always love him no matter what, but until he realizes that we’ll have a bit more angst, ugh!!
. Secondly, he hated to be confined, which was an imposition seeing that Dean was bound to the bed in the infirmary. After that many friggin’ days, he would have come to dread the damned white walls if not for the specks of blue that were always present in his waking hours. Cas was there to stay, for now at least, and that thought comforted Dean more than anything.
“Very eloquent, Cas.” Dean winked, relishing in the way Castiel’s blush deepened beautifully, before looking at the counter between them. “Bet you’re questioning your life choices right now, huh?”
“Same with Jo,” Bobby continued. “She really looked up to ya.”
“I don’t need saving, Dean.”
As soon as the three rounded the pulled shut curtain, it became painfully obvious they had just been played. Dean ran to the open window, and there he was outside, dark hair still a mess, but steps quick and resolute despite the obvious fragility as Blue-eyes put as much distance as possible between him and the infirmary.
Castiel turned around so they were face-to-face, with Dean leaning over, impossible to escape those pools of blue. “What could I do to impress you, Dean?” he asked when their eyes locked.
“I can’t read your thoughts.”
Moving up, he bit Cas’ neck, smiling when the other gasped in surprise. Dean pulled away to look him in the eye, planting a kiss on his lips, before tugging Cas’ pants and boxers to his thighs and moving straight down to his cock.
“Do you want a repetition of last time?” Cole asked, voice filled with disdain as his eyes quickly met Sam’s before returning to Dean.
Problem was, Ruby was still inside, and when she tried to escape and return to the rest of her group, Sam had pursued her. He had explained later to Dean that he couldn’t let her run off with the book. The object was too important for them to lose. She had stabbed Sam during the fight, but he had managed to keep the book for himself before she had thrown a rope over the wall and jumped to the other side just as Dean and the others had come to Sam’s aid.
Their bedroom meant much more than a simple set of walls. He had been happy here, in this place filled with uncertainty and slight touches, but a world of tender kisses, hopeful dreams, curled around each other as the night kept the rest of the world at bay. Dean would always belong here, always belong to Cas, with his adorable frown, dorky tilt of the head, and snarky remarks. Dean would never truly say goodbye. Forever held captive by their shared memories — Cas’ favorite book in his bedside table, the feather he had offered Dean, the vows they had made to each other beneath the covers, wrapped together when morning came, kissing each other good day, morning breath and all.
“I bet you did.” Claire giggled.
“So, as you can see, it’s not ethically acceptable to give us only two portions,” the man, no, Jefferson, Dean recognized now, continued his argument with Becky as if Dean was invisible.
Cas’ eyes dropped. “Selfishly, I didn’t want to expose myself. Only Dean knew my true identity.” Dean felt all eyes turn to him, but he didn’t look up, too focused on staring at a random point on top of the table, desperately holding on to his last bit of self-control. “But also,” Cas continued, “because I didn’t know what to do with this information. Where would we even start to look for him? But that map,” he pointed with his chin, “that map will take me to him.”
Gordon stood in the middle, back turned to Dean, frozen, the muscles along his back rigid. The shimmer of a large drop of sweat rolled down the nape of his hair and along the glint of a blade pressed against skin that came into view when he turned his head slightly to the side. Blue-eyes stood defiantly in front of him, machete at hand, its sharp, steel edge pressed to the side of Gordon’s neck.
“Agora?” Castiel tilted his head.
“I’m fine,” he replied when the feeling of wanting to crawl out of his skin receded enough to let him speak. “Meet me at the library. We need to figure things out,” he added, glancing around the group, relieved his voice had come out somewhat steady.
“Then don’t. Just do what feels right.”
As soon as Dean reached the last storage house, where their vehicles were parked, Lisa joined the group, adjusting her backpack on her shoulders, a small axe in her hand, and an expression that screamed murder. “I’m ready,” she replied fiercely.
Cas cocked an astonished eyebrow at him.
“And are we just goin’ to ignore that Dean has been havin’ visions about a creature with red eyes ever since he was a boy?” Bobby remarked.
They made their way around the neighborhood with a tense silence between them that Dean longed to break, but he knew if he spoke up, he might risk ruining the agreement of letting things go.
“What do you mean?”
Maybe he had imagined the whole thing. A product of his mind trying to escape the hell consuming him barely moments ago. Dean raised his hand to eye level, studying his fingers, the way they closed around the air, he could still feel the warmth from the stranger’s hand filling the void he was now grasping. That felt more real than any nightmare his mind could fabricate. Dean buried his hands in the trench coat’s pockets, smiling at the realization. This ugly trench coat was all the evidence Dean needed. “I’m…” Dean turned slowly before nodding, not trusting his voice to provide reassurance.
“Sure.” Dean looked away, already heading to his right with Charlie close by after giving Castiel a radio.
Bobby sent him an amused look with a hint of something Dean couldn’t quite put his finger on. “Right.” He turned to Castiel then. “So, how’s this idjit treating ya? Hopefully better than he’s been treatin’ this old rag here.” He pointed a thumb to himself.
He sat up, letting the covers fall to his legs, dragging his hands over his face, thumbs pressing against his temples to ease the pain throbbing behind his eyes. He needed coffee and maybe three friggin’ gallons of alcohol, strong enough to knock him out. Maybe then he would get a good night’s sleep. Dean put the knife back under the pillow and got up.
The small brunette welcomed him with a cheeky smile. Meg was the resident worker in the flower shop; she did most shifts even though the shop belonged to her cousin Abaddon.
“And the kiss?” Cas’ question came low and vulnerable, causing Dean’s heart to stumble a few beats.
“I’ve been worse,” Blue-eyes rasped, closing his eyes again, a new, deep frown forming between his eyebrows and making the muscles of Dean’s jaw clench. Dean lowered his eyes to their linked hands. For some strange reason, neither of them had tried to break the connection yet. “That won’t be necessary,” the croaky voice cut through the silence. Dean sighed sharply; even without specifying, he knew exactly what the guy meant. Dean nodded and put the gun away for later use.
The seat loudly creaked as Dean slumped back, crossing his feet on the top of the truck’s dashboard with a sigh — he missed the worn-out leather of his Impala.
Probably scenting Dean’s distress, Cas’ voice came out small. “I—I’m not going to hurt you…” A vulnerability clogged every edge and dip of Cas’ words, deeply blended with the fear that Dean could see him as a monster.
“Bed,” Dean growled, “now.”
Dean scoffed and went around to snuggle to Cas’ front instead, sharing the pillow as he watched Cas close his eyes again, probably already drifting to sleep.
Cas had elaborated more about Lucifer the night before. The deal that had been struck with the asshole in order to appease his clan had been Michael’s idea. The animosity between both their clans had been growing ever since the Northwest Atlantic Merpeople Treaty was forged. In the last year it had finally reached its peak. Rumors of an imminent attack had haunted Cas’ clan for the past few months. Their clan was the only thing in the way of what Lucifer yearned the most — a war with humans. It was said Lucifer was planning on charging Cas’ clan before striking the first blow of what he hoped to be the beginning of his so sought-after war with humans.
This chapter fought me and took me so much time to write because I simply don’t like to kill off characters, even if it’s secondary characters, it still hurts. But hey, I need to go where the story takes me. I'm just glad  this one is done and ready and out there for you to read and hopefully enjoy even though this is an intense one.
He took Dean’s free hand and brought it to his lips, leaving a chaste kiss there. Then, because it became too much to bear, he burrowed himself into Dean’s side, arm loosely around his waist. It wasn’t lustful; it wasn’t the eagerness for something carnal; it was the search for pure comfort and reassurance that only Dean could provide. “Yes,” he whispered into the crook of Dean’s neck. “My answer is yes, Dean, I will stay.” He muffled a cry into Dean’s skin. “You said you’d catch me, and I wasn’t ready before, but I am now. So just open your eyes and come back… come back to me.”
Castiel was getting ready for another difficult day of learning how to avoid Dean Winchester and what his own heart yearned for, armed with a black v neck t-shirt and gray jeans when there was a knock on the door.
“You can come, baby. You can let go.”
“Dean left! He’s going to kill Lucifer before he can hurt you, it says.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What can I do to help, Cas?” Dean locked eyes with him again, hoping all the conviction swelling in his heart would pour out through them. Beneath all his thick skin, he was fucking scared; he was a goddamn coward when it came to Cas. But even if letting go of Cas would break him, he would do it if that was what Cas needed.
“On a more serious note…” Sam spoke, eyeing Dean from his cup. “Who’s the little spoon?”
before heading to shore to hit Subway and grab some sandwiches for lunch.
“It’s coming,” came the cold, anguished voice. “
Dean gripped the edge of the sink and closed his eyes before turning to watch Cas. Dean’s eyes followed the movement as Cas tucked his lips between his teeth, the bottom being sucked into his mouth, glistening in spit, marked by the gnawing of his teeth, waiting.
“You passed out on me,” he replied as the man faltered, looking alarmingly close to falling down. Dean instinctively reached out and gripped his upper arms. “Just when I was trying to thank you for saving my life,” he said, a little out of breath for some reason, all too aware their faces were suddenly too close. “You really need to stop doing that,” he smiled sheepishly.
“Shit!” Sam pulled away like he had been burned. “I totally forgot,” he grimaced.
Dean scoffed.
Whatever witty comeback Sam had on the tip of his tongue was stopped by the breaking news on the TV. It showed the most recent murder of a human being by a mer. Mass murders had stopped after the war, but just like humans, there were merfolk who simply didn’t like respecting the laws and enjoyed killing others, same species or otherwise. Of course, that never helped ease the prejudice that was so ingrained in society against merpeople.
As he crossed the cabin, he realized the rumble of the motor didn’t sound like Sam's car. Getting ready to berate whoever dared to come nagging him this early in the morning, he was glad he had left the mug back in the kitchen because as he opened the front door, the air was stolen from his lungs.
Until the brightest light Castiel had ever seen fell from above, mirroring Castiel’s fall from grace. Castiel was rummaging in an old hotel in a town he didn’t care to know the name of, and somewhere on the seventh floor, he saw him — Dean burned like a thousand stars all at once. And he was falling, falling fast and from high up above, with no chance of survival if he hit the ground. In one reckless instance, Castiel pushed forward and grabbed Dean’s hand, saving his life.
In the next blink the guy was dead on the floor.
Sighing, Dean watched the women move as directed. Dean and Ash went to the opposite side, where he waited with his fingers entwined at the back of his neck for Ash to enter the first door and start the screening. Dean waited a few minutes before being given the okay to step inside as well.
Cas’ eyes met with his briefly before Dean turned his attention to the patron in front of him — a blonde with full, red lips, fine curves and a low neckline. In other times, the way she was smiling up at him would be one short way to a great hookup. Today though, he greeted politely and took her order, but otherwise ignored her.
He started pumping Cas’ erection. It felt amazing between his fingers, heavy and thick with veins protruding and pulsing along its length. The head was a furious red and eager for more as Dean skimmed his thumb over it and worked in rough, hard pulls. Dean twisted his wrist on the way up only to drag his grip all the way down to the base.
“Just a few days ago, we were talking about recruiting. This could be our chance.”
“The question is, who are they looking for? Why should we bother listening to some strangers’ ramblings?” Jody spoke up.
“If— if that’s what you think it’s best.”
By the time they got to the truck, Castiel’s wings had vanished to the human eye. Castiel flexed his shoulder blades and unfurled them above his head, taking comfort in the way the vast, black-feathered wings spread into the sky. He could still feel the angelic grace rushing through his veins, tingling underneath his skin, trying to break through the surface, filling him with a renewed rush.
Dean usually left that type of thing for Sammy; he didn’t have any dreams left in him.
“No need.” Dean scratched the scruff on his jaw. “This is probably a waste of time anyway.” With a low sigh, Dean turned on his heel and raced after them.
Dean felt his muscles tense as he watched the rest of the group take their seats. His fingers quivered, a deep-seated need to reach out for Cas and wrap him in everything Dean could to protect him revving in his chest.
“You should get some rest too,” Claire muttered while passing by him, “You’re not exactly getting younger, ya know?”
“What is it?” came the mellow voice.
“I bet Castiel misses his home, being here will be like being back there. I’m sure it will be great.”
Red eyes, like the ones from Dean’s visions.
Dean chuckled. “That’s good to know, but I meant, how are you alive?” Dean tightened his hold around Cas’ waist. “How are you here in my arms right now?”
He hadn’t wanted to believe it when Cas said it, but Dean had anticipated that Cas would refuse to let the group go with him to face Lucifer. In his rush to make sure Cas was going to be safe, he didn’t even get the chance to say a proper goodbye, only having enough time to leave that letter to his brother. He had wanted to write one for Cas as well, but when he attempted to, the tears blurring his vision made it impossible to do.
“Anything… something you like. What makes you happy?” He was watching Dean with a fervor in his eyes that reminded Dean of when he was a kid watching his mum drawing patterns in the sand with a wooden stick.
“Tell me something about you,” Castiel broke the companionable silence between them.
“Okay, but what makes you think that guy is in there?” Charlie approached him, the muscles in her face tightening as she looked at Dean like he had lost his mind. And maybe he fucking had.
They married in the middle of July, with the sunlight casting a warm, orange glow over the arrangement of chairs and the arch of flowers. The ceremony was held at the local park in memory of their first meeting when Dean was four. Most of the town was there; all their friends and family from the Clouds’ Keeper were present. Donatello officiated the ceremony, and with tear-streaked faces and smiles stretching their lips wide, Dean never felt happier.
The first meeting with the water always felt like being born again, his legs merging and glowing momentarily as the molecular structure changed to a long, robust frame of flesh and bones covered in scales, each one small as a fingernail, sleek and soft as rose petals, yet firm as a ripe apple. He felt the fin along his spine erupt through his skin as well as those along his shoulders. The first few times he had gone through the transformation, the burning sensation of his spiny fins breaching through his skin had been something he didn’t look forward to; nowadays, though, he was accustomed enough to the change that the tingling feeling was the only thing that remained.
as they had baptized the cabin cruiser in honor of their mother — cut through the water with ease. Today they wouldn’t stray too far from shore even though their boat was a rugged-ocean and rough-weather performer and Dean enjoyed taking her out into open sea. But for the shots Dean needed today, there were plenty of findings close to the coast, and they were more than happy to explore the local marine life.
Please don't forget to
I love me some drunk Dean spilling his feelings. Though he’s not that drunk, so, as much as he would like to, he can’t blame it all on the alcohol lol
She would totally be Dean’s type if not for his strict policy of not getting himself involved with mer.
Dean didn’t know what scared him the most: the way the endless dark blue seemed to devour him inside its torrent, or the loss of control he was feeling at the moment.
Gabriel teased him sometimes for being such a loner, but Castiel had never felt that longing for anyone before. Never that connection that was supposed to be stronger than anything else in the world, the type you can die for. Maybe he just lacked the capacity to feel it like his kin, to yearn for a mate like he was supposed to. Or perhaps he needed a chance to be proven wrong. He thought about Anael; she had clearly shown interest, and, as she said, the lack of marks on Castiel’s back was a tell-tale indication that he was still available.
He had finished taking a leak and was washing his hands when he heard a loud thud coming from outside.
Dean reached his bedroom without talking to anyone else, grateful that no one had followed him inside. There was a coarse pressure drilling behind his eyes. All the hairs in his body stirred, the overwhelming wave of cold nausea making him rush to the bathroom. He closed his eyes tight, clutching his stomach as guilt and grief tightened their constraints around his chest; their vines so taut it made it impossible to breathe. He coughed as the wave of nausea hit him, his muscles heaving as he opened the lid of the toilet just in time to spew the contents of his stomach.
Dean heaved an amused sigh. A slight smile rose to his lips before he bit his bottom lip and moved closer to sit by the edge of the sofa, his thigh brushing Cas’ arm as Dean shifted on his spot to face him, an arm casually slung over the back of the sofa as he watched Cas. “I was going to say it was a good sight. Seeing you like this, so serene.”
“Don’t think you can get rid of me that easily. I raised these boys. Not gonna let anythin’ happen to them if it depends on me.” Bobby stood up as well.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Angel? As in the movies, angel?” Sam was the first one to break the silence.
“Hey!” Sam greeted, putting down his pencil to stretch his arms above his head.
“And was it…” Dean cleared his throat. “Y’know, satisfactory?” he rasped.
There were several gasps, and Dean saw Charlie covering her mouth with her hand, Bobby slowly removing the cap from his head, pressing it to his chest, in an almost reverent gesture. They all seemed unsure of how to react until the glow of Castiel’s grace subsided and his wings were out of sight once again.
, he entreated as he cut Dean’s palm with a knife. And Dean did. Dean would trust him with his life if it came down to it.
The tattoo shop was on the other side of town and Dean let himself enjoy some Led Zeppelin as he drove along the coast, the sea as beautiful from under as it was looking from the surface, its enthralled blues reflecting the oranges of the sunlight as the waves broke on the shore and dragged along the sand. Its peaceful melody entered through the rolled down windows and filled the background of ‘Since I’ve Been Loving You’ with new accords.
Becky's voice met his first step outside his room. Dean froze, spine immediately going straight as an arrow as he closed his door as silently as he could, slowly moving along the corridor, doing his best to remain invisible as he reached the end of the hallway and turned left into safety. Dean made a hasty escape down the two flights of stairs leading to the main lobby, but before he could make his triumphantly unnoticed exit, Claire hopped in front of him.
“Just because we didn’t have penetrative sex doesn’t mean it lacked the sentiment… and the way you surrendered to me… that was the most honest moment of my life. None of it was a lie.”
would be the one to find
“You taste so damn good,” Dean rasped as their eyes held each other.
“It’s just…” She paused, hugging herself. “Ever since what happened to Ben, and then you got shot… I didn’t have the chance to… you know, apologize and also thank you… for what you did for Ben—”
“I cannot believe we’ll have honey of our own! All the possibilities. We can use it in drinks, on food. Honey cookies. Honey cake!”
“Okay, fine!” She threw her hands in the air in defeat. “No candles, gotcha. A knife then.”
Castiel’s fingers disappeared, leaving Dean feeling empty and cold. That sensation didn’t last, though, and shortly after, he felt a new pressure against his hole.
Castiel shook his head heavily. “Shouldn’t you be more… shocked with this revelation?”
“It’s just a few blocks away, Dean, there’s no need—”
As it was, though, Castiel couldn’t help the hopelessness settling into the pit of his stomach. They had been too late and judging by Lucifer’s victorious smile as he watched the hollow of the abyss taking shape around Dean, this had precisely been what he had wished to happen.
Dean raised an unimpressed eyebrow at her. “Really?”
The door flew open, and Cole barged in. “If you don’t come back right away, we’ll use force. I’m not fucking kidding!”
Dean couldn’t remember the first days. Charlie, Sam, and Bobby brought him back to the Keeper, dragging his unconscious ass across the country and back to the safety of their community.
“I need to take Riot for a walk.” He slipped between Cas and the wall. “Otherwise he’s gonna piss all over my furniture and then I won’t answer for my actions when fuckin’ carnage happens.”
Kevin shook his head, chin pressed flat against the top book, holding the pile with tenuous strength. “Goodnight,” he said quietly over his shoulder while Dean held the door open for him.
“I—” Cas hesitated, squinting his eyes at him. “My name isn’t—”
“Anyway, just wanted to say goodbye. I’m leaving.”
“I was thinking we needed food!” Gordon heaved, massaging the side of his neck when Sam and Bobby finally succeeded in pulling Dean away. “And the kid knew exactly what he was getting himself into.” Dean’s body stiffened at the remark. “And because of that, now we have food,” Gordon continued, “so the way I see it, Jeff died a fucking hero. Which is all that any of us can hope for…”
“I’d like to join as well.” Donna came to stand by her side. “I was supposed to be watching the classroom while Sam was on patrol.” She rubbed her neck, not making eye contact with anyone in the group. “They asked me to go to the bathroom, and I didn’t think anything of it. I mean,” she shrugged heavily, moving the sledgehammer hanging heavily in her hand back and forth as she spoke. “I couldn’t imagine they were planning something like this. How could I know? Maybe if I had taken a closer look, maybe there were clues I didn’t—”
The blood-curdling scream caught him by surprise. It pierced through the grunts surrounding Dean and the truck while muffling Claire’s cries that only increased in pitch as the sounds of a struggle could be heard above him.
“Hey!” he waved the smoke from his face. To be fair, Lisa had been nothing but patient since they had broken up. That was one of the things that had made him fall for her in the first place. Well, that and those brown doe eyes with matching hair that came along with the idea of a family and a boy at hand.
A warm summer day had greeted them that morning, with colorful and vibrant blossoms and sweet scents bursting to life under the bright sunlight.
Something clasped his chest with an iron grip that almost matched the way his arms refused to put Cas down. Dean closed his eyes, took a deep breath, held it, then let it out in a long, mournful exhale. With everything in him screaming against it, he crouched down to gently drop Cas on the sofa.
Castiel replied with a smile, pretty pink lips curling up and illuminating his whole face, with lines webbing out from the corners of his eyes. “Morning, Dean.”
“Yeah, you did well. Look, whatever happens, you found him. That’s the first step.”
The man looked away, hugging himself against the relentless wind, looking much smaller all of a sudden.
“If it’s in the saliva. Couldn’t it pass on through kissing?”
“Yeah, let’s go.”
Despite the few Croats in the far distance, the sun and the quiet seemed to promise to evaporate Dean’s anxiety over Cas’ talk about leaving. And, sure, having Cas by his side also helped to ease Dean’s worries, with his cheeks warmed pink by the sunlight and the cute little webs on the bridge of his nose as he squinted at the water and waited for the fish to bite.
“Not nearly enough for all the mouths waiting to be fed,” he said with an edge of disdain. “Look, I know you’re upset.”
“There’s nothing between Lisa and me.” Castiel heard Dean stepping forward, and even without looking, he could imagine Dean’s hands clenched in fists, the hard line along his spine matching with the furrow digging between his brows.
“Awesome.” Dean grinned.
Dean swallowed the small lump of unease forming in his throat, giving her a curt nod in return before turning his eyes to the road — the freeway was jam-packed with abandoned cars, and they had to take a back road to reach the city. Rule of thumb — you stay the hell away from cities. You don’t go there unless you’re looking for trouble — trouble in the form of ugly-ass starved Croats and mercenaries who would sell their own mother if the price was right. But they had already looted most of the surrounding areas back home, stripping the area bare. As risky as this plan might sound, nothing worthwhile was absent of a bit of danger.
Castiel stilled.
Dean wasn’t a moron and he certainly wasn’t blind. He knew he didn’t look too bad. There was a charming quirk to the way he carried himself. With a few alluring smiles, a wink at the right moment, and some routine small talk, he could end up in bed with anyone he wanted. He never spent the night, though, never asked for a phone number, and when they placed said number in his hand, he smiled graciously but threw it away as soon as he was alone again; he wouldn’t call back. He wasn’t made for the long-term shit, holding hands and daydreaming about someone else. He had plenty to give with his body — twenty-four-seven, he was on — but giving something else was more complicated.
But between wanting to be and actually being, there was one hell of a distance, and after a year, even Dean’s stubbornness wasn’t enough to make it work.
Cas bit down tentatively, hands fisted on Dean’s clothes, rolling forward, and Dean could already feel his arousal building and pooling at his center, coiling hot in his gut, cock aching with want. Dean gave a sharp, shallow thrust, meeting Cas’ crotch and dragging a throaty whimper from his perfect plump lips.
Cas’ wings, Dean realized in awe.
“The red-eyed one, he’s a fallen one like me. Cast out of heaven as well, though, for opposite reasons. He hated humans, you see, always did. He took over Hell after being rejected by Father.”
But not with the bonfire; for Dean, the bonfire represented everything they accomplished each year. It was a time for celebrating life and unifying the community.
He was so distracted by dreams of a green-eyed beauty that he became careless and got bitten. He wouldn’t turn, that much he knew, but he would get a fever, maybe even turn delirious. So when he opened his eyes next and saw Dean right there, near enough where Castiel could touch him, he was sure he could only be dreaming.
“But none of us have experience using it.”
Both Sam and Jess spent the drive back making amends for their screw up. Their remorseful eyes as they repeated their apologies over and over slowly soothing some of Dean’s anger.
“It’s a candid photo.” Dean shrugged. “Always heard those are the best.” He looked at the camera, avoiding Cas’ gaze. “And, not gonna lie, you’re goddamn photogenic.”
It was late in the night when they emerged from the cavern. The static of Dean’s radio was the first thing welcoming them outside.
“Surely,” came the swift reply, matching Dean’s relief.
"Heya, Cas," Dean replied with a tender smile.
“So, how about a shower?” Dean asked Cas when the front door closed behind them.
Dean nodded slowly, watching Cas’ eyes dance with memories, delight melting into sadness as the weight of what had been taken away from him settled between them.
He dismissed everyone at first, not even flirting back when someone approached him, but the glances thrown by everyone around him — like he already had one friggin’ foot in the grave — made him force his flirty-self back into action. Anything that would get them off his back.
The first brush of muscles against his was almost enough to push him over the edge. Cas kissed him again, tender and lovingly, mouth puzzling together with his, tongue reverently gliding against Dean’s upper lip before determinedly moving in. And Dean opened up, let him take what he wanted, tongue dancing around Cas’ and swallowing the shivered breaths.
“Don’t… don’t you leave me,” Dean begged, white-knuckled grasp gripping and pulling at Cas’ shirt.
“Mornin’,” he said around a yawn. “Up so early?”
Castiel shook his head. “I think it’s time for me to leave.”
“Dean?” Cas looked at him in confusion.
Cas hummed shakily and moved on trembling legs to press his thumb at Dean’s entrance, hand splayed over the globe of his ass. Cas teased the puckered skin for a moment before pushing past the first ring of tight muscle, whispering, “Are you sure you—”
Dean just smiled down at the blushing, awkward mess Cas had become and took pity on him. “There are worse ways to spend the day. Meeting you, I mean,” he echoed Cas’ words, sending him his best grin when their eyes locked.
“Do I think you can fix whatever messed up condition I have? Judging by the general lack of luck I have, probably not.”
“Hold up.” Dean raised a hand, suddenly nervous. “Like a meet-the-parents kinda deal?”
“Business or pleasure?”
“I can’t go without…” If at least he could remember; the name on the tip of his tongue, why couldn’t he remember? “Not without him.”
‘Your Song’ by Elton John started playing, and Dean had a sudden, strong urge to smash the damned cassette player on the ground. Every few beats of the music, Dean would allow his gaze to find Cas dancing in the middle of the crowd, the petite brunette in his arms.
He climbed the stairs, two steps at a time, and was rapping his knuckles on the door to Castiel’s room before he could change his mind.
“Yeah?” Charlie looked at him, forehead puckering as she nodded.
filling his heart that felt too big for his body.
Dean smiled sheepishly and covered his face, feeling a soft blush heating his cheeks and the tip of his ears. “Not that kind of bursting. The more… sexual type.”
Dean noticed the necklace, not for the first time. It was made of tiny chains of silver, with a blue gemstone pendant that Dean couldn’t identify. Though judging by the size of it, and how Cas didn’t seem to mind showing it to everyone who cared to see, it had probably more of a sentimental value than monetary.
“I love it, Dean, every single piece of you. I…” He paused, biting his bottom lip as if he had talked too much, as if Dean wasn’t supposed to hear it. But Dean wanted it; he needed every single shred Cas could give him.
“No fucking way!” Dean stepped forward, coming into Castiel’s view.
The worst possible outcome had happened — his true identity had been revealed to Dean no less. Truthfully Castiel didn’t regret it; it had been to spare Dean’s life after all. But the tragedy of it all was Dean having to find out like this.
“I’m listening,” Dean shouted, crossing his arms in front of his chest.
“I apologize, I didn’t mean to pry.” He shifted awkwardly. “My brother, Gabriel, made me do it and… I confess I got curious.”
Dean jerked his shoulder free and took a step back, not because he was afraid, the waves of his panic had dulled the moment he had decided he was done letting his curse and this creature dictate his life. But his repulsion for Lucifer made it impossible to remain close to him. “If you think I'm gonna beg for my life, think again, asshole. You wanna kill me? Just go ahead and do it.”
“It’s alright. I quite like it, actually. It’s another piece of home you’re giving me.”
Today was his day off, but he started his morning before his alarm would normally go off on a workday. He still wasn’t used to having a regular sleep routine without any nightmares, most of them filled with Cas dying in various painful ways, but he managed to get his typical four hours most nights, though. As always, his first priority was to start the coffee machine. Grabbing the bag of grounds from the countertop, he dumped some into the coffee filter before pouring the water into the machine and turning it on.
After the second attempt at ringing the doorbell, Dean started to question if he should have brought his spare keys with him. Before he could dwell on that, a petite blonde with round, blue eyes opened the door.
The room was silent except for the sounds coming deep from Cas’ lungs, and Dean felt like he had been mourned in more ways than he could imagine. Dean made soothing sounds as he held Cas and just let him cry. In all of this, his only regret was not being able to be there to keep Cas’ from hurting like this. A sick pang of guilt came like a stab through his chest, and there was nothing he could do to change that. So instead, he just held on tight until Cas’ whimpers subsided, and he stopped shaking so much.
“Dean!” Lisa urged. “We need to go.”
He got up and opened the drawer from the bedside table, reaching for the velvety box in the far back. Cas was sitting on the bed, watching him as Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “I wasn’t sure you were ready, that’s why I was waiting but…” He kneeled beside the bed. “I know that I love you. Ever since you gave me my necklace and every moment after, I’ve been waiting for you.” He opened the box; inside were two simple platinum bands. “I don’t know if I believe in other lives, but if that’s true, or if we meet in heaven after, I know you’re it for me. I’ll always belong to you. So… Cas, will you marry me?”
Cas’ muscled form slowly rocked into Dean one more time before
Cole didn’t bother to reply, pointing with his head to the first door on the right.
“The way you controlled Dean’s… condition,” he concluded, not taking his eyes from Cas. “You hugged him, and it was over… the turmoil on the inside that’s fucking visible on my brother’s face each time he gets cut. With the necklace, we know the fire will stay inside. But it’s always there nonetheless.”
Dean woke up to a gentle nudging as Cas turned in his arms. The honeyed glow of the afternoon sunlight kissed a halo against Cas’ back as Dean watched the sleep gradually ebb away from him before Cas’ eyes peeled open slowly.
He went back to the two-story room where his truck waited. The side door was open. At first glance, everything looked the same, until he noticed their weapons were gone.
