Steven laughed.  “I didn’t notice. I hope they make it here, but the odds are pretty bad with all of Governor Roxxon’s shenanigans.”
One night in early September, the rains came. Everyone could feel the pressure in the air all day and walked around glancing at the sky. The sky stayed blue until the sun set and about an hour after dark, lightning streaked through the sky and thunder crashed all around. The storm was imminent.
Tony turned to look at him and leaned close, kissing him, touching his lips to Steve’s softly, tentatively at first. Steve raised his hand and placed it on the back of Tony’s head, running his fingers through the soft hair as the kiss deepened. Steve parted his lips and met Tony’s tongue with his. A soft sound escaped Steve as they moved closer. Tony put his hands on Steve’s shoulders and moved closer still as Steve sat back.
Steve nodded and stood with Tony in his arms. Tony wrapped his legs around Steve and let him carry him to the bedroom and to the huge bed centered against the wall.
“Sounds like a fine idea to me. I can’t wait to get you out of those wet clothes.”
“No, but I’ve been thinking about your long legs and those broad shoulders since the first time I laid eyes on you. It’s probably an awful idea, but I’m willing to give it a shot.”
Steve walked with him back to the common room. Natasha whistled.
The whole gang tried to hang out together as a group sometimes. They had movie nights on Friday if they were all in the Tower. Thor tried to make movie nights because he got endless snacks and sometimes Clint and Nat sat on either side of him and flirted with him all night.
“Never been this way before, Stark,” he finally said.
Steve grinned at him. “You sneaky shit!” He sat up on the edge of the bed for a few moments then went to the bathroom. Tony went when he got back.
Tony shrugged.
“Why not? Do we get to ride the bike?”
“Why did you need to see me?”
As he looked at the photos of Tony, he rubbed himself through his trousers. He needed more, needed to touch skin, his skin. He unzipped himself and pulled his trousers down, freeing his cock.
“It’s all right. I was so little before the serum that no one ever saw me naked. My ribs stuck out and my stomach was sunk in. I had no muscles and my knees were bony. It’s all right. Scars are part of life and they’re beautiful.”
The next day, Clint asked her what the look was about.
“I forgot, Pepper said you need to call her. She has some news on your backpay.”
“If you want to.”
“How about I wash my front and then you do my back without looking?”
Steve stood still, making Tony come to him. Their kiss was intense, more than intense. Steve held Tony tight against him, sucking and biting his tongue as Tony plunged it into his mouth over and over.  Tony let his hands slide down Steve’s back to his ass. He pulled hard on him, jerking Steve against his own body, feeling Steve’s cock, thick and hard already.
“Want a cool bath or a shower?” Steve pulled his own shirt over his head as he asked.
Oh fuck! Rogers had a thing for him? Shit! That wasn’t good, because he’d had a crush on Steve Rogers since he was four years old. It was only after he hit puberty that the crush got bad enough that he’d jerked off to old clips and photos of Rogers more than he’d ever admit to anyone.
After he ate, the sheriff wandered over to the bar and leaned up against it beside Stark.
“Kind of short details,” Tony mumbled. “Did you have a girlfriend back east? Where did you fight?”
This was porn about him and Tony!
“Friday okay?”
“Am I bothering you?” Steve arched an eyebrow. How could any man look that good?
“Here? No. I go back to my quarters.”
On the ride back, Steven was quiet.
“Come back to bed, then, Steve.”
“Which one was I fucking, Tony?”
Steve walked in as he stood naked in front of the open refrigerator, drinking water straight from the bottle, then grabbing another when he was done with that one.
Steve nodded and took out his phone. He opened an e-book file and started to read as Tony went back to work. Tony had J.A.R.V.I.S. play some AC/DC, but he still couldn’t seem to concentrate on his work today. He looked at Rogers. Yeah, that was the reason.
“Tony, I – I – we – a long time ago, we were more than friends and I – I think I still love you,” Steve finally managed to blurt out.
Tony fidgeted a little. “I love you?”
He made his way to the workshop. He looked at DUM-E. “Don’t you say a word,” he said to the little robot. He worked on some tweaks to the suit and fiddled with an upgrade to some of the Tower’s security protocols. About 4 pm, he realized he needed some food, so he made his way to the kitchen.
“Are you and Pepper, uh, she doesn’t seem to live here…” Steve let his question trial off.
Tony looked up from his welding and flipped his welding mask up. “I ignored it. Big difference.”
When he returned to the bed, he kissed Steve. “Hmm, mouthwash!”
“Good evening, Tony. Do you have an update for me?”
“I can’t see me in little red hearts,” Steve said dryly. Tony actually had boxers with tiny red hearts all over them, probably more than one pair, if the times Steve saw them was any indication.
"Bad stuff," was all Iron Man said.
"Stark!" Steve cried out.
Peter opened his mouth to ask about the files right when Tony walked in. "Everyone out."
"Can we see it?" Clint's eyes lit up.
Slowly, the light faded. The dragon lay motionless on the ground, its head blown to bits. Steve held back the bile in his throat at the such a grotesque sight. The soldier's eyes traveled from the corpse to the person who had just saved his life. "Oh god...TONY!!!"
"Where's you spider brethren?" He asked Henry. "He leave you here while he went on patrol?"
Morning rolled around and Peter still hadn't come home. Tony had stayed up all night, working in his lab to distract himself. Around noon he decided to call Peter. It only rang once before Peter picked up.
"Good choice," Deadpool nodded once. "But that still doesn't really answer my question. You're like twelve-"
"Um...where did Green Giant go?" Tony said over the comms a few minutes later.
Tony grunted as he pushed himself up on his elbows. The arc reactor was hanging from its housing, the protective glass completely shattered. Steve reached under him and pushed the device back in. The locking mechanism turned out to be broken, and the reactor fell out as soon as Steve pulled away. He felt sick, looking at Tony's heart hanging from of his chest by a few thin wires. "I have an idea."
"No. Just a sedative. The last antidote clearly didn't work. We'll have to start from scratch."
"I beg to differ."
"Good lord..." Tony breathed out, eyes wide. He had wanted to hurt Bruce for so long, but right now he felt more grossed out than satisfied.
"I didn't know," Clint admitted. "Not until after Tony let us meet you, and I found out your last name."
Steve hurried towards the voice. He found Iron Man leaning against an overturned workbench. "Oh, buddy..." Steve's voice was heavy with sympathy as he knelt down next to his friend. Iron Man's armor was riddled with dents and scratches. The glass casing over his arc reactor had shattered, the light behind it flickering. Part of the faceplate was broken off, revealing the machinery underneath. A blue light shone from Iron Man's eye socket. "Who did this to you?" He gently turned Iron Man's head towards him, trying to get a better look at the damage. Iron Man jerked away.
Slowly, Steve got to his feet and moved along the wall, making his way to one of the skeletons. It must have once been a knight, considering the bits of armor that still clung to the corpse. In a way, its helmet reminded Steve of Iron Man, with its thin eye slits and well-defined frown.
Pretty soon everyone was gathered on the porch and ready to travel. Clint was more than happy to be getting a piggy back ride from Thor again. They made their way across the forest in utter silence. Until Clint got bored and decided to pick a fight with Tony. Both Bruce and Natasha got involved in the argument, while Thor just laughed, commenting on how petty everyone was being. That just pissed Tony off even more. Steve didn't know why Clint was trying to pick a fight with the only one of them who had an actual weapon on his person. Thankfully, Tony made to move to use his gauntlet against the archer.
Peter winced, "fine by me." Venom screamed. Peter also let out a battle cry as the two lunged for one another.
"He knew he was going to die. Mr. Stark made a lot of mistakes in his life. And he was trying to make up for all of them by creating me. He told me my purpose is to make the world a better place." Iron Man had responded.
Peter was allowed to join the team for dinner for the first time that week. He sat in between Natasha and Clint, dragging his potatoes around his plate with a spoon.
"Dad said you quit Oscorp," Harry said, looking a bit sad.
Currently, Peter sat in the backseat of an old beat up truck. Wanda said they were going to Chicago, but didn't explain why. They had been driving all day and Peter was bored with looking out the window. Now he was looking at a tiny black disk in his palm. A bright red button was in the middle of the disk. He had found the object in his belt next to the photo. On the back of the disk the words "don't panic" had been carved into the black metal. Peter took out the photo and read Tony's note again. He felt a strong urge to press the red button. And so...he did.
"Tony, move your hands!" Sam ordered. Tony did so, instantly regretting it when Peter opened his mouth wide in a blood-curdling scream. "Enough!" Sam slapped Peter across the face. Hard. Peter's eyes snapped open, his screams abruptly cut off.
Spider-man punched Iron Man in the jaw, denting the faceplate. Iron Man retaliated by ramming Peter's head into a metal table. The table bent under the force, and Peter went limp. Tony stepped back and lifted his face plate. "Oops."
Bruce grabbed Peter's arm and injected him with the blue liquid. Peter instantly relaxed, the pounding in his head fading. The fear, the anger, all of it, gone for the time being. Peter let out a shaky breath.
"I've felt worse," Iron Man shrugged. "I have a plan, by the way."
Peter visibly tensed. "I'd rather get food first."
Thank you for reading! :D
"Maybe. Why don't you go ask it?" Tony huffed. He was running as fast as his legs could carry him.
"Iron Ma-uh, I mean Tony."
"You don't have to give me anything, ya know," Peter said quickly.
"I don't want to fight you, Steve!" Tony took a defensive stance but refused to activate any of his weapons.
"I am," Iron Man said. "Excuse me." The cyborg wandered off down the hall. Thor watched him for a moment, before shrugging it off and going to find his favorite scientist.
The Avengers came rushing in almost instantly. Michelle hung just outside the door. Inside the room, she could hear a mix of horrible sounds. People yelling, gunshots, repulsor blasts, glass shattering. That inhuman snarl of the symbiote. Peter's own scream sliced through the air. The fighting continued as if no one had heard it. Michelle had to do something. She was suddenly aware of just how heavy her book bag felt. She dipped one hand in it, fingers brushing over the cold metal at the bottom. She started to take the gun out. "No..." She shook her head and put it back. Tony had given her the gun to protect not only herself but also Peter.
"Leave it to Stark to fuck things up," Clint muttered. He was sitting off to the side, with Natasha checking his ankle.
Part of the ceiling fell down and Peter scrambled to get out of the way.
Steve lounged on the couch in the common area, slowly reading through a sci-fi novel Peter had recommended. It was a lazy Sunday morning, and for once, the facility was quiet. Mostly because Clint had left to spend time with his family. Natasha and Rhodey were also gone, helping SHIELD search for Banner. Sam was out on his morning run and wouldn't be back for awhile. Steve really wasn't sure where Vision was. Probably off somewhere moping over Wanda. Steve's eyes wandered from his book and over to the window. Sunlight drifted in through the large panes of glass. Not a cloud in sight to obstruct the warm rays.
"Real mature," War Machine shook his head.
of them." Tony took a deep breath, although the sound didn't quite make it through the helmet. "You and I are both outcasts, buddy."
Spider-man
"I'll let you know when I figure it out, Bucky-boy."
not to get involved."
"If you're so worried, then you can go play bodyguard." Tony made a shooing motion with his hand.
"Hey, now!" Harry snapped.
"Yeeeaaah, no. I'd rather not." Iron Man turned his attention back to the Hulk. "Do what you gotta do, Junior Birdman." He called to Clint. Spider-man tried web slinging up to Iron Man, but his web was cut by Cap's shield.
"Just call me Steve. Speaking of names, you call your father by his first name?"
"What's that?" Natasha hovered the mouse over a file titled "Research".
"Are you sure? You sound sickly."
"Shut it, Rogers," Tony jerked his head in Steve's direction.
"I find that really hard to believe. Considering I just found you sneaking around like a rat," Bucky shot back.
Iron Man did a barrel roll to throw Obadiah off him.
"I'm sorry, Tony, but I can't let you do this."
"You were in control of the suit at the time. Not him," Peter's hand ghosted over his chest, but he quickly pulled away from it. "You've caused all my scars."
"Tony-"
Steve hadn’t left his side since dinner last night. Because in all honesty, the soldier was afraid Tony might try to turn himself into a robot again if he was left alone. Or that he might try to hurt himself in some other way. He hadn’t told the team what had happened last night. It was up to Tony if he ever wanted to share that. As far as the team was concerned, they just thought Tony and Steve were making up for lost time by becoming inseparable. Steve had even spent the night in Tony’s bed. They didn’t do any actual touching, other than Tony putting his hand on top of Steve’s. Steve stayed awake all night, afraid that Tony might slip away if he closed his eyes. Tony had berated him in the morning, shouting about how he wasn’t made of glass, which led to him yelling at Steve about how he had failed the cyborg, and how betrayed he felt when no one saved him from AIM. Steve just sat back and let him express himself. Yelling about your feelings was healthier than avoiding them by turning yourself into a robot, after all. When Tony ran out of things to say, both men broke down, holding one another in their arms for a long time. When they had pulled away, Steve's shoulder was damp from the other's tears. Steve hated seeing Tony cry. And he still regretted breaking up with him. Regretted the way he had left the man to cry on the floor after doing so. God, Steve felt awful about that. He felt awful about everything.
"You still haven't explained what exactly this 'Venom' is," Steve reminded him.
Tony took the shield and slipped it over his forearm.
"You're alive!" The god grinned, his face still uncomfortably close.
The Hulk growled as he slowly turned to face the captain.
Ned was on his feet, full of panic. "Put the gun down, Harry!"
"Welcome to AIM, Mr. Stark," Obadiah smiled cruelly. "I wanted to kill you. I really did. But then Killian approached me about a new project of his. And hey, you seemed like exactly the right person to help him out."
It didn't take long for Steve to find his teammate. The man was sitting on the front steps with a drink in one hand and a cell phone in the other.
Steve felt like his entire world had just been destroyed. His throat ached as if he were screaming, but no sound came out. He was just inches away from his lover and he couldn't
"NO. HE CAME HOME. And I shot him at point blank range! I shot him right in the fucking face!!" Tony was in a tank top and gym shorts. No gun in sight. Or repulsor. There was also no Peter.
Natasha clasped her hands over her mouth, trying to contain her laughter.
"Sorry, I little caught up with this," Tony motioned vaguely to the project that was scattered on the workbench. "What were you saying?"
"You're saying we shouldn't protect our own?"
"Jarvis, how close in the Mark 43?" Tony asked as he landed the jet. Steve's comm had brought him to a battle damaged Helicarrier, left to rot in a shipyard. Tony had put the jet into stealth mode in order to land on the top deck.
The doorbell rang.
"And you still will. But first, they need to be weakened. Their bond is too strong for you to attack them as they are now. You and I both know that."
Has anyone seen Spider-man homecoming, yet? I saw it last night and oh my god, it is beautiful!
"That's alright. This one will do nicely." The driver slipped the birth certificate into the first folder. He then held out his hand for Bruce to shake, "a pleasure doing business with you, Doctor. You can expect your payment in the morning."
"Okay, I don't need to know that. Can you make the suit go any faster or not?"
"That was bad word choice. Think of it more as a fresh start," Tony clarified. "I'm making a copy of my brain that will be put inside a robot body. He'll be just like me. You won't even be able to tell the difference. Won't even notice I'm gone."
"He's not my biological kid."
He was about to walk away when he noticed Henry running around the table. The spider was moving things around, rearranging papers and putting tools back into the tool box. Tony watched, eyes wide, as the tarantula gathered up all the mechanical parts ontop of a neat stack of papers. Tony nearly screamed and dropped Peter when Henry suddenly jumped off the table, right at them. Henry landed on Peter and settled into the crook of his owner's neck.
"MJ, please-" Spider-man was cut off when his body was suddenly engulfed in red light and launched into the school.
"Good. Still not going bowling, though." Tony nodded. He groaned when Bucky started giving him puppy dog eyes. "Okay, okay. I'll think about it. Happy?"
Spider-man tried to sneak a glass from the bar but Tony caught him and made him put it back. "Not until you're twenty-one, junior. Or whenever Cap's not present. Whatever ones first."
"When did you two start dating?!" Clint gasped, having heard their entire conversation.
"Hence the Captain America get up," Iron Man nodded once. "I'm fine, Steve. I just needed to prove something to myself."
"My replacement. Meet Ultron. He's going to be a better version of me," Tony clicked something that pulled up the sixth screen. This one showed the schematics for what looked like a new Iron Man suit. But not quite. There were certain parts of it that just felt...wrong.
Spider-man gasped in pain when he was jerked up a bit too suddenly by his webbing, pain slicing through his ribs like a hot knife.
"Is...are the others okay?" Tony asked softly, afraid of the answer. Thor nodded and continued smiling as he moved over to where the rest of the team was gathered. Tony followed, his heart dropping into his pit when he noticed Clint's unmoving form on the ground.
Natasha stared at Bruce in a mix of shock and pain. "Tell me it's not true...tell me you would never hurt Peter."
"Iron Man, where are you going?" Bruce asked bluntly. "We've tried to follow in the Quinjet, but we lost you."
A sly smile crept onto Thor's face as he nodded.
"Ah! You must be the man of spiders!" Thor jumped to his feet and punched Peter's shoulder affectionately. "Your fathers have told me a great deal about you. Although, I have to admit I imagined you to be much younger and to have eight legs."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yes. It can't be destroyed, so Richard entrusted it to a close friend to hide. The files taken from my servers thankfully only had the recipe for making such a monster. Not the location of where Mary Parker hid the original Venom. I doubt Osborn will try to find the original if he can now make his own, but who knows what his plans are." Tony huffed, his boots clanking on the tiles as he walked. He stopped next to Peter's desk, running a metal hand over the back of the chair. "The Venom became violent because it didn't want to be separated from Richard. But the Venom did something to Richard's mind. Made him..." Tony made a disgusted noise and shook his head. "Peter shares his blood. If the original Venom comes back and finds that Richard isn't around anymore...it could latch onto Peter. I won't allow that to happen."
"It's a long story," Peter shook his head. "How's school? Has it burned down, yet?"
"It's okay if you are. I'm not judging."
"Thank god, that's over..." Clint breathed in relief. He and Natasha had just arrived.
Much to his dismay, the nurses prevented him from entering the operating room.
Meanwhile, Captain America sprinted towards the sound of the Hulk. He burst through a door, sending splintered wood flying.
He groaned and shook his head. "FRIDAY..."
Peter stared at the helmet a bit longer. It was part of the mark 47, which Tony had worn when Peter was in high school. Family pictures covered the mantle around the Helmet. All photos that Tony and Peter had exchanged over the years. Steve had brought the photos Tony had received when he moved in with Peter. The one from Peter's 17th birthday was turned around, Tony's note being favored over the people shown on the front. Peter knew the words by heart now, but he still found himself reading them once more tonight.
"65."
"Are you sure? I can help-"
"Great. It's time you learned how to drive, anyway." Tony found an empty parking lot and switched seats with Peter. He briefly explained the controls and then sat back, slipping on a pair of sunglasses.
"Bruce almost Hulked out," Bucky said to Steve a few days later. "When we found your blood, he thought the worst. We all did. But there was no body, so we knew you weren't dead."
"Doesn't matter. What matters is getting you patched up," Steve knelt down next to Clint and pat his shoulder. "I vote we start searching for civilization."
A few moments later the entire team, except for Bruce, was in the underground room. "I don't see anything that suggests Spidey was hurt," Natasha reported. She knelt down next to a man that was webbed to the floor. The man stared up at her with fear in his eyes.
"Sorry, it's been a rough few months," Tony looked Rhodey in the eye for the first time since he woke up. "Didn't think I was gonna make it out of that place."
The box he was currently going through didn't contain anything he needed. It was mostly personal items that had been marked "trash". Like clothes and what not. And apparently a few of Steve's drawings. These drawings would've been tacked up on the wall by the sink, but Tony had torn them all down and stuffed them in the box without a second thought.
"Where is she?"
"Tony, we're going to be late for the meeting," Steve reminded him. Tony was hunched over his desk, organizing old files on his computer. He made a huffing noise to signal he had heard Steve but made no move to get up. "C'mon, shellhead," Steve looped his arms around Tony's midsection and pulled him from his chair.
"Did you seriously want me to come here just so you could tell me your evil plan?" Iron Man's tone was light, as if he were about to laugh. "Guess I shoulda seen that coming!"
"Don't crush her," Peter chuckled, maneuvering Tony's arms so that he was supporting the infant's head.
Tony led them into the building, keeping one hand on Peter's shoulder. Everyone was waiting for them in the kitchen. Tony introduced him to everyone and Peter found it increasingly difficult to play dumb with each 'new' face he met.
Sorry, it took a hot second to get this chapter up.
"You should've told us about this from the start, Bruce." Steve's glare didn't phase Bruce in the slightest.
"MJ, please, we just want to help," Natasha shoved her way in front of everyone. "We won't hurt him-"
The faceplate snapped shut, hitting Steve's nose in the process. "I don't believe you." Tony walked out the door. Steve was calling after him, but Tony ignored him. He blasted off into the sky and didn't look back.
"Sure." Tony straightened up and held his hand out to his partner. Steve gladly took it and walked hand in hand with him to a donut shop. Steve slid into a booth while Tony went to get the donuts. Steve hummed to himself as he looked around the tiny shop. There was an elderly couple on the other side of the room, and a teenager working behind the counter. This particular donut place was always quiet, and Steve enjoyed coming here with Tony. Although to be quite honest, Steve enjoyed going anywhere with Tony. He often found himself following Tony around his lab.
Bruce moved to support Spider-man, but Peter slapped his hand away. "Don't touch me. I can walk." He snarled. He followed Fury, head held high in a form of defiance. Tony frowned at the way Peter stumbled around. Had Bruce done something to his legs, or was his inability to walk straight caused by Tony's tasers? Neither option sounded appealing.
"Maybe. Don't worry. Peter's a sweet puppy, he won't repeat any of-"
"Assemble the Avengers. Emergency meeting at the facility. Now." Tony ordered.
"No, no. I'm fine. My web just pulled my muscles the wrong way. We're all good here," Peter sputtered. He crawled up into the ceiling rafters. The lenses of his mask adjusted in size multiple times as he scanned the battle.
Spider-man tugged at his hoodie, looking down at the now faded spider emblem. "New? This is my old costume."
The two froze in their tracks. They exchanged a quick look before Tony grabbed Michelle by the arm and ran in the opposite direction of the roar.
Steve looked confused for a moment. He shrugged and collected the cake. Peter started to leave the kitchen, but Steve grabbed him by the arm. "Hang on, I still haven't given you your birthday gift."
"I told you not to touch me!" Spider-man yanked his head back and rolled onto his stomach. He started to army crawl away but Bruce held him down by putting his foot on the wall-crawler's back.
"Didn't know you could do that."
"I think it's physically impossible for me to stay out of a fight." Spider-man jumped back onto the fence and shot volleys of webs at the Vulture, who quickly dodged.
"Don't complain about the person saving your ass," Iron Man stalked over to his friend. "Jesus, Cap. How did you get yourself into this mess?" His scanners told him that the chains were made of vibranium. Fantastic.
Tony took a defensive stance. He held his arm out, and Steve watched wide-eyed at the prosthetic shifted. The metal plates gliding apart and blue light poured out of the gaps. The smaller parts of his hand moved at the same time, spinning and forming a barrel around the repulsor. Tony didn't aim the weapon at Steve, but the threat was still clear. His eyelid shutters spun tightly as if he was zeroing in on a target.
Peter didn't move. For once he was silent, staring out the window at his father.
"Leave him alone, Captain bisexual." Tony sighed.
"STOP!" Steve screamed, "you're hurting him!"
"Yes, please," Steve gladly accepted the warm drink. They had arrived at Clint's farm around two in the morning. Clint's wife was a little upset that he hadn't called beforehand, but she was glad they were all alive, so she didn't give him too much trouble about it.
Tony jumped at Steve's voice. "There's someone..." The eyes vanished. "Well, there was someone. What?" Steve was standing a bit too close. And giving him a strange look.
"A girlfriend? I find that hard to believe," Clint snorted.
"There is another. There is another. There is another." FRIDAY repeated over and over, her voice crackling. The armor twitched its head, its eyes flickering. "Unauthorized. Unauthorized."
"I'm all ears."
"Shut up, Cap." Tony hissed. Iron Man, War Machine, and Captain America made their way across one of the many labs at Oscorp. Tony stopped every now and then to scan anything that remotely looked like a liquid, or to flip through a stack of papers.
"No, I got this!" Spider-man made for the door only to be tackled by Clint. "Oof!" Spider-man got his arms up under himself and pushed Clint off, flipping him around and putting him in a headlock.
"If you say so," Steve was looking at Spider-man in way Spidey didn't quite understand. Like he knew something the youngest Avenger didn't. "Go find Peter. We'll all meet back here in twenty-four hours. Dismissed." One by one, the Avengers left the room, until Spider-man was the only one who remained. Taking a deep breath, Peter tucked the file under his arm and got up to leave. He could hear Tony speaking just outside the door.
Tony frowned as he read through the messages. Ten missed calls from Happy. Five from Ned. And...twenty-three from Michelle? He had given Peter's friends his personal number, just in case. In the past, Tony had called them many times. Thankfully they hadn't been in a situation where they needed to call Iron Man. Until now, it would seem.
"What happened?!" Tony pressed his fingers against his foster son's neck. Peter's pulse was way too fast.
"Tony!"
Tony leaned back in his chair, human fingers tracing the tread on the tire. The press conference wasn't very interesting. Apparently, the Avengers had taken care of some threat down in South America. Nothing out of the ordinary when it came to the stuff they usually dealt with. But missions outside the states always resulted in press conferences. The conference was very relaxed. The reporters taking turns speaking for once, and Steve answering every question with earnest.
"Have you seen Stark?" Someone asked and flicked on the kitchen lights.
Bruce refused. "Where is Spider-man?"
Clint cursed under his breath, "we're trying to help you!" He yelled. "Stop! Jesus!"
"Why are you doing this?!" Steve pushed back against Iron Man, but to no avail. Was Tony really going to kill him? Did he really hate Steve that much? He couldn't believe that the man he loved had just strangled him. And now he was doing it again, metal fingers wrapped around Steve's throat before he could fully comprehend what was happening. "T-Tony..." Steve clawed desperately at his hands, eyes wide and pleading. As usual, Iron Man's face betrayed no emotion. Steve stared into the light of his eyes, "please, d-don't...t..this...is...n't...y-you..." Steve chest started to ache from the lack of air, combined with his broken ribs. He reached up with one shaking hand and pushed against the faceplate. Blue light shone between Steve's fingers. He couldn't couldn't bring himself to form words anymore. The soldier was starting to feel light headed. Darkness danced around the edges of his vision. The hand on Iron Man's face grew weak, sliding down so that it just barely touched his chin. Steve didn't have the energy to fight back anymore. It was then that he realized he was going to die. He was going to die with his lover's hands around his throat. Steve let his eyes slide shut.
There was more static as the mic was passed around.
Steve watched the robot climb into the air, sparks shooting out of the tears in his body. "Natasha, please tell me you have that Quinjet ready," Steve said into his comm.
"I already did."
Tony grabbed Steve's hands, "Steve, please, I'm sorry! I love you-"
Clint followed his gaze to the tree, "Thor was excited to put it up, and we couldn't say no to him so...yeah." He clapped his hands together. Last Christmas, the Avengers had still been living in the tower. It was just the six of them back then, and they had all taken time out of their day to put the tree up together. It had taken hours due to them goofing around. They spent more time sticking ornaments on Iron Man than they did the actual tree. And then it was a whole other ordeal to get the damn things off him. Not because they were stuck, the ornaments were hanging loosely from the niches in his armor, some of them falling off at the slightest movement. It was hard to get the majority of them off him because Iron Man thought it was hilarious and wanted to keep wearing them. Especially the tensile wreath Thor had put around his neck. At one point Steve was convinced that Iron Man would never let the team take it from him. Steve smiled fondly at the memory.
"What is Venom?!" Peter asked again, a bit more forcefully this time. "What the hell did you create?" He glared at his father.
Steve didn't come into contact with Tony for a solid week. He wanted to make sure Tony to knew that he was loved and that they had been looking for him. And It was very hard to do that after the cyborg put his workshop on lockdown. Not even Rhodey or Bucky were allowed inside. Steve wasn't the brightest person when it came to relationships, but if there was ever a way to clearly state that you needed space, then that was it. So he didn't try to get into Tony's workshop. Didn't even try knocking on the door. Tony would open up when he was ready. He told the others to do the same. Despite their protests, the others listened to him.
"Should have kept that mask on. Your brain took quite a beating just now. Speaking of which..." Kraven took the mask from where it hung on Peter's belt and stomped it into the ground, making sure to dirty it up and break one of the lenses. Once that was done, he made a small cut on the inside of Peter's elbow and allowed the blood to drip inside the mask. He balled up the mask one last time, before dropping it back on the ground.
"Then you should tell him."
"IRON MAN, SHUT. IT. DOWN."
"Saving our friend," Tony huffed. "Better get a horse or I'll leave without you guys."
"Let me try," Rhodey put fresh food on the plate and left the room. He returned a bit later without it. "He's eating now."
"But it's our dump," Peter smiled at her from the bedroom across the hall. He took out two picture frames and lined them up on his desk. The first one contained Tony's note from his 17th birthday. He didn't want to look at the picture on the other side, knowing Wanda and Bruce were in it.
"Henry told me his name."
Iron Man reached the compound within minutes.
Tony set the soup on the nightstand and lifted the blankets. Pepper had put an older pair of legs on him. "Dammit. Gotta build a new set. Legs Mark Eleven."
"Where will you go?" Steve's smile vanished, his brow furrowing in concern.
"Everything sorted out up there?" He tapped Peter's forehead.
"I'm related to him through adoption," Peter clarified.
"That's boring."
"Spidey was definitely here, Cap," Rhodey answered. "Everyone can come on down."
I would love to write him wearing the Infinity War armor, so hopefully, Marvel drops the trailer soon and I can get a better look at it.
a web
"Hold that thought," Peter held up a finger. His phone was buzzing in his pocket. He slipped out of the room to answer it. "Hello?"
Iron Man must have noticed the smile because his next question hit home, "is there someone right now?"
"Vision? Did you not hear me? Go find Wanda," Steve repeated.
"Hurts, hurts, hurts, hurts," it sounded like Iron Man was shorting out, his head twitched.
Spider-man pushed his mask up over his nose, showing Wade his own scars. "You and I aren't so different."
"Shellhead," Steve smiled softly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Back in Queens. I think."
The panic alarm didn't go off.
"Why didn't you say so? FRIDAY, be a dear and call the police, would you?" Silence. "FRIDAY?" Tony stopped in his tracks. Dread welled up in the pit of his stomach. "Spider-man? Are you there?"
"So the fact that he's a robot doesn't bother you? You're not making a move because he's your teammate? Wow," Clint giggled.
That fact had brought the two closer, even if Bucky didn't know it. Just knowing someone with shared life experience put Tony's mind at ease.
"If I remember correctly, you are the one starting most of the fires," Steve rolled his eyes.
Spidey nodded, "I do. But Fury is watching me too closely. Luckily, I was able to find someone who can help. If all goes well we should be out of here by noon." He straightened up suddenly, "spider-sense...I gotta go! I'll be back, I promise!" He darted out the door before anyone could speak. A minute later Bruce poked his head into the room. He looked around silently and left.
"Please sit still, Mr. Stark..." A very tired nurse said as she dabbed at a cut on his cheek.
"I believe we can trust Harry," the Vision phased through the far wall. He had done this so many times that it no longer surprised the Avengers. Except for Peter, who was nervous by nature, and nearly jumped onto the ceiling when the Vision made his presence known. "I met him as he was leaving. He does not appear to be a bad person."
Steve glared at him. "I'm beyond furious with you right now, Tony. But part of me still loves you. And I could never forgive myself if I raised a hand against you. So please, just go."
"F-fine, now...we just gotta get the Hulk..." Peter's breathing was becoming more steady. His lungs still burned, but he couldn't afford to wait for them to fully heal.
"That was his decision, if he wanted our help then he would've come to us," Sam pointed out.
"I can't believe you!" Clint was yelling at Tony now. "Why would you lie to us like that?!" He approached Tony, forcing him back against the wall.
"Yes. I mean, no? I don't know...I thought punching Bruce like that would be more satisfying. But..."
Steve marched over and yanked the torch away. "Absolutely not." He smacked him in the back of the head for good measure.
"We can't do that. Especially not without all the facts," Steve reminded him. "Also there's the other guy we still have to worry about..." Bruce was starting to look a bit green around the edges. "Tony, stay with Peter. Keep him safe if Wanda shows up." Steve finally let go of Tony. "I'll let SHIELD know of the situation.
The Cyborg darted after Bucky and tackled him. The two men tumbled to the floor in a tangled of limbs. Meanwhile, the blanket bundle unraveled, scattering the cybernetic components everywhere. "How do you have so much anger inside that tiny body?!" Bucky snapped.
Steve and Tony definitely watched Wall-E together. Don't lie to me and say they didn't. They probably watched Disney movies together too. I can picture Steve liking Tangled.
"Since when is he your nephew?"
Tony was in his Iron Man armor. When did he change into that? And how did Steve not hear him do so? He hadn't seen this particular suit before, either. It was slicker, more compact, fitting perfectly to the curves of Tony's body.
The next morning, Obadiah was the one who found Tony.
For once, Iron Man didn't give a snarky comeback. Steve slipped an arm under his shoulders and lifted him into a sitting position. Iron Man let out a strangled cry as if the movement caused him pain. Steve stilled. "Are you okay?"
"What now?" Thor asked, not taking his eyes off the deer.
"Actually, Iron Man has started more fires than me and Thor combined!" Clint pointed an accusing finger at the captain. "I've been keeping track!"
"He doessssn't want to come back. Leave ussss alone, girl." Venom hissed.
"Clint let him go!" Steve ordered, "let Banner explain himself. Surely there's a logical reason behind this. Peter, are you sure it was Bruce? He was the one who patched you up when we found you-wait, where is Wanda?"
"What? I can't hear you over the sound of me being the fun dad!"
Steve nodded in agreement, "I understand if any of you are against helping Iron Man. But the clock is ticking. So if you're going to help, then follow me." Steve picked up his shield. One by one everyone got to their feet.
"Huh," Bucky leaned back, hands behind his head. "What do you tinker with?"
"Thanks," Peter gave him a genuine smile, and Thor returned it.
"I found it!" Bucky dropped to his knees next to Tony, holding a spare arc reactor tightly in his hands. After tugging the broken device free, he attempted to connect the wires of the new one, but his hands were shaking too much. He fumbled with the device, almost dropping it. He was holding Tony's heart and that was a lot of pressure to put on a person. "Don't die, don't die, don't die. Oh god, I can't do this-"
"I think he has potential to be a good person," Spidey explained as he opened the door to the conference room. Inside the new Avengers awaited them. Falcon, Ant Man, Wasp, Vision, Doctor Strange, Captain Marvel, and the newest member that they had just been discussing, Deadpool. The former merc beamed at Spidey. Everyone else looked a bit uncomfortable being in the same room as him. Except for Ant Man. He had agreed with Peter on the topic of Deadpool's potential.
"How much do you know about your father?" Natasha asked him.
Peter screamed and fell over, blood pumping from a bullet wound in his shoulder. Steve drug Peter off of Tony.
"DON'T." Tony roared. "Don't you dare talk about that. I wasn't in control-"
Steve sighed. Sometimes working with Iron Man could be a real pain. Unlike Jarvis, Iron Man could disobey orders. And lie. "Was there anything down there that could pose a threat?"
"Sure."
I decided to go ahead and reveal the traitor. Also, I like writing little snippets of Peter and Tony bonding so you can expect to see a lot more of that in the future.
"Babysitting again?" Rhodey chuckled at the scene before him. Tony Stark was having a tea party with a four-year-old girl and an assortment of stuffed animals.
Tony stood in the doorway of Peter's old room, hands shoved in his pockets. Peter sat on the bed, his back to Tony. The room had been turned into a guest bedroom, with plain white sheets on the bed, and matching curtains for the window. The hole in the wall had also been repaired. It was as if Peter had never lived there in the first place. "I'm sorr-"
"Can you two not? Just for tonight, can you not?" Sam pleaded. "Don't you fucking dare." He snarled the second Peter raised his wrist at Sam. Peter lowered his arm.
"You guys go ahead, I need to find my bag." Tony waved a hand.
"I said I'm fine!" Clint barked, pushing himself up on his elbows.
My current plan is to have the next chapter up by the end of February. There are about six chapters left in this story, and I will do my best to get them to you in a timely manner, dear readers.
"Used to be. I don't live with him anymore," Peter shrugged.
Tony activated his repulsors, shooting out of reach before his attacker could deliver another blow. "Hey, now, big guy." Iron Man held out his palms. This bot looked nothing like the others. It was twice the size of Iron Man, and sporting glowing red eyes. "I'm guessing you're their leader?"
"Banner. This is serious. I'm going to bring Peter back to the tower for more tests, but not until he calms down."
"Hey, Pedro. Long time no see," Toomes smiled behind his helmet. "Remember me?"
"Told you not to call me that. Do you ever listen to anything I say?" happy groaned.
"I have to say, Doc. Fighting in the rain is definitely something I will not be doing again anytime soon." Spider-man could feel blood running down the back of his arm, snaking its way under his web shooter. Warm, sticky and uncomfortable.
"I didn't make it for you," Iron Man said.
Bucky reminded them.
Peter wasn't sure when he had fallen asleep. But the next thing he knew he was waking up in a blanket nest on the floor. Steve and Tony slept peacefully on either side of him. Tony had his back pressed up against Peter's own. Steve rolled over, slapping Peter in the face with his arm. Peter shoved the Avenger off and sat up. A single beam of moonlight drifted through the drapes and landed on Sam, who was asleep on the couch. Rhodey reclined in the armchair and the Vision floated silently in the corner. His eyes were closed, but Peter wasn't sure if the android was actually sleeping. Natasha and Clint were nowhere in sight, Peter assumed they were sharing the bed in the other room.
"How adorable," Thor smiled. "I did not know you had such beasts on Midgard."
"Anything I can do to help?" Steve took a seat on the stool he almost always occupied when visiting his robot.
"NO! WANDA, HE'S JUST A KID!!" Steve screamed. To his relief, Spider-man jumped out of the way just in time. He swung up and perched on Hulk's shoulder, but made no move to attack.
"Iron Man!" Captain America was running towards him, shield in one hand and the other outstretched for Tony.
Henry let out a string of panicked chirping.
Steve was not a happy camper. Clint had somehow gotten pictures of him and Iron Man cuddling on the couch in the robot's workshop. Not good. He wasn't sure how much the team knew about him and Iron Man before, but now they knew everything. All because Clint put those pictures in the group chat. Thanks, Clint.
At his entrance everyone's heads turned, Clint was on the fridge holding a box of pop tarts over Thor's head (when did uncle Thor get here?), aunt Natasha was helping pops put out the fire that started in the toaster, Wanda and Vision stood to the side, a smirk threatening to pull up the corners of Wanda's mouth, and lastly Bruce and dad sat across from each other at the table discussing one of their recent experiments. God! he missed how normal this made him feel (which is weird because his family was anything but normal). "Young Peter!" Thor exclaimed boisterously. "Uncle Thor" Peter squeaked as Thor pulled him into a bear hug. "Hey Petey" came a chores of responses from everyone else. "Pancakes are on the counter underoos" dad said threw a mouth full of cereal. Peter moved his way through the disaster that currently was their kitchen, picking up the plate of pancakes as he sat himself next to his father at the table. Multiple conversations continued around him, but the only thing Peter could focus on was the loud throbbing in his head. He must have been hit harder than he thought last night. "-ter, Peter helloooo" uncle Clint called. "OH ya sorry I'm just a little tired" Peter offered. "WELL as I was saying, I think we should have a movie night tonight. What do you think little man?" asked Clint. "First I am not THAT little, second a movie night sounds fun. Can we order in supper?" Peter responded. "Sure Pete!" exclaimed pops.
"Nice to meet you, Peter. I wish I could say that I've heard a lot about you, but unfortunately," Steve glanced at Tony. Tony just shrugged.
Sam had been trying to end the conversation for awhile. Thank you, Sam.
"Shit. Get my suit ready. The Mark XLVII, please." Tony moved towards the center of the room and held his arms out, allowing the armor pieces flying towards him to seamlessly come together around his body. "Let's finish this." Tony shot up through the skylight. He was only flying for a few moments before he noticed a bit of drag on his suit. Looking back, he saw Spider-man trailing behind him, hanging on to a web that was attached to Iron Man's leg. "Morning, webhead. That suit isn't finished."
Obadiah landed in front of them, holding a small remote in one hand. "You remember this, don't you Tony?" He waved the sonic taser in the robot's face. He didn't answer. "Fun times. Fun times. How about you...what do you call sleep? 'Powering down'?" Obadiah chuckled. "Yes. How about you power down,
Spider-man fell silent, his extra limbs lowering. For a moment, Tony thought he had gotten through to Peter. Then Peter shot forward and wrapped his hands around Tony's throat. Tony clawed at Spider-man's hands, gasping for air. The bug eyes of Peter's mask were just inches from his own. For a brief moment, Tony's vision went black.
"Transfer a copy of the Mark 46 schematics to this new file. Let's start by altering those." Iron Man took a seat at his desk and waved a hand over the keyboard. The keys instantly lit up. An image of the Iron Man suit popped up. He pointed at the faceplate and made a swiping motion with his index finger, removing the selected part. "Alright, Ultron. Let's get to work."
"Fuck you," Tony slammed the helmet down on the edge of a table. "Fuck you. Fuck you! FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU ALL TO HELL!" He brought the helmet down again and again and again. The armor didn't even scratch. That enraged Tony even more. He picked up the sledgehammer and brought it down on the helmet.
"What happened? And what the fuck is up with your mouth?" Michelle leaned in close to the screen.
"We're still friends, right?" Clint moved closer to him.
Anyway!
"What's going on?" Steve frowned. The rest of the team eyed Tony warily.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony did so. The second agent gave a thumbs up to signal the lie detector was working.
"Fine," Tony said in a flat tone.
"I don't want to hear it," Tony slammed the door in his face.
"You gotta stay quite, buddy," Peter pleaded, his voice barely above a whisper. "I'm in big trouble if they find me, understand?"
"Adopted. And we kept it under wraps. Other than my last name, I have literally no ties to Tony Stark. I don't have in part in his company. I never attended any of his press conferences. Limited our time seen together in public. No one knows I exist, and I plan on keeping it that way," Spider-man explained.
"What are you looking for?" Steve changed the subject.
"It doesn't matter. There's no point in telling him," Tony huffed. "Okay, Cap. Last file." He typed "family business" into the search bar. Nothing came up.
"He's gonna be okay," Natasha's hand ghosted over Steve's shoulder. "He'll get fixed up, just like always. C'mon. Shield's arriving to clean up this mess. We need to get out of their way." Steve let himself be guided back to the Quinjet. He felt numb. People were talking to him, but he didn't hear what they said.
Peter's mouth fell open, "so you are grounding me. I can't believe this!"
Steve chuckled, "let's go get breakfast. Usual place?"
"Nice of you to stop by, Mr. Parker." Osborn looked up, a small smile on his lips. "Please, sit." He motioned to the set of chairs in front of his desk. Peter did so without hesitation. "I trust you are settling into your new job. I've heard nothing but good things from your supervisors."
"Ow..." The cyborg groaned.
"Changed my mind. I'd rather be with someone who actually wants me around," Peter picked his bag off the desk and walked out. Tony let him go.
Spider-man held his phone between his shoulder and ear, freeing his hands so he could mess with his left boot. "I'll consider it. Anyway, I guess I should give you my actual report for the day."
"I know. Tell the team to take the day off from training. Peter and I will be home for dinner."
Tony dodged the question, "we need to get back to the lab. Quickly. Before it starts messing with your head."
"Tony..." Bruce gripped the couch cushions so tightly that the fabric squeaked. "We've all been living together for two years. Almost three. Surely, at some point, you realized that we meant you no ill will?"
Peter sat on the rooftop a bit longer before heading home. He slipped in through the back door, stepping carefully so he wouldn't wake anyone.
"I'm hanging up-"
"I hope so. Who else is gonna help me prank Captain America?" Tony gave a small smile at that. Clint grinned, "although maybe we shouldn't be pranking your boy toy. Bad for relationships. We'll have to find a new target. Widow?"
"The spider is an experiment from Oscorp."
"You better. Because I will never forgive you if you don't."
The Scarlet Witch herself was the only Avenger not present in the room.
"Do you know where you were kept? Are those bastards still out there somewhere?"
"It's...fixed?" Clint moved his foot around. "I'll be damned. Uh...thanks." The man nodded, seeming to understand.
"This is extremely unfair," Bruce spoke up. "We all know Iron Man isn't programmed to kill-"
"I think Stark was telling the truth in his press conference," Harry said, briefly looking at the scars on Peter's forearms.
The bot moved tilted its head. "You keep telling yourself that. Doesn't change the fact that Stark made you. You are his child, and therefore a Stark. I wonder...if he could see you now, what would he think of you? Look at yourself! All this power and you've accomplished so little. Your father would think you're such a disappointment."
"So Pepper's alright? That's a relief," Natasha said.
Everything became of a jumble of images and sensations. The water was freezing. It gripped onto Tony's body like claws, threatening to pull him deep down into the unforgiving depths. He flailed his arms and legs, but that just made his situation worse. The river was in complete control of his body, tossing him through the currents like he was nothing more than a leaf. At one point he got a hold on a log jutting out of the river. He hauled himself up on the rough surface, gulping in air. That was short lived, as a wave crashed over him, breaking his hold on the log and sending him back underwater. Rocks and sticks pelted his unprotected body, but his body was already numb from cold and he barely felt them. Tony managed to get his head above water and suck in a deep breath of air. Another wave crashed over him, flooding his lung with water and slamming his back against the rocky riverbed. Tony flailed his arms again. His entire body ached. His lungs burned. He couldn't breathe. Panic started to set in.
"Oh, you will be..." Tony couldn't stop the rage boiling up in his stomach, making him see red. "You little shit. Nothing but trouble..." He flung Peter to the floor and stomped on his windpipe. Peter gasped for air, hands flying to his throat. An awful wheezing noise escaped his lips along with a bit of spit. Tony watched as he son twitched on the floor for several minutes. Peter weakly clutched onto Tony's pant leg. Tony stared him dead in the eye as Peter lay dying at his feet. The teen's own eyes clouded over with grief. And then it was over. The choked noises stopped and Peter stilled.
"We did, but I can explain. I didn't want you and pops to worry. You are already worried about spiderman, there's no need to worry you guys more about a silly school bully" Peter revealed.
Tony poked his head around the corner to get a better understanding of the situation ("Steve would be proud of me for being so level headed" Tony thought). "What was that loser. Acting like the big man in front of your fuck buddy are we?" 'Flash' snarled back.
He webbed them to the wall and told the cashier to call the police, He swung out the door and onto the neighboring building ducking through the backdoor Peter quickly and quietly made his way back to the washroom. As quick as he possibly could he changed and made his way back to his dads, he slammed into his pops large chest and gasped, "Peter oh thank goodness your okay. Three idiots just tried to rob the diner and your stubborn father wanted to call for his suit" Steve said grabbing Peters face checking for any injury's. "I'm ok I was in the washroom the whole time" Peter complained, he looked around pretending to scoop out the scene, "WOW! it looks like spiderman was here" he questioned hoping not to sound too cocky. "Yeah the idiot almost got himself stabbed because of his stupid little quips" Tony said seemingly popping out from nowhere. "Oh don't be mean Tony, he reminds me of you a little" Steve commented lips pulled into a smile, Tony shoved Steve a little and pulled Peter into a half hug. "Now that our evening was ruined why don't we go home and just order in" Tony suggested way to dramatically, Peter and Steve rolled their eyes and laughed. On their way out Steve pulled Peter into a quick hugged, he tensed first because Steve's hip hit Peter's chest right on his new cut, his pops bent down and whispered into his ear "I'm really glad your ok pet", Peter smiled but it didn't reach his eyes.
"So Peter is being bullied because Steve and I are his parents and you know… gay. And I know this because i went to pick him up today and he was late so i went in to get him. When i found him, some greasy haired asshole of a kid was relentlessly teasing Peter calling him, Steve, Ned and I 'faggots'. I got there just in time to stop him from punching Peter in the face. Now I very much want to punch this child in his annoying face. You're a father, so, Is this normal?" Tony rambled till he ran out of breath.
Showered and changed Peter and his fathers headed to the car. The short trip there was filled with the friendly bickering between his dads over nothing and everything, music, who drives better, what Tony or should not eat (pops is worried to much greasy food is bad for dads heart). Once they got there Peter slide in the booth across from his dads, it was almost comical how large his pops looked in this small booth. They waitress came over and took their orders, just as they were getting settled Peter felt a similar pang in the back of his head. "I um have to go to the um bathroom" Peter said to his fathers, he grabbed his backpack and scooted out of the both. "Ok Pete, but if your food comes before your back I wont promise your frys will be all there" Tony joked. When he got to the washroom Peter checked the stalls then locked the door, he stripped and pulled on his costume. Just as he pulled his mask his spider hearing picked up the bells on the diner, that's when the commotion started. "EVERYONE ON THE GROUND BEFORE WE START SHOOTING!" an unknown voice bellowed, Peter knew exactly what was going on, someone was trying to rob the diner. Why can't I just have a semi-normal day Peter thought. He unlocked the door and hopped onto the ceiling, he crawled down the hallway and peeked around the corner to get a better handle on the situation. Three gunmen, all equipped with handguns knifes tucked at their hips, Peter chuckled to himself 'rookies' he thought. He webbed two of the three guns and hopped to the floor, "Now boys didn't your parents ever teach you not to steal?" he quipped. The last gunman raised his gun seemingly not shocked anymore, He shot and Peter easily dogged the bullet, flipping over the counter Peter webbed the gun out of his hand and to the ceiling like the first two. Now they were mad knifes were in the hands of all the robbers and not surprisingly they lunged for spiderman, he jumped over them sending two of the men into each other but the smarter of the three stopped short. He punched Peter in the stomach before he could dodge sending him tumbling backwards over a table, "Now now" he said jokingly "Violence is not always the answer" cautioned Peter. This only aggravated the assailant more, this really wouldn't have been that big of a deal if Peter hadn't turned his back on the other two, his senses pinged and Peter jumped to the right the knife nicking just below his ribs. "OKAY Now that was rude" Peter yelped, kicking one in the face hard enough to knock him out, he did the same to the other two as their energy seemingly ran out.
Steve and Tony get a better understanding of Peters 'condition'
Peters cries slowed but did not halt completely, he sniffled and nuzzled his small head into the crook of Steves neck. Both Tony and Steve’s hearts broke, this poor baby, their son, was in pain and they didn’t know why. They didn’t even know if it was cries of pain or just from the fact that he was a quarter the size he was that morning. They arrived at medical and Bruce asked Steve to set the boy down on the table. Hearing this the boys tears start up again, “Peter, Pete, uncle Bruce can’t help you if he can’t look at you” Steve whispered in peters ear. He laid his hand on Peters back, only to realize just how small the boy was. Steves hand covered almost all of the boys back. It was slightly disconcerting and Steve made a promise to himself right then that he would get his son back to normal as soon as possible.
