From the corner of his eye, he saw Natasha coming up to him. “Now’s not the time, Nat.”
The heat, the sudden possessiveness behind those words left Tony breathless, pinned under Steve’s gazed. There was that tingling sensation again, spreading out from where Steve was touching him, reaching every inch of Tony’s body.
In that moment, Steve finally understands how far gone he is for this man. When people started turning to dust, there was nothing that could describe how scared he was when he thought about Tony, how immense the guilt and regret was that filled him. Then he saw Tony alive, and he almost died from relief. Tony was still here, alive in his arms. He almost couldn’t believe it. Even now, with Tony naked and hard under him, he still thinks he’s dreaming.
“Because we’re given strict orders to never show ourselves to the people we look after. Unless there’s a great need for it. Even then there’s this whole application process. There’s even paperwork and everything.” Steve scoffed, a small smile on his face.
Many years ago, Tony had studied up on werewolf biology, just to make sure he knew all that he could about his friend. He found out that the omegas of the species produced their own slick and were essentially self-lubricating. So, when Steve pulled him up onto his knees, panic shot through Tony, afraid that in his foggy, rut-induced state of mind, Steve thought he was not only a werewolf, but an omega as well, and that he would go straight ahead with no prep whatsoever.
“I did think about it,” Tony says, sounding a little embarrassed. “But I couldn’t.”
“Of course she did! She told me everything! What, did you think it was my father?” Tony is really laughing now, a rich sound that Steve hasn’t heard in a very long time, one that warms him up immediately, from deep inside until it fills his entire being.
Getting back to the table, Tony placed the beer in front of Bruce. “One large beer for you, courtesy of the Viking from the fire department.”
Steve nodded, and Tony continued. “You were all in there for weeks, and you were there for almost a month. I was so worried, and that was just an injury! I can’t imagine what it would be like if you had actually…” He couldn’t say the word, but it was understood. “The same goes for you too. There are bad guys out there, who have guns, weapons, who do horrible things. It’s not often, but they still pop up every now and then. If something ever happens to me, I don’t want to put you through that.”
If it was possible to become any more flushed, that was what Tony did, aware that he had just been found out. “Well, you see, Bruce’s desk is right there, so as his friend, it felt weird to have a picture of his man, you know? And the puppy you were holding was really cute!”
Reaching up, Tony carded his hand through Steve's hair, pulling him down into a sloppy kiss. When Steve broke away, Tony, breath hot against Steve's lips, said, "
The other man knew exactly what to do. “Don’t worry, I’ve got you.” One large hand moved up from his hips to the desk, fingers splayed out to brace himself as he began fucking Tony in earnest.
Tony.
Soon after, with one final thrust, Steve went over the edge, coming deep inside the demon below him. Tony moaned as the sudden heat filled him, the tingling sensation now sparks, creating waves of intense, pure energy that pulsed through him. This was enough to send Tony over as well, coming so hard that he felt light-headed.
Steve immediately opens the door, only to step into the common area of the Avengers Headquarters. On one of the sofas, he sees a woman with a head of bright red hair, her feet resting on the coffee table.
“Who knows?” Natasha said as she walked over. “Maybe someone finds you cute. And whoever it is, they definitely did their homework.”
A few days later, as Tony and his team were walking back to the station after lunch, they noticed a huge crowd gathered outside the fire station. People had their phones out, trying to snap pictures or record videos.
“Did he try to…” Natasha gestures vaguely to herself.
Finally, Steve removed his fingers, and while Tony did feel a loss at the emptiness, he was immediately filled with anticipation as he watched Steve put the condom on. Holding Tony’s waist, Steve positioned himself and in one fluid motion, he pushed himself all the way in until he was fully seated.
It was a short ride however, because Steve carefully dropped him onto the bed. Tony had barely settled on the mattress when Steve flipped him over onto his stomach. Being manhandled so easily, Tony knew that he might have just discovered a new kink.
“Don’t worry Tony.” Steve playfully pushed Tony’s legs off, smiling at him as he did. “I’m not going to leave you alone for long.”
When it finally comes into view, Steve has no clue what kind of craft he is looking at. It isn't something of Earth, that he is sure of. It lands, the hatch opens and the stairs descend. The remaining Dora Milaje stand at attention, preparing for the worst. And Steve doesn’t know what to expect, but it sure isn’t the blue humanoid that walks out and towards them. He doesn’t want to stare, but he can’t help it. He has no idea who, or what, she is.
The hand in Tony’s hair gripped even harder. For a short moment, he wanted to let Steve take over, to just let him fuck his mouth, forcing him to take all of him. That thought made Tony palm his own dick through his pants, needing some relief before he came too early.
Tony could feel heat on his ears under his hood. He didn't know if that was because of Steve or because he was wearing a hoodie in 84 degree weather. "Uh--I didn't, actually. You yourself are a puzzle so . . . maybe check yourself out." Tony shrugged passively, trying to dodge the awkwardness that had already overpowered him.
my business!"
And Steve told him. He told him everything, not leaving even the littlest detail out as the brunette fed him chocolate so he could have a bit of comfort food. Through it all, Tony never said a thing. He just listened, and fed, and listened, and fed, and fed some more, and then listened again. And by the end of it, Steve felt better than he ever had before.
He had tried to wipe it off, find proof that he could never be loved by Steven Grant Rogers. Find proof that he could never be loved by anyone. But as he searched the captain's face that night for even the slightest peep of sarcasm, he couldn't find it. If it was there, Cap hid it well. All Tony Stark could see was absolute genuineness. It was almost unfathomable. How could Cap mean this? Tony had almost thought of it as a crime.
Today was one of the very few days off for the Avengers, and each one was doing their own thing. Clint and Natasha were being affectionate bullies to each other while they trained, Bruce was with Tony down in the lab, and Thor was destroying the kitchen trying to find something to devour. And Steve? Steve was in the middle of it all, doing nothing but reading random files he found around the tower.
“Excuse me?” Steve asked.
“Whoa! I go to piss and eat some bagels and I come back to this??” Bruce shouted from the door, scaring the absolute shit out of both Metal Man
I was his son.”? Either one got Tony's stomach churning.
Steve never said anything. He just welcomed him with a smile and opened his arms for Tony to cuddle into him--or when
of my birthday parties?” Steve heard him mutter.
okay . . . “
"No, Tony--" Steve laughed breathlessly, leaning back into the bench. "I'm serious. I want that date."
Nothing has to happen between the couple at all. Just a quick notion to Tony that he's here and standing beside each other in this comforting silence is all the pair need to have all their worries and stresses float away.
Small things like this was all they would talk about. But after a while Tony stopped seeing these daily bickerings as a nuisance and more of a fondness shared between him and the captain only. Admitted openly or whispered in private, Tony knew he liked how fierce Steve was. He liked a person who had dignity and sureness of themselves and their opinions. He liked strong people, and he liked how they'd be willing to take and give confrontation to anyone who needed it. Hence is why, on one late night when Steve came back to the tower with the faint existence of a kiss mark on the corner of his lips, Tony realized he liked Steve Rogers. They'd argued about it. "Steve, were you hooking up with someone?" "My private life isn't your business, Stark. Back off." "Well, if you're living in my tower your private life
Then, and only then, does Steve's exhaustian alleviate. It's like he's simply a better person from the mere sight of his husband--Tony just has
"Don't shit me Rogers, what's
, I mean--caught his attention and he couldn't resist.
Tony smirked. “You know me so well.”
“Hey, um. Did you see a teenage boy here anywhere? Blond, tall, muscular, smells like destruction and rose petals?” Tony asked. By now, the brunette had her lips rolled into her mouth, still containing her smile. She said nothing to him, only handed him an orange sticky note that had Steve's handwriting scribbled on it.
He had suspected, however, that the gang already knew he had these lonesome moments, toasting to his own demons and the memories that came with. But with Steve never coming out during these times and everyone being respectful, they never had a real glimpse of this darker, more vulnerable side of their captain.
No, they weren't “sleeping together”, they were
Dear god--Steve Rogers, you are
But Steve Rogers would never admit it. Not out loud, anyway. And especially not to Tony directly. He'd only keep himself distanced, admiring from afar the chaotic genius dancing around his ideas and theories, letting his pencil glide itself over a page in his sketchbook, shading, pressing, sculpting all that he could to make the beauty of Tony Stark pop.
Maybe he wasn't as puzzling as Tony thought, thanks to Bruce's ramble on him, but the back of Tony's brain still itched. Itched with the obsessiveness of wanting to stop being puzzled. Puzzled by Steve Rogers.
Truth is, everyone
pre-relationship
Tony looks to Clint, who looks back, a sheepish grin on his face.
Tony smiled the tiniest bit and got up to sit next to Steve on his bed. "Thank you for telling me. Now, what's happening in those memories?"
“I don’t like to admit this, but . . . Tony'ssss . . . a gud man . . . He's an asshole a lot of the time, but . . . I can't help the admuration I feel when I see him. You know? He's so talented, focused, determined, pretty . . . He smells nice too.” Steve pauses to chuckle. “Really nice.”
Now even more confused, Steve just stands there awkwardly. Then slowly, he wraps his arms around the brunette and pats his back gently, trying to be some sort of comfort.
Tony looked to him again, his cheeks lightly flushed too. “Really now?”
There's a long, awkward pause, then Steve finally says, “Love you. Good night.” And then he passes out right there.
Steve asked Tony to marry him. Tony said yes.
“Yes, I am.”
Instead, he was slammed into a wall, pushed into the brick by firm fists balling his dress shirt.
"You should go on a date with me." He said casually, too flustered by himself to realize how he worded it.
“You’re a billionaire, yet you buy something that doesn't even matter?” He huffs a laugh.
strong of an impact on
“Don't worry about it.” Steve said passively. “After all, that was . . . a long,
sorry i haven't been updating like i said i would but!! summer break is coming really soon so i'll be able to get back in the game!!!
Steve sucks his teeth, dropping his pen and holding his face up against the palms of his hands. Under his breath, he mutters, “What a prick . . . “
re-done chapter because the last one was ugly
Of course, Tony didn't really think Steve was an asshole--if anything, Steve was a really generous person, and he'd seen it with his own eyes--but with all the problems Steve's mystery was giving him he couldn't help the light insults slipping from his tongue here and there.
Tony looked at him funny, blinking a couple times then looking around his lab just in case Steve was staring at something else.
“You know,” Steve suddenly says, a lopsided grin growing on his face. Clint turns his head slightly to show Steve he's giving him his attention, but that doesn't really matter anyway because Steve's eyes aren't even open. “I can't wait to go home and see Tony.”
“Uh, honey, what's wrong?” Tony asked, sitting straighter.
and . . . *crashes symbols* HIGH SCHOOL AU IS BACK
Tony had sat in solitude for weeks since the war with Steve happened. He hadn't gone out to eat, drink, very rarely would he even have the energy to change clothes or take a shower. He just stayed put in his room, letting the darkness consume him like it's consumed his soul.
The billionaire honestly had no idea how he got to this point, sipping on sadness and being envious over robotic inventions, but he didn't bother to try and remember. Maybe it was that kind of scenario where he just so happened to be next to Howard's dusty file cabinets, and maybe he opened the drawers, and maybe he ended up doing pointless "research" on every bizarre thing his father thrived to create.
He'd kiss that forehead or bring those knuckles to his lips, sniffing in silence his loving boyfriend's captivating smell whilst he slept behind or against him. It wasn't just the smell of grease that lingered, for your information (Steve wasn't a weirdo). There was always that lemony citrus smell in his hair too or that strong macho cologne sprayed onto his collarbone--and combined Steve would've laughed, had it been anyone else wearing such a pair. This was
seriously. He didn't want to burden anyone with things that were going on where he was the center of attention, even though by doing that he unknowingly made people more concerned.
in Tony's eyes was breathtaking. It was so mesmerizing, powerful, extravagant . . . Steve would've said "I love you" right there, no matter how early it was into their relationship.
It was silent for what seemed like a million years, tension quickly becoming too much to bear between the two men.
And then the night went on from there. Needy breaths and clawing hands all mixed with the soft moaning of each other's names.
you should've witnessed the chaos when it was Steve's turn to return the favor.
But ever since he met Tony Stark, the captain realized he'd be nagged at forever. Not that anyone would catch him complaining though.
Steve, being the patient, tolerant guy he is, let this happen. He could literally hear Clint's callings for
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony Stark doesn't know why he bought these reindeer headbands with dangling bells near the antlers, but he had, and now he’s too lazy to return them.
On one loud night, Steve was in his room, hands in his hair, elbows to his knees, and his face distorted with distress. The past was catching up to him then, and the vintage relics that filled his room didn't help his case. But, even though it was traumatic, it was normal. It was normal for him to suffer alone at times like this. He curled into himself like it was autopilot, panicking silently so people wouldn't know what was going on. He had admitted months back to the team that he had post-traumatic stress, but hadn't gone in depth with it, meaning he didn't tell them about the episodes he had, nor how frequent they were. He didn't want to burden them with his struggles.
OMG HI GUYS
The tall blond was fit and handsome; he could be a part of any school sport he wanted to be in with little training, yet he chose to stay reserved and squished into himself as he drew in his sketchbook with passion and with love.
"I'd like that." Steve finally breathed out, eyebrows furrowing as if unsure. Tony noticed and said quickly, "If you're saying yes out of pity then just stop now. Don't make things awkward."
Steve slowly took Tony's arms from around his neck, instead keeping one of his own arms around the brunette's waist before trudging over to the couch, where you could obviously see an overflow of beer bottles--both full and empty--and thrown files scattered on either the floor or on the small table to the side. "Let's see the chaos you've created."
CH. 009 | EDITED ✔ (heavily)
Near the week of prom, Tony only got more frustrated. He wanted to know who Steve was asking so he could get a tinge of knowledge about his type, and who he possibly liked. For whatever reason, Tony found this as important.
) really blew his brains out and left him feeling useless.
He found Tony Rogers, a jewel of a man, and he’ll fall for him over and over and over again, until the end of time.
was he making a mistake, kissing a criminal he should've brought to the police station. Not that Tony really cared. Sex was much better than prison, but that's just his opinion.
“Needed to piss, he said.” Tony replied, tapping on a holographic screen and zooming in on a box-shaped object. Steve ignored Tony's little zoom-in-zoom-out gig, instead walking over to the corner where tall drawers were pushed against each other. “Can I read the files in here?” He called out again.
Steve asked Tony on a date. Tony said yes.
Tony looked at him for a brief second before shrugging and turning back to his work. He had forgotten the stuff in there, and wasn't all that concerned about what Cap would find. The majority of the folders in there were most probably Howard's projects. The projects he was too focused on to even say “Good job,” to his overachieving, trying-to-make-my-dissatisfied-dad-proud kid.
Steve, still unresponsive and blunt-looking, just gestured for Tony to come over to him (with his arms still outstretched). The brunette cleared his throat and walked over to him, an eyebrow raised. “Are you okay, Steve? What--what is this that you’rrrre . . . doing?”
Tony felt his whole body melt and his heart wheeze so loudly he might've died. He grinned so big and ran up to the jock, ripping the sign from his grasp and hugging him tight. “Of course I'll go to prom with you you big loser!” He said when he pulled away, shoving Steve in the chest playfully. Steve smiled and set the picnic basket down.
was the one the blond was looking at.
Steve awkwardly chuckled, then cleared his throat and tried again. "Tony . . . you don't . . . envy me, do you? For being close to your father?"
"I--" Steve paused, making Tony's throat close.
Tony was surprised and satisfied, licking his lips to savor the taste of Steve's lips a little longer. “Well, Steve,” he hummed, “You're awfully bad at tying people up. Was it because of eagerness, I wonder?” Tony mused, jumping from his seat and using his newly untied hands to grab Steve's face to kiss him more. Steve made a sharp stop, pushing Tony away before quickly parking in an alley.
Sometimes Tony stared at the flip phone mailed to him by the captain himself, seriously contemplating if whether or not he should really take the chance to call Steve. He would never forget the sound of his voice, god no, but it wouldn't be so bad to hear the real thing every now and then.
Tony looked to the clearing when he heard some shuffling, and there he saw Steve with a big poster that said, “PROM?” and a picnic basket hanging from his right arm.
“S . . . Tone . . . SSSSSSSStony.” Steve suggested.
“J-Jarvis!” Tony suddenly called, entering a fit of panic, “Jarvis, c . . . come online, buddy. I . . . Release me from my armor. For the love of science release me
“Tony, I knew your father. He was a good man, truly.” He said gently, placing a hand on the younger man's shoulder.
Tony huffed, defeated. He was done arguing.
Maybe not, but Tony couldn't help but fantasize.
Steve looks up from the documents under his arms and massages his right temple, letting a soft sigh loose as he tries to drown in the breathtaking view of Manhattan. Maybe I should've stayed quiet instead, he thinks regretfully. In truth, Steve never saw Tony as a prick--in fact, he saw him as a very capable man. Egotistical and agonizingly sarcastic, sure, but capable. Capable of standing up for himself, capable of being who he is; Steve's never seen a billionaire so
Thinking of it as odd, the brunette unplugged his phone from the charger and looked to see what the notification was. He swiped to open the app, being greeted by a text from Steve saying, “Meet at the downtown cafe.” The text was recent, sent only a few minutes before he awoke, and right now it's 5am, the sun barely risen in the horizon. But, no matter. It's not like Tony had a regular sleeping schedule.
it is currently 4am at the time of finishing this fucking chapter and i've been awake since 12. i think my head might actually fall off my neck i need to pass out like right now
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony immediately froze. Prom? With Steve Rogers? He never realized how eager he was for this until he felt his heart do somersaults. "Uh--I--uhm--" Tony was at loss for words, stumbling over himself as it felt time was running out.
drunk. It's kinda funny, really. Wasn't Steve supposed to
Tony Stark was so far up his own ass that he never admitted it when he was puzzled.
Before they had gotten together Tony had measured every possibility that could happen if he took the chance to ask the captain on a date. He thought of every reaction--would Steve be astonished, grateful, excited, or would he be confused, unsure, or disgusted?--every response--would he say "Yes! Of course!" Or "No! Of course not!"--every little thing, Tony thought of.
“What should we name him?” Tony muttered.
Steve walked up to Tony, folder in his arms. “Tony, look.” He called, eyes still glued to the picture of Happy Howard. Tony looked up from his holographic screen to see what Steve wanted him to, and immediately after seeing Howard's face the brunette rolled his eyes and looked back to his 3D layout. “So he can pose with a robot but not show up to even
Tony was already set with items to buy for their new family member. He picked out toys, constructors to add an extra bedroom, and a crib. The crib was Tony's absolute favorite part.
be affected by alcohol? He was just that dude that sipped on lemonade in the corner of a bar, was he not? Certainly, the last thing the blond ever expected was to be intoxicated. And
It was certainly hectic then. Everything Tony gathered and admired and knew oh so well from Steve still added to nothing. He didn't understand the waves Steve gave him at the end of the day, he didn't understand the knowing looks from Bucky every time Steve and Tony were in a ten foot radius of each other, and he certainly didn't understand the glances Steve gave back to him every time Tony turned to study him in engineering.
The man didn't answer, instead pulling out a random cord and turning Tony around, now slamming his chest into the wall, which the brunette didn't enjoy either. He felt his wrists being tied and nimble fingers brushing against his knuckles, which he secretly craved more of. “You're under arrest.” Is all that came out of the blond's mouth.
He then turned back to the blond, confused. “Uhh?”
But as time passed and Tony's feelings grew more sure, the genius only became more chaotic. He spent many sleepless nights thinking about approaching Rogers with a soft hello rather than a scornful glare. He didn't want it to seem like he was finally bowing down to Steve--heaven's no--but he didn't want to continue with the hourly fights.
Captain was just a normal person.
Then what on earth is Steve's home? As he walks down those familiar steps and opens that silky glass door, in the lab is where his home is. Standing in front of all sorts of holograms, both big and small, tall and wide, is his husband Tony Stark, orchestrating all the technology around him with sharp swipes to any direction and delicate taps to any screens.
is, between him and Stark. Right?
Tony gets into Steve's room and lays him down on his bed, removing his jacket before doing so. Steve's eyes at this point are ready to go on lockdown and let him pass out for the night, but the blond still pushes himself to look Tony through and through. “Wait, Tony--” Steve manages, waving his arm around as an attempt to grab the billionaire.
bit, adding in the gentlest of whispers, “Luckily, I like challenges.”
wanted to be spooned that night, he'd keep the smile and then turn his back to the brunette, then he'd be encased by those strong arms drenched in love just for him. He'd study those fingers or play with that hair, noting the dried grease under the brunette's nails or on strands of coffee brown, the scent of the liquid vague yet so recognizable, because this was
“Yes, Tony. We're both okay.”
"My father was close to you, sure," Tony continued, leaning back as he felt drowsiness kick in, "and, yes, for a time I did envy you . . . but now that I think about it . . . I understand why he talked to you way more. You're just . . . a very captivating man."
his dad would've wanted Captain Perfect as his son.
It went quiet for a few seconds, then Tony closed his eyes, breathed in, and admitted, “I'm-- . . . My lights will go out soon, and I . . . I don't know if I’ll wake up. My suit can't be removed and . . . and my senses are watered down. I'm useless now, Cap. I just . . . Just make me proud and win this.”
He can't see it, but he can feel Tony's narrowed eyes seering into his back, focusing in on every bit of him and burning him up.
They arrive at the tower after a few more minutes of Steve rambling about Tony and how good of a man he is. Clint pays the driver and hulls Steve out of the car, grumbling and cursing as he does so. Steve can't even use his feet right. It's like they're about to turn in the opposite direction and scar the captain forever.
civil war
CH. 003 | EDITED ✔
His father never had the time to even speak a simple “hello” to him, it felt. Sometimes Tony wondered if Howard even had the time to witness him being birthed into the world. And as for his mother? She was affectionate and paid a lot more attention to Tony than anyone ever did in private school (she noticed him more than his teachers did, and he saw his mom as much as he saw his dad), but their interactions were still minimal. There was never really any family heart-to-heart between them, mostly he just confided in Maria as a very distant friend, only telling her the unimportant parts about his life like the things that annoyed him.
“Yeah. I'm just--” Tony took a quick glance back at Steve, who was trying to make light conversation with Thor, “I'm just puzzled.”
“Uhhhhhhh, one too many drinks I guess?” Clint’s eyes dart to the floor in panic.
little one, he thought lovingly.
Tony pushed himself off the couch, his legs, torso, and arms twirling like jelly as he clumsily made his way to the file cabinet once more. Being an oblivious drunk, Tony seriously considered moving the cabinets to the couch just for convenience.
Tony grunts. “Hop off, Rogers.”
If possible, Steve's smile grew, destroying all the darkness in the world. "Come on ya sap, let's get some rest." He pulled Tony up by his arms. "We'll clean this up tomorrow."
Bruce almost stumbled back. Stark can't be serious, right? “Isn't that just common courtesy?” He asked, now just as puzzled.
He was tired to wake up without the man beside him, he was tired of not falling asleep to a dimly glowing arc reactor, he was tired of the tiredness he felt when Tony Stark didn't kiss his nose as a wake up call.
The billionaire's ears flushed red and he looked down as if he lost a dog. He then smiled, shaking his head and groaning into his hands as the stress was pulled from his shoulders. "Oh, thank god." He muttered into his palms.
Steve had been his love for only a couple months prior to the fight, and they always babbled like an old married couple. Of course, their arguments were never harsh and whatnot, but--the topic of the accords? God, Tony can't even think about it unless he wants to let a sob pass his lips.
Throughout his entire life, Tony Stark believed he was always right. He had knowledge about important
Clint took a seat at the bar corner, the blond sliding into a stool beside him. “Loosen up, will you?” He replied with a roll of his eyes. “That's the exact reason why I brought you here.”
Tony almost couldn't believe it.
Maybe this was just childish admiration, that Tony Stark really was a prick but he just had mediocre qualities. But maybe it wasn't just admiration. Maybe it was genuine affection and caring that pulled Steve to Tony and vice versa. The saying goes that a man bullies a person he secretly values and loves, but this can't possibly be counted as bullying, right? It’s just their usual arguments. Nothing too heated, nothing too calm. Just--casual banter. Casual banter is what it is. What
While he mulled over this, swiping a finger through the condensation on his glass, Clint nudged him. “Hey, pretty boy’s staring at you.” Tony didn’t dare look back, another blush rising to his cheeks. “Please, he’s probably wondering why I’m being such a creep.”
It was a simple kiss, just the press of lips on lips, but it was sweet, more intimate than it had any right to be. When Tony pulled away and opened his eyes, he saw that Steve’s face was now filled with confusion, blue eyes burning bright.
“Is that why you’ve been coming out of your ruts looking so tired?” Tony asked, the truth dawning on him of just how much Steve had really been holding back for his sake. “Because of me?”
“No, I’m not.” Steve reached forward, holding Tony’s hand in his. “I’m completely serious.”
He has Bruce, Thor, Nat, Rhodey, Clint.
Not to say Tony hated his job. He was good at it, having risen to the top amongst his colleagues. He even invented new ways of torture and torment along the way.
“Thanks. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have been able to do all those things.” Steve knows that’s the truth, that his transformation into Captain America was thanks to the doctor.
“It’s a long story.” Steve looked away, half expecting Tony to push him away, but when he didn’t, Steve crawled back up the bed, positioning himself and sitting on his haunches between Tony’s thighs. Tony tensed at the contact, but couldn’t help but slightly relax at the warmth, at the hand that came to rest lightly on his hip.
“I know.” Tony pinched the bridge of his nose. “I fucked up.”
Instead, he sees the ceiling of an army barrack, one that is all too familiar.
The next thing he got was a box of chocolates, and attached to it was a card that read ‘Like chocolate, you make everything better.’ Tony rolled his eyes at the cheesy pickup line, and after picking a few pieces for himself, he offered the rest to whoever was in the station.
However, it was the next gift that changed everything. Instead of a box or bouquet, Tony found a large envelope on his desk. Opening it up, inside was a beautiful sketch of the park nearby, with the trees in full bloom. This time, instead of another pickup line, there was a note that said: ‘Hope you like something more personal.’
Two years, and Tony looks as if it were decades. White has now grown at the temples of his thick hair. New wrinkles have formed along his forehead and at the corner of his eyes. Steve notices that the armour is in pieces because it’s broken, and even the inner track suit is torn and tattered. Blood is everywhere, dried flecks in his hair, a stain where it had previously dribbled out his mouth.
The numbness is back. Or maybe it never really left.
Once he was fully seated, Steve paused, letting Tony get used to the feeling. Tony was grateful, but all he wanted was for things to speed up. He wrapped his legs around the angel’s narrow waist, ankles locked against the small of his back. He gripped Steve’s biceps and said, “
In his centuries of existence, Tony had never felt a presence like the one the man exuded before. Whatever he was, he had to be powerful enough to affect even him. Try as he might, Tony couldn’t stop stealing quick glances. He was attractive as hell, and it had been way too long since Tony got laid, desperation starting to set in.
Silence, and then…
Steve laughs, and Tony melts a little on the inside at how it sounds, how good it feels to hear something so pure and genuine after everything. The blond presses a kiss to the spot in between Tony’s eyebrows, and smiling brightly, says, “Anything you want, Tony.”
Steve reaches for his hand. “You’re not alone in this, Tony. You have the others. You have me.”
As he walked along, he stopped by one of the stalls selling artwork. There were sculptures and paintings, but what really caught Tony’s eye was a drawing of the nearby boardwalk. Picking it up, he stared at it for a long while before realising that it had the exact same style of the sketches sent to him.
However, it was clear that Steve was still holding back, the man still being so careful about not hurting Tony. And while Tony enjoyed how tender Steve was, all he wanted right now was for Steve to give in to his animalistic side, to hold him down and fuck him senseless, to use him.
“For a long time now.” Steve’s hand slowly travelled up, running across Tony’s chest, across the lines embedded in the skin. The tingling got stronger too, but now it was more like an electric shock, jolts that frayed Tony’s nerves, bordering on the edge of actually hurting. “Our main mission is to make sure your kind doesn’t cause too much trouble. But centuries of watching a person changes things. I started caring about you. I was starting to want to talk to you, to actually want to interact with you face-to-face and not have one-sided conversations.”
"Steve, I'm going to-"
There’s nothing much, just a few potted flowers, a table and a bench but the view is what really gets him to stay. Even in the low light, he can tell that it’s overlooking a good part of the city, maybe even some hills in the distance. He plants himself on the bench, waiting in the chilly morning air.
Tony was broken out of his thoughts as he felt Steve’s hand on his own cock, stroking in rough jerks. His thumb ran over the already wet tip, and the building heat in Tony's lower abdomen grew all the more intense, that all too familiar coil getting tighter and tighter, ready to snap at any given moment.
“Come on then.” Steve got up, arms flexing as he put on his jacket, smiling as he notices Tony staring. As they walked out, Tony turned to see Clint mouthing “Finally!” and Bruce “Be careful!”, while Natasha just shook her head with a smile on her face. He mouthed back “Put it on my tab!” before turning back to see Steve getting onto a motorcycle. He handed over a helmet to Tony. “Safety first, right?”
Steve broke the kiss suddenly, pulling away, and Tony very nearly whimpered at the loss. Steve slowly pulled out until only the head of his cock remained inside. The demon winced at the oversensitivity as his legs were lifted, coming to rest on Steve’s broad shoulders. With his large hands on Tony thighs, Steve drove himself into Tony, a hard, sharp thrust that made the demon throw his head back.
But he knows something is up. As much as he hates it, he pushes Tony back slightly. “What are you-”
His orgasm triggered Steve's own, filling Tony up with both cum and his knot. Their pleasure mixed together, and Tony was gasping at not just how much he felt, but how much Steve felt for him, an intoxicating blend of possessiveness, lust, and adoration.
Having been on the receiving end of Natasha’s powers before, he definitely did not want to experience that again. Taking one last swig of his drink for liquid courage, Tony got up and walked over. The stranger looked up from his bottle of beer, and his eyes were even bluer up close, so bright that Tony could have gotten lost in them. Instead, he leaned back against the counter and folded his arms.
For someone who was in rut, Steve sure was taking his time, but all Tony could do was lie there, closing his eyes as he took it all in, letting Steve run the show. Again, he wasn’t going to complain, because for someone who Tony had never slept with before, Steve’s fingers and mouth worked miracles, finding all the right spots on Tony’s body that sent his nerves tingling.
he thought
Ignoring all flight response, he made his way there, finding even more damage along the way. The vampire instincts, the werewolf-fearing part of him that he buried down deep inside after becoming friends with Steve, starting acting up, telling him to get out immediately, but he ignored it. He wasn’t going to leave. Not until he could make sure that Steve was okay, because he wouldn’t forgive himself if something had happened and he didn’t do anything.
“So what, you would rather suffer the rest of your life than tell me the truth?”
Tony shakes beside him, exhausted and overwhelmed by whatever hell he has been through.
He saw Rhodey and Bruce less than a day ago, but so much has happened that he can’t really blame them for how bruised and battered they are. Both men are covered in dirt and dust, Rhodey trying to make sense of everything, Bruce rubbing the bridge of his nose as he tries to find an explanation.
“We have time.” Tony wanted to wriggle his hips to make a point, but he didn’t want to distract Steve.
When Tony gave her a confused look, Natasha just said, “Flowers have meanings, don’t they?”
“Pick your jaw off the floor. I hate it when you drool all over the hardwood,” Natasha teased, to which Tony glared at her. She chuckled. “But seriously though, stop staring. You’re going to scare the customer away.”
Then the stranger turned, and their eyes met.
“Have you seen him before?” Tony asked, his eyes tracking the movements of the newcomer as he sat at the other end of the bar. The reply went unheard though, as the man shrugged off his jacket, revealing flexed biceps, straining against the tight sleeves. Tony felt himself physically drooling at the display, staring without a care.
So, Tony and Natasha were left, watching as Bruce played with the kitten in Thor’s arms, and Thor looking at Bruce as if he was the only thing that mattered in the world.
He kept an eye on the portal while he waited. It only took a few minutes for Iron Man to land next to him. He nodded at Steve. “Wing- Cap. What's our play?” It wasn't like when FRIDAY piloted it at all. It was exactly like when Tony was in the armor. Steve needed to stay focused. Even if this Iron Man could pilot the armor as well as Tony Stark, the two of them still might not be enough to handle whatever happened to fall out of the sky.
“You wouldn't.” Steve needed to believe it. He trusted Tony. He looked down at real Tony. He got so caught up in AI Tony he forgot for a moment what he was doing here in the first place. Steve picked up the still toppled over chair and sat back down. “He wouldn't.” He corrected himself.
“Nope. AI, I guess? I uploaded my consciousness into a program. So my intelligence isn't really artificial. Or it wasn't. I don't really know what it is now. Anyways thought it would be a good contingency plan.” Tony kept looking at himself then he smiled over at Steve.
“Override. Tony Stark. Code. 31-21-11-01.” Tony crossed his arms.
When he got back to the tower Steve spoke over the comm again. “Tony?”
“Oh boy. Well I think I might be able to close it but we have incoming!” Suddenly a large form dove out of the portal and took Iron Man smashing him into the ground directly below. Some kind of space worm? Steve didn't really know what it was.
“You're my hero. Always have been.”
“Want Jarvis to make you some chamomile? Calm those old nerves of yours?”
“Some kind of interactive recording?” Steve watched hologram Tony. He knew for a fact he'd go right through him but the urge to try to hold him was nearly overwhelming.
“Energy signal gone. I'm gonna try to close it without blowing anything up now. But um, maybe keep your shield handy Cap.” Tony was quiet for a moment, then Steve could hear the hum of energy buzzing through the air. He watched as a beam of energy ripped out of the armors chest and directly into the center of the portal. He didn't blow it up, but he did blow it in. The portal imploded, then was gone just as quick as it came. Iron Man ungracefully fell to the ground.
Wasp, unavailable, in Beijing.
War Machine, unavailable, USAF duties.
“Would it be easier for you if I left, Captain?” Steve couldn't look at the AI, his voice sounded hurt though. Not as hurt as Steve felt though, he just nodded. There was no response, after a while Steve looked back and saw he was alone again.
Captain America answered nearly every emergency call. He didn't really have to fight anyone over who would handle it, Carol had gone out to the Alpha Flight station which was currently in orbit. He hadn't seen her before she left. Tony was no longer groaning at his alerts or racing Steve to see who could answer first. So Steve mostly took care of it. It worked for him.
Doctor Strange, unavailable, currently in another dimension.
“No. It's not..  Jesus, Tony, when did you- what is the last memory you have?” Tony still looked worried.
Captain Marvel, unavailable, in space.
“We were?” Hologram Tony's expressions were so very human. So much more than Steve had ever seen on FRIDAY's hologram face. It was so easy to believe it was Tony. “God damnit Tony.” He said in a frustrated tone. Steve watched curiously as Holo-Tony pulled up holoscreens and started searching through files. It was an odd sight.
“Nothing's come through yet, go find out what you can about that portal Iron Man.” Like that the armor took off flying up to the portal. It was only a few moments before Tony's voice was over the comms.
“Oh, darling, I thought you'd never ask” Iron Man quipped and they got to work. As it turns out, he did know their routines. Exactly as well as Tony did. In fact, fighting with Iron Man like this was the least lonely Steve had felt since Tony, well, since Tony effectively died.  It didn't take much time at all for them to make work of the worm.
“How did Tony feel about me?” He knew it was pathetic to try to pry for this kind of information but Tony hadn't included Steve as part of his 'contingency plan’ so he needed to know.
“Iron Man!” Steve called out running towards him. Steve tried reminding himself Tony isn't in the armor he can't be hurt. He still found himself lunging at the thing with his shield bashing it in maybe the face, until he pushed it back enough to free Iron Man. Tony pulled himself out from under it getting back to his feet.
By some twist of fate it seemed like the universe was going to finally allow Steve Rogers to be happy. Steve had been through a lot of painful things, watching his mother die, becoming Captain America, losing Bucky, waking up seventy years in the future; but then he met Tony Stark. Tony was the first friend Steve found after waking up, but the way his heart felt when he made Tony smile or laugh wasn't friendship at all. Steve would take what he could get, Tony gave him his friendship freely, Tony gave him Bucky back, Tony gave him a home. And even though Steve felt like he couldn't possibly ask Tony for anything else, Tony gave him his heart.
“Tony?”
“Other than data from the suit, yeah. I don't have any memories from time spent not as Iron Man.” He made a face like he was thinking. Steve hated how much this hologram behaved just like his Tony.
Iron Man, available, in route.
“You know for a fact I hate that stuff.” Steve laughed and started heading back to the tower. Tony just hummed in response.
“Bad news, FRIDAY is picking up similar energy signals through the portal they're getting closer. Worse news, I can't try to close it as long as the energy signal exists on both sides. And it's going to require a lot of energy so I gotta be frugal.” He turned his head not that he needed to see Steve to listen for orders. Tony always did anyways.
“So Tony's last 8 months are gone?” Of course something so cruel would happen to Steve. He'd get a way to talk to Tony again and their whole relationship would be gone.
Fantastic Four, unavailable to assist.
When he got down to the lab there Tony was, and he was tinkering. Seemingly taking advantage of an Iron Man gauntlet to hold things. Seeing Tony in the workshop tinkering was a sight Steve didn't realize he missed so badly.
“No, not like FRIDAY. I have nearly unlimited access but I'm only in one spot at one time.”
“You mean how do I feel about you?” Tony crossed his arms. “I am Tony.”
Well Steve took care of it until there was an actual call to Assemble. Steve wanted to think he could take care of it but when he saw a portal opening up in the sky above Central Park he knew better. He waited for status reports from the Avengers after he sent out the call.
Steve didn't know what to think. He didn't know how to feel about this techno ghost Tony made of himself. “Is he going to wake up?”
“No.” Tony paused, as if considering what to say. “This might do more harm than good, all things considered.” He glanced down at his body then back at Steve. “I love you, Steve Rogers. Have for a long time.” He paused watching Steve's face. “You're not surprised? Did you know?”
“Polo.”
“Tony!” Steve called out and ran to the suit. He rolled it over, it was dead. The reactor dark. Steve suddenly felt very afraid he just lost Tony again. A bit frantically he called out over his comm. “FRIDAY, status on Tony?”
“I'm sorry Cap. I know it's not easy losing a friend.”
“In the flesh.” Hologram Tony spread his arms like he did when he was presenting one of his wonderful inventions. Like he was proud. “Well… not flesh.” He stepped closer and glanced down at real Tony.
“Alright. Delta maneuvers?” Steve raised a brow at Iron Man. He wasn't sure the AI Tony knew their combat routines.
“Don't.” Steve couldn't take any terms of affection from this thing.
“Is that it?”
“The last backup was March 27th.”
“Iron Man? The Avengers won't have to be without him and hey now I don't need to eat or sleep to function. I'll be able to respond to all calls to Assemble.” Tony had an easy smile and he was leaning against the casket - pod - that held real Tony.
“Are you in the whole tower like FRIDAY?” Steve went to change out of his uniform.
“Yes, Cap?”
“Tony. If you'd been in the suit you would have had a heart attack.” Steve was more than relieved it wasn't Tony's physical form pulling that stunt.
Steve suddenly remembered what the AI Tony had said. He'd answer all calls to assemble. Steve had seen the armor piloted by AI before. It was… unpleasant. They didn't move in it like Tony did. It was like watching a puppet version of Tony. Steve hated it, but he was the one who put out the call. He'd have to deal with it now.
Hawkeye, standby, on West Coast could be there by quinjet.
“Sure.” Steve said. Still unwilling to let himself think of the AI as Tony.
“So if I uh, if I wanted to see you, where would you be?” Maybe Steve was going crazy but he felt like he was with Tony again. He couldn't give that up again. He couldn't.
“I'm here, Cap.” Tony's voice came over the comm again. “Not in the armor though, FRIDAY's flying a suit out to pick it up. I don't see any energy readings from the towers sensors, please tell me it worked?”
“Yeah, I know.” Steve couldn't help but to smile, the memory of their first confessions was a very fond one. Tony pouted at him and Steve found himself chuckling before reminding himself this isn't Tony. He schooled his expression. “I've known for the last 7 months. Tony and I were in a relationship.”
“I'm Tony.” The hologram grinned, exactly like Tony. Steve's heart clenched. He wanted to let himself believe in the fantasy.
“Yeah, Shellhead, it worked.” Steve let go of some of the tension he'd been carrying.
“I frankly don't give a damn about the Iron Man armor right now.” Steve felt himself getting angry at this stupid AI Tony built, how could he even think that's what Steve was concerned about. AI Tony looked down and sighed.
“What are you?” Steve wondered if this was just a message? Pre-recorded? Would it answer? Tony did make some really amazing things.
“What?” Steve honestly wasn't even thinking about Iron Man. He just wanted Tony back. His Tony. His home.
“Do you need to use the computer like that?”
Despite the fact that Tony Stark wasn't in it, the world continued on. The stasis pod Tony was in was moved from Shield to the Stark Tower. Steve had moved into the floor Tony occupied nearly 6 months ago. It was odd without Tony there but Steve managed. He kept busy. It was all he could do.
“Great.” Tony replied dryly. “Well Steve, it sounds like I was definitely hiding something. Hope that doesn't come back to bite anyone in the ass.” Steve frowned at that. He'd hoped he and Tony were past that. Tony hadn't kept secrets from him in a long time.
“Oh big questions already. Um, I don't know. I created a way so I wouldn't die, I couldn't actually test it though. I didn't even know it would work at all. I can still operate the armor though.”
“Listen, Winghead-” Tony started.
“Friend?!” Steve stood up so suddenly the chair he'd been occupying fell with a thud the echoed in the nearly empty room. He couldn't help it. This computer said he was made from Tony's consciousness. Steve loved Tony. He didn't lose a friend, he lost everything. Why didn't this Tony know that. Steve didn't doubt Tony loved him, not once. Not until now. Why leave that out of his program? Why not include those feelings if they were as strong as Steve thought they were. Tony's hologram frowned and looked at Steve like he was trying to figure a problem out.
post-civil war
After the end of the second week with him not waking up beside Tony, Steve had had enough. He went down to the lab and opened the door (of course with a little knock to let Tony know he was there), walking over to his boyfriend and sitting in the spare chair in front of him.
Every so often, he'd glance up and still find Tony up and about, seemingly twirling around in his little space. And, although Steve would never admit it, he'd catch a glimpse of Tony's curved buttock and maybe even stare--
Tony left the building and started walking down the sidewalk. The downtown cafe was far from his neighborhood, but Tony had no intention of returning home for a while. Home just gets so lonely when your parents are barely ever home and your maids only tolerate you because they get paid big time.
When he retrieved the beaten-down box, he returned to the brunette and sat beside him on the edge of the bed, pulling the jacket from his hands. Tony let him take it easily, watching it slide from his grasp and lay in Steve's lap instead.
He found Tony Stark, a jewel of a man, and he fell in love with him right there.
CH. 001 | EDITED ✔
There are many other patrons around, Tony's sure, but he could only distract himself for so long before going back to thinking of what he's done just two nights prior.
yuck this is bad too 🤢
Tony rolled his lips into his mouth awkwardly and nodded, now being the one to look away. What Steve just said . . . Tony could really relate to. Like,
The blond opened the top drawer on the left first, being greeted with specks of dust that whooshed around like annoying pests. He swiped them out of his face then grabbed a random folder, opening the thick paper and checking the contents inside. He slouched against an abandoned table adjacent to the drawers, starting his mental narration of the project notes.
“Oh, sorry. You're just . . . very puzzling. I hate being puzzled.” He then leaned in slightly, narrowing his eyes as he whispered, “Puzzles are annoying,”
Steve’s arms momentarily left his boyfriend's neck to adjust Tony's around his waist before they returned to their comfortable spot.
“Yeah, that's right.” Tony huffed with pretend-arrogance, leaning forward to kiss Steve lovingly. When they parted, Steve pulled out some homemade pancakes and eggs and two bottles of Tony's favorite beer.
Steve opened the folder and was again greeted by dust, similar to how he started all the other folders, but the photos didn't consist of
“Okay, but,” Tony turned around, struggling slightly, “maybe kiss me before you shove me into your car? It's the least you can do for li'l old me.”
“Disgruntled expression twenty-four seven?? Do I?--you know what--okay. Thank you!” Tony said, waving goodbye as he got out of the cafe. “Disgruntled my ass . . . “ He muttered, a disgruntled expression on his face.
. It was new, and it was beautiful. It was like Stark knew him through thick and thin already, and to be honest with you? It was relieving.
“Why did my father like you so much?”
Again, the brunette said nothing. She simply brought up a sticky note of her own, this one white and again covered with Steve's writing. “Give this orange sticky note to a guy with brown hair and brown eyes. He has a disgruntled expression 24/7.” It read. Then on the back there was a quick sketch of Tony himself, strikingly similar to the real thing.
When Tony arrived, he saw a sheet of copy paper nailed into a tree, again with Steve's writing on it. He walked up and read it.
Steve is then dragged to his room, continuing his stream of compliments and admirations about Tony. He keeps repeating how he's so happy to see his face and, again, how good he smells. Tony ignores it, of course (people say dumb stuff when they're drunk all the time), but his cheeks feel hot with every passing sentence from the blondie's mouth. Never had he heard Steve talk so highly of him before. There was always that occasional banter but the majority of their conversations were threats and comments leading to fights. All in all, Steve nor Tony ever admitted to their admiration for each other. At least, not when sober.
Project Arsenal.
Steve had asked on multiple occasions where Clint was taking him, resisting the tug on his wrist every once in a while when the spy would reply with, “Just a little place downtown," and a not-really-assuring side-smile.
was the man that his father compared him to day after day? This annoyingly, incredibly,
Even after all their strenuous quarrels or their searing glares to one another, Steve never found the billionaire ugly. As a matter of fact, whenever Tony's eyes do all the work and dig into Steve's soul, the captain could honestly never find him anymore beautiful than that. The way his eyes contorted with all this passion, emotion,
"Why'd you dismantle the toaster?!"
“I already told you. They remind me of good times, they're cute, and IIIIIIIII want . . . to wear them. Near Christmas time.”
smell. And to Steve it was home.
“Not only that,” Tony continued suddenly, “but with every accomplishment I ever had--whether it was straight As, building a high-functioning machine in first grade, or whatever the fuck else--he'd never be satisfied. I even got A-plus-plus-pluses somehow! Yet he never cared enough to even congradulate me. He made me feel like such a disappointment for so long . . . ”
Steve looks at him funny, releasing his spoon and letting it swirl in the coffee mug as he peeks into the plastic bag. There are, indeed, two pairs of reindeer headbands. The ones with the bells near the ends of the antlers. Steve picks them out, inspecting them for only a second before snorting and looking at Tony again.
Tony sniffs, casually wiping his nose and looking away as he did so. “Reindeer headbands.” He answers, giving a shrug.
And that was it. He was silenced by a hungry kiss. When the officer pulled away, he mumbled, “It's Steve.” Then he shut the door and went into the driver's seat, roaring the engine and driving off.
What the egotistical teenager couldn't figure out was the blondie in his engineering class. Steve Rogers.
Steve finally looked up from the jacket, glaring at Tony softly but seriously. “Tony, I've liked you ever since we met in eighth grade. You were very loud and seemed fun to be around, even though Mr. White was right about you being an ass.”
For a moment, the man seemed to actually be considering the suggestion, looking into Tony's eyes, then to his lips, then into his eyes again. He shook his head though, which was a shame, then started pulling Tony back to the bar, where his car was parked in front of.
He just didn't know. The most recondite thing Tony had ever witnessed was Steve, and my
Steve had just stared at him dumbfounded, jaw hanging as he thought of what to say. Tony didn't know why. He didn't expect hesitation. He only counted the immediate answers like yes and no--he didn't fathom the possibility of Steve taking careful consideration.
And then everything went silent. Tony looked at Steve seriously, although his drunkenness was still heavily apparent.
Steve crossed his arms tighter. He wanted to say something, but he didn't. Or, well,
The captain shook his head frantically. "Bullshit! How'd this
He made his way to the movie theater, seeing a man by one of the many double doors. Tony slowly approached him, about to say something but instead being handed another orange sticky note without even making eye contact.
“You're real, right? I'm--I'm real. Right?” The genius suddenly pulls back.
“Fuck you too, Rogers.” Is the ending of their discussion, then some shuffling and a door carelessly slamming shut.
Tony did as told, now spotting the beginning of the rose-petal-and-confetti trail. He walked down it. After passing a few trees, he found another paper. “Remember when you brought a beer that one time and we shared it as we watched the sunset like gaylords? That was fun. But I do have to say, Stark, your taste in alcohol sucks ass. But I still love you all the same. ^u^ - Steve x.” It said.
“Cap! H-Hey! I’m--” he felt another shock of pain, making him scream inside his own mouth--"okay . . . “
“Don't bullshit me, I'm on your case!” The man suddenly snapped.
The taxi drives its way to the Avengers tower through the Manhattan traffic, letting quiet jazz play from his radio to wave away the silence.
Tony set everything in the places he'd imagined they'd be, despite Steve's little comments here and there about how they should rearrange this or replace that.
- more jock steve!
It went silent between the two momentarily, causing Steve to glance back at Tony with an eyebrow perked. Tony noticed and stood up straighter, pulling his hand from his pocket and clasping it on top of the other. “Oh. Uhm, sorry to hear that, captain.” He mumbled.
Howard. The senior Stark looked proud and tired at the same time, even giving a thumbs-up to the camera in one. It was a refreshing sight, really. Proof that Howard Stark had a heart.
but anyway there was a lot of hawkeye hate in here (or at least hawkeye shade being passed around) but i swear on my life that i love hawkeye more than i love myself. he's like my second favorite character in /general/--very close to tony (who is a.k.a. my BIGGEST stan ever in the world like god i love this man)
But now, with the two staring into each other's eyes like they do in rom-coms, they could feel that chemistry pull them closer to one another, and neither hesitated when their lips collided.
Steve nodded with a snort, not looking away from his stitching. “Yes, Tony, I know.”
Was that an extremely dangerous act? Yes, it was. Was it incredibly dumb? Yes, it was. But did Tony care? No, he didn't. He craved danger as much as he craved Steve's heat.
Steve blinked once or twice. “I suppose they are, but--I'm less puzzling than Hawkeye, and Hawkeye--”
“Go off, prick.” Steve waves Tony off irritably. He doesn't have time for arguments right now, not with the S.H.I.E.L.D. side tasks he has piling up on his to-do's that he has yet to complete.
Steve looked at him, then around the room, then back to him as he asked, “Soooo . . . are you going to ask anythi--”
Then his lips were on Steve's again, and Steve was quick to give in. The brunette didn't know if this guy was naive or he just didn't care about his reputation, but
The poor man nearly fell on his face running up to the captain, flailing the file around in his arms before colliding with the blond and kissing him happily. Steve sunk into the lip lock immediately, but he pulled away after another second. "You're drunk, aren't you." He said firmly. It wasn't a question like he intended it to be.
ahhhhhh shit dawg i have school so that's why i wasn't able to make new chapters recently
even though it's edited it's shit
To Steve, smell didn't mean much. Sure, it was nice to classify things from scent alone--such as a beautiful dinner or pleasing perfume--but to Steve, smell didn't mean all that much unless his nose was capable of detecting illegals like police dogs could do.
Tony snorted. "Okay, boyfriend."
weird smell--it was
Tony's bitch face became bitchier. “Baby, I appreciate your attempts to make me blush but you pretty much said you would call this piece of shit a piece of shit if it wasn't made a piece of shit Stark.”
“Tony Stark! Stop right there!” The blond said firmly. To be honest with you, despite his situation, Tony found that serious, growling tone very attractive, and he couldn't help the silent plea for him to continue talking.
“I'm going to talk to him.” Tony suddenly announced, pushing himself off the wall and marching with confidence all the way to the flag-dressed blond.
He got out from his bed and slid on a jacket, his sweatpants, and some sneakers before stuffing his phone in his pocket and heading out of the house. His parents were usually gone for work at this time (it's almost like they sleep there instead of home itself), so no one was there to demand he get back to his room. What were his maids going to do? Threaten to call his parents? Tch.
“To be honest with you? He's the most normal person here. He's more normal than Hawkeye, who doesn't even have any distinctive powers other than his excellent point-blank archery, which, in it of itself, is just an ability from countless hours of perseverance. Not an actual ability or enhancement obtained from being a lab experiment or from overwhelming intellect.”
Steve is drunk. That's right.
“I don't think you're a disappointment . . . ”
And this was the thing that bothered Tony the most: why didn't Steve have a girlfriend? With everything that Steve's being is, he should've at least had five relationships by now. But there's only been one publicly shared before, a fact Tony found out only last month. Steve claimed he'd only dated one girl back in middle school, her name Peggy Carter. They broke up because Steve moved to Manhattan and Peggy had no solid reason to tag along, so they had to break it off. Surely after two years Steve would've moved on but, Tony overheard him on a handful of occasions referencing Peggy with such longing and delicacy that made Tony realize the fact that maybe Steve was still not over her.
Tony chuckled. “God, I loved Mr. White.”
"Envy drinking." Steve gathered the files and stacked them at the end of the couch, then put the bottles empty and full into a neat organization, out from Tony's reach. He then sat down next to the drunk genius, putting a hand on his shoulder and squeezing affectionately. "Tony, I know it sucks to have your father pay more attention to robots instead of you, but you can't keep doing this. There are better ways to cope--"
"Thank you. For listening to me, I mean." Steve finished, a little flushed at the realization that he could talk so much in one sitting.
And then they parted. And in that moment Tony realized that Steve looked at him every time he was doodling in his sketchbook because maybe he was the inspiration for his drawings; he realized Steve gave him those second-long glances when talking to friends because maybe he was the topic of conversation; he realized that Steve quickly shut up about Peggy when Tony strolled by because maybe he had moved on and Tony was now his number one; he realized that Steve called him a mystery because maybe he had been studying Tony since the beginning as well.
CH. 002 | EDITED ✔
highschool au, featuring . . .
Steve knew what he'd been searching for his whole life. He searched for the good path back in the 40s; he'd dreamt about starting a family; he wished for a blossoming relationship with his then love-of-his-life Peggy Carter.
that reminded Steve he's finally found a person who could ground him from his idealistic fantasies or his over-the-top opinions; the way certain areas of his face like his brows or the left corner of his lips would minutely perk, drawing in on themselves like a storm bringing on the thunder of animation and beauty; the way words of either admiration or irritation spilled from his soft lips, creating an ocean so aggressively attractive that it took your breath away the second you heard the natural scruff in his voice.
, his mind seethed. The brunette knew this was probably going to be his last moments, but giving false hope to his friend was all he could think of doing.
“I . . . don't know. Maybe because I was a successful test subject.” Steve shrugged, which only made Tony more confused. How could he
"You're a mystery." Steve repeated. "How'd you know I like puzzles?"
Tony's eyes squinted beneath the tinted lenses of his sunglasses.
When the two met eyes, Tony grinned as an attempt to hold back pained winces thanks to the aching in his back. “So,” he managed to wheeze, “what's your name?”
Many people found Tony Stark ugly, even the man himself did. But Steve Rogers didn't. Never once had he thought that since he's met the man.
to didn't.
his muscle-man husband out of bed so he could get his ass ready.
The question bothered Steve a lot. This relationship with Stark was still new at that point, so he was still getting used to opening up to him. So, in old Steve fashion, he replied with, "Nothing."
“Wow. Tony Stark? Puzzled?--” Bruce almost laughed.
Tony had nearly choked on his saliva but managed to wave back--very stiffly, might I add--before awkwardly making his way over to Bruce in the corner, staying as far from Steve as he could without actually revealing so.
But when he was woken up into the modern world, Steve had since forgotten what he was looking for. He remembered Peggy, remembered wanting something beautiful with her, but with those years now behind him, he knew he couldn't have those dreams come true any longer. It'd been way too long to even think so.
Tony snorted. “Duh. Where's my ring you little shit?”
Fallacious: based on a mistaken belief.
Steve was the first to pull back, sliding off the desk and stumbling clumsily a few feet away from Tony. He was wiping his mouth as an attempt to hide the harsh blush now present on his skin, but to be completely honest, Cap wouldn't have minded keeping the mark of Tony's lips on him forever--
But no matter the satisfaction he felt when a threat was dealt with, Steve's heart remained half empty. Steve still longed for a family; Steve still longed for someone to hold.
okay so ever since i posted chapter 15 i realized i made the mistake of letting steve have two chapters in a row so this chapter will be tony's 2nd chapter in a row and then i'll let the pattern turn back to normal
In a dazed confusion mixed with numbing pain, Tony looked around silently to see what's happened. He was disoriented, not even able to stare ahead for long enough to process what had him trapped and feeling so weak.
He opens the door to find Steve on the other side, looking worried and confused. “Hey. Jarvis told me to come over because you were--”
FT. COP STEVE AND CRIMINAL TONY WOOHOO!
" He repeated. When Steve looked down to meet his eye, his words were stuck in his throat. The utter warmth, fondness, and
i'm not good at angst so this'll prolly come off as rlly dry but pls enjoy my efforts (please)
- jock steve
blood? He thought.
to everything.
, which
But when Steve Rogers became a part of the Avengers, finally,
Tony's face flushed a tinge, but he then looked back up to the barista and asked, “How did you know I'm the person who's supposed to receive this?”
Steve never liked people worrying about him. He'd do things without help; he'd complete errands without any assist; he'd sulk without a shoulder to cry on. Everything he did was by himself, and it was mostly because his Rogers pride was too big to swallow.
Steve Rogers, captain of pretty much every sport in school, is
. He and Steve were going to adopt!!
He believed he was righter than right about anything thanks to his bloated ego, and that also meant he believed he was right when he said nobody could love him simply because he was who he was.
He dug around almost frantically (and sloppily) for a certain file, determined to find it despite the sloshing of his brain.
After a few more steps down the trail, Tony came across the final note near the clearing where he and Steve used to admire their city. “I know what I've been writing must've cringed you out by now since you aren't one for love letters, but I hope today you can make an exception. (Your fault for dating a hopeless romantic.) But anyway--Tony, you're a great person, and I'm glad we're dating. I've never been so proud to announce my love for anyone I've dated in the past. I guess I just have a thing for edgy bad-boy geniuses. You're such an inspiration, what with your stubbornness and determination, and I want to ask you this one thing before any of your other admirers can . . . “
wow a semi decent tony chapter??? it's been ages!! to be fair though i did write this at 5am and i haven't gotten any sleep prior so i just know this'll be crappier when i wake up from my inevitable nap
“Like, you're actually someone I reeeeeeeeeally care about. You know that, right?”
"Look at how cute ya are, Captun!" Tony pointed to the picture of Steve before the serum. "If it wasn't for this project, I'd be taller than ya!" He remarked with a childish giggle.
After agreeing on the day the date would be held, Steve started to reciprocate a lot more. He got up earlier than Tony did to make
this is probably my least favorite chapter tbh
The thought of Rogers rejecting him in such a way not only sunk his heart but it swallowed his dignity until it was no more. All the more reason for Tony to doubt his decision.
Tony was absolutely
Of course, with his pessimism, the brunette unconsciously believed Steve would react badly the whole way through. He'd shove the bribing gifts Tony imagined he bought right into his chest and nag on and on about how selfish he was and say that there were so many other things that were more important than his feelings. Tony imagined his heart being deflated and then stretched until it tore open and let loose all the emotions he no longer would want.
“Anyway, back to the mush. You're a great person, Tony. A great friend, and an even greater boyfriend. I love you.”
CH. 003 | EDITED ✔
When it was time to go home, Tony would always linger by the front doors just to watch Steve walk out with Bucky, as he usually did. Every day, Steve came out at the same time, same way, same person chatting in his ear relentlessly. It took a week but eventually Steve noticed him loitering and would wave to him kindly. Tony would nod back in response, and then Bucky would look at Steve and get real close to him, mumbling things Tony never quite got the translation of. Which made him more suspicious. Which made him more irritated. Which made him more infatuated by Steve as the days went by. After all this time, you'd be surprised if Tony said Steve
“Yes!” Tony hissed. “Live it down, Green Goliath. I'm just--” Another glance to Steve, another point of dignity taken down. “Mr. Patriot confuses me. A lot.”
In the middle of his slow stitching, Tony rested his head on Steve's shoulder, giving it a tired smooch. He probably screamed about the broken zipper for a long time before coming over, so his eyes were droopy and his throat hurt.
“S-Steven! Cap-- Oh god, stop . . . " Tony wheezed through gritted teeth, "L-leave me, I . . . I can make it out myself.”
CH. 012 | EDITED ✔
And then the night went on. Even though after every argument Tony was left exhausted and mad, he couldn't help the admiration bubbling in his stomach over how strong Cap was. How he stood tall and firm. How his fists clenched and his pretty lips perked the slightest bit when Tony spoke to him with a sharp tongue. How, even when he lost in an argument, he'd dust himself off and continue walking, stepping onward with so much elegance that not even a blow to the ego could damage him.
“I thought you were an atheist.”
Steve was about to continue talking to Nat once the silence became too much, but Tony stopped him (rather quickly, too).
(See the end of the chapter for
." He whispered shakily, searching for a sign--
Maybe it was because they were cute, or it reminded him of when his mother forced them on his head before taking pictures by the christmas tree. Maybe the nostalgia was just so beautifully numbing that he needed them to simply continue his everyday life from here on out. Or maybe . . . he just wanted them.
CH. 008 | EDITED ✔
“Don't these people care about their hearing?” Steve asked over the music, nearly hacking up a lung whilst doing so.
“Nice to know you aren't as puzzling as you seem.” He stated after a while. He could hear Steve chuckle beside him. “Nice to know that you are.” Was the response. Through his peripherals, Tony noticed Steve leaning in the
“Woah, woah, okay--I wasn't expecting this--” Tony says, patting Steve awkwardly on the back. Steve snuggles his face into Tony's shoulder, smiling into his shirt while he moans and mumbles more incoherent sap about the man in his arms.
happen, nothing major or private was let loose. Ever.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve inspected the broken zipper, stroking his nonexistent beard in thought. You might be asking, “Why the fuck is this idiot using a sewing kit to fix a zipper?” Well, you see, Steve isn't really the fixing type, and Tony knows this. Tony himself is the fixing type, but Stevie here is the artistic kind. Whenever Tony has a problem with anything, Steve just doodles with it and it’s actually successful at making Tony happy again. But this jacket, however, will be a challenge for Steve to make better. Tony cherished this thing like it was his favorite person in the world, and Steve knew he was a close second. So, to repair this, Steve had to be very precise on what image to sew into this jacket to make it all better.
He saw everything with blurred vision, and his hearing wasn't doing much better. He could hear explosions and ear-piercing screams of horror in the distance, but he realized that he didn't have the strength to stand up and come to the rescue.
It’s just--
So, in a newer Steve fashion, he replied with, "Haunting memories are biting at me."
Sleeping beside Tony, let alone spooning him and him spooning you, was heaven in itself, but--wow . . . Tony's scent? It was so Tony that Steve started calling it the “Tony Smell” in his head.
Tony was the one to carry the bub to his room, laying him in the crib and putting a toy near his head. Steve draped an arm over his shoulders and sighed in contentment, smiling weakly at their new babe.
Tony looked left and right, over his shoulder and through the double doors, but the second his eyes were pulled back into Steve's, he realized
But, so much for enduring because, he screamed so loudly from the pain that his arms started to flail, adding to the hurt manipulating his every move.
So now, here he is, screaming into his pillow in the privacy of his bedroom and cringing over the earlier scenario.
He and Clint walked inside--Clint smiling, Steve losing spirit almost immediately.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve Rogers never thought of himself as the needy kind--never. He was always okay with his partner going out most of the time as long as it meant they got to cuddle together when it was time to sleep.
When Steve gave him the okay, Clint was cheering and patting his own back, shouting, “I'M ACCOMPLISHED, BITCH!” He then shoved Steve away and demanded he change into something more outdoorsy (“You dress like such an introvert,” he had said).
sign--that told him Tony would make it.
during parties. You're . . . Well, I don't want to say incredible, but . . . that's exactly what you are.”
boyfriend. Mine! Ha!”
pre-relationship
Steve didn't respond. He just stood up as casually as he sat down and opened his arms wide. Mind you, he was still in his sleeping clothes--an off white tee with black sweatpants--and his face held utter indifference.
“You don't like how he's being decent to everyone here like a normal human being should be?”
?!" He jogged up to his colleague and instantly a huge boulder came into view. Steve leaned forward an inch, only to discover in terror that Tony's legs were trapped underneath, crushed and bloody.
besides this word fits tony better anyway
Steve backed off with a nod of defeat and began twiddling with his thumbs. He'd been to bars before on a few occasions, even took a shot or two, but it quickly became boring because the alcohol never took affect. He never slurred dumb things and spilled secrets because there wasn't anything in his system to push him to.
Goodness, how he looked at Steve when he was done being beaten. How heartbroken and shocked he was. How Steve left with Bucky in his arms, leaving the love of his life on the floor to bleed out. At least, that's what Steve called him. The love of his life. How silly Tony still yearned for Steve to call him it. On many restless nights Tony thought of the first time Steve kissed him, bit him, and loved him. It was bliss on all counts, and it was perfect. How they fought even in bed and touched each other with delicate fingertips; how every murmur was a sound of love and commitment. It was euphoria, and it was home. But now home doesn't exist anymore, does it? What Tony lives in now isn't home. His home pushed him out and left him lifeless, alone, in a world where he needed the warmth of him the most.
It was Rhodey’s turn to roll his eyes. “Yeah well, whatever it is, next time, just tell him to bring you the damn beer himself. What kind of roundabout way is this?”
Tony ran over to Bruce, who was just a stall over. “The secret admirer… it was Steve!”
“I’m serious,” he said. “You think in all the years we’ve known each other, I’ve never thought about this? About us?” Tony wasn’t going to lie to himself. Sure, he mostly thought about Steve as a friend, but come on. There was this perfect specimen of a man right in front of him. He had always been attracted to Steve.
But when Tony looked up at Steve, a part of him knew that he wasn’t going to let go of him that easily, and neither would Steve. He wondered what it would be like if he actually married Steve.
“You look good, Cap,” Tony says, a smile on his face that Steve has so sorely missed. “How you’ve been?”
was different.
, Steve thinks.
Beside him, Clint was just as amused. “Seriously dude, are you even a demon? Why are you-”
From some corner of the room, music starts playing, and Steve looks over at Peggy, wondering if he should ask her for a dance.
Numb towards the gaping hole in his stomach where Thanos stabbed him.
And so, Tony did what any self-respecting demon wouldn’t do: he grabbed the front of Steve’s leather jacket and pulled him forward until their lips crashed together.
“I know. And I will always love you,” she replies, hand reaching up to cup the side of Steve’s face. “But you can love two people at the same time. The same goes for him too.”
With no hesitation, Steve slowly pulled out before thrusting back in, the movement causing the bed to shift and creak below them. His speed picked up with every thrust, reaching a steady pace that left Tony flushed and panting. One particularly deep thrust had him gripping the sheets, moans escaping him as Steve shifted and hit right against his prostate.
Steve’s heart breaks as he finally takes a good look.
Their eyes met. There was nothing but desire in Steve’s blue eyes, and Tony knew that his own brown ones were the same, calling out for Steve to fuck him already.
Keeping those memories repressed, Tony turned back to his friends. There was Rhodey, their sergeant and Tony’s oldest friend; Bruce, his partner in all things science related; Natasha, a fellow detective and the most badass woman Tony has ever known; and Clint, detective and best marksman in the entire history of the department. They were the best team Tony could ever ask for.
“Well, if you run out, don’t think I’m just going to get you a whole rotisserie chicken like I did last time.” Tony really didn’t understand why werewolves still had ruts and heats and things like that. Sure, Steve told him it was about bonding and finding a mate, but was it really necessary to go into a state of complete lust and horniness?
Immediately, Steve is no longer in the common room, finding himself transported to the bar from all those years ago, where he first saw Peggy in that stunning red dress.
Even after everything, as much as Tony wants to hate Steve, as much as he wants to stay angry at him, he finds that he can’t. Because even after everything, Tony loves him.
When he reached the small of his back, Steve’s hands moved to grab Tony’s ass. He kneaded the muscles, spreading them to expose Tony’s hole. Tony flushed, embarrassed at being so exposed, so open and vulnerable, but all that embarrassment flew out the window when Steve licked a broad stripe over his hole.
Steve looks back up to Tony’s face and sees a pained smile, matched by the same pain in his eyes. It’s then that Tony says, voice soft and broken, “Hi.”
Just like that, Steve finds his words. Without stopping, he lets Tony know all the things that have happened in the years since he left. He tells him about the team, about the rebuilding of the headquarters, then moves on to the most important people in Tony’s life.
“Tony, stop.” Steve’s hands immediately go to hold Tony sides, to hold him still. He helps Tony off, pulling slowly to avoid causing any more pain.
Tony wants to believe that Steve just said it in the moment, that his emotions were running high. But he kept repeating it, over and over, and Tony knows that it’s the truth.
They aren’t enough to say “You have no idea how happy I am that you’re alive.”
“If you know me so well, then you better call me once you’re done. Don’t make me wait.” Steve’s ruts lasted three, sometimes four days, which was nothing compared to how many days the both of them had lived, but Tony always felt that the days spent without Steve were some of the longest of his life. He always felt bored out of his mind, and - he would never admit it to Steve - incredibly lonely.
“We can’t!” The demon was still in disbelief. “We’re enemies!”
Numb.
He knows that Tony is close. He feels it. He speeds up, driving into Tony fast and hard. He doesn’t let up until the older man cries out his name, the only warning before he comes.
In his post-orgasm state of mind, it took Tony a good three seconds to process that information. When he did, his eyes went wide open. It felt like his heart wanted to burst out of his chest. “Me?”
“Tony.” Steve said his name like he was testing it out, seeing how it sounded. The smile that he gave after made Tony sure that yes, he very much liked the way it sounded coming from Steve.
Reaching up, Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck, trying to pull him closer, only to feel Steve’s own hands reach up between them, resting on Tony’s torso. Before Tony could even process anything, Steve ripped his shirt clean off, the two pieces of fabric thrown onto the floor.
“Well, look who got here first.”
With T’Challa gone, Steve watches as Okoye takes over, the general leading and taking charge. He sees the pain behind her leadership, her grief at having her king turn to dust before her very eyes. She is stronger than he could ever hope to be.
To be completely honest with you, he was insecure about it. Not knowing of something, or not being able to figure something out under two minutes (at the
Tony jumped awake, pulling himself from a nightmare that consisted of deaths and being chased by a hellhound. The brunette rubbed his eyes and looked to his phone on the nightstand, which was on and had a new notification on the lock screen.
Steve asked Tony to be his boyfriend. Tony said yes.
For once in his life, the armor he was so comfortable in finally felt heavy enough to suffocate him.
about Tony Stark could ever be ugly.
(See the end of the chapter for
of course. Probably.
As the blond opened the back of his car door and put Tony inside, the damned criminal couldn't help but ask again, “Really, can you just kiss me? You're incredibly attractive and my lips are incredibly soft. What's the harm?”
It started out slow, casual, mistaken for usual kindness rather than an actual sign of affection and liking. Tony had offered Steve a cup of coffee. Steve skeptically said yes, and from then on Tony asked him daily. It only took a week, however, until Tony was up earlier than Steve, brewing him a coffee right before he woke, leaving a sticky note on what has now been claimed his permanent coffee cup that had his name quickly scribbled onto it.
But when Tony Stark started sleeping with him, that statement completely changed.
Work for Steve Rogers was tiresome every day; everyone in the tower knew it when they saw the captain practically crawling through the elevator doors with his hair disheveled, his S.H.I.E.L.D. suit scuffed, and the obvious stretchy worn-outness of his attitude. They'd share soft hellos with the poor man then just let him go on his way to his "home", keeping their conversations low out of respect for his certain headache.
