Slow development chapter. Next chapter gets exciting. ;)
The sound of splintering wood shattered the silence of the room, followed shortly after with a shout of frustration. Next the leg to a broken chair sailed across the room to smash into the wall, exploding into a shower of splinters that scattered into the carpet. Dean was prepared to throw another part of the chair he had broken moments before but a polite cough interrupted him. He turned around with the back of the chair clutched in his hands, which were oozing a slow drip of blood that stained the floor in splashes of bright red.
A wet, repressed snuffle. A muted snort, stuck in a clogged nose. A slight gasp, choked off hurriedly. Castiel turned his head to look at Dean with surprise, finally realizing the Hunter was
“Yup. You an’ feathers are goin’ after it, too many dead as it is.” Bobby grunted as he fell into a seat next to Castiel, who was running a hand through his messy hair and yawning sleepily. The Angel blinked dozily at Bobby before he offered him a short smile, not even registering the mocking tone to the nickname. “It’s in Colorado, near that damn mountain people always ski on. I wan’ ya both gone in an hour, ya hear?” When Dean started to argue, in the middle of tipping three white pills into his palm, Bobby just offered him a fierce glare. He went quiet immediately and instead chased the medicine with a gulp of coffee.
His discomfort was quickly forgotten as he gaped at the destruction surrounding him. Confusion bleed through his emotions as he turned in a slow circle, eyes darting over the fallen trees. The trees were flattened, as if someone had dropped a small bomb in the air. He shook his head slightly before another cough racked his body, his chest tightening as he hacked up a few clods of dirt he had swallowed by accident. The Hunter spat out a disgusting mixture of spit and dirt onto the ground, swiping a hand across his mouth when the moment passed.
“Less than a day’s ride. Finish your drink, feathers, we’ve got a long drive ahead of us.”
A few staggering steps had them in the bathroom, where Dean shoved the shower curtain aside. He unceremoniously dumped the Angel into the tub, the spray of the shower hitting him full on. Dean dropped into the tub next to him, groaning when the stinging water hit his cold skin. “God damn it, Cass,” he sighed. “I’m sitting mostly naked in a tub with a mostly naked Angel. No homo though, right? Fuck. If I get pneumonia, I’ll kick your feathery ass.” His voice echoed hollowly in the room, giving the words an almost tinny feel.
Embarrassed to have been caught, Dean brushed off the concern with a fake smile, gesturing loosely back at the picture. “Yeah, yeah, I’m fine. Just surprised… Looks like someone I know. Uh. Anyways..  I thought angels were supposed to have white wings and look like babies?” He stuck his hands in the pockets of his pants, to prevent him from wanting to touch the painting again. He felt like a teenager who had been caught doing something he wasn’t supposed to.
That night he slept hard and all he could remember in the morning were the bright blue eyes, staring into his soul and his intense desire to just hand it over, give it away.
He had just barely caught sight of Castiel outside when he grabbed his coat in a panic, ready to launch himself out into the sudden winter storm. It was enough for him to pause by the window, coat halfway shrugged on. A frown marked his face as he watched the Angel, eyes briefly caught on the sight of snow dusted wings. He knew it had to be blisteringly cold outside, he could feel a bit of wind as it leaked through the window, ghosting coldly over him.
I told you I'd update as I wrote. Have a second chapter. I wouldn't be surprised if a third was added tonight. I'm struck dumb with my writing inspirations. It's just flowing right out. Have a Cass!
By the grace of … something, they made it to their destination in one piece and uscathed, though his hand ached from holding on what Meg called the ‘oh shit bar’. He eagerly slid out of the pink abomination that was her minivan, skirting around a massive puddle and rushing to go hold the door open for her. Breakfast had been too long ago, his stomach growling. They had opted to skip lunch in favor of the heavy dinner and probably equally as heavy drinking.
Right now it was the day, his hands working by memory to drain oil from the car hanging over his head. The radio crackled rock music out, his leg bouncing idly to the speeding beat. His voice sang along tunelessly, creaking through the lyrics in an ear drum stinging key. He wasn’t one that sang from talent, just for enjoyment. A splash of oil left another smudge across his cheek, joining an earlier mark from the morning hours.
He was trapped inside some kind of wooden box. A coffin? He sucked in another desperate breath before he pressed as hard as possible against the ceiling of his confinement. The wood creaked ominously, more dust swirling freely in the air.  He pounded his palm against the ceiling, loose bits of dirt falling onto his face, making him blink furiously. One more firm push and the wood cracked against his hands, sending a shower of grit to suffocate him.
Had it not been for that glow seeping through the corruption on his soul, he would have guessed he had the wrong one. No. There was no escaping, no mistaking the call to his Grace from the soul, begging him internally for salvation. Castiel purged his doubts with a prayer to God and before they returned, he lunged forward. His hand fastened onto Dean Winchester’s shoulder, wrenching free a hoarse cry from his charge as he shoved his wings downward. Castiel held him tight as they flew free from Hell amid the scream of pain that worked free from the throat of the hunter, whose newborn flesh bubbled under the hand of the Angel.
The hoarse scream bounced dully off the walls of the basement, echoing back in a faint overlap. A wet slick cut off the tail end of the next scream, ending it in a bubbling gurgle turned to a cough. Dean licked his lips and grimaced at the vile hint of iron; blood had sprayed on him from his, ah, delicate ministrations. His tongue clicked against his teeth as he paced back and forth, tapping a knife lightly against his cheek. “I’m not fluent in screams. Are you ready to answer my question yet?”
When Castiel spoke, his reply startled the Hunter into compliance, he obeyed without a thought. “Hand me that bottle.” The Angel tilted his head back, throat working as he chugged down the whiskey. Dean pursed his lips and nodded, impressed at how quickly Cass knocked back the drink. It turned to alarm when he realised Cass wasn’t slowing down, he drank down the entirety of the bottle in under thirty seconds. He coughed and blinked, lowering the now empty bottle.
“I’m going to go dance. After that drink, I’m dragging you in whether you want to or not. Kicking and screaming is just a bonus for me,” Meg warned before she disappeared into the crowd. The song playing was unfamiliar and felt more like the newest pop single than the alt music he was used to. He resigned himself to the night and drank deeply on his drink. And when Meg came to fetch him, the alcohol was warm in his veins and his face was flushed. He was a lightweight but that just means he was a cheap drunk.
Dean filched Sam’s laptop as soon as they got into their apartment, ignoring his very vocal protests. “I’m just borrowing it for a little, shut up Sammy. Go watch a movie or something, like a normal human being!” He ducked around, avoiding his attempt to snatch the computer back and bolted for his room, laughing. “I promise, I won’t visit busty Asian babes this time! I’ve learned my lesson!” His response was Sam swearing at him and threatening death if he found even a single bit of malware.
“Look up.” He offered helpfully to the demon, who still cursed colourfully within his trap, and his calm voice didn’t betray his inner turmoil. He felt the comforting touch of Castiel’s hand on his arm, it gave him the strength to continue on. “We painted the trap earlier. You’re our bitch now. Tell us what we want to know and you may earn your freedom as a reward. Sorry, neither of us feel like losing a soul today.” He bared his teeth in a mock smile, rubbed their victory in like salt in a wound.
Bobby drew him back into the conversation, chairs once again forgotten. “Ain’t got none but a cousin or two a few states over. His funeral is on monday.. They don’t want to waste time on it apparently. Because of John, you boys are invited. I’ll close the shop for the day, so you’re free to do what you want after it.” And just like that, Bobby was hanging up. He wasn’t much for short talk, dropping the news like a bomb and leaving before the smoke could clear.
Her words oozed out brokenly, breast heaving as she gasped in desperate air. Her limbs still convulsed in her bonds, growing weaker as she adjusted to the pain, a crimson tide trailing down her cheek. “We don’t know. It wasn’t a demon attack,” she sobbed. Dean watched her emotionlessly with the syringe still in hand, water dripping slowly from the needle. He cocked his head to the side as he dropped the syringe onto his tray; it clattered noisily and the demon flinched with fear. That was the last sound she ever heard for a split moment later, her head was rolling on the ground. Dean withdrew with a machete in hand.
It took six hours, thirty-two minutes to find what they were looking for. It took four pots of coffee and another bottle of whiskey to stumble across the scroll that held their requests. It took two screaming matches between Dean and Bobby, a thrown bottle, and a smashed coffee mug (although that was genuine accident, it was Dean’s favourite mug). At approximately half past 3 AM, Bobby blew out a surprised noise and suddenly sat up straighter. He ran a hand over his mouth, a thoughtful gesture he had learned from Dean or maybe Dean had learned from him, fingers dragging over his jaw as he worked it absently.
“Like Hell I will. When I’m free, you will wish you were still in Hell. I will torment you for a millennia for this slight. I will hunt down every person who ever even looked at you and torture them for years to come. Blood will run freely like water, I swear it Dean Winchester.” The demon snarled, malice dripping from his voice like a poison and his chest heaved with ire. He had moved as close to the wall of trap as he could, Dean just yawned impertinently at the threat, baring his teeth at the end in an almost feral grin.
~~~~~
It wasn’t Dean’s fault. Cass had beautiful wings, something that Dean would never admit out loud. They were massive, even when tucked so firmly against the Angel’s back, like they were now. When they were indoors, the Angel kept his wings tightly under control, the dark blue-black feathers barely able to move. Yet when they were outside… Dean forced himself back out of his memories, snatching his beer back up. He drained it in a few greedy gulps.
He looked around for a moment, turning carefully with the weight of the man in his arms. The Angel had broken free through the surface of the Earth at the sight of Dean’s grave, where his old body had been lain to rest. Before their arrival there had been nothing more than a skeleton in his coffin, a few rotten scraps clinging to the dirty bones. It was gone now, leaving the coffin empty and ready for the new body to be placed in. Castiel drew his wings in flush against his back once more as he looked down to the peaceful face of the unconscious man. He wrestled internally with the puzzle of the new sensation of their… bond? He sucked in a hard breath before he willed the body into the coffin.
Dean licked his chapped lips, wincing at the taste of more dirt and a hint of blood where his bottom lip was cracked. One thing was certain for him: something had raised him from Hell and whatever monster had that kind of juice was dangerous. He made the decision to find his family, Sammy and Bobby would help him find whomever had freed him. He briskly dusted himself off, grimacing at the dust caked on his skin and clothing. God damn it itched something horrible! With a grumble, he straightened his shoulders and took his first step, determined to figure out where in the Hell he was.
“You’re always a favourite to work over, Dean.” He said in a soft voice, the words ghosting over his captive with an almost loving tone. He never faltered as he carved through the layers of heaving skin and muscle, exposing the delicate white of Dean’s bones with a few twists and jerks. “Your skin parts so beautifully. No fat or loose skin to warp my art. Everything stays so crisp.” He listened as the cursing turned into a growl. Smirked when that growl turned into yelling.
Only a second later, the front door slammed open with a shout, causing his dog to bark and charge at whoever was coming in. “CASSSSIE! It’s me! The light of your life! Coming for her coffee!” The spiel was interrupted with a thump and a curse, “Oh, jesus christ. Down Rain, down!” He peeked over the bar to see Meg carefully knocking Rain back off of her before she made her way to one of the stools at the bartop. “Your dog tried to eat my face-- Ooh, you truly do love me, Cas! Croissants and coffee? If I weren’t off the market, I just might propose right now.” She hooked a plate over and dug into the still warm breakfast sandwich. Meg was always a spark of energy, excitable and interrupting herself.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut hard for a moment then opened them again, glaring with his exhaustion. He dragged himself up to his feet and shuffled over to the closet to get dressed for work. His “uniform” wasn’t anything special, just an oil stained shirt and some jeans that had definitely seen better days; the look was finished with scuffed black boots. He scratched at his chin, fingers dragging against the scruff that was growing there. Definitely time to shave tonight before his shower.
Once they were both back inside the shelter of the cabin, Dean hung his coat up and started a pot of coffee. Soon the rich aroma of the strong blend filled the air, mixing with the heady scent of the wood fire in the other room. When the pot stopped chugging, he poured out two mugs and brought one to Castiel. He had sat down at the table and now stared out the window, blue eyes faded with an unfocused look. The click of the mug against the wood snapped him out of his daze and he breathed a thanks before taking a cautious sip.
Dean Winchester was a wildfire, scorching through life in a whirl of heat and smoke. During the day he worked, a mechanic with oil stains on his hands and ingrained in his clothes. During the night he lived, another guy that winked at everything passing him by, too much alcohol sliding down his throat. He drank liquor like water, relishing the burn down his throat, the singe of it in his veins, and the comfortable blanket it threw over his life.
Meg thanked him as she walked into the restaurant. They were almost immediately seated, the storm having put a damper on what was usually a very busy time for a Saturday night. The decor was elegant but minimal with soft lighting that he appreciated. He, personally, disliked the bright fluorescent lighting most places used.
“Cass,” his voice broke with a soft gasp, unshed tears lurked in his voice, loud enough that even Castiel could hear. “I did horrible things, Cass. I tortured so many souls. At first I hated it but when you rescued me… When you saved me, I loved it. And I hated you for saving me. I have tried so, so hard to forget what I have done. But it all came back so easily, so quickly tonight.” The Angel’s heart throbbed with pity as he listened to Dean. The shattered regret tugged the human emotions free inside him, overwhelming him even beneath the daze of alcohol. He tugged Dean closer with a gentle flex of his wing, drawing him deeper into his embrace.
The morning of the funeral dawned grey and unusually cool for late August. Dean almost shivered, despite the fact he was wearing a cheap suit rental. Sam looked ridiculous in his suit, his floppy hair and gangly body an awkward match for the formal wear. He had a long way to go if he ever wanted to dominate the courts. The threat of rain was damp in the air and the clouds were a depressing collage of monochromatic greys.
His disappointment surged when the pastor shook his head. “No. I just know he is close with Michael Novak, the gentleman who helped arrange the commission. He neglected to mention the name of our esteemed painter, though there was a promise of more opportunities in the future.” As if some switch had flipped, the doors for the inner sanctuary opened wide and were propped open. People started to filter out and immediately they were surrounded by others wanting to talk and reminisce with the pastor. Dean took one hurried second to snap a picture of the painting with his phone, then left to go find Bobby and Sam.
“Damn it Cass,” Dean growled as he stomped into the dingy room he was renting for the night. “Five months of this routine and still you won’t answer when fucking called.” He scraped the underside of his boots against a rug near the door, rubbing off the small film of water that had collected on the underside from the torrential rain that now slammed against the windows. A brisk shake of his head sent a few glittering drops scattering as he stomped his way into the mini kitchen of his room.
With his prize secured, Dean locked his door and plunked down onto his bed. He was wise enough to turn on the incognito mode, pulling up google. He stared at the search engine for a moment, dredging up the courage to type in ‘Novaks’.  To steel his nerves, he leaned over and turned up his radio, letting the music ease his raw nerves. It all felt so surreal, seeing his dreams alive in a painting. It was too similar to be coincidence and that made him extremely uncomfortable.
The drive was horrible. Meg was overconfident in her driving, speeding through the soaked roads without a turn signal and more than a handful of swears at what she felt was drivers being too slow but what he felt was a very reasonable speed. Her windshield wipers were past due for a change, squeaking incessantly against the windshield. It was almost enough to make him pray.
“I will tell you everything you want to know. Just stop.” The demon coughed, blood speckled his meatsuit’s mouth. He slowly forced himself back to standing, body cracking with the movement. “Everything you want,” he reiterated, panting with exertion. Dean smugly put his paper away, tucked it into the pocket of his jeans. He clapped his hands together, rubbing them to warm his too cold fingers.
He stomped back to the tray, bypassing a line of knives and a bloodied whip, seizing a syringe capped with a long needle. He plunked it down next to his second jug of holy water, muttering quiet curses under his breath as he dumped salt in it. A brief shake stirred the water up, the white grains dissolving. “I didn’t learn this from Alastair. But I figure it will work like a charm in making you sing,” he said bitterly as he filled the syringe with the salty holy water. “I’ll give you ten seconds to start talking or you get an injection of the good stuff here.”
“Yeah, no problem, Cass.” Dean pulled himself up until he sat just behind the Angel, reaching around to grab a towel. “You can’t mojo yourself dry and clean anymore?” He asked in a deceptively mild tone, carefully smoothing the towel over the blue black of Castiel’s wings, combing his fingers through the larger feathers. They were incredibly soft to the touch, the feathers closer to his shoulders a bit fluffier than the ones toward the bottom of his wings. He was careful to work around any broken feathers, avoiding the splintered ends.
“Cass, what happened?” Dean winced when he saw how awkwardly bent his wings were, crushed under the previously thrashing body. “D-Dean. I don’t know.” Castiel’s voice was hoarse, barely more than a choked croak in the thick silence of the warehouse. “Something attacked me, I think. I cannot remember what occurred.” Dean frowned at that, leaning back to sit hard on the ground to ponder the sudden commotion. He barely moved when he felt the gentle touch of two fingers to his forehead, the pain of his injuries fading under a brief warm heat.
Dean moved from the table to the couch, switching the TV on. He settled himself comfortably into the cushions, cradling the coffee in his hands. Unwanted memories of his father swirled in his head that he kept stubbornly squashing. He didn’t want to think about his father, or his mother, or their deaths. He put on a loud car show that drowned them out and eventually dozed off on the couch.
It was six in the morning. Snow fell heavily from the pre-dawn grey of the sky, swirling in gusts of biting wind. Enormous snow banks were already formed against the walls of the cabin, some up to the window. A figure was tucked away in the haze of the flurries, barely seen as the flecks clung to him. Another person, still hidden inside the warmth and shelter of the cabin, watched the figure with a pair of concerned green eyes, still foggy from sleep.
It wasn’t much longer until Dean was forced into the wordless scream of true and utter pain, his voice robbed from him as he writhed on the rack. Alastair watched the crimson tide that poured from the carved flesh, pulsing in time with a phantom heartbeat that raced furiously. Then and only then did he set down the knife, drenched with a fresh layer of blood that would seep into the handle with the thousands of other layers of unwashed blood.
Yet it all was shattered when his breath became hitched and rushed, heart hammering noticeably under Castiel’s arm, draped comfortably over his chest. Dean shot upright, a hand accidentally getting pressed hard into a wing, fingers crumpling the feathers for a moment. Then he hopped off the couch as if someone had lit him on fire. Castiel watched with a bewildered expression, wondering where the moment had gone. He absently smoothed the crumpled feathers with a quick few strokes as Dean wildly muttered something then bolted for the bathroom.
“He’s dead, Dean.”
They were surprisingly soft and warm, brushing over his skin in a way that brought goose bumps rising up. There was a brief moment of weightlessness before his feet slammed hard into sudden ground and had it not been for Castiel’s arm wrapped tight around his waist, Dean might have stumbled or fallen. As it was, the Hunter ripped himself free of wings and arms, taking a hard step backwards and away from Cass. Breathing suddenly felt a little more difficult, his lungs clenching hard for a brief moment. Then he forced down the discomfort like so many times before.
He smoothed his hand over the pages of the crumpled packet he had fished out, trying to get some of the worst wrinkles out of the paper. The trip in his backpack and binder had already done a number on it and he sighed noisily out his nose, causing the corner of a page to flutter up before settling back down. The copies were poorly made, the words crooked and the images too grainy to really understand what was going on in them.
“Yes, Cass, that was what I said. I don’t want to risk my ass taking it down. My ass is my only good quality,” Dean offered the Angel a cocky smirk, drowning the internal discomfort with his snappy banter. “I bet you could take him down in less than a minute, feather-boy.” The Hunter swung his feet over the edge of his bed, rising with a stiffness brought on by too many hard falls and the too cold air. He grabbed his coat off the back of a chair, shrugging it on as he headed toward the door. Cass followed him wordlessly, frowning at the sight of the torrential rain that still slammed down outside.
His Angel surprised him when he gently pressed his hand against the gun, encouraging Dean to lower it. His hand was comfortably warm, finger splayed across Dean’s own and the cool metal of the gun. He reluctantly obeyed and murmured in a soft voice, still focused on the stranger. “Do you know him, Cass?” It was an almost too long moment before Cass withdrew his hand, moving to stand beside him again. He felt the slight tickle of feathers through his coat as Cass pressed his wing against Dean.
“Bobby. Bobby! What happened to Sam?” His voice was barely above a whisper, his hands shooting out to grab the seat of the chair. “Where… Where is Sammy?” The old mechanic looked down at Dean with sorrow in his eyes and sighed as his eyes closed briefly. He steeled himself for a moment before he croaked out:
The Impala’s tires make a horrible screeching noise as the rubber burns on the asphalt. “
Cas has this look in his eyes like he’s
“425 Waterman.”
She blinks at him for a second in confusion, before dawning realization lights up in her eyes. “
Castiel tenses for a moment.
Teeth blinked back at him. “I go by Alastair now,” he said. “That’s what they call me,” he opens the gate and invites Castiel inside.
“I know you have always seen yourself as inherently less worthy of life than the others around you, but the persistent
Cas turns him around and kisses him. “Need to see your face,” he says. “Say that again, Dean.”
What the hell was he supposed to do now?
, Cas,
that he’s replayed over and over in his dreams and see the ugly unvarnished truth hidden underneath. Warts and all. Jesus, no wonder he got out of there as fast as he damn well could.
and then tell me that you are going to die.”
“I wouldn’t leave without saying good bye,” Cas replied. He was shuffling through some framed photos in his hands, picking a position for them to stand next to the other pictures. “And anyway I have nothing demanding my attention which would require me to go.”
Dean sucked his finger like there was honey on it.
, she says in a small voice,
“I did not see the relevance of telling you the-”
the car right now, God.” Dean’s heart is making its way up his throat. If he coughs it up into his hands right here and now, then maybe Heaven will finally take some goddamned pity on him. “God,” he repeats. “She doesn’t have to do this!”
“Hey, Sammy?” Dean reached across the table and poured himself some more coffee. “You listening? I got something to tell you.”
“Good night, Mindy,” Dean’s eyes are itching to turn black. Earlier that night, at the bar, Mindy had told her that her green eyes were so lovely. Part of Dean had wanted to blink demon eyes back at her and ask her what she thought about them. Another part of her, (a very small part that Dean liked to stomp on and crush and shove deep deep down) had just been glad someone thought she was beautiful. That someone wanted her.
warning for homophobic slurs, homophobia, misogyny
“I assumed you did,” Cas says. “That made it worse, you know, what you tried to do.”
. God, when Dean comes up for air, Sam is going to kill him.
I won't do it."
I thought I'd lighten up the mood a little here. this is pretty much just what it says in the title. there is some descriptions of sexual content, and dean describes the memory of his first time giving a blow job when he was underage, with a boy who was his age at the time (both 17). he is reliving/remixing this in his dream in the present.
“This is Creation,” the creature says. “This is Everything.”
,” insists Cas, authority rolling out off his tongue with intent. Dean gets a flashback of when Castiel was the new God and damn, that really shouldn’t turn him on. “You give so much of yourself to others, yet you see it as your simple duty. Only a truly good man would behave as you do.”
She lays a hand gently on his shoulder, creasing the fabric of his long black coat. No one has touched him gently in, well, longer than one hundred years. It’s a strange feeling.
sound. “You wanna sit?” he pats the space next to him on the bed and stares up at Cas.
“Like I said,” Dean talks over his exclamations of pain. “Loser, with a capital L, rhymes with
. She stops. “You go first.”
. Her brave boy.”
The demon laughs. “You always find it in yourself to be flippant even in the worst of times. Someone, somewhere, someday might have found that charming,” he grins and his tone drops low. “I don’t find anything charming.”
His lip wobbles. “I love you too,” his voice is soft and tear-stained.
Castiel’s arms were most likely created to personally victimize Dean. Sure, he’d had more than his fair share of way more than PG-13 thoughts about them, God forbid taking his hands into account, but what was almost worse was how much he just craved being held by them. His entire body, his countenance and his presence had occupied such a large role in Dean’s life for almost a decade now that the mere sight of Cas made him long for something he couldn’t find words in himself to properly describe. Castiel was more solid than the earth, he was older than life and time. It was terrifying how much Dean knew he could depend on Cas to always save him. He didn’t know how to say
“Dean, are you-” he wants to ask
Dean reacted instantly. “Fine,” he snapped, before turning on his heel and pouring himself some coffee. In a true show of passive aggression, he didn’t offer to get Cas any.
Dean ended up spending some quality time with the punching bag. He stopped when his hands started to burn and retreated to his room with the door closed. What the hell was he supposed to get up to now? He was glad that America seemed to be so fucking safe right now, but he was crawling out of his skin with frustration without shit to do.
He speaks softly like he might to a terrified animal. “I won’t,” he says, low. “I won’t, Dean. But we can’t just leave him here.”
“Surely you agree information is valuable and I-”
“There’s only one coven I know of in this area,” Cas says. “They’ve been here for centuries, using magic to unnaturally prolong their lifespan. I imagine they would take any threat very seriously, since they so obviously fear death. It would make sense for them to cast a memory spell on a Hunter, to keep their presence here a secret.”
anymore.
All of them belong here.
Oh shit. “Well-” Sam tries to begin, before Cas interrupts him.
“Absolutely,” Castiel is firm and confident. “Is it worth it for you?”
, yeah. Licked the envelope, stamped it with a custom wax seal and paid for international postage.
He stumbled into the library to see Sam already up and working. “You get enough sleep, nerd?” he teased. “Or have you been translating shit all night?”
“I was killed,” His song is flat, cold. “Why have you brought me here?”
again, a lesbian scene rewrite. was going to rewrite the entire episode this way. insane stuff.
Oh God. Well. Conversation cancelled. Dean presses the button on the side of his phone that makes the screen go dark and starts cleaning up the huge mess he made. He’s about ready to go take a long shower to contemplate everything that makes him a fundamentally unlovable person and probably have an unsatisfying self-loathing fueled jerk off session when his phone starts ringing.
being a big feathery baby!-”
“You’re not even a real boy, Dean,” Azazel sneers, snarling mean and close in his face with a hand fisted in the neck of his shirt. “Just the shattered hopes and dreams of a pathetic, useless old man.”
Dean furiously rolls down his window. “Cas, the hell are you doing?” he yells. Castiel keeps walking along the side of the road, eyes fixed firmly forward. “Cas, get in the damn car!”
He watches Dean grab his keys and jacket. “Your brother is headed down a dangerous road Dean and we’re not sure where it leads. So stop it. Or we will.”
“No seriously man,” Dean says. “If you were giving someone directions would you just go-” he clicks his tongue. “‘Well, just take any road, it doesn’t matter what choices you make.’ Because that’s just fucking ridiculous. I say it does, okay? I say it does. I say that people’s choices? People’s lives? Fucking matter,” he sets his jaw and tries to ignore the tears springing to his eyes anew. “So why’d you send me back?” he demands.
“That’s…uh,” Dean says, trying to will the blush off his face. “That’s really hard for me? You’ve…probably noticed.” Cas hums in affirmation. “But. Thank you. I’ll try,” he notices he’s shaking a bit. “I want to try.”
“Okay,” Sam says. “Okay.”
She takes a minute. Dean lets her. His face is wet.
OH also the original title I had planned for this was "I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore"
Castiel loves her son.
So that’s how he ends up on his ass on the floor of the bunker kitchen, clutching old photographs, others spread out across his lap, a bottle discarded next to him, having a panic attack against the counter. Good Lord, it hasn’t been this bad since he first got back from purgatory, and he can’t say he’s missed the way he can hyperventilate so much that it feels like he’s gonna pass out, can’t say he missed the roaring ocean sound in his ears, the overwhelming sickening heat travelling up and down his body, the nausea spitting in his stomach, the uncontrollable sobs that choke out his breathing, or the mind-numbing fear.
Cas is actually smiling. "A lot of your swear words seem to be religion based, I'm not really sure how you expect me to avoid that."
the book quotations were from slaughterhouse five, a book i read once and that dean Allegedly likes a whole lot, which is actually pretty upsetting and sort of meta given, you know, everything about slaughterhouse five and what its about.
, and who looks absolutely divine above him, mouth kissed pink and hair looking even more windswept and like
Dean feels a light warmth spreading through his chest. “Yes. Yeah. See you then.”
“It’s okay,” Dean interrupts. “Please wake me, honestly. Please. Wanna see you, buddy.”
They’re leaned up against the Impala, Dean’s back to the door. He has Dean’s face cradled reverently in his hands, and Dean is crying. Dean has his arms wrapped around Castiel’s shoulders, underneath his arms, as if he’s trying to pull him in as close as possible. He’s rubbing his thumbs distractedly against Castiel’s neck, while Castiel runs his hands all over his face, occasionally wiping away tears that trail down his cheeks. They pull apart and breathe in and she sees, rather than hears, Dean sigh soul-achingly deep. Castiel strokes his thumbs gently underneath Dean’s eyes where tear stains have gathered. Dean laughs, the sound watery, and they press their foreheads together. He turns his face inward, his eyelashes brushing Castiel’s cheek. His arms cling tighter and Castiel rubs the tip of his nose gently against the side of Dean’s.
I’m not your
Castiel chewed on his toast thoughtfully.
When she wakes, she’s looking at an angel.
,” she echoes mockingly. “What the hell are you doing here, man?” she says quickly, flashing her best
Castiel looks down at his hands, lacing his own fingers together in a parody of the way they held hands in the Impala. “Were you just planning on ignoring what you tried to do?” he says, voice quivering again the way it did when he said
“Yes,” he says, plainly, still scowling. He pulls at the air again, reaches out a hand and one brave bird tentatively hops forward to receive the new seed.
His ears are ringing and a bolt of nauseating heat that flashed through him from head to toes when the other shoe finally dropped has settled in his gut to make him feel sick. He couldn’t help but instinctively shift back when she made a move towards him, which makes him feel terrible and guilty and like a bad person (
“Good night Sam,” he replies in an embarrassing cracked whisper.
is every single one of the reasons why Dean is
“I need someone t-to l-love me…” she’s sobbing and choking on the words. “I need someone to-to k-know who I
“You are,” There is almost a cacophony of colours and light. “You are God.”
“Dean,” he struggles to find the words, the English words, to express himself. “Were you sincere, when you said that you believe I belong here? With you?”
Castiel’s eyes go wide and Dean smiles self consciously and shrugs, making to turn towards the window and pull his hands back to his lap. When his fingers start to slip back across the seat, Cas lunges forward and grabs them, lacing them together with his own.
Azazel will love it.
this is actually the most explicit thing I'd written which is maybe why I got all squirrely about writing it and left it unfinished. it's not even that explicit yet!
There’s nothing to say though, he can’t remember anything except that he desperately wants Castiel. His voice trails off in a whisper.
Dean watches himself frown in the rearview mirror. “I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
this is like, a remix of season 4 episode 3 "in the beginning". it diverges from canon to have dean and mary interact more. it was nearly complete but there's a gap at the end of the new scene where something needed to be to bridge the return to canon dialogue and events. i just never finished it.
Technically, it’s silent in the car, but Sam has had to listen to some eardrum bursting classic rock that has been less obtrusive than this ongoing tension. He’s angling his body towards the two of them and he has a perfect view of Castiel looking like he’s trying to burn a hole through the back of Dean’s skull with his mind while Dean looks like he’s about to pull the steering wheel right out of the dash the way he’s twisting his hands around it so forcefully.
She’s almost hyperventilating and he doesn’t know what to do except to keep telling her to
There were ones who tried to reassure
The music is silent now. He knows his journey is over.
, but his voice cuts off in a hitch of breath when Dean reaches over and brushes their hands together for just a second, just gently.
“I-yeah, Cas, of course I meant it,” he touches Castiel’s arm again. Just once. Just lightly. “We’re family.”
“You didn’t have to do this,” he says, turning his face away to gaze intently at the bottle of tequila on the second to last shelf.
“I mean, yeah, I probably am!” he says. “But I’m not lying about this, or deluded. Come on, how would I even think to lie about this?”
hey hows lucifer
of the door being locked before putting her hand in her jacket and stalking over to the parked car across the road.
In the way of dreams, he was watching himself give a blowjob for the first time, but he was also giving it. He was both versions of himself and neither of them, able to see and feel from both outside and in.
Guilt instantly curls in his gut. “Of course you can, I, uh, of course you can,” Dean bangs his hip on the counter as he makes his way out of the kitchen. He bites back his hiss of pain and coughs. “What do you want to talk about?”
this is a coda I wrote for episode 20 of season 12. that episode involved max banes doing something uh, Not Natural, to save the life of his younger sister, alicia banes. naturally this drove me insane.
Dean doesn’t have to mess with him. But she will. Because it’s fun, and because she can. She finds that her whole world has shrunk down to that small, selfish little space of animal motivation. So sue her. She’s dead now, after all. Not like anyone gives a fuck what she does.
I wrote this as a coda for season 13 episode 19 "funeralia", the episode where we find out naomi is alive. (extra huge congrats to her for surviving the series, I'm pretty sure tptb literally forgot she existed)
to be a perfect angel-I wanted to be with
Dean clutches at the hand holding him against the grave, fingers scrabbling uselessly trying to get some leverage. Azazel laughs harder and chokes him. His fingers flex against Azazel’s knuckles, nails leaving desperate furrows in the skin as he struggles.
Cas stands abruptly, pushing Dean off her lap. She lands on her ass on the motel room carpet with a small
Dean just cannot fucking believe the balls on this guy.
The voices hum. “You will find you know the way back.”
“This is what makes you so special!” Azazel sounds triumphant. “This is what makes you so much
Sam followed his finger to the end of the sentence he was in the process of translating and looks up. “Yeah, go ahead, shoot,” he said.
They try to make their way out of the room, but Cas doesn’t seem to be willing to let go of either of Dean’s hands, so they kind of spin out of his bed like they’re dance partners, in a rather risqué modern routine, judging by the way Castiel ends up pressing Dean against the door with his hands above his head and grinding against him.
She is silent. The happy sounds of life carry on around them. Children play in the park, the pigeons coo, the fountain bubbles.
For a moment, he forgets everything. That moment becomes an age. He stretches out the oil slick shiny span of his eight wings to dip into the passing timbres like a paddle dips into water. He drags them through the song and colour. His eyes flicker in every direction, the thousand of them trying to take in visually every element that he can’t yet feel.
He can feel his heart pounding. He realizes just what he just said. Oh God.
“Enough!” Sam raises his voice. Dean and Castiel look almost surprised. “Yeah, I’m still here. You know, I think I’d actually rather go back to Hell than be in this car right now?”
They continue to argue outside, gesturing wildly with their arms and getting in each other’s faces. Sam buries his face in his hands.
Dean, who had been struck still with horror and fear during this inhuman assault, runs forward swinging the sword up high. Almost with an air of boredom, Azazel flicks his hand and Dean goes flying, the sound of air and wind ending with a dull sickening thud as he smacks unceremoniously into his parent’s graves.
Though there was nothing that had felt
Castiel pulls at his shoulders, turns him around and kisses him and kisses him and kisses him.
! Sam threw up his hands and only felt a little satisfied when his brother almost choked on a mouthful of bread and cheese.
He was still calling him
“Janey,” she says, and wants to cry. “My name’s Jane.”
Castiel is Seeing.
They drive in silence.
Dean scoffs loudly, dismissively. “Just
“Oh I know,” he says. “I know. But life did not stop. The Dreaming still exists without me. It’s better if I’m there. But it still goes on without me.”
She knows it’s irrational, knows it’s more complicated, but she wants a list of
“They were after you,” he says. He flings a handful of seed almost petulantly and the pigeons leap away from the spray in alarm. “They only wanted more power.”
Castiel is flying.
Castiel turns. “Dean,” he says, and he smiles.
“Sam!” Cas exclaims. “You can’t be serious.”
“Sorry, I guess it must’ve really seemed like it! But no. We just had a few drinks. He actually said that normally he’d be all over me, but he wasn’t really feeling ‘on form’ lately. It was kinda weird, I wondered if maybe there was another girl? But yeah, he ended up leaving through the back door.” She looks over at his brother and smirks. Sam regards him thoughtfully.
Could Cas hear Dean’s real words in his mind like the world’s most desperate message written on his painfully unsubtle needy neon sign excuse for a human soul? There have been times before where Dean has thought so, that Cas could sweep away the curtain of that fucking
Dean shrugs. “It doesn’t take a genius to figure it out,” he leans into Castiel’s side. “I mean, you’re
from his vocabulary for a while.
She remembers how he got overwhelmed, his green eyes welling up with tears. She didn’t ask him why or tell him he didn’t have to cry, she knew that he just loved his brother, so much. Mary took them to bed and held them both close, softly gentling and petting Dean’s feathery baby hair.
Dean speaks so quietly. “Do you regret it?”
“I’ve been trying to tell you for years, man. Sleep is a damn precious resource,” Dean says. “You gotta get it when you can.”
Dean disappears upstairs to talk to Sam and she goes back outside.
“Who’s ‘me’?” she looks scared too.
she thinks, dreamily.
Sam says that Dean’s out with the car, so Mary goes to find him. She wants to talk, about tonight, about what happened. She wants to know if he’s okay.
He begins to calm down when he’s finished hysterically ripping up a few childhood photographs, the panic and unstoppable feeling of
Half an hour later, he and Cas are sitting outside clutching mugs of black coffee and watching the sky light up with colour. Dean listens to Castiel’s story about the first time he saw the sun rise, his blue eyes lighting up with happiness at the memory.
“How long?” she needs to know how he feels, she needs to know what this is to him.
They swayed on the spot like that for a long time, before pulling apart and pressing their foreheads together in replacement for the contact. Castiel wiped a tear from Dean’s cheek.
look,” she says. “Plus I was just in there,” she points at the dark windows of the house. “Wanted to get all the facts, you know.”
Dean doesn’t back down, staying in Castiel’s face. “I’m not the one who’s made every member of your
we ever met be absolutely psycho, Cas!” he gestures widely and frantically with his arms, making the belt of the Dead Guy robe come a bit loose. He quickly readjusts it and pulls on the ends to tighten it. “God forbid I want you to stay safe.”
He sees Dean. He sees Dean. He sees Dean.
“I’ll take the car, Dean. Also, my wings may not be fully prepared for long distance flight at the moment, but there are other ways I can speed up my journey using my Grace.”
The song starts to change. The song says
“Wait-where are we going?” Dean asks, following him into the motel parking lot.
. Sam would be sitting, trying to read about North American Aboriginal Myth and Cas would just come in and stand in the room.
Castiel’s eyes widen in unseeing shock, the pupils and irises bleeding into one solid mass of constantly changing colour. Azazel grins and brutally tightens his fist in his chest, groping and gripping for something, pushing past the trappings of a human body that Castiel currently imitates. He latches onto something that most certainly is not part of a mortal being, in the place where a person would have a heart. He twists and Castiel gasps, the air coming out of him like he’s been slashed across the throat and is asphyxiating on his own blood. He might as well be. Whatever it is that sustains him has been stopped by Azazel’s punishing grasping hand, which tugs and pulls and wrenches inside him until it emerges, holding a shining crystal.
He likes to skirt around the subject with a few pointedly aimed innuendos, a few vaguely nauseating grins. Sam fills in the blanks most of the time, because the blanks are being flung at his head and he doesn’t want to linger on the subject of his brother getting naked for too long. He’s familiar with Dean’s particular brand of overcompensatory masculinity, but he never really considered the idea that Dean maybe outright lies sometimes.
“It’s all right, Dean,” Cas set a frame down and turned to look at him. “As you said before, I know who my friends are.”
She has the presence of mind to heave his body out of the driver’s seat and onto the floor of the back.
Dean doesn’t speak. Isn’t even sure he could. He just tries to strike, flailing forward as Azazel smoothly steps out of the way. His vision is full of spots of colour and he’s breathing in such a laboured way it would almost sound like laughter if it wasn’t so obviously painful.
“Destiny can’t be changed, Dean,” he answers in his deep, sure voice. “All roads lead to the same destination.”
The worst part though, was after she had carefully helped him arrange his little brother in his arms, (
“Christ, Cas!” Dean finally cracked all the way through his fake pleasant tone. “Why ask us to come with you if you don’t want us to know shit?”
but she doesn’t know how he’ll react, if she’ll make him close off. “There’s nothing to be sorry for.”
Thunder rumbles in the sky above the Dreaming. “Get out,” Castiel says. “You have no right to be here. You know the laws,” his eyes are as black as the demon’s and they bleed wispy blue energy.
He realizes that he’s never known what the fuck that actually means until this. Until
“Hello?” Castiel’s voice sounds sleep rough.
“Thank you Cas,” Sam pulls him into a hug. Castiel’s arms stay at his sides for a moment before he overcomes his surprise and returns the embrace before Sam makes his exit.
, but you’re using her as a vessel-Not that your vessels aren’t you, I mean Jimmy’s not even knocking around in there anymore-”
Okay. Bed time for real.
” he protests weakly. She laughs.
Castiel's expression is completely closed off. "What is there to talk about?"
He sees Dean.
An angel is part of everything that has been, everything that is and everything that will be. An angel dying is a cosmic fucking event, a natural disaster on a macro-universal scale. A piece of the sky is being torn out. A line of creation is being scribbled off the page. When an angel dies, distant planets no human will ever see get knocked out of orbit. Comets fall from the sky. When an angel dies, the whole world feels it, whether they know it or not.
He looks up at Dean, face a mask of exhaustion and cathartic sadness. “You can’t-you can’t
He has to…he has to find out what-
Castiel smiles like he wants to cry. “You know, I’ve been around a long time. So long, that calling it a
Cas is tired of wrapping his legs in Dean’s bedsheets and getting fingerprints on his photo frames. So today, he opens the dresser.
“Whoa, that sounds cool,” Dean says. “Imagine an angel driving my car? That’d be kinda sexy actually.”
” Mindy groans. “Don’t remind me,” she chews her lip. “He’s making everything so fucking impossible. I can’t imagine why he gives a shit, it’s not like he gives a shit about
“Where is he?” Castiel demands rudely.
“I am, yes,” Cas replies stoically.
She thinks about that. “Do you want to go inside?” she asks.
Dean shrugs. “I didn’t come here to make you feel bad for me,” he says. “I don’t need anyone to feel bad for me, s’useless,” he flags down the bartender again. “I just wanted you to know that there’s somebody else who gets it, you know? There’s someone else out there who’s been there.”
) but he knows that if she had crowded into his space and looked at him with those soul-bruised eyes, let alone made physical contact, he would’ve burst into tears like that crybaby four-year-old kid she wishes he still was.
the book said.
“You thought you could get away from me,” It’s a statement, not a question. His eyes flash yellow like every nightmare Dean’s ever had. He picks Dean up by the throat and hurls him across the ground until he lands crumpled in a heap near Castiel’s unconscious form. There’s tear tracks smeared in the dirt on Dean’s face.
Cas just looks at him. "Well, Dean, I guess when you only talk about it once a decade it's bound to come up again."
He pretends to consider it. "Okay I
Dean’s breath catches in his throat.
In all honesty, it would have been an infinitely more pleasant way to spend my time. I miss the bunker already. I wish to return to it as soon as possible.
They lapse into silence for a minute, shifting against each other quietly, absorbing the other shock-this is real now. Dean and Castiel, the will they-won’t they of universe altering and fate shattering proportions.
Mary seems to know that there’s nothing she can say or do in this moment that will make it okay, short of
. "Would that be funny to you."
He cornered one in an alley and grabbed him by the front of his shirt, pulling him deliberately onto his waiting angel blade. The poor thing sputtered, clockwork key toy soldier heartbeat pounding. Wasted his last gasping breaths begging. “I love you. Please. I love you.”
Cas makes a noise of grudging acquiescence. “It
that overly familiar name, as if he had the right. As if they had any claim to each other. That was the only thing that every single one of them had done.
"What," says Cas. "What's funny now."
Castiel's expression contains an absolute zero sum of pity. "Well. I guess you're just gonna have to learn how to."
Hop into the getaway car and floor it. Put the pedal right down to the floor and make the horizon eat your dust. Dean Winchester is in love with you. God help you now.
“No one else is as fun as you,” he says it in his ear like a secret and Dean cringes away from Azazel’s hot, wet breath. “You don’t even know! No one else.”
“Oh. No,” her hands shake.
The one space in Dean’s room Castiel has barely touched is his dresser. It’s irrational, but it seems almost breathlessly intimate, to rummage through his drawers or open them wide to rifle through his shirts. Dean died in a shirt. But then of course, most people die in a shirt, one way or another. What’s more important, probably what is most important, is how he lived in these shirts.
Mindy leaned on the doorframe. “Good night, Dean,” she said, and softly smiled before pulling it closed.
Dean actually smiles a bit, a tiny closed mouth twitch of the lips, but still. “Mo-om,” he draws the word into two whiny syllables, but the tension is still in his voice.
He sees the Earth. He sees Jo and Ellen. He sees Claire. He sees Sam. He sees Mary.
Dean’s
. "You know I can't help it."
"It's just..." he's giggling, actually. That's the only word for the stupid sounds coming out of his mouth. "This is kind of what we bonded over. In the first place. It's come full circle, dude."
“Hannah was murdered,” Cas says. “A while ago now, very shortly after the Darkness was released. I miss them every day. I didn’t kill them, and rationally I know it was not my fault, but I can’t make myself stop thinking about how if it weren’t for me, they would be alive. So many others too, would be alive.”
There was a pause.
“I didn’t come for you,” he says.
“Where’s Sam?” he asks.
“You don’t have anyone, Dean,” a glorious epiphany passes over his face like a sunrise. “You don’t have anyone to hide behind anymore,” he kicks him in the stomach.
She is proud of him, she is, it’s just that-she never wanted this for him. His life wasn’t supposed to happen like this. Sam’s life wasn’t supposed to happen like this. Mary can only guess the way Dean has stretched himself thin over the years they had to live without her. The things they’ve told her, that Castiel has told her, the journals she’s read, have made her realize the extent to which Dean tried to force himself to fill every missing role in Sam’s life. He stretched himself desperately to try and be parent, brother and best friend all at once. Now that he and Sam were both adults she didn’t know if he knew how to stop stretching, that he didn’t need to anymore. She didn’t know if he would ever or could ever fully realize that he shouldn’t have had to. It never should have been his responsibility.
, so ancient and so powerful and somehow his.
but now he wonders how many other times have just been pretension. Sure in this case, there’s some sort of freaky memory loss involved, but if Sam has known his brother, he suspects that even minus dubious witch influence, Dean would’ve wiggled his eyebrows and
“No,” Cas said firmly. “It’s not.”
my ass,” he mutters under his breath and makes for the door. “Dean, we have to go now.”
“Hey Dean, you alive in there?” It wasn’t Cas. “We were gonna go into town to get some lunch, you wanna come with?”
He just laughs, not even wiping it, just letting it slide disgusting and slippery down his cheek. “You know what he was thinking when I killed him? He was thinking about what a fucking pathetic excuse for a miracle you were. A pale imitation of a good soldier.”
She looks at the sky. “So you’re an angel. When were you made?”
(See the end of the chapter for
he reacts faintly. “One hundred years is
Dean just looks at him for a second, watching him raise his hackles. He quirks the corner of his mouth without humour, just sympathy. “Max,” he sighs. “I’d have done the same fucking thing.”
“I’ll go get you some water,” Mary says.
He found him in the room that basically functioned as a pseudo office/den, whatever having a den really meant. It was a more private workspace and reading room, and also the place where Dean had arranged some of the photographs he used to carry around with him during all their years without a permanent home.
There’s a beat of silence. Dean looks terrified now and Jane wants to find out how to convince her everything will be okay. Doesn’t she see everything can be okay now?
Cas ends up finally letting go of his hands in order to reach his hands down to hike up Dean’s thighs around his waist. “Is this okay?” he asks again, and Dean just nods comically fast like a bobble head, gets the breath knocked out of him when Castiel just finishes picking him up like he weighs nothing, wraps his hands around his neck and lets Cas carry him.
Each kill was different in a new and horrifying way. Initially they all begged, asked for mercy. Some of them grabbed onto his coat like they were holding onto the part of him that used to be a creature they could trust. Like they could hold it in and keep it inside him, make him good, keep him from cracking the surface of everything he brushes.
“That’s a more difficult question,” Castiel bunches his hands in the material of his coat. “I think the true, honest answer is always, from the moment I touched him. But that isn’t when I knew. I-for a while I did not know how to understand. Angels govern themselves by forces ulterior to emotion.”
“For telling me, you doofus,” Sam grinned at him. “Duh. Thanks for trusting me. I’m happy for you, man, I’m really happy for you. I’m proud of you.”
“Excuse me?” Dean is staring Castiel down, the intended confrontational effect somewhat mitigated by his messy soft sleep hair and that grey robe he loves so much.
Dean laughs without humour. “Yeah, only because Sam asked! Why don’t you listen to me, huh?”
They both know that if he hadn't snapped out of it, Dean would have let Castiel kill him.
“He said he would bring him
There’s a pause.
Castiel is leaning back against the car, looking up at the sky. He doesn’t acknowledge her approach until she is standing right in front of him. “Hello Mary,” he looks at her and tilts his head. “Is Dean all right?”
They end up settled together on the bed with Dean on his back and Cas between his legs, Dean’s arms around his neck and Castiel’s hands running up and down Dean’s sides underneath his shirt as they kiss slowly, lovingly. Dean gasps when he slips and rubs his thigh between his legs and Cas instantly breaks off the kiss, propping himself up above Dean with his arms bracketing his head. “Is this okay?” he asks, cupping Dean’s chin gently in his hand.
” her gaze is frantic and wild, begging him for understanding. “because I just can’t-I can’t be alone,” she says. “I can’t be alone, Dean I can’t-I can’t-” her shoulders are shaking so hard and she sobs and sobs, burying her head in her hands. “I can’t do it-I’m not brave enough I’m not…. I can’t,” she breaks off and continues to cry, trembling all over.
. He sounds drained.
Castiel viciously yanked the weapon from his chest and Dean didn’t say
, hands scrabbling at Castiel’s back, and Castiel laughs right in his ear. He blushes and moves to cover his mouth with a hand, breathing heavily through his nose, but Cas just gently pulls away his fingers and laces them with his own, reaching behind his back to do the same with his other hand, before pressing them down on either side of his head and leaning in to kiss his mouth again.
“No,” she admits.
"Would you like it if I said 'oh my father' instead of 'oh my god'", Cas says and Dean goes
“Not on your life,” Dean replied, pulling at his hand to try and wrap an arm tighter around him.
“Uh,” Dean laughs, a jarring but genuine sound. “I’m sorry,” he says. “It’s not funny, I mean, it is, but also it’s not really…” he looks down, biting back an incongruous grin. “I didn’t. Went to Hell. Very officially. Dragged down there and everything. Super big deal.”
in the divine plan. Now you and your brother may accompany me or I may go alone!”
Dean keeps staring at him but the weight of his stare doesn’t seem to be able to pull Max towards him so he just studies his profile, takes a gulp of his own drink. “I sent him away,” he says, simple as that.
Castiel gazes at him fondly before putting the car in drive. “Oh Dean,” he says. “You’ll be the death of me, I swear.”
The first thing he thinks is that the clothes still smell like Dean. So he starts pulling them out and bringing items intermittently to his face in a pastiche of kissing. He wonders what Dean is wearing now that he’s dead. He wonders what he smells like.
needs. I’d guess that you’re the kind of guy who doesn’t feel responsible for uh, let’s say
He holds the crystal aloft. “I’m going to kill Dream,” he says, triumphantly, and shatters it in his hand.
Cas sighs, rolling his eyes and sitting down uncomfortably, stiffening even more when Dean shuffles closer to him.
“I am your friend,” Castiel continues, his tone turned quiet and soft, making the phrase sound like an incantation or prayer. Something with power.
A sultry voice purred through the air behind him, “Well, well, well. What do I have here?” Dean turned slowly to find a man standing in the middle of the crossroads, dressed in an expensive black suit and smug expression. The Crossroads demon was stunningly handsome with artfully tousled black hair and drowsy brown eyes, narrowed with triumph. “Is that Dean Winchester? No. It can’t be.”  He circled the Hunter once and his tongue clicked against his teeth with satisfaction, oblivious to Dean’s heated glare.
“Cassie, you need a job.”
. Although Dean was not one to talk, he had caught himself staring at the Angel’s wings more times than he could count.
!” Dean bellowed as he wrestled desperately with a werewolf, she snarled and snapped inches away from his throat. In the corner of his eye, he saw his Angel about to be pounced on by the kid. He should have known the case was too easy, the body trail too clumsy and neatly followed. Castiel successfully ducked under the attack, using a buffet of his wings to stun the pup.
He tumbled into his bed while he dragged his shirt off, throwing it onto the floor without caring. The AC chugged noisily from the hallway and mixed with the soft sound of his radio, playing on the end table next to his bed. He threw the blankets haphazardly over his legs and was asleep in minutes, the low drone of the radio chasing him with a song too quiet to actually draw him in.
We finally have a Castiel! In my version, Cass is more of the bad boy type with tattoos and a drinking habit. He's a wayward artist with only him in mind. Meg makes an appearance as his best friend who desperately wants our boy to get himself someone. :)
“Alright, Bobby, it was the battery. Alt is reading out just fine. I’ll write up the invoice,” he shut the hood of the car as gently as he did earlier. The invoice tickets were sitting on the desk and he had it written out quickly, hoping that their client didn’t argue about the price. A new battery wasn’t cheap but definitely better than a new alternator. Those were a bitch to replace. He left the paper on the desk, moving on to work on the altima.
And when the lights dimmed to a dull glow, signaling the end of his day, he quietly counted the register and cleaned up his station. He put away forgotten items, fixed up the shelves, and swept away the debris speckling the aisles. He said a quiet farewell to his boss and the one other person that worked the front, leaving without a reply because there was never a reply. He hopped into his beat down car and drove away, the engine coughing and rumbling, threatening to break down at a moment’s notice.
Castiel stands next to the foot of the bed, like a marble angel guarding his grave. Guarding his family’s graves.
“Praise, then,” he rejoins.
He wants to make himself believe this is something he can have.
into a pillow and Cas continues. “That you were such a good-”
“Thanks,” Dean felt a lump in his throat and swallowed. “I meant-I know I was acting like an ass, before.”
“Need to know basis-!” Dean slams on the brakes.
“Just take it easy,” she’s holding her hands up like she’s scared she’ll lash out.
, Dean,” Castiel sounds awed, and that’s it. Dean can’t hold back anymore, gasping
so finding this was extra delightful.
She shouldn’t be seeing this, it’s their private moment. Though she’s only known him for a short time, she can’t imagine her son letting anyone else but Castiel see him this vulnerable. Mary feels like she’s trespassing, committing some sort of crime.
,” her lip trembles. “I don’t-I don’t have anything left. I don’t have anything for you to take.”
Max doesn’t respond, but flags down a bartender and asks them what they have on tap. He seems resigned by their limited selection and settles for a generic ale that gets slid down to him, sloshing a bit of foam over the top of the glass and leaving a slick condensation trail across the wood resin of the bar. He grabs a soggy coaster for it and picks it up to take a sip, making a face when his hand comes away wet from the overflow gliding down the side. As he wipes his palm heavily on his thigh and licks the beer off his fingers, Dean follows the joints of his knuckles as they disappear between his lips.
“I don’t know what you-” Max starts. Breaks off. Grinds his teeth. Gives up. “Okay,” he sits down, next to Dean. “Okay.”
Dean can’t believe he’s failed her again. There’s a part of him that whispers,
They end up together under the covers, Castiel holding him, their ankles tangled together.
Being in the same room as Dean and Cas when they’re having one of their little
“Do you remember-do you remember what I said to you, before?” Dean says. “What I told you?”
“What’s-” she quivers in place. She drinks in the sight of the girl, who looks confused and terrified.
Castiel easily laid him out in the dirt after that. It wasn’t out of anger, oh no. After all, who in Heaven cared about the wounded feelings of a screwed up little boy? It was all about efficiency at this point. Taking simple toys apart, yanking out their clockwork motors and watching their wind-up feet stutter, slow then stop and run no more, silencing the sound of their fragile springs and gears.
The Lord of Hell curls his long white hands around the yellowing bone gate of his palace. “Hail the Lord of the Dreaming,” he rasps through the bars, simpering in a nauseating and unsettling fashion. “What have we done to deserve such an honour?”
) when he looked down at Sam and she saw his entire world change. The evidence that he was now an older brother was in his hands. He would be shaped by this for the rest of his life.
She takes stock of herself, stumbling like she’s just learned to walk. She grips the lapels of the dirty trenchcoat she’s wearing and moves her neck, feeling the absence of the weight of long hair that she’d accepted as inalterable reality her entire life.
Dean almost laughs. “Trouble in paradise?” he jokes.
“Go to Hell,” Dean forces out, voice straining under the weight of the power that feels like it’s threatening to collapse his lungs.
He feels himself blushing in embarrassment and schools his features to frown at Cas. “Geez!” he can feel the tips of his ears turning red. “Wear a bell or something!”
He is with the fish.
Dean is huddled on the couch with a beer. He smiles at them when they walk in. “Sam’s gone to bed,” he says. “I should be asleep too, it’s so damn late.”
“It’s not wrong to see this as unfair,” Castiel circles his fingertips on Dean’s shoulder. “It’s not wrong to be upset, even angry. It’s not good for you, or Sam, to keep hiding from yourselves and each other. Ultimately, it will not help you.”
"No."
Castiel arches his eyebrows and smirks at him. “If there’s a more effective way to convey your interest to a man than rebelling against heaven for him, by all means let me know.”
“That isn’t what I expected would happen tonight,” Cas comments dryly, pressing his lips to the back of his neck. Dean snorts, and then they’re both laughing, pressed together from shoulders to toes. It feels so fucking good to have something to laugh about.
“Dean, what are you doing?” he says, holding himself completely still.
man I use a lot of - dashes in my dialogue. supposedly people hate that. I used to like to say my dialogue out loud and move in the ways I said my characters were moving to try and like, recreate all those stutters and stops that happen when you're talking. I remember when I was writing this I was like, wow the whole time these characters are talking they are crying. lol.
“How long have you two been together?” she asks.
“I thought you were going to die tonight,” Castiel’s voice sounded dreamy and far away. “I thought he was going to kill you because of me-for what I feel for you-and I wouldn’t ever get the chance to try. We’d both die without you knowing. I’ve decided that is unacceptable”
“Damn it!” Dean slams his fists on the dashboard.
“I’ve made so many mistakes. I know I’ll make many more. But Hannah was not my mistake. My friendship with them was something good, and the way other angels exploited and twisted that was not my responsibility,” he squeezes Dean’s hand. “I’ve been coming to terms with that.”
“I’m so sorry Dean, I’m so-” she shudders. “I spent my whole life wanting to get away from this-from hunting, from my father...that I-I think I forced our family into place because I needed-I wanted so badly for the world to be safe for my children, I never considered that there are other-there are other things to be scared of.”
Looking to Dean wordlessly for affirmation that this is okay, he gets a nod in return and allows himself to settle comfortably with his legs crossed. “Dean,” it’s half a greeting, half a statement.
could-could be anything else-”
When they get back into the bunker, Mary starts shaking. Sam goes easily to her side, holding his arms open, and she effortlessly pulls him close. He dwarfs her in size but he still tries to tuck himself in underneath her arms, making himself as small as possible.
and a fire erupted into life, raced over the logs and paper with consuming orange and yellow. Dean leaned back on his heels with a satisfied smirk then he eased himself back up with a light groan. “Alright Cass,” his voice was deceptively neutral, “Time to do some research. I’ve got the laptop, you’re going old school.” The Angel warily eyed him as he moved over to a couch, gratefully sinking into the worn cushions closest to the fire. It was blissfully warm.
“Dean-o, how you doing?” Alastair sang merrily as he leaned forward to inspect him with a smirk. “Ready to accept my offer today? It’s only been, hm, almost thirty years?” The former Hunter raised his head slowly, staring at Alastair with a temporarily blank expression. Then hate twisted his features, turning his eyes dark with absolute rage. His swollen mouth worked for a moment before he spat a glob of blood and phlegm at the demon.
The scent of pine lurked ever so slightly in his nose as he coughed weakly again before breathing out, “Help.” The hoarseness of his voice surprised him, he gasped another breath in before choking out another soft and strangled ‘help’. Why was it so hard to breathe? His lungs ached sharply, the air too thin inside the stagnant box. He pressed against the walls, feeling splinters snag at his skin.
The church wasn’t anything special. It looked the same as any old church in Kansas, with stained glass windows and a white cross on the top of the peaked roof. The tiny parking lot was full of cars, Dean was stuck parking in the very back. As it was, their luck went sour as fat raindrops started to fall just as he turned the car off. Sam muttered something about ‘it had better not ruin their suits’ and they both ran to the doors to avoid getting soaked.
“Are you done yet, boy?” Bobby asked in an exasperated tone. “Breakin’ chairs ain’t gonna bring back Pam’s eyes. Throwing your lil’ bitch fit just wastes time and breaks innocent chairs.” The old mechanic was slouched in a sagging couch, a bottle of whiskey in his hand. He hadn’t bothered with a cup today, instead he drank straight from the bottle. “What we need is a spell to find the son of a bitch.” He tilted the bottle toward Dean, silently offering him some of the bracing alcohol.
But Cass did show and he saved Dean’s life, plunging the bronze blade first into the shoulder of Dean then into the heart of the siren, moving with the impossible grace and speed of an Angel. Then he had the audacity to scold Dean about letting his guard down, the body of the siren still warm and bleeding on the floor. It took almost an hour to shut the damn Angel up and even then, it was because Dean had cursed him up, down, and sideways. He had thrown the Hunter such a dirty look before plunging his wings down and disappearing with the soft sound of feathers through the air.
The red wax melted like blood, dripping across his skin, leaving it welted and red with burns. Feathers began to shed, falling away to spin through the air like thoughts, forgotten in the moment. And suddenly it wasn’t daylight that threatened to burn him out of the sky, but the deepest of night. Stars exploded through the dark like a thousand eyes, all there to bear witness to Icarus’ fall.
And now here they were. Dean grappled roughly with the savage werewolf, his arm strained as he tried to get his blade up just enough to finish her off. An almost feral growl scraped his throat as he shoved with all his strength, vaguely wondering if they had caught werewolves on freakin’ steroids. With a wet slick the silver knife slipped into her flesh, skin smoking with the burn of the blade. She screamed with straight agony before she slumped lifelessly in his arms, body shuddering out its last breath. Dean shoved her aside, let the corpse hit the floor with a dull thump. Dread welled in his veins as he turned to check up on Castiel, he half-expected to see that little boy dining on Angel heart.
Sam scrambled back onto the couch, instead opting to throw his gangly legs over Dean and slouching against the arm of the couch, eyes glued back on the TV. He stayed that way until the end of the movie. At that point, almost the entire 12 pack was drank and the popcorn was only a few unpopped kernels in the bottom of Sam’s bowl and what was on the carpet where he had knocked Dean’s down. Dean hauled himself off the couch and staggered over to the TV, pushing the button to shut it off. He blinked blearily in the darkness until Sam switched the lamp back on with a loud yawn.
Dean plucked up the toothbrush and paste, dumping the items in his hands while he spoke rapidly. “You use the toothpaste and brush to clean your teeth. Sorry dude but your breath smells like ass.” The Angel scowled for a short moment before uncapping the tube, squeezing the open end into his mouth. Immediately he gagged on the sharp taste of mint, coughing and spitting into the sink with a curse as his tongue burned coldly. Meanwhile Dean was laughing hysterically, hands clutching the counter.
~_~_~_~_~_~_~_~_~_~_~_~_~_
Bobby stared at Dean for a long moment before he sank down into a chair, running a hand over his face. “Damn, son. That… that is rough.” His voice cracked slightly, “If only Sammy were here.” A sharp note of sadness tainted the man’s voice and Dean turned to stare at him. His green eyes darkened with fear as he rushed over to the table and dropped to his knees, ignoring the flash of pain from hitting the floor.
It was currently 31 degrees Fahrenheit outside. Just barely a degree under freezing, which meant the rain would pound down for an hour or two before turning into heavy, wet snow. The Weatherman predicted it would get as low as 23 degrees overnight and warned people to be cautious of ice in the morning. Despite the chilly night, a lone person stood outside dressed in nothing but a black t-shirt, ripped blue jeans, and sturdy boots of an unknown colour. The wind tugged at their clothes insistently, making the fabric ripple over their body. It was hard to disguise the hard muscles that lay under the thin cloth.
Sam settled back into the chair and traced his fingers down the pages as he read the story and fed a summary to Dean,“Long story short, Icarus and his father, Daedalus, were locked away in the middle of a Labyrinth. The same one that Daedalus created for King Minos. That one Greek guy with the wife that had a minotaur baby instead of a human baby. Daedalus is like a crazy inventor and he makes wings for him and his son so they can escape. It says he used wax and string to make the wings and a harness to put them on. He told his son, Icarus, that he couldn’t fly too close to the sun or it would melt the wax. He also couldn’t fly too close to the sea or the water from the spray would weigh his feathers down.”
“Dean, you can put away your weapon.” The Hunter levered a frown at his companion, eyes flicking toward the new arrival with distrust. It was a stocky looking man, arms bulging with muscle as he crossed them over his thick chest. He had dark skin flecked generously with freckles and had hate filled brown eyes, narrowed toward Dean with an obvious look that said he immediately disliked him.
Castiel flicked his turn signal on and merged onto the highway with minimal trouble, something he appreciated. He hated driving and highways especially made him nervous but it was the only way back home from Michael’s. “The church bought my painting, the angel I’ve been working on for over a month. I’m ten grand richer.” He found himself going ten under, stuck behind a semi. He happily stayed behind it, enjoying the more peaceful flow (or lack thereof) of traffic. People in their usual rushes just went around him and his new semi friend, some angrily merging and roaring past.
Today he drew the profile of a nondescript person, turned away from prying eyes, walking away. He sketched snug fitting jeans and a loose shirt on them, fitting them with a sturdy pair of worn out boots. He worried at his bottom lip as he worked, teeth sinking in lightly, biting down as he focused. When the basic figure was fleshed out, he changed to a thin stick of charcoal, roughing it over the paper with a few strokes. Slowly a pair of wings came to life under his hand, arcing gracefully from the back of the person he’d made.
“So what do you have against the story anyways?” He asks as he takes his own bite, seemingly unbothered by the heat. “It sounds like it’ll be an easy essay. You got a dumbass kid who melts his wings and crazy inventor dad left behind. Essay practically writes itself for you” He quirked an eyebrow as his brother as he talked around his mouthful of food, words garbled behind the huge bite he had taken. His table manners were dismal at best.
Sam swallowed before he spoke, rolling his eyes at how gross his brother could be sometimes. “I dunno. The story seems too simple to be learning about in college. Middle school I could understand. But college? Come on. And besides, it would be impossible to make wings that actually work with just some feathers and wax. Second, how could he even forget about his wings melting? He kind of deserved it, drowning like that. Don’t be stupid when you’re flying with wings that shouldn’t work in the first place. How am I ever going to write five whole pages about this? The story itself isn’t even three pages!”
Castiel shifted uncomfortably, coughing to catch Dean’s attention. When he spoke, he forced his voice to be bland, devoid of emotion. “My wings. I need to cover them; if they get wet too often, they develop an unpleasant odour and itch unbearably.” In the past, his grace kept up with the maintenance of his wings; only having experience the situation twice before, the discomfort distinct in his memory. Feathers weren’t easy to scratch through and the itch was dreadfully persistent.
A quick kick slammed the door shut behind the pair, Dean blinking hard at the sudden bright light of the room. He stood for a long moment while a puddle grew under this feet, Cass barely hanging onto him. The room barely felt warmer than the freezing temperature outside, both of their bodies shivering in the cold of the space. “Cass? Cass. I-I need to w-warm up,” Dean managed to croak out after a too long moment of near silence, their shaky breathing the only sound beyond the vague whir of the appliances.
“Who are you?” The Hunter had a surprisingly deep, gruff voice. Castiel brushed his fingers over the page, eyes scanning the words as he replied with the obvious, “Castiel”. He noted the change from grudgingly curious to frustrated when Dean amended his statement, “Yeah. I figured that much. I mean
The ceiling groaned and popped, randomly settling in the way old buildings did. The entire time they sat in that tub, the water slowly turning skin pink with the heat, Castiel did not move or speak. His only sign of life was the rise and fall of his chest; the occasional slow blink of his still bloodshot blue eyes. He sat still, huddled in the tub next to Dean, water running in rivulets over his skin. When Dean no longer shivered or felt as if ice were sitting thick in his veins, he shut the water off. The drain gurgled loudly in the thick of the silence, pipes groaning as water drained away.
He smoothed his hand lovingly over the hood of his impala as he walked around to his door. He unlocked the car and slid inside, “Good morning, baby.” He should have felt embarrassed to be speaking to his car but it was probably the only true love of his life. The rumble and roar of the engine was comforting as he grabbed a cassette and popped it in, music blaring to life loudly. He only cranked the volume up, the howl of Metallica a good choice as he backed up out of the parking lot.
Oh. Icarus. The name came to him in a rush and the story with it, the tragedy that followed the freedom of flight.
His wings flared out with unease, feathers ruffled with uncertainty and disdain. The atmosphere of the realm made him feel as if a terrible weight were crushing his shoulders, weighing his wings down. The shimmering blue-black feathers drooped quickly with the soul crushing weight of Hell until he dragged them flush against his back, tucked tightly in. He drew in a deep breath, almost choking on the stifling taste of iron that corrupted the air as he forced a note of peace into himself.
The twenty minute mark had Dean drawing lazy designs in the wood of the table he sat on, legs kicking restlessly in the air. He chewed on his words for barely a moment before asking, “You sure you did the ritual right?” Bobby threw him the dirtiest of looks, one that might have scorched his eyebrows off. He flipped the dagger over, hastily amending his earlier statement with a flush and a “sorry”. He clicked his tongue against his teeth, sighed, and then laid the dagger flat on the table. “Touchy, touchy, hm.”
The computer beeped as he pulled up the name in the computer, face a furious shade of red. He was flustered at the smooth rumble of Dean’s voice and he was downright startled at the wink and flirtatious tone, shyly looking down at his hands as he scanned the anti-freeze. Yet Castiel felt his gaze being drawn upwards as he handed the bottle over, eyes slowly traveling up the muscled plane of Dean’s chest, over his strong jawline, pausing at his lips still caught in a smirk. He blinked when Dean chuckled, a warm and amused sound, “Take a picture, it lasts longer.”
When he was done, he double checked all the tires and refilled the rear passenger side, it was a touch low. He cleaned up the mess from his work and by then another car was dropped off to be worked on. He went straight to it and the rest of the day passed without further incident, at least from him. The altima was picked up and Bobby had a shouting match with the owner when he tried to refuse paying the bill. He accused them of being thieves and only paid up when Bobby threatened to impound the car and call the police.
Michael raised an eyebrow at the minor outburst and held his hands up in surrender, “Ok, ok. I’ll leave it be for now, don’t be rude. It’s not a good look on you, little brother. It’s just, you keep breaking mother’s heart with all these rebellious phases.” Castiel looked like he was about to unleash another round off on his brother when Michael shushed him, “The client agreed on $10,000. I think this is the most expensive one yet, brother dearest.” He plopped an underwhelming looking bag on the table next to the boxed up painting.
“I’m calling you to see if you’re free tonight,” he said cheerfully as he started his car up. It was a sleek and comfortable mazda3, spacious with just a little zip. His phone automatically connected with his bluetooth and Meg’s voice filled the speakers, accompanied by the sound of percolating coffee, “Cas, for you darling, I’m always free. But I doubt you’ve suddenly changed gears and find my lovely assets to your liking, so what is the occasion? It had better be good. You know once I’m up, I’m up.”
With the too large clothes of the Hunter on, Castiel looked smaller than he had before. His shoulders were hunched inwards as if a great weight were settled atop them, his head ducked downwards, giving his form a diminutive appearance. His wings weren’t pulled in tight, the usual habit of the Angel when he stayed indoors. Rather they were loosely spread, feathers dripping onto the bed. Dean noticed the towels sitting folded in Cass’ lap, now wrinkled from use. “I require your assistance. I cannot reach far enough.”
The demon clenched his jaw briefly with anger before he visibly forced himself to calm down. He smoothed his shaking hands over his suit and rolled his shoulders. “His grace is still there. Barely. I can feel it, radiating power, but it feels almost like someone threw a blanket over it. Or caged it.” He narrowed his eyes and stared at the Angel, his voice terse and clipped. “Your grace is like... hm, a muscle. When you don’t use it, it goes away. You’ll be human soon.”
A brief look confirmed his fingers were broken, bleeding from the ragged cuts inflicted from the biting teeth. In the space of that two seconds, the seizure ended, leaving the Angel laying far too limply on the ground. Dean scooted forward on his knees, “Cass? Come on buddy. Cass?
Thankfully there was only the cashier and an old lady in the store right now, rather than a large crowd. Dean breathed a mental exhale of relief as he started scanning through what felt like a hundred and one different brands. How in the Hell were there so many different types? He stretched up on his tip toes to look at the top shelf, triumphantly seizing the correct kind when he saw it. He dropped back down and turned to head to the counter, noting the customer was gone.
He shuffled out of the bathroom, returning to his alarmingly quiet Angel who hadn’t moved an inch in the time it took for Dean to prepare the shower. “Cass, wake up, buddy. I don’t know if Angels can get pneumonia. Can your vessel get sick?” There wasn’t a reply, not that Dean was really expecting one. He sighed wearily before working at removing the sopping trench coat that clung to the Angel’s form, making him look so much smaller. It was truly a feat to wiggle it off, working it over his wings. “Damn it Cass. How do you manage this every day? Wait. Huh, I don’t think I’ve ever seen you in different clothes.”
~~~~~
“Great. That didn’t take too long. Leave your balls at home?” Cass made a noise of dissatisfaction at Dean’s taunt, making the Hunter frown briefly. Then he sighed noisily through his nose and cut away his other taunts that were already lined up to be said. “Alright. Alright. We want to know what is wrong with his grace.” He jerked a hand sideways to point toward Castiel, who now studied Dean with his head cocked to the side.
“You bastard,” the Crossroad demon rose from the ground with a furious expression, his too pretty face twisted in murderous rage. He flung his hand outwards, twitching his wrist up in a sharp gesture toward Castiel. When nothing happened, he repeated the gesture impatiently while the Angel desperately scrambled backwards out of the trap. The demon realised his error as he lunged, too late, for the only chance at his escape. He slammed into an invisible wall, hand missing Castiel by barely a centimeter and his eyes burst into a ruddy red, erasing any shred of humanity that had lurked there.
“Are you ready to accept my offer, Dean?”
Outside he could hear the dumpster truck banging the dumpster against the ground, beeping as it backed up and roared away. A guilty look showed the kitchen trash was still almost overflowing but he couldn’t be bothered to get up and take it out. Instead took another healthy gulp and scratched absently at his chest, his skin still sticky from the night sweats, making his shirt rub uncomfortably.
~~~~~
Dean tried searching the son’s name specifically but it only yielded more information about Michael and Deborah. He changed gears and looked up the church, wondering why this church was so special. It was an easy find, plastered on mainstream media. A few years ago, Michael Novak cut the ribbon to commemorate the opening of the new building. Their father, Hugh, had married Deborah at the original church many years ago. There was a short clip where Michael gave a speech about honoring their religion and philanthropy. He was a handsome man with short, neatly styled black hair and a shadow of stubble across his chin, smiling with smug confidence.
“We’re busy today, you idjit. Got two cars for ya already. Cobalt needs a new battery and alternator tested. Probably just the battery is bad but y’never know, the damn things love to cause trouble. Her owner towed her in just half an hour ago and he wants her back by 10. Bastard is lucky I’m in a good mood, or it woulda been tonight. Hell, maybe tomorrow. And then we got an altima with bad coolant hoses..” Bobby groused as he set down his tool box and pointed to the two cars filling up their tiny garage. That poor altima had seen better days, its paint faded to a dusty looking bruise of a blue and the front was dented to hell. The cobalt was in better shape, a sparkling fresh washed silver with only a small dent marking the passenger side door.
“Sorry, Sammy. I was thirsty.” Dean half heartedly bantered, even as he downed the remains of his current cup. He grimaced, it had gone cold while he was playing his game. Sam grumped out something too quiet for him to hear but before he could say anything, his phone started blasting Highway to Hell, his ringtone. He blinked at it stupidly for a moment, wondering who in the hell would be calling him at 7:15 in the friggin’ morning, until Bobby’s name finally registered. He picked up with a yawned ‘hello?’.
Only ten minutes earlier, Dean had woken with a gasp in his bed, heart hammering hard in his chest. His mind roared with a half forgotten dream and a sudden revelation, a solution to their plight. Before it could disappear with his dream, his feet had hit the ground with a thump and he almost ran out of the room. When he turned the corner of the hallway, all he found inside the living room was an empty couch and a blanket on the floor near the door.
An hour later, Castiel was dressed in clean clothes and sat down on the couch with a hot cup of tea settled in his hands. He felt the hot burn of a blush across his cheeks as he quietly explained what had happened to Dean. “The water. It was hot and comfortable one moment, then turned extremely cold the next moment. It, uh… It, it startled me. I panicked.” He hunched forward, waiting for the laughter. Instead, Dean just snorted and plopped down onto the couch next to him, shaking his head.
Perhaps it was the whiskey that led him to slowly ease a wing from where it was trapped behind him. He flexed his feathers, relieving the slight ache from being tucked in so tightly, extending it outwards until… Until he enveloped Dean in the warmth of blue black feathers, brushing gently against the skin of the Hunter. The Angel held stock still, waiting with baited breath for a reaction, afraid of an explosive response. Yet it did not come, rather Dean just sank into the embrace, sucking in a hard and shuddering breath.
Immediately he was flooded with information. How he had never heard of the Novak name before was something of a mystery. He scanned through their Wikipedia page, reading it while AC/DC played in the background. The Novaks were an esteemed oil family who discovered a massive reservoir on their land decades ago. They rapidly became a powerhouse family in the oil industry, rising to the top with unmatched ambition. The current Novak family consisted of a mother, Deborah, with her three sons. The father, Hugh, had passed away a few years before in a bizzare golfing accident.
Cass was a good patient for Dean; he barely moved throughout the process, only hissed in pain once or twice when Dean accidentally dug the needle in a bit too deep. “Alright, dinner is cold by now but you should eat. Lost a bit of blood there,” he commented as he started cleaning up the aftermath of the impromptu surgery. When the bloodied gauze and excess thread and stained wash rag was cleaned up, Dean turned to check on Cass. He was curled up on the couch, hidden in a mass of blue black, snoring not so quietly. Dean rolled his eyes heavenward at the sight, sparing only a moment to throw a blanket over Cass’ exposed legs. Then he packed away their dinner into the fridge and left for the bedroom, feeling too exhausted himself to care. In fact, he was so exhausted, he ended up falling asleep with his shoes still on.
Sam distracted him from his thoughts by banging loudly on his door, shouting through with irritation. “Dean, give me back my laptop! I have that essay to finish editing and I haven’t done my citations yet.” Dean scooped up the computer and unlocked his door, handing it over without argument. Sam glowered at him with suspicion, “I better not find any viruses. I still remember my old one you killed with your horrible habits.”
Dean huffed a tired sigh out and rubbed his eyes hard, trying to force himself to wake up more. His head felt like it was stuffed with cotton and that haunting laugh from his dream seemed to be following him, loud and needy in his mind. When he closed his eyes to rub them, those eyes bluer than the sky were there, set in the face of a man consumed with fierce joy and freedom, even as he fell to his death. God, why was the dream dogging his every step so determinedly? It was just a dream and not even one of the weirder one’s he had. There’d been that one about the asian with the--.
The hallway carpet stuck to his feet as he padded to his room, making him crinkle his nose in disgust. He hated the texture and the first thing he pulled on were a pair of thick black socks, one of which had a hole in the heel that sort of defeated the purpose of it all. He hummed to himself as he rifled through his collection of old band t-shirts and cheap walmart shirts, hunting for something comfortable to wear.
Dean lurched over toward the convulsing Angel, hands clamping down on the twitching shoulders. “Cass? Cass, what’s happening? Damn it. Cass!” Dean shouted, pressing down hard on the shuddering and spasming body. Was the Angel having a seizure? He scrabbled at the clasp of his belt, jerking it free from the loops. A wayward wing snapped him in the face, blinding him briefly as he fell away from the seizing Angel. Spit foamed from Castiel’s mouth, dragging slow trails from his lips to spatter on the ground. His eyes bulged as his body arched upwards from the ground, slamming back down to twitch from side to side, repeating in a sick pattern.
Neither of them had expected it to be the whole damn family. They used their child as bait, a small boy that couldn’t be older than six but was more blood thirsty than either of his parents. They had burst the door down to find the boy chowing down on his own father’s heart, absolutely drenched in blood. Behind them his mother arrived, her shocked voice breaking the silence with a heart broken, “Cameron, no!” Then it dissolved into a snarl when she caught the sight of the silver blade clasped in Dean’s hand.
“How do you think we’re going to summon it, Bobby? It burned her eyes clean out of her skull. And all she did was look at it! Do you have a spell for something with that much juice?” His voice was slightly hoarse and he coughed out the croak before swigging another shots worth from the bottle. “What the Hell kind of monster can burn out eyes? It’s fucked up.” He clicked his tongue against his teeth with regret before licking away a lingering drop of whiskey from his lips.
Meg pulled herself free of the couch cushions, stretching out pops and cracks from her joints. “Nope, sorry, Castiel. We’re going out. Your dog will be fine. Your dick on the other hand? It needs some company. Let’s go get you dressed, buttercup.” She tsked at him before climbing the stairs to his loft bedroom, already familiar enough with his home to barge happily into the walk in closet.
When he opened his eyes, he found himself lying in the middle of a field with a thousand wildflowers swaying in the breeze. He stared up at a brilliant sky full of fat, fluffy clouds gilded in gold and crimson. Was it a sunrise or a sunset? He couldn’t figure out where the sun was coming from, the colours were everywhere. Whichever it was, it was beautiful and he laid there for too long, enjoying the peace of watching the shapes and whispers of clouds float by.
The two shared a quick look, blue meeting green for a bare second before they moved onwards to the joining door. Dean moved with stealth born of years of practice, Castiel moved with the innate grace of an Angel, making no noise. A nod from the Angel had Dean leaning back with practiced ease, swinging his boot upwards to slam into the door. It cracked open with a bang, leading them into the adjacent warehouse. Dean cupped a hand next to his mouth and roared, “Alright come out and play you filthy fucking blood sucker.”
Dean could feel himself pale as he looked at the cobalt, now minus all its coolant hoses, then looked at the altima. He was so tired and stuck in his own head, he’d completely gotten the two jobs mixed up. He groaned and almost put his face in his hands, remembering at the last second they were covered in coolant. Instead he just winced and refused to look back up at Bobby. He could almost feel the heat of how pissed off Bobby was.
He jerked his shirt back down then hissed as pain lanced through his shoulder. With a puzzled scowl, he rolled the sleeve upwards. The sight of a hand print emblazoned in his skin startled him. He stared at it for a long moment, running a finger over the blistered skin before he smoothed the sleeve back down and cursed loudly. The Hunter whirled around and began to gather supplies. He stuffed protein bars into a plastic sack, dropped a few bottles in beside them, and even snagged a skinmag. He munched absently at the chocolate bar hanging in his mouth.
“Castiel!” His voice was immediately whisked away by a greedy gust of wind, the name falling into nothing. He forced his feet to move through the heaviness of the thick, wet snow toward the Angel. “Cass,” he shouted when he was in a closer proximity. The nickname seemed to reach Castiel, for he turned slightly toward the sound. An expression of surprise flickered across his face before falling away into a frown.
“Something has bound me, I cannot access but a small fraction of my grace. It is similar to a wall with a crack, allowing the tiniest portion free for my use. I am unable to use enough for the purposes you speak of. It took everything I had to heal you earlier, in the warehouse.” Castiel held mostly still under Dean’s ministrations, occasionally flinching or shuddering at a stray touch. The Hunter just worked as quickly as he could without doing damage until the wings looked almost normal, if a bit roughed up in places. “I feel tired, Dean. My eyes feel weighted,” the Angel mumbled.
When Dean finally began to scream, he went on as if he didn’t hear. His voice never rose over a whisper, his hand never grew unsteady over the increasingly twitchy body he worked over. In fact, his smile only continued to grow as he caught the gasped out insults that flavoured the screams. The vile insults that made his skin shiver delightfully as he worked the knife deeper and deeper. The Hunter suggested what Alastair could do with that knife, most involving sodomizing himself with the blade or handle. A few colourful insults explored his heritage. The ones he liked the most were when Dean fantasized about what he would do to the demon if he ever escaped.
The food was delicious. He had a simple alfredo dish while Meg got something with salmon. And of course, the crostinis were amazing and were gone in a flash. It was a guarantee they would come back, probably too often. Meg was a terror on the poor waiter, flirting outrageously with him despite the wedding band on his finger. It didn’t take long for him to start avoiding their table and he hurriedly dropped off their check without recommending a dessert.
Within moments the Angel stood within a forest, standing before a sloppily made grave, long since overgrown with weeds. His wings were spread wide for balance and in his arms he cradled the newly made body of Dean Winchester, a body remade so that the man might walk once more on Earth. He held that body tightly, secure against his chest as Cass pondered a strange and new sensation. He was perplexed, confused at what pulsed softly under his skin. A dull throb, similar to a second heart beat that had begun when they left Perdition.
“Steve’s dead,” Bobby didn’t waste any time on courtesies, his voice flat and toneless. “Steve Wandell. Y’know, your old man’s friend. They found him dead in his office last week.” Dean switched his cell over to the speaker phone, Bobby’s voice turning grainy as it crackled through his speakers. At the sound of their adoptive father’s voice, Sam wandered over to listen, his coffee forgotten. He wrinkled his face into a confused expression at Dean, the name familiar but not immediately placed. Dean waved him off, gesturing to his phone as Bobby went on.
The screams of the damned echoed indefinitely, overlapping into a cacophony of pain with the delicious undertones of insane laughter and sincere pleading. The sound was music to the ears of Alastair as he made his rounds. Some pleaded with those that bore the whips, crying out with pure desperation, claiming there had been a mistake. They did not belong here! Others screamed for forgiveness, their wrecked voices begging too late for they were already trapped with leather cuffs to the racks. Their skin already peeling, bleeding, shriveling under the unending torture.
He pulled a sheet of paper out of his pocket and unfolded it with a flick. “You’re our bitch, demon. Either give us the information or get exorcised. I doubt your boss will be pleased that you got caught by a Winchester.” He dropped his gaze to study the lines of Latin neatly etched across the page, written by Castiel earlier. Speaking of, he spared a moment to look at his Angel. He still stood next to Dean, though now his hand had dropped and his wings were crooked outwards in a threatening display. The fall of a feather dampened the effect though, it drifted toward the ground to land among the frosty grass.
“Dean. I am the one who yanked your soul free from the chains of Hell. We share a profound bond. Only special humans can see the wings of an Angel.” He took the factual route, words dripping free with an almost scornful tone. He neglected to mention his half of the bond, the soft thumping of a second heartbeat that pulsed in his chest, hammering in sync with the Hunter’s racing heart. “I was sent by God to rescue you.”
After that little fiasco, the rest of the day was quiet and it was five o’clock before he knew it. He stretched noisily and cleaned up quickly, mopping the painted concrete floor and making sure to put all the tools away so Ellen didn’t kill him. Then he was shouting goodbye as he loaded up into the impala and headed home. He knew Sam would already be home and probably be balls deep in his school work. His stomach grumbled noisily, reminding him his fast food lunch had been hours ago.
It had been left ajar and he felt a wonderful heat easing out, urging him inside. Cold and warmth were new sensations to him, although he felt he was a bit too acquainted with cold. He hated the way it numbed his skin and made his body shake; no, he definitely enjoyed warmth a lot more. His borrowed boots tracked snow on the scarred wood floor as he walked inside, hand shutting the door behind him. It was pleasantly cozy inside the cabin, cleaner than he had expected with comfortably worn furniture. Dean was busy lighting a fire inside the hearth, Cass heard his voice as he muttered curses.
Bobby gave him the stink eye and asked where he’d been, to which Dean shrugged and mumbled something noncommittal. The name Novak was floating around his head, insistently trampling other thoughts. Was it an obsession? Maybe. But it wasn’t one that was hurting anyone. He made his goodbyes and almost dragged Sam out the door, citing he just wanted to get home before the rain got worse. He drove like a bat out of hell, gunning his engine impatiently at every stop. Sam, wisely, said nothing but kept a firm grip on the aptly named ‘oh shit handle’.
Dean hung haphazardly from the frame of the old water tower as he shook a can of spray paint vigorously. “Almost done, Cass,” he called down as he finished spraying on the last line of his devil’s trap. He spared a moment to admire his handiwork before he dropped the can to free his hands for the climb down. Frozen grass crunched under his feet as he landed back on the ground, having jumped the last bit.
“God damn it, Cass,
After the third or fourth person, Dean’s discomfort grew too strong. Sitting there, listening to those lamenting over the dead, was too much for him. He whispered over to Sam something about the bathroom then sneaked out as quietly as he could with murmured apologies as he edged out of the pews. Couldn’t they have made this with more leg room in mind? Thankfully the inner sanctuary was closed off from the rest of the church and he was alone as he emerged into the lobby area.
~~~~~
OH BOY. I got inspiration thanks to my sister. I have fleshed out the next, like, six chapters, oh buddy. So buckle up. Shit is about to go DOWN.
Bobby exhaled sharply as if he wanted to say something, then he shook his head slightly and moved over to the second table. The table was already prepared for the spell, the required supplies mixed accordingly. All Bobby had to do was pick up a bowl and sprinkle a pinch of the contents into a silver dish, which expelled a lazy stream of smoke in response. He murmured the required words to the spell, voice firm.
Castiel straightened immediately, pushing away the catalog as a new blush stained his cheeks. He always felt awkward when he talked to good looking people. He stammered out a brief greeting before he was interrupted. “Hey there, uh, Castiel? Castiel. Can you ring this up under my name, I need it for a car out back. Some crazy ol’ lady swore she’d rip me a new one if I didn’t use this brand.” Almost as an afterthought, he added with a wink, “My name is Dean. Dean Winchester.”
Bobby came around the corner a second later with a toolkit in one hand and his own doughnut in another, sprinkles stuck in his short beard. “You’re late,” is all he said as he went out the front door. Dean scowled, pulling his phone out to check the time. It was only 7:55AM and he started at 8:00AM! By all means, he was early! But not early enough for Bobby, who was a stickler at schedules and keeping to them. He grumpily tore a bite out of his second doughnut as he followed Bobby to the garage, careful to not let a single crumb fall on Ellen’s spotless floor.
There was one damned soul that Alastair took a particular liking to. He made his rounds each and every day, sauntering through the half dried blood that soaked the floor. He made the same offer countless times, the offer to be released from their chains and rack. It was a simple offer, all they had to do to earn their freedom was help him torture the endless souls sent to Hell. Take up the tools of pain and use them to inflict delicious pain. Yet there was one soul in particular whose response to his offer was always a source of amusement.
The Hunter dragged a hand over his face, shaking his head ever so slightly. The next few days would be a trial for sure, the task of teaching someone so smart such basic events would be maddeningly frustrating. Bobby had already opted out of helping, his comment swimming in Dean’s head, “he’s like a baby in a trench coat!” Instead the mechanic was searching through his hoard of books, hunting for a particular spell. The two had decided the attack was most likely demonic in origin and their best bet was to kidnap and interrogate a demon. Luckily for them, Bobby had a particular grudge to settle.
“Knock, knock, knockin’ on heaven’s doooor.” Dean’s voice echoed through the bathroom as he loudly sang along with the song, scrubbing away the grime of the day. At first the water swirled a dingy grey down the drain, stained with the oil and grease of the garage but it quickly cleared up. He carelessly tossed the rag aside and grabbed the cheap shampoo off the lip of the tub, squirting a generous amount into his hands.
“The usual. All in $100 bills, wrapped in ten bundles of a thousand. Try to not spend it all at once, ok?” The payment shut Castiel up as he grumpily scooped the bag up with a muttered ‘thanks’. “Mother has a party next month, you’d better make sure you’re there. On time. In a suit. She’s signing over CEO to me.” Michael dropped the news with nonchalance but failed to hide the glimmer of smugness.
And it was not the wasted time that weighed the heaviest on his shoulders. It was the consequence of their find. He saw the turmoil in Dean’s eyes, the barely suppressed memories. The Hunter had dug up the darkest of his secrets to extract the worthless information for him, had delved into the training he received in Hell. He saw the devastation in each swallow of the alcohol rolling down Dean’s throat, each gasp when it pooled in his stomach. It was why Castiel drank with him.
” He grasped him by the tan fabric of his trench coat and shook vigorously until he was staring into bloodshot blue eyes once more. A hand clamped down on the Hunter’s arm, trembling as the body near him heaved with gasping breaths.
It was perhaps a bit early to be visiting him but Alastair did not mind deviating from his normal routine to visit a favourite. One moment he was strolling through puddles of blood down a hallway of screams, the next moment he was standing in front of the heaving chest of a man. He hung limply in his leather cuffs, gasping for air through the bubble of blood that dripped freely from his mouth, trailing a red stripe down his throat, down his chest to pool in the cuts littering his abdomen.
It only took him a few hours to make it to Bobby’s house, the ramshackle building standing proudly among the heat shimmers of the late afternoon sun. He wearily stomped up to the door, bringing his fist down in a firm knock against the wood. He had to admit, it was bloody annoying what happened next. The sight of Bobby eased his heart for only a split second before the man swung at him with a knife. He tiredly deflected the attack, shouting at him that it was really him. It was really Dean! He worked through the other tests with equal irritation, his temper flaring when Bobby flung holy water into his face.
A moment later there was a soft
Meg squealed excitedly through his car’s speakers as he took his exit, returning to the sedate and peaceful speed limit of town. He was thankful it wasn’t ever higher than 35 miles per hour here, a comfortable speed that he appreciated dearly. “I’ll be at your apartment in twenty, Cassie! You’d better get me another coffee. I want it large, four shots of the good stuff, and make it caramel or I’ll rebel.” She shot off her coffee order and hung up without waiting for his response, the radio taking over with Sirius XM’s alt nation. Meg was the only person who could call him ‘Cassie’ and not make him wince.
Castiel disappeared with the sound of an enormous boom, the noise deafening. In a simultaneous crack, all the trees surrounding the grave fell downward, flattened to the ground. Their roots trembled in the wake of the destruction, dirt showering the ground with a hiss not unlike rain. Six feet below the crooked cross, the only thing left stand, a new body sucked in a breath and coughed hoarsely. The shoulder of Dean Winchester burned, aching horribly with no memory placing what the wound was or where it had come from.
To stop him from working, he caught his brother in a headlock from the back and roughly tousled his hair, much to Sam’s irritation as he shouted at Dean. “C’mon man, take a break for once in your life. Do you want to watch a movie? You’re gonna kill yourself over homework one of these days!” he dodged the smack Sam aimed at him and churlishly stuck his tongue out at him as he backed up, hands raised in surrender. “I wanted to watch Lord of the Rings again, you game? I even bought some popcorn.”
In front of the Hunter was a bloodied wreck of a body, black eyes staring with uncontained rage. It was a pretty vessel, or had been before Dean began working it over. A curvy woman dressed in a glittering black dress with flaming bright hair, curling artfully in a cascade down her back. Her once pretty face was twisted with inhumane hatred, snarling her reply through clenched teeth stained in blood. “You can take that knife and shove it up your ass, Winchester.”
The drive to town was quiet. His embarrassment had his face feeling hot and his concentration was shot to hell, the thought of putting music on forgotten. He was pissed at himself, his mind circulating with internal insults, beyond frustrated. The cost for the hoses wouldn’t be too much but he didn’t really have that much spare to afford the cost of his stupid mistake. He smacked his hands hard against the steering wheel with a growl.
“My name is Uriel. And yes mud-monkey, your Angel there, he knows me. I was once part of Castiel’s garrison.” The man brushed his hand over his clothes while he spoke, a well-fitting suit made of black cloth with a pale blue button-up shirt. Uriel had a heavy voice, thick with an accent Dean couldn’t place. “You two imbeciles should thank me for my timely arrival. I may have just saved you from certain death.” He smiled thinly, a poisonous look filled with loathing. “Your demon there had back up heading this way. If I hadn’t killed him, you would both be dead.”
The Impala sped through the streets, usually five miles over the limit as he strove to arrive on time. He slipped on a pair of sunglasses to shield his eyes against the too bright glare of the sun, shining in the pale grey of the sky. That’s right, pale grey. His soul mate had blue eyes, leaving everything blue in various shades of grey. Dean never understood why people fawned over the sky, he couldn’t imagine blue being a pretty colour, not when all he saw was the depressing light grey. He supposed it could be worse, not too many things were blue.
Once the radiator hoses were connected and the coolant refilled, he hunted down their multimeter. He shut the bonnet of the car with extra care, not daring to let it shut with bang in case Bobby was still feeling touchy. He moved around to the back and popped open the trunk, pushing up the false bottom to expose the battery. Why they put the battery in the trunk, he never knew. It was a weird spot and backing up for a jump was a nightmare. He hooked the multimeter up, making sure to connect the red to the positive and the black to the negative.
He hurriedly popped up two bags of popcorn, dumping them into large bowls. He also grabbed the 12 pack of beer out of the fridge, balancing it on his thumb with a bowl in each hand. One of the bags had burned a little, so he made sure to drop that bowl onto Sam’s lap as he dropped down onto the couch next to him with a noisy groan. “God, Sam, we need a new couch. I swear this one is going to break my back one day.” The cushions sagged pathetically under their combined weight.
“Rain check? Meg, there is no need to check for rain.” He gestured to the window where thick drops had begun to fall, spitting loudly against the glass panes. “And Rain is inside, too.” He reached down to pet her gently since she now was tangled in his legs, whimpering at him. “She does not like the rain, the irony of which does not escape me.” He smoothed his hand over her ears, trying to soothe her.
He restlessly prowled through the lobby, pacing around with his unease. He went to look at anything and everything in the area, pausing to study paintings and church pictures with smiling faces and formal wear. He peered uncertainly at the windows, where the rain was still coming down, now harder. It had been a very wet summer, leaving the days muggy with humid heat that sucked all the energy out of summer days. He turned away from the window after a moment and went down one of the hallways that wrapped around the inner part.
They looked upwards then toward the sides, a crash of thunder booming into life over their heads. Dean scoffed, “Wishful thinking, but maybe it’s just the wind?” Bobby snorted softly at the comment and seconds later, the light above their head exploded into a rain of glass fragments that had the two ducking.  The doors of the shed, despite being barred with a wooden beam, groaned the burst open. A shadow preceded the creature they had summoned, shortly being followed by a strolling… man?
The liquor aided him with the press of guilt. It blanketed all his emotions with a warm blur, smothering them into a tolerable level. It gave him the strength to speak even though it slurred his words, “You did everything you could. For that, I cannot thank you enough, Dean.” He shifted forward a fraction, shuffling his wings tighter against his back to ease the discomfort of sitting against the couch. He blinked dozily, a slight noise bothering his ears when his words faded into silence.
"It's not," Dean insists, and here he goes making a fucking Incident out of things as per usual. "I know it wasn't your fault. I've never blamed you, I-" he
Dean choked on his coffee. “Uh, I don’t know? I haven’t really thought much about it, uh, I-maybe I guess?”
Maybe he’s just giving Cas a taste of his own medicine, for all those times he’s left prayers unanswered. Dean was always the one calling and now that he’s dead, he’s the one who won’t answer.
,” the last word is a wail. “Forever-he said that I’d-” her breath comes out short quick and panicked and she presses her face to his shirt and wails into it. Screams into it. “D-desperate and
Dean grins. “Love it when you get all bloodthirsty,” he teases, weakly pushing at his shoulder.
Dean’s ears are ringing again, for a different reason.
He starts hysterically beating back at him, elbows him viciously, kicks and flails with everything he has. Azazel just calmly tightens his grip, watching as he gets more desperate, flailing faster like a fish that’s flopping on the deck, trying to get back to safety in its last moments. A fish is no match for anyone. A fish is always gutted quickly.
“How much time do we have, Cas?” Sam asks, trying to move past the finger sucking elephant in the room.
,” Dean spits out. “Every damn angel he’s been
“Are you sure you don’t remember anything, Dean?” Cas is leaning out of the car window.
“Where’s Sam?” Dean repeats flatly.
i'm gaydean on tumblr as per Usual. i'm very tired now. man, the tonal shift between this and my last one huh?
and clutching at his hands. Cas is holding him through it, whispering stuff in his ear, some of which Dean recognizes at least, as being in human languages, and others completely alien and ancient sounding, words he probably learned on other planes of reality, millennia before the first fish crawled out of the ocean.
He’s breathing heavily, she can hear how fast his heart is pounding. “Yeah?” he retorts harshly. “Well, you’re a worthless demon dyke! And you work for me now. So get in there and do your job, you freak!”
Sam wonders how many times Dean has actually slept with the women he’s bragged about sleeping with. He’s never thought to question or examine his brother’s sexual history because you know,
Castiel, thankfully, just looked amused by another heroic attempt by Dean Winchester to swallow his own tongue. “She was Jimmy’s great-grandmother.”
His voice is watery, small like a child. “I know,” he almost whispers. “But I-” tears spill over his eyelashes and his mouth trembles. “I can’t,” he digs at his hands, the cuts and scratches he’s got from pulling at the tree. “I just. Not yet. Not yet.”
Cas just looks at him, the way he did when there was something Dean just wasn't getting. His eyes were so tired these days, and if he was human Dean would've been telling him to get some sleep. Sometimes he almost did, anyway. He would look at Cas and open his mouth to go
“I told you who I-” he begins.
He could tell himself that it’s worth the risk. That he won’t ruin things and lose Cas. He could try to convince himself he’s ready to be with a man-well, a male-aligned person at least-in the light of day, rather than just in clandestine and anonymous temporary encounters, which make him happy in the moment but in the long run leave him feeling cheaper and more alone than anything. He could tell himself that he deserves to love and be loved, that he isn’t rotten, that he doesn’t have to drag himself through life self-flagellating and trying to redeem himself for his sins, for not being the man his father wanted him to be. He could tell himself that his perception of his own sexuality wasn’t shaped by his necessary past forays into prostitution, that he still places higher value on other’s pleasure than his own, not just physical pleasure but the full presence in a relationship. He could choose to reject the idea that he must always place himself last. He could tell himself all this, and he could tell himself Castiel loves him. He could say that Cas is hurting too, wants him back, wants this. He could say that the reward is worth the risk.
She’s not really sure the Bible talks about any angels who look like women with short windswept hair and battered leather jackets. Maybe they should.
“So Casti-” she goes to say, just as Dean starts to speak again
When they break apart, he wipes at his eyes with the heel of his hand and laughs self-consciously.
When Mary looks back at him, her face is a mask of anguish. Her expression is so difficult to look at he has to force himself not to gaze down at the dirt so he doesn’t have to see her haunted eyes staring back at him. He can be a witness to her pain. Maybe he fucked all the rest of it up but at the very least, Dean can do this for her. He can see her, when no one else does.
melting away into sadness and shame. He clutches the damaged pictures and weeps like a child, lets a whine slip out of his throat and build until his shoulders are shaking with it.
“You never stopped,” They’re shining so brightly. “You did not fail, Castiel.”
“No, and Yes,” the Creator says. “Hello Castiel. It is the dawn of the Third Day.”
He tries to stand but feels the overwhelming pressure and all-encompassing presence of the power of Hell that Azazel wields pressing him back down. He felt that for millennia, in his own personal prison. Why did he never try to fight it before? Why can’t he fight it now?
Dean just turns in his seat and stares at Cas, before calmly opening the driver’s door and stepping out of the car. For some reason, this is an understandable signal to Castiel, who opens his door just as mildly and gets out to meet Dean on the road.
Castiel let him pull gently out of his arms. The second Dean was free he felt cold.
but I don’t gotta guess. Because I know. She told me that too.” He stutters
I know we can’t just be friends, you know, when I have my memories.”
Sam says his name again, whispery and cracked with emotion, and then clears his throat softly. “Do you want me to call up Jody and ask if it’s cool if mom crashes with them? I don’t know if she’ll want to, but at least Jody’ll have a heads up that she could get a visitor, and mom can meet other Hunters?”
“Are you going to tell Cas?” Sam’s tone was conversational but he was staring at Dean with an inadvertent wide-eyed intensity normally only practiced by the aforementioned angel.
“No-that’s not-” Cas chokes on the lump in his throat. “You don’t know what you’re doing. You aren’t
"'Nothing to do with'..." he repeats under his breath. His next words are an outburst. "I was
anyway,” he says, bitterness tinging his voice. “Oh they would have tried, but as soon as they saw the devastation caused by chaining up Death, they would be too afraid to do anything but release You and beg for Your mercy.”
He forces himself to move out of the circle of Castiel’s arms enough to look him in the face. “I just…uh,” this is so embarrassing. “Did you like it…I mean, did you enjoy. Uh. What we did…before,” he finishes lamely.
Dean instantly goes into Hunter mode. “Hey Cas, what’s up? Do you need something?”
She wants to kill them.
“You don’t understand,” Cas says, gazing out the windshield into the dark night. “She always does. It always ends this way.”
She’s right. She has nothing left.
He frowns, far away in thought. “I’ve never loved anyone the same,” the lines beneath his eyes look like valleys that are gateways to deep icy oceans. “I’m not sure it’s right to use the same word for what I feel for others compared to what I feel for your son.”
than usual.
Castiel was at the gate to Hell. It had been many years since he has visited. In the past, when he and the angels spoke, he would travel with them as they went to visit Lucifer, their brother in Creation, the creator and former ruler of this domain.
Cas starts up the car. “About what?”
is what I live for. You don’t ever give up, do you Dean? Even when you offer up your soul, or tear into bodies in Hell, you still haven’t given up. It’s what I just love so much about you,” he grins wide like a hungry monster. “I could just eat it up.”
There have been times, before, when he’s thought
Scouring the local headlines for any possible hints to their Type of Thing, even a passing chance that might get them out of the bunker to investigate, he was forced to conclude that there truly was nothing new.
He feels tears slip silently down his cheeks. “I missed you so much Castiel,” he almost whispers, his voice is suddenly so hoarse with emotion. “I just wanted to see you one last time.”
He resorted to reading the newspaper. The
“She’s gone.”
Castiel’s eyes stay fixed on his back as he goes. He waits until the lights of the Impala turn on and he can hear the gravel under the tires as it drives away. Then there is the fluttering sound of many wings. Then nothing.
Her heels clicked across the floor as she made her way to his side. “No hesitation,” she observed, sounding proud. “Quick. Brutal,” the body was lying at their feet and she looked at it with calculated detachment. Cas stared at it with an empty expression.
Cas might as well have covered himself in ice. "Why would we? It has nothing to do with you," and oh fuck that maybe hurts Dean's feelings just a little bit.
As she goes to quietly return back inside, she sees Dean’s eyes snap in her direction.
Cas doesn’t need to breathe like Dean does, so he instantly gains a burst of energy. He snaps his arms up and pushes the monster away with the full force of his current, rather substantial if Dean does say so himself, heavenly grace. The thing topples off the bed and shrieks, nightmare worthy, from the floor where she’s landed. Fight or flight move now. Cas, to his credit as a military battle strategist, chooses flight, which is probably the wisest call given that they’re currently shirtless, half-asleep and without weapons or any poorly pronounced latin incantations.
Suddenly, the dream tilted sideways and Dean was fully himself, in his own room, on his knees staring up at Castiel. The angel smiled down at him and carded his fingers gently through his hair, before swiping his thumb through the mess just underneath Dean’s lip. “You’re so good, Dean,” he said affectionately, reverently. “So good.”
There are so many wings.
Dean laughs. "What," Cas says flatly. "What's funny."
“Okay,” Mary says. She sighs deeply. “Okay, Castiel.”
Azazel laughs. “I am not your brother,” he says. “I am not some ancient has-been, out of place and out of time. I have no need for your pathetic imaginary structures, your tragically outdated customs,” they move around each other, negotiating the field of battle. “I’m the future. I’m what’s coming to pass, right here and right now.”
my plan was to write an au heavily inspired by the universe of the sandman comics. cas was dream, anna was death, and naomi was destiny. dean was a prince imprisoned in hell for centuries by azazel, who had usurped lucifer. he had been taught to torture by the corinthian, a wayward nightmare who called itself alastair. dean himself is a pseudo-tulpa born out of his father's desire for the perfect heir.
Azazel clicks his tongue and sweeps his arm in an affected and exaggerated parody of welcome as the gate swings open to invite them inside. Castiel steps imperiously past it, drawing his cloak around himself.
Later in the motel room, Sam wonders what the fuck to do. He’s definitely in over his head and who knows what’s gonna happen to Dean if no one helps him. He can’t even remember his own name anymore, what else will he forget?
“Dean,” Cas says very seriously. “I hate him. I have always hated him. And he has long outlived the argument that he has potential unique usefulness, unless there is some key detail I am missing.”
. He’d spent a while helping Sam with their ongoing shot-in-the-dark search for Lucifer, before leaving the room with his empty beer bottle. Dean had thought maybe he was going to go get another drink and come back, but it had been a while.
“Hello Dean,” Castiel says the same way he has a hundred times before. “We’ve met many times before but it’s an honour to meet you again,”
Dean doesn’t take his hand away completely, just leaves it resting on the seat next to Cas. He clears his throat uncomfortably and turns his head, forcing himself to meet Castiel’s eyes. “Hey, buddy,” a huff of nervous breath, his voice lowering as if he’s telling a secret. “I love you.”
It’s a joke and he’s keeping things respectful so he laughs, just once, quickly. “Let’s not beat around the bush here,” Dean crosses his legs on the bar stool.
“By outsource I mean like,” Dean fumbles. “I went to a crossroads and I-”
“Where is it,” he’s getting impatient again.
Just as Dean starts to believe he’s going to die here, like this, not even able to look his killer in the eye in his final moments, Azazel grabs him harshly by the collar and stands, before harshly spinning them around and slamming Dean back against the grave. Spots pop in Dean’s vision and his ears ring like an alarm.
What about you, Dean? How have you been?
Cas actually looks like he’s thinking of the best words to describe how he feels about having sex with him. If Dean dies of embarrassment now, his headstone will read
He bristles. “No. No I failed. I failed to be God.”
Cas sighs. “Don’t be a child.”
A Dean that cradled his face in his hands as they stood there in a grotesque parody of a romantic embrace. Castiel holding the back of his head, dipping him backwards with the blade slid smooth and easy into his stomach like a hot knife through butter. He bled out and whispered pathetic, meaningless platitudes as the light of his life flickered dimmer.
Cas almost looks angry. “You’d never say that if you weren’t cursed. Do you know how it feels? That you don’t want me unless you’re cursed?”
“Oh yeah,” she says. “And I’m so sure you know shit about
“That’s, um,” he breaks off. “That’s so embarrassing.”
, he thought desperately.
it all seemed.
look sexy driving my car,” he grins big and happy.
he talks to Dean so much these days. Or if you’d rather, more accurately, he talks to himself all the time lately. He thinks to himself.
“Cas, I’m so-” Dean starts to say, but Castiel shushes him gently.
"Holy fuck," Cas says.
Dean took a huge swig of black coffee, for courage. There was a pause, while Sam looked at him expectantly and he searched for the balls to say what he needs to say.
Six lines of teeth are bared at him. “He’s in the palace,” Alastair says. “Only place for a prince, after all. That’s where our Lord keeps all his favourite possessions,” his expressions somehow lose nothing in their execution even without eyes, and even gain a new frightening layer of visceral significance. Castiel reflects on his past experiments in terror and wonders, not for the first time, if this one may have been one of his biggest mistakes.
He can just catch snatches of words.
Cas twists the hand that’s holding Dean and pushes at his shoulder with the other one, pushing him against the car. Dean whimpers and crushes the coat’s collar in his hands.
They had a couple drinks together before all meandering off to do some more work. Sam continued to search for possible leads on the motherfucking AntiChrist, humming to himself every so often, pinning and rearranging stuff on their Wall of Weirdness. Dean sat at the table scuffing his foot across the floor, doing an admirably half-hearted job of searching for Their Kind of Thing in a stack of newspapers, drinking a beer and alternating taking his turn at Boggle on his phone with Mary. Castiel was--well,
Dean presses his face back into his chest. “Didyoulikeit,” the words come out in a rush and he feels the tips of his ears turning red.
He stares at her with wide eyes. “Hey!” he protests as she sinks comfortable against the seat. “Hey!” he repeats when she doesn’t give him an immediate reaction.
He felt exhausted on a bone-deep level, like he’d just fought his way out of a nest of vampires.
“Yes,” everything becomes empty. So dark. Nothing. “And No,” light returns. Colours ebb and flow through space. “We are Both. We must be Both. The universe cannot be balanced otherwise.”
Sometimes, she gets hit with waves of sadness that make her dizzy and give her goosebumps. She’ll never not be ultimately glad that she’s alive, but there’s grief embedded inside her stomach like a knotted root when she thinks of the decades she missed. When Dean was young, he was always growing, growing so fast. She remembers being so terrified of missing things, missing milestones and first moments, that sometimes at night she would lie awake, her heart beating in her throat, too full of love and fear to move or speak. She would think about him growing up and find herself sobbing, inconsolable.
It’s hard to reconcile her past with her present. On the surface, Dean is nothing like the sensitive little boy who craved affection, who loved to draw and play dress up and couldn’t go to sleep at night without being tucked in. She knows he’s a man now, who’s seen and done things most people couldn’t fathom, much less handle. She should be proud, so proud, that her boy is so strong. Instead, she’s sad.
Dean winds her arm back and punches him in the mouth. His head snaps into the window with a
“Last thing I remember is getting hit with the spell,” he replies, standing next to Sam.
Castiel looks up from the pigeons. “Hello sister,” he says. “It’s nice to see you too.” The pigeons coo insistently at him and he pulls more bird seed from the air.
I have absolutely no memory of writing this one! dean and cas have to share a body for some reason. it's titled casefic in my drive so obviously some kind of monster is involved. i have car banter and then a ghoul attack. that's all i have to offer you.
They don’t have to be scared. It’s all right now.
Sam saw Dean’s panicked eyes immediately flicker to the sword sitting in its stand nearby. Saving his brother from swallowing his own tongue, and possibly committing hari kari, he smoothly stepped in. “Just Men of Letters stuff. We were talking about which Hunters we trust to tell stuff to,” he poured some coffee into Castiel’s waiting mug.
“I have said now that I will answer your questions,” Cas takes a calming breath through his nose.
Cas gives him a withering look. "Really."
Cas kisses him on the nose. “Of course I did,” he says firmly. “Did you?”
Cas grumbles. “I’m so tired. Is this what being human is like, all the time?”
Dean feels a wave of relief wash over him. He could take a fucking bath in all this relief, catch it in a bucket and make a camp shower. “I mean. Yeah, mostly,” he replies. “‘specially if you live the lifestyle I do. Zero out of ten doctors recommend it.”
It was truly war.
Dean stares him down. “Well, if you ask me,” he says. “That expression is just a fundamental misunderstanding of how roads work.”
“Are you angry?” The wings flutter again.
"Oh my god, that's mean," Dean whines, drawing out the syllables.
Tears slide down Dean’s face, catching on his lips and wetting the pillow. “When will I stop fucking everything up?” he whispers, feeling humiliated by the watery hoarseness of his voice.
that, can feel the gears of Sam’s mind whirring from here. He knows he should talk, knows Sam has always been right that he needs to open up more, but in his defense, having to talk about his
He’s bleeding when he turns to look at her, eyes wild with anger. She almost hopes he tries to take a swing back. Just see what happens, pal. Just you try it and find out.
“You already apologized,” Castiel said, tilting his head and appraising the photographs he was arranging on the shelf.
…” he lets his voice trail off, his face growing warmer as comprehension flashes across Castiel’s face.
Cas gazes at him dispassionately. "Okay, maybe you can...I'll consider it-" Dean grins at him and he raises an eyebrow. "I'm joking. Absolutely not."
“Castiel,” his voice is so quiet, but so sure. “I love you.”
Another beat of silence, and Dean can’t stand to be in this staring contest of misery anymore. He flicks his eyes back down to the floor. Sam, mercifully, doesn’t try to push him. “I’ll go make the call,” he says, swallowing, his Adam’s apple bobbing in his throat. “And then I’ll go talk to mom and see what she thinks, maybe talk about her plans.”
Dean looks up and he smiles, but not really like he’s happy. “I thought I’d see you here,” he says.
“That’s my name,” Dean retorts cheerfully.
“I’m a God,” Azazel repeats and Dean hasn’t cried in millennia, but he cries now.
“Hm,” he smiles at her. “Dean likes that show. I understand Spock’s motivations very much, as an outsider, an alien straddling two opposing worlds. I think when he watches, Dean likes to see himself as James Kirk. He compared us to them once, but Sam told me about the history of transformative content regarding them as a couple, and he never did again.”
She looks at him coldly. “And what are you gonna do?” her tone crawls with icy venom. “You gonna watch, huh? Is that what you like to do, Lester? Watch?” she pulls the First Blade from her pocket outside his line of sight. “Well, watch this.”
Dean’s ears were ringing.
“That’s all I ever wanted to be,” Dean replies. “Honestly. That’s all I ever wanted.”
He listens carefully. He closes all his eyes.
He laughs, and God it’s been so long since he laughed. “Wow, thanks, buddy.”
He follows Castiel’s gaze over to Sam’s immaculate bed and feels alarm bells sound in his head.
Okay first thing’s first, he needed to change his clothes.
At first he thinks he’s dreaming. He only occupies this form in the space between reality and thought. All his own dreams are music. He hears the songs they used to sing across Heaven. Each pitch is accompanied by a burst of pure colour.
” he hisses.
“We kill them,” Castiel states simply.
Castiel was almost worse than Dean, because he didn’t complain, he just
He couldn’t take it in very far, hadn’t been able to the first time he’d done this, but he made up for it by wrapping his hand around the rest of it like he’d seen in porn he’d furtively watched on mute while John had been away and Sammy had been asleep. The rhythm of his mouth and hand were uneven, but it didn’t matter. Soon, Connor/Colin twitched involuntarily and came without warning, getting some on Dean’s tongue before he spluttered and pulled off, splashing the rest in a messy trail down his chin.
Dean swaggers back over to them, but not before casting one last look at the bull. “So, where to next?” he grins.
doesn’t feel like receiving revelation. He hasn’t woken up to find new holes weeping blood from his hands. It’s more like this knowledge has always been there, etched into his bones. It’s as much a part of him as his skin and his blood and his teeth. A sense of inevitability. The certainty of destruction. In a sense it feels like the animal instinct to brace for unalterable cataclysm was a genetic trait, inherited by him in just the same way as he got his eyes from his mother, his hair from his mother, his smile from his mother. He got her broken heart too.
“Don’t
“Shh,” Cas says. “Go to sleep.”
He can’t help himself, he kisses Cas over and over again. God, he’s so in love, though he’s not sure when he’ll be ready to admit it out loud.
“Come on dude, don’t you think about stuff like that?” Dean continues. “Like that guy working the motel front desk is kinda sexy too, don’t you notice that shit? You gotta get a pair of eyes, man.”
the idea behind this is that jimmy (janey!) novak falls in love with dean together with cas, as a part of her. was going to Get Into the experience of being a closeted christian housewife who quite literally gave up her body. feel like I can just fill in the rest from my mind palace.
Dean wakes up next to the cross, alone.
When they finally set off for the meeting, both had adopted forced cheerful moods. However, the situation quickly began to disintegrate as they drove. Cas provided the directions and location easily enough, but was unsurprisingly unforthcoming on the details of the many other questions Dean had.
“I really loved you, Cas,” Dean grimaces like she’s retelling someone else’s embarrassing story. “Wanted you to like…stay with me. Wake up next to you. Hold my hand and shit.”
Dean practically leans on Castiel like a crutch the entire way to his bedroom. Whatever, he’s always been a bit touch-starved, and he’s been trapped in solitary confinement for almost two months, so sue him. When he opens the door he’s surprised to see that the room looks lived in. “I had taken to sleeping here,” Cas admits. “While you were away. It made me feel closer to you, like I could feel your presence, your signs of life.”
she thinks. “Super!” she declares, bright and sarcastic. “Listen, you sold your soul for this crap, so -”
Sam feels a bit like the floor is spinning.
“Uh-” For a moment Sam thought about explaining the war in Heaven to his brain-damaged brother, but then decided against it. “No. He’s gonna drive.”
“Are you going to say something performatively misogynistic?” Cas asked.
Fuck it.
“You were a woman?” Dean blurted out, ears turning red at his own outburst.
"Pal?"
Dean is actually pretty ready to fall asleep now, but it’s Cas who breaks the silence again. “So,” he says. “You like it when I give you positive feedback.”
“Sam!” the girl is yelling for someone else. “Cas?”
His stupid moustache quivers. “Men aren’t built for monogamy,” he asserts. “Because of evolution. We’re – we’re – we’re programmed, you know, to – to spread our seed.”
Castiel couldn’t say he liked it. He was notoriously averse to change and prone to paranoia and distrust. His sister, Death, though she liked to be called Anna, believed that it was a part of his nature. From some angles, it was a flaw, but they were not mortal creatures and could not be judged as good or bad in behaviour. It was an aspect of Dream, an aspect of dreaming. Dreams are disjointed, non-linear and confusing, but above all they seek to decode lived experience. Dreams struggle through complexity and mania because above all they long for stability, a way to make sense of all that comes to pass.
, wants to do things the
and Dean just looks at him with disdain. “
They sit there in each other’s company in comfortable silence for a moment, before Castiel looks at Dean and frowns, his expression visible in the semi-dark thanks to the dim lamp Dean left on to help chase the nightmares away. He tilts his head. “Would you or Sam be angry if I ripped Crowley’s heart out of his chest?”
“Sometimes it’s best to keep things on a need to know basis-”
I recently beta'd a wangxian bodysharing fic for my dear friend
“Yeah, hey Cas,” Sam says, scratching his ear and angling away from Dean, who’s sitting on the bed kicking his feet looking like he’s never had a care in the world. Or, more accurately, like he can’t remember the weight of the world ever being put in his shoulders.
He reaches for the phone and dials Castiel’s number.
“Dean…” Max begins and shakes his head slightly.
“I’m a God,” he says and Dean shivers. He wonders if it would have been better not to be taken from Hell. He thinks it would have been. He wouldn’t have had to try so hard. Wouldn’t have had so much hope. Hell will be so much worse now, he knows. Going back will be even worse than when he first was dragged down when he made his Deal centuries ago.
Cas isn’t even talking to himself, not really. All he’s doing is
Cas, who considers himself Sam’s friend, has the decency to look mollified. Dean however, who considers himself Sam’s family, still carries out his card-carrying right to be obnoxious. “Well, if Cas would stop being Mr. Mysterious over here and just answer the damn questions!”
Dean roped his arms loosely around his knees as he sat up, still working to catch his breath. “Thanks Cass,” he added after a moment, almost absently. The Angel just nodded before he cleared his throat, a queue learned from Bobby over the few months. It was enough to get Dean’s undivided attention, his eyes glued to the Angel that was suddenly shifting from side to side, looking fidgety. Cass was never fidgety, the damn man could almost be a statue at times, he barely moved beyond breathing. “Uh, what’s up, Cass?”
A quick turn and step had him facing the attacker. Castiel willed his grace into existence for a brief moment as he rested two fingers against the head of the older human. The two locked eyes for the barest of moments before he willed the human to sleep. The man sank slowly to his knees, slumping over in a dead sleep. Assured that he was asleep, Cass turned back toward Dean with an exasperated expression. “We need to talk, Dean. Alone.” His hand twitched slightly to indicate Bobby and his wings ruffled restlessly.
The clock read 10:30 PM when he began and had changed to 2:24 AM when he stumbled out of the bar, feet unsteady against the sidewalk. The hours always flew past him in a blur of alcohol and flirting, occasionally broken by the boo of a crowd whenever he tried karaoke, his tune broke voice grating out only a few words before he cheerfully exited the stage, shirt stained with thrown beer cups.
Adrenaline sped like a drug through his blood, speeding his heart beat up, awareness sliding over his mind like oil over water. A faint hiss was the only warning given before a shape detached itself from the shadows and slammed heavily into Dean, throwing him hard into the ground. His machete clanged with a metallic grind against the hard concrete floor, drowning out the hard huff as the air was knocked from his lungs. “Cass!” he managed to wheeze as hands clamped down hard around his throat, squeezing sharply.
“I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition.” The monster came to a stop just in front of Dean. It spoke with a deep voice, tone cool and factual with a bit of a gravelly note. It cocked its head toward the side, raising an eyebrow a fraction, as if daring Dean to reply. Dean growled, “thanks for that”, and lunged forward with the knife raised. The blade sank with a wet squish into the chest of the monster, who didn’t even blink at the motion. No, it actually smirked at Dean with another little eyebrow raise.
He reached in carefully, mindful of the broken parts still lining the portion of the window. A searching hand undid the lock, and he was inside the blessedly cool building. It might look run down but the air conditioning was fantastic to feel after the merciless sun. Dean made a beeline for the water, slamming the sliding glass door open and snatching up a bottle. He twisted the cap off and upended the cold water into his mouth, gulping greedily. It felt like a blessing, sliding down his parched throat. He exhaled noisily as he looked around the room.
It was one more pot of coffee and another hour later that Dean found himself watching Bobby spray paint what seemed like a billion symbols all over the inside of a shed. Two tables were shoved up against walls, lined with every weapon variety they could each think of. Knives made of silver, of steel, of iron. A few canisters of rock salt, a jug of holy water, Hell they even had a crow bar. Their arsenal was intended to fight of everything imaginable from Demons to Werewolves. From Shifters to Vampires.
Dean only stood there for a short while before he made up his mind to fetch his stupid feathery friend back inside. Castiel couldn’t know the repercussions of standing in the cold for this long, the chance of a cold or pneumonia or worse. He finished pulling on his coat, one of his favourites in fact, and double checked that his boots were tightly laced up. He steeled himself against the cold as he opened the door and stepped out into the weather.
Dean gritted his teeth when the edge of the knife dug carefully into his skin, pushing through the thin layer to bite into the muscle. He ground out “fuck you” before sinking his teeth into his lips, swallowing down a pained yell. Alastair just smiled a bit more, bracing his other hand against the Hunter’s chest, pushing harder with his knife. The skin parted so easily under the blade, his hand twitching to work out intricate designs in the flesh. Occasionally he would wipe away the blood with his hand, ‘tsk’ing softly.
He sucked in a deep breath, let it out slow, and hit enter. The results that pulled up were too much for him to sift through, showing thousands of searches, so he tagged on ‘Kansas’ as well, hoping they were local. They must have been local if they were tied to a small country church, tucked away on the backroads like it was.
“Damn it Bobby, it’s too early to make that much noise.” His voice was a croak, still stuffy from sleep and the hangover. The old mechanic snorted with disgust as he moved to fetch his own cup of coffee, ignoring Dean’s question and forcing him to lean forward, eyes squinted to read the small print. In the too small words a small section explained a man had been found dead inside his home, chest ripped open, heart missing. It was the third death of this nature in the area. “Werewolf? Wolves?”
This was a precious and rare moment for the Angel. He took each thought and gently examined it, thoroughly explored each emotion that bubbled so restlessly within him. Only a few had a name he could place, a few unnamed ones escaped his current knowledge, unlabeled but still felt so keenly. The night before was the source of most, if not all, his current conflicts. The feeling of Dean under his wing had been so utterly peaceful; it had been warm and safe and secure. And when he woke, sprawled out on the couch with the Hunter’s body pressed so neatly against his, it had kept that note of peace.
He would be damned if this was how he died. Again? When he thought it would be his death again, his hands broke free from the dirt. The air was hot against his skin as he flattened his palms against firmer dirt and hauled himself free of the grave. The grass prickled sharply, turned brittle by the sun. The Hunter groaned, arms trembling with the effort to free him. Temporarily exhausted from his effort and finally free of the sucking dirt, he collapsed into the grass and rolled onto his back.
The freezing rain spattered down in sideways sheets, driven by the howling wind. It soaked through clothes in seconds, plastering the garments flat in a second and a half. It made carrying an almost catatonic Angel a hair away from impossible. The rain soaked into the feathers of his wings, turning them into heavier and heavier weights. Dean staggered through the storm, feet dragging as he hauled Castiel. The Angel had one arm and wing slung over the Hunter, sagging into Dean’s supportive embrace and barely moving his feet enough to walk.
The sound was absolutely horrifying. The Angel initially flinched away from the noise that assaulted his ears, the screaming that would not cease. The constant crack of whips, the gurgling of people choking on their own blood, the insane laughter that would haunt him for many years to come. He had known that Hell was the definition of horror, had known the atrocities committed were what made Hell… well, Hell. But it was entirely different to be a witness to it.
A wicked grin was carved into the face of the former Hunter, his eyes dancing with barely contained glee as he looked at the torment born from his hands. Cass shuddered at the sight, that clouding doubt racing over his mind. For the first time he wondered if his orders may have come from the wrong source, from a source of evil. He was the rescue this soul? The one that tortured with such skill and ease, smirking with a devilish handsomeness that twisted the heart of the Angel.
The client didn’t argue about the price but instead showered Bobby with enthusiastic praise and a promise to leave a raving review. He paid up and left with no trouble while Dean disconnected the coolant system for the altima. He found trace amounts of oil in the system, probably the reason why all the hoses had gone soft and leaked almost all the fluid out. The new hoses were connected pretty quickly and he filled it up with a heavy duty detergent to start washing out the oil. He flushed the system three times to be sure before refilling it and declaring the job complete.
His apartment wasn’t the grandest thing in the world but it was home. The walls were covered in his paintings he didn’t deem good enough to sell or simply couldn’t be sold. He went for a comfortable but minimalistic design for the furniture, the couch and recliner a neutral grey with a black and white rug. His coffee table was black with homemade coasters, cluttered with the mail from yesterday and a forgotten cup of tea that had been sitting for days.
The demon spat out a mirthless laugh, a brittle chuckle that crackled through the air. “Do your worst.” He dared with a taunting tone, spitting at the Hunter with distaste. Dean stepped back to avoid the wad of spit, wrinkling his nose at it. He brought the paper up and focused on the words once more.
That was how Dean found himself standing in the shed, rooting through a plastic grey storage bin, Castiel standing to the side with his eyes cast downwards. “These were Sammy’s, when he was around twenty. We were almost the same height back then,” Dean explained as he pulled out neatly folded clothing from the bin. His voice was forced into a neutral tone while his mind recoiled, memories of his dead brother haunting him. There was the faintest scent still clinging to the old clothes, something that was purely Sam and it ripped fresh holes into the heart of the Hunter.
A low whine greeted him as he settled his things on the bartop separating the kitchen from the tiny dining room. “Hey baby,” he reached down and ruffled the ears of his dog, smiling as she enthusiastically licked every millimeter of his hands twice over.. “Who's a good girl, huh? Who's a good girl.” She waggled the nub of her tail excitedly and ran circles around his legs before sitting down to watch him wash his hands and unload the breakfast onto a few recyclable paper plates. She was a gorgeous brindle boxer with bright eyes and a loving personality, plus she had puppy eyes that could soften even the hardiest of hearts.
He resisted the urge to sigh at her, instead reluctantly agreeing. It had been weeks since he’d last had a little outing; he’d earned a little more fun than watching TV or painting. “I’ll go, Meg, but only if you promise to not throw every eligible, and not eligible, man at me. If anything happens, I’d prefer it was natural and mutual. You’re a terror and you know it.” The thought of pasta made his stomach growl, reminding him he had skipped his breakfast in order to catch Michael before his day got too busy. “How about I bring you breakfast and we can go over dinner plans? I’ll even let you dress me.”
Sam’s voice was almost too loud in the apartment as he dropped his backpack onto the ground beside the table and slouched down into a worn out ikea chair. He flicked a few crumbs off the equally worn out table and pulled out books, binders, and a pencil case and spread them out. His books were obviously second hand and well used, the binding peeling and in some places taped back down. His binders all had other classes marked out on the spine, a new class scribbled under it.
He hung the phone up, making his way back outside toward one of the dusty cars. He jerked open the door and slid across the seat, reaching down. Within minutes the car roared to life and he was zipping down the roar, a trail of dust pluming into the air. He sped off in the direction of Sioux Falls, praying that whatever had been after him was far behind. He cursed the broken radio, too. It was not impressed, only giving off short bursts of static when he tried it. The drive was irritatingly long and silent, leaving him to his disjointed thoughts and faint fear.
“Ooh, Cassie, we’ve got a hottie for a waiter,” Meg whispered to him after a handsome man took their drink orders and recommended his favourite appetizer, crostini with tomatoes grown fresh at the restaurant. Castiel blushed at Meg’s boldness, shushing her quickly. She grinned at him with a wink before stealing his menu, even though hers was right there.
The warning also spoke of his well-being. This was a perilous task set upon his shoulder, his chances of escaping unscathed were near nonexistent. To escape unscathed with a soul intact was nigh impossible. Such a terrible burden would make lesser Angels tremble and doubt but he was a good soldier, he did not question his orders. Instead he had plunged into Hell with determination to succeed, not looking back even once.
The chair scraped against the cheap linoleum as Sam scooted closer to the table, reaching out to pull a slightly crumpled packet out of one of the binders. It used to have ‘biology’ written across the spine but it was now scratched out and changed to ‘humanities 2”.  “Classes were boring and I swear my calculus teacher is after me. She accused me of cheating on the last quiz because I didn’t show my work. It’s college for god’s sake, why would I need to show my work!” He tugged a pencil out of his pencil case, the lead breaking against the fabric.
“Oh congrats, lovely! Are you buying me dinner after all? That new italian joint opened up last week and I heard they have absolutely delicious pasta. Don’t worry, they outsource to cruelty free and cage free suppliers.” Meg sipped noisily at her coffee as she talked, “It’s near that club you like, too. The one with the alt music you, for some reason, absolutely love.” She took on a persuasive tone, dangling the offering as a baited hook.
Castiel loved drawing his namesake: Angels. He skipped the chubby features, left out the harp, and downright refused to draw the halo. Instead he drew normal people, wings carefully attached to their backs, posed as naturally as he could around their figures. Today he drew wings that were flared wide for balance, feathers ruffled in an unseen wind. Time raced by as he worked, tediously working out the details, music humming softly in the room. He only drank half the coffee, the rest turning cold in the ceramic mug.
“It’s not cold enough to freeze your ba-” Cass started to explain but he was quickly cut off by Dean flapping his hands, waving away the explanation. “Phrase of speech, Cass.” The Angel blew out a short sigh of annoyance, he still struggled with expressions. Dean wiggled uncomfortably in the sudden silence before he blurted, “Let’s go, Cass. That vamp ain’t dying with us collecting dust here.” He barely finished the words before the Angel had an arm around him and the noise of feathers brushing through air filled his ears.
Dean reached out to touch the painting, sure it was a figment of his imagination, but the thick oily paint was all too real under his trembling fingertips. He took a hesitant step back, still staring at the angel with wide eyes. Until someone coughed gently behind him, an awkward clearing of their throat. He whirled around, guiltily, to see the pastor looking at him with what could only described as a worried expression. “You okay, son?”
With great reluctance, he rolled himself out of bed and plodded down the hall to the kitchen. He started up the coffee pot early, stopping to listen to the sound of the percolating brew and inhaling the fresh coffee scent. He did what he always did, stealing the first cup as soon as it brewed, enjoying the almost too strong coffee. He settled down at the table with a yawn and healthy slurp of his hot bean juice.
He started narrowing down his search, tired of reading about what seemed to be a pompous man with too much money for his own good. He tried to look for ‘Novak family second son’ but didn’t find anything interesting, except a short page about him eloping to France to be a baker. He ditched that for ‘Novak family youngest son’ and finally he scored something  interesting.
God damn, his eyes were an astonishing clear blue. Dean finally understood why people loved the sky so much, because there was a drop of it in Castiel’s eyes. The cashier looked as floored as he felt, blinking slowly, and his breath was as uneven as Dean’s. “So, that’s what blue looks like,” the mechanic managed to splutter out, voice sounding rough even to his own ears.
Icarus was smiling fiercely, a savage joy that lit up his whole face even as his wings brought him closer and closer to the sun. Gold and red coated his feathers, drenching with a surreal splash of colours. And even when the sun started to soften and melt the wax on Icarus’ wings, his smile did not falter and if anything, he beat his wings harder, flew faster, reached higher.
A disdainful note sparked in Uriel’s voice as he replied, a sneer too evident. “If you were stupid enough to get attacked, Castiel, why should I levy the information you need to you? Find the answers without my aid. Surely you and your savage can find them through another method. Though I advise you exercise more caution for I may not be there to save you again.” It was now that Dean realised he could not see the wings of the other Angel for all he heard was a soft whoosh as Uriel vanished.
The most frustrating aspect of his apparent revival was the amnesia that clung like a heavy fog to his mind. Dean walked with a single minded determination, searching through his mind as his feet stomped heavily through the dust. The sun beat down on his back, scorching with a heat that made him sweat profusely. He felt like one large bruise, every muscle ached and he was sure he’d become sunburnt soon.
As if to challenge his words, a bang erupted on the roof that made Dean flinch slightly. The wind moaned brokenly against the structure of the shed, starting as a rough breeze and progressing quickly into a furious howl. The metal sheets the roof consisted of broke partially free, banging up and down on the rafters. Dean grabbed a shotgun, also loaded with rock salt shells, as he hopped off the table. Bobby mimicked his movement until they were both backing up toward the rear of the shed.
“Hey there, uh,” he squinted for a second at the name tag pinned to his shirt, “Castiel? Castiel. Can you ring this up under my name, I need it for a car out back. Some crazy ol’ lady swore she’d rip me a new one if I didn’t use this brand.” He gestured toward the mechanic’s door, rolling his eyes heavenward. The clerk didn’t even notice, he was busy scanning the item with a cute blush staining his cheeks pink.  He paused for a moment before realizing he had left his name tag in his tool box. “My name is Dean. Dean Winchester,” he tossed in a wink with a playful smile, trying to coax out a reaction.
“Use the towel and wrap it around your waist, c’mon man. Show some modesty,” Dean instructed as he ran a hand over his face, rubbing at his eyes tiredly. He heard the muffled sound of a towel being shaken out, the heavy rustle of wet wings moving. “Here, I have some spare clothes for you,” he began when the silence resumed, raising his hand where the pile of clothes balanced on his palm. A short moment later the clothing was gently taken, “The shirt, you can cut the back if you need to for your wings.”
Sam glared at his brother as he pulled his papers free from the weight of the plate, checking for any spots or grease on the pages before putting them back into his binder and shoving everything aside so they could eat. One book fell to the floor with a loud wham but he ignored it. His mouth watered at the smell of the fajitas and he dug in immediately. It earned him a scalded tongue and he yelped at the pain, huffing air through his mouth, trying to cool down the too hot bite. Dean snorts,  “It’s hot, dingus.”
Dean had watched the encounter with a blank expression for a moment too long, belatedly reaching down to help Cass up. His mind reeled with painful memories of a faded face and almost forgotten voice, already all blurred with time. The desperate desire to see his brother again seized his chest painfully, his heart hammered with the need. He looked at Castiel with a broken expression, the curses of the demon a faint sound in the background, drowned out by the roar in his ears. His Angel stared back with sympathy and his wings dropped with it, the tips brushed the ground.
In the two months of working here, Cass had only met two people: his boss and the other cashier that worked the days he didn’t. He hadn’t once met or seen the mechanics, though he knew there was two. He leaned against the counter, pretending to look through a catalog when in reality he was watching the other man. Damn he was hot. Cass couldn’t help but admire the way his body flexed under snug fitting clothes as he reached for a container above his head. A small strip of his stomach showed where his shirt had ridden up. Apparently satisfied with the item, the mechanic turned away from the shelf and walked toward the check out.
He sighed as he made his way to Sam, plunking himself down in the pew next to him. On his other side was Bobby, looking just as awkward in his suit as Sam. Bobby wasn’t the type to really dress up, preferring his jeans, flannels, and old button-ups with the odd t-shirt or two. Seeing him without his signature vest was downright weird for Dean, especially since the last time Bobby wore a suit was to his parent’s funeral. The memories were immediately smothered. Sam and Bobby started to talk quietly to each other, while Dean fished out his phone to play his game.
” The demon screamed suddenly, voice ripping the air violently. “Stop! Stop,” he managed to gasp through the pain, black smoke dripping through the words. They paused together midway through a word as Dean lowered the paper slowly to observe the demon.  Victory sparked through his eyes, turning them a brilliant shade of pale green. He raised an eyebrow inquiringly as he neatly folded his paper.
