“Is he awake?”
A metal hand rested against his sternum, holding the thick blanket in place and using his other to wipe the water dripping lonely down his neck.
“Yep, sausage and everything.”
There were other men, there were women, there was a teenager at the very end of the hall with tears still dripping down her cheeks even as the color had left the young face and her skin had begun to grow cold.
It was how long it took for the billionaire to finally crack.
“Theres been a fallout, Ross is dead.”
“-things wrong! Theres no response, he isn’t even reacting to his name!”
“You still good with leaving? We can stay if you need to, theres no rush.”
“Are you a bit more focused? You here?”
It was so distant. Grasping the sound took a lot of focus and it wasn’t until his body left the ground that he heard a clear tone.
“Phenomenal job, darling. We’ll work on handys next.”
“Right as rain, Stevie.”
Everything was fine.
“Steven Stark I have been gone for almost a week!”
The weight of him over his side held him down, comfortably enough to let him fall limp into the bed.
“Good, ready to clean?”
Numb fingers hooked themselves to his blankets, strength at zero and the more he pushed away a new set pushed it in the opposite direction. He felt the material scuff against his neck and the cornered feeling was anything but welcome.
“I can’t-”
“Can you tell me about earlier?”
He still couldn’t see it.
“I know,” the voice was so soft he ran his other hand up and down the back of the sweatshirt, fighting back a sigh, “I know, but maybe it will help.”
I appreciate you guys!
“Oh shut it. Next time I'm taking everything off, its my tower.”
“Why me? I’m sure you and Barnes are having a blast together, wherever you are nowadays.”
“See? He gets it,” the man pulled the sheet up a little higher toward his chin, covering his chest completely with one hand, “and he gets me. If only everyone understood me like you do.”
He ignored him, turning to the door only for new hands to tug him harshly back into his seat.
Looking up from his hold on the bars he just about took a step back, Tony standing there with a grin as he took in the sight before him.
For today.
He wanted to get out.
“He? Baby, who is he?”
“Yes.”
“Why was it okay?”
At first he shot up in confusion, looking around the room with intent on finding out what the hell that sound could be. Getting up from the chair he followed it, stepping into his room and immediately coming to a halt. He stared at his bedside table, eyes widening as he took a step backward and refused to move. That sound could only be one thing and it made his blood still, his feet melt into the floor, and his heart beat a thousand times faster.
“You will.”
But it rang again.
Tony sat on the main floors couch, flipping through channels without really paying attention to what he was watching. Most of the team just got off a week long battle across Russia, and haven’t left their rooms in days due to exhaustion. He himself slept pretty long, almost 12 hours which was a lot considering he barely sleeps anyway. After waking up just a few minutes ago he ordered some food from a familiar restaurant down the street, making his way out of his floor, and plopping down to rest where the rest of the team may show up shortly. Steve may be a little upset waking alone, but Tony also didn’t want to wake him seeing as he had so much paperwork to do before falling asleep only an hour or two ago.
“Buck put himself back in the ice.”
“You’re going to see a new therapist today.”
Each breath after the ice had felt just as cold, they froze him to the bone and sent shivers down his spine each time he was forced to move forward without any familiarity in this generation. He felt painfully alone, overly exhausted and completely out of place regardless of how many people were around him. Nothing felt real and each step he took he felt like he was going to slip through the cracks and land back in 1945 with Bucky across from him in the tent and his captain calling their name from across the trench. The smell of heavy pollution randomly took over his senses, he swore he heard children shouting out for newspapers on sale and the familiar squeals of breaks as children ran through the streets playing.
He would-
Chuckles melted him to the floor, a sound he swore just days- weeks? Ago that he would never hear again.
“When?”
The man looked surprised at the words, eyes painting themselves in concern.
“I knew you would come back to me. I knew it- Why am I paying these doctors to tell me shit I know, its a load of-”
He held Bucky as he cried.
“Don’t give me those puppy eyes, Punk, You are gonna get it back, I promise. I’ll even put it on the counter, see?”
“We can try the water later.”
He shook his head again, wildly.
Turn around.
“I love you, I just wish I could have all of you.”
Tapping quickly, the cup was pulled away, taking the suffocating feeling along with it. The cup was dropped on the counter and he gagged just enough to bring emotion to his eyes.
“No- no, Bucky help me out here.”
Voices faded in and out before he was dropped into a puddle of heat, sweat immediately dripping down the sides of his face to blend with his tears. He could taste the salt on his lips and his breath was shaky at best before all the fingers disappeared.
He too stared at the man in shock as he jumped off the bed as if it was on fire. Steve could only breathe in sharply, trying to figure out what was going on as his gaze darted between the two.
“We’re getting you some fresh air today, enjoy it because it might be your last.”
“I love you so much. I wanted to come home, but by the time I made up my mind it was too late. I don’t want you coming here. I don’t want you finding me..”
Nodding, he handed the bowl back, spoon hidden at the bottom where it slid down the side of the dish.
“Without the blanket you’ll be cold and that’s something you told me not to do. Do you remember that? When we talked?”
He called Tony’s name.
“Steve?”
Turning toward the elevator his fingers stopped pressing the buttons, smiling at the assassin as he padded across the floor toward the kitchen. Bucky was probably one of his closest friends at this point, the two constantly talking and bickering while also getting to know each other really well.
The terror was pouring into him, voice trembling in fear as Ross’ face pictured itself in his mind.
“Rise and shine, Rogers.”
He had a hard time figuring out what time was when, he kind of wished he had a clock in the room, but until then he couldn’t really distort when he was supposed to be awake.
Bucky.
Unable to get any words past his lips he felt his face melt, tears dripping down the sides of his face with absolute defeat and sorrow painted across his thoughts.
“I can’t handle this right now, okay? I need to get with his doctor and hopefully fix this medication they have him on. He’s not sleeping and he’s obviously exhausted. I also have to up his PT because this nurse has begun cutting our hour shorter as if we are a dent in her time. I’m not paying these people to brush us off, especially when its Steve fucking Rogers that they are messing with!”
He wanted to tell him that, to scream and shout and act like a child. He was itching to shout and scream everything he never got to say all those months ago to make himself feel better, because this was a situation he had only thought about since receiving this phone. Yet, actually being here in this moment, he didn’t know what to do.
“You can’t.”
It was an instant reaction and by the time he was back in the blonds face the grip only tightened.
“For the love of god-”
“Okay, sweetheart, I'm going to come home. J, how long..”
Bucky was still wrapped around his back, arms around his middle as Tony held his head gently in his lap. He wanted to say the billionaire sat himself against the headboard for hours and Steve knew it couldn’t have been comfortable.
“Enough, enough.”
“I need you to tell me what happened.”
It made sense, but it didn’t hurt him any less.
“I am actually going to bring you some clothes, maybe that brown sweater you always tried to steal from me. This gown, as skimpy as it is, which you know I love skimpy on you, is getting a bit out of style.”
“You know I love you?”
The body behind him shuffled, standing from the chair as the sheets around him began pulling away.
“Please. I am begging you- you are the only one I trust to help him.”
“I know, sweetheart.”
The eyes locked in on his, staring with no expectancy of an answer.
Jeez, maybe he was more of an idiot than he thought?
Tony patted his arm. "Of course you did, babe."
She nodded silently and stood up. Over his whines, she took the container of gelato and the spoon away from him and said, "Brush your teeth and go to bed," but there was an element of coldness in her voice that hadn't been there a few moments before, and Tony knew it wasn't directed at him.
"Oh, this just keeps getting better and better," Pepper said, and Tony turned and tried to placate her, but even as he put calming hands out toward her, he could only grimace as he said, "In my defense, I was straight with you about that from the beginning — uh, no pun intended."
"Oh, come on, Steve. Don't be one of those dads."
He nodded and decided to play along. Unless he wanted to jump out of a moving vehicle (not like he hadn't done it before), he would have to. At least for a little while longer. "But I'm guessing
"He holds his cards close to the vest. I don't think he
, I think we're looking more at the shotgun variety of ceremony." He glanced to Tony and said, "Nice to see the Cap making an honest man out of you, though."
"No, it's fine," he said. "What's going on?"
"Princess?" Sharon asked with a laugh, and she glanced to Tony good-naturedly and said, "What, do you turn into a pumpkin after midnight?"
"Yeah? Well, see from over there. You do not come anywhere near my child. You shouldn't even be in here. How did you get in? You fake medical credentials, too?"
"Don't tell me he went over to Wilson's," he muttered.
But Tony just shushed him and said, "Lovebug, lower your voice. I have a headache still."
"Steve didn't—"
So, he took the baby into the living room for some play time, assuring Tony that yes, he would even change a diaper if he needed. So far, he'd lucked out and she'd been dry and happy, but he knew his luck wouldn't hold out forever.
Barton still looked confused. "Uh, I thought you said you
Tony nodded. "Ah, I see. You were fucking me in this body but were picturing me in the other body."
He clamped his mouth shut and thinned his lips into a flat line, and Tony kept his focus on Steve's eyes and saw the makings of tears there that he was too proud to shed.
Steve smiled a little, sheepish but still seeming to be a bit proud of himself. "What? Did you think I was only going to treat my fella to one night at a fancy New York hotel?"
"If you want, there's some muesli left," Bruce said and motioned to the box on the counter.
"OK, so, what, you're saying maybe he's got a thing for Cap and he's pissed that you got there first?"
Steve glanced over. "What?"
to swing it but it depended on how busy he was.
Thor chuckled and finished making his sandwich. "I do not have anything in my possession at current, but if you would like them, you may have the magnificent picture cards I purchased at one of your fine Midgardian beach-side shops."
Tony scoffed. "Meaning?"
"Organs? You mean orphans?"
"Oh, you don't mean that."
Body."
"No, you didn't," Tony agreed and reached out to take her. "She's hungry."
"As an insult? Yeah, I know." He sat back up again and began to run another test on the arm circuitry. "But sometimes, I wish he could be just a little more…tactful."
"It's technically the morning."
. It was happier, it was warmer, and it was safer. It was, well, corny as it sounded, it was
Barnes was the one to snort the laugh this time. "If you're waitin' for that to happen, you're gonna be waitin' a long time. Steve's never gonna change. Gotta take 'im as he is. I kept hoping he'd stop trying to pick fights with everyone — stop trying to prove his fucking usefulness. He hasn't stopped picking fights in seventy years, I don't think he's gonna develop any more tact, either."
"Hmm..." Tony murmured. "Did you just go on an adventure with an angel named 'Clarence'?"
Steve just eyed him a moment before he turned his attention to Esmeralda. "You going to make him stay like that the rest of his life?"
Tony turned again. "Excuse me?"
"Sure! And hell, you're Captain America! That pretty much guarantees you to be the greatest teacher even known to mankind."
"Nothing," he said with a despondent sigh and patted Steve's arm. "Just…" He motioned at the photo he'd been staring at. "The only thing I can think of when I look at that photo is how
Steve glanced around. "That's impossible," he said, eyeing up the house around him. "I was just in—"
"Look, I know the general 'what' of this, but I don't know—"
"So…just so I understand," he said, slowly, like he was trying very, very hard to process what he'd just heard, "Captain America got Iron Man
Whether it was the cut of his jaw or the hairline or the shape of the eyes, this was clearly Steve's father, a service photo presumably taken before he'd shipped off for France to meet his doom.
"Yeah, and it's a good thing we did," Tony said. "I almost died earlier."
"I feel bad."
"I didn't actually drink out of that one," Steve said and stood behind Tony.
They stared at each other, unable to understand or fully process what was being said until, jointly, they scrambled for the baby book, and Steve grabbed it and fanned through the pages.
"Wanna bet?"
Tony blinked at her, and Steve grunted out, "Hundred-
"Nah, I don't think so. Just regular party crashers. Think the only ulterior motive any of them might have is getting some prime pictures to sell to various websites."
After wobbling wandering around in goddamned stilettos for another five minutes, he finally came upon the table, and he settled down onto his chair and said, "Did you guys move or something?"
Steve had been on his run when he'd seen everyone else, and so he'd gone down to his lab to play with the toys he was building for his new comrades and had gotten pretty lost and distracted in the whole endeavor, forgetting that he needed to remind Steve that he was going to have to put on the dancing monkey routine again. It was something that he'd confessed to Tony one night when it was just they two, a bottle of peach schnapps (don't judge; it was the only thing left in the bar), and a bonding session that had started out forced and had ended with them commiserating over their mutual experience of being thrust into a limelight that neither one really craved. Just because Tony was a natural at it didn't mean he loved it. He was just good at it because he'd been trained to be good at it from a young age. Steve had had a crash course in it during the war. It was something only they and they alone could understand. Barton and Romanoff were spies and, as such, were sheltered from it; Thor was a prince of some far away land, but Tony had the suspicion that his exposure to that limelight wasn't anything similar to what was seen on Earth; Bruce shied away from it. Only he and Steve had ever really known the limelight, the press, and the soul- crushing that went along with it.
Barnes made a face. "I know they say it's natural, but it still is pretty disgusting." Tony arched an eyebrow at him, and Barnes cracked a slow-spreading grin. "Well, you gotta admit," he said, "it is."
Steve swallowed and nodded. "Loud and clear."
"When did you get married?"
"What does that have to do with the Avengers?" Steve asked, but he was being
Steve turned to Barnes and Wilson like he was considering something, and both men yelled out, "
"You're getting married tomorrow?" Natasha asked, a leading tone in her voice.
too old for me. If anything, I'm probably a
She turned her attention to Tony and smiled at him, reaching out to brush her fingertips against Tony's cheek. "Perfect. So very perfect. You shall wear it well," she said and dropped her hand. "But you always do, don't you? And you glow. Even so early on, you glow, a new life growing inside you. You should feel so honored. Not many of your kind have the privilege of experiencing such a thing."
"Jesus, Stark," he said with a loud groan and dropped it with a 'thud.' "How the fuck heavy is this thing?"
"What do you
She nodded. "That which has already been written cannot be changed."
: I actually debated whether or not to post this chapter because Tony has a dream in this one where he's, for all intents and purposes, raped. It's just a dream, but it's described in part. Also, I'm not sure Tony's method of dealing with the squicky feelings it leaves behind is the healthiest.
Luckily, Steve had the same level of morbid curiosity as he did, and during a moment of quiet when Olivia was napping and the other Avengers were occupied elsewhere, they sat at the island in the kitchen, a bottle of milk and two glasses between them.
"Nothing."
"Yeah?" he said and, he and Steve each holding the plate, he broke off a small piece of the slice with his fingers and added, "What makes you think we'll be socializing with any of you losers in fifty years? Sugar bear doesn't count." He nodded at Rhodey. "He's never getting rid of me."
— that Peggy had caught him with, and there was that fellow… So, Steve hadn't done much kissing in his life, but it was apparent that Tony more than made up for what Steve lacked, and he went with it, wet and bruising and somehow the most intimate thing he'd ever done. He dropped his arms and put his hands to Tony's hips, grounding Tony just as much as Tony grounded him. It felt familiar somehow, like he had done this numerous times before, and he only pulled back at the sharp 'rip' that came from the corner of the room.
Steve rocked his hand a few more times then gently pulled Tony's hand away, his fingers sliding out with a disgusting and yet provocative squelch. He took Tony's used fingers in his mouth and sucked them clean, and Tony totally didn't mean for the surprised little moan that slipped out of his mouth at that.
Their eyes did a dance together, brown locking in with blue, and Steve flexed his fingers a little possessively over Tony's abdomen before he choked out a sort of laugh and broke the gaze to look down at where his hand lay.
"For him? That is totally a chance I'm willing to take."
"You can take the boy out of 1940s Brooklyn—"
Bucky sat back and shook his head. "I told you, I am fine where I am. Unruly five-year-olds on a school trip and asshole teenagers looking for a place to make out are about as stressful a level as I'm willing to handle."
"Please stop tasting yourself."
Olivia began to fuss in Pepper's arms, and Pepper gasped and said, "I didn't do anything! Honest!" as she tried to give some comfort to the newly-squawking baby shaking unhappy fists in the air.
"Uh, and this is not innuendo in any way, but I'm gonna need you to take that shirt off so I can get at that arm."
"Looked?"
"Likewise."
And yet.
So, Steve had rounded up the gang and begged them to stay at the mansion that holiday, and they'd spent all of Christmas Eve decorating and baking and cooking and singing raunchy and off- key versions of seasonal tunes, and it was sometime in that evening when the tree was finally up and they were tipsy from eggnog, and Thor was regaling them with some Scandinavian tale of the Yule Goat, and he could still hear Bucky's indignant and slurred voice saying, "
"Huh?" she asked through a mouthful of cheese and sauce.
The pipes creaked a little from disuse, and he waited for the disgusting squelch of brown water to make its way through the pipes before it began to run clear, and he stripped down as he waited for the water to warm up. He tried to get a good look at himself in the mirror — not to check himself out but to see if anything noticeable had changed as of late — but the mirror was one of those small cabinet jobs kind of high up on the wall, and so he could really only get the bust of himself and nothing below that.
"No," Steve said and shook his head.
"Why are you insecure about it?"
"Papa's always like that!" she said like they should know better. "He's the one tha' feeds us 'n' makes sure we gots stuff. Right, Papa? You're Daddy's little homemaker. That's what you say."
" he said, choked, because oh, god. Oh, god, what if— What if something happened? What if something was happening? What if he was having a miscarriage right then and there? Oh, god, what if that nutcase was
"Why, you little—" Tony said as he stared down at her. "Five minutes ago, you couldn't be bothered."
"Watch you don't get any crumbs on the furniture, big guy."
He gasped but didn't lift his head as he felt Steve push into him again, and he felt the warm release of Steve's seed as it spilled into him, his fingers digging into the headboard for purchase and to work through his own desperate need to just fucking
"They have good information on them," Steve replied. "You should be reading these more than I should."
"I did not—"
"The class," she replied and blew on his toes to get the coat to set. "Was it really that awful?"
," he murmured then shushed him again. "Just dance."
Tony shook his head and waved him off. "Don't worry about it. Gotta do what you gotta do. I'll be fine."
"I don't think it's the bottle I just gave her that did it."
Steve picked himself up a little. "You didn't come."
Tony turned to him, and he flattened his mouth a little as he reached out and patted Steve's firm chest.
"C'mere," he said, and DUM-E happily wheeled out of his charging station and over to the trio. "What? No, don't get excited. I'm not giving you a job to do. Last time I gave you a job, you ended up wearing the hat. You want to wear the hat again?"
"No," Pepper said definitively and got into the car with him, and when Happy slammed the door, she said, "Oh, shit. Maybe I should have said 'yes'?"
"What?" he said, looking between Natasha and Barnes.
"And sweetheart, don't forget that you…" He frowned some but rubbed soothing hands over Tony's back and shoulders. "You're not turning back."
that was now standing beside his car. "My parents, Steve. He murdered my parents. That— That
"Nope!" he cried. "Cut it! Mute it! Don't care. Don't want to hear from him. Don't want to hear his voice."
"JARVIS can do everything Friday can. Maybe even more," he said as he led her out of the workshop and over to the elevator.
Steve's still alive. It's crazy, all right? I know it's crazy but, we're soul mates, and I think I'd be the first one to know if Steve was, god forbid, dead. Well, second. Clearly, Steve would be the first one to know."
He reached up and wiped the tears away from his eyes, and he scowled and added. "Well, fuck, there goes my makeup."
She hesitated for the right word to use, and Bruce chimed in with, "Old-fashioned."
"Steve—"
"Wasn't it a severed head?" Barton asked and looked to the rest of the group for confirmation. Thor just looked puzzled, and Natasha shrugged, but Bruce said, "I don't think they actually
"Looks that way," Natasha said.
Barnes shook his head some more, arms still folded tight against his chest, and he scoffed and muttered, "I can't believe this," then looked at Tony again and said, "Did he happen to say
"Getting sentimental on me, old man?" Tony asked, startling Steve from his comfortable thoughts.
"Papa, you OK?" she asked in a small and worried voice, and Tony swallowed and slowly relaxed his defensive position before he was able to stumble his way back to the bed. He sat down on the edge, and Olivia — he finally recognized her as his alternate universe daughter — went to cuddle up beside him, but he caught hold of her and pulled her onto his lap and cradled her tight against his chest, wincing only a little from the push and tug of the arc reactor.
He blinked, frowning, and Esmeralda stepped away from him like it had all gone according to plan. He looked down at his hands like somehow they held the answer to everything then looked back up at Esmeralda and said, "Uh, did it work?"
He couldn't ignore it any longer. He looked down at his abdomen and marveled at the crazy thumping going on down there.
, it's still the afternoon."
"Me?" he asked and snorted a laugh.
Bruce set it down, and he sat down in the adjacent chair quietly and just watched as Tony finished re-bandaging his hand, and as Tony got back to his workstation and began the setup for the DNA scan, Bruce said, "What about an alternate universe?"
"I can't believe Clint caught the bouquet," Steve muttered but didn't look up from the tablet, and Tony snorted a laugh.
"Took you long enough," Tony muttered, but he twitched a smile at Steve to let him know he was teasing him.
before you go and weave your magic bullshit."
the case. I didn't actually know him before you and he got together, but I know him now, and man, he thinks the sun rises and sets with you. He thinks you can do anything. He thinks you're the smartest person he's ever known."
," he said, unable to get the actual word out.
Tony hoped it didn't show how much it hurt to hear Steve use masculine pronouns so easily when talking about the rambunctious little parasite growing inside of him.
…but Steve put his hand on his wrist and said, "It's too late to change."
"Eh," Tony said, "smallest you've probably ever seen is, what, a C6?"
could settle down for an afternoon nap, too). There was more to it than just him anymore, and it mattered how this conference played it. It mattered for the team and how effectively they could do their jobs, and it mattered for him and Steve and how much slander and libel would come from it and how much privacy they'd be entitled to from here on out.
Steve just shook his head again, and the poor, skinny kid from the tenement that he would always be deep down chafed at all the festive — and expensive — paper and bows that covered those presents. "Tony, it's just too much—"
It was later that night, when they'd all retired to their beds, that Steve had spooned up behind Tony, curling his arm around him and pulling him close, and finally understanding what Tony had been saying earlier without actually saying it, he'd whispered in his ear, "
Steve glanced around, and though they were in the bowels of the museum, Steve really didn't want to embarrass himself in front of any janitorial staff or other night workers.
Bucky went quiet as he contemplated this before he grumbled out an annoyed, "
"Yeah, yeah," Steve muttered and pulled the door open. He stood there expectantly as he waited for Tony to climb in, and knowing he wasn't getting around the determined six-foot super soldier crowding him in, he sighed and sat down in the passenger seat.
So, he decided to go search Brucie out to see what he was up to because, if nothing else, Bruce would provide a distraction of some kind for him. Working on his own projects was not exactly easy-going — it was difficult to concentrate, hence the half-finished projects he'd set aside in favor of countless hands of computer solitaire — but it was pretty easy to tell Bruce what he was doing wrong with
He clapped his hands in the air and said, "OK, fellas. It's show time."
" He motioned over himself. "Is pretty next to impossible."
"But I feel like I owe you an explanation."
Tony shot him a sour look. "Oh, well, thanks, Lieutenant Columbo—"
"Well, that's their problem. The public wants to know the truth, and we're telling them the truth. We can't force them to believe it."
Steve dropped his crust to the side then reached into the box for another slice. "And I told you. I would have been fine with it just being the two of us having dinner."
"It's not—" he started to say, but Barnes went back to his original thought.
"Where are you? Upstate New York."
"Look, kiddo," he said and stretched his muscles some, "I don't think we have any Lucky Charms in the house. You might have to settle for some of Uncle Bruce's muesli."
Bruce laughed some more, that nervous laugh that he had, and scratched the back of his head as he said, "There…was a bet of some kind."
"Really?  That's your concern?"
They hadn't, as it turned out. Volunteers for some offshoot of Extremis less stable than what Killian had been working with. From what Steve had said, not a pretty sight to walk into.
"That all depends on what you ask for," she replied, smiling up at him in that snide way that she had about her.
"Wait," he said, the dashboard lights glowing in the dim of the basement garage, "seriously?"
being the person that
Tony was enough to do things to his hindbrain that he ordinarily wouldn't be proud of, and fumbling like he was drowning and desperately trying to find purchase on dry land, he reached over Tony to the nightstand and wrenched open the drawer and felt around desperately for the little bottle of lube he swore he had seen in there just the other day.
this for ourselves. I hate that it was forced on us, and I hate that you bear the brunt of everything for it while all I can do is sit back and watch and tell you how amazing you are and how proud I am of you. But whatever it takes, we are going to get through this, all right? I know it's not the worst thing that's ever happened to anyone, and I know it's not even the worst thing that's ever happened to
"Are you sure about that?"
His eyes went a little wide in horror as Steve glanced over to Natasha and nodded at her, and Natasha's face went sober and serious as she nodded back and made her excuses to Pepper and Happy. She passed by Wilson, Barnes, and Barton on the way, snagging hold of Barnes's arm, dragging him away from whatever discussion, argument, or pissing match he and Wilson were currently engaged in — and this, of course, did nothing but give Wilson some hollow sense of victory if the proud nod and the grin were anything to go by.
He felt like he was wrapped up in a cloud.
James Buchanan Barnes. Bucky. Best pal of Captain fucking America — the man Howard Stark was convinced his own son could never live up to. Captain America's best pal Bucky had killed Howard—
"Tony, don't be obtuse," Bruce said. "You know what it means. No food or liquids for twelve hours. Just sips of water."
papa — would be right there waiting for her.
The Council members, chastised by a woman they dared not cross, filed into the small room, the last member of which closing the door behind him.
If he didn't know better, he'd swear her eyes went just the tiniest bit watery at that, like she was both humbled and warmed at the thought that Tony trusted her this much. She tightened her lips like she was trying to keep her emotions in check, and when she was seemingly able to, she smiled just the slightest, patted his cheeks, and said, "I hope James doesn't mind me scapegoating him."
"Mmm…" he said and forced his lips into something like a smile. "Thank you, doll baby."
Tony, how I knew you were still in there, were your eyes. They were the only thing about you that remained the same."
Bruce shot him a flat look. "You're not the only person in the world with that name."
"Yeah?"
Tony shrugged, his fingers moving over the surface like he was typing something more in. "More a code name than anything now, I think. I mean, you lead that band of freak show rejects that likes to call ourselves the Avengers, but 'Captain' is really just a honorary title at this point — same as Natasha and that asshole Barton are 'Agent' or Barne— uh, the one-armed man is 'Sergeant.'"
He glanced at the little girl in the back seat and focused his gaze on the stuffed toys in her hand. What had Tony called them? Revengers or something like that, wasn't it?
"Pretty much," Hill said.
She huffed. "Friday calls me 'Young Miss.'"
In response, he got a picture of Natasha with a pair of chopsticks in her hand, halfway to shoving a potsticker in her mouth.
Tony hummed again and said, "I love it when you get all righteous and civil-actiony."
"You do realize if this was a boy, he would have been your namesake, right?"
But he just shook his head and murmured that he was fine and, no, forget about it. Evidently, he'd been a little
Tony watched as Steve let out a heavy and frustrated exhale of breath, but Tony folded his arms and said, "I already let you have your way with the boy's name."
She just looked at him and nodded once like she was taking his comments into consideration and would weigh them with the evidence she'd collected, but she nodded her head toward the bed and said, "Sleep. I mean it. You're overtired, and you're not thinking straight. Have you heard from Steve since you left him— Incidentally, where did you leave him?"
Pepper blinked, and Tony could tell she'd put the pieces of the puzzle together, but she still wasn't seeing the picture it made.
Tony just stared down at her, horrified to admit that he
"You're not in trouble, Tony."
The others all shrugged their agreement with him, and Tony turned to Steve and said with a petulant whine, "
"Fixing your daughter's hair." He put a hand atop Olivia's head and said to her, "Gonna be good for your papa while your Uncle Rhodey is gone?"
Still, Tony forgot about the whole endeavor until Steve showed up that afternoon while he was sketching ideas for some sort of stretchy pants that Bruce could wear that would grow and shrink with him as needed. They exchanged pleasantries with each other, and DUM-E zoomed over to Steve once Steve produced the little bouncy ball he had hidden behind his back, and Steve said 'hello' to him, patted his arm, and then threw the ball in the opposite direction of anything valuable. DUM-E zoomed after it, beeping and whirring with delight, and Tony twitched his mouth and pursed his lips and said, "You're just giving him exactly what he wants."
“I am so proud of you.”
“How about we get you in a bath, wash some of this sweat off you.”
“You’re alright, just work through it, baby. It’s going to get a bit tough at first, but nothing painful, I promise.”
Tony.
“Tony?”
He had never felt so elated, body heavy in the sheets as he let the stress fall right off his shoulders. This was the best moment of his life, he felt so alive and he only wished he could join the conversation to tell them he did love darling. And sweetheart and everything Tony spent his time coming up with. He remembered when the man called him Pumpkin the entire week of Halloween and it filled him sweeter than a basket of candy.
“You can’t send me away, Tony.”
Tony.
“No.”
With a nod he let Bucky adjust him from the other side until he was sitting up.
The genius kept talking, babbled nonsense evening out the corners of the room as he fell heavily into the wall behind him. Exhaustion flooded through him and without anything holding him in place the trembling was painfully excessive.
“I’m not coming home.”
God, that tone was so familiar.. That voice burned emotion into his stomach and for a second he couldn’t fathom any other emotion rather than true peace. It honestly wasn't even registering in his mind until his face rubbed against another's skin and a sob smeared across the small space. The cry knocked a superheroes face into his mind, standing in a penthouse with a ring in his hand, staring up at him as if he hung every star in the sky.
It had been fourteen months and eleven days since he was left in that bunker and he still can’t come to terms that he was left behind. He knew that Barnes was his best friend, he even considered the man to be one of his first lovers, however Steve had always promised that Tony was his always and the man had believed him. He had believed him so much that he had proposed at that stupid park in Brooklyn, the one Steve had loved more than anything, and they promised to be together until they physically couldn’t be anymore. He had held him, been held by him, and felt like nothing in his life would ever come close to how fulfilled he felt in those moments.
Shaking his head he rolled over, throat rumbling in displeasure as he was pushed back and a body sat against his side. The build of an assassin sitting against his hip was too familiar and he felt pressure behind his eyes as his lips pulled into a frown.
“No.”
“You all done?”
There was a mask on his face the next time he woke up and his arms were too heavy for him to lift to remove it. The presence of the glasses were still there and he felt needles all over his skin. His finger was pinched between plastic and before he could focus on anything stronger there was a hand against his cheek.
“Punk, stay still.”
Staring toward the window he refused, fingers tightening in the quilt without an ounce of guilt. He told them he didn’t want to do this.
“Listen, prude-”
Turn around.
Under the weight of a new person, the mattress dipped, arms bracing themselves around him as the familiar face dove around the corner. He stared at Steve with such love, such protection and it was then that Steve knew he figured it out.
“And why can’t you?”
“You have to trust me. I love you- No, don’t turn away- I love you, Steve. I love you .”
The smile was so wide, it grew his a couple sizes and a couple splashes later brought Bucky into the room.
He gave a moment of silence that ran too long.
He doesn’t know how long they laid there, but he does know that by the time he came back down to earth he was curled into a familiar chest. Inhaling the world around him he opened his eyes to the darkers ones ahead, the tired ones staring right back down his way. There were no words needed and by the time he took a breath to speak the older man beat him to it.
“Because I want you to go there.”
All the names clashed at once, easing a bit of the tension as the two heroes began bickering to his right. They had to move sides for the time being and it wasn’t his natural side so it was a bit overwhelming to have to lean that way.
“Okay, we don’t have to talk about it. Do you want to get the bed ready for when I get home? Get me some sweats and a cup of water?”
PLEASE READ :
“Steve? Did you recognize anyone on that raft?”
A curl of ice cold shame shot through him, straight to his stomach as he forced a few words between his lips.
“Darling, look at me. Look!”
Shaking his head he denied it, reaching out and coiling his body against the raging temperatures.
“Can you hear me, baby?”
“No. The answer is no and I can’t rest until I know he is taken care of.”
“Hey, sweetheart, can you talk to me? Is everything alright?”
The question was simple. It almost made him want to answer, but he refused.
He didn’t need more time.
“Steve, you need to get your head out of there. That's not a good place, focus on me-”
The silence was more than an answer, Tony sitting up and shaking his head before throwing it in his hand.
The man’s face flooded through his mind, flashes of his nightmare shoving him into more silence before he could decide to speak.
He was done.
The hand stroking his back was full of suds, he could smell the body wash the moment the lid clicked apart.
“You have some fucking nerve calling me!”
The words fell into a sob, breaking him from his spell as he forced himself up from the bed. He needed to track this call. This was some sick joke, he must have been somewhere in the US. Was he giving himself up? Did Ross find him? Is he trying to get something out of this phone call other than a hello?
As he ran his thumb down a little farther he felt the first tear, his own heart skipping a beat as he felt an ache growing just under his lungs.
“I know.”
Finding his balance he let go of the railing, taking a few tentative steps before exiting the small walkway.
“Trust me when I say I am never leaving your side. You’re gonna have to literally pry yourself out of my hands before I even consider letting you go anywhere alone.”
“The doctor said your throat is healing, they did a bit of work and said it’s nothing permanent.”
“Steve, did you recognize anyone on that raft?”
They said it was a relapse.
Please, get me out.
She knew-
His hand tightened on the phone.
“Alright, up we go. Sorry Barnes, you gotta see all of America tonight.”
He does trust Tony, of course he does.
“I know, it’s been a long day, hasn’t it?”
He blinked at her. Hadn't he just been thinking about asking her…? "Yeah, OK," he said, deciding not to think about it too hard.
Steve's only response to that was to reach out and grab him to kiss him like he would never again have the chance, and when he pulled away, he murmured a breathy, "Square deal," and jumped up from the bed.
"What?" Barnes asked, faux innocence abounding as he set the empty milk container back on the table. "I got thirsty. There wasn't that much left."
Tony hummed a little in thought then said, "She understands more than she can say, but as you can hear, she tries to say as much as she can."
Steve frowned. "What, now? Are you sure you could—"
"It doesn't?" Steve asked, but there was a hint of a smile on his face.
" She sighed, though it sounded a little like a groan, too. "
. I really wish you'd start reading some articles, though."
Under 'employer,' he wrote 'self-employed' because it was kind of true. He was an Avenger, and he was the one funding and outfitting the Avengers even if Steve was the de facto leader. He skipped over the line about his 'preferred pharmacy' because his preferred dispensary was 'Bruce Banner,' but he knew he couldn't put that on a form. Insurance information he skipped as well because his insurance information was for 'Tony Stark,' and he was pretty sure Blue Cross wasn't going to approve payment for an obstetrician's visit for, well,
Like a shot, he was awake.
Barton snorted a laugh. "They're not smart enough to think that far ahead. They make it up as they go along. Probably enslave certain groups, reward other groups, make the rest of us cower in fear. I swear it's 'cause most of these guys have Daddy-issues of some kind. Have you ever seen one of these idiots that came from a loving and stable home?"
"You can't be serious!" the second man said. "Do you not know what this will mean for the realm if there is no heir apparent were the King to meet his God?"
"Papa, come see!" she cried in fearful desperation. "Someone tooked my bedroom. It's all gone!"
Honestly, what he needed to do was talk to Steve, but, at the same time, the last person he wanted to see right then was Steve. Steve had promised him the world and then only a few hours later had made his choice on who he was siding with, and it wasn't Tony. OK, maybe driving away like he had had been a
"Yeah," he said as he thought about it. "You're right. Talk about brush burn." And then he thought about the rather delicate area that could chance getting hurt and said, "Bush burn?"
"I'm just saying. In the dream, that's what happened."
He sprinkled some red sugar on a candy cane, and Tony stared another moment and said, "You're a goddamned troll."
Oh, god. He was a parent already.
Howard was being an ass as usual. They were going to the airport. He hadn't given it any thought. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary. He couldn't have known it would be the last time he'd ever see them.
"Yeah, right now you do. But what if you don't like it tomorrow, huh? What if you think it's yucky tomorrow? Then when it shows up, I have to tell the nice delivery men to take it back to the store because my screwy little daughter changed her mind."
did she just tell me to do?"
"You'd rather be surprised?" he asked then made a face as Bruce pressed down in a certain spot that made him wince and try to squeeze his legs together tighter to keep from having an accident of any kind.
"That was a long time ago," he murmured.
She pointed at the admittedly barren walls. "Daddy's pitchers. He has pitchers that he did of all the Avengers 'nd some other things like trees and skyscrapers. Did he sell them?"
movie — the good one, not the crap one — with Thor and Bruce taking up the other pieces of furniture. Barton and Romanoff, it turned out, had fucked off with Wilson to god-knows-where because there'd been a 'Bucky sighting,' and Steve had given them the go-ahead to check it out, leaving just the four of them for the duration.
"No, it's fine. It's fine. Next, you'll tell me sex wasn't invented in the '60s, either."
"Iron Man was just out a couple weeks ago—"
It wasn't all fun and games. They still struggled through the occasional sleepless night when Olivia just wouldn't settle down, happiest those nights to be cradled in either Tony's or Steve's arms, and they both spent their share of staring at the television at three o'clock in the morning and watching mind-numbing infomercials or really, really bad movies. On one particular night as they sat on the couch in the living area and stared at the TV that was airing some bad '80s historical sci-fi horror- thing that seemed to be doubling as a low-rent, soft-core porno, Tony mused to Steve, "You know, when I was a kid, the stations used to sign off for the night."
Tony grimaced a little and dragged the edge of his spoon around the bowl. "Maybe."
"Good. Because this body is mine. No one else gets you like this. No one else gets to see you like this. No one else gets to have you like this. This is something for me and me alone. No one else can have you, and no one else is going to get their hands on you. I promise."
Steve just tightened the arm he had wrapped around Tony, but he continued to read whatever was on the screen. "You know, it kind of hurts that you would even need to ask that question."
about the whole thing and would rather get checked out by someone I
"Back in a bit," he said with a wink, and Tony smiled then called out to him as he left the room, "Be careful! City's not completely up and running yet— And don't even think of getting involved in some humanitarian effort! Your family comes first, Steve!"
“How can I help?”
“I have worked with many patients, none the same, not even close. Each situation hits someone differently and if he’s not ready to share right now it’s okay.”
The sniper fell into a chair, eyes darting around at all the equipment before his facade fell just enough to see through.
“We have to leave the glasses on, they are gonna help you see without your eyes hurting.”
The eyes across from him were warm, promising and loving as they spun around him over and over again.
His skin shivered under the strokes of the towel and the will to stay awake was quickly leaking away. A part of him was needing to do it himself, he didn’t need someone treating him like a child, but by the time he gained the courage he was dressed and sprawled across the sheets.
He ignored the microphones in his face trying to get a story. New York times calling for a word despite the way he walked opposite their direction to inform police of what he saw when they were finally able to get to him.
Especially on days like this.
Barnes smirked, watching Tony swing a hand in his direction that screamed this conversation is over.
Why is he keep dragging on about this visit? Steve hated the doctor and this room and this beeping by his head- Why didn’t Tony understand that he just wanted to go home? He was tired of being locked up in rooms and cells every day.
The expression was unreadable.
“No!”
“Steve, what day is today?”
“Gentle, darling. This is the first bath and if I drop you they won’t let me do it again.”
“Is it someone here?”
“Good morning, Mr. Rogers-”
The voice faded away, drawing a harsh tug in his grip with attempts to keep him grounded.
Tony was on the bed, sitting in front of him as he pulled Steve’s face into his own shoulder.
“White.”
The empty space was no more concerning than the welted knuckles, punching bags destroyed just floors below after a panic attack took up his entire afternoon. He meant to talk to the man about it, but it just didn’t seem like it was the time. But now, he needed to hear words.
He would die before he went back. It was a thought he had every time he laid his eyes on the man sitting next to his bed. Currently the man was on his phone, typing away as if there was no tomorrow and the sounds were so soothing to listen to. Each bubble popped when his thumb hit the keyboard and if Steve closed his eyes he could picture himself lying on the couch as the man worked away in his workshop.
OK, so it wasn't
"Actually, they just took
The clerk raised an eyebrow at him. "His photo ID matches."
"Last-minute," Hill said with a shrug. "Can't be choosy."
option for Tony.
Tony was glad he hadn't taken a sip of his tea right before that. He would have spit it out all over Other Tony and Tracy.
. Steve Rogers was her father. He would always be her father on paper.
He put a fresh diaper on her, making sure to powder her as he did so, and he snapped the dark red MIT onesie back together and said, "Well, I guess you're down for the count," at the now-sleeping infant. "Now who am I supposed to play with?" he teased and picked her up to carry her over to the crib. He set her down then leaned over and kissed her forehead before he finished cleaning up the mess from the diaper-changing — and Tony said he was a slob that would gladly live in his own filth! — and went back downstairs.
Not in front of Bucky and Sam, anyway.
?" Bruce murmured in confusion, and even Rhodey seemed perplexed by the reference, stopping mid-bite to raise an eyebrow at Tony, and Tony gawked at them like they were both idiots and said, "Sprout. Jolly Green Giant's little helper? You're like Sprout to the Hulk's Jolly Green Giant."
"What? Did you get bored already?" Tony asked without looking up, but there was a tease to his voice.
He said that last one like a pout, and some of the fight went out of Steve yet again. He dropped his shoulders just the slightest and said, "I know, but—"
Steve. His old man-ness is starting to rub off on me. It's really disturbing. I think it's
"How 'bout something more  practical?"
him and wanted to be with him and had very happily created a life together with him. He knew Tony was right. Somehow, he knew it — whatever
traditional about our arrangement? Why would we start now?"
"But we
Steve, no matter how wonderfully rumbly and melodic Steve's voice was when he lay back, his head tucked under Steve's chin. Most of their classmates didn't pay attention — though there were a couple that did seem bemused by how
He formed the gauntlets to his hands and forearms and took one last look at his newly sleeping newborn. He leaned over, curling metal fingers over the side of the bassinette closest to him to steady himself before he pressed a gentle kiss to her little forehead, that soft, sweet baby scent wafting into his nostrils, enticing him to stay there with her and never, ever let her out of his sight because
"Always."
"I don't want to go back."
Natasha shook her head some, not letting up at all on the soothing strokes over his back. "No, I don't think he's mad at all. I think he feels absolutely terrible, and I know he's up there now blaming himself for everything that you're going through—"
Tony smiled and nodded then grabbed his bag and his tea and turned to leave,
"The Chancellor is his beloved and his lawful wedded. And so goes the Chancellor, so goes the King."
He jumped up from his chair, made his excuses, and ran to the lavatory, Bucky's laughter echoing through the granite, marble, and polished wood of the venerable old institution. He tried to cover himself to keep his embarrassment to nil, and afraid of chancing anything in the public men's restroom, he forced himself to go the extra distance to the employees' restroom down in the basement.
been that long!" he countered. "I didn't start doing this sort of shit until, like, two weeks ago."
She didn't say anything, just shifted a little to get more comfortable, and he murmured to JARVIS to lower the lights and put the shade at 75%. As JARVIS complied, he went over to the door and went to let himself out. Just as he was about to cross the threshold, he heard Olivia murmur, "When's Daddy comin' home?"
"Atrocious," he muttered to himself and didn't know if he meant Barton's spelling, grammar, or insistence that he was right that the little acrobat thumping against his insides was a girl.
Tony raised an eyebrow. "I'm sensing a 'but' here."
Without a sound, the song faded out, and another one took its place. It took Tony a few moments to recognize it, and once he did, he sighed a little and shook his head and said, "JARVIS, you're pathetic."
"Yeah, well," he said and patted Tony's shoulders, "what he meant it as and what I took it as are two entirely different things."
"Um...well, I wouldn't hold your breath, as your kind likes to say, but I wouldn't get too comfortable, if I were you."
"I made you do it the last time, too. You just don't remember because you were freaked out about dying," Bruce murmured, but Tony ignored that and instead looked at the doctor for instructions to the nearest restroom.
That was Tony's slip-up. If it was 2015, then why was Hydra still in any way in existence? No way the Commandos would have given up the fight, and no way the Red Skull could still be alive.
"Mmm… Yeah, you will," he murmured and went into the adjoining bathroom. He closed the door behind him and thought about turning the lock but then decided against it. He did actually brush his teeth because, gross, both the sub and the orange juice, and then he stood there a moment and grinned as he plotted out his little masquerade.
exactly the body I've had for my entire life. I mean, yeah, some of the moles are in the same spot— Steve can attest to that."
"You believe it?" Steve asked.
"Fuck," he muttered and stuck his palm in his mouth to suck up the blood. "Fuck."
"Because," he said and flipped a few switches, "I…might be a bit more traditional than I want to admit."
Bruce groaned and threw his arms up and said to no one, "Why do I even bother?"
It had hurt, breaking up with Tony. He'd repressed it, closed off that part of himself, tried not to let himself think about it, but it was like a shadow always following him, like a cloud always hanging over his head. There was a part of him that wished he hadn't been so in love, had broken up with Tony because he'd moved on. It was selfish, of course, but Steve could admit there were times that he wasn't as selfless as he pretended to be, especially when it came to Tony. He gave to Tony, yes, but he also took from him, and gladly. Took Tony's love, Tony's confidence, his humor, and his care. Because Tony cared — good lord, how Tony cared. Because Tony always looked out for him, wanted him to be safe, wanted to give him the world. Because though he didn't say it, Steve knew that Tony allowed himself to be vulnerable with him in ways he wouldn't allow even to Rhodey. Because he knew that he made Tony feel
Maybe, after all this time, he was truly on the path to getting his best pal back.
Tony just blinked, and he took the helmet off so he could look Steve in the eye, but not before he exchanged a perplexed look with Barton and said, "Steve, if I hadn't, you would have stayed there until that goddamned building collapsed on top of both of you."
related to the pregnancy?"
It was all he could concentrate on during the extremely late lunch or very early dinner (depending on how one looked at it) the others held in their honor at one of the more exclusive restaurants in the city, someone having footed the expense for a private dining room (and evidently the expense to pay off the wait staff as well; it was nice to know his hard-earned money was going to worthwhile endeavors). He couldn't even pay attention to the toasts or the conversations because he was too busy sitting there, his hand on his abdomen as he tried to feel that motion again — that strange fluttering that was equal parts foreign and comforting to him. He couldn't even appreciate how handsome Steve looked in his uniform (had he mention lately how fucking
Rhodey sat there, almost like he was pondering this and trying to figure how he wanted to phrase exactly what he wanted to say.
"Draw 'n' play with my dolls 'n' play games."
"Say, J, just out of curiosity, where's Steve?"
to have been some parallel universe!) but supposedly helped
"Yeah, sure, Stark," Barton said with a laugh. "You wait here, and I'll go call up the local NOW chapter."
"Yeah, well, look, I did the club thing," he said as they climbed a set of steps — steps, fucking
Tony nodded, thankful for the distraction from the distant echoes of a life that was never his. "All of us, babe," he said and patted Steve's arm. "Don't think you're special here."
Steve grinned at him, slyly but with a sharp element of protectiveness. "They lay one finger on you, the sons-of-bitches won't know what hit them."
"It might suffice," the clerk said with a small shrug.
He climbed the steps to the second floor and went into the bedroom. The lights came up on entry, and Tony closed the door behind him and let out a heavy breath. He went over to the dresser and grabbed the pajamas he'd neatly folded and put away that morning (Steve's pajama bottoms were still bunched at the foot of the bed), and he stripped off that day's ensemble. He set it on the chair beside the dresser then stood in front of the mirror, looking at his body in nothing but a bra and a pair of underwear. He was getting used to the shapely woman that stared back at him, but — he reached down and put a flat palm against the ever-growing swell of his lower abdomen — he wasn't sure he'd ever really get used to
"Mmm… I could buy them a presidential election. Just don't know who would run as president and who would run as vice pres."
She laughed and let her hand fall from his face, her fingers lightly tracing over his cheek as it did so. "You still have so much to learn," she said, but there was an odd note of fondness to her voice. "All right, Man of Iron," she said and stepped away from him. "If you wish it to be so, I will change you back. I only ask one thing of you."
He grimaced and said, "Yeah, but—"
male."
It wasn't that he didn't trust Steve; he did. But he knew the risks, and he ran the variables, and while Steve worried about his teammates and urged them not to take any unnecessary risks, he was lax with his own safety to the point that every single person on the team as well as Wilson had called him out on his ridiculous hypocrisy. And what did Steve do when confronted with it?
The one bad thing about having long hair was that it took quite a long time to air dry, and so he ran some styling balm through it and pulled out the hair dryer and set to work blowing it out. The other thing was that his hair was such that if he didn't use any sort of product in it, then it looked like shit, and it added a little more weight to his hair (which was thick and heavy enough the way it was), but he had to admit it looked damned good when he did it.
Steve wasn't sure he wanted to know what that meant, so he brushed it aside and nodded at the mess. "How 'bout we finish this up and… I don't know. What's on the agenda for the rest of today?"
he said in response was, "Yeah." What he
Tony 'humphed' a little and said, "Thought for sure you'd go with the other one."
"Well, what's wrong with that?"
, "I'm not proud of it — and don't think I'm making a habit of this — but, uh, I kind of had to hit on him."
"James Anthony," he replied and, for not the first time, he just didn't
Natasha simply rolled her eyes and accused him of being paranoid when he tried to get her to level with him later that afternoon, and Barton just snorted a laugh and agreed with Natasha's assessment when he finally sank to the level of trying to ask the birdbrain about it.
"Is that what that was?" Steve mused.
Steve glanced over to him, confusion and astonishment drawn over his face. "Who would ever agree to that?"
So was Hydra.
"What? No!" Tony cried as Steve got out of the bed. "Steve, what did I just tell—?"
He made his way back over to the table, and he saw Steve sitting there hunched over and staring at something in his hands. He knew without a doubt it was the sonogram photo, and he twitched a smile and muttered, "Fucking sap," then went over and slid back into his chair.
"Not exactly. You yelled 'shit' and then it sounded like all hell broke loose."
"Livestock. Produce. Generally just the things we eat. I mean unless, of course, it's a Christmas tree farm. You can't
"Now you're quoting Carly Simon songs?" Wilson asked as he filled another balloon with helium. Steve watched him do this and sighed a little.
He stripped off his clothes and thought about burning them, but instead he balled them up and dropped them on the floor and jumped into the shower to wash the feel of baby vomit off him. He'd already showered earlier in the day, but that spit-up was pungent stuff, and he swore he could feel it soaking into his pores, having eaten through his shirt long before.
The man shook his head, leaving his hiding space to drop a kiss across the soldiers cheek.
He felt his chest growing tighter, lungs intertwining against his will as his hands began to twitch. His eyes burning at the first ball of emotion and he weakly shook his head as he was pulled deeper into a chest. He wanted to scream, he wanted to call out until he lost his voice again, but most of all he just wanted to see the man’s face. All he wanted in these last moments was to see his husband and he couldn’t even say the man’s name. His mouth fought against his awareness and he wanted to sob and scream and beg; He needed to say something and promise something, to apologize with everything in him- but he couldn’t. And that killed him. It was enough to bring him to his knees and within seconds he was just about there.
Without the lights he knew that no one else was locked away in this underground chamber, that he was the only one and it let him attempt to sleep at night. His suffering was saving lives
“Tell me what the fuck is going on. Now.”
“Not the first, probably not the last. At least you had the sense to keep something on-”
There was a dark chuckle, but he paid it no mind as he shuffled uncoordinatedly through the halls. Getting up a few steps were difficult, but the smell of the ocean almost brought tears to his eyes. Although he was too dehydrated for that and the swelling behind his eyelids brought him pain. Rather he let himself take in a breath deep enough to hurt and listened to the crashing waves with longing for the beach. He saw flashes of Coney Island, of Malibu where Tony raced him across the pool, of Peggy watching him train at Camp Leigh despite the need to be elsewhere. Birds were screaming and wind was heavy and he fell limp, partly because of the experience, but mainly because his legs gave out and he had no strength to hold himself up. But, it was okay. He knew it was okay, these were his last days.
going to be a girl, so why bother worrying?"
Thor shook his head. "Nay, I… I am sorry to inform you that she has once and for all been vanquished from the realms."
Though reluctant to let the newborn go, Tony still allowed Bruce to weigh and measure and otherwise examine her. According to his calculations, she was a healthy newborn girl measuring twenty-two inches and weighing exactly nine pounds, twelve ounces. Everything about her was absolutely textbook perfect, and when Bruce handed her back to Tony to hold again, the baby now wrapped in a fluffy white towel, he said, "I don't know if that's the serum, the genes, or the spell. Maybe it's some combination of all three."
"No, I'm kinda comfortable. I mean, unless you're really dying to see Nat giving Stevie's princess a pedicure."
Steve hit the button. “You know, you really don’t have to. You could wait down here. I’ll get her calmed down, and then we can pick up where we left off.”
Steve had not agreed that going to the beach was the more appropriate option.
"She's never done this before," Tony said, the first coherent thought that was able to form in his mind.
“OK,” Stark muttered from the table, “this is total, one hundred percent overkill.”
"Are we also forgetting the part where I'm pregnant?"
getting hit with polio?"
"It's exactly what it looks like," he said as Steve grunted out his hundred-fifth pushup. "Steve's doing pushups, and I'm sitting on top of him to make it a little harder for him— The
He shook his head at the waste of colorful and expensive-looking wrapping paper and turned his attention to the fireplace mantle, where three stockings hung: an almost-generic-looking one with the name 'Steve' written in glitter, an older one that looked a little worn and well-used with 'Tony' sewn onto it, and finally the most personal-looking one, a hand-crocheted job with 'Olivia' etched into it. Only Olivia's stocking had anything in it (Steve would go so far as to say hers was over- stuffed). His and Tony's were completely empty and evidently there only for show.
I understand it was only because you wanted to get in his pants, but I figure why change things?"
"You may have to do it right here."
He wouldn't say he actively hated himself, but after the taste of youth and beauty, it was hard to go back to this run-down old jalopy. Did Steve actually like him this way? Prefer him this way? He couldn't. No fucking way. He was an old man this way, his best days long behind him, the wrinkles, the pudgy midsection (especially compared to Steve's rock-hard, washboard abs), the gray at his temples. How could Steve possibly prefer him like this?
Steve smiled some, and he reached out and grabbed a plate of eggs and said, "I remember, back when I was a kid and we didn't have much money, you'd scrape together the change to go see a matinee or something, and even during the Depression, the movies would be all about these wealthy people with these amazing apartments on Park Avenue and— I mean, you know it was just a Hollywood soundstage, but they were just so… I used to fantasize. Not that I ever actually thought it would happen to me, but I used to think about how swell it would be to lounge around in a place like that and not really worry about money. Get myself mixed up with some dizzy dame that was nuts about me—"
"Eh," he said with a shrug and scratched at the back of his head. "You know, she was a kid. I mean, it's hard to
"Do you think she knew? That Steve was going to… You think she knew that? You think that's why she did this?"
"No, it's fine," Steve said, trying to work past the awkwardness. "Glad to see you remember I'm not a cheap date."
Then reached out and began to tickle the ever-loving fuck out of him.
, even with all of this, throughout
"Steve?"
And Tony… Steve was good. Steve was very good. Steve was phenomenal. Hell, he'd volunteer Steve to teach a class on cunnilingus if he didn't think it would probably break some moral decency laws. But he'd heard it mumbled over the years that only a woman seemed to know what worked for her own body, and, truth be told, Tony kind of believed that. Because while Steve was
"I was just thinking," he cut in before Steve could get too nervous, "that every time you do that — every time you come inside of me — all I can think is,
before he gave only the slightest roll of his eyes and surreptitiously held up seven fingers.
Steve glanced down at the pajama bottoms that both he and Tony wore. "Do other people buy this stuff or just us?"
"Uh, I thought dear, old Uncle Sam is his first love?"
He swallowed, taking in the surrounding sight of Tony's gift to him — a gift he didn't think he could ever top — and he opened and closed his mouth a few times before he said a quiet, "Tony, I can't... I can't accept this."
He rubbed his belly and went into the adjacent bathroom to do his morning business, and once he finished, he padded out to the kitchen where he found Steve clattering the cookware as he attempted to do…something.
Steve just looked at him but didn't say anything. Was he telegraphing his moves that badly, or did Tony just know him that well?
He took a deep breath.
It wasn't lost on him that, gifted with this appearance, he bore a superficial similarity to Steve's first love. And, as the saying went, you never forget your first. But the height, the coloring, the build, the attitude — he was a poor man's Peggy Carter. Of course Steve would be attracted to him this way. Of course Steve would like him this way. Of course Steve would probably want him to stay this way.
"Your text. You said you wanted me to do something for you when you got home?"
"Cap—"
Steve met his gaze again but didn't deny Tony's insinuation. Instead, he said, "I was used to loss, you know? Never knew my dad. Ma died. Didn't have anyone else besides Bucky and his family. I mean, there was Peggy, but she… Then Buck— And then I put the plane into a nosedive. Thought I was going to die. Ended up waking up so far into the future there was nothing of my life left for me. Everyone was dead or— And then came the Avengers. And you. And even though I can still remember that dream and how
“I just want everything to stop.”
Steve was sitting on the guest floor when Tony found him, legs crossed and knees just about pressing at the large windows that took up the entire wall. New York was shining in his eyes, grasping his attention as his hands fell to rest in his lap. Between sparkling lights, cars gliding across the streets and helicopters buzzing loudly through the skies, the soldier was too wrapped into the scenery to even notice the man coming up behind him.
“Are you alone then?”
“Steve?”
“Tony..!”
“What?”
“Theres a bug. It was hydra, but he said he and I know that means someone was there we don’t know about. They said that raft was shut down after the whole incident with- No. Barnes we have to figure this out!”
“Sorry- I’m not upset with you, I know you can’t control it. I just wish the signs were a bit more clearer, that's all. Maybe we should see her today-”
The next session he struggled, but thirty minutes in he took a deep breath, snatching his hands from Buckys who was in placement of another.
“What's going on?”
“How about we not cuss like sailors during his first visit.”
Of course he could.
“Darling, you can focus on me?”
“It’s already late, Tony..”
There was a dark chuckle.
The glasses have been gone for a week or so now, his baths have been under a little more of his control. He’s been interacting with the two more since his hands have stopped shaking and his head isn’t as clouded.
“Yes or no?”
They didn’t like him using a straw so Tony helped guide the cup, having Steve tap his fingers when he’s had enough. The substance was cold, it felt nice and soothed a bit of the dryness in his throat. Tony and Bucky had pushed him into ice cubes, however the flavor was the first time he’s tasted anything in what felt like a lifetime.
Please let me know if you like it, however I want you to keep in mind I am NOT a doctor so as we continue to read let's ignore all the medical advice that it probably not true.
He ruined so many lives and Steve was called in to stop him because he was off missions and he was closest to the scene.
“I’ll be there in twenty minutes, the mission can be covered without me. Do you want anyone else?”
He sounded so distressed, genuinely hurt as if seeing Steve this way shattered his heart.
She knew nothing.
“I shouldn’t have to. Stop and focus, what if I was self-harming-”
It wasn’t a man from another planet trying to gain control of their own. It wasn’t a robotic being programmed to take them down at all costs. It wasn’t a war-ridden human desperate to avenge the loss of their family in response to another war that had taken place.
“Now, about your doctor. We are going to work on your new therapy today, remember?”
The line cut.
“Morning.”
“That's not what it revolves around in order to be considered. We have talked about this and you know exactly what I am trying to get at here.”
“Steve, just answer the question.”
“Back to bed. Now.”
“Where is he by the way?”
“Why are you telling me this?”
Shaking his head he refused, bundling in the sweater that still wrapped loosely around him.
A grunt escaped his lips, causing him to tense, unnoticed by the man still speaking in his ear. He tried following it, a small whimper expanding in his lungs and next thing he knew he gasped out a soft cry echoing around the room.
“You know that Hydra does things like this to hurt others, not because they are doing the right thing by getting back at bad people. They are not the law, they don’t have authority. Especially not over you.”
“Easy, baby, hey- Steve!”
“How’s it tasting?”
“This isn’t funny! Tell me where you are!”
“And I mean it, you do not stop no matter what, no matter what they say.”
Bucky-
The robotic voice above dared to seem concerned, spitting out numbers and functions as another body curled around him and tugged his face into a shoulder. Without hesitation he held tight, arms wrapping around the stomach and breathing in the aura that was Tony.
“You look exhausted, Sweetheart.”
He couldn’t face his team, not like this.
The smile on his face was wide, Bucky’s almost identical as he ran a hand across his chest.
“You’re safe, me and Bucky are right here, watching over you. Nothing is happening, just a nightmare.”
“I love you, Tony. I love you more than I thought I could love someone. You mean everything to me and I hate that I can’t hold you. I hate that I left you there and that I’ll never be able to see your face again. You are the only person who can change things, who can make a difference and that's why I need you to get Buck. You need to be the one to tell him that i’m dead.”
The first thing he was going to say was thank you to Tony for bringing a thicker blanket. It was the quilt that Pepper got as a christmas gift all those years ago and he forgot how weighted and warm it was until this moment. As it was tucked around him he took time to focus on the man doing it, Tony’s eyes tired and wrinkled in stress as he mumbled a song under his breath.
Pepper frowned and set her drink down. "Maybe a club wasn't the best place to bring you—"
But she just smiled and shrugged. "Again, what fun is there in that? Remember our bargain," she said with a knowing nod.
"Honey, I love you. You know I'd go to the ends of the universe for you, but you are a
Tony just blinked. "But you
"This," he said as he sat back down and held the thing out to him, "is a next-generation Starkphone. Not even on the market yet. Still a prototype."
He— Wait,
And his own fucking husband was back there with him. Where he wanted to be — where he'd always wanted to be. Because...
Steve sighed a little but pulled away from Tony, and he kept his attention on Natasha and said, "How much longer are you going to be?"
He shrugged then said, "It's human, right?" At Bruce's questioning look, he added, "May have sat through a couple viewings of
Tony finished his juice and reached over to set the glass on the coffee table, jostling Steve only the slightest bit to do so. He plucked the glass from Steve's hand and set it beside his empty one then snuggled down more into the couch and put tight arms around him, his fingers working their way back into Steve's hair.
Barnes was quiet, which was fine because Steve more than made up for what Barnes wasn't saying.
"Hey, Steve?" Tony asked after a moment of light, languid kisses.
"He's aware of it," he said, the armor giving the impression of folding its arms.
"No!" Steve said, disbelief flooding his voice. He got up and made his way over to the screen. "I saw it at the World's Fair," he said and inspected the black, rectangular box. "Didn't look like this."
"Why shouldn't I find you attractive in this body?"
Tony sat back and practically gawked at him. "Are you asking me if it's OK for you to hold your own child?"
He was finally allowed to go back up to the penthouse once Bruce felt that the threat of hemorrhage or anything of the kind was over. He'd thought it would be a relief to be able to go up there and relax with his newborn in his arms, but upon being wheeled onto the floor (Bruce had snagged him a wheelchair for transport like the good doctor that he was but kept insisting that he really wasn't), he felt Steve's ghost — for an entirely different reason than his supposed 'death' — like a weight on his chest.
"Fine," he said and moved onto the next blank space. "Date of birth? Uh… What do I…?"
"He's a passive-aggressive prick, isn't he?" Barnes mused, and Tony rolled his eyes.
remembered it might happen right before we went to bed. The one that's had my back in every battle we've fought together since Asgardian Ken's deranged little brother opened up the alien wormhole over my goddamned tower. The one that's talked me down from more ledges than I care to recall at this moment. The one that puts up with all my crazy shit even though he doesn't have to and, let's be honest, could probably do better than an almost- middle-aged mechanic with a very expensive hobby.
Steve just sat there, slouched in his chair, looking at Tony out of the corner of his eye like he was just
"Honey, it's the truth. Look, let's just forget about that, OK? You always get pissy when you start convincing yourself that you've robbed the cradle—"
They couldn't even be bothered with the illusion of humoring him, and instead, Natasha spread some jelly on a slice of toast and said, "So, what are you planning on wearing for your big day?"
here? Didn't he see the 'employees only' signs?
"Whatever," Tony said. "J, take us down to Steve's old floor."
"It wasn't. It's just— 'Cap' is the shell, but 'Steve Rogers' is the guy that really matters, and a lot of people wouldn't be able to get past that because they'd go to bed with 'Cap' and wake up with 'Steve' and—"
"Yeah, all of those are
He wasn't sure what to expect when he got downstairs. He didn't expect all the lights and festive decorations, that was for sure, and he didn't expect high-pitched giggles and low, rumbling chuckles. He didn't expect a voice that said, "No, no, wait for Daddy to get downstairs. Daddy's been looking forward to this for weeks." He stopped in the foyer and just listened for a moment. Obviously, Tony hadn't cottoned to the fact that he'd already come downstairs, and he waited to see if this Tony would slip up and say anything he shouldn't. Instead, all he got was, "Now, what the hell station is
He thought about asking if Howard was dead — Tony did say '
He hummed a little and stared at the container, but then he noticed a bottle of Hershey's syrup on the door, and he grabbed that and the milk and closed the door.
He grabbed a pair of pajama bottoms out of a drawer and put them on. He'd go down to the lab. He'd tinker. Maybe he could figure out some way of fixing himself the old-fashioned way. With actual science, not fucking magic mumbo-jumbo.
He considered this a moment — it really didn't sound all that far-fetched to him — then said, "What would your Steve say to that?"
She extended her hand and introduced herself, but Tony wasn't paying attention because she wasn't talking to him and he was too busy watching the barista get his order together. He pursed his lips and scowled as he determined that they hadn't put a generous enough helping of whipped cream on his beverage, and he hoped that whatever Pepper had tipped them when she'd paid — if she even had tipped them — was less than adequate. He should have asked for extra whipped cream. He
But of course they would be 'deceased.' He was almost seventy years into the future. By rights
Tony sighed a little and rolled his eyes. "Look," he said and adjusted the baby's weight in his arm, the baby happily gumming on her hand, "she's too young to realize what it even means, but it's still her first Christmas, and she's our first baby, and I'm pretty sure good parents do stupid shit like this with their first-borns."
"So?"
"Was it— Did you—"
"Huh?"
"Don't tell me you smoked."
Tony was a distraction.
"Uh," he said and looked around then grabbed a handful of toilet paper from the roll. "No! No, I, uh, I got it. I mean I'm OK. I mean—"
Steve has never laid one finger on this man in his life, but now I'm starting to think, I don't know,
"Uh, yeah," Barton said, sounding just a shade unsure about what he was saying. "I fix up…old houses."
"That's
Several women nodded their agreement with this.
, he was juiced up with steroids, which shrinks your junk, so, maybe it's like a little three-inch nub," he mused and wiggled his index finger as a demonstration.
"Did he? Think I remember when he died." He went quiet a moment then shrugged. "Anyway, it just… It wouldn't be the same going there now, I don't think."
Allowed to look like the tubby old slob he was.
"Jesus, these fuckers don't want to quit, do they?" he muttered.
But Steve just put a finger to his own lips to shush Tony, and Tony sat and watched as Steve tapped out the rhythm to the song as he gunned it up the highway, signs for the Henry Hudson Parkway in the distance.
"What's all this bullshit about?" Steve snapped, his patience clearly long gone.
"Yeah, you know what happens when you 'assume,' right?"
like Tony. Looked like him, yes, but acted like him? No. And it wasn't Pepper, either, though hearing her call Tony's girlfriend 'An' Pepper' had already laid that question to rest, and he didn't envy either one of them in the least at the moment.
"And what?"
He took a sip, jostling a bit as Steve cuddled closer, and Natasha muttered a swear under her breath as the brush slipped and painted a red splash on the side of Tony's toe. She looked up at Steve and said a cool and even, "I'm busy. Fondle him later."
Steve sighed a little as he stood at the back and looked over the menu posted above. "You shouldn't have that much caffeine."
Tony pointed at the sheet of paper. "Look what they're asking about! That's— What— How— I mean, is it
Tony rolled his eyes and shook his head some. "I wouldn't call Happy 'uptight.'"
"Well, at the moment, he physically is not. I mean, I might still think of myself as a man. I don't know. It's kind of hard to really— But physically, yeah,
"You won't want it tomorrow."
Maybe there'd been something to his
"Boiling the flavor out of everything?" Steve said and went over to where Olivia lay in the carrier. He gently and carefully picked her up, making sure not to jostle her too much, then cradled her against his broad chest, one hand supporting her head while the other supported her tiny bottom. Tony watched a moment as he swayed a little with her, murmuring something to her before he bowed his head to brush his lips against the crown of her own small head, and Tony smiled as he watched her little eyes finally flutter shut as she relaxed in the secure embrace of her daddy.
"You know, you're heavier than you look," he told her, and she just babbled and turned her head in the direction of the door. "Oh, you want to go back downstairs, do you? See what your…other dad is up to. Are we both 'Daddy'? How does that work?"
bit suspicious?"
Steve just sighed and shook his head a little.
"Mmm... I've never heard Captain America squeak before."
Tony blinked at him. "I'm sorry,
"Wait, did you think I was asking you to join me and Steve for a threesome?"
And then, it turned it out, he was just an ass.
Steve shrugged and got to his feet. "Dunno. Guess we'll figure out something."
did."
"You wanna buy some candy, old man?" Tony asked with a leer. Steve frowned as he pulled open the door.
"It's OK. If you'd rather have the Hulk—"
Pepper, oh, dear, sweet Pepper, in a fit of curiosity befitting her inebriation at that club they'd gone to back in the spring, just said, "Does it
