They were going to trade with that asshole? But if Cas sent the chip to Dean instead of allowing Luci to use it as a bargaining tool, that meant that Cas had something else in mind for Crowley. His mind flashed back to the conversation he’d listened to in Gabriel’s club… Cas didn’t have something else in mind--he had some
“That’s it,” Dean soothed. He wasn’t sure why, but he needed Cas to trust him like this, to feel safe in his arms.
Castiel’s mind skipped back to the recording, to what Brady had said.
“He made it clear, Sammy. He doesn’t want me.” The obvious pain in Dean’s voice cut Castiel to his core.
Now Cas gets a visitor.
The cat, which had somehow snuck in the back, meowed loudly, plaintively. Cas rolled his eyes again and opened the door.
It was obviously shocked, if its little
... Castiel had only ever seen them in sketches, because they did not grow here. They did not grow anywhere
in my soul,” he responded then gently took the sack from her, now cradling it against his own torso, and looked at Dean. “We must go.”
The team watched as the cloud descended to reveal a short woman wearing a pink mumu.
“That's the money shot,” Mary determined as she leaned over to show her phone to Naomi next to her. Naomi chuckled and nodded her approval.
Well, almost nothing to worry about. Brady’s phone call in the middle of the night was upsetting, sure, but after Dean had thrown the bag of pot into Brady’s lap, he walked back to the Impala, to Cas. He tugged him out to sit on the hood with him, like they had at the party, but now at 3 in the morning with no lights and no other cars in the parking lot, Dean fucked Cas again right there in the backseat of the car, the very same spot as their first kiss.
“Just what I said,” Donna agreed from across the room where she was helping chop up food for dinner that evening.
As they moved together, their desire a rolling tide that built and built with each push, Castiel cried out, burying his face in Dean’s damp neck. He reveled in the sound of Dean’s voice cracking as he chanted Castiel’s name over and over, low and rough like a prayer.
Then when he was in sixth grade, he won first prize in some big essay thing where he wrote about  what he wanted to do with his life. Even then he knew he wanted to be a lawyer.
He shut his locker, books in arm, only to find Dean leaning against the lockers there. He definitely did not jump or feel a little flutter in his chest.
“What happened to you all?”
“You wouldn’t shoot someone over a damn cat!”
"I figured as much, since you weren't in the cafeteria."
Amara frowned uncertainly, and Cas pressed his advantage. “I’ll get it all better, and he won’t have to know a thing.”
Cas studied him for a long moment, pretending to mull over the offer, but he knew Dean could see right through him. Finally he nodded, and Dean nodded back, but neither of them moved apart. Dean still stood right in front of Cas, holding the handshake from ages ago, staring down at him with those bright emerald eyes.
He almost pulled his hand from Dean's hold, but almost as if he could sense his intent, Dean tightened his grip.
"Don't try to fool yourself. That boy's as crazy for you as you are for him. I mean, he ate my gluten free cookies; that's dedication," she informed him with a soft smile.
He turned back to King Charles and the others, only to find their expressions ranging from pain for Dean’s predicament to mortification for Castiel’s behavior. Dean smiled gently, hoping that it reached his eyes.
When he pulled back, he couldn't help his smug smirk at the sight of this boy laid out beneath him, his mouth swollen and such a pretty shade of red, his blue eyes heavy-lidded with wide-blown pupils, his entire body flushed with need and want.
“So, I think this is the part where I say thank you and get out?”
you.”
When they parted, Castiel wore that adoring look again, the one that made Dean feel unstoppable, the expression that Dean craved more and more. He smiled back, running his fingers down Cas’s arm to find his hand and link their fingers.
"Oh, come on," Charlie said, kicking Castiel's shin lightly under the table. "I've been trying to get you to go on a double date with me since ninth grade."
He knew he would though, as his fish store depleted into nothing. But he’d made his decision on that last visit into town, and so he refused to return.
Dean plastered a smile on his face and nodded. “Of course.”
When he reached his locker, he found Charlie waiting for him, like usual. No Dean, though. Not that it mattered or anything. He and Dean were done.
"Then talk to him!" She urged.
As he walked away, Dean turned to pack up his duffel, muttering, “Partially but not totally...kind of like your retirement,”
“Why?” Cas asked flatly. “You got free, you’re good to go.” he trailed off as her looked into the empty plane. “Besides,” With the leather seats and polished wood, it really was the nicest prison transport Cas had ever seen. “I have to go too…”
“Pretty much since you got here, the way you just scooped Kaiden up and immediately accepted all those little things into your heart, despite what you’d just been through.” Castiel could feel alpha smile against his skin. “How could I not love you?”
Dean reached his hand up and cupped the side of Cas’ face. He rubbed his thumb gently over his cheek, warmth blooming across Cas’ face at the motion. Distracted from what he was saying, Dean took a moment to take in Cas. He leaned into Dean’s hand, tilting his head a bit. The color filling his cheeks making him even more beautiful in Dean’s eyes. Each new expression quickly becoming his favorite. It was quiet for a beat, then two, before Dean spoke again.
“I didn’t say anything before because I didn’t think it mattered. I’m still not sure if it does, but Sam convinced me that not knowing would be worse.” Cas’ eyes were unfocused, mind presumably on his conversation with Sam. The mention of Sam made Dean’s breath catch in his throat. Did Sam tell Cas how he felt? What was he about to say? Was everything about to be ruined? It felt like a weight was sitting on Dean’s chest, crushing his lungs making it hard to breathe.
Cas’ shoulders dropped from their tense position and almost collapsed onto the bed next to Dean. He all but looked like a marionette that had its strings cut. He sat there for a moment before letting out a breath and getting back up.
“I’m not aware of anything that could help. Rowena was correct, the spell wears off in a day or two. I’d estimate that it should be gone come morning.”
Cas’ smile faded a bit, losing some of its brightness. Dean mourned the loss.
he thought. However, that is not what came out of his mouth.
“That was…” Cas trailed off.
“C’mon,” Dean said, “Let’s go find Sam and Jack and tell them the news. Although with Jack being God he probably already knows, and I would be surprised if Sam hadn’t already figured it out years ago.”
“I know, love. But you must wake up and live. I don’t want you to stay just for me if it means you dying. That’s the last thing I want. I may not be the real Cas, but I know that no version of Castiel would allow Dean Winchester to die. Especially not after he fell in love with him.” Dream-Cas’ weak laugh turned into a choked off sob. “So, please wake up and live your life, for me and your Cas.”
“Maybe whatever the witch hit you with affected you more than we realized? What do both times have in common? We can figure out what it does and try to reverse it.” Sam asked, already in research mode. Whatever spell the witch cast should have ended when she died, so why is it still working?
Dean remembered every time Cas… died. Just the mention sent a pang through his heart, even with Cas sitting right next to him perfectly fine. Looking a bit nervous and teary-eyed, but alive, nonetheless. Dean smiled then; glad he was here with him.
“Yeah, right. Do you think I don’t know who you two are? The famous Winchesters. Now, tell me, how did you find me and what do you want with my book?” She paused and when neither Sam nor Dean replied, shouted, “
Cas smiled and got up, “I’ll go finish dinner.” Dean watched him go with a smile begore turning back to Sam. “So, what’s up? What do you need to talk about?” “Dean, you need to wake up.” “What are you talking about? I am awake.” Dean was confused, what was Sam talking about? “Dean, you were caught by a djinn, this isn’t real, and you need to wake up.” “Sam, are you feeling okay? I haven’t hunted in years and it has been even longer since we ran across a djinn.”
“You okay?” Sam asked, worried about Dean.
Sam seemed relieved to see them but appeared surprised to see Cas when he opened the door. He quickly shook off his surprise when Cas spoke.
Cas took a deep breath in before slowly letting it out again. He didn’t think he’d ever make it out of the Empty to even have this conversation.
Turning the corner into the library, he stopped short. Cas sat alone at a table, an open book in front of him. There was a stack of similar books next to him. He looked to have been sat there a while. His clothes were a bit disheveled; his hair having looked like he had run his hand through it a few too many times. He appeared deep in thought staring at the open book, not even looking up when Dean came in. Walking closer, Dean noticed Cas’ gaze was unfocused, staring at the page but not reading anything.
“Sam! The book!” Dean shouted, still struggling with the witch. Sam looked down and saw it still partially wrapped in Dean’s jacket. He reached out to pick it up, getting the same shock as Dean when his hand came in contact with it.
Sam got up and left the kitchen, leaving Dean to think about his words. What if Sam was wrong? He wouldn’t be able to handle it if lost Cas over something as stupid as his feelings. But then again, what if he was right? Could Dean actually have something he wanted for once in his life? He got up and headed to the garage to work on Baby and do some thinking of his own.
Rowena paused, enjoying seeing the boys’ squirm for a moment. She looked away from them, trying to contain a smile. “Right, I can’t remove the spell. However, it should wear off on its own in a couple days. It was created to quickly get answers without needing a lot of power to make it permanent.”
“What are you talking about? What are you returning?” Dean was very confused. What could Jack have taken that needed to be returned? He looked over at Sam, only to see him already watching him, wide-eyed having figured out what Jack is talking about.
“Not long,” Sam said, amusement clear on his face, “but long enough to know Jody and Donna owe me money. Thanks lovebirds.”
“You know Sam’s probably calling everyone we know to tell them the news.’ Cas raised an eyebrow at Dean, unbothered by the thought.
“Please, listen to me. I’m not making this up, this is a dream, you’re dying, and I need you to wake up.” Dean closed his eyes tightly and took a deep breath before opening them again and giving Sam a long look. “You… you already know, don’t you?” It was quiet for a moment, just the sounds of Cas in the kitchen. Den looked towards the kitchen where Cas was and felt his heart break all over again. Every time he lost Cas hurt more and more each time. The Empty taking Cas was his final straw. He couldn’t lose him again, even if it was a dream.
Dean fidgeted, uneasy with the idea of Cas knowing about the spell. He already said more than he wanted to and there was no telling what Cas might ask. Who wouldn’t use this opportunity to ask him something and get an honest answer? Dean knows he certainly would if given the chance.
He grabbed the book and ran downstairs to help his brother.
“Yes. I think I’m getting better at making pancakes, I didn’t set anything on fire this time.” Dean laughed, feeling warm affection for the angel bubble up in his chest. “Thanks, Sunshine.” Dean leaned forward and kissed Cas softly before sitting up to eat. Cas snuggled deeper into his pillow, a small smile upon his face as he looked at Dean.
“Woah.” Dean breathed.
Sam looked between the two of them. Dean, face still a bit red, was pointedly not looking at Cas. On the other hand, Cas had his eyes trained on Dean, an intense look on his face. He frowned and squinted his eyes. An emotion flickered across his face, too fast for Sam to catch it, before relaxing and he nodded to himself, finally looking away from Dean. Cas turned to Sam, a light blush dusting over his cheeks.
Dean jumped, pulling away from Cas. He cleared his throat and looked away, his face burning. Cas lowered his hand and turned to Sam, ignoring his question.
If anything, Sam appeared to deflate and look even more sad. He grabbed Dean by the shoulders and made him look him in the eyes.
Hours later, Sam wandered into the garage looking for Dean. He found him leaning over the impala’s engine, grease on his hands and a towel thrown over his shoulder.
Sam walked into the kitchen looking for Dean. He found him sitting on the counter finishing up whatever he had made for himself.
“I’ll ask you tomorrow. Goodnight Dean.” He swiftly got up, grabbed the book he was reading and headed toward his room. Dean watched him go, unsure of what had just happened. What was bothering Cas? And why couldn’t he tell him now? What’s so special about tomorrow?
Cas saw Dean’s face shift through many emotions as he spoke. Disbelief and awe were prominent emotions and Cas could see Dean’s eyes start to glisten with tears. He took a deep breath in order to continue. Saying the words he never thought he’d ever get to say. Until now, too scared to risk losing Dean over them.
Are we talking about the same person? Our best friend for years, the one you have a ‘more profound bond’ with? That guy? Everyone knows he cares about you Dean.”
“What? No. Sam’s talking nonsense, everything’s fine.” Dean tried to reassure him, but Cas knew him too well to be fooled so easily. Cas looks over to Sam for an answer. “Look Cas, none of this is real, Dean got caught by a djinn we were hunting, I came into the dream to convince him to wake up. If he doesn’t leave, he will die.” Cas’ quick breath in was only caught because Dean was already standing so close to him.” Dean?” Cas looked back at Dean and saw the resigned look on his face. Knowing then that Sam was telling the truth. Cas put his hands on both sides of Dean’s face, making him look at him.
Hours later, Dean walked through the bunker on his way to his room for the night. He was thankful that everything should be back to normal tomorrow. He’s had enough of Sam’s questions. Cas hadn’t asked anything since finding out about the spell, but Dean knew there was still time and anything could happen.
“Okay, ask away, I know you want to. I’ll give you three questions before I’ve had enough.” Dean closed his eyes, bracing for Sam’s questions, already kind of regretting it.
It was Dean who looked away this time. The tips of his ears turning pink. Cas thought it was adorable.
Cas beamed and surprised Dean with a kiss. Dean melted, wrapping his arms around Cas, kissing him back without hesitation. All other thoughts vanished from his mind. His sole focus on Cas. It was new and kind of scary but being here with Cas made everything easier. He could definitely get used to this.
Cas appeared stunned, a glimmer of hope on his face. He exhaled deeply, a smile steadily growing as he waited for Dean to continue.
Dean thought over both interactions. What did they have in common? The first time he tried to downplay how he was feeling. And just now he wanted to deny his enjoyment of something. Then it hit him, he couldn’t lie. Even when he tried, the truth came out anyway.
Cas’ eyes widened and he looked away. Just as quickly, he looked back towards Dean, a small smirk on his face.
“I guess all we can do is wait. Cas, will you stick around for a while? If something changes, it would be good to have someone who could help.” Sam smiled slightly, a hopeful look on his face, not wanting Cas to take off immediately.
The morning came and Dean was no closer to a decision regarding talking to Cas. On one hand telling Cas his feelings and them not be reciprocated would be mortifying, he’d never be able show his face again. He didn’t think their friendship could survive it. He knows Cas would try, but he knows himself even better. He would not be able to put it behind them and it would tear them apart. Shaking his head, Dean knew he couldn’t take the chance and let that happen. And yet, a small piece of hope inside him whispered,
Not only had Cas preserved his life, but he’d also provided answers to the questions that had plagued Dean’s mind for
He’d just stepped into the giant room when he drew up short. Castiel was there, sitting in front of the fireplace, his head bowed into his hands. He still wore his dress uniform from dinner, but the tunic hung open, revealing a plain t-shirt beneath...well, plain in that it was a simple white shirt, not at all plain in the fact that it hugged his torso in just the right way.
it. But even so, Dean had been so respectful, so civil, despite the anger Castiel could still taste from his scent.
“So that’s how it will be then?” Cas smiled despite his tears. “Come along, I may have some fish for you.”
"What's so funny is that you're so worried about that pretty little scholarship of yours, but you're a dumb enough fucker to think that any school would let a rapist onto their team, I mean, especially one who's only a sub-par tight end."
“You okay?” Dean whispered into Cas’s ear.
A blush rose up Dean’s neck, reached his freckled cheeks. “I appreciate it,” he finally murmured.
“Kind of sounds like a story or two that I’ve heard.”
An odd glint flickered through Cas’s gaze, and Dean was hit with the uncomfortable knowledge that, given Cas’s skill set, Dean may very well have met him and just not realized it.
With a groan, Cas heaved himself from the floor where they’d been seated for story circle. At six months along, he was getting too big to sit down there with the children. His body ached and protested more and more these days.
He brushed past Castiel and practically ran, leaving the alpha alone with the mess of papers spread across the floor.
Castiel switched out the books in his locker, humming slightly. It was only two more hours until lunch, two more hours til he met up with Dean. He couldn't seem help the little flip his stomach gave every time he thought about the tall boy. How long had it been since he actually felt excited about seeing someone?
“Hey,” Dean murmured, softer than he meant to. Cas jerked around, his expression surprised.
“Cas…” Dean started, trailing off when he didn’t know how to continue.
Dean swallowed nervously, once more caught in Cas’ intense stare. It had been a while since they had been this close. Close enough that Dean could see all the different shades of blue in Cas’ eyes. His own eyes roamed the angel’s face, committing every detail to memory. He did this whenever he could, realizing it wouldn’t be long before Cas took off again and Dean didn’t know when he’d see him next. Still looking at Dean, Cas’ eyes were a little hazy, seeing something neither Dean nor Sam could see. After a moment, Cas tilted his head and his eyes cleared, refocusing on Dean’s face. Dean took a shuddering breath, immediately forgetting what he was thinking. He didn't know how long they stood there staring at each other before Sam spoke up.
Dean nodded, tears streaming down his face, “Ok, I’ll go.” He tilted his forehead against Dream-Cas’ and held him a little tighter before letting go. He wiped his tears before turning back to Sam. “Let’s get out of here before I change my mind.”
“Dean?” A voice came from his open door.
“I realized I have enough people to help me out rebuilding things and saw that you were needed elsewhere.” Jack replied looking around the room, his eyes landing on the Winchesters.
“Cas… you know you don’t have to do that right? We want you here. You don’t need to ‘make yourself useful’ in order to stay. I’m sorry we ever made you feel that way.”
Neither notice Sam and Jack leaving the room, too engrossed in their staring to pay attention to anything but each other. Dean walked closer to Cas, needing to make sure he wasn’t going to vanish. He reached out, putting a hand on Cas’ shoulder before pulling him into a hug. Cas melts into Dean’s arms, and all the tension leaves his body. They pull apart slightly and Dean reaches a hand out and places a hand against Cas’ face.
“I didn’t tell him about the spell. I figured it would be better explained in person.” Sam quietly took note of Dean’s reaction.
“Uh… Cas? You okay?” Dean waved his hand in front of Cas’ face.
At least he’d nabbed Dean first.
“Usually yes, but you were just rejected by your
Now, Dean brought his own fork up to take a bite.
Castiel shrugged. "I don't know. I didn't talk to him."
Dean smiled indulgently. “No. I saw you before that, in my other form. I thought...well, I thought it’d be instinctual for you too. But when I tried to talk to you in town, you ran away!”
to Dean, and he wasn’t above taking cheap shots to gain the upper hand.
The solitary days continued on. Well, they didn’t seem so solitary anymore, not with the cat that slipped in each evening and ate half of Cas’s fish and snuggled into his lap before the fire grate, listening as more and more stories slipped from Cas’s lips.
Dean gets a visitor.
“Have at it,
“No, but, uh…I think I saw you yesterday,” he admitted.
Luci scratched the back of his head. “Not in so many words, but I knew he’d figure it out.”
Man, where the hell was this guy? He said he’d be here with the— a knock on the driver window made him yelp. With a frown, he lowered the window the bare minimum.
“Hate to see you go,” Crowley sighed, then smirked. “But, oh, how I love watching you leave.”
“Indeed it is! His name is...” he turned to the child he held, “What’s your name again?”
Dean smirked. “Prudence is almost 80, and she’s still secretary for the head of DOS. She won’t retire until she can just hop over country lines and live in her dream locale, according to her granddaughter. ”
“Dean?” he whispered tentatively.
"Yes! Double date!!" she cried. Castiel just rolled his eyes.
He walked to his locker, ignoring the whispers and shocked stares. He got his books and turned around to come face to face with Crowley. The other boy was staring at him like he'd never seen him before.
First, there was that day in the pouring rain, when Dean offered to give Cas a ride home… and he’d learned just how sharp Cas’s wit really was.
"Cas?" Charlie said, laying her hand on his shoulder. "You okay?"
“And uh...about Cassie.” Dean could see Cas tense, but he had to get this out there. “She came into my room, yes,” he shook his head. “Caught me by surprise. But I told her very clearly that I’m not interested in her. There’s someone else—another omega—I’ve fallen for.”
Dean barely controlled his eye roll. Because that really made it so much better, yes. Castiel had warned him just that morning about his family. He’d seemed genuinely worried about Dean’s reaction to his relatives, and now Dean understood. They were all a bunch of dicks.
“You like that, Sweetheart?” It was a voice that was passingly familiar.
“She came looking for something, but I couldn’t—I didn’t have it. Not for her.”
The first time Cas saw Jess after that Halloween party, he tugged her into a tight hug and thanked her for helping him and Dean.
"They're my favorites. Do you wanna know why?" Castiel teased as he began to stroke himself through the fabric.
Crowley expounded further on the machine, some crude basics of the distribution plan. He listed several alphas who were very well pleased with their results—this he said with a wink, even as Dean mentally filed the names away for further investigation.
Castiel grew so used to his routine that, when the day finally arrived that Dean wasn’t waiting at the usual table, Castiel actually felt disoriented.
Ana’s soft voice came from above. “We must guide it to the body now.”
Sam halted. “How do you even know...you know what,” he held up his hands. “I don’t care.”
“Indeed,” Estelle murmured, her voice contemplative, lost in thought as she studied the painting. But Anna’s eyes were focused on him, on his face. Castiel avoided her gaze.
“What the hell, man?” I bit out.
He opened his mouth, then hesitated. Finally he spoke. “I don’t know.”
“Once this is done, we’ll need to find Castiel’s body as well,” Sam reminded them.
"See, you lay another hand on me, I'll scream rape so loud they'll hear it clear over at that nice little college of yours. And you know they won't take a chance on someone with a record," he shrugged like it didn't matter one way or the other. "Maybe they'd go to bat for one of their seniors who's proven himself, but for an incoming freshman? Nah! And especially not after Crowley leaks that information to the school board about your little drug habit."
“Thank you so much, Dean!”
As Dean's tongue slid against his, Castiel moaned. His arms slid around Dean's shoulders, pulling the boy tighter against him.
Cas who'd shared every part of himself with me.
Both women had played exactly one hole, enough for the photo op, then booked it back inside to the air conditioning. Castiel would have found it funny, if he weren’t so damn grateful to have them running interference with his aunt’s cutting tongue.
Dean kissed him long and deep, slowly claiming every part of his mouth. Cas moaned under him, allowing his hands to skim up Dean’s front. When Dean finally broke the kiss, he didn’t move away.
Dean shook his head. “My kid brother Sammy...his girlfriend Jess overheard your little chat with Ruby.”
Castiel slowly shifted forward then back, rocking his hips gently at first. Dean groaned.
“I’m sorry if I’m just a little confused,” Dean crossed his legs, leaned back in his seat to meet Victor’s eye. “See, for some reason I feel like you weren’t keeping tabs on me so much as that chip you lost track of after you paid a mob boss hundreds of thousands of dollars to kill me and my crew, then told them to make it look like a bad job.”
Chuckling softly, Naomi shook her head as she looked back down to her reading. "If you say so."
Ignoring the immediate wails of protest, he walked back into the house and climbed the stairs to his frigid, empty room. But even there he could hear the cat’s cries, so he buried his face in his pillow and cried right along with it.
," Jo mumbled, earning a glare from Ellen.
“Eh,“ Dean shrugged, but kept his lips against Cas’s. "I swear, I could’ve sold that thing in a day back in the States. ‘62 Thunderbird, thing of beauty! And I get all the way out there, and they just want to see fuckin’ pictures.”
“You know that’s–“
“I feel it’s a valid complaint.”
Saturday was usually Castiel's day to lock himself in his room and sleep the week off. But a sunny Saturday in November found him at the Starbucks near the mall, sipping on a caramel frappe while he, Dean, and Charlie waited for her Gilda.
“You’re still in touch with him then.” It wasn’t a question.
Castiel nodded, his eyes softening. “I think it speaks to the rapture one feels when they’re truly connected, spiritually and physically, with another person.”
The night before Valentine’s though, he was feeling that old restlessness crawl up his spine. He couldn’t risk another go with anyone, cause Lillith would find out and break things off again. So he did the next best thing and called up Winchester. There was no answer, but the voicemail said, “For business inquiries, call Ash” and listed a number.
For Valentine’s, which luckily fell on the weekend, Dean told Sammy to send any “clients” Ash’s way, then he kidnapped Cas at the end of school on Friday and they roared off. Jess may or may not have had a hand in getting up to Cas’s room and putting together a travel bag. She felt a little bad at sneaking around Cas’s back for the secret, but it was all worth it. The next time she saw Cas, he was still glowing from the uninterrupted time with Dean.
“You mean you still don’t—” the omega gulped and forced the question out. “You still don’t want me?”
“Here, let’s get you all to bed,” he declared, still holding Micah firmly. The sooner they got the kids into bed, the sooner he could talk to Cas, set things straight.
“They sure do,” Cas nodded at her.
"Really?" she squealed, like that hadn't been her plan all along.
Castiel saw more than a few heads turn, and he could already hear the whispers starting. His heart hammered uncertainly. What if they were saying awful things about Dean? Would they slap Castiel's bad reputation on Dean just for association?
“Is that another order, Agent?” Cas provoked.
Dean nodded. "I never got it. But since we move around so much, it's not really a problem."
Before she could whirl away, Castiel rose from his seat, laying a gentle hand on her arm. She turned to him slowly, and he offered her a tentative smile. He recognized the softening in her expression, the relaxation in her bearing as she allowed him to pull her into a hug.
“Again?” Dean pointed to himself. “I didn’t create the break last time.”
“Initial contact successful. Next contact already scheduled,” Dean couldn’t help his smirk. If Henriksen’s silence was anything to go by, the supervising agent hadn’t expected to hear back from him so soon.
Sam stood near the back of Ana’s kitchen, watching as she and Hannah joined hands over a pot of… something. He hadn’t felt inclined to ask about all the details of the ritual. Around them, the Council joined hands, creating a circle with the two witches at the center. Between the circle and the witches were four candles that stood for north, south, east, west. On the floor beneath all this was an aged map, stained with the ink and wax of prior rituals.
Dean didn’t care. Hopefully his heart would get the message sometime soon.
Dean led Castiel further into the house, reveling in the way the dark haired boy’s fingers tightened around his.
One cute guy who was...you know, a perf—nope, not perfect. Just nice or...okay. Yeah, that was it: one cute guy who’d kissed okay didn’t change anything.
mission?”
Gabe laughed and shook his head. “What the hell have you done to my sweet, innocent cousin, Dean?”
“Intent.”
“Won what?” Cas’s head tilted to the side, just like Dean remembered.
Cas was lying on his bed, finishing up homework, when his phone chirped. He figured it was Charlie getting back to him on the lit homework, but when he picked his phone up, it was Dean's name on the screen.
He watched as Garth pretended to stumble as he walked past the pedestal holding the egg, and Castiel smirked. “There.”
Sam frowned in confusion, but Cas immediately understood. Omegas’ heats were brutal to begin with, and according to the rumors Castiel had heard, they only got worse after meeting their true mate.
signed the 1077, but Cas had always had a steady hand. He could forge practically anyone’s signature, given a few practice runs. Probably something he’d inherited from his late father.
“You and Sam, the epitome alphas?” Memory-Cas shook his head. “No, absolutely not.”
“Me?” Dean burst out. “I’ve been searching nonst—“
Dean wasn’t sure how Cas was able to communicate with him like this, but he didn’t question it. Instead, he wrapped his arms around Cas and held tight as they rose through the air, through the portal. Only once they had cleared the opening did it snap shut, allowing them to land on solid earth in the dark room.
Dean stared at Hannah for several long moments before finally speaking. “Ana can travel through time?”
Dean uncurled himself, glancing around, then his breath caught. Cas was there, rising high in the air, blocking Dean and the rest of the team from the crackling clouds.
Man, he managed to blush so innocently, like you’d expect a good-boy valedictorian to do. But even that little blush was nothing compared to later that evening when, as I drove him home, he turned to me and murmured “I wanna do it, Dean… you know, when we have the house to ourselves.”
“Keep your voice down,” Cas muttered as he jerked his head in the opposite direction Crowley and his bodyguard had gone.
To have hope renewed like that, only for it to be torn away once again…Hannah had walked down the aisle the next day, her expression somber under her veil, and Castiel had forced a smile even as his heart ripped further in two.
. He brought his hand up, reached, was about to touch his palm to Castiel’s, but then the panic in his mind surged, halting his hand at the last moment.
She sashayed away, leaving Dean alone with a plastic case and a manila envelope. Dean opened the envelope first, pulling out several sheets of paper. There was no actual note from Cas, but looking over the printed screen shots and bank statements, it was easy enough to figure out what it all meant.
Castiel slipped back into bed and grabbed the phone, aiming it down toward his groin and snapping a picture. The photo captured a shot of his flushed chest and hardened cock straining against the satin panties. He didn't even think twice before pressing send, his stomach pitching with excitement.
He found Naomi seated at the table, flipping through a religious magazine.
“Is it a bomb?” Sam asked from his spot on the other side of Castiel. “Because with all those wires and buttons and shit...looks like some kind of over-elaborate bomb you’d see on TV.”
Dean looked to the mountain to gage where he’d lain in the field. He stopped when he saw the bright blue glow that flashed and crackled, along with some smaller purple and black bursts that were immediately extinguished.
The morning of graduation, he slid into the passenger seat of the Impala, his smile wide and hopeful.
“My product guarantees a bond with the omega,” he explained as he led them into his study. “Or rather, it guarantees a bonded omega. As the alpha, if you do not wish to bond, you will not bond. This allows for a single alpha to be bonded with as many omegas as he chooses.”
Dean smiled back, his own eyes warm. “You know me all too well!”
“No!” Micah cried indignantly. He spun around to Castiel. “Tell him I’ve been good!”
Cas turned to look at his friend, who smirked at him. “Me and Crowley got it all worked out. You just have yourself some fun!”
“Study it,” he bit out as if struggling to contain his own irritation. Dean felt a brief, petty pleasure at that.
He couldn’t help but wonder how many times it had happened already, how many more times it would happen after Dean was out of the picture. He couldn’t stop the sadness that accompanied that thought, so he shoved it all away.
“Of course you do!”
“Good, I think we’re all set,” Dean replied.
“When he’s not high as hell,” Cas confirmed.
“It’s always good to be one of the good things,” he said softly, gaze soft on Castiel. Castiel could have stood there, staring at him, studying him, for hours, had Anna not cleared her throat gently.
“Hey!” Charlie echoed.
Henriksen cleared his throat, glanced down at his glass. “He seemed fine,” he looked back up to meet Dean’s gaze. “A little shaken, but I attributed that to hitting his head.” He frowned and shook his head. “I wouldn’t worry about it.“
As it was, the only thing of note during dinner—or rather
“There,” Hannah whispered. “Let’s start there...”
Castiel never had been very good at heeding warnings.
Dean shifted back, just enough to study Cas’s face, but still remained in his lap. “This wouldn’t have anything to do with what you heard from Ruby and Crowley, would it?”
Only a few weeks later, the week before Thanksgiving, I got a text from Jess, who was practically attached to the hip with Cas after the almost-breakup debacle.
“He’s doing just fine in the next room,” Anna assured him as she began checking his vitals.
“I am so sorry,” Castiel mumbled as he began to gather up his supplies. “They’re just...they’re so beautiful, and I just wanted to—“
"Do that again! Again!" Castiel pleaded. Dean complied, ramming his hips up again to meet Castiel's downward thrust. Castiel picked up his pace, his entire body shaking.
Dean chuckled, running his thumb over Castiel’s cheekbone.
“Not really that important,” he explained. Right then, the waitress returned with their drinks, drawing everyone’s attention. It was just enough for Dean to act.
Lucifer frowned at the emphasis on the word
Castiel wasn't sure which truth pained him more: that Amara had revealed his secrets to this kind soul, or that she’d begun courting him. Either thought was unbearable.
“We were good,” Cas countered, but Dean knew that he hadn't done much. No way it could have been him.
“Dean, I didn’t mean...” Castiel tried, but Dean only stepped further away.
Charlie showed up right after school, her expression concerned.
“I never really knew much about them.” Dean gaped at him, and Castiel shrugged. “My parents believed that television rotted the brain and stifled growth and development.”
His unspoken request was clear.
He walked slowly, his eyes scanning the shadows, until an arm slipped out of the darkness and tugged him in.
“It’s always so beautiful in the nighttime,” he explained. “All the lights of the city. The people.”
Cas caught a glimpse of that blonde hair just outside the bakery, and he felt his heart shrivel even further. To have M. Winchester see this…
“Excellent!” Gabe clapped Dean on the shoulder, tightening his grip for a moment. Dean grimaced but gave no other indication of discomfort as Gabe squeezed the damn feeling out of his shoulder. And then Gabe winked one more time and spun away to return to his booth.
rings.
It was now almost ten after 7, and still no sign of Cas. The door swung open across the restaurant, and Dean’s gaze jerked up, like it had every time before. He froze when he saw Meg, not Cas, striding toward his table, a large purse slung over her shoulder.
"Dean," he breathed against the taller boy's mouth, because for him, in that moment, that's all there was. Only him and Dean.
"Right," Dean agreed, but he still didn't seem eager to pull his mouth away. Castiel pulled one hand back and slid it down to his jeans, cupping him through the stiff denim material. He hummed appreciatively.
“Well, you know, he’s in the arts.” Right, because that explained everything.
Crowley shrugged nonchalantly. “If you’ve got that good shit like Dean does, you’ll get into all sorts of parties with all sorts of different people.” He smirked. “And if you’re as good-looking as Dean is, you’ll get into all sorts of different beds, too. Sometimes at the same time, or so I’ve heard.”
Finally, I told Sammy the plan, the one that had been forming in the back of my mind since Valentine’s: move to Arizona for Cas’s schooling then get married when the time was right. Sam nodded happily, because as Cas had reminded me, it
"And you chased him off?" Charlie asked, her tone incredulous.
He kicked it in, smashing the lock to pieces, and found Cas standing above the kneeling Crowley, his creme tuxedo wrinkled and torn. His hands glowed as Crowley screeched in pain, his head completely enveloped in the blue mist.
I turned the car into the next empty lot I could find and dragged him to me, claiming his mouth.
“Happens all the time,” Lucifer said. He reached over to give Castiel's shoulder a reassuring squeeze. “Although I am sorry that you got caught up in the middle there, Castiel. Don’t worry, I’ll take care of him.”
When he met up with Ash in some back alley, the guy actually made him get out of his car. But he was much chattier than Dean ever had been, so Brady didn’t feel bad asking, “Where’s Winchester?” after the exchange had been made.
Castiel cried in frustration and slammed his fists against the wall, as if he could beat the words away. He  scratched at the paint with his short fingernails, but it didn't help. He sank down to the floor and buried his face in his knees.
“Very clear, sir.”
“No you’re not,” Dean ground out.
“Agent, you’re stepping out of line,” Victor warned.
Dean had no idea what Castiel had been doing in the past ten years, but a small part of him hoped that the man had been able to just live a peaceful life. As soon as that thought appeared, another rose in its place. Part of him selfishly hoped not, because if Castiel had managed to escape this life, now Dean was coming to pull him back in.
Had he been in his right mind, Cas might have reminded himself that he’d been the one to push Dean away. He wasn’t in his right mind.
"Yep! Helped Dad rebuild her myself," Dean bragged. Castiel slid into the passenger seat as Dean climbed in on the driver's side.
“We’re together,” Castiel repeated, stupidly. “Monogamously.”
Castiel turned away, and the connection broke, but Dean still felt that flutter in his chest. And if the tense set of Cas’s shoulders was anything to go by, he was feeling the same.
Dean paused, just a quick breath, and Castiel could only sit dumbfounded as the omega pressed on, his words coming faster.
The clone would have chased after her, but Dean managed to flip their positions and pin his clone.
“Stuck with you? What the hell ever gave the impression that I’d feel
He told her about everything that had happened the last few days, with Dean and his mother and Gordon. He was surprised when he didn't tear up at all as he went through the cliff notes. Charlie was quiet through it all, just nodding with Castiel's hands in her's.
He slowly stood. “Meg! Was Cas not able to…”
Dean’s smile was soft but pained. “I had no idea...no idea.”
Sam sniffed, trying to scent the air around the man. “And I can’t scent you.”
He watched Henriksen puff up for another moment or two, then threw out his next question. “But if that wasn’t you, then who the hell in the chain of command is so desperate to get that chip back?” He pointed to the chip in its case on the desk. “You know, the chip that was stolen off Ash’s dead body during that mob hit? The chip with information that was so damning, Ash hadn’t even shared it with
“Hey. How was your trip?” Castiel whispered, his bright blue eyes blinking up at Dean.
Dean wore an unreadable look as he asked, "You think we're friends?"
And then, once the guest list had been (yet again) suitably rearranged, and Castiel had been granted his plus one (even though he vehemently assured her that he did not need a plus one), it was on to brunch at the club with Aunt Hester and the ever-tardy Meg.
Long minutes passed, but Castiel found he no longer could just sit and mope. He had his chance to talk, to maybe connect, with the beautiful man who was driving him further insane by the minute.
Yes, but that was Henriksen talking. As Ash had once said, his secrets have secrets. Dean felt the tension tighten his frame as he dropped into one of the empty chairs. “I just hope he’s okay.”
“Partially, but not totally,” Henriksen stood and shook Dean’s hand. “Thank you.”
Dean finally looked away, ran a hand over the back of his neck. “I know. And usually I just...move on, but this time…”
With a screech, he fell from the bed, scrambling backwards until his back hit the wall.
“One more!” Mary called, holding up her cell phone to catch one last picture.
“I ought to follow you home,” Cas threatened the cat, who was devouring the small portion of grilled fish Cas had laid out for it on the counter. “Make sure they know you’ve already had a good meal.”
"Watch it, whore," Gordon, the reigning douchebag quarterback, muttered with a sneer before kicking one of Castiel's books away and continuing down the hall.
Dean’s brows shot up in surprise. That was the most flippant he’d ever heard Cas speak to a family member. In fact, he’d never heard Cas speak like that...ever. Whoever this Cas was in the room—it wasn’t the Cas that Dean knew.
“What the hell does that even mean?” Dean asked.
“Or do you really mean me?” he interrupted.
Dean sighed. “Yeah, but having aged advisors with years of experience in the field looks better for my Dad, especially when he needs the appearance of wisdom and experience on his side.”
Cas glanced back to Lilith, then back to Crowley. He halted when he realized that Crowley was staring at her at her a little too intently.
Castiel shrugged. “It was intimidating to be working with you and your team. I didn’t know if you all would accept me...my help. And I didn’t want to say anything embarrassing.”
“Well, he’s expecting us, so we at least have that going for us,” Dean murmured.
“Are you sure?” Cas whispered after.
She spoke to the men in Belarusian, her voice soft and soothing as it skipped over the unfamiliar words. One man stepped forward, silent and stiff. The woman spoke again, silence reigned for a moment, then the man called out and the soldiers all tramped back into the shadows of the trees.
“You were lying there, screaming, not waking up,” Sam explained, “and Cas ran in here, grabbed your head, and just...sucked out the pain.”
He wouldn't dare hope that the boy had found his way into the third floor east bathroom yet, the nearly abandoned one that Castiel knew bore his name.
Castiel shrugged. "Go for it. I don't care." Which, at the moment, was the absolute truth. He couldn't bring himself to care about anything besides getting that boy's weight on top of him.
Sam stepped forward to watch the single line of melted wax move toward Italy, to Sicily, before it finally stopped on Cefalù.
“Did you now?” Dean asked nonchalantly. “Because, if I remember correctly, you kept hounding me every step of the way.”
At some point or other in his self-appointed isolation, he’d received calls and texts from his family...and some others, as well. Lucifer had called once. Gabriel had texted a couple of times. Hester had called twice. Crowley had called and texted. Those calls and messages he’d ignored. Both Meg and Anna had called a few times until he finally texted them back, assuring them he was still alive (at the very least).
Cas took a few steps toward Dean until he was standing right in front of him. He squinted his eyes for a moment and raised a hand up to Dean’s face.
“Everything ok, Cas?” Dean was worried. Cas looked like something was bothering him, but he couldn’t figure out what it was. He looked the same as last night. Whatever it was, Cas seemed to be thinking about, it sure was occupying his mind.
The following night, Sam walked up to Dean as they were cleaning up after their latest hunt. It was just the two of them, Cas deciding to stay home knowing Sam wanted to talk to Dean.
Jack smiled once more, not answering Dean’s questions. He simply snapped his fingers and a figure in an oh so familiar trench coat appeared in front of them. Not noticing his surroundings at first, Cas spoke. “Jack, I’ve told you not to just summon someone without warning again. What do you need?”
They ate in silence after that, both seemingly lost in thought. When he was done, Sam left to call Eileen since Dean wasn’t exactly in the mood to talk anymore. Dean rolled his eyes seeing his brother leave, knowing he was calling his girlfriend to gossip all about him. At least that way, Sam’s talking to her and not asking Dean anymore questions he’d have to answer. Dean, on the other hand, decided it was a good time to work on Baby. It had been awhile and he didn’t want to have any problems while out on a hunt. He smiled to himself and left the kitchen, heading towards the garage.
“I’m afraid of what will happen if he is around. I don’t want to say something and regret it. Cas is my best friend, and I don’t want to lose him.” Dean looked away from Sam. He could feel his ears getting warm and knew he was probably turning red. He cleared his throat and looked back at Sam.
“Is the spell still working?” Cas quickly asked, trying to get an answer as soon as he could. He seemed a bit on edge, fidgeting with the sleeve of his coat and shifting his weight from one foot to the other. He stepped further into the room, coming to a stop at the end of Dean’s bed.
“Sam we weren’t expecting you until tomorrow. Is Eileen with you?” Cas asked, looking around Sam for the other hunter. He put his blade away and stepped to the side to let Sam inside. “What? Eileen? No, I need to talk to Dean.” Sam looked surprise at the mention of Eileen, but quickly shook it off. He looked a bit rattled even just standing here in their living room.
He’d always been good at avoiding things, but this spell was making that difficult. Dean knew that things don’t usually turn out well for them. Something always finds a way to bite them in the ass in the end, but for once there isn’t an apocalypse banging at their door. Certain things should be kept to himself. The secrets he keeps are his and his alone. He should be able to share them if he wants to, not because some spell is forcing them out of him.
“Okay, okay, we get it. Now go away.” Without letting go of Cas’ hand, Dean grabbed a pillow off his bed and chucked it at Sam’s head. He disappeared from the door, and they could hear his laugh echo down the hallway.
“Yeah.” Dean sighed, a smile breaking out on his face.
Dean smiled wide and pulled Cas in by his trench coat for a kiss. Their lips met and they melted into each other, all the tension leaving their bodies. After what felt like hours, but could only have been a minute or two, they broke apart. Smiling, they leaned their foreheads together and laughed slightly.
Cas smiled wide, his eyes crinkling at the edges. Looking at Dean, Cas knew it would take a hell of a lot to get him to ever leave this man again. This was his home, and he isn’t going anywhere.
Dean and Sam looked at each other in worry. If one of the most powerful witches says she can’t remove this spell, is there anything they could do?
Dean raised an eyebrow at him and smirked. He looked away from Cas for a moment and laughed before returning his attention to the angel.
Sam raised an eyebrow at Dean, watching him as he spoke, “Cas might know more about this spell. I thought maybe he could help?”
“Are you okay? Sam called me but didn’t explain anything. What happened?” Cas had no problem getting right to the point. The candor was nice. It was a trait of his he never lost over the years, not that Dean would ever want him to.
“Maybe—there’s a word for that? I mean nowadays it’s just Cas, but yeah, I think so.” Dean was relieved Sam was taking this well, he’s not sure what he’d do if he didn’t.
Whether it was intentional or not, Dean was glad Cas hadn’t come right out and asked him something. He avoided questions even if it would be easier to ask. He was always good at that. Somehow knowing what to say or not to say to make Dean feel better.
Driving back to the bunker after finishing off the djinn was hard. Sam wanted to drive but Dean insisted he was fine and needed the distraction of driving. Sam tried to begin a conversation about what happened multiple times, but each time Dean avoided the questions.
They had tracked the witch to this house, Dean going off to search for the book while Sam was lookout in case the witch came back before they left. He came to the last drawer in the desk, pulling on it only to find it locked. He easily broke the lock and pulled the drawer open to reveal the book they were looking for.
“Oh, c’mon man. I thought we were done with this.” Dean rolled his eyes and go up, walking over to the sink across the room.
“Shit. I was hoping you forgot.” Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath. It didn’t help to settle the sudden anxiety he felt at the thought of Sam’s last question.
“Sammy…I figured it out a few days ago.”
Dean took a deep breath and turned back around to finish cooking
“That’s actually why I called you.” Sam answered, bringing Cas’ attention away from Dean. “I wanted to know if you knew anything about it. It’s a truth spell. When you ask Dean a question, he’s forced to answer it honestly.”
“C’mon, let’s get home.” He helped Dean to the car, grabbing the book on the way out.
Dean, recovering from his surprise at seeing his brother, jumped up.
Cas could barely breath, too shocked that his feelings could have ever been reciprocated. That this beautiful man could love him as well. How long could they have had this? How many of their decisions were their own and not controlled by Chuck for his story?
“I guess this means I’m staying for a while?” Cas teased, noticing Dean’s arms still locked around him. They tightened slightly at the question before relaxing when Dean registered Cas was joking.
“Yes, desperately.” Dean’s eyes widened, surprised. He paused, stunned for a moment before coming back to himself. Sam made a motion for him to continue, not asking anything. Allowing Dean the option to refuse if he really didn’t want to, no matter what the spell thought. Dean took a deep breath in and out before he continued.
Sam stared at him, a soft look on his face, proud of Dean for finally telling him. A small part of him wished Dean had told him without prompting from the spell, but the rest of him was just glad it happened at all. He thought it might never come up with the way things were going.
He turned back to Dean, watching his face intensely. He couldn’t sense anything different with Dean when he walked in. However, now that he’s looking for something, a faint glow was emanating from him, centering around his head. Cas had missed it initially due to the fact that Dean always had a glow to him. His soul was still the brightest Cas had ever seen. Over the years, things in their lives had worked hard to diminish and tarnish that light. And yet, every time Cas sees him it’s just as bright as the first. Ever since he pulled Dean from Hell, Cas has admired how brightly Dean’s soul radiated.
Dean waited a moment to see if an answer would be forced out of him. When nothing happened, he let out the breath he didn’t realize he was holding. “No.”
“C’mon man, I promise I won’t judge. Whatever it is that’s bothering you, I want to help.”
Dean stared at the angel disbelievingly. How could he believe Dean would rather think he was dead than acknowledge his best friend was in love with him? That all these years someone finally thought he was worth more than he was taught to think of himself. Cas saw him for everything he was, his good and his bad, and loved him anyway. How could that ever be a bad thing? Dean knows people in his life care about and love him. He has heard it when he needed to and felt it in the little things done every day. With all the people they have lost along the way, and everyone who is still here today. With a jolt, Dean realizes no one had ever told Cas they loved him.
“Dean—” Cas began to say, anxious about where this was going.
After what felt like hours but could’ve only been a few minutes, Dean pulled away first. Just far enough to rest his forehead against Cas’. He stayed there for a moment, his eyes closed, enjoying the quietness of the room. The only sounds being their breathing. Cas shifted on the bed, making Dean open his eyes to look at him. He inhaled quickly at what he saw.
“You seriously think Cas doesn’t care about you?
Cas’ whole body relaxed, his face softening. A smile appeared and Dean stared. He cleared his throat and looked away before Cas noticed.
Sam’s expression softened, smiling at his brother, “Dean, are you telling me you’re bisexual?” He was surprised Dean told him at all.
Words in italics are character's thoughts.
They were interrupted by the sound of the bunker door opening. Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath, already knowing who it would be. Sam got up from the table to greet him as he came down the stairs. Dean could hear Cas worriedly ask what was going on as they approached where he was still sitting. His breath caught in his throat, his heartbeat increasing with his nervousness. He felt frozen to the chair, unable to turn around and face Cas.
Cas stopped, finally admitting his feelings lifted a weight off his shoulders he didn’t even realize he was carrying. He looked down at the blankets, away from Dean’s stare.
Dean turned to Cas, unsurprised to find him already watching him. He had a smile on his face and his eyes gleamed in the light. Dean never wanted to look away. It suddenly struck him that he didn’t have to. He didn’t need to hide his feelings for Cas out of fear of discovery. Cas, noticing the change in Dean’s expression, reached out to grab Dean’s other hand as well. He gently pulled, succeeding in getting Dean to sit back down next to him.
. You know, better than anyone else, that he wouldn’t take advantage of this situation.” Sam felt a little bad for doing just that, but quickly moved past it knowing he would’ve gotten no reprieve if the roles were reversed. After all, it’s his job to be a pain in the neck for Dean.
“Well?” Sam raised an eyebrow, looking between the two.
“Why didn’t you come see us after you got out? We thought you were dead and never coming back! Don’t you think we should have known you were alive?” Dean was hurt. Why would Cas let everyone think he was dead?
“Dammit, Sam! Stop asking me questions! You know I can’t stop.” Dean was very annoyed. Ever since calling Rowena on their way home to meet them at the bunker, Sam had asked question after question to no end. Dean had had enough. He figured out that he doesn’t just blurt out anything without prompting. If he’s being asked a question, the spell forces an answer out of him, even if he tries not to speak.
“You’re my best friend, Cas. We’ve known each other for so long that I feel you know me better than anyone, even Sam sometimes. And for a long time that scared me. That one person could mean so much to you that losing them felt like dying. So, I pushed it away and ignored it all. Anything to make that inevitable loss easier. But it didn’t work, every time you were gone hurt more than the last.”
“Well, I…” He hesitated, a conflicted look on his face. He seemed to be warring with himself over something Dean couldn’t even begin to guess. For a moment, Dean’s conversation with Sam in the kitchen came back to him and his heart jumped into his throat. He quickly dismissed the idea of confessions before Cas noticed, and pushed his feelings toward the back of his mind. Cas’ face suddenly cleared, apparently coming to a conclusion.
He was more than a little worried. They lied all the time to get information from people. He’d never be able to effectively continue hunting if this is permanent.
Dean put a hand on Cas’ shoulder, stopping his movement. Cas’ eyes flickered to Dean’s hand and then toward his face.
“Oh yes, I’ve been very busy especially with rebuilding everything Chuck destroyed, but I wanted to stop by and say hello.” Jack waved his hand and tilted his head a bit. Dean felt his heart drop at the Cas-like gesture and had to look away to keep tears at bay.
“No, my head is killing me.” Dean’s eyes widened, surprised at what he said.
Dean swore.
Sam smiled softly, debating his next question, before asking, “Is there anything you
“Oh, well, I…” Cas didn’t know what to do. Sam wanted him to stay, to help if something happened or even research more about the spell. The bunker was full of books, maybe there’s something they missed. It would be good to have another person looking through everything. On the other hand, Dean didn’t seem comfortable with him here. Maybe it would be better if he just left. After all, there wasn’t anything else he could really do that Sam and Dean couldn’t do themselves.
“Mar—January 24
Sam reached over and pulled Dean into a hug, “Thank you for telling me, I know it had to have been difficult, even with the spell.”
“And the good news?” Sam asked, hoping for a way out of this.
Sam had a small smile on his face as he turned back towards Dean, finding the situation funny after hearing the spell will wear off. Dean, on the other hand, couldn’t find the humor.
Cas turned his head toward Dean. He was still focused away from Cas, but he took a deep breath and spun around. Facing Cas, Dean looked him in the eyes and repeated himself.
“Oh, the man has jokes now, does he? Well, you’re crazy if you think I have any intention of letting you go now that I’ve got you. Seeing you go before was hard enough, it’s not happening again.” Dean’s tone was teasing, but Cas could see his eyes were serious.
“Then why didn’t you wake up and get out of here?” Dean looked at him incredulously, “Why do you think? We are finally free from Chuck, our lives are our own, but Cas is still gone. Jack brought everyone back, everyone but Cas and I, I can’t do it anymore man.” Dean’s voice breaks at the end. He looks down, he can’t bear to look his brother in the eye.
Cas let out a startled laugh. It was a bit shaky at first, still recovering from his tears earlier, but steadily grew stronger as he processed that Dean did in fact reciprocate his feelings. Ending his laughter, Cas surprised him by drawing Dean into a hug. He pressed his face into Dean’s neck, reveling in the feeling of Dean’s arms embracing him in return.
“I don’t know how long I was in the Empty, but eventually Jack arrived. He told me what finally happened with Chuck and said he needed my help rebuilding heaven.” Cas was nervous, unsure of Dean’s reaction.
“Cas, you said a lot back before the Empty took you, and I was too in shock to respond, but I can now.” Dean started to say. Cas still had his face turned away, so Dean reached out to turn his face towards him. Cas’ eyes were a little watery as he braced himself for what he was sure was a rejection.
Could he continue to act normal now that Sam had said something? Before, it was always an unknown, something he hoped for but thought he was reading too into things when it seemed like Cas cared more for him beyond friendship. Now, the not knowing was starting to eat away at him from the inside. Even now, sitting on his bed doing research for a new case, his thoughts were with Cas.
“I think the spell is making me tell the truth. I tried to say one thing, but something else came out.” Dean finally answered.
Dean laughed, reaching for the book. As soon as he touched it, a sharp zap ran up his arm and he jerked his hand away.
Sam looked over to see Dean disoriented and trying to stand after being knocked down by the spell. The witch walked over to Dean, light glowing again at her hands, ready to cast more unknown magic. Sam grabbed his gun and pointed it at the witch, ready to fire. Hearing the click of the safety, the witch turned around with an eyebrow raised. “Do you really think a simple gun is going to kill me? It will take more than that to do it.”
“You know Cas is important to me and I care about him, but it’s different to how I care about you, right?” Dean paused to see Sam’s reaction, nervous about beginning this conversation he never thought he would have. Sam nodded, encouraging Dean to continue.
Sam took in Dean’s rigid form, looking as if whatever he was about to ask just might kill him. He had a moment where he wondered if he should just let it go. Let his brother continue to ignore what was right in front of him. Then he thought about Cas, about all the years he and Dean have played their ‘will they, won’t they’ game. How many times has he been temped to just lock the pair in a closet to finally talk to each other? Sam knew if he didn’t make Dean talk about it, he would ignore it forever. He had let it go before because they were usually in some kind of world ending situation. Now, for once it had been relatively quiet and he couldn’t let this continue any longer.
“I love you. I’m in love with you, Dean Winchester. And I always will be.”
“Hey, Cas. You made breakfast?” Dean smiled sleepily up at him.
“Well then, now that that’s taken care of, let’s see what I can do for you boys. Dean, you seem to have found yourself in a bit of a predicament, haven’t you?” She turned to face the boys, a smile on her lips. It wasn’t often that they called her for non-apocalyptic emergencies. This was an entertaining change of pace for her. “So, good news and bad news, which would you like first?”
Dean looked down at the table, avoiding Sam’s eyes. Sam stared at him incredulously. Did he really just say that?
She raised an eyebrow unimpressed, “You wanted the bad news first, didn’t you? I’m a little insulted. Did you really think I wouldn’t know about it? I mean, the witch you two dealt with was weak to say the least. I could have gotten the book myself no problem, but I didn’t want to get my hands dirty.” She winked and started to head for the door, her bag slung over her shoulder, “Have fun spilling a few secrets for the next couple days, Dean. Wish I could stay, would love to pick your brain, but I’ve got to run. People to see, spells to cast, work never ends. Goodbye boys.” And with one last smile, she walked out the door.
“No.” Cas slowly got up, his angel blade sliding into his hand and walked towards the door. Dean followed close behind grabbing the knife he was using to cook. Though they had been retired for a few years and had not been constantly in danger, some things never change. Cas unlocked the door and opened it carefully, revealing a familiar face. “Sam?” Dean wasn’t expecting to see his brother standing at his door in the middle of the night. “What are you doing here?”
“Anyway, I’m glad it looks like your back to normal, I was getting worried.” Sam spoke up again, reaching out to pat Dean a couple times on the arm.
They both stopped and looked at each other. Neither spoke again, still in shock. Dean never thought he’d see Cas again. His heart beat loudly in his chest, his hand shook slightly against Cas’ face. Cas reached up and took Dean’s hand and held it in between both of his.
“Well, buddy. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but I only know if someone asks a question. And you didn’t ask me one. Go ahead, ask away, it will be good to know anyway.”
“We should probably thank Sam at some point. If he didn’t say something, I think we would have gone on forever without talking about how we feel.” Cas felt affection burn bright in his chest for the younger Winchester. While he may not be the one he shared a bond with, Sam truly is a good friend, a brother even. They had been laying comfortably in Dean’s bed for the last couple of hours, enjoying being together without any pretense, before the topic of Sam came up.
“Dean?”
“I know you probably won’t believe me, but Cas loves you Dean. Anyone who has spent any serious amount of time around you guys can see it. I know even if he didn’t, he wouldn’t let this ruin your friendship. So please, talk to him about it?”
Dean arrived to see Sam held up against a wall, the witch standing in front of him.
“Do…you guys want me to leave?” Sam interrupted, awkwardly standing a few feet away from them. He raised an eyebrow at the pair, daring them to acknowledge what happened. It was a pretty normal occurrence for them, but each time Sam hoped it would be the one time that they finally got through with all the pining.
Dean had a pinched look on his face, a small frown twisted his features.
A grin, just as bright as Cas’, stretched across his own face. He glanced down at Cas’ mouth before darting back up to his eyes. Instead of giving it anymore thought and chickening out, Dean tilted his head closer and kissed Cas.
Sam came following behind, still chuckling. Dean glared at him, walking over to stand in front of Rowena. “Please tell me you can reverse this. Sam’s been unbearable, I can’t stand it anymore.” He pleaded.
“Okay, so we can test it. I’ll ask a question and try to lie to me. When’s your birthday?” Sam furrowed his eyebrows, his eyes darting between the road and his brother.
Dean didn’t get much sleep that night. Granted, he doesn’t get a lot of sleep most nights, but it was different now. An almost sort of unease sat in his chest, making sleep an elusive dream. Any rest he did managed to get was interrupted by nightmares. The spell was a non-issue for him so early in the morning. Sam and Rowena were the only ones to know about the spell, so avoiding questions shouldn’t be too difficult. Dean even forgot about it for the first few hours of the day. He was in the kitchen, finishing up a cup of coffee while making breakfast when Sam came walking in. He poured himself a coffee, sat down at the kitchen table, and nonchalantly asked Dean how he slept. Dean winced for a moment, the compulsory nature of the spell forcing an answer he didn’t want to give.
“Why don’t you want Cas to be here?” Sam asked, trying to think of where he should take this. He really wanted him to finally talk about his feelings, for Cas or otherwise.
“Hey, are you okay?” Cas quickly sat up and put a hand on his shoulder. Dean looked up at Cas and a wave of calm settled over him and he smiled, forgetting all about his dream and the strange feelings that came with it.
“I still like women, okay? That never changed, don’t get me wrong. I just might also like guys?” Dean blurted out, his heartbeat loud in his head.
“We already had Rowena look at it, but she said she couldn’t remove it before it wears off on its own. Maybe you know something she didn’t?” Dean looked at Cas, his eyes full of hope, pleading for Cas to have an answer.
Cas slowly blinked, retreating from his own thoughts. Shaking his head, he raised his eyes to meet Dean’s.
“N-- Of course I do.” Dean stuttered, trying to deny it but failing to. “Okay, seriously. What is going on? I didn’t mean to say that.” He was getting concerned now and a little freaked out.
Sam took a deep breath, on the same wavelength as Dean. Is this permanent or can it be reversed? “We’ll call Rowena to meet us when we get home. She’ll be coming over for the book anyway. She can take a look at you and see if it can be removed.”
“Oh, you didn’t hear? You’re not the first witch we’ve killed.” Sam pulled the trigger, hitting the witch in the forehead, killing her. He dropped the gun and took a deep breath. He always felt badly when they had to kill someone. Could they have done things differently? He shook off the thought, knowing he couldn’t change things and rushed over to his brother. Dean was just getting up when he reached him.
“Oh, thank god. I don’t know how many more questions I can handle.” Dean was relieved. Maybe he could get through today without anymore secrets being spilled.
“You said the one thing you want is something you know you can’t have. But Cas, you can have it, of course you can have it.” Cas stared in disbelief as Dean went on, “Knowing me has changed you? Knowing you, believing in you when I had no one else, that has changed me for the better. We changed each other. I love you too, Cas.”
Ketch chuckled. “Don’t worry about it, Dean. I did the same myself, hence why we’re using the P4 today.”
“She?” Dean prompted.
God, before Cas, I
"Because you're not some fuck toy," Dean said. "You're a person. You deserve to go out with someone, you deserve friends. You don't deserve getting used up and pushed away by assholes who don't give a damn about you."
Castiel finally did what he’d been wanting, aching, to do. He turned in towards Dean, smiling up at him softly.
Then Ash, one of Bobby’s guys who worked for cash sometimes, offered me a separate job, one that we
“Not long, just over a couple years. But the day came when I found I could no longer trust them.” His eyes flitted to meet Dean’s. “I believe you have some experience in that area.”
They shook hands and Castiel popped a fry into his mouth.
“This,” Anna spoke up with a pointed finger between the couple, “This is what I’m talking about, Gabe!”
Tonight’s question, which came from Ginny (who usually remained quiet), was “Why is she going into Dean’s room?”
“How were you even able to see that?” Castiel asked as he flipped another page, but his gaze remained on Dean. “I mean, with the cameras and the shouting…”
“When you and Dean leave, you are going to seal the spell that maintains the wall.”
At some point, he’d lost the leather jacket, leaving his muscled torso in the form-fitting t-shirt on full display. And when he leaned over, pointing at something in the engine, his biceps bulged against the sleeves, and Castiel could see the cords of muscles in his arm. Dean bent lower, and now the jeans were hugging every single curve of his ass.
Dean grinned proudly, and Castiel shoved his arm. "Oh, shut up!"
“Oh my god, I can’t believe this,” Dean whispered.
Cas reared back and punched him right in the face.
unwittingly follow him.
Dean's past hides many secrets
just talking about you!”
Dean smiled fondly as he passed his fingers through the omega’s hair. “Cas...”
With a sigh he propelled his feet forward. He was already here, might as well finish his shopping. Next time though...next time he wouldn’t come.
"She seems nice," Dean offered.
Castiel shot her a glare as his blush worsened. She simply shrugged unrepentantly as Dean burst out into laughter.
Cas gasped, sharp and loud in the silence behind the bleachers.
When I dropped him back at the school, barely in time for his next class, his neck had more than a couple new bruises, his hair stuck up at crazy angles, and his eyes had that glassy, dazed look.
as a spy. Dean found himself once again impressed.
Sam took a step back, hands lifted in an appeasing gesture. “Okay, hands off...I gotcha.”
“I don’t know if I can stand,” Castiel admitted, but still he reached for the alpha’s help.
Brady shrugged. “I don’t know…I don’t think he ever actually
His best bet would be the ball Charles was giving in the brothers’ honor that next night, but he had to get some research in if he was going to make anything happen. After dinner, he went to his room to change into some comfortable clothes, then slipped away to the palace library, fully planning to read late into the night.
He reached into his pocket and tugged something out, then tossed it at me. I caught the keyring with its single key “Me cabin is su cabin, compadre.”
Dean pulled him against his chest and rested their foreheads together.
“Have you ever heard the stories of the Old Gods?” he whispered.
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel whispered as he tried to ignore the stares. But even trying his best, he couldn’t quite escape the dark gaze of the alpha sitting at a table in the back corner. Castiel shuddered, obviously uneasy, and the nameless alpha smirked triumphantly.
“I like this one,” she suddenly announced. “He even makes his swear words sound adorable.”
Castiel stepped into the mayhem, immediately drawing the attention of several children near the door. A young girl of about eight or nine jumped up to greet him.
To find Cas, there was only one person he could go see.
As Dean stepped back up to crowd him against the counter, he brushed light fingers over  Castiel’s panties.
“My mommy used to do that with Micah,” Leah suddenly announced, her voice sad.
“That same night,” Castiel answered, his tone tinted with confusion.
Dean stared, shocked at how Cas had cut to the core of his guilt. After a moment, he stalked toward Cas. “At least I’m not playing up to some stereotype, hiding behind a face that isn’t even my own.”
“The Supreme must remain near the source of the Coven’s power. She is responsible for the magic that flows into this world.” He shrugged uneasily. “I have always, even as a child, felt this urge to be out in the world, helping and protecting.”
“What’s so bad about Ketch?” Sam whispered to Charles.
Now Cas’s eyes were shiny. “But what about…”
“Okay.” Dean pocketed the phone. “Thank you.”
He rolled his eyes and tried to mumble something about “Not
Victor pointed at Dean. “You
Castiel’s head tilted to the side, his expression curious. “You’ve known her since...since before?”
Cas’s distinct blue mist encapsulated his entire body as he shot upward. “Is that what you really think? I’m just some young witch come  to challenge you?” Screams continued from the pink cloud as Cas’s blue mist shrouded over all three of them. “No, for what you’ve done to my team, to my friends, to my Alpha...I will
“Is there something I can help you with?” Castiel asked as he took another tentative step forward.
Cas smiled, but it didn’t seem like a real smile. “I’ll be there in a minute. Just had to, uh… had to get some air.” He turned away, as if expecting that to be the end of it. But it wasn’t, not for Dean.
I’d already been grabbing some shifts at Bobby’s garage, but college and law school would cost a whole lot more than I could ever save from those few shifts, so I started working as much as possible and saved every little bit I could.
But Cas wasn't about to let his own self doubt ruin this date. He was actually having fun, enjoying himself. And Dean was a really good boyfriend; he probably just hadn't thought about introducing Cas to his folks. Cas would've asked, but he didn't know if that would seem too clingy, so he left the thoughts unvoiced.
Dean leaned into the touch, a slow smile starting as he nuzzled into Cas’s palm. “And now I’ve finally caught you.”
The man held up his hands. “I promise, I’m not going to try anything.”
Immediately he was on his phone, digging through old posts to find pictures of the royal family at other similar events. He showed Sam a picture of the family at the same race the previous year, and Sam’s own face brightened.
“It’s all a giant shit show, so I’d actually rather not talk about it, especially with the guy who literally shoved him towards it.” She stood, grabbing her purse. “Have a terrible life,
“You know, I really think that we’re both getting something out of this deal,” Dean murmured, and Cas giggled.
Silence fell over the line. When Crowley spoke again, he sounded incredulous. "And that's what's got you so upset?"
as it arched its spine into Cas’s hand, plodding first one way then the other across his lap. Cas brought his other hand up to scratch at its chin, then its head as it purred contentedly.
It wasn't every day you saw your best friend fall in love.
“Well,” Cas smirked as he pulled free of Dean’s grasp. “hell hath no fury.”
Castiel let out the sigh of relief he’d been holding, but paused at Michael’s glare.
“Of course I want you!” Cas confessed. “How could I not want you?”
“Novak, what’s this 1077 you submitted?” Uriel asked, his voice flat and bored as ever.
“I’m very intrigued,” she admitted. “Of all of my family, I never would have considered you to be the deceptive one.”
. He found himself even more grateful that he’d never tracked down its owner.
“Hannah…”
But then, as if he himself had been thinking the very same, Dean was reaching, taking his hand, lacing their fingers together. And Castiel had to wonder why he had worried so much about this, because it felt right, natural. The way their hands fit, two puzzle pieces that had just been waiting to find one another...it was perfect.
He often felt Dean’s eyes on him as he and Sam interacted, and it was all he could do to not blush or hide away.
Dean wouldn’t lie: he’d been tempted.
“I appreciate the offer,” Dean said. “But this,” he gestured to the madness around them, “and those files I passed along to you...that wasn’t me. It was all just handed to me in an envelope.”
He remembered his last conversation with Ana. She’d asked him about Lisa... He knew with sudden certainty what Cas’s deal with Ana entailed.
Castiel nodded, blushing softly. "I'm giving him another chance. He's taking me to meet his parents tonight."
As they glided past the already seated diners, Hester would incline her head this way and that, deigning to greet some, purposefully ignoring others, but she never actually stopped. Castiel, close behind her, slowed for the occasional firm clap to a broad shoulder or gentle squeeze to a soft hand; just enough to acknowledge, never enough to engage. It was the dance he’d been taught since childhood, the ritual he’d honor until his last breath.
Just then, a dark-suited security guard stepped forward and whispered into Crowley’s ear. The British man turned to Dean and Benny. “Pardon me, gentlemen, I must take this call.” He looked at Castiel and spoke again in Russian, then smiled at Dean. “She’ll show you to the dining room for some lunch. I’ll meet you there so we can talk business.”
Crowley shook his head. “No, I just happened to be in the right place at the right time. I haven’t told.”
Dean curled up tight, trying to shield his head, neck, and torso from the relentless attack. And then, the attack stopped.
“So then why do you do it?” Castiel asked.
The reply was quick in reaching him. “Sure. Where does Meg wanna go?”
Cas gasped, clutching at Dean’s hair as their mouths slammed back together. “I want you inside me,” he groaned. “Dean, I need yo—” he broke off into a long moan.
“Well then, you’re gonna love this!”
They didn’t do anything more than kiss. Cas didn’t think he could handle it, not with the way his heart had been so brittle all week. But even still, just sitting there with Dean, kissing and whispering and laughing, it seemed to stitch up that rip in his heart just perfectly.
Once Castiel had gotten the children safely tucked in for the night, he wandered down to the bathroom to brush his teeth before bed. He’d just barely turned the corner when he felt it again, that inescapable certainty that he was being watched.
“Really?” Castiel’s voice dripped with sarcasm.
“Babies make mommas tired,” Leah quoted.
Cas’s entire body seemed to freeze, and then he stepped away, the glow fading. Crowley lay there gasping, eyes darting between Cas and Dean. An odd expression, almost like realization, passed over his features.
“Hello, angel. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
"Crowley, please," Castiel whispered, shaking his head. "It's...it's stupid. It's nothing."
Before she could respond, another voice rose from behind her. “Can’t you see the resemblance?”
He flipped on the radio, choosing a station that the ever-practical Dean Smith would never listen to. He blared the music as he sped down the freeway, windows down, sunroof open on the oh-so-sensible smart car that Dean Smith drove. This was his five minutes of freedom.
Castiel’s eyes finally lifted to meet Dean’s, and the alpha let out a sigh of relief at the understanding he found there.
Dean groaned harshly, his eyes drawn down to where Cas’s dick bobbed between them. He reached up to take him in hand, pumping to match Cas’s increasingly erratic thrusts. With eyes locked between them, they watched as they dragged each other closer and closer to their orgasms.
“Of course,” Crowley interrupted Dean’s spiraling thoughts, “that’s the newer models. We did have some trouble with the first couple prototypes.”
Dean shrugged. "All over. We lived in Cali for a while, then Florida, then moved around the Midwest some—you know, Illinois and Indiana and Ohio."
Well, Dean couldn’t really blame the girls for falling over Cas like they were, but he could send them a clear message.
“Supreme,” Gadreel began. “Ana never—“
The cat let out a satisfied
omega was looking over the car with Ketch standing just a tad too close for Castiel’s liking.
He'd never planned for it, never expected it. Just a few weeks ago, he never would have thought that something like this would happen to him, that someone like Dean would happen to him. And now that he had, Castiel didn't want to let this go, let him go.
Dean stopped his retreat, eyeing Cas warily. “Then why wouldn’t you just say something?”
He looked up, expecting the cat, but froze when something, or rather, some
Hannah dashed at the tears. “He said we need to leave. That shadow is latched onto Kazimir’s soul and his body. The Council will find the body and recall the soul to trap them there. That’s the only way to defeat them.”
Dean didn’t know how, but he did know how to take that core he’d recently discovered within himself and gift it to Cas. He watched as Cas’s body straightened and tensed and his expression grew determined.
He ran down the stairs and threw the kitchen door open, just as the cat screeched again.
Cas blushed and looked down at his coffee. “I must be mistaken then.”
“Guess who won, Babe?” he murmured, and before Castiel could speak, he yanked his boyfriend into a heated kiss.
“He might still be knocked out,” Meg guessed.
Cas shoved the thought away as he reached up for another kiss. Mary and John both worked long hours; they were obviously busy. It probably had little to do with Cas. But that little voice inside Cas, the one that still seemed convinced that this was a bad idea, wouldn't leave him be.
Dean couldn’t really be blamed for staring at him, even as Ellen pulled her “intimidating agent” bit and pretended to study each of them in turn, as if she were searching for the perfect mark. While she studied each of them, Dean studied Cas. He still had that hollow look to his blue eyes, like he’d had when Dean had been at his apartment a few days before, but it somehow seemed worse.
Castiel was surprised. No one had ever tried to talk to him before. He was used to being stripped down and used up then putting himself back together.
is, I was trying not to get raped." Dean's eyes widened as his face paled, but Castiel kept talking. "Looks like we've had productive days all around."
Cas and the others seemed to know where they were going, so Dean just followed them. They wove through the pulsing crowd on the floor, and after a moment, Dean saw that they were headed towards a staircase in the back corner, a staircase that led up to the VIP area.
… Blue eyes flashed through Dean’s mind.
“Dean?” Castiel breathed.
Dean looked up at Cas, but the omega wouldn’t meet his eyes. Oh no...no, no, no. Of course Cas would’ve seen that.
Cas finally turned to look at him, his expression sorrowful. “I know that it put you in a bad spot, and I’ve felt awful about that.” He heaved a sigh. “Trust me, I’ve tried so hard to… to move on, to just get over this silly crush.” His smile was bitter. “I even thought I was over you. I was actually going on dates again. And then I saw you in that restaurant, and it all came crashing back.”
Hannah, who’d finally caught up, froze when the clone swung its face toward her.
“That’s not...” he sighed. “I was worried about me.”
"Dean, my name is written on a stall wall with the words 'Never says no.' I'd say that's pretty damning evidence to show that I really don't care where I get it from, as long as I get it."
They both sighed as they thought of Brady, a high-level management guru in his former life. Unfortunately for him, high-level management gurus were not in high demand during an apocalypse.
"Yeah, baby, all for you," Dean murmured.
“Well, who do we have here?”
Once they’d all sat and given their orders to a waitress, Gabe turned back to the couple, who were sitting as close as they could possibly manage on the low-slung couch.
Castiel couldn’t help the way his eyes followed Dean’s long-fingered hands as he gestured excitedly, or the way his tongue mimicked Dean’s slow swipe over his bottom lip, or the way his fingers itched to trace along that sharp jaw. Everything about him was so bright and distinct, from his voice to his laugh to his mannerisms...and all of it was focused, intently so, on Castiel.
Castiel smiled at him. “Of course! It’s just the baby.”
-------------------------
. At least he’d had the decency to nix the sex this time around.
Dean grinned proudly. "He's my baby brother. Total pain in the ass, but I love him."
So now he was back to square one, convincing his omega they needed to just move on.
Minutes dragged by, the afternoon fading into evening as Cas and Dean kept exchanging whispers and gasps and more kisses.
“Where’s Ana?”
The cat didn’t stop eating, but looked up at Cas, eyes narrowed as if in annoyance. Cas chuckled and took another bite of his fish.
“So just ask her out!” I yelled one evening after he’d been going on and on.
“I’m gonna go have a little chat with Gordon.”
Dean choked on his own saliva, struggling to breathe as Cas settled down on him. He’d never once touched Cas like he wanted, not even when every instinct in his body had been screaming for it. Now, with Cas filling his lap, cuddling close, he couldn’t imagine ever letting him go again.
Before its gaping maw ever reached Ana’s throat, she gasped in pain with tears springing to her eyes. Its gaze dropped to the knife now lodged in her abdomen, the knife with her own fingers still wrapped around the hilt.
Crowley got out of bed and went to get a bottle of vodka from his parents liquor cabinet for them to pass between them.
“So, um...you know how Jess goes out for a run every evening?”
Dean’s eyes widened as he recalled his conversation with Cas in London. Cas was going to warn the council...but if Kazimir was back...
The clone rolled its eyes. “Okay, you caught me. I’m just a part of you.”
Castiel smiled. "That's good that he has you." He climbed off of Dean's lap with a reluctant sigh. "I did tell Naomi only a couple hours."
Cas’s eyes fluttered open, his stomach flip-flopping again at the fond smile Dean wore.
Dean wasn’t sure how he knew it was Cas; his face was different, his hair was blonde. The white halter top and short shorts he wore were more revealing than anything Dean had ever seen him in. Perhaps it was his eyes. They were the same bright gold Dean had seen in the dream.
He grimaced. “I hadn’t once touched you beyond a handshake, while he was groping freely. Even then, something inside of me knew that you didn’t belong with him because you were supposed to be with me. I could feel it, like a puzzle, the way we’d fit together.”
She smiled sagely. “I can't be one hundred percent sure, but I think it's because you're actually smiling more.”
He couldn’t help but wonder how many times it had happened already
Dean scoffed. “It wasn’t the first time they’ve been arrested, and it probably won’t be the last…well, actually, I think it was Kevin’s first arrest.”
When Cas was close enough, I reached across and opened the passenger door for him. “Wanna ride home?”
He was quiet for a long moment. Dean almost spoke to regain his attention, but then he continued on.
Cas rolled his eyes at the question mark, like he actually had a choice here. And why couldn’t his cousin just type out full words, like every other normal adult?
But most of all, it wasn’t fair that he and Michael had come so close,
,“ his voice trembled and he drew in a shaky breath. “Never let anything happen—”
Right then, the bell over the door jangled, and Charlie's eyes widened. "Guys..." She breathed. "It's her..."
He flung his blade, aimed straight and true for the older woman. Dean leapt forward, ready to intercept, when it slammed to an abrupt halt mere inches from Ana’s face, still quivering in midair. But the power that surrounded it was neither Hannah’s red nor Ana’s fog. Instead, a soft blue enveloped the weapon then lifted it safely up and away from the woman.
After only a moment’s thought, he spun around to face whoever was there, only to find the hallway empty.
The beta rolled her eyes slowly then turned to walk back to her seat while muttering, “Yeah, we’ll see how well that works out when they’re shooting at you.”
to go with them. He tried to ignore her relief and hide his own pain about it when he told Jess.
The younger man’s laughter in the otherwise silent space was surprising...surprising and beautiful. “No...well, yes. I mean, the Council wants me to reclaim the title, but I can’t. I cannot spend the rest of my life trapped in that forest by my own power.”
Dean smiled knowingly. “The very same.”
Raphael had a problem with Crowley? Cas practically lived with Raphael, and this was the first he was hearing of it. But Dean, who’d been here for all of a few days, knew enough about it to fix it?
“Hey,” Dean ducked his head to catch Castiel’s eye. “We’ll be back in just a couple days. And if Gordon gives you any trouble, Sam will handle him.”
Dean nodded, tamping down on the irritation that rose at Castiel’s condescending tone.
Yes, on top of everything else, his body had decided to go into heat, probably a result of Castiel’s rejection. He hated how his omega’s biology was designed to entice its mate, because apparently it was resorting to drastic measures now.
“How?” Dean asked. “How do you figure that keeping such a close eye on me would help the mission at all?”
“But your eyes,” Benny mumbled, the calm in the midst of the storm rising between the other two men. Cas looked at him and a blue wave passed over his face, then his features were his own again, blue eyes without a hint of gold.
“Straight to business, I like it!” Gabe exclaimed. “Listen, Lucy has some extra goodies he needs to get into the country, and—“
“I got called in to consult on a case this morning,” Cas suddenly announced.
“Yes! Rejected bonds are incredibly painful for the other side, especially an omega,” she explained as she grabbed her jacket. “If you rejected the bond, but he didn’t...We need to figure something out.”
Dean was back, and this time… This time, Cas was gonna catch him.
“And I,” said Gadreel. Three more elder witches stepped up, ready to follow their supreme into death itself.
“I can see that,” the man replied with a smirk. “I just wanted to offer you a ride.”
The detective paused as he tried to supply a face to match the name. “No, I haven’t,” he finally admitted.
He fell to the ground, dropping his basket. It rolled away, but he was too disoriented to do more than stare up at the magnificent green carriage.
Jess smiled. “Just that you were having a very rough day and might need a pick-me-up.” She shrugged. “I didn’t give any specifics. I left that for you.”
“No, I mean now? Like, these past few days?”
Dean shuffled closer. “It’s not nothing, not to me. Not to their parents and families, wherever they ended up. What you’ve done, the way you’ve stepped in...” Dean sighed and ran a hand through his hair. “It’s not nothing, Cas.”
“You happy I woke you up now?”
"You've had people willing to go out with you, though."
Using the hands clasped between them, Dean pulled Cas back to him, smiling wickedly as he ducked down to claim his boyfriend’s lips in a heavy kiss. Cas gasped into his mouth, and Dean took immediate advantage of the opening. He groaned as he slid an arm around Cas’s waist, pulling him tighter against him as Cas’s free hand came to rest against his chest.
He didn’t waste any time when he reached the city, grabbing a cab straight to the vast, imposing office building where Victor waited. Everything was just as he remembered it. The security guard nodded somberly as Dean passed through the detectors, but he still caught the ghost of a smirk on the younger man’s face.
He watched as it reached the soldiers, crawled up their legs, slid around their torsos, until it finally reached their face. The moment it hit their eyes, they stopped yelling and dropped their guns, instead standing silently with their hands at their sides.
, to hold to from then on. It was probably the silver band on his ring finger when the couple returned from St. Bart’s...the band that matched the one on Dean’s ring finger.
Dean stared at his boss, too shocked to speak for several long, quiet seconds that dragged further with each tick of the clock. Finally he choked out, “Benny died...because
at me. I’ve never felt like this.”
She pulled him into a hug and softly reminded him of an obvious truth: even without Naomi, he’d always have somewhere to go. So Cas spent Thanksgiving Day at Dean’s instead. By the end of the day, with his heart and stomach full, Cas fell asleep curled into Dean’s side, feeling more loved and accepted than ever before.
It was so different from how it had been, once upon a time. Now, he wasn't just taking up space as some unknown anathema no one knew how to relate to. Now he was actually here, actually trying to interact with others instead of chase them away. He wasn't the most popular kid in school; there would always be whispers about his past, he knew. But he'd learned that, even despite the whispers, there were other people who looked beyond those whispers and saw him instead.
Henriksen’s eyes widened comically as he stared Dean down. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, but you’d better take some giant steps back, Agent.”
“Really?” Castiel challenged.
“Just let it all out, Sweetheart,” I crooned.
“Then give me the number.”
"Holy shit! I've never had that happen," Dean groaned.
When Castiel offered nothing in response, Dean asked another one instead: “So you’re worried that Kazimir might be used as a one-way ticket?”
“I got it!!” Sammy yelled as he waved a letter in my face. “I got the scholarship!”
with you?”
After studying him for a long moment, Ana sighed. “Yes, I think he is right.” She turned away, retreated back into the darkness of the forest. “Go home, Agent Winchester. There is nothing for you here.”
Dean lifted his head, groaning at the throbbing that rose up behind his eyes.
“At first we wondered...” Castiel started, but got distracted by Article 3 on the page he was skimming.
"This had better be worth it," Castiel groused.
Just then a door opened down the hall, and a young Asian man stepped out of his room.
“Castiel, we need him alive.”
Hello, All! Sorry about the long wait on this story. I was, for a short while, working two jobs, with pretty much no time off to write. However, I have recently come upon some health problems, and have been given some time off both jobs. So I've decided with this free time to get this story FINISHED! So, I may not post all the chapters as I write them (you know, pacing and such) but I will be spending these next couple days working solely on this fic... and probably watchin the Harry Potter movies again (what? I've been in a mood to watch them). Anyways, please leave comments and feedback, as that is always encouraging! Much love!!
“I see a shipping container that belongs to Joshua sitting at an airport in Ingles, a country he is exclusively under contract with by his own choice. Now, cultivating a connection with you will help me establish rapport with him, because if he knows we’re on good terms, he’ll feel more comfortable jumping in with a friend of a friend, right? But even if I manage to create our connection, it’ll still be good to have some kind of incentive. Oh wait, I have it: I know that his stepson Marcus, my old schoolmate, is currently in deep with a loan shark named Ivan. Ivan is the distant cousin of Pete, one of our council members and a regular A-hole who bought his position and abuses his power for personal gain.”
"Nope! You're right at the average mark, and that was with just a little bit of work."
It was unnerving, how intuitive the cat was.
"And then what?" Crowley bit out, sounding tense and angry. "He didn't...do anything you didn't want, right?"
“Did Cassie get to ask you her question?” Ginny spoke up.
Dean smiled apologetically. “I think I’ll just email it.”
“Dean? Who’s this?” A gruff voice called.
Castiel sighed happily, his mind replaying those too-brief moments in the food line when bright green eyes had met his. A tiny smirk had played along plush pink lips as the boy sucked a white spork into his mouth. And then he'd pulled it from his mouth with an obscene pop, winking at Castiel before turning away to move further up the line.
“Oh,” Cas murmured. So it wasn’t what he’d assumed. M. winchester didn’t actually care for him, even in a misguided way. No...Why would he? Cas felt exponentially more foolish than he ever had in his life. “I see…”
They’d just left the lemonade stand, jumbo cups of the sugary beverage held in the free hands that weren’t clasped between them, when Castiel pulled Dean toward a secluded bench off the major path. He settled down, pulling Dean with him, and offered a tentative smile at Dean’s questioning eyebrow.
Plus, if Dean were inclined to take a mate right now, he’d probably choose from the multiplicity of unmated omegas they had here, several of which regularly sought Dean’s attentions, like Anna or Cassie.
Castiel frowned petulantly. Stupid Ketch with his fancy suits and fast cars. He won a single race back during his first year of Secondary, and that suddenly shot him to superstardom? Although, Castiel could admit that it wasn’t just that Ketch had won that race. It was that he’d beaten a senior. And not just any senior. He’d defeated the school’s reigning champ of three years running—one Prince Castiel.
he’d gotten from that one guy and the generous donation his dad had made, his Stanford spot was on the line. He couldn’t afford another bad grade, not now.
Helpful as ever, Charlie actually pulled a double-take when she looked up from her phone and saw him.
God, that kid was a pain in the ass.
"I'm glad." Naomi closed the magazine and stood. She walked over to him and kissed his forehead. "I'm glad you're making friends. I know it's been a hard year."
Sam got invited to Jess’s for Christmas, which was great since I wouldn't have to deal with their cute couple bullshit all day. It was a little more bearable now that I had Cas, but still...
The house was warm and full of light. The most delicious thing Castiel had ever smelled filled his nose. He could hear singing from one room and laughter from another. He suddenly felt...safe. Like he belonged here. He leaned into Dean and nodded.
“Please be careful,” Cas whispered.
Castiel rested his chin on Dean's chest and smiled at him.
A couple hours after, Charlie ran her fingers through Castiel's short hair and sighed.
Sammy told it to his girlfriend Jessica while they were driving to the ceremony, who texted it to her lab partner Ruby as they found a parking space, who yelled it to her cousin Meg just before they walked into the auditorium, who whispered it to her “alphabet neighbor” Crowley during the commencement speech, who snapped it to his best friend Balth after they all filed back out, who had already posted it to his TikTok earlier that morning, where Lillith and dozens of others now watched with wide eyes.
"I don't care. If they don't like you because of something that doesn't even matter, I don't need to be friends with them anyway."
“Where the hell have you been?” he whispered to the old man.
He was vaguely aware of the cat pouncing around, chasing butterflies that flitted through, but once he got into his sketching, the outside world melted away. It had always been this way with him, something that Hannah had often teased him about.
“So technically we are the same,” Cas concluded.
Castiel shook his head, even though he knew Michael couldn’t see him. It wasn’t fair of Michael to ask him this, wasn’t fair for his alpha to leave him like this.
“Who?” Dean questioned, feigning ignorance.
Cas rolled his eyes.
Dean shook himself from his reverie and took a step forward. “Castiel?” he murmured.
“So you knew you were going to mate me that night?” Dean pressed, and Castiel nodded. “But then why didn’t you say anything when we danced? Or even in the arboretum this morning...or yesterday morning?” He shook his head. "Whenever! Why didn't you just say something?"
“Tell me, is the deep cover going to involve throwing yourself under some new alpha, just for the sake of—“
Mere days later, Dean stood at yet another grave, this one deep in the quiet of the forest. He kept his arm around Cas as his omega, the new supreme, murmured words to grant Ana her peace.
“And still they died!” Victor yelled. “So until we can be sure that you won’t fuck any other ops to hell, you’ll check in every nano-second if I say so.” He lifted himself to his full height. “Is that clear, agent?”
He’d only walked a few feet when he froze in place, eyes widening in disbelief. The sparse crowd parted for the man who walked towards him, gaze purposeful, steps firm.
Later, Dean slid into the booth next to Cas at lunch with a quick grin at Charlie and wink at Cas.
“Awesome,” Castiel whispered. By now, they were so close, practically nose to nose, so it felt only natural to tip his head forward that little bit and claim Dean’s mouth with his. It hadn't been too long since they'd last kissed, only a couple of days, but the relief that coursed through each of them as their lips became reacquainted was so sweet.
“Don’t concern yourself over it, your highness. Me and my scent will be gone before you know it.”
Dean reached to grab the neatly stacked sheaf of papers, hoping the movement wouldn’t allow Castiel to catch onto his heat-laced scent. He passed over the stack and tapped the top page. “Read it.”
Cas looked away, tears brimming in his eyes. “Maybe it’s for the best. You don’t want this.”
Cas, realizing his silence had stretched too long and too awkward, opened his mouth to respond, to tell M. Winchester that he should have no problem finding a willing young suitor from the town to help him. As if proving Cas’s unspoken thought, the butcher’s daughter Amara stepped up on the young man’s other side.
"I'm not going to
“I am?”
Dean wanted him. He was the omega Dean chose. Despite everything...
Castiel turned on his phone as he left the church building. He couldn't help the goofy smile that spread over his face as he saw the text from Dean, but then his brow furrowed when he read it. Talk? That sounded slightly...ominous.
Dean shook his head. “I shouldn’t have provoked you. You’re a good...agent? Spy?”
Lucifer’s lips pursed, gaging his response, before his expression smoothed back over. “I didn’t take anything from the job.”
,” the word rolled ugly off his tongue, “managed to nab a hot new boy toy. It’s been driving Karla nuts for months now.” He nudged Dean with his elbow. “You after Lucifer?” Dean didn’t respond, but Brady could see the unspoken yes on his face. “Oh man, you always get the big ones!”
He walked straight to the back of the gallery, then pressed in the code to the heavy oak door that accessed the office hall.
“Dude, I’m out. I need—”
Cas glanced over to the annex parking lot beside the library, usually abandoned at this time of day...or any time of day, actually. But today, there were two cars there. There was the silver BMW that Cas immediately recognized. It was that asshole Brady’s ride.
On Monday, when the long, luxurious weekend came to an end, Dean tugged Cas into a cab that drove them to some unknown destination. Apparently, they were going to see an old friend of Dean’s, a friend who had kindly provided them with a private jet and a pricey villa, and everything in between.
He found him there, leaning over the railing, staring out at the lights of the city.
“Yes! Tell that jagoff that this shit is fucking beautiful. So fucking beautiful. It’d fool the royals themselves! So, I’m doubling the price,” he announced.
He sat in the middle of an open plain that stretched out in all directions. A strong breeze created waves in the dark green grass, blowing toward him, carrying the scents and sounds of life from a small village at the edge of the field. Beyond the village, tall snow-capped mountains rose up into the sky, disappearing behind the clouds.
“What nonsense,” Dean chastised. “You’ve seen me naked several times now.”
She wandered off with Alfie again, and Castiel looked back up to Dean expectantly, “Ready for lunch?”
Castiel shrugged. "I asked him to introduce us. I don't want our relationship to be some hidden, unlabeled thing anymore. I feel like I'm at least worth that."
you wished.”
Their gazes locked, and Dean smiled hesitantly. “I know we’re still young, and we’ve got a long way to go before this, but…” he trailed off, his eyes so wide and hopeful and vibrant.
“Cas,” he murmured.
“Um, Cas…”
him; his stepson Marcus is an old school buddy of mine.” He looked up and met Castiel’s gaze directly. “I want Joshua to be a distributor with us too. He’ll still work primarily with you, but even diverting the tiniest bit of his supply chain through our country will help keep down some costs I foresee rising in the near future. Plus, if he builds a warehouse, that’ll be more jobs for my people. And I’m hoping that our countries’ new connection,” he pointed between himself and Cas, “will motivate Joshua into accepting my bid and that, in turn, will later help maintain peace between us.”
Yes, only a fool. A fool, such as Cas had been. But now, with Dean curled into him, with those green eyes staring at him adoringly, Cas knew he’d never miss the signs again.
Cas couldn’t guess how long they would’ve stood there, locked in an intense staring contest, if a car hadn’t flown by just then. It seemed to jolt both of them back to reality, because they both pulled their hands back and took a step apart.
She ignored Cas, despite the fact that just a short while before—before the prince had come to sweep Hannah away—she’d been courting Cas herself.
Time to face the music and answer for his sins.
“Perhaps not,” Hannah gestured to herself, “but you’ll have one of his sisters to guide you.”
Castiel shook his head adamantly, groaning when the action made him dizzy. "Yes there is! Why else would everyone keep doing this to me?"
“It’s okay,” the tall man assured him with a wink. “It’s an easy enough mistake to make.”
"You know it was more than that!" Mary chastised Dean. "And something like that...you can't just let it go. It can be fixed, baby.”
I shrugged. “Probably dinner, someplace special.”
Castiel jumped out of bed and scrambled to get some clothes on before running into the bathroom to check his hair and gargle some mouthwash. He was just pulling on his Chucks when the doorbell rang.
He'd only blushed and giggled, unable to do much more than lean forward for another kiss.
“The Białowieża Forest.”
He pressed a swift kiss to the boy's cheek before straightening back up and heading toward his usual seat in the back.
Sam frowned. “So we got the finger painting. Where’s the host?”
Sure, he could turn on the charm for work, knew how to sell the art. But any more than the requisite few minutes for selling a piece, and the cracks began to show. Those little fissures that had been chipped into place in his childhood, that somehow seemed to splinter further and further with each passing day under a controlling family’s watchful gaze...it never took long for anyone to spot them.
