"I was planning to offer you some distraction but the tent came crashing down." Castiel says, trying not to smile.
"Is that what you've been tensed about for a couple of days?" Cas asked, his voice coming out breathy and more gravelly than usual.
Sam reached out and squeezed her shoulder, “You’re doing all you can. Now she herself has to find a way to heal.”
Sam sighed, wishing there was a way to get legal documents, a marriage certificate to be specific, for a legally dead convict and an ex-angel.
"Cas…" Dean feels the familiar sting behind his eyelids. "My life is not worth giving up your grace for."
“I’m so sorry for your loss, ma’am.” Dean tells her, “If you could give us contact details of his employees, maybe a secretary or something, that would be helpful.”
"Nope, no buts. Come on." He steps out of the car and holds his hand out. Cas takes it and climbs out behind him.
Castiel notices the way Dean stiffens next to him. All of the other neighbors were welcoming and seemingly unfazed by him and Dean, two men, being in a relationship. Cas is familiar with the working of the world enough to understand Dean’s reservations with being perceived as a queer man, especially considering his upbringing. The fact that Linda is someone of the older generation must not be helping. Though the way Linda said
Dean didn't say anything in reply, just extended his hand for Cas to check. When Cas gripped his wrist, it was not like the time when Dean first got the mark, rough and angry. He never asked how Cas
“Talking about a guy behind his back and one’d think you’d have the basic decency to whisper,” Dean said from the other end of the room, awake and grinning wide for someone who was in grave danger. “Mornin’ sunshine. And Sam.”
indecipherable churns in his gaze, leaving Dean breathless. He's off the couch and walking towards Cas before his legs can register the movement. He reaches out to touch Cas, to offer some form of comfort, but his hand freezes mid-air like a broken branch sticking out of a tree when Cas visibly flinches at the prospect.
He lets his mind wander, the destination somehow being Cas. Dean can't comprehend how weird and uneasy it must feel—from being an
He cleared his throat, "It's fine, Dean. Actually I would love to meet them." He leaned against the arm of Dean's chair, squatting down to face the phone. "Hello, guys."
" Dean balks. His brain is buzzing with a million questions about anything and everything. "Wait, are aliens real?"
"Fine," Dean sighs. "Call me as soon as you hear something. Don't think too much and drive yourself crazy."
Dean huffs a laugh, "I tried," he says. "But a case would pop up and I couldn't turn a blind eye. Gotta keep myself in good shape."
“The officers looking into the case have not given me much, and I don’t have anything valuable to give them either,” she says. “I’m trusting you to remedy that.”
If she sees Dean bristle at the mention of his name, then she chooses to say nothing. She props her leg up on his lap and waits patiently.
Sam shrugged, “Two deaths with the same M.O which’s a little bit weird for a coincidence, don’t you think?”
Welcome back to this week's episode of Dean simping and Cas being ridiculously selfless. Hope you enjoy!
"Our subcontractors have received the preliminary project reports and we soon will begin the procedures for the final go ahead." Michael continued. "The team present here will be shifted to Rome temporarily, travel and stay paid. A special treat from Mr.Zachariah Novak"
"Didn't know he was this clingy," Sam snorted. Irene's ruins have faded and Castiel could see light pouring in and they followed the path.
Strong waves of tension roll out of Dean’s soul and Castiel’s grace responds equally. He contains the urge to have some sort of contact with the man; to ease away the discomfort.
"Sit down, Cas," Dean wiggled his fingers as though he was trying to grab him. Castiel lowered himself on the bed next to Dean, their shoulders brushing hesitantly.
“They led Sam away from us during the battle and before we could stop them, they left with Sam.” Ambriel said. “There were no fatalities among them but Nathaniel and Lailah are heavily injured.”
“So, you’re a guy with a few party tricks up his sleeve,” he says, the ghost of Cas’s touch buzzing on his palm as he pulls it back. “It’s not a big deal.”
“Thor does not have long hair,” Cas says, simply, picking up another sword that begins glowing slowly the moment Cas’ hands wrap around its hilt. “This one actually belongs to the Norse Gods. The sword of Surtr.”
"Let's check it out then. It's like an eight hour drive, if we leave now—" Dean paused, his eyes falling on Cas.
"That I can live with," Dean sighed, dropping his head to Castiel's shoulder. If Dean noticed the way Cas's borrowed heart was thudding hard against his ribs, he didn't say anything. "You gotta practice calling me husband, though.
Breakfast turns out to be him and Cas perched upon the kitchen counter eating cereal. Cas downs more caffeine than anyone should ever consume in their lifetime directly from the pot, grumbling about why there is never enough coffee. Dean thinks about buying Cas his own coffee machine and then remembers that Cas isn't his boyfriend and this isn't Full House.
"Don't move or the bullets going right in your chest," Dean kept his eyes trained on her, though his ears were focused on any sounds behind him. Hunter's instinct. He narrowed her eyes at her, “Going on a night prowl, Louisa?”
The sound of a tray clinking against the table caught their attention, and Castiel turned around in time to see the waiter walk away. Four glasses of tequila sunrise, along with a sheet of paper folded into a neat square.
His eyes caught something and Castiel followed Dean's line of vision in time to see Nadia surging forward to kiss Sam.
“Dean,” Cas looked up, wide eyed. The mixture of relief and despair in his eyes threw him off kilter. Cas shook his head slowly, his finger slipping away from the woman’s neck.
“Sometimes certain cases are puzzling enough that we are forced to consider the unnatural possibilities,” Cas tells her as she leads him to the morgue.
"Way out of your league, just saying," Dean pokes Jo in the side of her stomach. "How serious are we talking?"
“Who wouldn’t?” Dean stared at him like Castiel suddenly grew another head. “Why do you keep these locked up in here? Sell it online or if you don’t want that, put it up on the wall at least.”
“Ain’t no skin off my teeth,” he mumbles. “At least you were saving lives instead of deciding to turn your back on the life and shack up with a wife and two kids.”
—and Dean doesn't want Cas to leave so he keeps his mouth shut. The bridge ahead of them is one long road of potholes and thorns, getting closer and closer until the time to burn it will inevitably fall over their heads like an anvil, but for now, they're good.
“Hold your horses,” Luke- Gabriel waves his hand. “He’s gonna kick my ass for making you almost crash your car, but what can I say? I’ve got a flare for dramatics.”
They start from the opposite end, ruling out each end and Castiel ends up opening Mary Winchester’s door. Her memories are made of John, a young boy with blonde hair and unmistakable sparkling green eyes, with a bundle of towel in her arms from where two tiny fists poke out into the air. Mary Winchester is at peace, and in her memories, so are John, Sam and Dean. Castiel is relieved that Dean does not have to go through a reminder of his painful past at the sight. Meanwhile, Dean moves through the doors, making comments about the relatives of his he does not recognize and assigning them imaginary relations he makes up impromptu. Castiel shakes his head in dejection but laughs along as Dean secures himself a large number of aunts, uncles and cousins, until finally they meet in the middle, a single door left to be opened.
Castiel braves his eyes up to Dean, everything else being too difficult to focus on, "I don't know what is right, Dean." He says.
“Ted was working late that night,” Mrs. Steller says, wiping her face on a handkerchief, “We were supposed to go out for dinner, but he cancelled that last minute…” Tears stream down her face.
, Nemiah and Camael charge forward and Dean kicks his brain back into action and steps forward to stand between them and Ruby.
Castiel followed him back into the room, the warmth making him shudder. "You should lock your door. Anyone could have just walked in."
The joke falls flat, but Cas still smiles, and Dean wants to ask him a hundred million questions, but he can't seem to unglue his tongue from the roof of his mouth. Cas gets on his feet and extends a hand to him, helping Dean up. He flops down onto the bed and pats the mattress, gesturing for Cas to sit.
There was a time when Castiel would've been left confused—even terrified—of what he was feeling right now. When the duty of rescuing Michael's vessel from hell, it was nothing but a mere duty. But the moment he laid his hand on Dean's soul, he knew he would never feel anything that intense. The magnitude of beauty the hunter's soul held was unmatched to anything he had ever witnessed. Both Sam and Dean's souls were pure in their own way but no other responded to Castiel's grace the way Dean's soul did. The most devastating part of being human was that he couldn't see Dean's soul anymore, though it didn't matter. Now, he could concentrate on the sound of Dean's laughter and the twinkle in his eyes when he made a joke; and it was beautiful all the same.
"I'm still riding the high," Sam grins, waving his hand dismissively. "Once I crash, you'll have to drag me back home."
Dean felt a kiss being pressed to his temple, something like a reward, ’cause, yeah, Cas knew how hard it was for him.
“I went to get a few supplies, I hope you don’t mind,” Cas says, and then pauses. “Dean, are you drunk?”
Dean dragged him away to a corner away from where people were gathered and as soon as their legs came to a stop, Dean leaned closer, resting his forehead on Cas’s shoulder. Cas placed his palm on the nape of Dean’s neck and rubbed small circles with his thumb in an attempt to ease out the tension. He smiled when Dean sighed and pressed closer. Castiel was more than happy to be the comfort his friend needed.
Cas sits up straight instead, "Are we going to keep ignoring everything that has happened between us?"
He drops to his knees near the six tails that splay on the muddy ground, plaintive and unmoving at the brush of his fingers.
His friend, for all his tough exterior, was nothing but a man who lost and lost until he taught himself to numb his own heart. Yet he was so full of love, and if Castiel could give him even a part of what Dean poured out to the people he cared about, then Cas would consider himself worthy.
In the back of his mind Dean knew if Louisa was the one behind this, she’d have hexed him the moment her eyes fell on him. Besides, he could see it in her eyes. Call it experience, Dean could tell she wasn’t lying. He’d seen the way she and Terra looked at each other.
He will have to trust Cas here, because Cas knows better. He always does. Dean’s even more sure of it when Cas pulls him closer, guiding Dean’s head to his shoulder, because Dean needs this.
Ella wraps her whole fist around his forefinger and Dean all about loses it. He doesn't know if it's the days of repressed emotions or the relief of seeing his niece safe in his arms and her mother gleaming with joy, Dean swallows down a sob at the sight of his family.
They help Eileen up the backseat and Jo climbs in with her. Dean panics for another moment before Jo whacks him on the forehead, "Drive. I'll call Sam."
Sam walked into the kitchen to be greeted with the sight of an avalanche of pancakes sitting on the table, and if his brother and his friend were a part of the package then Sam will just have to ignore them. Not that it mattered because Dean was busy hip-checking Cas away from the sink to notice Sam’s arrival. He cleared his throat, and as expected, Dean jumped like a cat who just saw a cucumber and Cas stayed rooted where he was.
"My car is compromised. Cassie. Don’t ask too many questions.” Gabriel said. “Now give me the keys and I’ll get going.”
“I sent Sam off to the scene early, told him I’d catch up with you,” Dean turns around, walking out to the parking lot. “I’ll need a ride.”
“If you pull the right strings, you can be back in tops a month.” Gabriel grinned at him, “I will take care of this place like my own.”
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas' waist and rested his chin on his shoulder, "What's so special about this boyfriend?"
. Every time the thought that he's in love with an angel of the Lord ㅡ or even better, Cas loves him right back ㅡ comes to his head, Dean feels hot and cold all at once. There is this giant gaping pit in his stomach that never forgets to remind him how easy it is for him to lose Cas, just as easy as it is to forget all his worries in the angel's presence. Dean's inner monologue starts to turn eerily close to some Keats poem, so he shakes himself out of his own head.
He placed a hand on his friend’s shoulder and gave it a shake, “Cas, buddy, it’s just a nightmare. Wake up!”
It took him all his willpower to not crawl back into Cas' arms and stay there as long as could. Instead, he stepped out into the empty hallway, the cool morning air making him shiver. He wondered why it felt like a breakup even when they were not in a relationship. His chest felt heavy as he climbed down the stairs, drawing his jacket tighter around himself.
"He's in good shape, Sammy," Dean mumbled, eyes falling shut. "Y'nt tell 'cause of the stupid coat."
“He’s already all on board with getting the place, even after hearing about what happened there recently,” Dean nudges him. “Bit of a daredevil, this one.”
“There is no need to apologize, Dean,” Cas reached out, pressing a hand to Dean’s shoulder, right where his hand print stood burned. Dean felt his whole body light up like a Christmas tree, waves of crackling light buzzing down to his spine. Cas’s blue eyes kept him pinned to the spot, and Dean had never been more happier. “Your safety is of utmost importance to me,” he said.
"Don't put words in my mouth," Dean waggled a finger his way. "I'm just saying this is gonna be a disaster."
Cas' face is stone cold when he speaks, "Tell us what you know about Lilith, demon." Dean reminds himself the guy he cuddled up to last night is a literally celestial being, capable of squashing him like a bug. The thought makes him feel a bunch of things that warrants a visit to the psych ward.
"No." Castiel eyes the building. "I don't expect them to hold Sam captive anywhere obvious, considering how that could easily catch attention. Then again, they could be double bluffing."
Dean hopped up on the marble counter, drying his hair with one of Castiel's ridiculously fluffy towels. He's had his fair share of awkward incidents ranging from mild to Sammy walking in on him eating out his high school girlfriend. Then again, this is one big pickle.
In that night, in the hallway of a dingy motel, Dean has everything he ever wanted and everything he never deserved.
Dean notices the small smile on Sam’s face, probably from Cas’s newfound technical abilities. Dean chuckles softly, shaking his head, because his two favorite people in the whole goddamn world are both fucking nerds.
"Dean, I-" A knock echoes on the other side of the door. Sam peaks in, his eyes landing instantly on Castiel.
"Cas," Dean breathes, holding his hand out, only hoping Cas would take it. Cas does. Of course he does. "Cas, I'm so fucking sorry…"
“It doesn’t really matter, Cas,” Dean runs a hand through Cas’ hair, “Maybe he left to see what his kids would do with his creation. At least, I’m sure you didn’t disappoint him.”
It’s a good thing Dean has no answer to that question, because even if he did, he wouldn’t be saying much. Not when Cas looks so—just so
Fixing Baby was something Dean could do in his sleep so it barely took a few minutes before her engines were up and kicking. He pulled back into the city, driving past his apartment and down to Sam's place.
Cliffhanger again? I'm sorry ;) Hope you enjoyed the chapter. Let me know in the comments! See you next week.
Dean is exhausted and broken and terrified of his own mind. Trying to breathe hurts, so he doesn't. Instead, he yanks Cas forward into a kiss, every inch of his being screaming at him to not to dump his pathetic self on the man. But, Dean might die if he doesn't. He will die.
“Fine. G’night.” The movie played on into a dull murmur in the back of his mind and Dean let him head drop to the back of the couch, a stream of air rushing out of his lungs.
“It’s office hours.” Castiel tossed the keys to his brother. “If I find any traffic offenses, I will end you.”
"That's the thing, I didn't." Dean said. "We met at a party yesterday and really clicked, you know. He was funny and smart and really fucking hot. The guy said he moved to town to join his family business and apparently it was the fucking Novak Contracting."
Dean whipped his head around, catching sight of a man holding a stack of files in his hand, frowning at them over the rim of his glasses.
The newlyweds kissed and the crowd broke into applause, as they walked down the aisle, hand in hand, followed by the rest of the congregation. Soon enough, the dreaded photo session — the sequel: this time it was personal — commenced. Dean smiled cheesily for the photos, dying inside every passing second. If the photographer had said 'let me see those smiles' one more time, Dean would have put his head through a wall.
"Optimism looks good on you," Cas stated simply. Dean could feel his eyes on the back of his head like a physical thing, but he kept his gaze on the road.
"You'll have to take that up with the big man upstairs," Dean shrugs. "'Sides I don't wanna wake up to find our goddamn plant can talk, so no, let them be the way they are."
"Well, I thought I was a freak of nature or some shit," Dean continues, not sure if he's got anything in reply to Cas' honest words. "Realized it wasn't that melodramatic when I went out to college. It's not been that bad since then, 'course there are times when things aren't that great but I turn around and I've got people who care, people who sees me for who."
The room was unusually quiet for a while. That was until, Ruby walked over to Vic and shoved a dollar bill into his pocket. Aaron sighed and handed another bill to Anna, mumbling under his breath.
He regarded the room around him, seemingly well furnished, though walls are pretty bare except for the long canvas lining the wall on his right. A naked charcoal figure crouched on the far end of the canvas, it’s frail body a mess of distorted smoke, knees pressed to it’s chest. A set of wings broke out from it’s back and extended to the other end. There was a sense of morbidity to the painting — the dark colours and the dystopian backdrop surrounding the angelic figure — still, it was gorgeous.
There is an apology bubbling on his tongue and he almost says it out loud, but Cas shakes his head with a smile and wraps an arm around Dean’s shoulder, tugging him down.
To have Cas close by and to know he’s alive is more than Dean deserved. If something he said messed it up and Cas ended up leaving, Dean couldn’t be able to live with the weight of that.
Castiel still doesn’t have a clue regarding the matter of ducks, but he says, “As long as you promise to be careful, you can punch a few angels.”
Dean’s eyes simmered with unshed tears as he drew in a deep breath, “I want—” his throat rippled as he swallowed. “Cas, I…”
Dean drops the man's deadweight onto the couch, his back popping as he straightens up. The man whines, his eyes fluttering under the effort to focus on the world around him.
"Dean, please…" Cas pants, eyes now open as he watches him. Dean takes a deep breath and swallows Cas down in one go, taking as much as he can without gagging. He's a bit out of practice but remembers enough tricks to make a guy's toes curl, courtesy of turning tricks. He grabs one of Cas' hands and guides it to his head, letting Cas fix the pace.
He wipes his face on a towel, tossing it on the sink counter and walks back into the room to find Cas curled up on the couch, only a mop of dark hair poking out of the blanket wrapped around him.
Sam bit down a smile at the genuine relief reflected in Dean's voice. His brother was right—everyone was alive and well for once and there was no apocalypse knocking on their door. Sam was more than willing to hold on to that as long as he could.
“You carried that weight, Dean. Ever since you were a child, all you knew about yourself was that you had to be strong enough to carry it,” Cas said softly, and Dean’s heart stuttered a little. “Now that you let me, even Sam, shoulder some of that weight, the love can emerge from within. All you have to do is keep your heart open, and I promise to never hurt you.”
"Cas, hey. No," Jaime tugs at his sleeve until he looks up at her. "You tried your best, it wasn't your fault."
Castiel rolled his eyes, knowing the conversation was over. “Only if you volunteer to be my first patient.”
Olivia giggles quietly, seemingly satisfied with her two new friends. She heads for the kitchen and Cas sees Linda’s gaze trail her with a sad smile on her face.
"Yeah, I ain't gonna do that," Joseph snorts. "Anyways, try not to get yourself killed out there, kid."
Cas pulls away first, though not before pressing a final kiss to Dean's lips, "I'm sorry for dropping by like this, but Gabriel–"
"Are these worn only by grandmothers?" Cas question, the genuine curiosity in his voice making it so hard not to laugh.
They each grabbed a beer and settled down on stools facing each other. Nadia was looking gorgeous as ever—the pale yellow glow of the hanging lights in the tent highlighting her sharp features. She caught him watching and smiled, a sliver of which he caught right before he ducked his head to hide the color in his cheeks.
"I love you," Dean tugged him forward, their lips meeting in a kiss that said what words could never. Words were never enough for them.
“If it were before I met you, I would have said ‘God works in mysterious ways’,” Cas huffs a small laugh, which is so fucking adorable on its own, except for the tint of sadness behind it. “Now, I’m not sure what his intentions are.”
The days were getting shorter, the sky turning a shade of crimson. As he drove past the row of houses decorated with hanging skeletons and Jack O'lanterns, Dean remembered the halloween back in Kansas, where everyone knew everyone else and life was easier.
“Who did this?” Cas asks, his tone burning with fury, so much so that Dean pulls his hand away on instinct.
“Dream on, Strawberry Shortcake.” Dean held his drink up, away from her reach, “This is for me and Meg. Should’ve thought about it before you ditched me at the bar.”
“I’m not the one to speak for Cas but giving up his grace was his own choice, Dean.” Sam snaps back. “And for what you did while you were a demon, even if I couldn’t forgive you, which I do by the way, he would still vouch for you.”
"Sure," Homer shrugged, heading for the door, "Everything inside of them is now in the fridge. Don't make a mess."
It’s an uneventful night for Cas from there on, but Dean’s having the worst time of his life, clutching the porcelain throne and evicting his guts out of his body. Fun times. Cas’s hand is still on his back, and there’s something cold pressing against Dean’s forehead. The favors Dean owes Cas is stockpiling, and he’ll have to die for Cas a couple of times to make up for all this.
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas greeted. He even had that little smile playing on his lips and Dean was sure it was somehow his birthday and Christmas.
“Yeah,” he laughed, sipping his beer. “We lost our mom when I was baby and Dean was just four. He’s been both my mom and dad since then.”
Castiel's heart ached at the tear lodged weight in Dean's voice. Charlie was his friend too but she was a sister to Dean, one of the constants in his life. With the way they cared about each other, it was unfair that Dean was not getting the time he needed to grieve, especially with the survivor's guilt he must be experiencing, having Charlie sacrifice her life to protect him.
"She's a demon, Dean. We kill demons." Sam states, "You think I care enough to vouch for her after we get what we need?"
"Dean, please…I want to see you." Cas pants after a while, dragging his hard length dragging between his cheeks.
“It’s because I’m his favorite, ‘van,” Jaime grins. “Besides, I have to go back to work tomorrow. I deserve it.”
"When he got really drunk he'd start mouthing off about how Mom should've been here instead of Sam," he breathes out. "I couldn't let the kid hear all that so I'd say something to piss him off enough to throw a punch or two at me, enough to distract him from saying all that shit."
"Sam, enough!" Dean cuts him off in a tone Sam knows is the final word. "I trust Cas. For one, he's been here for five days and he hasn't axed me yet. Second, he gave me the full story without shuffling around and if you met the guy you'd know how he is."
around like puppets just because you can.” He says, “When push comes to shove, you gotta pick a side, Cas.”
Dean lets out a muffled gasp, knuckles white as he curls his fingers into the sheets, holding on for dear life.
I'm uploading this chapter a day early because I've to go get vaccinated tomorrow and after the first dose I know I won't be able to open my eyes, forget updating. Anyways, hope you enjoy!
"Dean," he reached out, hands moving on its own accord as he pulled the hunter into a hug. Dean stilled a moment before settling in Cas's arms, a pained noise escaping his chest.
Dean Winchester is nothing more than witty one liners and carefully crafted bravado, but this time, nothing helps to stop the dam from breaking. When he meets Castiel's eyes, it takes him all of his strength to not blurt out the three precious words he's been nurturing in his chest for years on end.
“You know the story then.” She throws her head over her shoulder to look at him, her gaze icy. Cas had told him Nemiah had to leave heaven to live with the love of her life on earth, and was allowed back in only after Zachariah’s great regime fell. By then, her husband was long dead. “I was always the selfish black sheep but Castiel was the perfect soldier, and then he met you.”
“This is nothing compared to the time we went to Hawaii,” Hillary bellowed. “Poor Ben here had to get tetanus. Clumsy guy.” she chuckled, slapping her husband’s chest playfully.
“Alright, how about a rematch?” Castiel grins at his opponent, pulling out another hundred dollar bill. “All in?”
As soon as Sam, Ruby and Bobby step, Castiel watches Dean lock the door behind them, a mischievous glint in his eyes.
"M'kay," Dean's eyelids fluttered open slowly. Even under the meek illumination of the flashlight, Castiel could see the flecks of gold that danced in Dean's irises, only on one of them though, since the other one was dilated almost to a full extent.
Secrets are another peculiar behavior exhibited by humans. They lie and come back to holy sanctuaries, begging for forgiveness. Yet, they never stop. The lies and mistrust are as strong as a part of humanity as is love and forgiveness.
The idea of Cas drowning a spider is not as amusing as the look of absolute remorse and sadness on his face—the same angel who is older than creation and has fought heavenly battles. Dean bites the inside of his cheeks to keep himself from laughing.
Sam sighs, frustration etched into his features, “That’s just bullshit, Dean. You didn’t go to Disneyland, you went to hell. Just talk to me, or someone, because keeping all that crap in is going to kill you.”
“Been trying for a while now. I don’t know what this bitch has me tied to,” Dean squirmed around, possibly trying to untie himself.
"Right." Dean walked over to the kitchen and sure enough, Sam was propped up on the kitchen counter, a book in one hand and a half eaten apple in the other. His shaggy hair was an even bigger mess and there were weeks worth of bags under his eyes.
The silence is not as unnerving as he had imagined, even the absence of something small but habitual, like the ticking of a clock somehow calming. Dean looks up at the ceiling as he lies back on the slightly dusty but soft mattress, wondering if the complete stillness would start to get eerie as the day grows dark.
"I do," Dean flicked Cas's arm. "Doesn't mean we gotta hop on the first case we find. You and Sam are here and alive, the world is not ending for once and I can live with that for now."
"Dean," an hand comes to rest on his arm, pulling an involuntary shudder out of Dean at the touch. "You are not a coward, quite the opposite, in fact. Existence is difficult no matter who you are and you're nothing but loving and considerate."
Dean voiced it so easily but they both knew it was not an option. At least, not to Castiel. There were many things Castiel did in the name of the greater good, but harming even a hair on Dean Winchester's head was not one of them. He simply could never.
“We all know how that went.” Charlie pointed out. “I wouldn’t be surprised if you two decide to elope one fine morning.”
“She’s really pretty,” Olivia walks closer, perching herself on the edge of the coffee table. “Her hair is really long and she always stands next to the window. I tried to wave at her but she won’t wave back. I think she’s lonely.”
“Pfft, you’ll always be my little bro, Cas,” he says, turning to fix his gaze on Dean. “You chuckles, if you ever hurt my brother, I’ll skin you alive.”
"It is quite romantic," Cas replies, deciding not to pay much attention to the tantrum Dean seems to be throwing.
Cas goes on to explain the different weapons and Dean contemplates going back and laying down on the bed as he feels his eyelids heavyㅡhe doesn’t even remember the last time he sleptㅡbut Cas is right there, so instead Dean wraps his hand around Cas’ waist and rests his chin on his shoulder. He talks about the Lance of Olyndicus, something called a
The figure that was leaning on the armchair next to the window was surely Cas, which was confirmed by the soft, "Dean," whispered his way.
“Right,” Sam rubs a hand across his face, “So what if we find Lilith and kill her before she gets to break any more of the seals?”
He spotted the redhead at the end of the hall, leaning against the wall as she waved her hand enthusiastically, chatting up the dark haired girl who watched her with fascination.
Dean doesn’t need to be told twice. He’s out of the door even before it’s fully open, handing his card to Cindy.
"Woah, slow down. I didn't say that," Dean said quickly. "Just...let's not go looking for cases that hard. If something catches our eyes we'll work it."
It's too much of his soul he's baring to a stranger, but Cas is good. Cas wouldn't judge him, Dean knows.
"You didn't." Dean ran a hand through his hair. "Even if you did, it was probably another spur of the moment. Like when you said you liked me back then." He was dangerously close to spilling the truth but he had it enough being hung up on someone who he had no business even trying to get with.
"Good, you're alright," Dean said, simple, easy. Out of the corner of his vision he saw Sam roll his eyes and Dean knew better than to open that can of worms now. Or ever.
“Thoughts help fill the silence,” Cas gathered up his wrap, trying not to let any stray pieces of chicken fall down. “Human mind is so...quiet.”
Dean lifted his hand to squeeze Cas's shoulder, "We've got a case to workout and apparently that involves playing house," he sighed. "I don't wanna go out fighting. People might think I don't treat my man well."
"Huh, Nadia was right," Sam said, eyes fixed on the avalanche of gift baskets sitting on the porch steps.
Dean glared at him for a good ten seconds before dropping the Impala's key into his hand, "Not a scratch."
"I'm making breakfast today," Cas announces, and Dean doesn't know what to say to that, not when Cas's hand trails down Dean's arm—and that's not fair play. "Go sit down, Dean."
"Look, I know it's weird. Hell, I myself don't know how I'm here." Dean says, "So you test me all you want and keep the gun up. Shoot me if I attack you."
“I did not want any of you to hear this from any sources of rumor.” Cas began, “Dean and I are in a relationship.”
“Still alive and kicking,” he grunts, as if that’s disappointing. “As for me, I’ve got nothing interesting going on ’cept for an arthritis that’s getting worse.”
"Stop psychoanalyzing me, asshole," Dean chuckles, clearing his throat aiming for a more believable tone and says,"Seriously, I'm good."
"I'm glad you know how important it is that I leave," Cas says with a smile that doesn't quite reach his eyes.
"I don't know about that but Dean is an amazing person. " Cas said. "He doesn't give himself enough credit."
Lunch is uncharacteristically quiet, Cas poking at his meatballs looking up only once in a while to throw cold glances Dean's way. Dean runs and reruns everything he said to Cas in his head, trying to figure out if he messed up somewhere.
“Fine, whatever.” Dean turns to Ruby, a finger right up to her face, “Pull some kind of trick and you will be real sorry.”
Night. “I still have some inventory left to take, I could do that and maybe translate a few books by the time you’re done.
Cas laughs softly, "Neither do I," he says. "I'm overwhelmed with the way I feel about you, and a huge part of it is way beyond my understanding…"
“All done,” Sam said, and moved to pack up the first aid kit. “I think you’ll be alright to sleep now. Though, I’m gonna wake you up every couple of hours just to be sure.”
Dean turns to face the angel, closing the distance between them with a kiss. He feels Cas melt into it, hands coming around to circle Dean’s waist. They stand there exploring each other’s mouths until Dean’s skin feels like it’s on fire. He pulls away, raising a hand to cup Cas’ jaw.
"Yeah, just like that," Dean shrugs. "Ever since mom died he's been a ghost, floating in and out of our lives whenever he felt like. We had a dad on paper, that's all. I was kinda relieved when he left, I was scared there would come a day when I slipped up and failed to protect Sammy from him…"
Cas cups the side of his face, running a thumb across the delicate skin under his eyes, “Are you alright with this, Dean?”
"Oh, for fuck's sake!" he snapped, anger and panic taking over him. "This is not about any of that. We have a plan and we're gonna stick to it. If you're too good to be my– pretend to be my husband then just say it."
By the time the movie is over, Cas is yawning hard, catching himself in surprise at the foreign action.
“That son of a bitch,” Dean spits out. “If Sammy knew what was going on, his ninja turtle ass wouldn’t stand a chance.”
"Indeed." Castiel nods. "We cannot be sure regarding the effectiveness of the weapon, but everyone here, excluding Dean, witnessed the devil's fall and the damage said weapon induced."
"Three pairs of wings," Castiel replies, slightly confused by the tangent of their conversation. "Why did you ask?"
“So, how did you end up taking her under your wing?” he asks, not just as a desperate change of subject, but Cas hasn’t said much about what he has been up to in the past three years.
"Do you think you can trust everyone in there?" Dean asks, watching the angels gathered in small groups, murmuring and shooting glances at them..
When Cas drags himself and a half asleep Jaime into the house, Ivan is still awake, sitting upside down on the couch with his legs resting against the wall and his head hanging off the seat.
"Yeah, that's good," Dean nods to no one. "Don't work yourself up, she's a tough cookie. And if it's anything to go by their uncle, the baby is a tougher one."
Those things can work itself out in the morning. Right now, Dean had two options in front of him. Order a pizza and catch up on Ozark with his beer to keep him company or call Benny and head to a bar like a normal person on a weekend.
“I can’t tell you that a human being did this,” she purses her lips. “But, I don’t have a sane explanation for this from a medical point of view either.”
Castiel wrapped his hand around Dean's palm on his cheek, turning his head to press a kiss to it. "Come here, Dean."
and Dean gets onto his feet, mind resolute on exploring the place before it gets too dark to appreciate the beauty.
"It's nothing," Dean says, snatching his laptop from the coffee table. "You wanna take a shower before going to bed?"
“Keep your fetishes to yourself, Dean.” Cas said, and Dean could hear the grin in his voice. He just sat there staring at Cas like the useless bisexual he was, until Cas turned to look at him with an amused expression on his face. “Oh my God, I was joking, Dean. Though, it looks like-”
He reached out and placed his palm over Cas’s eyes, “You gotta close your eyes to fall asleep, asshat.”
“It symbolizes grief from separation…” Cas mused. “Not from separation itself, but the cost to be paid for earning the freedom.”
Dean forgets what he's supposed to do and why he's here when he sees the corpse of Alastair still strewn on the floor, a pool of blood surrounding it. Dean clenches his fist, the feeling of his blade passing clean through that demon's chest still livid in his memory. The heat surrounding them claws under Dean's skin, and his head is spinning and-
The door swings open, footsteps coming to stop behind him. Castiel looks up at the man behind him through the mirror, the bright overhead lights of the restroom highlighting his sandy brown hair and green eyes, familiar enough to stir an ache in Castiel. Still, it’s not the right shade of brown or green. It never is.
There were a lot of sleepless nights and visits to the porcelain God involved, but Cas soon adjusted. At least as well as an angel-turned-human could.
Castiel glances back at the demon through the rear view mirror, fidgeting slightly in her presence, the black smoke that is her soul twisting and bubbling. She looks equally uncomfortable, judging by her demeanor.
After four months, eight days and eighteen hours, Dean can finally breathe. Or he did for three whole seconds before his brain decided it was time to crash. Dean pinches his arm ones more, just to make sure this is not another fucked up version of Chuck's illusions.
Cas nods and places the now empty bowl on the coffee table, his hands instantly going back to his shoulders to pull the blanket close. Dean has to remind himself every few minutes that the man in front of him is literally an ancient cosmic being, but Cas makes it so easy to forget that. It doesn't take much to pretend like he's just a plain old Joe, though there is absolutely nothing plain or bland about him, every small feature standing out as quite peculiar in the best way possible. Dean knows if they had met under different circumstances, Cas would
"Thank God." Dean ushered. "I really didn't wanna ditch you here." He walked over to the passenger seat and held the door open. Cas smiled at him before climbing in, and Dean was already addicted to the way his eyes wrinkled and the barely there curve of his lips.
"We had a few visitors while you were out." Dean says, "Your buddy Uriel and some other douchebags."
“How are you holding up, Cas?” Dean asked suddenly, his head turned to face Cas where he leaned back against the wall.
“The chick from the morgue,” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, turning to look at Cas. “I told you there was something off about her.”
Cas’s chest rumbled softly as he breathed out a sigh. “How much alcohol were you planning to imbibe before you let me or Sam help?”
Camael looks at him and down at his hand before shaking it, grip to soft and unsteady, as though he's never done it before. Dean can't help but snort, knowing that's probably the case.
Dean wanted to argue, wanted to say it was impossible or it wasn’t worth it, but all he could do was believe Cas, “I know,” he breathed out. “Can’t thank you enough for it.”
"You've got me and Dean to help you through this, alright?" he offered, feeling more than grateful for Cas in that moment. They owed a hell lot of their lives to the guy. "It's not that bad, being human."
"If anything, Cas is a pain in my ass." Dean smirked, Castiel being the only one getting the innuendo behind it.
he wanted to hug him so bad. Part of him expected Cas to show up bloody and beaten up, just like how he did in Dean's nightmares.
“She’s all good, Sammy,” Dean pulls his flailing limbs down into a hug. “You might hear some screaming soon but it’s just contractions. Don’t worry.”
“Oh, piss off,” Sam rolled his eyes, digging into his breakfast, but not before saying, “You guys are in an awfully good mood today.”
“Thank you,” Cas ducks his head with a smile. It’s adorable. That’s twice in an hour Dean has thought of the word
"Dean, look at me," Cas tilts his face up, but Dean can't meet his eyes. The pity he would see in them—yeah, that will wreck him.
"Good, or else you'd have had no way to defend yourself when I tore you a new one," she pulled each of them into a hug.
"Yeah, she was hitting on you," Dean says absently, remembering how he was tempted to tip her less just out of sheer spite. "Anyways, do you wanna go there for lunch?"
“No, Dean. Wanting us safe is different from keeping us sheltered,” Cas counters. “We would have helped you. I would have, even if you couldn’t tell Sam about the angel possessing him. I would have been happy to remove myself from your vicinity if it meant Sam was alive and healthy.”
“You kidding me, Cas?” Dean exclaimed. “If that’s not impressive then I wanna know what impressive looks like to you. I mean, I get it, family business and everything but maybe when you get bored of all this, you could paint.”
Dean presses the heel of his hand against his hand against his eyes, sharp pressure building against his temples. An arm slides around his shoulder and Dean jumps, only remembering now that Cas has been in the room this whole time.
“It has to be-” Nemiah cuts herself off, her brows knitting together in concentration. “Dean, get behind me.”
Cas cups his cheek and leans closer, pressing a soft kiss to his lips. He pulls away, a shy smile gracing his lips. “Is this okay?”
“It was a straight tunnel. I don’t remember taking any turns.”  Dean says, “But it was dark in there and I couldn’t see shit.”
Dean woke up with a crick in his neck, having slept weird. Cas though, seemed unbothered as he shuffled closer to Dean, octopus grip around his waist. Dean chuckled, running his fingers through Cas' hair, leaning down to pepper kisses on his face.
"Heaven's loyalties are split right now. Most angels working under Zachariah's orders are too afraid to disobey from fear of falling." Cas says. "A few of my own garrison members now work for Zachariah and Uriel. They summoned me, faked an emergency and captured me. Luckily, a few of the other angels both in and out of my garrison were suspicious of the rulings. They helped me escape."
"Nah, Cas." Dean chokes out, drawing a deep breath and slapping on his best grin before turning around. "You gonna eat that burger or what?"
"I ain't gonna promise." Bobby grumbles and Dean wants to run forward and wrap the man in a hug but he also doesn't wanna die, so he stays put. "Silver bullets with a little surprise for demons carved in it. So whatever you are, it ain't gonna be fun."
"Hey," Dean slides his legs off Castiel's lap and drifts closer to Castiel's end of the couch. "So, help me understand. I know I've got a quarter of a brain of what's needed to get angelic discography into my head but you sound like you're having an identity crisis and I wanna help. So, talk to me."
Sam made a snorting noise before handing the phone to Castiel. "Just check to see if both his pupils are dilated differently," he instructed.
"If this seal can be broken only with Lilith actually being there, then chances are she's got high security around here." Sam says.
The moment Eileen's screams cut to a stop and a tiny sharp wailing noise takes its place, Dean lets out a huff of air.
If the Winchester’s had anything in common, it was caring about others all the time and lack of subtlety and Jess was checking all the boxes. When Dean told Sam and Jess his plans, they both almost yelled loud enough for Cas to hear it all the way at their place. That was the very same reason Dean didn’t tell them until the last minute after he had everything planned. Charlie was way better at acting cool than Dean imagined. Then again, Charlie was so many things.
"Awh, don't be like that," Dean grins, jostling the pan to spread the grease around. "I've developed tolerance and you're due for a lifetime of bacon. We'll be fine."
He ran a hand over his face, “I get you, Cas. But you know how Dean is. He thinks his own life is a guilty weight he should carry on his shoulders.”
Oh, he’s not even started. “This whole hell shindig was just another metal rod to my already busted up tail light of a life, man. I’m broken and no matter how hard you try to justify, it doesn’t magically fix squat.”
“The place is heavily warded against angels.” Castiel says, from the backseat. “You need to enter and break the warding.”
He waits for a little while longer, making sure Dean is not having any more nightmares and returns back to heaven, his fingertips tingling without reason.
"Shoulda just let me be." Dean spits out through gritted teeth. "I didn't ask you to drag me back here." A sick part of him enjoys the way Cas curls his palm into a fist, clearly restraining from punching Dean.
“I would find better ways if that were the case,” Rowena answers. “Now, how are you boys doing? Is the not-angel still with you?”
Dean gets some of his senses back at that, “You were at the hospital! Were you tailing me?” he barks.
"Dammit," he mutters, reaching for his phone. The caller id shows it's Sam and Dean remembers another crisis he has been temporarily averting for a while now. "Cas, I've to get this, you can pause if you don't wanna watch alone."
As Sam left to look for the entrance, Castiel slumped against the floor, shifting to make Dean more comfortable. He ran his fingers through the hunter's hair and quietly said, "That was incredibly stupid of you, Dean."
Dean runs a hand through his hair, a cold fist tightening around his heart. “I hear ya, Cas. Loud and clear,” he says. “For what it’s worth, I’m sorry.”
“Oh, Samuel. Don’t be upset, deary,” Rowena cooed. “I stayed out of trouble like a good little witch, didn’t I?”
When he met Dean’s gaze, those green eyes were looking back at him with an unreadable expression. Suddenly, Castiel was being pulled into an embrace, Dean’s body warm against his. Castiel stiffened, gently wrapping his arms around Dean’s torso.
Cas has his hand raised half way as though he was about to knock and Dean flushes head to toe, expertly swallowing his tongue when he needs it the most.
Emily was sitting on the couch with a blanket wrapped around her, eyes filled with a far-away look, as though he registered nothing happening around her. They went over their routine questions, and Emily answered with shakes and nods of her head, only pausing to sob quietly into her palm. Whenever his attention slipped to Nadia, she was watching him with equal reverence. Sam ducked his head, trying to keep his mind from wandering.
Castiel led the two factions under his command into seclusion surrounding the building making up the office, far enough to stay out of the sight of enemy lines but close enough to witness any abrupt movements.
"If ya idjits done cuddling, get in here and help me with the dishes." Bobby walks off into the kitchen, ducking his head to hide the tears. Dean smiles.
“Give me your hand,” Cas says, and Dean holds his palm out without question, because if Cas wants to hold his hand, then who’s he to say no. Instead, Cas picks up a pen from the table and draws a small line across his palm. Dean watches as Cas sweeps a thumb over the blue ink, making the line vanish.
"You're starting to sound like the shrink I never had," Dean chuckles. "I've put him in my past, Cas. At least I try to. It ain't easy when I don't even know if that fucker is alive or not. All I've ever gotten from him is an email that I still can't bring myself to open."
"It's not that bad. I don't even think you need stitches. Cas healed most of it, now some bandages would do."
“Of course.” Dean shifted his drink to the other hand, extending his free one to Castiel, “I’m Dean.”
“You don’t have to, Dean.” Cas says. “You’re constantly beating yourself up over something or the other and every time I have a vague idea of what you’re going through. But this time I’m human, and my own emotions turned out to be more than I could handle.”
It was not like he had a choice. Between the general problem of insomnia along with the nightmares as a package meant not getting a full six hours in a stretch. There was no point mulling over all that.
“Dean,” Cas said softly, and Dean jumped when he felt a hand over his own where it was wrapped around Cas’s wrist. “Why would I get bored of you?”
“Oh, Mr. Winchester here works for our architecture department.” Michael said. “You see brother, our company had a program where we recruited young bloods, and Mr.Winchester here has proven to be a great asset to the firm.”
"Don't want that happening, do we?" the man grinned, his hand still holding Dean's forearm. "Oh, where's my manners. I'm Luke."
"Not now, Cas." Dean cut him off. Castiel dropped the subject, not wanting to make him more miserable that he already was.
"Lie down, Cas," Dean said, or at least he tried, but his tongue was feeling all slosh-y in his mouth.
Dean twirls the glass in his hand, the first and only drink he’ll probably have tonight. There are a lot of things he wants to tell Cas, starting with everything that happened after the trails, but Dean would take a whole vamps’ nest on his own instead of having to do this. Because, it’s important.
Dean stands there, staring at the curled up figure, not sure what to say next until Sam clears his throat from his bed. Dean sighs and heads back to the empty bed, feeling no better than he did in the past week. Sam flickers the lights off and Dean watches the dark silhouette of Cas on the couch, sound asleep. The sight does nothing to ease the pain in his chest, having Cas so close but knowing not an atom of him deserves to be anywhere near the former angel. Dean sometimes wishes he could start over, clean slate and everything. Spend another eternity trying to redeem himself worthy enough for Cas. But reality is a bitch.
It was fascinating as it was heartbreaking to watch the series of emotions that flitted across Dean's features. His eyebrows raised marginally and the muscles in his jaw clenched, all while those green eyes remained locked to Castiel's.
"You're not." Cas says, and there's no accusation in his tone. "Stop saying you're fine, Dean. It's alright to not be fine for once in your life."
“Glad you asked.” Sam says, “See, according to what Ruby said,” He glances at Dean and looks back at the laptop, “Lilith has kidnapped four girls from Kansas.”
“I never said you were,” Cas replies, peeking over the edge of his laptop. “I’m not calling you homophobic, Dean. What I’m trying to say is, you have always been rather… apprehensive when it comes to conveying how you feel.”
It could have been a second or a century before they gravitated closer, Dean doesn't know. He doesn't care. When Castiel's lips meet his, it's like the first ray of sunshine on a cold winter morning. It's oasis to a drained traveler, first drop of rain to a horn-bill, voice to the deaf and colors to the blind.
When Dean sat up with his shirt sticking to his sweaty chest, it was twenty minutes to six. He climbed out of his car, a whole team of construction workers pounding in his head, and somehow made his way over to their room without falling over.
"You're Castiel." Dean cups his face in his hands, "Beyond the fact that you're an angel, there is so much more to you. You're probably overdue for an identity crisis, but trust me when I tell you, you mean a lot to me and I'm not going to ask anything in return except for you to be safe. Whatever that might cost me."
"We will still have to return." Cas muttered, from where he was sitting on his chair doing the crossword from last week.
“I’m not that stupid, Winchester,” she whacked him lightly on his arm. “I’ll probably call you more times than you’d expect.”
Dean chuckles, "I don't know about stars, but driving like that sounds like a sure-fire way to see God."
Luckily for him, and not so much for her, she made the mistake of looking over her shoulder. Her legs stuttered and she fell to the ground. Dean pulled the safety back and pointed his gun at her, his finger away from the trigger.
“You know Cas,” Justin reaches out to tug at the lapel of his jacket, and Castiel clenches his jaw at the sweet drawl of his name. All he can think of is how it’s utterly different from the warm—almost awed—way in which Dean used to utter his name. The alcohol in him is not enough to drown out the twinge. “Owen usually rearranges people’s faces before he even gives out a warning,” Justin continues, unaware of Castiel’s inner turmoil.
A small smile pulled at the edge of Dean's lips. "You can't ask shit like that when you know I got no answer."
“Agent Gibbs and this is my partner Agent Winston.” The flashing of badges are no more than muscle memory at this point. “We would like to ask a few questions regarding your ex-husband’s death.”
"Had a nice nap?" Dean calls over his shoulder. When no response comes after a minute or so, Dean sets the flame on low and turns to the living room.
"Your father forced you into the role of a soldier at an inappropriately young age, Dean. You deserve to be angry and upset about it."
Cas' lips are slightly chapped, but warm against his own, and Dean all but melts into the kiss. It feels better than anything he has ever felt even while it feels like shards of glass are cutting into his chest. Cas takes less than a second to kiss him back, hands coming to cup his face on both sides.
Dean grimaced at that, throwing a glance at Cas. To his surprise, the said former angel in question had a small smile on his lips, "We could watch a movie if you'd like," Cas said.
"It wouldn't be this bad if you would just go to the hospital," Cas suggests, already anticipating the response.
"What we are meant to be...that's an interesting subject, Castiel," Michael says thoughtfully. "Nothing about anything is pre-written. The choices we make shape our outcomes, and yours have led to this. It isn't right or wrong, simply a fact."
They pulled up into Bettelheims' driveway within a couple of minutes and Dean saw Sam watch the neighboring house out of the corner of his eyes.
He thought, but those words felt like poison on his tongue. It didn't matter that he cared or not. Cas gave up everything he had and some more only to think he didn't have a place in their life. It hurt more than Dean thought it would. Dean would hand over his heart on a silver platter if Cas wanted him to, but the selfless son of a bitch would never ask.
Castiel couldn't help but smile, "No, Dean. I have not. Though, I have heard it is supposed to be a memorable moment of human life."
"Sam Winchester is going down a dangerous path." Castiel says, "If we intervene right now, any future repercussions can be nullified."
“Castiel!” Tamoah calls, and Castiel walks over to where Tamoah is kneeling next to a vessel. He recognizes the bloody form of the angel, his chest heaving as he struggles to hang on to the last bit of his essence.
He reaches for his gun the exact moment Sam makes a beeline for a candle stand on the mantelpiece, both efforts futile as Jenna sends them crashing into a wall with a flick of her wrist. She curls her hand into a fist and Cindy screams, clutching her stomach.
"Holy fucking shit, Sammy." Dean pulled his brother down for a hug, his face breaking into a grin. "Fuck, this is awesome."
are not doing anything," Dean says, leaning forward to press a kiss to Castiel's cheek. "Breakfast in bed, sweetheart."
“We went over the whole timeline, along with Jamie’s husband’s death until yesterday evening. The coroner's report of Susan’s body came in and it’s the same as the last two,” Sam continued, ignoring Dean. “So get this. When we consider only Trenton and Bettelheim, every lead comes to an open end. But, if we take the first death into account, there’s a detail that might be important.”
"What can I say, humans always find a way to sugarcoat everything," Dean shrugs. "Now go sit your ass down, breakfast will come right up."
"I hacked into the department files to get the reports," Sam began. "No progress from where we left off.”
Dean knocked on the door, bracing for whatever reaction was on its way. Nine out of ten times it was teary eyed dismissals, only rarely people let them come in. Which was why he was surprised when a woman in her late twenties opened the door, smiling softly at them.
But his thoughts packed up and left as soon as he spotted Cas coming out of the hall, his hands stuffed into his pant pockets. Dean took his time to eye him up and down, appreciating the view that was his boyfriend.
He tries hard to tunnel vision on to the task at hand. Orders, instructions and goals. This is his thing. But his brain seems to have a whole other agenda of its own as it keeps reminding Dean of the Cas shaped hole in his chest. For two weeks after Cas left, Dean spent the rest of his vacation driving aimlessly with nothing but his music and the rumble of Baby's engine to keep him company. He caught a few sights and ate good food, all while carrying that emptiness in him. He should be used to it by now but he just can't. He doesn't know if he'll ever get used to it.
Dean reaches out, but stops with his hand halfway in the air at the look of anger and confusion on Castiel's face.
Cas huffed a laugh and leaned back against the cold hallway door, scrubbing a hand over his face, "Should I thank you for the kind gesture?"
Sam and Eileen share a conspiratorial look, something Dean doesn't want to touch within a ten foot pole.
The drive is quiet, Dean leaving the music away for another time, not wanting to interject the blissful silence. Cas stares out of the window the whole ride as though he's relearning the world, only pausing to throw occasionally glances Dean's way, something he wouldn't have noticed if he himself wasn't glancing at Cas to begin with.
Bobby doesn’t call his name behind him and Dean thinks it’s fair. He’s a pile of pathetic mess better off left to rot in the corner.
"You don't have to," Castiel assures him. "We need all the help we can to do this, and I have to work with angels, but I'm not going to ask you to let them order you around."
Jo goes quiet and that's enough to know Dean must look worse than what he feels. Eileen is standing in front of the cart cradling three packets of Haribo in her hand like it is her yet to be born kid.
Castiel notices the way Dean hovers around him all throughout the morning as they prepare to go on the mission to rescue Sam. He prides himself for being able to understand human behaviors—or, at least Dean's—more accurately than before, as now he knows Dean's way of caring for the people he loves is keeping an eye on them at all times or making jokes as a way to cheer them up.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, "You'll be fine in the morning," he said, slapping Cas on the shoulder, moving to head down the hallway to his room. "Nothing a good night's sleep can't recharge."
“We heard the police hit a dead-end with the investigation of the deaths,” Cas said, the sudden shift of subject throwing them off, if it’s anything to say by the look on their faces. Dean didn’t even blink; he was used to Cas’s bluntness. “What do you think happened to the two men?”
"Dean…" Sam is by his side, untying the restraints from his wrist before pulling him into a bear hug. He lets himself be held for a minute, eyes scanning over the otherwise empty room. No trace of Castiel.
Dean huffed in annoyance, pulling his hand away. All this time Cas kept a hand on him, either on his shoulder or his arm, making Dean feel safe and grounded. He wanted Cas’s touch more than ever, just to know the angel wasn’t going anywhere, ’cause Cas always left and Dean couldn’t be sure if Cas wasn’t going to leave this time too.
This chapter is a little bit shorter than the usual ones. I wrote this one while I was at the brink of a writer's block and had a hard time working around it. Anyways, hope you enjoy!
"I trust all of you as much as you are willing to trust my judgement." Castiel says. "This is not a matter of trust, sister, it's about safety."
"Aaand we're done," Sam threw his hands up, but Cas could see him trying to hide a smile. "Seriously, I'm happy for you guys. By the way, I told you–"
𑁋has the audacity to pout like a kicked puppy. Dean almost caves in before knocking his upstairs brain back into function. He says, “Once you’re fine, we can do all the kissing you want,” and adds, “maybe even more.”
“And where do you think you belong?” Zachariah asks, “It’s pathetic of you to be this delusional, Castiel. You think those humans care for you? You think you have a place there?”
"You gotta drink it, you know." Dean jokes, his heart rattling like rocks in a tin can in his chest. Cas looks up at him, blue eyes cold and far away. Dean swallows with an audible click, "Heya, Sunshine."
Dean made a snorting noise, “I was kinda worried he was gonna go celibate for the rest of his life.”
“If serious is what you want then start looking for it,” Benny counters. “Or are you still waiting out for–”
"Damn right it does," Dean beamed, smiling so wide. He was beautiful like this. "You, me, Sam. Toes in the sand with stupid Hawaiian shirts and drinks with twirly straws…"
"How did he manage last year during the anniversary?" Cas asks, curling his fingers around his drink.
Dean tries his best not to give in—to push Cas away and flee to his room, clutching the last pint of his dignity tight to his heart. He doesn't have the nerve, or functioning legs for it. It doesn’t take that long for him to crumble like a deck of cards. It was a losing battle after all.
They are quite the experts at hiding how they really feel, but Castiel can see the vulnerability of two children who suffered the untimely demise of their parents in their eyes. He wishes he could stay, but there are cases to work and people to save. He's eternally grateful that these children are generous enough to give Castiel a place in their home whenever he visits, and it very much pains him to leave, but he has to do his job.
," Sam began, sitting up as much as he could against the pillar he was tied to. "I know you think what you're doing is right. But it's—"
“Those are the heavens for all the souls residing in here.” Cas says. “Each room inside the building opens into a region of its own where souls get to live out their good memories and fantasies.”
Once Dean crosses the threshold of the house, Castiel keeps his eyes straight ahead, watching the birds picking straws and carrying it over to their nests.
"The creation of life has always been fascinating, even when I have seen it happen over billions of years."
"Uh, yeah. Thanks" Dean nods, swallowing with an audible gulp. "I'm gonna go into the crypt. You guys stay right here."
"I'm not going anywhere, Dean." Castiel replied, calmly. "I can't help but care about you even when you don't want me to."
“Forget what we said, you should tell him how you feel.” Sam said. “I mean, look at you. I’ve never seen you look so whipped.”
"My grace is my life force, I should be able to recognize its presence, though I should be able to do so only while present closely to it," he explains. "I do not sense its presence anywhere nearby."
"Officer, what are you implying?" Louisa snapped. Dean opened his mouth to reply but Cas beat him to it.
"That's it, Dean. Let it out," Cas's warm gravelly voice was like air to a dying man but Dean didn't deserve to breathe.
"Thanks, baby," Dean chuckles, pressing a kiss to Cas' stomach. "Look, the ship's about to hit the iceberg!"
"Strawberry picking?" Dean asks incredulously, as soon as they have stepped off the Kendall's front porch.
“How long has it been since the divorce?” It comes out a little harsher than intended, considering the glare Cas throws at him.
With that, Cas starts speed-walking back to the tents, disappearing into one a few tents after theirs. Dean follows behind him, his legs coming to a screeching halt when he sees another body on the floor, no older than twenty, eyes burned out and a stab wound passing clean through his chest. For a fleeting moment, Dean’s mind flickers to Sammy, but he shakes himself out of his thoughts. Cas needs him.
Castiel pulled Dean back by the elbow, keeping him grounded. He sees Ruby disappear through his peripheral vision and he turns to Ambriel,
Later that night as they fall into bed, bodies pressed close to each other, mouths slotted and hands dragging across skin, somewhere in the back of his mind Dean wonders his significance in this world. Dean is a lost bird and Castiel is the cosmos poured into a jar, alive and captivating under his arms, like strings of pure intangible wonder dragging him down the precipice of the unknown. When Cas murmurs his name like a prayer against his lips and follows with the most gentle kiss, Dean
“Not if we double cross her first.” Sam replies, “All this while, it’s not like I’ve been trusting her blindly. She keeps a tab on Lilith whenever she resurfaces and this is the first time in a long while, Dean.”
"Stupid fucking chicken," Dean mutters under his breath, stomping his way over to the oven. He grabs the tray and heads over to the counter looking anywhere but at Cas. It's stupid and childish but Dean never got the instruction manual regarding what to do when you almost kissed an angel of the lord.
"That girl had stuff all over the damn table, it was like an avalanche of papers!" Dean protests. "She's so messy I wonder how she still has her head on her neck."
Before Dean can figure out what Cas meant, he sees the man push past the tables and out of the front door. Dean throws a few bills on the counter and follows Cas out of the door.
Castiel nodded in agreement. The waitress stopped at their table for a little longer, asking if they needed anything else, though her complete attention was on Dean. The hunter gave an equally charming smile back to her but collected the cheque without another word.
There was nothing Dean could have said in that moment that would've possibly been enough to express how much he loved Cas. He was only hoping Cas would let Dean show it to him for the rest of their lives.
“I’m still here.” Cas says, and Dean would’ve punched him if he could find a spot that’s not soaked in blood. “This happened only once, Dean.”
“About what?” Dean asked. There was something about the way Dean was holding himself, taut and fidgety. Sam knew his brother well enough to know it was guilt. Cas looked almost as worse, and Sam realized he was living with two ticking time bombs, now the bet was on which one exploded first.
Dean doesn't hear any weird happenings for two whole weeks, which in itself is weird. His own head has been eating him alive with it’s matinee show of nightmares, the worst part of it being how on edge both Sam and Bobby are around him, treating him like a little kid about to have a breakdown. The general radio silence is relaxing as it is unnerving, the storm after the calm silently looming over them. That's until one Sunday afternoon, he's munching down his fifth slice of pizza when there's a
"There you go," Dean slid the plate of pancakes and coffee in front of Cas, sitting down on the chair next to him, looking like a kid waiting for his drawing to be hung on the fridge. "Dig in."
He tips his head down to press a kiss to Castiel's hair and lets his head fall back, the auburn glow of the ceiling filling his vision as he falls back asleep.
“We can leave the moment you feel like it’s too much,” Cas assured him. “I would never make you unnerved on purpose.”
"As you rightfully pointed out, this is not your concern, Michael." Castiel said. "I will handle this."
A few moments later, the fiery fire breathing creature seems to have subsided, as soft mewls and whimpers reach his ears. Castiel ducks out from underneath the branches, his shotgun aimed forward as he approaches the unmoving figure on the forest floor.
“It’s not the first time I saw your wings,” Dean says all of a sudden. “It was back in hell when you pulled me out.”
Dean stifled a laugh at that, "You gotta sleep better, Sam. You can't take your bar well if you die of sleep deprivation."
"Oh, yes. I almost forgot." Cas' face lit up. "I have some good news. Those of you who are not heads of any department can return to Chicago within a week."
“You’re always fine, Dean. I’ve known you since college and you’ve never said you’re not fine. That doesn’t mean I’m buying that crap.”
“Yeah, everyone’s got one. How you ended up here, who were you outside the job… that sort of thing,” she elaborated. “What’s yours?”
"Then, you're in the clear," he grins. "I salt all our food so you shoulda gone up in flames if you were one."
“Can anyone tell me what the fuck is going on here?” One of the residents—Jack, if Dean remembered correctly—questioned, moving forward to inspect the body.
"It's not exactly— nevermind," he clicked off the tab with no results. "At least you know it's not all just porn."
"It was nice getting to know you, Dean." Cas said, leaning against the door frame. "I will see you around at the office."
"You shouldn't have put yourself in the path of danger, Dean." Castiel remembers the time he thought protecting the Winchesters from harm would be an easy task.
“Get the husband out of the way so Terra doesn’t have to choose between him and Louisa. Makes sense," Dean said. “But what’s the deal with Emily?”
"Sometimes I think I should have picked a family member with a less notorious history to rescue from hell," Castiel joked.
The dots connected in Castiel's mind within another few seconds, and he couldn't hide his smile, "She was flirting with me, wasn't she?"
has to be the cause for the other two," Cas stated. "There was a time when these Eddnian Gods were a prominent presence. They have been subdued for so long, I never imagined I would meet one again."
The war finally ends and the gates are sealed. Threat dismantled and everyone's safe. It's time for Castiel to go home. He should be elated at the prospect, finally getting to see the one person who served as his driving force; his motivation. Yet, he finds himself pacing the stagnant white floors of heaven, experiencing an emotion he now knows is fear.
Cas obliges, lining up against his hole and pushing in agonizingly slow, giving Dean enough time to feel the stretch and burn. He shouldn't be enjoying this, but he can't help it.
Dean remembers the first time he was at the park. He can almost smell the fresh grass and water logged mud stuck to the bottom of his shoes, and the rust on the chains of the swingset. He was over the bump of three and heading towards four—the whole world just nothing but green and blue. He remembers climbing along the monkey bars with his dad’s hands around his waist, holding him up, and his mom watching from the bench, her hand on her belly where his baby brother was. If he closes his eyes and just
Everything was warm and familiar around him and before he knew, Dean felt the darkness pull him under, the ghost of a kiss being pressed to the top of his head being the last thing he remembered.
, but then Cas looks about three seconds away from throwing him against the nearest wall and that’s when Dean gives in. He pauses at the door to his room, turning around and reaching out to hold Cas by the shoulders. “’M sorry, okay? Shouldn’t have drank so much and dumped my crap on you.”
The angel stares back at him, probably confused by the nickname. Beside them, Cas clears his throat.
Sam grins. "You have no idea, dude," he chuckles, lowering his gun. "Holy shit, Dean's going to lose his mind."
Dean wiped his palm on his jeans and took his hand, walking out of the office together. Office hours started in another fifteen minutes and the staff were only filling in. Aaron and Vic were huddled around the coffee machine while Ruby and Anna sat at their respective desks, eyes on the monitor.
Castiel muffles his surprise against the man’s lips, reaching out to cup his jaw as he deepens the kiss. He refrains from closing his eyes for as long as he could, knowing where it would lead him. Eventually, his eyes fall shut as Justin slips a hand under his shirt, and the familiar sense of
Dean holds his breath, watching Cas's long fingers click around on the keyboard. The guy's got really nice hands.
He lets Dean run his fingers through his feathers for some more time before reminding him to go back to sleep.
“Cas...he pulled Dean out of a terrible place he was in,” Sam said, smiling fondly as he watched his brother and his best friend so relaxed for the first time in years, right where they belonged. “Since then he’s become family. A little more than that to Dean.”
A single shift of his feet would be enough to get them both killed. Castiel holds his breath, willing himself to not move a muscle as he focuses on the approaching sound of leaves crunching underneath paws. The closer it gets, the more he feels the hairs on the back of his neck stand in attention. He dares to take a quick peek over the top of the boulder behind which they are hiding, seeing that the sun has already disappeared behind the horizon, leaving the forest around him cold and dark.
"Guys, be quiet," Sam pulled up Rowena's email through his phone. He read through the article and as far as he could tell, it sounded legitimate. "Two bodies found in Jerseyville, Illinois, both male, in their late thirties, married. Autopsy revealed no cause of death."
"Dean, don't hit him," Sam muttered from somewhere behind him, and Dean wasn't going to go around making any promises.
"I told him so many times we'd find something else…" Sam babbles. "You know how he is. He wouldn't have it any other way."
“Woah, back up big guy. Did you say you were with Sam and Dean?” she asks, skepticism clear in her voice. “
“Figured.” Dean murmurs. He rises on his feet, shifting uneasily. “I’d sleep better if you are close enough to keep an eye on.”
“That’s not—” Sam pursed his lips, “Dean, I know it’s none of my business but just think about it. Whatever you think you cost him, it’s not what he wanted. Angels have been nothing but assholes to him and now he’s happy. You can’t tell me you don’t see it.”
Sam grabbed his laptop, pulling it open because he felt like he was intruding on something he was not meant to witness. Maybe a solo hunt would be a good idea right then, that would give Dean and Cas the time to sort themselves out. Then again, the last time his attention was elsewhere, for all his insecurities about Cas leaving, Dean had somehow ended up kicking Cas out of the bunker and Sam was not willing to have a repeat of that. He had watched Dean mop around like a war widow way too many times by now.
