“He would have,” Tony insists, glancing back at Steve. “He’s a good kid with a big heart. You would have hit it off.”
“Alert the press!” Tony forces out a laugh. It didn’t sound so jagged when he was drunk out of his mind.
Steve drops his head on Tony’s chest, groaning, rubbing his sticky fingers on Tony’s still hard cock. He takes their come between two fingers and rubs them on Tony’s lips, slowly thrusting his fingers inside Tony’s mouth. Once Steve is satisfied, he kisses, marveled at the taste of their mixed come.
“Yeah, yeah.” Steve didn’t try to deny it. He watched Tony exchange words with Hill and some other agents. He rattled off directions to Maria and her second in command, pointing at the broken computers at the side of the room.
That’s the thing with him, he’ll start and finish it to the end just with stubborn will alone. But when it comes to Tony, he falters. His steps grow quiet, and he finds himself glancing away, consumed by equal measures of guilt and yearning.
“Ok, ok, we’re doing this. I'm not one for big speeches. That's all you, Steve. I know I ramble and I get lost in my thoughts, but you listen and you keep track of what I'm thinking. When I'm gone, away too long, you pull me out." Tony breathes, then there's a soft expression on his face. "I thought I was at the end, you know. That day at the Compound. Fighting beside you, thinking, is this it, am I gonna see my kid? Did I make Cap proud? If this is the end, let me do good.”
“Just because you’re not Captain America anymore, doesn’t mean you can’t have anymore fun with your old toys. Well, it would be a new toy in this case.” Tony grins and wiggles his brows. “Hmmm. How about I paint it hot rod red and gold this time?”
Coke gives him clarity and it's pretty fucking amazing in the first half-hour, but then, as the night wears on, he's snorting another on someone's stomach or fingernail, and it's a harder chase. He wakes up on the floor to a random house or by the beach. Sometimes, he'll be home with Ty snoring beside him. He doesn't fucking know what he's doing, but sometimes, the buzz slows him down, just like smoking gives him something to do with his hands. Otherwise, he'd be twisting them. Maybe, there should be a healthier way to deal with life. Shit, the pressure of being Stark Industries new face, serving as CEO, and trying to do right by the world. Fuck. Tony puts the end of his palms and presses his eyes.
I told you about Uatu a while ago. Said he showed me another version of us, where you I was honest. I like to think I've been, even in the omissions. I've tried my best. Please, believe that. In this other version, I ask you for help. Keep me in line because all the while we had the Registration, I doubted it all, Steve. Every single day, I doubted whether I was doing the right thing. I like to think I was. I’m a futurist, you know that. I’ve been thinking about
He smiles remembering that she’s a great pick pocketer. Natasha parts the case in half, takes a stick, then lights it with a match he got from a corner store back in New York.
“Are you seriously gonna marry me because Tony’s goading you?” Sam smacks Bucky’s side, but there’s an expression of awe on his face.
There’s Natasha, bright eyed, on the docks, alone. There’s Spider-Man and Iron Man swinging and flying by Staten Island. There’s Christmas photos with all of them, Tony holding up a peace sign, with Colonel Rhodes and Ms. Potts by his side.
A hand drops to his head, petting and pushing Steve’s hair back. God, can’t Tony know? Can’t he tell that this is Steve just from the lines of his body, the feel of his hair? No, no, probably not, because there’s never been a moment outside of Steve’s fantasies where Tony has ever pushed his hair back.
.” Tony's head hangs inches from the pillows and he's groaning, hands gripping the sheets. His hair is slick with sweat. They must have been going at this for a while and Steve wonders if Tony fucked Rumiko first, if he fingered her open, if he sucked on her clit before she put on the harness. Tony reaches back with one hand, but it’s shoved away with a firm no.
He ran back in time to flick the pancake as it bubbled up, all the while whistling a tune. As he turned around, he found Tony sitting on the barstool, forehead slicked with sweat.
But no, Tony is more of a mistress. Steve’s always belonged to the townsfolk, and his nights with Tony were always stolen moments in the dark. A lost weekend they’d refuse to acknowledge in daylight. And if Steve ever looked at him too long, or smiled when he sang like a drunk fool on the station’s steps, then that didn’t matter.
Tony had remembered this last night. Or the other day. Whenever it was that he had relented and started drinking. The memory came up unbidden. Unlike some memories that were only snapshots, his recollection of Steve was always graphic, even if incomplete.
Tony pulled off, trailed the come from Steve’s hole over his torso. He leaned over Steve and pressed their mouths together. Steve groaned, tasting himself and as he opened his mouth Tony dropped Steve’s come into his awaiting lips. They kissed, exchanging come and saliva.
Tony winked at him, thrusting his hips forward. “Now, I think I told you to do something for me, baby.”
He recounted that evening to another person, one who didn’t wear a badge or carry a baton or asked him why his parents let him roam around the city so late.
It’s one of those nights where he’s mulling over history by going through his mental archives. His memories are pristine documents that he turns over and peruses as part of a nightly routine. He tells me things I’ve said before. He describes the grit of my voice as we fought in the Mansion, then later, the rubble from our battle site, and how I stood with my gauntlet’s fired up, against him.
Steve nods, examining the photos of Peter and Riri lining the walls, wondering if they ever met. There are diagrams scrawled on the floor, in ink, like an afterthought. There are several workstations overflowing, and there’s a post note from Bruce on the glass doors. This is Tony’s home, and Steve is reminded that he has none, only pit stops and fragile friendships to return to.
“How dangerous. Hope: a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper. Francis Bacon said that. Pretty funny considering what he’s saying about breakfast.”
“Captain America?” Steve raised the cup, inspecting the red, white, and blue shield painted on the side.
paper on Wednesday morning, replacing the slotted headline on a Congressional scandal. The world cared more about Tony Stark’s life and eventual downfall than they did about the allegations of money laundering in Congress.
He hangs up his hat on the hook, fingers drifting down to feel the strength of the oak wood. After his boots are kicked off to the side, he unbuckles his belt and shucks his pants and sweat-soaked shirt off. His eyes catch the hanging lights and the photographs between the bulbs. The wire has photographs clipped with a clothespin.
The sun will set soon, and eventually, Tony will roll over from his workshop across the lake and demand dinner. The charming sod. Good thing Steve is in love with him. He laughs out loud, knowing he can say those words out loud now.
Steve should stop looking. He swallowed, feeling the heat rise from his belly. He focused his gaze on the space between Tony’s eyebrows.
“You know America is gonna be pissed you didn’t say goodbye,” Riri says, and it’s only when she’s putting her hands on her hips does Steve realize the statement is directed to him.
“Sure, like we all don’t mean what ‘checking something in the back means’ by now,” Rhodey deadpans, rolling his eyes. “For the love of God, Tones.”
Some nights, when I fall asleep, I still hear the echo of the shield and Steve’s broken sobs from the bathroom. He runs the faucet so I can’t hear him.
The room is warm, but he isn’t a fool because this Steve can’t give him anything without demanding something in return.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice is measured, almost commanding, oscillating between an amused scold reminiscent of many nights spent together, and pinched seriousness. “How?”
“Steve, you practically live in my workshop. We fall asleep together on the couch all the time. You sit next to me at every meal, during debriefs. You hold the door open for me and you’re always staring at me.”
“Tell me about her,” Steve had said, leaning against the banister so he didn’t have to see the way Tony’s eyes lit up even more.
There were only three inches separating the ledge from the track. It only took one blink for her to hop down, throwing herself onto the tracks and into the path of the speeding train.
“You don’t have to convince me.” Steve pressed his erection forward, letting the slick of the soap from Tony’s body guide his dick between Tony’s cheeks.
Steve parks at the entrance, hoping Tony won’t mind, fetches Tony’s keys from his pocket and carries him inside. Steve has no idea where he’s going. He lets his feet take him into the foyer, then the stairs, then settles on the first bedroom he finds. It’s uncluttered, modern in design and fully furnished. He doubts this is where Tony actually sleeps at night. But Steve is too spent from the evening. He drops Tony on the bed, takes off his clothes, and tucks him under the covers. He fetches a towel from the ensuite bathroom and wipes the stickiness of Tony’s body down. With slow movements, Steve undresses and puts their spoiled clothes on the love seat in the corner of the room.
“Steve,” Tony says, and that’s all it takes for Steve to get into action, pulling Tony’s thighs until they’re wrapped around his waist. They kiss again, slower, a little softer, like tomorrow will never come. Tony’s pushing Steve’s hair back, making the thick blond tufts stand messy.
Steve missed his presence this past week and a half. Tony’s absence made him realize that he scheduled so much of his time around Tony.
Steve prepared dinner meticulously. He was still used to cooking for a family of five, not four. Somedays, he still set an extra plate on the table. The kids would glance at it and say nothing.
“But we’re already married,” he says, blinking, once, twice. There’s something stuck down his throat. There are words he’s struggling to get out.
He's always understood death. Cessation of life. Putting the muzzle on his forehead, no safety needed.
Steve woke, alert, to the dipping mattress. Harley came to his back and held his neck with his tiny hands, sobbing. Peter was on the foot of the bed, face red, sniffing. He looked at Steve with pure anguish.
Steve closes his eyes, dropping his head to Tony’s neck—smelling him, holding him tight, wishing for a different scenario. Maybe they could both pretend that it’s just sweat dripping from Steve’s face.
Steve didn’t believe him at all. Instead, he twisted and grabbed Tony’s chart attached to the bed frame. He reviewed the doctor’s assessments: concussion, sprained ankle, and two fractured ribs.
“Not like this, Steve, not like this,” Tony whispers. He wants to put his hands on Steve, punch him or smooth the lines on his face, Tony doesn’t know.
Steve sighs heavily, and shoves his large hands under Tony’s jaw. Presses. Hard. Until Tony’s groaning and his mouth opens to a small circle. Steve tips the glass. “Swallow, come on, you can do it, you’re so good at that.”
Steve was the first face he saw, and Tony wondered, then, whether it was like this for Cap, all those years ago. A set of excited bodies hovering over his own, while ice melted from his uniform.
“Oh, stop it, Steve. You don’t live here —“ At that, Tony grimaces. “I mean. God, why is this so hard? We have our way of figuring things out here without ground rules.” Tony makes air quotes and rolls his eyes. “Bruce offers assistance but I didn’t need help today,” Tony says, side stepping Steve to bring the roast chicken into the dining table.
Steve isn’t a good man. Tony’s wrong. Steve is full of wanting. He might do something terrible to get what he wants. He’s always walking that edge of taking what he deserves because he goddamn almost died and sacrificed his life for a country. He finds himself revolted with the thought of not asking for permission.
Riri, Kate, and Tony zoom past them without acknowledgement. They jog at a steady pace with Kate leading them.
“I’m glad she’s in my life.” Tony’s eyes look rather misty. “And Kate, too. She’s the daughter of an old businessman I knew in another life. They’re heroes in their own right. But they grew up too fast.Sometimes I wish they were just normal. Did normal things other kids of their age do. Well, as normal as you can have now, I suppose.”
He couldn’t keep it down. Iit was too acidic for his stomach. “How about I make you coffee and just put in a lot of milk?”
He must be looking at me in revulsion. My fingers are green. My body is turning green. He fucked this evergreen warrior, and he’ll take more of us until the last.
Yeah, he’s probably not coping well. Rationally, he could understand the danger of using the tech. It wasn’t Tony, it wasn’t ever going to be Tony, again.
He wants to tell them all to go to hell and forget that he ever suspected something was wrong with Steve. Live in the fantasy that the pigs never feasted on his rotting body. Lie to himself, move North, to a farm, and be with Steve. They can have it. They can, if Tony chooses to willfully ignore that It is merely a facade.
“And you aren’t being mean,” Steve continues, watching Tony serve a plate, and place it in front of Steve. “Oh.” He glances down at the humble serving then back at Tony.
he would pass them their packed lunch and see them out the door as they headed off to school. We love you so much. Have a good day.
Steve smiles at the offer and follows him. Steve’s never been close to Bruce. He tries not to feel awkward at the silence as they walk. But Bruce is kind. He doesn’t push Steve to talk. When they reach the gates, Bruce pulls the latch up and gestures for Steve to go in first.
He never saw the body, and while Peter Parker rushed off to save Steve’s red scarf, they never fetched out any other remains.
“I promised myself I wasn’t going to yell,” Steve exhaled, addressing the chandeliers now. “But we find ourselves here again. I don't think there's anything I can say that you didn't hear since the last time."
Parker stayed in their farm, but Drew and Lawson surveyed town and insisted on lending a hand with the building of a school.
Not now, not when it's likely unwelcome. He waits for a few more minutes and watches Tony visibly organize his thoughts. His eyebrows quirk and he mouths something silently.
“Steve.” Tony sighed and slowed his thrusts. He dropped Steve’s leg from his shoulder and leaned forward. Fucking in slow and deep. “No.  I’m alive, baby. We have the rest of our lives.”
That’s all we are, Steve, a body containing memories that light up with emotions. Reactions to life, to actions, to events. We’re just bodies and chemical balances and imbalances that
“Here, at home.” Steve shakes, and Tony takes his hand and twists the ring on his finger. He can’t help but wonder what he did to deserve so much happiness in a life full of grief.
There’s tiny scars on the back of his hand. A burn on his index finger. On his left wrist is a crescent moon shaped scar. Then, on his chest, a scar like the sun bursting to life. Steve tried to destroy that once. He didn’t mean to, but it happened all the same.
Tony sighs, kneads Steve’s shoulders, trying to soothe out the rough edges even though he knows he can’t. His grating stubbornness and refusal to give in might be Tony's favorite part of him. Slowly, Steve sinks further down Tony’s lap. Half his torso is heavy and still holds tension.
Steve kisses him on the mouth, then pulls his ear. “I was talking about me, silly. You’re the one with a man over a hundred.”
“Stay with me,” Steve commands, slapping the space between his ass and thighs. "Enjoy it. Can't you see the effort I'm putting in trying to make you feel good." Steve pets the place he marked. "Can't you see I'm trying, Tony?"
“You won’t,” Tony said, voice certain. “Steve, I’ll go, and I’ll wake up, and you’ll take care of me and we’ll be happy. We’ll do everything we want. Everything we said we’d do.”
Tony snorted, playing with the hem of his t-shirt. Steve tried to drag his eyes away from his bare feet. There was something about being in Tony’s space, his home, that made him realize that Tony Stark wasn’t just the CEO of SI or Iron Man. Well, Steve’s always separated the two, but thus far, he’s only caught glimpses of Tony Stark.
Tony has lived in the quiet spaces of Steve’s sharp knuckles inside him. Then, striking his face. Just earlier, too.
I’m not sure that’s true. People cannot belong to others, but that’s never been us, hasn’t it? You’re Captain America, you belong to the people. You can’t ever belong to yourself, Steve. I think I feel bad for the both of us.
Tony brushed his teeth and changed the robe for clean slacks and a sweater. He examined the rumpled sheets. He imagined Steve was still there, pretended he was out on the balcony, enjoying the view of the city.
“Yes, please, yes. Stretch me open, please.” Tony groaned, throwing an arm over his eyes. “Steve, come on please. I think I’m still full of your come, I’ll be fine. Fuck me, come on.”
He shut his eyes and let the water wash over him, wishing it’d take away the guilt and the maddening grief that followed him like an angry gray cloud.
He looks like he wants to say something sarcastic and clever, maybe something along the lines of the godliness of the serum, or Steve being made from the bottle. Made and unmade all the same. Tony simply nods, then shimmies deeper into his cocoon of blankets. His hair, still tap, sticks up with cowlicks.
He snakes a hand to his own throbbing cock, squeezing the base and palming his balls. Tony looks up, catching Steve’s jaw-slacked, eyes-wide and on him. No, can’t have that. He wants to look at Steve, he wants to see Steve’s face as he comes, but then he’ll think off it—he’ll remember that just earlier—
“Steve, it’s an illusion. It’s a memory.” She paused, eyes softening with pity. “It’s not him. It can’t be him. You’re not allowing yourself to move on.”
“You know, you dad said something along those lines too.” Steve choked, not bothering to hide the sob that escaped him. “You’re both right.”
He didn’t even know what the hell he was doing there. But it was his only thread to the future, a starting point. Maybe he’d figure out what he wanted to do. What he wanted in this life.
My muscles are used to this. They’re loose from Steve’s careful fingers. He always wants to stretch me open because he’s afraid to hurt me. He tells me he wants to make me feel good and he wants to make sure I want it.
“You’re gonna kill me, aren’t you?” Tony smirked, moving closer to Steve. “Yes, you have permission to hold my hand. You don’t ever have to ask from now on.”
Steve knew that once the Christmas lights were turned off later, he’d go back to the kitchen and examine the lines in their little make-shift cookbook.
Tony had said when Steve expressed his worry that they’re missing their family time together. He wanted to invite Pepper for dinner, but he wasn’t sure if it was appropriate of him to ask. Thus, Steve awkwardly hung between wanting Pepper over so he could selfishly have both Morgan and Tony with him during the holidays, and not entirely knowing how to feel if Pepper joined them.
Was it after he resurfaced from the ice, or has it been long before then, ever since he fought in war and took the Captain America mantle?
Steve walked down the basement and entered his code for the workshop. The double doors opened with a soft click. The scene in front of him ripped his heart out, inch by inch, until he was flayed and threadbare. Steve swallowed, hard.
He dropped his hand to the bed, directed the gun to his fingers and pulled the trigger. Five consecutive shots to each of his fingers, and then two on his wrist to curb the desire to pull the nails off.
“There’s something I wanted to say,” Steve explains, hands dropping to his sides. “What I couldn’t say earlier.”
They're not so far apart that Steve can't smell it in his mouth. Steve is glad he's stubborn enough to hold his ground, to stand by his assessment: Tony doesn't want anything to do with him now, and he's only here, in this moment, because of Tony's generosity.
But death was too easy and Tony had many things to atone for. Slow, slow death, that’s what living was all about.
He didn’t know how to give up. Maybe that’s the worst thing about him. He’s gonna live because he has to. That’s all he can do now. Breathe. Eat. Pretend he was moving on so that the kids could too.
“They did return from space! Mr. Richards can stretch on and on, it’s fantastic,” Tommy says, gesturing with wild hands. “And I haven’t seen Mr. Grimm or Mrs. Richards, but that’s only because Johnny promised me that Mrs. Richards is invisible.”
His feet carry him to the bathroom, and once he closes the door, he stands there, his heart irrationally beating too fast. He's glad that Tony can't hear it's roaring thump, though, if he just turned, he would have caught Steve's face.
Out on the street, an ice-cream shop’s lights flicker on and off until one of the shopkeepers finally click it shut and tape an open sign on the door. Kids, some in bikes, some in skateboards, laugh by the streets, hollering, cursing, and laughing.
“Baby, I gave up that notion a long time ago. Captain America is their daddy-o.” Tony winked, running a hand over Steve’s bare chest. He leered for a moment, hopped off, and dragged Steve to the kitchen.
Instead, Steve will stay quiet and wait for Tony to explain. People usually did that. They start talking to fill the silence. Steve will wait forever if he has to. He’ll suggest that Tony stop partying so much. It isn’t any acceptable way to mourn. Maybe Steve could show him healthier ways to deal with grief? He’s experienced losing parents, too. He even watched his teammates in the Army get blown up and sometimes put bullets into their own heads. Steve has it all planned. They’ll share some burgers. Have a milkshake, then he’ll offer to walk Tony home. That’s it. No funny business.
His eyes stuck with the tears streaming down his face. He didn’t bother it away. “I wish you didn’t have to leave me.”
His chest tightened with the wish that his children wouldn’t have to go through this. All children must, yes, it’s life. But she’s so young, barely even eight; she has so many years ahead of her that Tony will miss.
This time, he goes for the whipped butter in the middle of the table. He spreads it over his toast and tries to shift his focus away from the stray stand of hair curling against Tony’s left ear. He wants to pull on it and tuck it back just to see how Tony would react.
Tony’s still loose from this morning. Steve dipped a finger, then two, pumping it in and out of Tony. The water continued to wash over them, scalding hot, the way they both liked it. Tony leaned against the shower tiles, tilting his ass up in invitation.
“Didn’t work on you.” Tony says, as if making an observation he’s just realizing now. “I guess I’ll have to turn up the charm.”
It feels like there’s lead pooling inside his belly. A cold, frightened emotion that has him pressing Steve back, fucking in deeper. He ignores it, focuses on the citrus smell of Steve, the tang of tobacco on his tongue, and reaches for his cock and chases his orgasm.
“If I kill you, it isn’t punishment,” Steve says. “You know what you did. Your people. Coming here. Ruining us.
“Yes, yes, there—keep going, you can go harder, please—” Tony bites his lips, and Steve’s lost on him, reduced to following directions.
The table roars in laughter, and then Thor asks something about humans and their mating rituals, then Carol replies with stories about marriages in other planets, to which Johnny chimes to, and the conversation goes on, and on, and on.
There’s no doubt that Tony’s been here before. Steve can imagine him now: sunglasses perched on his nose, the plant in the corner shading half of face against the sun, a glass of ice-cold tea under his chin as he sucks on the straw.
Steve’s always wistful in the evenings after a good, satisfying fuck. He tells me things I should know but somehow don’t remember. His voice is careful, gentle when he reminds me of Maya Hansen and the Mandarin, and how apparently, I stopped my own heart to keep him safe. He narrates events I will learn to remember. He makes me tell him the stories as a way to test me.
Tony told the kids that Steve signed up for the army despite being rejected several times and became Captain America just on stubborn will.
I saw us at war, Steve. I've told you this. I was scared. I needed a solution. This was the best I could do with the hands we were dealt.
“It’s good!” Steve says, and this is familiar. Their taste palates are completely different, and it was always fun when Steve came home with random take out and Tony would school him on what was good, and what was awful. Apparently there was such a thing as “authentic Chinese food” and the stuff that Steve would grab at the Chinese Expressway at the corner for 34th Street didn't qualify as authentic.
His memory is usually fuzzy the night after, especially if he goes through a binge. But last night was a light evening. He did lines, had some alcohol, and then Ty and Sunset were dancing beside him. They prodded him into joining them for a swim at the deck, but he didn’t want to set his clothes down. Last time he did that, someone stole his clothes and watch and he had to sit naked in the only cab that would take him.
Tony shifts, moving face to face with Steve. In their boots, they’re the same height. Equal in length, twin frowns streaking their faces. Steve shouldn't look like this, mouth pressed like a hyphen, like he ate something sour. Tony's seen Steve displeased, witnessed him cry late in the evening, bark orders in daylight.
Small sips, and he feels Steve’s eyes on him. Patient. He keeps Tony’s mouth open, fingers lightly drumming a rhythm on his jawline.
Instead, a blow to his naked back side surprises him. He can't say he screams, because the blows keep descending.
Steve tilts his face, hand hard under his jaw, no doubt adding a spot in Tony’s line of mottled bruises. Steve must enjoy making them appear all over Tony’s skin. “Alcohol would make you hungrier,” Steve says, his tone almost sing-song. “You don’t want that, right? I know how much your sobriety means to you.”
“What better way to do a tour of America than helping us normal folks?” Samuel clapped Tony’s shoulder as if they were familiar and not just two men who met on the side of the road. It surprises Steve when Tony barks out an amused laugh.
“You’ll be well fed, Stark.” Samuel turns to Steve, measuring him up. “Now, you, sir, we gotta figure out what to do with you.”
He started breakfast, cooked up oatmeal, cut up fruit, and readied a packed lunch for the kids. They rose from their rooms in waves. Morgan’s first, hopping up to the counter to watch Steve make Harley’s sandwich.
Tony has the white pill between his teeth and he’s grinning with his gums. So Steve does what he’s wanted to do for ages, he twists and presses their lips together. He feels Tony swallow the pill, dry, no liquid to wash it down, but it doesn’t matter because his mouth is opening and they are exchanging spit. Steve leans further in, chasing Tony’s lips and urging him to his back.
Guess what, friend. After the fiasco with the Mandarin, Samson persuaded me into taking a weekend off. Dugan and Hill gave me updates every hour, but I didn’t sleep at the quarters in the Helicarrier. I made it home in the Avengers Tower. I saw Carol and Simon sitting side by side, catching a film in the living room.
Tony pulled away. He couldn’t show himself. Steve didn’t even want to speak to him. Now, Carol was crying.
Melancholia was different from mourning. In grieving, there was a process of denial, then somehow, acceptance. But Steve wouldn’t ever accept a life without Tony in it. Melancholia was mourning without an end.
“Take care of yourself, alright? I know you. You’ll take care of the kids, you will and you’ll be amazing at it. I just wish I was doing this—life, parenting, all of it with you. I’m sorry I can’t, baby. That I won’t be there. I’m so— ”
“Nothing.” Steve grinned, ducking his head. He was glad for their off days from Avengers assignments. Tony just returned the previous evening from a trip to Singapore with Pepper. They had SI business regarding new tech and green energy.
“Tony, sweetheart,” Steve taps his ankle, pulls them apart, then makes his way between them. He kisses Tony’s jaw, inching up to peck Tony’s eyes. “Yours has always been my favorite blue.”
“You showing up here in the middle of the night. I must be dreaming.” Tony leered, dragging his eyes from the top of Steve’s head to the tip of his toes, then back again. “I’m assuming this isn’t a social call?” Tony rolled his eyes then waved Steve further into the penthouse.
Steve looms over him, nudging Tony’s ribs with his boots. He has his arms crossed and a frown on his face.
Tony shrugged, uncapped the bottle, and dribbled lube right on Steve’s crack. “There’s something about you being up here and doing manual labor.” Tony slipped a finger inside, waiting for Steve to adjust before he scissored another one in. “And then me pretending to fuck you for all of New York to see.”
Steve looks up. His lashes are wet, and Tony wonders if Steve also cried on the way to whatever underground hole he’s hiding in. On his way back to the Tower, Tony snapped the helmet back on and pretended that the saltiness and heavy breaths fogging up his sight was just sweat.
Steve stays quiet, lets Tony talk about lecturing Riri and Kate for sneaking out with a glass of champagne and the prank that three of them played on Bruce that night. “He almost turned green then Riri kissed him on the cheek and it was all fine.”
Steve’s shoulders shake in what’s almost a laugh. Tony used to find that cute, adorable even, when Steve was flustered and tried to make himself appear smaller. Not used. Steve Rogers is still pulling at his heart strings.
Tony sobs harder. He hits Steve’s chest, and it’s useless because he’s so weak these days. Not enough food to make him strong. It sustains him just enough so he can’t resist Steve when he enters him.
The serum was supposed to heal him, yet there’s a gaping hole in his chest. He kept bleeding all over; the wound didn’t scab over.
Maybe this is what they meant when they said, “you’ll see them again.” Because they’re not truly lost. They lived on in memories. Tony was historicized as
“I was hoping you’d still be asleep. I ran out to get bagels from that place you like on 43rd Street.” He held the bagels up.
“Wait, don’t you—are you sure you’re alright? Can we—” Steve looks around the area. There’s the night life from the parties down the block, and the streets are filled with drunken and drug-addled people, laughing and cursing. Some kid falls off a skateboard and lights a cigarette. Out in the distance, the beach is nearly empty, save for a couple of bonfires and couples. The area by the shoreline is empty, possibly because the waters are too cold at this time of night. Steve points to the distance. “Could we just sit for a second?”
Steve reached for his son’s wrist, wishing he was still small enough to accept being coddled and rocked on his father’s arms. But lately, Harley’s been rejecting his touches and moving away from him.
” He read outloud, cheeks turning red. “Is he serious?” Harley turned to Peter, then Natasha before glaring at Steve. “You’re kidding right?”
Tony pictures his pout and the way he played with the sand. Leaning forward...then nothing. There’s a hazy image of Steve looming over him, but that’s likely when he carried Tony off to his car.
Monsters didn’t crawl under the bed and wait to come out once it was dark. All Tony had to do was wake up in the morning, look at himself in the mirror, and find the places in his reflection that he couldn’t stand to look at.
Bucky and Sam are prepared. They are soldiers after all. They pass Steve a backpack full of water and several dehydrated meals once they reach the peak of the mountains. They’re quiet. Not much to talk about, not much these two don’t already know.
“This is so impractical, Tony.” Steve caught another button into his mouth, opening it with his teeth, revealing Tony’s chest. “Wearing a dress shirt as we move?”
“Yeah, we’re here, Steve.” Carol twisted down to grab a bottle of beer. She clicked it with Steve’s empty one and nodded.
“That doesn’t cost anything,” Steve says, words coming out before he had a moment to think them through. He grimaces. “Well.”
“I keep thinking, we were Avengers, superheroes. We should have plans, strategies to prepare for loss. But it doesn’t work like that, does it, Nat?” Steve examined the sitting room. This was a place he and Tony built together.
“Anything you want, sweetheart.” Steve ushered Tony to the bed, took their towels, hung them in the bathroom, and got dressed.
Tony shut his eyes. He didn’t want to spend anymore time looking at her and reminding himself that at one point, he had been in Carol’s position.
“Just that helping the little guy reminds me of Peter. It’s something he does — uh, did. Offered him to join the Avengers, you know? He turned me down.” Tony smiles wryly and shakes his head, lost in a memory. “He wasn’t ready for it, and maybe I was wrong to push him. Hell, I should have done better and built something in the suit so he can’t go to space. I shouldn’t have brought him to Germany in the first place, but we all gotta live with our choices.”
“Always.” Tony made himself comfortable on Steve’s lap and sipped his coffee, sighing with every sip. Once he was done with his cup, Steve diligently reached for the French Press and refilled it to the brim. “Love you, Steve.”
Here's something new for his inventory: Tony is content. Happy, even. There's no other word for it, and once again, Steve wonders how the world moves forward, how people no longer seem to be consumed by grief.
Steve stops in his tracks, letting the sound of Tony’s answering chuckle wash over him. He ignores his stuttering heart and turns to Natasha in question. “Are you sure it’s alright? Is he —“
There were so many other things he could have told her. How Yinsen fed him and held him up as he took a piss because he couldn’t accomplish the most elementary things while his heart was giving out. Maybe he should have realized what a feat survival would be.
The food is settled across from them. Tony picks the burger up easily, chomping with careful bites. He licks the juice from the corner of his mouth. Steve wonders if he’ll ever stop paying attention to Tony Stark.
It doesn’t mean shit when he walked around, unaligned, like he’d been shot in the ribs and missing a limb. Waiting.
Fuck, Steve. Just fuck it all. Sometimes I think you took everything to the grave and I’m just grappling at the weeds on your tombstone. But that’s a bad metaphor. You’re not buried in the dirt, six feet under. I tried to get you home. But even that’s an approximation.
It’s strange to return to a place called home and feel like an intruder instead. A man who comes late in the night when everyone’s already asleep. Except, it’s bright out and the lights are always on here, so Steve is forced to examine the photographs around the hall that do not include him.
Each person was just biding their time. The lives Steve took as a soldier and Captain America were never personal. There was detachment to each time the trigger was pulled or the shield was thrown. He was doing that for the sake of his country, for the better of mankind and the safety of people.
Instead, Tony clears his throat and continues. “Then I was alive. I was awake. There was you waiting in the hospital room trying to make yourself appear smaller. Newsflash baby, it doesn't work with your shoulders." He huffs a quiet laugh. Steve's own heart is stuttering, making leaps across his rib cage. It's ache with the memory of that time: Tony alive but out of reach, and then, there's now. "There you were, like you were waiting for me to meet you here." Tony glances at the lake. The trees are withering with each day that autumn passes. Home, is all Steve thinks at that moment. Tony unlinks their hands and reaches to cup Steve’s face, smiling. Waiting all this time. “I'm alive, and now I see another beginning. Another universe coming to life."
“Simple and easy, baby.” Tony kisses his cheek and Morgan soon follows suit. They spend too much time coddling and cuddling Steve because this is what he needs when he’s overwhelmed with happiness.
“Would you believe me if I said it’s because I want you?” Steve murmurs, touches Tony’s nape and plays with the short, fine hair there. Tony stays very still and holds his breath. “I’m him. It’s really me. Everything he felt, thought, it was always about you. We’re still the same in that regard. But unlike him, I’ll take what I want.”
Steve added another finger, twisting and prodding Tony’s insides and taking his nipple between his teeth. He worked Tony open in slow thrusts, adding a third finger and more lube as he sucked hickeys all over Tony’s chest, preening at the marks. He kissed Tony’s sternum, free of the arc reactor, and pulled his fingers away.
“You look so good like this, fucking yourself. Take it Steve, take whatever you want. I’ll give it to you. Anything. Whatever it is.”
Back in the brownstone, Steve collapsed on the sofa. He nursed a black coffee, blowing and making ripples. He took a sip, closed his eyes, and thought about how Tony’s lips touched the rim of the mug over so many years.
Remembering and forgetting — both are punishments. But the decision is made, Steve. This is all there is.
please let me know if you catch any grammatical errors so i can fix them! i hope you're excellent. *puppy dog eyes* please lemme know what you think. thank you for reading <3
He’s in Venice again, this time in jeans and a button-down shirt. He tried wearing sandals and shorts, the uniform of the common Los Angeles man, but it isn’t him. He’s resigned to sticking out. All his life, he wanted to be someone — not known by the world, not like Tony Stark. But he’s wanted to be someone who mattered.
“You think I’m gonna let you do all this superhero stuff yourself? Punk. So that’s your guy, huh?” Bucky shoved a knife back to its leather sheath.
Harley shook on Steve’s side, wiping his face on Steve’s shirt. “No, pops, we don’t wanna go. Come on, please.”
He can’t see Steve anymore, but he feels his breath on his back. A finger outlines his vertebrae, and Tony counts each one. Twelve down the thoracic. Five down the lumbar, and then Steve's pawing at his sacrum, fingers fluttering until he reaches the center of Tony’s ass. "There you are," he says, spreading Tony's cheeks.
But then, Tony offered a gauntlet hand then Steve laughed, and took it, and he laughed even more as Tony spun circles in the sky on their flight upstate.
New York City is still loud. Every corner is filled with people heading in multiple directions. North, west, east. Some make their own paths and cross the middle of the street, no care for the cab inching on the road.
“Behave, Ironheart.” Tony squeezes her shoulder, then does the same to Kate. “Same goes for you, Hawkeye.”
Pepper arrived at the brownstone the day the kids went back to school. Steve let them have two weeks off so the press wouldn’t maul them in the streets with Tony’s death still so fresh in their minds.
“Stark,” Miss Barnes interrupts, sharply. She gestures to Tony’s horse. “It’s not Peter. It’s Ben Parker.”
Steve swallows down the fight inside him. Instead, he takes a deep breath and grasps Tony’s hand. He brings the prosthetic arm up so they could both look at it against the ceiling. The red and gold is darker in this lighting, and their hands make random shapes on the walls.
“You’re so weird. Jesus, whoever said you were charming obviously didn’t see you like this.” Tony pointed at Steve before making a sharp left to the entrance of Central Park.
He just did coke half an hour ago, but seems to have worn off. He’s not slurring, but his eyes are still dilated. Tony focuses on him so intensely, it’s confusing. Steve never thought he’d be the center of Tony’s attention.
“So, call it midnight breakfast and be done with it. They have that at MIT, you know, the dining commons were open 24 hours so we could feed our brains while we study during finals week.”
“Yes, you do, baby.” Tony nodded, tilting his ass up like an invitation. Steve, weak for this man, removed the hand on Tony’s dick and used it to tilt his thighs higher. He dropped down, shoving his face to Tony’s ass and began licking his hole. He alternated between fingering him and fucking Tony with his tongue. His chin was wet with saliva and the taste of Tony.
That’s the ocean and that’s life. Steve’s understood that long ago. He couldn’t stop nature but he sure as hell tried.
The track is vast, just like the rest of the Compound. It’s filled with bedrooms and labs and conference rooms and an indoor gym and, and, and…the list goes on. It’s got everything one of their line of work would request to live comfortably.
“Steve,” Pepper measured out, her cheeks were a blotchy red and her hands were shaking as if she’s barely restraining herself from slapping him.
Tossing his underwear with the rest of his clothing, Steve pads inside only to find Tony on the bench, leaning on his arms behind him.
let me savor your memory. i dont deserve it. I know. i dont deserve to remember you. us. but let me have this
It’s abominable irony that every glimmer of hope he’s ever had in his entire adult life has had one thing constant.
When we talk about the war, I apologize a hundred times and beg Steve for his forgiveness. Steve kisses me, tells me everything will be alright. He takes us both down dwindling paths until we’re back to cul-de-sacs. It’s where his thoughts orbit around the same dead-end.
“You’re untouchable, you know that? You’re what we orbit around,” Steve continued, drawing circles on Tony’s thumb, smoothing. Steve felt the edges of the bandages and grimaced. “You found me. You gave me a home." Steve let go of one hand and wiped at his cheeks. The tears fell and fell. Their sniffles echoed in the room. Steve smiled. "You were always there for me, until you weren't. I didn't think I'd ever lose you, and I did. It's awful. I tell myself you must feel the same. I think...we're one and the same. I tell myself that and I try to understand your choices. It's still hard for me to do. But I know you, Tony. You commit to your responsibility. I commit to mine. We have history. I can't forget that. You were the first face I saw.”
“Just with my co-workers.” Tony winked, walking down the Compound’s landing pad. The suit eased off his body and flew to their stations inside the workshop leaving Tony in his undersuit.
He tried to smile in the mornings over breakfast. He’d sipped his coffee and asked them about their plans for the day, but their eyes all drifted to the empty chair on the breakfast table.
“I’ll be here just until the day after,” Steve says in a rush. He doesn’t want to overstay his welcome.
like Rumiko—not just because she’s Tony’s partner, but because she’s her own woman, pragmatic and independent, but still filled with a shining hope that inspires Tony. For that alone, Steve’s grateful. Tony has someone to come home to, someone who’ll pester him into tending his wounds, holding him into the night, and, when the nightmares reach the surface, she’ll be there to make sure Tony doesn’t drown.
A waitress bustles over, distracting him from what he knows is a grim road. She is dancing across the cafe’s narrow stairs with practiced ease, a tray tucked to the side of her torso. She’s laughing at someone two tables down, and quickly responding to questions from a man smoking a long wooden pipe. She turns to Steve, smiles, and sets the plate down, and tells him he really should have ordered the mint tea instead of the coffee, as it’s their specialty.
He remembers the time when he woke up from ice and Iron Man—Tony—had been the first face he’d seen. It must have meant something, right? A decade and some change together—they've had other loves, seen each other's pitfalls, and still he's here in this moment, feeling like he's being cut open.
Steve smiled. “Good.” He inched further away, Steve sat between Tony’s legs and arranged Tony to plant his feet on the sofa cushions. “Be good.”
“Tony.” Steve willed himself to calm down. There was no use in directing his anger at a man who’s already in the hospital. Still, Steve couldn’t help but feel annoyed. “You’re not supposed to make decisions like that without informing the team. You don’t leave without backup—”
He smiles, shifting on the seat, but keeping his fingers steady on the piano keys. “What’s next, Sheriff?”
Pain but no motor or vascular deficits, Extremis informed him. This was child’s play, a barely there snap to the bones. He was used to the smell of drying blood and the crunch of bones. He stopped Extremis from pushing out the thick nails and snapped three more down his forearms.
He should be asleep, but there was pain right above his eyebrows and under his eyelids and he wanted nothing more than to crawl out of bed and reach for another bottle. The balcony doors were shut, but the curtains were drawn, revealing the view of New York.
He knows when Tony doesn’t want to talk anymore. And after their conversation at the car, it seems to easy to fall into those patterns of debates, stilted beats, waiting for the other to respond.
He purses his lips, willing himself to not fall into pieces. He doesn’t the way Steve looked at him. He doesn’t want to remember.
“Told you to kick the bottle long ago, but…” Steve lips twist into a line, and it’s rather resigned, a fishhook reeling at older wounds, aged conversations from long ago.
Maybe it was wishful thinking, but he hoped to paint clouds in at least one of the rooms. Or maybe a swirling galaxy. A kid would love that.
Steve removes his hands, grabbing both of Tony's cheeks just to see his open hole. He gives it two quick licks. Tony’s exposed for him. Tony is his—for now, just for now—but it’s alright, it’s ok. Steve is a soldier. He’ll be fine.
Now, the walls are filled with photos of Bruce in the lab. Bruce as the Hulk posing with Riri and Kate on his side, likely taken in the lawn of the Compound. There is another where he flexed his large green arms and Riri and Kate hung over them.
Returning to the bedroom, he entered the en-suite bathroom, dug around for cleaning supplies. He scrubbed the tub and toilet, got on his hands and knees to make sure all the soap scum from the shower’s tiles were cleaned.
There are more frames down the hall, but Tony cannot look past the macabre way Tigra’s photograph is shot up close, as if the detail of her death is enjoyable.
The Winter Soldier—no, Bucky—got off of the motorcycle as the car crashed into a tree. Howard Stark begged for help and Bucky punched his face until he stopped breathing. Maria Stark was next. Another blink, then the tape sizzled into static.
Her lips quirk up. She shakes her head, and sighs. “Sure.” She smells like coffee today. Her eyes are clear, green and bright. Alert. Under the sun, Steve can see two freckles on the bump of her nose. “Let me know if you find him.”
Steve must have seen something on Tony’s face because he stopped his ministrations and threw the washcloth on the rug.
“If I recall our time at the Tower, you didn’t either.” Steve smiles at the memory of burnt omelettes. “But you learned,” Steve points out, leaning against the counter, observing how at home Tony is opening and closing drawers and dumping the used pans into the industrial sinks.
The subway to Brooklyn was empty. Steve walked around the block three times before deciding to enter the old brick building. He forced himself to get out of the house and attend again.
For Steve, there’s nothing but deferred and lost dreams, ideals twisted and run dry, but then he sees the rest of the world, all the life in this green house, and remembers the waitress telling him,
"My brain is overriding the back-up. It knows what happened. It’s been trying to supply me the information. Sometimes all I see are pictures, scenes without no words. Sometimes all I hear are conversations on a loop.”
“Rogers?” Tony croaks, pocketing his hands to stop it from shaking. “Do you remember — is it you? Is it really you?”
“God—uh—fuck.” Tony twists, half his body turning to Rumiko. Steve’s never heard him like this before. He’s only ever imagined it in his weakest moments, when he lies in bed at night and jerks off to his fantasies of Tony.
“They’re all adults, they can take care of themselves.” Tony pauses, glancing back towards their friends all by the lake. Some of them are seated in benches, others are loitering by the docks. There’s Angel and Augusto chatting up with Carol, and Steve’s heart swells with the love all around him.
He inhaled deeply, wiping a hand over his nose. He felt dizzy with wrath and the itch to yell at the world.
Steve didn’t have the energy to clean up the workshop. There must be mold in one of the coffee mugs. He could smell it, but he didn’t dare touch anything. Everything has stayed the same. Maybe then, he could pretend that Tony would come back. Pretend Tony was still there.
Steve shrugs. “Grew up there. But it’s been a while since I went back. I was in the Army the last couple of years.”
“Steve. Let me. Let us—” She grabbed his shoulder and pushed him away from the sink. Natasha picked up the glass with delicate fingers, then deposited them to the bin. “It’d be easier if you used the dishwasher, you know.”
They reached the lake, it was clear, an almost perfect reflection of the sky. But it has a tinge of green as the waters rock and rock, catching the color of tree planting beside it.
He woke up in the mornings feeling sick to his stomach. Psychologically, the grief counsellors explained that it’s his body reacting to trauma.
“Did we—? Nevermind, actually don’t answer that.” Tony shakes his head and plasters a smile on his face. It wouldn’t do well to ask this man if they fucked last night. No, he couldn’t remember much last night, but he can vividly recall his judgement on Steve.
The nails and blood on the counters were disposed of and the tiles were free of puke and broken glass. The smell of piss was gone.
“No, nothing like that,” Steve takes some sand, closes his fists, and feels it leave his palms. Hold something hard enough, it’s bound to eventually slip away. “It’s stupid, actually. I thought I could come here and find someone to be happy with.”
Steve cradled Tony’s head, ran a hand through his wet strands, and grinned. “You look good there, Mr. Stark.”
Tony likes to poke fun and call Steve a farmer now, but life on the farm isn’t easy. But the lake and the view sure do make up for it.
“I won’t stop you from leaving,” she says, tone pointed, eyes flashing in anger. Natasha picks at her bitten nails. He’s always seen them pristine, cut short and precise unless she needed them painted and long for a mission.
“You’re wrong, you know.” Steve shoves a hand into his pocket, shoves one of the xanax pills into his mouth and swallows. His nerves are all on fire and despite the coolness of the ocean, he’s hot all over. “You know someone when you’re hopeless about them.”
From the rooftop, there’s nothing but the smog and lights from the high-rises. The bridge across the river is still undergoing constructions, as is Central Park and the rest of New York.
“Do you ever feel like you can’t sleep in the middle of the bed? The left side was his. The right was mine. And I still keep to my side after all this time. I don’t know if that makes sense. My body doesn’t want to move to the middle.” Steve shrugged. “I guess, all I’m saying is that...I don’t think endings are ever happy. You wake up one day and the love of your life is dead. You don’t know what to do with yourself. You can’t eat because making food takes too much energy. You’re not even hungry. You just cry until there’s nothing left. Then you realize you gave that love your all. There’s nothing more. No more love to give.”
Steve frowned. He asked the kids not to go there. Steve wasn’t ready to clean up the suits. He had no idea what to do with them and he hadn't read Tony’s will yet, so he didn’t know the protocol. Tony planned his death: he made Pepper CEO with the stipulation of one of the kids taking over if they wished. JARVIS announced that the armor had upgrades. Tony gave him a list of Christmas present ideas, anticipating all their children’s taste and needs. Tony was a futurist. But did he foresee Steve’s demise after his death?
Steve turns the door knob, pulls it open, and looks behind his shoulder one last time. Tony’s face is guarded, but his gaze doesn’t drift. With effort, Steve tries to smile and leaves.
It would be easier to just let Tony hire the cleaners. But there was something about sweeping his own floor and replacing his own bed sheets that just screamed home to Steve.
“Oh my god. Captain America is going to make good on our promise. No one bother us unless there’s a level 5 threat. Wait, nevermind, you guys handle that! New Avengers and all! Me and Steve are retired,” Tony laughs, giddy, pleased, happy, all at once.
“I’m gonna tell everyone I met Tony Stark.” The kid smiles for a beat longer, then jogs off to ride his bike once again.
“My height should have nothing to do with who I am in the big spoon-little spoon debate, thanks very much.” Tony is still in his robe, beard ungroomed. He sticks out his tongue, and damn, this is Steve’s favorite sight.
Tony melts the materials for the badge, crafts it, and has Carol Danvers approve the words Deputy Sheriff.
"I don't remember how or when I started loving you. All I know is why, and there's a million reasons for it, half of it is what I've come to resent you for. Only, that isn't true. Perhaps, that's my favorite part of you," Tony confessed, rubbing his index finger on the edges of Steve's lips. "I deluded myself for so long. But Steve, all I ever wanted was your friendship. For you to be safe." Tony dropped his hand, made himself smaller. He didn't know what to do, and he told Steve just as much. "Where do we go on from here, Steve? Sometimes love isn’t enough.”
Tony was really annoying. He insisted on hiring cleaners for their brownstone in the city. Steve, who was raised to pick up after his own messes, refused. He firmly believed that washing dishes was soothing. It just had to be done. It took only a few minutes.
“I never had that.” Bucky eyed him, suspiciously. They’ve worked a few missions taking out HYDRA once the fiasco with SHIELD was revealed. Bucky had been tracking them and assisting from afar, too afraid to get close to Steve and the team in case he was triggered.
“That isn’t —“ Steve tries, sparing a quick glance at Tony who’s dutifully ignoring them. There’s a line of motor oil on his forearms. Steve swallows. We’re not —“
Tony grabbed a coat, and as he stepped out of the hotel room, Steve appeared with a sheepish smile, a hand still raised as if to knock on the door.
The picture is framed in gold, a humiliating attempt to make murder appear beautiful. The next photograph is Natasha Romanoff with Steve’s new shield stabbing her neck, mouth and eyes still open in shock.
“Tony, Bucky—it wasn’t his fault. I’m not sure how much he remembers.” Steve pinched the space between his eyebrows. He sighed, then glanced up at Tony. “Or if he even remembers me at all. I think he does. He could have taken a shot at me but he didn’t—I think…”
The first meeting was shit. He was a quiet, brooding face that marked him as newly widowed to some long time attendees. The second meeting was also shit. The third meeting was awful and he walked out into the back alley and punched the brick wall.
Witnessing death for the first time didn’t change him. It should have. But it didn’t. Instead, he didn’t take the subway anymore. It was his first experience with death, and like a rite of passage, more death followed.
Tony eyebrows raised high, almost comically. Then, a wide grin spread from his face. It’s like feeling the sun and its warmth again for the first time since going under ice. “Really? Are you—”
He used to do the same exact thing for Tony after his workshop binges. Tony would mumble sleepy about his project and Steve would run his fingers over those curls.
No, he has, a long time ago. And this isn’t like spending a night in a shelter or an airport where there’s a box of Lost & Found. It’s not as easy as searching for misplaced things. He supposes that forgiveness and people do not work that way, no matter how much he wished it did.
Steve pushes Tony’s hair back, and he wonders if it’s better to be in the gallows with the rest of them.
“I know.”  Steve hid himself on Tony’s shoulder. His body was cold even under the sun. “I’m — Tony, I. I love you. Please.”
“Fuck, fuck, I’ll come, you’ll make me come—” Tony tightens his hold on Steve’s hair. “Oh, fuck, fuck, yeah, yeah. Yes, there, please, please.”
“Well, you’re too humble. You should have taken your mantle back.” Tony’s fingers tweedle on the last couple of keys, finishing  Liebestraum No. 3.
Steve sat them down on the wicker sofa, recalling summer nights they spent up here with the kids. There were tales from their time as superheroes told over s’mores. Morgan’s sticky fingers. Harley complaining he ate too much chocolate. Peter laughing through it all.
He spits the toothpaste and rinses his mouth, and when he looks up, Steve’s behind him. A pensive expression on his face. It’s a portrait of domestic life.
Steve hums, waits, the expression on his face lighting up in dark amusement. He traces the bruises on Tony’s face.
Tony dropped his head on Steve’s chest and pinched his nipples. They stayed quiet, satisfied. Steve put a hand over Tony’s shoulder and kissed the top of his head, hand trailing on the scar.
“Sure, not yet, but you got your eyes on him.” Bucky snorted, then nodded. “I don’t remember much, but I’ve been trained to observe humans and find what’s valuable to them. Call it finding one’s incentive or motivation.”
Perhaps, that’s what happens when you think you’ve lost the one thing that kept you from blowing your brain out. Funny, though, drinking was just slow ingested poison, Tony wasn’t a man, or even half a person when drowning himself in the bottle.
“Yes, the rest of it. I’ll fuck you like this for the rest of our lives. You’ll suck me, fuck me, kiss me, love me for the rest of it too. We have all the time in the world and the rest of our lives.” Tony reached in between them, jerking Steve’s dick. “Come, Steve. Come.”
He took a carnation with a long stem and started wrapping its stem around it. Over and over, grabbing a second flower, wrapping again, then a third flower, the yellow ones this time. Steve repeated the motion until he got a semi-circle.
“You’re the perfect boyfriend, man.” Tony petted his hair. “I mean, Captain America is the perfect specimen, peak human perfection and all, but you, you, you, Steve. You’re my perfect person. My person.”
Sometimes a common threat, an enemy, is all that held us together. We always make sense when we are fighting. Battle is the only time we might be honest, be truer versions of ourselves. I like to think that I know you, Steve. All that you are. All these atoms that make up your flesh. Fitting, isn’t it, a man in a machine — maybe that’s all that’s left of me, repulsor held, battle ready — admires the one made out of blood, flesh, bone. You’re more than that, and fuck you for it.
Some evenings, Tony lies in bed, eyes tracing the patterns of freckles on Steve’s back. Sometimes, Tony’s brave enough to trail his fingers on the constellations that can be found all along Steve’s shoulders and arms. Tony breathes, heart heavy with want.
“Haven’t I done the worst? Steve hates me. He couldn't look at me in the field. He didn't speak to me in Asgard. I
Selfishly, he was glad that he pestered Tony all those years ago. Chased after him despite all of Natasha's subtle warnings about jumping into bed with Tony Stark.
Steve presses his face on the space between Tony’s shoulder blades. He inhales, noses the muscle there, then falls asleep with his arm around Tony’s waist.
Steve stands there, hands rubbing at the front of his denim, wishing for a different response. Maybe he wasn’t the only one who didn’t get any sleep last night.
Steve pushes his plate back, recalling the time they went to visit Thor, who had spent months with Jane in New Mexico. He and Tony flew through the state, marveling at the Rocky Mountains.
“You’re right, pa.” She grabbed their laced fingers and pulled him towards the staircase. “I love you.”
Steve stayed there, staring at the helmet, dreading what he’d find. Beside him was a sketchpad filled with drawings of Tony in the workshop. It was still open on an unfinished sketch. Maybe life's like that, incomplete. Always in the state of becoming.
Tony was the one dying, yet here he was, asking Rhodes and Pepper to take care of Steve. Steve didn’t bother wiping his face, it’s been streaked endlessly the last few months, even more so these last 24 hours, where they all seemed to just hold their breaths, wondering when Tony would close his eyes for the final time.
“You alright, Peter?” He stared at the kitchen counter. Their house was a mess. Used tissue paper was thrown haphazardly all over the floors, dirty dishes in the sink, a mountain of letters addressed to the Rogers-Stark family offering condolences from fans and the public.
Steve pulls back just enough to take in Tony, spread out and eager underneath him, and the truth of his feelings, feelings Steve has tried to hide and ignore and belay, hits Steve in the gut.
He swallows Tony down, movements unhurried, dragging the time out so he doesn't have to leave so soon. He reaches down, pressing two fingers back into Tony, fucking his come back inside.
He grabbed a beer from the ice chest and flicked it open with his thumb. Steve took a swing before replying to Carol. He needed to gather his practiced response. Steve was sure Carol and Rhodes would suggest another session with the on-call Avengers therapist.
Hours later, he learned that the train tracks were cleared and the subway resumed it's schedule. The body, what was left of it, was taken piece by piece and placed in a bag, carted away, and life resumed. The subway station announced the arrival of a new car, like nothing happened.
“You’re familiar.” Samuel’s eyes narrow, and for a moment, Steve’s wondering if Samuel will yell out Captain America, what have you done!
In the morning, Steve goes on to make three pots of coffee for the entire team, knowing he’ll have to make another two pots to satisfy these veteran superheroes. Just as he’s about to pull out the large French press, Bucky and Sam grab him by the arms and pull him out the door.
“No, it isn’t. But grief is like that. A stagnant particle with nowhere to go or a circuit that spins and spins.”
Steve’s a hoarder. He couldn’t let go of Tony’s suits. His workshop remained pristine with minor changes as the kids used it as their own lab now. The bots maintain the area, cleaning the suits so they don't get dusty.
“But the axe or the ship or whatever it is you want to use as your metaphor doesn’t exist in a vacuum, Steve. BARF isn’t going to help you if you don’t actually use it to get better.”
Reed has his hands deep inside the sternum of what could only be described as an alien wearing Walter Lawson’s face. It's hair is still blond. It's humanoid in form, but that's all where similarities lie.
“It doesn’t have to be,” Steve pulls him close, buries his nose on the column of Tony’s neck, peppers kisses in the sensitive curve of his ear, then Steve’s licking and tasting the sweat from their fight earlier.
There was no time like the present. He got his ass up and walked to the table. He clicked the manual release from the helmet and entered his access code.
“Time of Death is 2:37pm,” JARVIS added in a quiet voice as if trying to respect the moment. He almost sounded human.
I didn’t realize it then. I thought you hated me. Terrified of what I’d become with Extremis. I really thought it was the right move. I still stand by that. But I’ve fucked up, I’m fucking up now. The last thing I’ll do is this. Keep all the files from Osborn. Delete, delete, delete. Files deleted.
“He doesn’t hate you,” Steve replies quickly. He rests a hand on Natasha’s shoulder and forces her to face him. “He doesn’t.”
They’ll need it if the Skrulls ever return. They’ll need to find their spaceship too. There’s so much work to do, but Tony remains paralyzed.
You’re back. Well, a version of you is. Guess what the first thing you— well, a version of you— did? Throw the shield to my face. Do you always have to be in a war stance or in a rest parade? I still wonder, whether you’re softer, looser with your girlfriends. Lovers, whatever. Was it like that with Sharon? These days, I don’t think I can manage to unwind. Sometimes I think the rough, jagged parts are all that I have left. I’m not like you, Steve.
“Do you really want to do that now?” Tony looks up at him. “You should get some sleep before your trek.”
“Rogers.” Tony takes him in, face heating at the use of his given name in public. “Alright, okay, alright,” he repeats again and again.
He imagines it might not be easy for a child to spend half a week in a city, then be dropped off to another home. Still, he and Tony do their best to accommodate her needs and that means establishing a routine for all of them.
“Sure.” Tony snorts, reaching for his burger again. He takes another two bites before saying, “Ex-fugitive though.” He softens the statement with a raised eyebrow, as if challenging Steve to disagree.
“Hmm. My favorite way to wake up.” Tony opened his arms, gesturing for Steve to settle on top of him. “I love this, Steve. I love how we’re making this home. Thank you.” Tony blinked sleepily, likely still on the edges of his dream.
Each room in the house led to Tony in one form or another. The library was filled with his books ranging from philosophy to quantum theory. They selected the paintings from his personal collection and they hung Tony's favorites on the north wall of the living room.
He’d like a dog in the house. He never entertained the idea as a child, but now, Steve understands the appeal.
Steve took it with a grateful smile. “Yeah, whatever else this turns out to be, you’ll do good in the world, Tony.”
Tony devoured the news reports documenting the war, trying to piece together how they fell apart. It was his fault.
Steve’s mouth opens, his tongue peaks out, and he’s rising up on his knees, kissing Tony, rubbing his biceps, falling forward in an embrace. They kiss, on and on, touching pink-red bruises, scratching each other’s scalps. Tony feels the heat in his belly grow again, feels it all the way down to his toes.
But all he says is, “It does you know, somehow. I saw that. There was a —“ He cuts off, abruptly realizing that he had so much to say about what he’s seen: how people continue to love despite all the misgivings in the world.
Bruce takes the final roll of bread and promises to go over some math homework with Kate after dinner. They stand, stacking used dishes in a pile.
The sun continues to rise, drying the damp streets from the early morning rain. His feet hit the concrete again and again, until he’s zooming past the main street and running through neighborhoods with large wrap around porches.
“It’s not,” he looks up at the sky, then back at Steve. “Haven’t seen you around here. I usually know all the dwellers by the beach.”
“If the axe breaks and you replace the head, is it still the same axe?” Then he added as an afterthought, “The original saying was the Ship of Theseus. I’m not replacing memories, though.”
Tony fiddles with the door. Inside, he drops the key on the vanity and toes off his shoes before dropping to the bed. He stretches his hands over his head and yawns.
Steve’s full on crying now, ugly, messy, his face hurt badly and it was hard to breathe. He didn’t recognize the howl that came out of him until Tony’s hands were on his cheeks, pressing his fingers on Steve’s eyelids. Tony wiped the tears with shaking hands.
“No, not overbearing, but you don’t have to carry all of this yourself you know. You could actually talk to your kids, instead of saying you’re alright. Instead of telling them that everything’s fine. They’re not stupid. They know… They’re worried about you, that’s all. You can’t pretend that you’re okay in front of them. They
You wrote me a letter first so I decided, why not, what do I have to lose now. Already lost you. A dead man can’t write back and unless a miracle happens (doubt it), you’ll never read these.
Tony dropped his head on Steve’s chest, body shaking in laughter. “You don’t have to ask, baby.” He looked amused. “I really hope you’re not planning to take it slow with me. Because, Rogers, I gotta admit, I’ve been crushing on you for months. If you’re planning to woo me and take me to bed weeks from now, I might actually explode.”
Tony's eyes shut, and he squirms when Steve presses on his abdomen. "I love seeing you lose it," he whispers to Tony's ear. "Come on, for me, let go, Tony."
Tony hisses as Steve drags his thick cock against his balls. He looks down at his broken feet, focusing on the missing nails.
He opens the curtains, watching the lights from the streets turn off, one by one. He doesn’t know what to do with his hands. He’s so used to throwing the shield, even if it’s been years since he’s last picked it up. Drawing has always provided him respite, but it doesn’t come easy these days.
He stripped the bedsheet and pillow cases then dumped them to the laundry basket along with the comforter. He took the mattress and its box spring and removed it from the room. Steve breathed deeply.
Steve can’t help the smile that bursts from his face, and it’s too much all at once, revealing and shameless. But he doesn’t care. He doesn’t attempt to school his features. He’s all too aware of his heart picking up speed.
“I know, I know. Let’s just stay here for a minute, alright?” Steve swallowed, patting Morgan’s head as her sobs picked up again. “Just a little while.”
“I will. I know you will too.” Steve lathered up Tony’s back and kissed his neck. “I can’t wait to spend the rest of our lives raising children.”
On the north side of the office hangs the first painting that Steve completed since waking up from ice. It’s Stark Tower against the rest of New York. Tony had insisted that Steve bring it to the Compound. He had elbowed Steve on the side and joked, “Bring it with you, let them see you can make something pretty and that you’re not just good at throwing your shield, Cap.”
Rumiko, though, is someone Steve’s still learning—learning to know, learning to like, learning to stop comparing himself to—because what does it matter now, anyway, how he compares to her? He’s seen the coverage in the papers.
“I know,” Steve says. It hurts, but it’s true. He’s happy they all have each other. “Believe me, I know.”
Steve should be used to this suffocating silence by now, but he’s not. Once he’s in the car, he opens the glove compartment to shove the flip phone inside, rolls down the window and begins the drive towards the coast.
Tony hums, eyeing him for a beat, then seems to find something of approval. He hops from the chair. “I’ll walk you out.”
“Hi, baby, it’s me.” Tony sat down on his favorite chair in the workshop. He spun it over, arms leaning against the back. “Left you a little something. I miss you already. I’m still here but.”
“I don’t have a reason to lie.” Steve tilted Tony’s chin and kissed both his eyes. Tony’s eyelashes fluttered under Steve’s own lips. “Plus, I can’t take the thought of you coming home late. I miss you all day.”
He can’t help but feel grateful that she has let him go, allowing him to live a life of his own choosing without making him question his choices. They’ve always had mutual respect for each other, and it’s only now that he’s face with her sharp, knowing eyes and quick wit does he realize he won’t leave the Compound unscathed.
She held up a hand, “No. You can’t tie your purpose to someone else. That’s what I’ve done. What I’m still doing.” She blew a frustrated sigh. “Sorry, being an asshole again.”
Tony fights his orgasm, grabs Steve by the neck and thrusts up. “No, I want to come inside your mouth after you’re done.”
A group of women are attempting to calm Mayor Danvers, but she’s in hysterics, crying out. “She killed my husband! She killed him.”
Steve grimaced. He stood, pushed forward, and occupied Nat’s seat on the side of the bed. He reached over, slow, letting Tony stop him in case he didn’t want to be touched.
The justifications are trite. Tony’s seen the world, what would he do with Steve in a second hand car with a janky door handle and missing back seats?
“That kid is too overprotective, I swear.” Tony smiled, bumped their foreheads. “He gets that from you.”
Morgan was sitting on the lap of a sedentary Iron Man suit. It was Mark VII, the suit Tony wore when he redirected the nuke to the portal in the Battle of New York. They were on the floor and one of Tony’s—no, the suit’s—hand was on her waist. He wondered if she placed it there. If she arranged them like that. Tony used to do that whenever she sat on his lap.
He won’t. He won’t give up. Steve Rogers didn’t do that. He’ll pretend this was a battle. He had to live. He had to. There’s so much more of life, they told him. There has to be something more than grief swallowing him whole.
The cafe is set on high terrain overlooking the cool waves. The sea is a funny thing. No matter how many times it’s pushed away from shore, it returns, again and again, endless in its perseverance. He thinks he used to be a bit like that, a man who doesn’t know when to stop. A man too stubborn to stay away from the chase, a man running towards the cold waters, no care that he’s got no spare clothes.
In the bakery, there was nothing left but sesame seed bagels. No one else seems to like that but you. I forced myself to swallow it down. Don’t know how you did it, Steve. Maybe I’ll always wonder.
Steve laughed and slicked his aching dick with both of their spit. Then, for good measure, he fingered Tony again, pumping in and out, hard.
Bucky stayed perched on the other sofa, one foot on his other knee. He nursed the empty glass, turning it in his hand. “The kids are really worried. I know Harley’s been a little shit. It might help to show them you’re moving on, Stevie.”
Dating didn’t interest him. He yearned for the familiar, so he moved back to his neighborhood in Brooklyn, but when he walked around the borough, the buildings appeared unfamiliar. The world moved on without him. Steve was still playing catch up.
I shake my head and wonder when I decided this form of freedom with Steve’s hands around me was better than the cage they place the rest of my people in.
It pisses him off when the townsfolk give him shaky smiles. For what reason, Tony doesn’t understand.
“Yeah, pops, but we have now. We have today, tomorrow. We’re still here. Morgan, Harley, me. Uncle Rhodey, Bucky, Sam. Aunt Carol, Nat, and Pepper. We’ll be here the next day, the day after,” Peter mumbled on Steve’s shirt. “You have us.”
He wants to cry. He thought he cried everything last night, these past three years, five years, even. It’s like whiplash: Tony giving him the shield, walking out of the building, standing by Compound’s lake and wanting to wash away. Now he wants to shut out the
And here he was now: alone. Where he once thought he’d carry the world with his own two hands, the world slipped and rotated further and further away.
Steve kisses him, drops some spit onto his awaiting mouth, and it’s all fine, even just for a few moments, because Steve is thrusting wild and keeps staring at him the entire time.
“Smells good!” Kate and Riri skip into the dining room and pull up their chairs, both flanking the head of the table.
Tony rolled his eyes but swallowed him down with expertise. He groaned, digging a hand on Steve’s thighs, and flattening his tongue to swirl at the shaft. Steve watched with a fond smile. “You’re perfect on your knees, Tony. Will you let me come on your tongue?”
His shirt was rumpled. Two buttons were missing, and while he didn’t bother rolling up his sleeves, one of the silver cufflinks was also absent. There were sweat stains under his armpits and his goatee had been transformed into a full beard. There were crumbs from the toast he tried to eat hours ago. A day ago, maybe.
Steve sat back on his heels and pulled Tony’s stapled hand towards his chest. He didn’t say anything. He didn’t even look at Tony. Steve examined the unnatural curl of his hands and unlike Carol, he didn’t bother with the pliers, he just pulled them out without warning. Steve dropped the nails onto the coffee table and wiped the blood from his hand. He reached for Tony’s shirt, unbuttoned it, ignoring all protests, and removed it.
I didn’t cry at my father’s funeral. I cried on the way home. Jarvis passed me an embroidered handkerchief with a yellow tulip. He let me keep it. At night, when I think of you and when I’m weak — it’s often — I turn away from staring at the bottle, crawl into bed, and soak that damned handkerchief until the tulip turns a darker shade.
Peter just stared at them with blank eyes. Steve sat beside his two sons and arranged Morgan on his lap. He kept trying to feed her but she kept spitting out her food. It was naughty, but he didn’t have the energy to reprimand her. Steve didn’t have an appetite either.
Pretend that it’s just him and Tony in the penthouse, spending a night in after finishing two boxes of pizza. No Avengers business or an intergalactic crisis, just the two of them, happy. He plants his front, feeling the warmth of Tony’s back on his chest, the beat of his pulse, and with his other hand, he caresses Tony’s pecs, the way someone might do when they’re saying goodbye to a grave.
“It’s something I never want to let go of, Steve.” Tony pressed their foreheads together and closed his eyes. Steve blinked the sting in his eyes away. He didn’t know what he’d do if this lovely little life of theirs was taken from him.
He doesn’t move, trying instead to catalogue Tony’s response: the rise and fall of his chest, the sweat on the valley of his back, the way he makes a soft noise when Steve squeezes his hips—
Steve pushed from his heels and jogged over to Tony. “I smell like I’ve been in the sun for the last three hours while my husband was running around town doing whatever it is he does.”
He slicks himself up with the lube Rumiko gave him and lines up his cock. Rumiko told him in advance that he doesn’t need the rubber. Tony and Rumiko are both clean, and as long as Captain America’s comfortable with that, there’s no issue.
Families and college students have begun filling up the cabins and the resorts further north. Around town, there will be out-of-towners milling about, asking for directions. Oftentimes, they stop by Iz's with their SUVs packed with skiing gear, seeking a warm meal. Today, Tony makes a fuss that their usual booth is taken, so Iz packs them a to-go box with extra salsa and they head back home.
Steve’s pressing at his prostate, and it’s too much pressure. Tony’s biting his lips from moaning, from crying out, and suddenly, he becomes aware of the pain in his under his belly, too.
They loved science and looked nothing alike. Whereas Peter took after Tony’s earnestness, he was also so naive. Steve didn’t have the heart to tell him that it’s a cold-blooded world full of disappointments.
“You work with Red Wolf and myself, you need to show the town your face,” she says, patiently. “Come on.”
The thing that Harley inherited from Tony was his denial of feelings until the moment he exploded. No, that’s probably wrong. He’s more like Steve in that case.
The bed didn’t weigh anything to Steve, but his heart felt heavy carrying it out of the room. He set it in the hallway, careful to not disrupt the hanging photographs of their family.
“You can’t threaten me anymore. Everyone is dead. My people are dead. I’m not the first. Just kill me. Find another one. You have the rest of us locked up, so get someone else. I’m sick of this skin.”
That’s Steve Rogers. He’s willing to take crumbs because he knows what it’s like to have nothing else. Only, now, it seems like taking scraps is a punishment all on its own.
Tony grabs a couple of serving spoons and a loaf of bread. Finally, he turns, and tells Steve, “You should talk to her. She drinks too much.”
“Then, what’s wrong,” Steve presses closer, crading Tony’s jaw with his free hand. “Do you not want me anymore?”
They could leave after this, but that means a longer drive, and another day gone by. Soon, they’ll make it West and back. Steve keeps his mouth shut and alternates his gaze between Tony charming the waitress and the rest of the town milling about in the main square.
” Tony rolls his eyes with a snort. “Yeah, sappy. For Rhodey, I’d get it, but with Carole? Can you believe it?”
You take. You take. You take. I think I gave you everything. All of it. Maybe it wasn’t enough. I’m sorry. I’m sorry, alright. I’m sorry, Steve. I am. Forgive me.
The receptionist talks his ear off for a good fifteen minutes. She says she hates living in such a small town in the middle of nowhere, describes this little place as a step up from the unincorporated Amish town five miles away, then directs him to a cafe that must still be open.
Tony paws at his chest, he pushes a little bit, so Steve leans back to catch his wrists. “You want this right?”
Tony didn’t know who moved first, but one moment, they filled the room with the sound of their cries, and then they were kissing. There was the taste of salt in both of their mouths.
He’s in his skin-tight Commander uniform. The star on his chest blazes like pride. Humans are such fools.
“Play the damned song, Stark.” Steve’s hands go to rest on his belt buckle, the ridges reading US for United States, Steve, so patriotic and rightetous. It's fitting. Tony wishes to mend the belt and change the letters to TS instead. Maybe he can convince Steve to wear it, one of these days, but only in their quarters, of course.
Tony remembered that had his faceplate up, crying, begging Steve to tell him what they could do. It was coming in pieces now. There was a photograph of the Avengers hanging on the walls. Steve had thrown the shield down. They’d been punching each other. Reaching no conclusion. Walking out of the Mansion without a second glance.
“Oh, good morning.” Tony leaned closer, letting out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. His heart slotted back in place as Steve waved the bag. “I thought you had left.”
“STARK!” His name is called repeatedly from below followed by a series of rapid knocks. “GET DOWN HERE!”
Steve took it after throwing Harley a confused look. Mark XLII pulled him up until they stood close, Steve’s chest and the armor plating touching. Then, the suit pulled him into an embrace.
God, when some of his unit spoke of Tony Stark’s sex tape, Steve confiscated the material, then proceeded to watch it in his quarters. It was the only thing that took his mind off the violence in the desert. Tony Stark’s naked flesh. His plump lips, bright eyes. It was easy to imagine himself in Stone’s position. Except, Steve wouldn’t be violent. He wouldn’t fuck Tony’s face and he sure as hell wouldn’t come all over his back. No, Steve would prefer to keep his semen inside Tony. He’d fuck it back in and lift his legs to check that none slips out. Stone was a menace in the video, a relentless twat who didn’t even jerk Tony off.
There's no one else I miss but you. I've told you, Steve. You're an inspiration. To all of us. To me. I'm trying. I strive for the best with SHIELD. With SHRA. With the Avengers. I do. It's not enough. I wish it was.
He wants to demand answers because responsibilities isn’t good enough. They’ll always have responsibilities, it follows them from all corners, no matter how far they travel. It’s always there. But Steve swallows down the retorts, the pointed questions. He has no right to ask.
Steve’s cock is thick and he’s bigger than any sun I’ve seen. Maybe this is why they have monuments of him across the city.
“Goddamn it, Tony,” Steve twists the strands of his hair, pushing it back, then pulling again, like he can’t decide. He’s always been a determined man, pragmatic at best. He’s always made decisions easier than Tony ever has, and now, Steve’s decided on a brutal thrust, and Tony lets him, chokes on his dick, allows Steve’s heavy breathes to wash over him. Steve’s cock hitting the back of his throat, balls slamming on his chin. “Why, Tony, why do you have to—why, just. Fuck,” Steve keeps repeating, both hands on Tony’s neck, dragging Tony’s face to his cock.
Steve’s done nothing these last three years but bounce from one country to another, each stay never lasting more than several weeks long.
The circle of people thin, until it’s just Mayor Danvers and Peter Parker mourning decomposing bodies.
He raises the comforter, hugs Tony’s chest, and goes to sleep to the sound of the ocean rippling outside.
Steve doesn’t say anything and they remain there, in the quiet of the room, with just the flashing maps in the holo-screen to distract them from the things they refuse to say.
He’s always watching me and cataloguing my every breath. He tracks each movement, from the tilt of my head to my gait.
I’ve been happy with you and the life we’ve built together. It’s been everything to me. So this ending is happy, too.”
Stripped out of his armor, naked, not even the exo-skeleton from Extremis covering him, Tony felt human in the most elementary sense. This might be all Steve wanted. For him to remain the same, untouched, untroubled by the responsibilities that came with being more than what he was born to do.
whispering to Steve between kisses, hands brushing up and down Steve’s torso. “Bed, let’s go to bed.”
Extremis had repaired him, but it couldn’t do anything to mend the fact that his life was in shambles.
All these shady, underhanded points have crossed his mind, but like most men, Steve didn’t trace the connections until it affected him and punched him in the face.
Tony’s face remained impassive, the only give away to his anger was the tilted smirk. It wasn’t in victory; he wore the same masks in front of the press and Fury. It was a jagged, forced smile that belied the hurt in his eyes.
Steve’s jaw works and he forces himself to center his attention on Tony instead of listening to her purr, telling Tony that
“Well, if it means living a life with some sort of peace, I think it’s worth it.” Tony rubbed at the removable arc reactor on his chest.
His cell is as cold as an ice box and the blanket he wraps around himself doesn’t ease his shivers. He follows the warmth for a brief moment, only to remember that he’ll be burned soon enough.
“Have a good day, kids.” He ruffled their hairs and watched as they walked down the street. They disappeared, blending in with the rest of New York’s pedestrians.
In the middle of the bouquet was Tony's old reactor. He barked a laugh at their inside joke. Tony once told him that he might have pursued Pepper if the tide blew that way. But they weren’t the type of people to chase after each other, not like Steve and Tony.
She stared at Tony, her wide blue eyes filled with tears. Even in death, she looked defiant, as if this was the only choice left.
“I do everything I can for them—the same old things.” He laughed, the ugly sound echoing in the room. This house used to be filled with jokes and laughter. Now his kids barely smile. “I don’t know how to live without him. It’s pretty pathetic, isn’t it? My entire life, since waking up from the ice was being Captain America. Being with Tony. Being a father, being Tony Stark’s husband. I don’t know what to do without him.”
“Thor flew in along with Valkyrie. They brought way too much mead, and Carole got into a shouting match trying to pry the barrel from Rhodey.”
Tony snorts. “In fact, I did. Is this what you did, what you’ve done, all these years? Help the little guy when their truck stops?”
What if they were still a team. What if he told Tony the truth, what if he listened and compromised, what if they worked together to revise a stupid document that doesn’t even matter anymore, what if he was honest. What if he was a better man? What if he wasn’t a coward. What if he was perfect? What if he was good?
Steve is lost. There’s a hundred different things he wants to say to express what he feels, but Tony simply nods, as if understanding what Steve means unspoken. “I saw the end. Then, there was you. You were all I thought of. All I ever think of.”
But today. Tonight. They’ve got the rest of the evening, and maybe the morning before Steve would have to pad off, take a warm shower, pull his clothes back on, and leave Tony to fester in the smell of their used sheets.
Steve relaxed his throat, tilting up for Tony to slide further in. He groaned as Tony hit the back of his throat. Again and again, Tony slipped inside like it was his goal to bruise the back of Steve’s mouth.
His cock stirs, but he ignores it and scrubs himself with vigor. Water splashes as he steps out of the tub. Steve dries his hair and torso. Little drops of water run from his shins to the floor, but he pays it no mind, only to realize that he’s left his clothes in the room.
Steve steels himself, unlocks his jaw, puts his hands on parade rest, and tries to remain unassuming. He straights, then in the most commanding voice he could muster, he turns to Tony and says, “Mr. Stark, you don’t know me, but I just witnessed this man put something in your drink.”
“Mitski said we just have to feel it. It comes in waves, in and out. I think I’m getting better. Some days are bad for me. I think it’s the same for Harley and Morgan. But it’s not linear. There isn’t a single universal process. That’s what being human is. It’s not like science, clear trial and error.
Sheriff Red Wolf tilts his head to look at the sky. The sun is high up, the heat of the summer turning blisters on their backs. “Did Ben Ulrich say something along the lines of Timely taking a supernatural quality?”
Steve doesn’t even flinch. He gives a guileless smile, and Tony is reminded that at one point, he chased the upward quirk of those lips.
“All the good ones are.” Samuel winks and circles them to jump into his truck. He rolls down the window and waves goodbye. “I’ll come by Victoria’s tomorrow and show you around town.”
“Oh, we’re going to pick on Tony? That’s what you wanna do today? And here I was about to offer to suck your dick.” Tony wiped the frothy bubbles from his temples and rinsed the shampoo off Steve’s hair.
“I like the burn,” Steve moaned, pushing back. He shifted his weight on one hand and grabbed his leaking prick with the other. “I like when you fuck me open.”
Everything seemed stagnant. Steve had a mediocre job that no longer granted him satisfaction. He was an Avenger when there was a world catastrophe, but mostly, SHIELD had him running around the country putting out fires with Natasha and Clint. He learned that agents were constrained by protocols and always had the possibility of being subdued and dismissed if they didn’t follow the ironclad rules.
In the moment, it gave Steve some peace of mind that he was in control. He was the one choosing to sever ties and forcefully erase Tony Stark’s mark in his life. Never mind that just weeks later, he succumbed and sent a half-baked letter that failed to communicate what he truly meant.
“Right.” Tony leaned back against Nat’s ministrations. He relaxed into her care. “Well, I’m fine now, so no worries, Cap.”
Natasha appeared beside him, observing the porcelain shatters in the sink. She peeked over his arm and took the sponge from his fingers. “It’s just a surface cut, it’ll heal in a few minutes.”
And Steve? He’ll be fine. He’ll adapt to it, school his expression to something that’s less revealing every time they enter the room together. There’ll still be afternoon bagels after debriefs and late evenings spent in the Mansion’s conference room strategizing. Tony’s not leaving Steve. He’s not.
“The body remembers. Always.” Aisha inclined her head, signaling some sort of solidarity. She tucked her sunglasses over her hair, then crossed her arms. Steve’s watched Tony do the same hundreds of times over the years. “Sometimes I think it’s just a matter of training ourselves to live without them. Forcing ourselves to pretend that there’s more out here. In this damned life.”
A beer he didn’t ask for is set on the table. The barkeeper shrugs, says, “looks like you need it, bud,” then he turns back to scrubbing down the tables across the room.
Tony hoards all of Steve’s items, however small and insignificant they are to him. In those nights sleep refuses to come, Tony wraps himself in Steve’s blanket and tries to forgot how Steve used to hold him down, wrap a hand over his mouth, and  fuck him into the mattress.
Tony’s hand has migrated to pull Steve’s face, trailing open mouthed kisses on his neck, pushing his t-shirt down so Tony could reach the upper corners of his pecs. Steve pushes him back, grinding their bodies closer, until they’re pressed from hip to hip, no inch of their bodies left untouched. Steve’s large hands are on the back of his neck, squeezing, asking. Just one hopeful look from Steve and everything unravels.
All of town, even the kids, are in the square. Kate, Tommy, and Cassandra stand on the sidelines, flanked by the Richard’s. Parker is the back, an arm around his aunt.
Sometimes, the serum could be good. Steve remembers everything: from the way his shield clattered on the cement at the bunker, to the hits he took from aliens to his own team; all of this is seared into his brain. Sometimes, it isn’t quiet.
“Can you stop trying to die?” Steve whispered, harshly, turning and shifting to the middle of the bed until they were just inches apart. “I am broken up about this, Tony. It was always me and you. You remember that? How they used to joke that we’re Mom and Dad? I think of that, us in the Mansion, us in the Tower, leading the team, doing good in this world, and I think, I can do
Bit by bit, stitching themselves with trembling fingers. Steve thinks the needle and thread are too sharp these days.
The warm and loose feeling is crawling up his spine and it makes Steve a little braver, a little bolder. “It sounds like you haven’t had many people care about your life, then.”
She asks him about his “man.” Steve stutters his reply, saying there’s no man at all, it’s not like that between them. She’s not amused with his response, but continues the conversation like a bliss isn't crawling over Steve’s face. Mostly, Steve listens, as he does, asks a little bit about her life. All of her closest kin survived the Decimation, a miracle, she insists, then makes a motion to the ceiling.
Eventually, Tony made his way back to their group. “Barton, Romanoff, Barnes. You all wanna get this Avengers thing going? I think I got Cap on the ‘hell yes’ list. I’ve got a mansion upstate that we can turn into some sort of facility. Weed out the rest of HYDRA, make sure SHIELD has some sort of oversight because this government sure as hell isn’t gonna be doing that. You could go independent. I’ll offer spousal insurance, Barton.”
“Ah, I see. Couple’s trip across the country. How quaint. Romantic,” the man says with no sarcasm, just an observation. There’s a mischievous air to him now. He winks at Steve. “Valentine’s weekend already passed, you know.”
“Detain them if at all possible,” Red Wolf commands, sprinting past Danvers. “Stark, get your coffin! Your suit!”
You punched me in the face. I deserve that though. Killer left hook. I might have forgotten to mention that I had a trip to Madripoor and saw our old friend, Madame Hydra. She recognized my fighting style. I've got to thank you for that. Seeing you in action, spitfire and full of righteous demand reminds me of what we’ve lost. What the world lost.
Steve’s chest twisted. He wasn’t part of inside jokes, but that’s alright, he was content on being on the sidelines. He and Tony had their own park bench, their own shared histories, and plans for the future. Everything was fine, and for once, Steve wasn’t scared of the unknowable future.
Tony found a park bench and they sat side by side, shoulder to shoulder, even though they had no reason to be so close to each other. Steve didn’t complain.
“You told me once, time is relative. I’d wait forever for you to get your head out of your ass, if I had to Stark.”
It felt like a mausoleum to return to the Compound with the day staff all gone, disappeared into a void or fleeing to their homes, to their families, trying to make sense of this new life they’re supposed to live.
Steve scrubbed a hand through his face then propped the mug down. He set it next to his own favorite, the black mug that had
When I’m bruised and bloody, Steve supports my weight in the shower and kisses my neck. He takes me apart like fucking is an apology.
Steve thinks that Tony must have seen something then. Perhaps, predicted, or already knew who Steve is, deep down, through and through.
“There’s that support group in Brooklyn. The one Sam mentioned?” Pepper said. Her eyes were red-rimmed again. Steve wondered how she had so much control over her features. He’s never seen the tears fall from her eyes since the funeral. “Give it a shot? It might help be around other people who are going through the same situation.”
“In a bit. I like watching you with him. You, together.” Steve sat down on the rocking chair in the corner, listening to Tony hum a song.
“But. You two already took the jump. That’s a brave step, trying to be whole again, finding purpose. We have to keep going.” Steve finished, hands in his pockets, balled into fists.
Tony sees Steve's shiny boots until he crouches to the ground, and then all that’s left are those stupid green trousers that should be blue.
Tony intertwines their fingers and brings them to his chest. They both look down to see the wedding band on Steve’s left hand.
But hell was a living creature and he’s woken up in the pits of its belly since Tuesday. Maybe even before. Maybe when the doctors showed him charts and told them about cancer.
“You like this,” Steve says, thrusting deeper and skating a hand over my body. My ribs. My cock. “Tell me, can you tell me how much you like this?”
He’ll ask Tony to open his goddamn eyes so he knows it’s Steve. It’s Steve, and it always has been, since the beginning, who loves him, who’ll please him, who’ll fuck him good and cook him eggs in the morning. Because Steve’s willing to stay until the morning, kiss Tony’s eyes open. He wants to see those blue eyes. He’s always been fond of them, tracking them behind the faceplate whenever he’d wondered who was behind the armor.
The only place he’s ever felt comfortable was at the workshop with Tony, debriefing over their debrief, arguing over strategy, or just plain bickering, standing on the edge of something else. Teasing each other, willing, hoping that one takes the final push. But they never do, and that’s Steve Roger’s life, a series of missed opportunities.
Tony choked, overwhelmed by the influx of memories filling his brain. It had been slow waking days before, feeding him short scenes, incomplete conversations, but now, he remembered. It was if a rubber band was snapping back into place.
“Could be.” Steve sighs, and looks at the landscape out west. They’re surrounded by land and sea, barely sketched under the too blue sky.
The kid, no older than ten, begs off being helped, but Tony soon convinces him to clean and put gauze over his scrapped knees because that’s what Iron Man would want. The kid soon agrees without much protest, and they’re all back at the mart purchasing a small first aid kid. The kid stoops down the side walk and places his legs over Tony’s thigh.
The man who stayed up too late and complained about Steve leaving the bed too early in the morning. The one who pouted and demanded breakfast in the middle of the night. The man who wouldn’t stop fretting about his children. The man who packed their lunches and cut up Morgan's sandwiches into stars. The one who taught Harley how to build a basic robot. The one who taught the children the periodic table before the alphabet. The one who loved Steve and promised him
With two years on the run, there wasn’t much time to groom it. When he returned to the Compound after Wakanda, he took the kit from his old room and shaved hairs off in slow, careful strokes. He’ll never admit that he paused too long on the curve of his neck, blade sharp on his jugular.
“Yeah, us.” Steve squeezed Tony’s hand, then stepped back as Romanoff flipped forward. She smirked at Bucky, and god, what a thought. “Together.”
"Steve, fuck," Tony choked out. It was always a beautiful scene to see him fall apart. Tony groaned, rocking up and down furiously, driving Steve crazy. He spilled between them and the water washed away the spunk. He wished he could lick it off before it reached the drainage.
Tony had shut those thoughts away in a corner of his brain, labeled it as an error. Steve would never look back, and there’s never been time for dreaming when the world suffered crisis after crisis. Not when Tony was running, rebuilding himself, planning to destroy planets, wiping Steve’s memories. This must be the punishment Steve never allowed himself to give.
“Are you sure you want to tell him?” Natasha stood up, grabbing the file from Clint’s hands. She handed them over to Steve.
“Alright, alright,” Tony yells, cupping his hands and waving them off. “We’re gonna check on something in the back. Don’t burn anything down, Barnes! Wilson, you better watch your man.”
There’s so many things Steve wants to say, he doesn’t know where to begin, too afraid to say the wrong thing, too afraid that they’ll explode, that there will be accusations, that he’ll be called a liar again.
It’s a familiar feeling: bile rising in his throat, the feeling of his tears about to fall. Steve forced himself to smile. He opened the door, placed the tray on the side table before helping Tony into bed. Steve padded over with the tray of food as the kids came running in.
Tony would be responsive. He’s always been reactionary, yes—a planner, a futurist, seeing what the rest of them can’t predict. Steve wonders if Tony ever saw this happening—ever saw Steve, in his depraved want, abiding to these conditions because the yearning consumes him until this is all that’s left. A choice. A decision. Almost a betrayal. To himself? To Tony? Steve doesn’t know.
Once the finger is pulled out, Steve is lining up behind him, pressing against him, no care that Tony isn’t ready.
Any bone that’s left must be decaying in the mud. Gobbled up until it’s white as ivory, dirtied as pigs roll in their waste.
Extremis showed him Happy and Sal’s death certificates. Then, came the vivid memory of the Mandarin attacking them, Sal smoking up in the Helicarrier and being in the line of fire. As he read about the Mighty Avengers and Ultron, he found himself reliving Jan’s death.
Her eyes are filled with unshed tears and there’s a quirk in her left eyebrows that fade as her lips tremble. Her breath is harsh when she says, “I didn’t like who I was before this. This is who I am. I never thought that family would be so formative. Important. It’s childish, isn’t it? But it’s what I want. That’s why I stay. Why I’m here. Why I’m still trying, Steve.”
“I had a family,” he croaks out, refusing to think of seeing Bucky turn into dust and how Wanda or Sam were nowhere to be found in the remains of Wakanda.
Steve gently presses at his shoulder. “I’ll take care of you. You need someone to care for you.” He lowers Tony’s wrists back to the hand, then rubs at his arms, up and down. “You have nothing to worry about now, darling.” Steve kisses him again, taking his time to skate his fingers on Tony’s ribs then down his torso.
It was his senses messing with him. There was a discrepancy between what his eyes saw and what he sensed.
He pulled Tony into the bedroom. The curtains were open. There was only a hint of the moon, outshined by the burning lights of the city.
But this half-life was something Steve needed to become habitual. If he had the choice, he’d be gone, adrift in the bottom of the ocean.
He listened to the conversations around the table, chiming in and nodding at the right places so it didn’t look like he was lost in memories again. On his left, Bucky nudged him, pushing the plate of corn tortillas towards Steve.
Tony glares and rubs his hair. “Ok, sir. I thought you said these gray streaks make me look distinguished.”
“You outta know. I bet you’re the type of man who doesn’t wanna say jackshit.” Samuel grins widely, flashing a set of gummy teeth. The incisor is plated in silver.
Two young women occupy the sofa across from him. A series of expressions cross their faces, they seem just as surprised to see him, but they hide it well.
“Fuck you, Steve, fuck you,” Tony’s shaking his head, frantic now. What the fuck is Steve talking about? How can Steve do this?
It’s like he was deep asleep in the Arctic. Body reserving his life. Steve’s awake and confined to his own penitentiary. Memory was a shark that circled him in the deep waters. It wasn't the shark’s murderous intent that drove up his anxiety, but it was the very fact that the shark existed at all.
Tony would kiss both of his eyes, his cheeks, everywhere, whatever he could reach, then slap Steve’s ass before making his way to the shower. “Good morning, beloved.”
And where was he, Steve wonders. He knows where he was, and can pinpoint the exact coordinates. He remembers the temperature walking around the Highlands, thinking, always thinking.
It was no longer attached permanently to his chest. Just a few months ago, he underwent a rigorous surgery to remove the shrapnel. Steve paced the waiting room, waiting for an update for hours. Tony assured him that he’d be fine, but Steve didn’t want to lose another friend. Not on his watch. He just got Bucky back. Everything was going well.
Steve gave as good as he got then leaned away momentarily to place the vibranium ring on Tony’s finger. He had to make a risky bet with T’Challa to get the material, but it was worth it.
He tries not to shift from feet to feet. It’s an old habit, usually done when he’s nervous. The military broke that out of him, but Steve feels like resorting to it now. He rubs at the back of his neck, then stuffs his hands into his pocket. Tony is looking at him up and down with a smile.
“Looks good.” He ruffled her hair and traced the lines on Tony’s goatee in the drawing. “You drew me and your dad, too.”
Natasha knocks and picks the workshop’s doors open. Gone is the bonnet she wore when James returned. She’s wearing her riding boots. Pistol on her hip.
“Let’s go to bed?” Steve rolls his shoulders back twice. He’s still naked and when he presses close, his pubic hair tickles Tony.
This is it. There’s no returning from here. Steve’s going to give all he can and he’ll walk out of the Tower unable to feel guilt or regret.
“Carol, now you’re the one being an asshole.” Natasha cleared her throat, then straightened, her face was the portrait of concern. Her voice was soft. Gentle, like talking to a skirmish animal. “How are you, Steve?”
He was exhausted. He wanted to drink himself to sleep and numb the roaring in his chest everytime the memories pressed at the base of his skull. “Carol, just go.”
There was the sound of alcohol being washed down the drain. It was fine. He'd call the front desk and ask them to bring champagne this time.
“Not really,” Steve shakes his head, hands going to his pocket. “I just want to check on you. Make sure you’re really alright.”
He swirled on the wheeled chair and held up the schematics of the suit beside him. It was Mark XLII. The armor was mostly in gold plating and looked like a menace. "This Mark has some design flaws. I’m trying to improve it with dad’s notes."
I wake up and I see you, but I know I’m still dreaming. I’m a fucking mess, Steve. I think I’ll drink again. Soon. It’s bound to happen. You can't carry me out of the burning building this time.
Tony stands still, utterly useless to see the scene unfold. Reed Richards appears and somehow expands, stretches longer and longer until his body is wrapped around Veranke.
Am I seeing things. Maybe. Samson told me that it's likely due to Extremis. It rewrote my body. Enhanced endurance, restorative ability, better motor functions. Processing information at lightning speed. Are you angry. Am I still human, Steve. Was this what you felt when you got the serum and occupied a different body. I suspect that with you, Steve, you're still you deep down to the core. Steve Rogers is what makes Captain America. For me...These days, I'm not too sure. I'm getting too philosophical now. At the core of it, I made my decision with Extremis. It is what it is.
I’m not yours, you’re not mine. I wish a lot of things were different, so I won’t sign off the same way you did. I still have that letter inside my bedside drawer. I catch myself tracing your rushed scrawl. See, Steve, you’re almost perfect. Penmanship could be improved, though.
Bobbi’s face is pale, ashen, and her lips are bloody as is Clint’s face, as if they both suffered an awful beating before the execution.
Steve wiped the streaks on her face, wondering if Peter and Harley were still asleep, if they were alright, if he should ask Pepper to refer them to a therapist or a grief counselor. His mind whirled with all he had to do.
I was scared, Steve. I knew what was going to happen. Us, at war. Chaos. I was preparing myself for it. Face it head on, like the great Baldwin said. I knew I’d lose you. Your friendship. But not like this. I didn’t foresee you dead.
He used to love their brownstone. They’d have breakfast on the terrace, surrounded by large sycamore, but most weekends, they’d take their meals in the rooftop garden, admiring the blooming carnations.
If Steve was here, he might joke about paganism. Instead, Tony huffs, raises his shoulders, tries to shrug.
“Do you want breakfast?” Tony parroted back with a smirk, still just in his t-shirt and boxers. “I’m finally getting somewhere here, Cap. Let me at this for a few more minutes.”
Tony didn’t meet most of what Steve read about. He was lucid, talkative on some days, though lately, he’s been quiet, energy coming in bursts. He still listened to the kids’ days and tales attentively.
“Thanks for organizing this. I really appreciate it.” He hugged Pepper and tried to pass Morgan off to her, but she clung to his neck instead. She refused to be set down.
“I’ll take you home.” Steve pats Tony’s pocket and grabs his wallet. He fishes Tony’s ID to get his address.
“Well,” Steve replies, cataloguing the changes in the Compound’s living room. The hole that was there years ago has been long repaired. The painting Steve hung is still above the fireplace. Cherry trees in bloom. Flowering before the fruits eventually blossomed.
“Look! Mr. Ramirez’s dog just had a litter of pups and she said I could have this one.” Morgan holds the dog up and it wills to sit still, but it barks up at Steve. "He said they're strong herders, so it's gonna be good for our place, right?"
“You did?” Steve turned to Tony, finally meeting his gaze. Only, this time, Tony was staring at Bucky through the partition.
“Well, you’re my teammate, so it’s my business.” He jutted his chin out, irritated. “Please take care of yourself, Tony.”
The last time he asked, one of the wards smirked, nudged another officer, and they all laughed at Tony, eyes dark in victory. “Rotting in hell with the rest of Vegas.”
“It’s gonna be a lot of work, yeah.” He bumped Tony’s shoulder. “Thanks for doing this, Tony. I appreciate it. Not just this,” he looked at the panel, documenting the different buttons, too anxious to meet Tony’s gaze. “I’m grateful for everything else.”
He still had her blood on his shoes and the rancid smell of a New York subway station on his clothes.
I don’t cry anymore. It’s useful to spend energy on something so trite. Nothing will change my condition.
Steve felt around for his pocket, holding the note in Tony’s handwriting, letting it ground him. Peter and Harley stared at him, twin expressions pained. Steve’s eyes stung and he wiped at them. His friends and family had seen him cry over the past year. It wasn’t gonna stop anytime soon.
In answer, Steve thinks he’s got everything he needs now, everything he’s ever wanted. Family, stability, a home full of love. He’s never stopped being the man who desired all those things. Only now, he knows he can have it — he has it — and he’s deserving of it.
“Listen for once in your goddamn life. If you’ll be out there, traveling, doing whatever it is you do, I want you to be safe.”
Harley laughed, ducked Peter’s light punches, then sat beside Steve. He wiggled his fingers eagerly, then stopped once he read the tag on the upper left side of the box.
Steve’s heart beats faster. Tony, Tony, Tony.  He clears his throat, relaxes into his body and wears an unassuming smile. “Does he usually come here?”
He’s not entirely sure what possessed him to talk. Group today was bleak. He wanted to give a little hope.
The workshop is filled with smoke, and his fingers ache from moving the machinery. He can use a drink, but all the bottles have been dumped and he paid off the saloon to cut him off their supply.
Steve understood the challenge. He removed the hand from his cock, pushed his chest and arms down, and fucked himself on Tony’s dick. He moved quickly, using Tony’s dick for his pleasure.
“Someone’s gonna have to use this in the future. I mean, pops, there’s always work to do, you told us that. The world needs heroes. Iron Man,” Harley added, shrugging. He had a screwdriver in his left hand and his fingers were stained. Goddammit, he looked like Tony. “Besides, like I said, we found Morgan here the first time, so—”
Steve’s arms tighten around his waist, gripping enough to bruise. Tony wants the mark there to be there in the morning. A reminder that this fucking, this fucked up away to cope with their relationship falling apart, happened. Tony twists his hips in slow circles until he fully descends on Steve’s dick.
Suspended animation meant slowing life processes for survival. The body’s one last hurrah; an attempt to preserve life form without terminating life itself. But it meant living in the barest, most minimal conditions.
Something is fucked. I think Extremis is off and I’m deleting my brain and I can’t tell the difference between dreams, my fucking fantasies, and memory anymore.
“Ok, then. Room 305.” She eyes them for a beat too long then shrugs, offers the keys, and returns to poke at her phone.
Ordered some fried dumplings and ate standing on the corner of Worth Street. Funny, I stand in that through that intersection and that's the only time my life has some worth. Come on, old pal, let a man like me make jokes. I can picture your disgruntled expression now. An eyebrow slightly tilted up, that line under your left eye. I should stop talking to my old ghosts. You still appear, Steve, a shadow that follows. Extremis tells me that there’s nothing there. It’s just my brain sublimating, conflating my pathways, thoughts, and grief all culminating into this madness of seeing you. What the hell, Steve. I can’t tell you to go. You can’t stay. I’m stuck in this intersection, eating fried potstickers that I used to share with you.
He’d treat Tony better. Steve won’t be like Stone, Stane, and all those vultures who wanted to take away the fire in Tony’s eyes. Tony deserved the world and Steve would make sure he got it.
He parks the car, and has the half-thought to run over and open Tony’s door. But he doesn’t. Instead, he walks into the hotel entrance with Tony a step behind him.
He wasn't drunk enough. He felt for a small bottle on the floor and reached for it. He uncapped it and guzzled it down, almost choking with the way he couldn’t hold his head up. Tony drank another and another, and Carol was screaming and bearing down on him, holding his wrists too hard and prying the bottle away.
It wasn't just this house. He felt at peace with Tony. The light streams from the window making shadows dance from the tree-lined streets. “You gave me a home. Somewhere I belong. I love you for that.”
“Do you want to leave?” It hurts to say the words out loud. “I could turn back, I could—“ he scrubs a hand through his hair. “It’d be another couple of hours.” And Steve knows that at any time, Tony can tap the arc reactor on his chest and leave him here, in the middle of nowhere, with no other company but the howl of the coyotes in the distance. Tony could fly back to the Compound.
Tony thinks Steve is crumbling, too. A fragile little house finally burning. He’s letting the poles and beams fall down.
Steve doesn’t reply, instead, he leads Tony past the boardwalk. They circumvent the group of longboarders and chain smokers. When they get to the sand, Steve bends down to unlace Tony’s sneakers. He looks up to find Tony’s amused expression.
“Hey, pops. We didn’t touch anything...just uh, the armors.” Peter popped up from behind a suit. It was Mark XLVII. Tony worked on a couple years ago, before the recurrence. It was sleek with silver plating and had an advanced laser system. He built the Iron Legion as a precursor measure for any work catastrophe too. Even in death, he's still the hero.
“Watch it, man,” someone laughs beside him. Steve doesn’t care. He pushes off, parting the dancing bodies, interrupting groups of people. He has tunnel vision. Some man is trying to roofie Tony. Steve needs to keep him safe.
He breathes in deeply, feeling satisfied that Tony’s face is on him once again. He’s always chasing after it these days. “Nothing like a home cooked meal?”
Steve wondered whether she wore sunglasses to the meetings so they wouldn’t see her eyes. If they watered. If they were red-rimmed by the end of the session like the most of the attendees.
It was a clear day in April. There was no snow and the lake remained unfrozen, rocking and rocking along the docks in a tease. The sun shone high and bright, a perfect companion to Tony’s request for making the memorial service as a celebration.
It's all country roads without any surprises. Steve prefers the quiet openness of these highways, where there aren't trucks and cars eager to cut him off, or large signs noting another of the same seven fast food chains.
Steve’s confusion might be evident because Riri rolls her eyes and adds, “Not America the country. Miss America? America Chavez?”
can be replaced. They can be dumped and remade. You’ll find one in a similar shape as long as you pay them enough. I know that as Director of SHIELD now. Even I can be replaced. Someone else can pilot the suit. But you? There’s been Captain Americas after you, but they weren’t Iron Man’s friend. My friend. Fuck.
Sometimes Steve is gone all day and comes back late in the evenings. On those nights, Steve pads into the room, strips off his suit and drops the shield without a glance at me.
Somehow it felt like those mornings when Morgan had a nightmare and she’d crawl into their bed asking to be cuddled. Tony would snuggle her and push her hair back as Steve kissed them both, wishing them sweet dreams. Then, in the morning, Tony would roll out of the mattress, bed headed and demanding breakfast.
The elevator doors opened, revealing Natasha and Bucky’s grim faces. They nodded, held the door open, then got in, pressed the close button. He felt breathless as the elevator travelled down.
Steve used to tidy up, complaining about Tony’s disordered mess. Tony used to laugh, sing for Steve, and kiss him until he forgot all about the chaos Tony created with the oil lamp.
Left hand on the steering wheel. Years of driving through the snow has taught him a little bit about control.
“That’s it, baby, just use me,” Steve said, captivated by the way Tony threw his hair back and groaned. “Take what you want.”
Once he makes it out of his room, he finds Natasha lounging in the sitting room. She has both feet up on the conference table, still in her pajamas, looking like she hasn’t slept at all.
“Are you done?” Tony asks, and he’s not crying anymore but his face feels tight and his eyes still sting. Steve isn’t any better. He’s seen this man cry over the years, but now, Steve won’t even give him an inch.
“You too, Bruce.” Steve offers his hand, and he tries not to think about how he should have been faster, should have pulled Tony into his arms.
“Fuck off.” He wanted to scream but his throat was raw from crying, and all he could do was wonder what Ru would think if she was still alive.
He tugs my cock. It’s the body’s natural response to get hard due to stimulus. Sometimes, I think I like this. No, no, I have lines. I’m a character. I love this.
Steve’s nostrils flare and there’s that lovely furrowed brows that twist at the challenge. With his large hands, he pushes Tony back to the bed. “You just wanna get fucked.”
But, Steve, New York is something else. It’s trite, I know, to call it a city like no other. That’s what happens when all of us superheroes decide we want to set roots in this great city. But with SHRA, we’re ensuring that —
The area is lined with an array of pine trees, and there, in the corner of the residential area, are cherry trees, still saplings.
“You’re finally ready to settle down, Mr. Stark?” Steve pressed another kiss, this time, on the bruise forming under Tony’s eye.
"The world loves him, huh?" Samuel nudges him with a sharp elbow. It's too familiar and Steve doesn't know how to react, so he falls on his usual response and offers a smile.
Natasha was curled by the fireplace, fingertips tapping away on her tablet. After all the heckling Bucky’s given her about bringing work during dinner, he has long given up on prying the tablet from her hands.
She’s never called him anything other than Steve all this time, and Steve has never asked to be called anything other than what she’s comfortable with. It has always been,
Steve cried, holding onto Morgan, tight. He’s always been careful with his strength around them, but he wished to God they weren’t in the workshop so he could smash all the suits to take out his resentment.
This is easy. Ask about the weather in the winter and if it’s still unbearable for Tony who’s spent years in California. Ask about new schematics for the suit. Ask about everyone else. Ask and listen before Tony asks, so Steve never has to give him answers he doesn’t have.
He opened the bedroom door with unexplainable dread late because the left side would be empty for the rest of his life. He was so used to Tony’s tossing and turning that he had the fleeting thought to adopt a dog just so there was a regular heartbeat beside him at night. The fact that he’d spend the rest of his life sleeping on the right side of the bed, without Tony, choked him up.
He was rescued him nearly a decade ago, and yet he sits here, smoking a mix of tobacco and hash like he’s still suspended in ice.
“Everything ok?” Steve hedges closer. His hair sticks to his face. Sweat drips from the nape of his neck.
“I want to go to the roof.”  Tony was propped up on the bed. Blue lips. Steve kissed them every morning. And he’d do the same tomorrow.
There’s three knocks on the door. Steve Rogers appears through the window, holding up a small cauldron.
He can smell him for this far: sweat, lemon scented dish soap, and the remnants of dinner. Steve wants to reach out and pry Tony's hands from where they grip at the edge of the table. He always wants to reach out, but he doesn't allow himself.
The bathroom door creaks open, and Tony sidesteps Steve’s position by the window and lifts his blanket up, sliding in without another word. He looks incredibly young. Younger like this: hair wet and soaking the sheets, eyes tired with sleep.
A smile escaped him and he wished he was braver. Because if Steve Rogers had half the courage, or maybe, recklessness of Captain America, he would have clapped Tony on the back. Or maybe, pull him into an embrace. “You’re too good, Tony. This world doesn’t deserve you.”
Tony shrugged, or at least tried to, instead he just grimaced. “I wanted to see your face. Simple as that. I love watching you make us breakfast. Always did.”
“Of course, I’m angry!” Steve bellowed, throwing his fist against the wall. The mirror hanging on the fireplace shook with the force of Steve’s punch. When he removed his hand, there was a hole in the drywall. “I want to fucking scream until I pass out. Carol tells me you’re lying in your own filth, drunk out of your mind, calling for me.”
Natasha squeezed his bicep before opening the cupboard. She poured two fingers of vodka in Tony’s Captain America mug. After all these years, they still had it.
Steve swallows, stilling the hand on the front of his jeans, and forces himself to watch Tony’s blissed out face. The sound of his groans, the dirty things he begs for—
“Fine, let’s get this over with then I’ll take a cat nap.” Tony removed his feet from the coffee table and turned to fully face Steve. His calves were strong, muscular, and hairy.
A hologram screen appeared from the coffee table. Tony stood with a burst of energy, then, he barked orders at JARVIS, mumbling to himself, then glaring at Steve before slapping the screens left and right. He read intently and kept notes with JARVIS help.
“Hey, we won’t bother you for interviews. We’re simple people. Got no time to chase a big shot superhero. All we’re looking for is a mechanic. That’s what you said you are, right? Anyway, fella, can I grab you guys a beer?”
Tony grinned, getting comfortable on the bed with all his naked flesh. He shoved the pillows behind his back and asked JARVIS to bring his hologram screens up. He started working on schematics and Steve kissed Tony stupid just to get his attention back.
“Not sure about that, Cap. I’ve got sin I need to repent for.” Tony rewarded him with a forced grin that seemed misplaced given the dire situation they’re about to run head-first into.
She nods, content watching them. Rumiko is no longer fingering herself. She sits cross-legged and observes Steve with some form of detachment and curiosity. She doesn’t say anything else, and Steve wonders again whether this entire night is for Tony’s or Steve’s sake.
The conversation shifts to Riri’s latest armor upgrades, and when she asks FRIDAY to pull the schematics above the dinner table, Tony jokingly threatens her with a wooden spoon. “Dinner first, work later.”
“Stark, you have a bodyguard at a party, really?” The man, Victor, sneers, then eyes Steve. “Fuck off.”
Steve shrugs, and because he doesn’t know what else to do, he presses the gas and drives past the gate and into the driveway. They reach the entrance of the main building in silence.
No bloodied knuckles needing to be wrapped or bones needing to be set. No shots of adrenaline so they can continue to fight. No organs falling off a teammate’s torso. No children going off to war pretending to be men.
“So, what happened after you found Riri?” Steve presses, shoves food into his mouth so he doesn’t say anything else.
Even when Steve’s angry, he’s still the perfect man. Shaped and living ideals Tony could never measure up to. He's tried. He's trying.
“I was just going to call you for a bath.” Steve cleared his throat and stood. He offered Tony a hand. “Come on, lets get you out of that.”
They kiss, mad and deep, as if they haven’t seen each other in a decade. Nevermind that they had a tumble in the sheets just this morning. After Steve comes inside Tony, he takes Tony into his hand and makes a mess of their shower.
“Do you fancy yourself as a travel journalist now?” She brings the mug to her lips and takes a big gulp. She doesn’t slur, but he wonders how long she’s been up and drinking, if she slept at all. “Are you gonna write stories you’ve collected from everyday people after the Snap?”
“Me? Never. J always keeps me updated on anything important.” Tony gave his ice cream cone little cat licks, eyes steady on Steve.
A flame appears out of nowhere, flying towards the Skrulls, and Sue yells for Johnny, and suddenly disappears.
Tony isn’t the only one losing anything here. Even if it feels like it. He mutters words he can’t remember. All that matters is Steve, pleasing him, making him feel good, whole, and loved. He’s never cared so much about where he’ll be at the end of this fight, but there’s only one thing that haunts his thoughts: the fact that he might lose Steve. Steve, Steve, Steve. Another planet of problems. A universe full of love.
Tony pats Steve’s chest, cradles his face, trying to stop his tears from falling. “I liked it. You’d know that.” It was too good to be true, Tony understands this. “You’d know, if you were him.”
There’s a crust of dried blood on his cracked lips. He doesn’t know how he’s supposed to react, whether Steve shows him this for pity or punishment. But tears pave down his cheekbones, stinging the cuts on his face. He has a full head of hair now. His beard is grown, thick hairs untamed, sticky with spit.
“Ah,” the man chuckles and gives him a mocking salute. He’s not sure if he’s supposed to be insulted. “Thank you so very much for your service.”
“God, they never told me babies poop so much.” Tony snorted, holding up two diapers and waving it around the room. “And, you could barely tell. Babies are just this pudgy mess of limbs and poop.”
Sheriff Red Wolf turns toward the Richards' Farm that’s been sitting empty for the last year, only recently occupied with the return of Richards clan.
Their friends are over one summer afternoon, having a picnic by the lake. Iz brought her carne asada grill and is teaching Bucky how to get the tortillas just right.
He walks out. It’s a full moon, wide and accusatory, too revealing for such an awful night. Steve avoids a few pedestrians and ducks down to the nearest subway station. He waits on the platform, gets into the arriving car, and rides it throughout the night. He doesn’t know which direction it’s going, but the hum of the subway washes over him and he avoids thinking about the taste of Tony’s mouth.
Steve swallows, thinking back to this morning and his run. But he doesn’t know how to say otherwise.
Riri laughs and briefly settles her head on Tony’s shoulder. “You’re funny if you think I’m ever leaving you.”
So Steve stops inquiring and lets his two Starks keep their secrets. It’s alright, he tells himself, because he has his own jokes with Morgan, too. Peter comes over for his fall break and brings Johnny Storm. They stay in the house across the lake while Tony makes unveiled threats about FRIDAY watching the both of them so they don’t get in any trouble.
“So, Barnes, Mexican food. In seventy years, you’ve never had it? You’re missing out, man.” Tony flicked his fingers, urging them all up and out the facility. “Come along, come along.”
Tony’s head is clouding, and he shouts when Steve begins pressing hard on his abdomen, timing it with his thrusts.
Haven’t drank since that one night I spilled. Fuck it, I had to give your shield away. Give more parts of you to everyone else. Let me cope. I wake up everyday feeling drunk, lost, and hung over. Maybe loss does that to a man.
“Come eat,” Steve says, setting the soup to a tray and bringing it to Tony. He pauses. “What’s wrong?”
“You know, with the serum and all, I’m not one for forgetting. Did you plan something without telling me?” Steve turns to his husband and crosses his arms in mock playfulness.
“Yes, I like it. I love it Steve.” I open my eyes because he needs to see me to know this is real. “Steve, Steve, Steve.”
He tunes out the sounds of Tony's slurping and groaning as he eats out Rumiko’s cunt. Steve focuses on the swell of Tony's ass, stroking the back of his thighs, running his free hand up to Tony's shoulder blades. When Steve gets to Tony's nape, he scratches at the place behind his ear and tells himself that the responsive moan is for him. Steve twists the hand fucking Tony, thrusting in deeper. He loses himself in the sensation, dipping down to lick at Tony’s crack. He bites the inside of his mouth, holding back a groan. Steve wishes he could be loud, say all the things that Rumiko is telling Tony. But he can’t. He can’t.
He will never tire of those pale blue eyes. Back in the day, Tony couldn't stand Steve's gaze, especially not when he had stood over Tony's sluggish body, twisting his lips in a grimace when Tony couldn't respond due to his drunk-addled brain.
I should have told you this, but I. I’ve been. Shit, why is this so hard to say even on an email you’ll never read. Fuck. Ok. I’ve been thinking about you. About us. Makes me wanna get high. I drank already, broke that sober streak. Yeah, I’ve fucked up, Steve. I know. I’m this close. This fucking close to flying to 118th Street and buying some coke. I haven’t drank since the last time. I almost hate you for that. Almost. Because thinking about you makes me guilty. Yeah, Steve, guilt. I feel that. Even when you slammed the shield into my helmet — I shouldn’t have gotten used to you defending me in the field with that damned thing — I didn’t hate you.
Steve’s never been a patient man, so he bites the inside of his cheeks and traces the bow of Tony’s lips. He kissed it this morning, last night before bed. He wants their lips to meet now.
“Low blow, bringing dad into this.” Harley sat on the kitchen table and shoved a spoonful of oatmeal into his mouth.
When Steve finished, he sat on the edge of the tub and watched Tony. He pushed Tony's hair back and Tony knew that Steve was always the braver one out of both of them, but he wondered where this impulse to touch came from.
He needs to find Tony. This place doesn’t look too safe, especially with drug-addled beach goers taking off their tops and bottoms, exchanging spit.
Steve pauses, shocked, then the weight of her words finally hit him. He cries and cries, and even though Tony sighs and says,
“He was showing symptoms of tuberculosis this last week,” Reed informs the room. He returns to slicing making a larger incision down its belly, pulling off what looks like intestines. Only, its dark green and black as tar.
She frowns, and it’s only then does Steve realize how tired she looks. There are deep bags under her eyes, and her skin is dry with lack of sleep. She smells like vodka and there’s a heaviness in the set of her shoulders.
Steve thumbed Tony’s wrist, feeling the soft skin. “Anything you want, Tony. I’ll give it to you. Whatever it takes.”
Tony wonders how he got here, to this moment where Steve wears a fond expression but the heaviness of his hands around Tony’s neck means something else.
He’s already in tatters with his own self-flagellation, might as well give Nat the honor to press at the sore spots. He’ll heal just fine.
Steve could be straddling me and telling me that he hates me and that I’m worse than the scum of the earth. He could explain to me with certainty why I’m awful while he chokes me.
He had become so apathetic about his job that he no longer volunteered for missions, choosing instead to leave the facility the minute his shift was over. In his free time, he worked odd PR jobs—whatever Maria Hill penciled into his calendar, like PSA’s or photo-ops at the children’s hospital. He volunteered at an orphanage in Flatbush, shopped at the bodega in his corner, and shoved all his change into the plastic container, tipping the teenage kid who greeted him with a salute.
It felt like he was underwater, trapped under ice again. His neck felt stiff and vision blurry, so much so he couldn’t tell the difference between Scott Lang and Bucky in the corner of the room.
Steve pushed past the agents milling around the medical bay, seething. Tony was reckless. Irresponsible. Fancied himself as a goddamn hero. It raked at Steve’s nerves.
He was remembering, as if his subconscious was excavating memories buried in wreckage. But mostly, his thoughts returned to Steve.
Steve stays by the door, transfixed at the way Tony’s on his hands and knees, shifting back to meet Rumiko’s pace. He has his mouth open, moaning, delighted.
—I’m coming, yes—I’m coming.” Tony pulls hard, like they’re in battle and he wants to throw Steve across the room. His cock twitches and he’s hard again, and he wants to fuck Tony again and again, fill him up with his come, but there’s Rumiko’s voice echoing in his head:
The water, too much water. It’s going down his system, and he’s too full. Ballooning, flying higher and higher as Steve caresses his insides.
Harley found them that way, arms all around each other, eyes red-rimmed. He walked into the living room with an air of defiance that reminded Steve of Tony. He stood on his toes, shifted the tonearm, and played the record.
Steve circles the cut on my jaw, then digs his fingernail into the slit. He sighs. “Good, good. That’s exactly it. Keep it like that, alright?”
“Could you tell me about it?” He asks, throat too dry, wishing he had that glass of beer after all. “The wedding?”
He wanted to shout and punch his jaw and forget that Steve had saved him from a burning building years ago, and yet they were here, in this moment, the wheel kept spinning.
Steve padded to the bathroom, stripped, and turned on the shower. He examined his face in the mirror, index fingers going to black bags under his eyes. At least he shaved two days ago. His eyes were caked with crust and his eyelashes were clumped up from all the crying he did today.
“Do you always ask such difficult questions?” Tony rolls his eyes. He bends to grab his bag, reorganizes the contents, then falls to the wicker chair by the window.
Tony’s hips shuddered and he came with a loud groan. “Oh, Steve. I get to do this for the rest of our lives, baby.” He pulled off, opened Steve’s legs wide, and sucked his cock. Tony fingered his ass, fucking his come back inside.
He suspected Carol gave him the room number. If he hadn't answered, Steve would have broken down the door.
“Just for a little while, sorry, I didn’t say. I didn’t want to disturb your sleep,” Steve explained. He eyed Tony up and down, head tilting. “Going somewhere?”
Steve wished they still had the one Tony picked out last year. But by late January, the tree dried and waned, drooping like a sad reminder that the holidays had passed.
Sometimes his head spins so much when he turns on the TV and sees an attack in New York. Sometimes he finds himself holding still, waiting for the fractures to further crack. He can’t help it. Steve’s always nervous, and even though Sam has the shield, there are days he putters around the workshop, unable to summon up the words to ask to Tony to make him something.
“No, no, god, you can’t leave things alone, can’t you,” Tony’s voice raises an octave higher, and he’s sitting up, forward, all the forced casualness from earlier slipping between them as the words come out: “You don’t get it. They’re mine. Us. Back home. We’ve made a life for ourselves. After everything. Without you. Without you. You hear that? Without you. I’m not saying this to hurt you. I’m really not, but remember that you left. You. You weren’t there. It was —”
“Okay,” Steve starts. He drops his gaze to his watch. It’s past one, but the party's still going hard. There’s a group of people milling around the streets, smoking and stomping on their cigarette butts. “Do you have a ride home?”
Steve raises a hand, slow, like he’s afraid Tony thinks he’ll punch him and duck out. Tony stands his ground. He knows how Steve looks when he’s about to lean in for a kiss. Smiling, always, like kissing is the best thing, and because he has said over and over, between their lips meeting again and again,
The cook is speaking from the circular windows on the kitchen’s double doors. The barkeep raises an eyebrow, and Steve shakes his head. No need for more alcohol.
He wants to stand. He wants to stop lying, broken on the floor. He wants the smell of ammonia to stop filling his lungs with each inhale.
“That’s relative, I think.” Tony twists, grabbing two airplane bottles of whiskey from his front pocket. “You want one?”
Someone was talking, introducing a new attendee, asking them about their week. It was polite and not at all what Steve wanted. He wanted to jump out of a building and have his body burnt. If there was a God, maybe he’d see Tony. If heaven didn’t exist and there was only hell, and shit, he’d probably end up there, he hoped Tony would welcome him with open arms.
Home is something that keeps people warm, especially when they’re at war and too busy getting their heads blown off, limbs chopped off, forced into camps and tortured, kept as prisoners of war.
“Right,” Steve says, throat suddenly parched, recalling how he took a bus into the nearest town, boarded the Amtrak, and left the country just days before Thor and the rest of the Asgardian refugees were sent off to the new territory Tony secured for them.
Tony sighs, sets the menu down then folds his arms. “Just because I’m a recovering alcoholic doesn’t mean I’m suddenly going to lose my shit because you’re drinking in front of me. I’ve been to hundreds of galas and events for Stark Industries since giving up the bottle and I haven’t reached for it again.” He looks back at Steve, picks up the paperweight menu, hides behind it, muttering, “I’ve been tempted, though.”
“I would have blinded him, but he’s Hawkeye for a reason, so I settled on taking his arms,” Steve explains, voice unaffected, like seeing their friends’ cruel death is normal. “I started with a finger as a warning, but you know him, he doesn’t listen.”
“She’s been giving my men grief. Screaming in her cell. I’m surprised she hasn’t worn off her vocal chords.  Won’t stop biting,” Steve laughs, shakes his head. “She’d be a good Avenger. Has a lot of potential. Now only if she stop trying to make a bow and arrow out of what she can scavenge.”
Chop chop chop, then Tony’s turning and he’s got a Spider-Man apron on and his quips with Riri and Kate are lightning quick.
Tony, eager to please Steve, nodded. It was so beautiful to see Tony on his knees, pleasuring Steve, just because he wanted to—because he could. A feeling of gratefulness erupted in his chest and he toussels Tony’s hair, once again stunned that this was his life.
It was Christmas again. How many Christmases did he spend without Tony, when they were both out of touch with each other, living their own lives apart across many states? When Steve was under ice? How long did they spend apart when Steve was in DC and Tony was flying back and forth between Malibu and Manhattan?
I get on my hands and knees, spread my legs, and tell him that I love the way he fills me up and yes, I can take it harder. Of course, I can. Please, more, harder. This is something I am used to.
He couldn’t look at Steve. Not after Tony followed him in Asgard and Steve pushed him off. Not after Steve walked away, spat on his face, and told him,
Tony would rather not leave the hotel, but he would if that was the only choice. He was going to get up, button his trousers and find shoes. They had to be here, somewhere. He’d go down the block and find a liquor store and buy as much as he could carry.
“Yes, you feel amazing, Tony.” Steve whispers, sucking on the space under his ear. He brings a hand up and spits, twice, then wraps a hand around both of their dicks. Steve fists them both. There’s not enough spit, but it’s alright. He leans back, catching Tony’s face. He’s breathing heavily. He must be enjoying himself. Yes, good, Steve wants Tony to have a good time.
“Okay, okay.” Steve nodded, forcing his throat to work. “Alright, whatever it takes, Tony. We’ll face it together.”
Rumiko is groaning and there's the sound of him fucking Tony open. It's too much. Steve wraps an arm around Tony, a mimicry of what Rumiko did earlier. He wants to rewrite the whole night. Lie to himself, ignore the voice in his head telling him that he's only here because she requested it. Allowed it.
He nodded, watching how Steve’s fingers twisted the button and pulled the zipper down. The sound echoed in the quiet of the room.
But he’s a weak man. He took the final bite from the icecream cone, lips sticky, then turned to Tony.
“Well, any time you bring up dad, you’re bound to win an argument.” Peter set the messenger bag to the empty seat—Tony’s seat—and grabbed a sliced apple.
, you’re huge. Fuck—fuck—” Tony’s hands reach for him. Steve doesn’t know what he wants and he can’t ask, so Steve lies to himself, tells himself that Tony wants to feel his face, wants to crash their mouths together.
Anything else was said behind closed doors. In Steve’s deadpan. In his eye rolls that were softened with a small tilt of his lips. In the safety of Steve’s old apartment that Tony paid for so no new tenant would claim his belongings. In the quiet of the night.
The pillows didn’t prop right on the headboard and it got too cold at night. The feeling of the coolness on his back reminded him that he was alone. The empty space on the left side of the bed stared at him in accusation.
“You know I do,” Tony throws a hand over his eyes. He can’t look at Steve. He’s close to breaking apart. This is worse than the Mansion. Steve’s on him again, hands all over him, but this time, it’s softer. It hurts just as much.
Deep into the winter, their lake freezes over. Tony asks FRIDAY to scan their property to check the ice, and no, not because he doesn’t trust Steve with an ice pick, but he wants to get it done and keep Steve in bed that morning. His hair is messy from sleep, going up in all directions. He tangles his legs with Steve's own and flips them over so Steve remains on his back. Well. Who is he to refuse? His hands circle Tony's waist and they spend hours exploring each other’s bodies.
“I haven’t moved on,” Peter said, pushing past Natasha’s hold before standing over where Steve and Harley sat on the floor.
He untangles himself from Tony’s arms, sits up, and observes the blush down Tony’s torso, his softening cock. His hole leaks with Steve’s come.
Steve was suspended in animation for seventy years but this was the first time he understood the notion of slow death. Day by day, a little part of him vanished.
Steve moaned at the thought, slicking Tony’s cock with more spit. He spread it on the shaft and head, twisting his hand just right so Tony was moaning and thrusting up.
Tony is stretched open and the pressure swallows him. Tears hit his lips. “No, I have to pee. The water. You. Pee. I.”
There's a desk shaped like a semi-circle with teen magazines, several books, and bows and arrows. Across from it hangs a dart board with newspaper clippings of Thanos pinned to the bullseye. Beside it lies another desk, but it’s made of a sleek material, much like Tony’s own. There’s a version of the armor’s gauntlet, except it’s slimmer and the colors are pitch black with a splash of bright pink.
“Sounds delicious,” Steve says, pausing before adding, “I had some in Satara. It was too spicy for me. I swear, the waitress said I was red in the face."
He licks Tony’s lips. Doesn’t nibble on it until it’s bleeding and battered. He kisses it soft. Same goes for Tony’s sternum, the space beside his ear.
“Years.” Tony’s eyes stay on him. Not a glare. Confusion, maybe. “And now, you what, come here, say you’ll need a place to stay for a few nights and leave. You do see what that looks like, right?”
Steve shook his head, running a large finger over Peter’s cheek. “Yeah, but I can already tell he has your eyes. He’s yours.”
“I was just told I have a brain tumor, Steve. I’m not okay. Fuck, my head is killing me, literally.” Tony grimaced and scooted further down the hospital-issued pillows. “Fucking fuck. They better get this shit out of my head.”
Steve would have to start his day soon. Maybe, he could get a run in. Lately, it’s been harder and harder to get the motivation to leave the bed.
“It’s time for training, anyway,” Natasha adds, gesturing for Riri and Kate to follow her. “Let’s go.”
For the first time in years, Steve stares into Tony’s eyes. It’s just the two of them. No more pretense of civility for the sake of what’s left of their friends.
He lifts his hips, getting more comfortable, and Tony’s eyes catch the glimmer of the Colt revolver with a ten-inch barrel. Stark made. But only for Steve Rogers.
Steve raised one hand, beckoning his children over. They stood beside him as Steve set the bouquet to the lake. The jasmines and peace lilies shone vividly against the waters. It pulled away, sliding away until it was just a dot in the distance.
I shiver when his large hands make their way down my nape. He pulls me closer until I feel his cock against the back of my throat. He doesn’t fuck my face, not yet.
He looked at his kids, seeing Tony in them, and vowed to hold on to the last thread that gave him hope.
Carol waves off people’s concern, pulling Rhodes for a peck. “It’s a miracle! This is James Rhodes, through and through, I’d know my husband.”
Peter shook his head, lips turning into a frown. He copied Steve’s pose and dropped his chin to his hand. “No, that’s alright. I look at you, and I see you without him and I think of him and how wrong it is that he isn’t by your side. You two were always together, never an inch apart. Never. Dad, pops... it’s...” Peter swallowed, looked away, then heaved a deep sigh. “I don’t know. Sometimes I think, why us, why my family, why my dad.”
“And yet.” Tony raises a calloused finger and pulls the sunglasses over his face, ending their conversation with a tone of finality.
“THOR, what did I say about your landing? You’re going to mess up our garden!” Tony stands and gestures to the patch of land that’s been scathed.
"Better than that flophouse in Bowery, huh, Cap?" He tried to lift his lips into a semblance of a smirk. But grimaced instead, head pounding.
“But we’ve done so much good these last few months. Life’s alright. Shit.” Tony wiped his forehead, laughing. “What I’m trying to say—what I mean—you’re a good friend. One of my best friends, really. You’re important to me. But I’m a selfish bastard and I always want more. Not saying I’m not satisfied with what we have. You're wonderful. Amazing. I’m happy with that, really. But uh, I can’t deny that I want more. So, if you’re interested. It’s there. I’m offering.”
Steve pushes Tony’s sweat-soaked hair back and kisses his temple. He’d rather suffer a cruel death than leave.
It was just a two minute video, yet Tony’s life spun across the axis. Steve watched Tony’s expression turn from nonchalance to confusion and hurt. Finally, as Maria’s face came on screen, it settled into rage. Tony stood quietly, wiped his hands over his jeans, then grabbed the whiskey bottle and began drinking. Steve watched his hands shake on the bottle.
. Steve wants to be able to do that, wants to verbally communicate how pleased he is with Tony's body taking him so well, wants to declare that he's so happy to be in this moment.
“Yes.” He settles his hands against the tables, watches them shake against the cutlery and plate. His throat is tight, and his appetite is gone, but he knows he’ll force the food down because he needs the calories to keep on living.
Steve stares, unsure how to proceed, because this is Tony’s lover giving him permission to have Tony’s ass. But he understands the unnamed stipulation: it’s just once.
“I’m not angry,” Tony replies, shortly. His sunglasses are still on, and Steve wishes he could see his eyes even if they’re flashing or narrowed. He smirks, and it’s a barely there movement.
“Rhodes, it’s fine. I’ll do that, don’t worry. I’ll clean up, thanks. Could you just—” he gestured at Morgan, sniffing. Steve turned to her, cataloguing all ways she looked like Tony. “Go get your brothers excited, we’ll open the presents soon.”
The evidence is all over the surface of his body, reconstituted cell by cell so that there's no longer a history of his original form.
The last time he saw Tony was during a SHIELD debrief six months ago. Iron Man was called in to assist with a mission in the Southwest. It was sort of jarring for Steve to see Iron Man in battle again, flying in the air, the blue of the sky a stark contrast with the red and gold of the suit. The vivid colors were made brighter by the sun, looking hard and untouchable.
“Come on, Stevie, we wouldn’t have ambushed you if we didn’t check in with Tony first.” Bucky knocks their shoulders and twists the knob to pull the window down. They’re hit by the fresh autumn air.
Sue dismisses the town folk. Some loiter the premise, whispering as Rhodes’ green body decomposes under the scorching summer sun. Peter Parker looms above the body of the other Skrull who wore his uncle’s face. He’s crying on Johnny Storm’s shoulders.
He blinked, whipping his head back to Tony’s eyes. He didn’t even know he was staring at Tony’s lips. He could watch the man talk for hours and not hear anything he said.
Tony snored, moving around in his sleep. Steve’s always been a selfish man. Captain America would sacrifice his life for what was right, but Steve Rogers would risk losing a limb to hold Tony in his arms. He shifted forward gingerly, putting an arm around Tony’s shoulder and pressing in closer to the bed.
It starts quiet. A few scant drops that turn to a loud hiss, and he's pissing all the water Steve forced him to drink. He’s frozen in shock, but Steve kisses him as he trembles in agony.
He looked at the cabinet. Tony’s gin and bourbon remained untouched. Steve stared at it some evenings and if the light was just right, he could see Tony’s fingerprints. He wasn’t going to cry, not when there’s company.
Tony plops down on the right side and dumps his bags to the floor. He strips off his jacket, then his shoes follow.
On the days the tabby cat didn’t swing by, Steve wondered how the cat fared off, did it get enough food, were they still alive?
He’s being pulled up into Steve’s arms, and Tony’s body follows because it knows Steve, it knows what Steve wants, it knows what to do next. They’re kissing again, scrubbing at the nape of each other’s neck. Tony kisses him with worrying demand because if this is the last time, he might as well be greedy. Steve’s pulling off, both hands on the hem of Tony’s t-shirt, then urging him to put his hands up. Shirt gone, Tony toes off his shoes, unbuttons his pants, kicking it off with his boxers.
He laces his boots and stands up, knowing that his cock tastes like Tony. He puts his jacket on, knowing the way Tony kisses his lovers. There’s nothing left. No more clothes to put on. No more stalling.
“You know, these last couple of years, it seems like I’ve been everywhere and nowhere at once.” He crosses his arms and takes in the lines on her face. She’s thinner now, but he has no doubt she could easily punch his throat and kick him until he’s down on the floor. Steve sighs. “Some people move on. Three years ago, I didn’t think we’d lose, but now, I’ve had the time to turn over the events, again and again. We weren’t prepared. We were fragmented. We weren’t a team.”
The last time he’d been this close to Steve, they’d been at each other's throats. Tony remembered that now.
“Thanks,” Tony spins on the chair to fully face Steve. He puts a hand on his leg, then chin to hand. “You don’t seem like the type to be here.”
He jumps up and runs out the workshop, with It behind him. He doesn’t have time to put on the armor because the screaming and crying from the townsquare continues.
Steve holds his gaze for a moment too long, then he grabs the damned yellow toothbrush, puts the toothpaste on it, and brushes his teeth. Tony mimics him and they look at each other in the mirror. It’s horribly domestic and this feeling of rightness grows in his chest, waging a war between his firm belief that he’s lost Steve, and this stupid, pitiful beam of hope, that perhaps they might talk and compromise. Perhaps, it might get better.
“You’ll always be my Cap. Now, control yourself, Rogers! We have guests around,” Tony says cheekily, rubbing up against Steve before turning back to point at Sam and Bucky bickering by the barbeque pit.
It’s a self-proclaimed hotel, but it’s more like a home converted. The foyer has wooden floors, and a modest chandler. Behind the desk is a young woman with bangs cut two inches too short.
Tony chokes down the groan. It’s just neurons firing across his body, forcing him to respond. The pleasure. It's just brain activity. Sections of his cerebellum processing the movements, the stroking inside him, reducing the feelings of fear and dread, stopping the humiliation and deep-seated despair for a brief moment in time.
“Well, you look good with it discarded.” Steve bent down to kiss Tony’ chest, then grabbed Tony’s cock. He set a slow pace with loose fists, watching the pleasure on Tony’s face.
Others questioned the returnees, eyed them with distrust. Talked about them in hushed tone in the saloons.
With fixed determination, Steve is standing, putting one foot after the other to pull the curtains open.
That’s how Tony loved: loud, violent, and desperate. He loved Steve, and Tony was filled with shame because even now, he couldn’t reason with himself to stop.
“Steve.” Tony’s gaze lingers on him before he tears it away. He picks up the wrench, spins it, then sets it back now. He keeps his focus on the table, whispering, “Are you serious?”
Steve waits until Tony’s ready before taking his first bite. Flavor explodes in his tongue. “’S good.”
“Why?” Steve turned to him, stepping closer. He wanted to put his hand on Tony’s shoulder, so he did. “It’s true. You’re a good man.”
All in all, Steve lived a pretty quiet life despite the public scrutiny as Captain America. No one paid Steve Rogers any mind if he was out of the suit and cowl. He sort of learned how to avoid the press after missions and found an acceptable time he had to stay at SHIELD functions before he could leave.
“It’s okay, it’s alright, son. I understand.” Steve ruffled his hair, willing his face to stay still, to not crumble. He didn’t succeed. He bit the inside of his cheeks, drawing blood. “You’re welcome, kid. From both of us.”
“You’re welcome.” Steve shuffles his feet, lost. The music's too loud and it smells like sweat from the barracks. The double doors are open, but there’s no breeze to alleviate the heaviness of the smoke. “I was just passing through.”
He swallows, wiping at his eyes. It’s just sweat. He’s overwhelmed; it’s a natural reaction. Eyes closed, Steve trails a kiss from Tony’s mouth to his sternum, licking where the RT used to be.
He dropped his face on Steve’s chest, too afraid to see what Steve looked like, too afraid to show Steve what a mess he was.
Steve walks the streets, keeping an ear out for house parties that Tony Stark is reported to attend. Just when he thought it would be another useless night, he wanders down the street and a man offers him some weed and a pack of smokes. “Looks like you could use it.”
“I can’t go, Steve. I have responsibilities here.” Tony gestures to the workshop, and Steve knows what he means is bigger than the width of this room. They need Tony here, in case there’s a miracle, and they somehow find a way to reverse the Decimation. There’s Riri and Kate who will miss him. Bruce and Nat and the rest of the world.
“Well it is your birthday. As your husband, it’s my duty to throw you a party because I’m thoughtful like that.”
She was spitfire with pitch black hair, like the somber mood of these meetings. “I hate that I do that. That I’m an asshole to someone else just because I’m hurting. I don’t know how to stop.” She nodded, setting the group to move on.
His man was so strong, not just in the face of an alien or a villain, but when they encountered adversity, Steve always looked to Tony for guidance.
“Understatement of the century.” Natasha said, wryly, pushing Tony’s head back to disinfect the cut on his face.
“We’ll never be normal.” Peter shrugged, took another apple slice, and headed down stairs. “Come on, we’ll be late.”
“No, you’re not. You pretend you are—you give information but only so people stop bothering you. But you’re here, doing this for Bucky, even when you have all the reason not to. You're a good man, Tony Stark.” Steve shook his head, fond. “Look at you. You’re taking care of us. You do that, you know. For all the times you say I’m a mother hen, it’s actually you.”
Steve groaned, twisting his head to kiss Tony’s forehead. With renewed effort, he pumped Tony’s dick in a quick pace, taking his large hands to jerk him from the root of his shaft to his cockhead.
It’s only when he’s standing behind Tony does he realize that he’s walked over. “I,” Steve tries, not knowing what to say. “I don’t know.”
“What lie do you want this time?” He sighed, annoyed. He wanted her out and gone so he could go back to the scene.
When the silence gets too much and the music no longer offers any comfort, Tony drops a set of bills, too much to cover their dinner, and stands.
He is used to the heaviness in his chest now, and perhaps, the weight is a permanent marker, like every death he’s seen in the war in his own time, and then, in the wars he’s waged after waking up.
“Well, you almost made me into a widower, I think Pepper’s giving me a pass for life.” Steve stared at him, swallowing hard. His eyes stung, and he shut them, letting a single tear fall.
“For anyone else, yeah. That’s right. Mine, mine, mine.” Tony wrapped a leg over Steve’s waist and kicked lightly. “Now do your job and fuck me good. Like it’s your goddamn job, Cap.”
He matched Pepper’s stance. “The machine is supposed to help process trauma. That's what I'm doing. You can't fight me on that, Pepper.”
