Here, the silence was different. He didn’t mind it. Without the rattle of trains and the jabber of humanity and the pounding of their footsteps, with only the rustle of the leaves and nothing else, with nowhere he was supposed to be and nothing he was supposed to do, the silence didn’t hurt to hear.
“Did, uh… so, the thing, the personal thing Cas told you? Did you… was it the thing about how he likes to date?”
“Today was never supposed to be photo opportunities and time to talk, just the performances and the announcement of the winner. I’ll be speaking to them all individually and giving them as much time as I can before the show in a couple of weeks. A private meet and greet.”
The first guitar strains played and the crowd clapped politely. The song was an old one and Dean didn’t expect it to get a lot of response, but hearing the familiar slow riff calmed his heartbeat, settled him on the stage.
A dead white tree in the green-gold forest, thought Castiel. Not quite the same, but a part of each other.
“Well, next time try texting me that you’re sleeping in a different room, instead of just telling me you’re back at the hotel,” Charlie said. The relief was still coming off her in palpable waves. “You know I promised to give you more space this weekend, and I left you alone all last night, but it was on the understanding that you’d text me updates, and…” She paused, her eyes narrowing at Dean. “You aren’t listening right now, are you.”
A big, warm hand was taking his own, and another hand was under his elbow, gently encouraging him to move back.
Castiel. Dean rolled his eyes even thinking about him as he unravelled the first string of lights. The guy just always had to one-up Dean. At Easter, it was a big colourful egg display in his front yard. At Halloween, it was spiderwebs strewn through his shrubbery and an automated skeleton that laughed and waved. And at Christmas, it was always the most impressive tree standing proudly in his big front window.
“Doesn’t stop them trying to catch him through the windows of his home, or a restaurant, or anywhere else he goes after a concert,” Donna said seriously. “Nowadays, he’s got some doubles that he sends off in different directions at the same time he leaves a venue, so that those clowns will follow them instead. You can’t fathom people, can you? He’s just trying to get on with his life.”
The song that Dean sings is a real one! Steve Earle's Someday. I've wanted to use it in a fic since Forever - when I first watched spn, I heard what make Dean's car was and thought "oh, like that song Someday". And it's FINALLY MY TIMEEEEEEE.
“That sounds dangerous,” she said. “There’s your usual room prepared for you, like Dean asked. Shall we? I’m guessing you wouldn’t mind sleeping off the… Bombs.”
The group erupted into a round of wordless appreciation at the memory of the night of free revelry, and the rest of Dean’s sentence was drowned out. Castiel exhaled, slowly, as the attention dipped away from him. Gordon began regaling them with a story about a man in a tiger costume who had appeared after the two of them had left; once everyone seemed distracted, Castiel made eye contact with Dean across the car.
“Okay, hold on, Mr Optimistic,” Charlie said. “How would you even know what’s gonna last and what’s not? Who are you, Shawn Spencer? Actually, maybe, because literally that guy’s whole thing is that he says he’s psychic and he’s not. And neither are you. You don’t know what’s going on in Castiel’s mind, do you?”
Dean leaned down, and kissed him. Castiel chased the taste of his mouth, hands running lines across Dean’s bare upper torso – and then Dean pulled back, and got off the sofa.
“My - my arm - I need a doctor,” said the figure on the floor. “Please, I - who are you? Are you helping, or…?”
The papers were out there. All of Corelia was waking up to the news that their Crown Prince had married his best friend while drunk in Las Vegas. Castiel had made a laughing stock of Dean and his whole family. His whole country, too, once the news spread internationally, which it would. And it was done, no way to erase it. Running for Charlie now was pointless, like trying to sellotape the bag shut when the cat was already out of it.
But Castiel thought of newspapers and the Queen and a country full of people, and he did not turn his head. He did not move. The morning sighed into afternoon and Dean and Lisa didn’t leave to go and fall in love, weren’t coy or sweet with each other so much as once – the four of them only talked and laughed, came together and then split back into twos. And throughout it, Castiel and Dean never touched – only sat together, as the moments slipped out from under them and away with the darkening of the sky.
It was going to be like this forever, the unending push and hurry and desperation of a fear and pain that didn’t know how to stop. There was nothing that could end it, not now, not ever. Hope was useless here. Hope only made it hurt more. Hope was a upward-pointed knife to fall on in the dark.
“And,” Cas said, “he also wrote some wonderful poetry about hating his friends because he was annoyed with them.” He smiled, his face lit up blue and green by the sparkling fairy lights overhead. “It was the equivalent of someone making a Facebook post today where they just publicly drag their friends’ names through the mud. It’s... the first century BC version of ‘hey, I heard what you said about me and I’m going to fuck you up’.”
Not fragmented. Not faraway. Not a problem that could be set aside, not a place that stopped existing when Castiel wasn’t around to police it. The Underlight and its inhabitants were always there, always hurting, always losing at a game they’d never wanted to play.
They probably didn’t have feelings for Cas, then, Dean thought. Not if they were this supportive of Dean’s apparently very public attempt at flirting, which he’d somehow in the moment thought would be going unnoticed by everyone but Cas.
“Well, I’ll… see you round the front, then,” Dean said, and Cas nodded. Dean backed away, keeping his eyes on Cas, who kept his eyes on Dean until the door between them swung shut.
Okay, look, maybe you think you’re going to be able to tempt Sarah into staying with you by painting images of splitting logs topless in the middle of a forest -”
The ride to the lake was mostly silent. Castiel wanted to stare out of the window, but had somehow managed to find himself sitting in the middle seat between Lisa and Dean while Charlie sat opposite them, so tried to seem natural while looking down at his own hands and thinking about the lawyers and whether the annulment papers were going to come through in time for the wedding the next day. So far all he’d had was an automated response that the firm had received his email and would reply as soon as possible.
He tried to imagine opening the door to his apartment one day and finding a bunch of paparazzi in his stairwell, snapping pictures of him as he left for work. Following him to the garage and taking photos of him and the other mechanics in their dumb orange overalls. Filling up pages of crappy sites with the news that he’d eaten another cheap sandwich for lunch or - shockingly - had stopped for a coffee. It felt stupid, but not horrible.
“For a second there, honestly,” he said gruffly, “so did I. Thought I must’ve done it by mistake, said your full name to him or… something. Jesus. Another scare like that and I won’t live to see my next birthday. Are you, uh. I’m sorry that you…”
Castiel, who had been making himself and Dean some coffee in his kitchen, leaned over to kiss Dean’s cheek before heading down the hallway to retrieve it. He had two empty coffee mugs still in his hands, which he only noticed when he reached his front door and realised he had no spare hand to pick up the post with. He hooked the fingers of one hand through the handles of both mugs – one that said
“I mean, I guess it’s gonna come pretty out of left field for him. It’s not like pop is usually even my thing, let alone, like… singing it… on a stage in front of fourteen thousand people, or however many it’s gonna be. And the news articles, and the Twitter thing, and all of it.”
Castiel frowned. He turned his attention inward. And there, immediately – there it was. The place in his heart that hurt. Sharp and new and dark. He hissed through his teeth as he felt it. It wasn’t the overwhelming dark and burn of the revenant’s touch, but it was just a part of it. Enough to make his bones feel cold on the inside. He shivered.
“Donna,” Dean heard Cas say in the makeup room as he walked down the brightly-lit corridor, “could we just have a moment?”
He was going to unpack his things. It wasn’t as though there were many of them, so they could easily be packed up again once he’d worked out a way to get out of here that didn’t involve total humiliation. And the revenant wasn’t getting back inside, anyway, with the wards up. And he was going to set up his WiFi router, and he was going to send Gabriel a picture of his unpacked boxes. His new home. Even if it didn’t last until the evening, he was going to have a moment of triumph.
He read over the message from his brother, chewed pensively for a few seconds, and then fired off a quick affirmative reply. He scrolled a little way up their message chain, reading over what they’d said to each other over the past few weeks: boring, functional texts, just arrangements and logistics. Nothing deeper than
Castiel narrowed the eyes in question, but then flicked his gaze back and forth behind his eye-tech, selecting the scan option and searching for elevated heart rates in the Underlight. He watched the cityscape go dark around him, orange lights starting to pulse in his vision as the scanners picked up on hearts beating nearby. All looking normal, except -
“Nice try, Hunter,” the Angel said. “But Wings are for Angels.” He tapped his fingers on the silver metal plate on on one side of his head - it flashed to life in a streak of pale colours along its length - and in a beam of white light from above, he was gone. Delivered instantly to his destination - wherever that might be - by Wings, the quick-travel that was only available to the city’s guardians.
“Don't apologise, dude. There is literally no need.” Dean smiled at him, hoping his warmth and sincerity was coming across. “I am now equipped to go out there and not kill babies.”
This time, the silence rang. Castiel found himself staring at his plate, his mouth working for words, trying to understand the question. Why would Claire be asking about him when they had been talking about the wedding? He’d never spoken to anyone at Saint Crispin’s about his feelings for Dean. Were they really so obvious that Claire had been able to pick up on them, just from when he and Dean had come together to the orphanage? It seemed like it.
He sat and stared at his phone, his knees bouncing, his thumb scrolling the screen down uselessly to see a new message that hadn’t arrived. His heart was loud in his ears; the little office’s humming strip light was too bright and kind of wavy, and suddenly that sandwich wasn’t sitting so well inside him. He could feel himself starting to sweat. He hoped Bobby wouldn’t walk in, or any of the others who worked at the garage, because he didn’t want to have to explain any of this to any of them.
“It’s got a pretty nice view,” Dean said. “You can see right down the street to the river. It’s nice when the sun’s setting.”
On the front porch of his home, in front of his family, Castiel looked down at the man he loved and he said,
The smell of dust blanketed him as he walked in. Every surface he could see - the spindly table by the door, the face of the big clock, the bannister by the stairs - was thick with it. Castiel sniffed in disapproval, and then regretted it.
“Let me buy you a drink,” Dean said, when the song ended and they hopped back into their bar stools. Cas, breathless, his forehead shining, nodded and asked the bartender for a mojito.
Dean frowned, but it was the frown Castiel knew so well, the one where Dean was touched and didn’t know what to say. His head dropped a little lower, and Castiel leaned forward, and pressed their foreheads together.
“What?” he demanded, of an empty bathroom. He took a second to look around it, confused – and then the knocking came again but from his left, and he saw another door. The one to the outside world, rather than the bathroom. Castiel gritted his teeth, reached out for the golden swirled metal handle, and swung it open.
“She’s running sweeter than the coffee.” Bobby nodded his head, looking satisfied. He shoved his hands into the orange pockets of his overalls. Around them, there was the hammer and buzz of the other mechanics at work.
“Great. Awesome. OK, I’m gonna go make sure this video gets uploaded. You two rehearse. I’ll be back in an hour to see how you’re sounding. No talking,” she said sternly. “I’ll know if you’re not singing. Donna, honey?”
Dean let out a sigh. He’d come to a stop to let Charlie root briefly through his new belongings, and now he took a morose slurp of milkshake.
Dean could feel Castiel’s eyes on him, but he didn’t meet them. He’d thought he’d reached the peak of embarrassment in his life fifteen minutes earlier when he’d been caught with the remote control, but it turned out there were new depths of awkward to explore.
Cas let the final note rise, fly, and then fall. The guitar faded gently away, leaving only silence. As one, immediately, the group were on their feet; Anna was first to stand, whistling and clapping, her eyes looking shiny. Everyone seemed to know what was going on; only Dean appeared to be confused, last one out of his chair, his clapping off-beat with everyone else’s.
“Do you know where we’re going?” Castiel asked him. They were headed into the trees, away from the direction of the sea-breeze that sometimes rattled at Castiel’s window-panes. Dean had walked off into the woods with so much assurance that Castiel hadn’t thought to ask straight away.
Castiel’s twisting skewered heart went numb, completely numb. He looked down, away. He stepped back, pulling himself out of Dean’s arms.
The way Cas had held his look, just then! God, it was completely undeniable, and Dean was so goddamn happy that he couldn’t stop goddamn smiling, even though he now had to go and sing on a stage - a cappella no less - for an audition to take part in a show he didn’t even
It’s easy to see Dean’s mind working, trying to piece everything together. He’s probably thinking demons, and deals, and treachery, all the things that they’ve been through before. Castiel doesn’t know how to explain to him that he’s wrong without telling him the whole truth. And he can’t tell the whole truth.
“You don’t know what I can do,” Castiel said, indignation starting to edge his tone. “I used to go camping all the time.”
“Thank you.” Cas stepped into the car. Once he was inside, before Dean could close the door, Cas looked up at him and said, “Do you have snacks at your place? I’m hungry.”
at kissing - and then Dean stopped thinking about where he was and what was happening around them altogether when the guy carefully opened his mouth just a little, and Dean felt the guy’s tongue brush ever so lightly against his lower lip.
A drop of wetness at Dean’s tip beaded and then slid down his shaft. Castiel watched its progress, and then moved forward, and used his tongue to draw it into his mouth and taste it.
Quite suddenly, he felt convinced that if he could only make some kind of sound – could speak, say something normal or silly or not-scary, something that a person being chased by a monster would never say, then he could make it all go away. Like the gentle
“No,” Dean said distractedly. “Wait, wait, can we – can we go back to the part – the ‘how I felt’ part?”
“He’s realised you’re not worth it?” Charlie said, and now her voice sounded less reassuring and more snappish. “No, hold on. Okay. That’s a lie."
It took a frantic moment of staring around the room to remember where he was. The beams, the window to the balcony… the wards.
When they were together, and when they were several thousand miles apart, too. It was there. Never any quieter or gentler, not even from far away. It always touched the same place in Castiel’s grace that it had done from the start. And the feeling of it was just the same, too, like being doused in oil and dropped into flames that reached and hoped and hungered.
And Dean didn’t want it to be. He spent the whole of the rest of the day thinking about how much he didn't want that.
Poison Bombs, Castiel noted. Those offensively green lime drinks had apparently been named appropriately.
So, he reflected with a surprisingly deep pit in his stomach, that hadn’t worked. He should’ve stuck with the leather jacket and aviators thing. Well. At least no one but some college nerds had been around to see.
Dean wondered how Cas had got to hear about it, when last night he hadn’t seemed to be much of a Castiel fan. He’d enjoyed Dean’s detailed deconstruction of Castiel’s musical flaws, or it had seemed that way at the time. So how had he managed to get himself on the invite list to auditions that seemed to be pretty exclusive?
He tried to shrug his shoulders at himself, and couldn’t quite convince himself of his own wry indifference.
“I’d have to tell him she’s going to be there,” Castiel said. “We can’t ambush him.” Even though it would probably be the only way to get the meeting to actually happen, Castiel couldn’t help thinking. Once Dean had decided not to do something and his heels were dug in, there was no talking him down.
Dean turned his head to look at his brother, keeping walking. Sam was wearing Dean’s coat, swimming in it, the hood pulled up and the elastic tight so only the round circle of his face was visible. It was nearly funny, but they hadn’t eaten since breakfast, and the humour was shaved off everything.
“So, uh… do you just put makeup on Castiel’s chin, or something?” Dean said. “What with the… mask covering everything else?”
“I know. You could tell, just by watching.” His voice was accusatory, clearly dissatisfied. “She’s always been a bit…”
The door to Saint Crispin’s opened sharply, and slammed back into the wall behind it. Castiel and Dean broke apart, breathing audibly, to see Claire standing in the doorway, watching them.
“I am?” This explained a lot of the dirty looks that he got around the neighbourhood, Dean was thinking - he could feel things falling into place. It all made sense now. The way no one wanted to really talk to him. The way Castiel always seemed distant.
That – had that been a panic attack? All inside his head? His chest had felt so tight. His head so foggy, and hanging loose from reality like a door swinging off its hinge.
Dean’s mouth opens to form words, but he seems to stop himself. Castiel watches Dean swallow, and feels the familiar swoop and ache in his chest as all his crushing sky-sized love focuses into the smallness of the place on Dean’s throat that he wants to touch.
“It’s not,” he said, “a date.” It was creepy that she’d even say that, given how much he’d been thinking about it.
Castiel looked like he wanted to say something more, but then went silent. He wasn’t moving – just looking at Dean, his eyes asking a question. And if Dean had been the star of some kind of romantic movie, he might have thought that Castiel was hoping to kiss him goodnight – but there was no way. Dean wasn’t a freaking movie star, he tasted like milkshake and popcorn, and he was –
Always, as he walked, Dean felt the weight of the city above. The streets down here could be narrow and dripping with water, or they could be wide and dusted with iron fillings and sand - and some of the doors into buildings were huge, others just large enough to admit one person. The cloak of thick smog hid the tops of the buildings from view; it was impossible to tell, from here, which buildings were the little thirty-storey relics of centuries past, and which were many-hundred-tier behemoths that made up the modern Central City.
He shifted his feet – and felt his right foot slide, almost right out from under him. He steadied himself, hands out to the sides, looking down at the grass.
“Oh, yeah. Nothing bad.” Dean shifted uneasily on the concrete, not wanting to say too much more. Somehow it felt like he wasn’t screwing up too hard with Sam so long as he just didn’t tell other people before him - apart from Charlie, of course - damn. Dean really needed to call him.
“I’m sorry I thought this wasn’t who you are,” Castiel said. “I’m sorry I just assumed… I just assumed everything. I’m sorry. I’m glad I get to see you. The real you.”
“I can’t wait,” Cas said, and he sounded like he meant it. For a moment, Dean thought that he was going to lean in and kiss Dean goodbye - his eyes were on Dean’s lips, he seemed to lean in - but then he turned and headed out into the parking lot. Jody and Hannah followed him, Hannah giving Dean an awkward wave as they went.
“No, no, shit… shit, come on,” Dean said, slapping one bloody hand against the floor of the elevator, as though it were a horse that could be hurried with a firm touch. “Please, please. I can’t…”
“The only reason I haven't already reported you as a vigilante,” the Angel growled, “is because you told me we’re out here for the same reasons. To help people.”
He stands up, and turns to Dean, who’s looking at him with something in his eyes that’s just the same. Newly unfurled, wanting touch.
“Elevator’s been out of order for a month, now,” Dean said apologetically, leading Cas past it and beginning to climb the steps. “It’s just a few floors up.”
Quietly, they went to work. Dean chewed on cold pizza while Castiel filled out his name, his address, his email, his phone number. The papers required his passport number, so he went to his room and picked it up, feeling disconnected from his own body, barely noticing that he was gone from Dean’s room before he was back in it and sitting on Dean’s bed to type out the numbers he needed.
Imagining Dean and Lisa posing with the kids at the place where he and Dean had visited so often turned the emptiness in Castiel’s stomach to anger. He knew Mary meant well, but the children deserved to be more than a photo opportunity. And it was Dean and Castiel’s place to go and be themselves. More than anything, it was Castiel’s place, where he’d grown up.
“I look like a goddamn idiot. Who’s totally starstruck,” Dean said. Charlie opened her mouth, obviously trying to figure out how to reply, but he added, “That is kind of accurate, though. So I’m not mad. Just kinda… jeez. It was so obvious.”
Castiel gathered his bags groggily. The hangover had made reappearances throughout the plane ride, which he’d tried to temper with asking for more water and food – but his head was still pounding and the only thing holding him upright was picturing his own bed in his own room. Just half an hour or so away, now.
“Ah, well... Castiel ain’t bad at all,” the seller replied diplomatically, with a nod to Cas, who paid no ostensible attention.
Castiel went still. He felt his heart rise, and then fall, and then rise again. Somehow he seemed to have forgotten how to swallow.
He had no body. He was nowhere. There was only darkness. And hurt. Nothing else. It was the beginning and the end of everything. It made him. It
He put his hand on the door to his private apartments and it hummed a reader over his hand, opening a half-second later. He stepped through and held it open for Dean, and then pulled it to - not quite closed. He knew anyone could follow them both into the apartments if he left it that way, and that was almost the point. Nothing was going to happen, he was saying to the world. And to Dean. And also, perhaps a small bit, to himself.
“Push you out too?” he said. “Wh- are you – are you – are you something like – like that thing? Out there?”
As they went, Dean could feel some kind of tension from Cas - but not the good kind that he was used to, not the comfortable
“Okay, could you at least hit me on the other arm?” he said. His smile hadn’t faded. Because Castiel had said yes to another date. Castiel wanted to go on a date with Dean. They were going to go on a date. All those imaginings that Dean had been holding back… those were allowed, now. He could think of Castiel that way, because – because Castiel thought of him that way, too.
“I mean, if you sing anything like I’ve always heard you sing for my whole life, then, yeah,” Sam said, and Dean made a half-hearted attempt to laugh.
The casino bar. The drinks. So, so many drinks. Dean leaning over to him. The desperation on his face.
“Dean took care of it,” he said. “Here.” He threw a packet of mints into Castiel’s bag. “Welcome to the Samarbeid.”
“Hey,” he replied easily. “Uh, I was told you were looking for me. Sorry to interrupt, everyone.” He flashed another one of those easy smiles - how did he do that, be so charming without even trying? Castiel watched him and watched him and couldn’t figure it out. There was a general pleasant dismissal of Dean’s apology, everyone seeming pleased to see him.
When Castiel went to close it, he couldn’t help looking outside through the narrowing gap between the door and its frame. The trees were sturdy silhouettes in the gloom; the sky was a riot of stars above. In the patch of damp mud that he and Hannah had worn as they walked from the car to the house moving boxes, he could see the hoofprints of some kind of animal.
So many years later, living in Austin now in his own place with a job and a life of his own, and those words still hit him just as hard as they had when he’d first heard them as a queer teenager doing his best to get by and not be outed in a tiny, conservative town. The rush in his blood when he’d heard the song and realised for the first time that there really could be a life for him outside the town - a life where he wouldn’t have to always hide and be afraid - he could still feel it. He let the music fill him up, push away the sensation of panic, the over-thinking and the worry. Like he’d always used to, back at home when he’d be sitting in his car at the lookout point with the windows up and the song blasting, he lost himself in it, in the feeling of raw hope and determination that it gave him.
His fingertips brush the tightly closed buds, the sharpness of the thorns. Castiel lets that want for his grace rise up in him, unafraid of the feeling now that he knows it can be acted on. He closes his eyes, and feels for his grace.
Lisa ducked her head, and quickly slipped past them in the corridor and walked away. Dean immediately pressed on towards Charlie’s room, but Castiel took a second to watch after her. The Duchess’ room was all the way across the palace, and even though this was soon to be her home, Castiel wouldn’t have expected Lisa to break protocol and go meandering through parts of the palace where she hadn’t been invited.
He’d been watching Dean so intently that Castiel realised he hadn’t been paying attention to where they’d been walking. Now that he looked up, he saw that they’d come to a place in the trees – a place unlike the steady green-gold of the forest they’d been passing through before.
He looked out of the window, watching the darkening sky. Soon it would be too late for them to do anything to fix the situation with the photos, anyway. The newspaper that had them would likely have already gone to print. The copies would be in every newsagents by dawn.
“To help you,” Castiel said. And now, with the revenant’s hold on his body loosened just a touch, he did turn his head painstakingly slowly and looked at Dean. Dean was sitting and watching him, eyes roaming Castiel’s own face worriedly. When their eyes met, Dean started to talk, but Castiel still couldn’t hear his words. “To help him,” Castiel said to the revenant.
Castiel reached up, and put his hand over Dean’s. For a second, it looked as though Dean was going to soften into the touch, move nearer – his head tilted the barest inch, his eyes flickered –
“It can’t be like this forever,” Castiel said, and his voice cracked a little just at the thought. The pain didn’t even belong to him and the thought of it never ending was unimaginable.
Castiel didn’t know what to say, caught between embarrassment and the happiness of having made Dean laugh.
“It must be one of the ones we’ve called already,” he said. “And they just lied to us about not having them.”
“He’s still studying,” called back another voice, from Castiel’s other side. Two women stepped out onto the street just ahead of where Dean and Castiel were walking, coming out of their front doors on opposite sides.
In his head, so suddenly, there was a fog – there was a scream, there were shadows, there was a rushing panicked pounding frantic fearful wet alive and furious movement. And he couldn’t back away or run from it.
Castiel bit back his protestations. He knew what happened to people who came between Dean and his coffee.
read the screen, which he glanced at before bending down to open up the oven. When he tugged at the door it yawned open, the hot air rushing out to blast his face. If he’d been hoping that the music or the smell of food would ground him, ease the sense of strangeness and floating above himself, he’d been wrong. The loudness of the song was clattering against ears that didn’t want to hear it. The pizza inside the oven was bubbling greasily and the heat felt dully painful on his eyes the longer he watched it, so he shut the door. His breaths were coming a little too quickly in his chest. He swallowed hard, looking around the kitchen. He needed something – something – he didn’t know what, something to ease everything, to make it all calm down, to bring him back to himself.
The ache in Castiel’s chest – the hurt that he’d taken, still crossing his heart after he’d given most of it back to Jess and the forest again – understood. It understood.
There were general noises of dissent from Cas, from Jody, and from Donna; all three of them fussed and shook their heads.
and then – and then they were in front of each other in the bunker library, they were right in front of each other, standing with their hands by their sides and looking at each other. And all Dean could think as he looked at Cas was,
“It’s a good tactic,” the stranger said. “I think you’ll convince a lot of people that your relations with this person are strictly platonic, particularly if she is the
The memory of it was sharp. He had no sensation of coming down from a high, or even a fever. And besides, he’d seen enough cases of drug use in his time as a prosecutor to know that he hadn’t been on any kind of hallucinogen the night before.
Castiel did know. And Dean’s expression was caught somewhere between guilt and sheepishness and shyness – no shield up, nothing hidden, no blank face. He met Castiel’s eyes and he said,
“Like, this place, I’ve always wanted to put up some stuff in it, you know? Like, get some posters and frame ‘em for the walls, maybe get some, uh, some throw pillows or some shit.” He tried to say the words carelessly, like he barely knew the name for comfortable, tasteful accents to a room, let alone really wanted them - and then remembered he was with Cas, and shook his head at himself. “I dunno. I see things all the time that I wanna pick up and just have around. Books and plants, and this set of coffee mugs in pink and blue and purple… I just… you know, my brother comes and visits me here sometimes. I didn’t want…”
“Cherry pie... pecan pie... apple pie,” Sam checked off, as if by rote. “Dean, do you think there's any way I could forget at this point. Seriously. Everyone knows. People on the street hand me pies to give to you. It’s beyond a joke.”
“You should be,” said Dean’s voice from behind Castiel, and Castiel felt a familiar warm rush go up his spine. He half-turned, and saw Dean coming towards the door slowly. He was still dressed in the clothes he’d worn the night before, shirt hanging out, tie hanging loosely around the open neck. He was squinting as much as Castiel had done a few moments ago. “I was busy trying to sleep off all the alcohol in this city.”
He cursed to himself, and reached up, and tapped his nex. He’d forgotten to turn it off. The smile on his face faded. The contentment left him. He closed his eyes for a moment, berating himself. The lull of the nex was so sweet, so easy to fall into. He wanted the thing off his head. Out of his thoughts. The organisation, though, would never agree. Everyone wanted a nex. They were exclusive. It would ruin Castiel’s persona if he had it removed. And besides, every Angel had one.
“How long have you lived here?” Castiel tried. He didn’t know exactly what he wanted from Dean – whether it was information, or a connection, or something else – but he knew there was something he wanted, and it felt good to ask questions.
With his back to the wall and Dean in front of him, Castiel stood completely still and clenched his fists.
And finally, thank you to YOU for reading! I hope you're doing well, reader. Whether you are or you aren't, know this: I think you're very cool. And I would love to give you some homemade apple crumble.
It was so blunt that Castiel didn’t know how to answer. He’d have thought it was a lie, Dean just exaggerating in the way that people had always done in the city, pretending to have each other’s back until the end of time and then abandoning them over miscommunications and missed dinner dates. But the thing was, Castiel had proof. Dean had left the spidery closet to go and fetch the wards. And yes, he’d known that there was a good chance the revenant wouldn’t hurt him, as she hadn’t before. But there had been a chance that she would hurt him. And Dean had gone out there anyway, and hadn’t just fled; he’d fetched the wards. He’d put them back up. He’d saved Castiel’s life.
The pauses in between lines were long and quiet, Dean’s voice alone filling up the silence, contrasting with the full sound of the backing track that all the other singers had had. His face, his voice, the odd silences, it made the performance resonate differently. Dean didn’t know if it was just because of what it meant to him, what he knew he’d been feeling at the time, but there was a kind of genuine yet complicated intensity to his singing; he could feel himself reddening as he watched himself, chest filling up at how much he actually
was also weird. Like, formal… too formal, or something. Did you screw up?” She said it conversationally, and Dean felt his affection for her rush back. He shrugged.
Castiel turned to stare at him. Then he reached into one of the pockets of his suit, and retrieved his own stack of insulin patches, holding them up for the Hunter to see. From the shadows of the hood came a snort.
“I know, I know. But look!” Dean gestured towards the fridge. “I reordered everything. Now we have all the dairy on this side, and you have your jelly in the door, so I can get to my baking crap without having to move every jar of strawberry jelly in the state to get to it. Seriously, why are there so many.”
“Dean,” she said, though she sounded a bit strangled, and Castiel couldn’t quite figure out the expression on her face.
“Dude. No. I just feel bad that, like, I wasn’t… like, I wish I’d seemed more like someone you could trust, I guess.”
undead thing living in the forest that might have business left unfinished. Yeah, man, the revenant.” He was speaking quickly, easily, as though continuing a conversation that they’d been having for hours. Maybe it was his way of pushing past the possible awkwardness, Castiel thought, and decided to let him have it.
“You’d really let the insulin burn instead of letting my brother have it,” the attacker said softly, and now Dean was on the move again. They might have a brother, but they still couldn’t be allowed to hurt anyone.
Castiel can see the slight smile on Dean’s face, but it’s almost completely buried under the worry and the anger.
“Ohhhh, pop again!” Dean heard Ash say. He tried to focus. At least he could be pretty sure that their table would be safe; Ash didn’t usually call on the same group twice in a night.
There were just some establishing shots to begin with. Dean watched them flick by with a Castiel track playing in the background, just some b-roll of the auditionees getting their makeup put on and chatting together in the theatre. Dean caught his breath as he saw himself for the first time; he was sitting and talking to Donna in the makeup chair, and looking surprisingly relaxed considering that he had no idea what he was doing at the audition at all. Had he been being filmed, then? He hadn’t even noticed.
He left the bathroom, and found Dean still sitting on the edge of the bed in the quiet of the hotel room. The detritus of their night out was sprawled around him – bottles, food wrappers, a broken lamp. Somehow, inexplicably, a large plastic sign on the floor that said
“Actually,” Dean said, and he was surprised to find the little rough shake back in his voice. When was the last time he'd actually tried to talk to someone about how they'd upset him? And then he realised it had probably been today, earlier, on the phone with Sam, and he felt exhausted. But Cas had looked up, and his expression seemed gentle enough. Dean cleared his throat. Apparently, today was a day when he had to do a lot of talking. He was going to take tomorrow off. “Actually, it's kinda been on my mind that you were so mad at me yesterday. And that you were gonna walk out. Like, you didn't wanna talk about it with me at all. And then, that just felt like the same thing, where I brought up the ace thing again. Like you don't wanna talk. It feels like… I mean, you know how I feel about you being ace, but that doesn't mean that I won't ever have questions, or like, wanna just talk about it with you, and… I mean, I wanna do right by you whenever I can and sometimes I won't automatically know how to do that, and the only one who knows that is you, but if I can't ask you then I won't know, you know? And maybe I'll fuck up and get it wrong or ask the wrong thing and I wanna be told when that happens and I wanna learn and apologise but I just… if it's this thing where it feels like if I bring up this or that topic, you could walk out, like, forever… then I'm gonna just be sitting here not wanting to ever say anything.”
“You said plenty,” Dean replied, and looked back up at Cas, whose happiness was still barely contained on his face. There was the sound of a door slamming from down the hall, and Dean blinked back to reality; Cas, too, seemed to suddenly remembered there was a world outside the pair of them.
The guy leaned in and pressed a kiss to Dean’s cheek. Jo came in close, capturing the moment; Dean thought maybe his face wouldn’t look happy so much as taken by complete surprise - but it was definitely a very good surprise, so he could hope it was still a good photo.
With a sudden cold punch to his gut, Castiel remembered all over again. They were married. Dean was probably only smiling like that because he thought that they weren’t any more – he had to be thinking that Castiel had sorted it all out, made it go away.
“You all didn’t get up to anything too wild, I hope,” Mary said, as she turned away from Dean and looked at Castiel. He met her perceptive blue eyes, and cleared his throat. The ring in his pocket felt heavy.
Or to go to a bar and try to forget all about this – Jesus, that sounded good right about now. A strong drink or two or three should take the edge off, and even if it didn’t bring the floor back and stop him falling, at least he’d be happily oblivious to it.
Dean picked up the mic stand, and turned it ninety degrees. He got behind the mic, facing off towards the wing instead of straight ahead, looking towards where Cas was standing. His eyes sought Cas’, and found them.
“Um. Tombstone?” Castiel clarified, and Dean realised that he’d been staring into his coffee without answering.
“Yeah,” Dean said quietly. “Okay.” He kept looking down at the ground, not meeting Castiel’s eyes. His face was shifting subtly, as though his thoughts were racing and leaving swift patterns across his features. What was going on in his head, Castiel wondered. Was he frustrated at himself, frustrated that this had happened? Was he feeling as lost as Castiel himself?
Exploring the bathroom, he was oddly pleased to find the worst thing to be a few cobwebs in the window and a big spider in the bath. What kind of life was he living now, he couldn’t help wondering, where a giant spider seemed like a comparative blessing. He’d get a cup and put it outside later. For the moment, he relieved himself and washed his hands - the water, at least, seemed clean enough - and then went outside to help Hannah grab the last of his boxes out of the back of the car, along with the bags of groceries they’d stopped to pick up on the way. He’d explore the upstairs of the house later.
“Well. Yeah. See, he kinda left halfway through. ‘Cause, uh. I kinda asked if he wanted to make it a date.”
“When she’s paying attention, there’s no one better than Charlie to have in your corner. She just... doesn’t always see it.”
Dean saw the expression on the attacker’s face shift from anger to rage in the time it took him to cross the few remaining steps between them. Before the lightknife could lunge forward, he had his gun at the attacker’s neck.
Dean had said so, Castiel remembered suddenly. Dean had said one person’s belief could shape a creature. Like a strong wind instead of the still air always around them.
Castiel knew. It made no sense to him either. They were both here. They were alone. It would be as simple as Dean’s hand a little closer than it was. Dean’s lips on Castiel’s neck. Castiel’s lower back pushed forward off the wall, and –
Castiel snorted. They were sitting out on the front porch of the house, each on a low-slung wicker chair that Castiel had found out the back, with the hanging ward of garlic and silver and mirrors swinging above them. And they were more than one glass each deep into the whisky, but not so many that Castiel wasn’t able to think clearly. Not so many that he couldn’t enjoy the cool of the night on his skin, or know that he’d remember every second that they spent talking out here.
“Never mind,” he said, and Cas seemed to check himself, blink away the sudden dark in the cut of his glance.
Not that it was important, whether or not Castiel had liked it. Or how he’d liked it. In a friend kind of way, or in a –
“You’re a college professor,” Charlie said. "With the most movie references of anyone I've ever met. And I know we don’t talk about this, but now you’ve annoyed me so I'm going to tell you: you’re one of the best friends that I have. You're interesting, okay?"
Maybe the person, Castiel, hadn’t been real. But the way Dean had - the things that Dean had been feeling -
the man growled. And the feeling receded, just enough that Castiel could feel his feet moving, as the man pulled him up the stairs. Laughing shadows licked at his shoes, he could see them – it was impossible, he couldn’t be seeing them, he could
It was too hard, and the angle was wrong, and Castiel didn’t care. He closed his eyes, his body reacting for him, chasing Dean’s touch without him even having to think about it. It wasn’t a kiss, it was a mess, it was a reaching out and a rush and a desperate sudden static press of mouth to mouth – and then it was over. Dean ripped himself away. For a moment, less than a moment, his thumb was against Castiel’s lips, touching him so gently that it hurt.
he wrote, and then put a terrified emoji. Charlie responded immediately with four cry-laughing emojis, and a few others sent some gifs. Castiel watched along the top to see someone typing a response – a number he didn’t have saved to his phone.
“Thank you,” he says, with just enough irony in his tone to get Dean to smile. Or it would have been, usually, but today Dean’s expression is sinking back into hard lines. The greyish, muted light seems to lie heavy on him, putting a coldness in his eyes.
the judge - Balthazar, hadn’t that been his name, something weird like that - said as a voiceover, while footage of them all lining up to go onstage played. The camera operators had been cleverer than Dean had realised; they’d captured shots always either with someone blocking Cas from view or else from behind where Cas was standing, over his shoulder. Cas hadn’t been wearing the mask, not at that point, but his face wasn’t being shown.
Sam summarizes, "So, a massive crash of thunder that shook the entire Grand Canyon for miles around."
It was a workout, crashing his way step by step up through ice-crusted snow while hauling the bags in either hand, but Dean finally got all the way to the wooden box. By this point in the day he wasn't even bothering any more to second-guess himself about it all — about how much time he was spending on Castiel, or why he'd spent all morning making mini-pies, and then hours more in the afternoon scavenging through the camp kitchen supplies for unneeded canned food, snapping up every leftover can that Ted said hadn't been used for this or that dinner recipe. Not to mention spending his evening carrying it all up to a lonely wooden box through ice and snow. Dean had ceased to worry about it all. This was simply what he did, these days, wasn't it? He helped Cas. That was what he did.
"Yup," agreed God, apparently unfazed at the criticism. "Bit of a shoddy job, to be honest. Actually I'll let you in a secret," he added, and he jumped up to Cas's shoulder in a single smooth bound. Cas flinched, but held his ground, rolling his eyes slightly so that he could keep God in view while still holding the threads in his mouth. God said, "Stick out your right wing, Castiel, there's a good fellow," and he began scampering up the leading edge of Cas's wing with all four limbs, as nimbly as a lemur. "Angle it up, up, yes, right up to the canopy there, thanks." He was soon sitting way up on Cas's broad black flight feathers, near the tip of the wing. "Nice gold on those alulas, by the way!" he said appreciatively. "Lift me up even higher, would you? I need to re-knot that section overhead." Cas lifted the wing higher, till God could reach the frayed canopy edge. There he set to work in a strangely blurry motion, a section of torn tapestry re-weaving itself almost before their eyes. "I didn't
"Get OFF him!" Dean shouted. He waved his arms at the butterflies and a cloud of them reluctantly lifted up. (A distant shrieking noise sounded in the distance; Dean didn't notice.) "Go on! Shoo! Shoo! Get off my parrot! Get lost, you damn little... butterflies!"  Most of the butterflies had taken flight now, alarmed by Dean's arm-waving. Dean waved the last few off, and then got down to his knees by the little parrot. He'd been sure it must be smothered, or eaten up or something, but to his vast relief it turned out it was unharmed. In fact the baby parrot was stirring. It lifted its head. It was alive! And when Dean petted its fuzzy little head, it leaned its head into his hand.
Not fifty yards away, by the dirt bank, sat the white wolf, and the dark one, side by side. They were watching Cas and Dean.
Sam added, "I was wondering if he might have some ideas. About how to tell if a case is real. Or about other demons that might come back. But he didn't answer."
speak with you I had to bring you both here to this dream. My worry, though, is that the guardians may detect that we're communicating this way. They'll overhear us sooner or later — dreams can be overheard, as you both know — and they may be able to home in on us. So I may have to cut this short and move you to another place—"
But he was instantly eager to start using the tools Dean had offered. He was delighted with the pink flagging tape ("I've noticed, this color is so effective for the human eye. The one you've put on the wooden box — it's so bright! I can spot it from at least half a mile away!") Cas began by tying a series of especially long pink streamers at hundred-yard intervals on the willow bushes along the worn gravel road, to help use as a main landmark system. Entering digital waypoints into the handheld GPS was a little beyond him at first, though, so Dean decided to work with him for a while. Purely to assist, of course; purely to help put the lat/long waypoints into the GPS.
"You can't watch me every second of the day," Dean pointed out. "You gotta relax a bit, Sam. You're driving yourself into the ground. Go on down, and I'll be down soon."
"Normal ammunition won't affect either angels or demons," said Cas, sitting back down beside him. "You may need this blade. I'll teach you some grappling techniques." As Dean turned the silver blade over in his hand, admiring its shining surface, Cas remarked, rather slowly, "It looks familiar in your hands." He shifted to face Dean more directly, and added, "Nonetheless, I need to make clear again that I don't think it's wise for you to get involved. You shouldn't be put at risk. I know we've shared intimacies, but that doesn't entail any obligation at all on your part."
won't last long what with the extraordinary rate of rebellions and revolts and utter incompetence that has always characterized your reign! Why, it seems like just yesterday that a certain somebody was licking a certain floor, with his very own tongue, while—"
"It doesn't hurt," said Cas. Dean's fingers actually felt deliciously cool and relaxing. They seemed to be drawing an aching heat right out of the wings. Dean starting to stroke both wings now, gently rubbing the base of each wing.
She had a birthday coming up in April, as well. Cas had recently become aware, when mentioning this to one of the warehouse workers, that parents were expected to give their children gifts on every anniversary of the child's birth.
Dean's waiting for Cas to say something along the lines of "No, not really, we only just met," and he's already got a little reply prepared about how Cas should enjoy himself and feel free to go have some fun. But then Cas says, with a slow and thoughtful nod, "I hadn't really thought of it that way. But yes, I suppose it's getting serious."
"I did the white feather last night at two-thiirty, in the nurse's station," says Sarah. "And Sam already had all the pie stuff. Didn't take long. Easy as pie, you know?"
), and Dean's getting so impatient that he finally just yanks Cas's waistband lower down, low enough that he can pull it down around the base of Cas's balls. It's a move that Dean's done many times himself, with his own sweats; the elastic-waistband-down-under-the-balls maneuver is a tried and true way to get quick access to
It shuddered, thinned, and blew apart into a thousand drops of shining mist. They dissipated in the air high overhead. The flare was gone.
DEAN'S GRIEF - Many of you noticed Dean going through the stages of grief and asked if I was taking him through the classic stages. My own experience has actually been that those "stages" don't always play out as they are supposed to, and that often you keep circling back to some of the earlier stages, sometimes bouncing all the way back to stage 1. It can be repeatedly cyclical. And someimtes it never does resolve; sometimes the acceptance never comes. So... it occurred to me that when grieving for someone who actually HAS resurrected before, it would be almost impossible to get out of this cycle of endless grief, because you'd never fully be able to give up hope and accept it. I thought it would be interesting (ok, in a sadistic way) to explore what the grieving process would be like then.
Dean glanced around once more at the great wings that were sprawled out so wide, and at the peaceful sandy shore and the little grasses, and then down at Cas's feathers again, the purring rumble vibrating through his hands, and he thought,
"Condoms, you know. Stuff like that..." Dean explains, pushing a bottle of lube aside (though he makes a careful mental note of where he puts it). "Um, maybe some cock rings, you know, the usual—"
Jody, Anne and Sam soon disappeared into the minimart. Claire, though, stayed behind, apparently just to watch Dean check out the Impala.
Chapter Ten, "The Question of Lifespan and Death", catches Dean's eye (the word "Death" seems to jump out rather aggressively). But Dean resolutely turns to Chapter Six instead, still balancing the book across his left hand and forearm as he flips through the pages. Illustrations start flickering past, and when Dean comes to Chapter Six he finds there's a carefully detailed illustration of a single feather on the left-hand page, opposite the first page of the chapter text. The feather illustration is printed on a smoother, more expensive paper stock and is protected by a translucent sheet of rice paper. Dean leafs the delicate rice paper aside and studies the illustration, which is of a small snow-white feather about four inches long, slightly curved.
But something was not going quite right. Cas's magical healings were usually instantaneous, the glow from his hand strong and golden, but this was taking some time. Cas's golden light seemed weak and pale, flickering on and off, fading too soon. Soon it had died entirely, yet the pain was not gone. Cas opened his eyes and took a very uneven breath. He glanced down at Dean. For a long moment their eyes met. Dean frowned up at him, confused.
blueish-white light. Cas's wings were drooping; it seemed a discouraged sort of wing-posture that Dean had never seen before, his shortened wings almost sagging to the ground. But Dean had a clear view of the side of Cas's right wing, and to Dean's vast relief it seemed the feathers hadn't been clipped yet. The tips of the longest and glossiest of the new flight feathers were still visible, reaching just past Cas's hips.
Eventually, with a little cheek-biting and some deep breaths, Dean was able to keep going. "Cas, I think you might be stuck in Hell. That would be why the angels haven't answered — they might not even know where you are. Or worse still, they DO know and... maybe they think you deserve it?
of a seraph, just you three, somehow the three of you blow our Apocalypse plan to shreds!" spat Raphael. He seemed to be working himself up into such a fury now that Cas automatically backed up a step, Gabriel and Balthazar even backing up with him. Raphael spat out, "It happens in almost every universe we've looked at! The only exception we've found is one where the Winchesters were never born and YOU apparently ended up brain-damaged somehow, and quite a sorry sight that was, but even so, THEN GUESS WHAT HAPPENED? Even
But after a few more "misses," each "miss" corralling them neatly, Sam said "They're toying with us," and Dean knew he was right. The dragons had never been "missing." They were doing this on purpose.
"Blowing?" Cas asked, and this time there was a note of confusion in his voice. Dean pulled back a little and looked at him.
The butterflies were gone. All Cas's feathers, which had fluffed out dramatically during the process, slowly un-fluffed. Cas gave a long sigh as the feathers sleeked back down to their normal contour.
, Dean realized. Sunspots all over the Sun... just when they'd realized that Darkness was attacking Heaven. And, a few months later, NASA had announced that the sunspots had completely vanished, just when Hannah had arrived to tell them the Darkness had been corralled deeper inside Heaven.
"Yeah, and is kickass with a knife, and can handle a shotgun too, and knows how to drive. And has his own car. What do you think, Sam?"
Dean snapped his fingers. "The new survey," he said. "The property lines. New property boundaries. There's a strip in the woods that turns out to belong to us. It's supposedly not much, just some more trees and a hill, but I haven't actually looked at it. C'mon."
have to add snarky comments even when you're taking damn near half an hour to write each one out in the sand?"
Dean continued searching for ways to comfort Cas with the seven-a-day prayers, and soon some of his prayers began turning into songs.
Dean's picked up this scent before, in their few evenings together, but now he finally lets himself really concentrate on it. He drinks it in; it's a mix of that mint mouthwash Cas has been using, and the soap he must have used in the shower, and toothpaste... and something else. Something almost outdoorsy, like wind and ozone; like rain, or desert dust, or heather.
Cas took that in for a moment, touching his chest gently, and looking at his hand. No scar on the hand either, just as Claire had said. Slowly he folded the pajama-top closed, as Claire pulled the comforter tighter around his shoulders.
He set the doodle out of his mind; it was irrelevant right now. There was, of course, another solution, another reason he was inspecting the windows. It was just that Dean hated to have to do it. All he had to do, of course, was break a window. Dean scanned around the side of the road, looking for a rock.
Dean scampered onward, pushing through the willows as quick as he could, and finally he rounded a curve of the mountain and got out of view of the AP team. Breathing a sigh of relief, he abandoned the willows at last and started striding, fast, straight up the hill. A gully lay above him, a gully filled with scree — a loose, steep field of gravel. Not ideal, but at least it was headed upward.
?" the girl's voice repeated, from very close by. "Get off him!" A short scuffling sound, and the roughened hands disappeared, replaced by a smaller, softer, more feminine hand that was nervously touching Jimmy's forehead. The girl's voice went on, "You set one fucking foot in this town, you're in town for
from the jaeger. The blurry wing-shapes, as difficult as they were to make out, seemed to be behind him, not in front of him. It was almost as if the jaeger had been on Cas's back somehow.
Dean couldn't smell a thing. Apparently angels had good senses of smell. (It occurred to Dean then that the plover and junco — the junco that was still perched on his shoulder even now — had not only managed to guide him to a spot that was hidden with a good view, but a spot that was also downwind, where Dean himself wouldn't be sniffed out.)
Dean snapped to attention. Ryan would indeed be interim camp manager. "Yeah. You'll be fine, though. Just go to spring blizzard protocol."
"Doesn't seem fair that you have to still hear the prayers, if you can't help them," says Claire. "Dean told us some of the things you were hearing. It sounded... " She shudders. "
The girlfriend begins to take shape in Dean's mind. She's a bit bossy, Dean thinks. Like, Dean's got an impression that she must have been criticizing Cas's taste in junk food. (No more French fries
"But what are we gonna do?" Sam whispered, even more quietly now. "Did Cas tell you anything more about this place? What happened to him here? What're we gonna do?"
Dean checked the battery on the phone, put the phone and note together in a little plastic bag, and knelt to set everything right at the head of the grave. He got back to his feet.
A half hour later Dean's gotten desperate enough to call Crowley, who hasn't heard a thing through his demon contacts either.
Chindi explains to dragon-Castiel, "I called your soul out of your mortal vessel in order to get a look at you, mostly just because I was confused. You have — you
in desperate trouble; this time he really did need help. But last time hadn't gone too well, had it? Dean had screwed up, and had nearly died himself. And the enemy then had only been the snow, a mindless foe that Dean had been dealing with capably for years. Today he was going to fight archangels.
Jimmy felt nearly desperate to be a good father to her again. And being a good father meant making sure his daughter was happy.
"Is that good?" asked Cas. His curiosity seemed to have overcome his worry, for he was now hunkered close beside Dean, chin almost on Dean's shoulder as he peered at the screen.
cool with it, so blase, yawning now as he shuffles back to the table and drinks some more coffee, that it's clear that Sam isn't really getting it.
Several times during the drive back to Lebanon, Sam considered asking Dean what had happened in the warehouse. What exactly had happened? How had the demon still been alive? How had it managed to injure Castiel so horrifically while leaving Dean unharmed?
"Right, right," said Dean. "Prince of Hell.... Okay." He took a breath. "So, thing is, that was the bear that killed Dad, and—"
Flood?" says Sam, twisting around in the back seat to look at him. "The... six thousand years ago flood? You don't mean, like, Noah's Ark and all that?
But now Dean had navigational equipment — a critical item he'd been missing last night — as well as better clothing. Even so, though, he was aware that it was a little ridiculous to go running right back out into the ongoing blizzard that had nearly just killed him. But if Cas wasn't back....
it turns out that Dean is, in fact, getting an erection, enough so that the waistband won't go any farther down. Cas's smile broadens, but he still says nothing, and he still just keeps staring Dean right in the eyes.
He closes his eyes, and holds Castiel, in the dark, concentrating fiercely on that faint, barely perceptible warmth across his shoulders.
"Dean," Sam said, "maybe you should let go of his ear?" Dean opened his eyes to discover that one of his hands was hanging tight to a three-foot-long clump of feathers that was indeed, Dean belatedly realized, one of the dragon's ears. The dragon had gone patiently still again, its long chin now lying flat on the ground and its whole head angled slightly toward Dean, letting Dean half twist its ear off, one eye now squinched shut to protect it from Dean's belt buckle, still making that rumbling purr all the while.
"The vessel's in pretty good shape, don't you think, Sam?" he said, turning to Sam with a truly ghastly smile. "I couldn't fix everything, but... it's pretty good, huh? You think Cas'll be happy with it?"
Sam was suddenly having some difficulty breathing. He had to look away and take a couple of long, shaky breaths.
They fall silent, watching the raven fly. The wind has really died down, and there's a moment of quiet so pure that it seems Dean can even hear his heart beating. The raven glides closer, and closer, almost at eye level; Cas's hand loosens slightly as they watch it approach. It seems to be sailing sideways directly toward them somehow, sideslipping over to inspect them maybe, in a way that almost seems to defy the wind. Its bright gleaming eyes fix on them, and then it glides on, swooping up and soaring past a mere dozen feet over their heads. It's so close that Dean can hear a rushing sound of wind in its feathers. It seems the only sound in the world.
"Back inside!" Dean yelled. "Go! Go!" Sam led the way, pelting back down the tunnel so fast that he careened into the soot-blackened walls a few times, his flashlight only of limited help in the eerily dark tunnel. Dean ran right into Sam's back at one point, but they finally managed to get through the tunnel and into the round cave, Dean right on Sam's heels. Just as they reached the brass controls on the side wall, the wolf-howl sounds behind them switched abruptly to a cacophony of snarls and yips and growls.
"You know, if it turns out he doesn't have anybody to check in with," said Dean, "he could just check in with me. Now and then. I mean, if he wants."
"Hey," said Sam, tapping Dean's shoulder and pointing at the little moving thing. "See that? Is that another angel?"
"I don't know why," said Cas. "It's always some random amount. Usually it smells of cigarette smoke and beer."
Cas blinked at him, as if he hadn't realized that his comment might come across as a little heartless. "Forgive me," he said, setting a gloved hand on Dean's parka-clad arm. "I didn't mean to belittle your personal issues. Not in the least." Cas looked at him a long moment, and Dean felt his hand squeeze lightly. "Thank you for inviting me, Dean," said Cas. "Despite the depressing nature of the talk, I'm glad I was able to hear it. And most of all, it was pleasant to come and visit."
eagles," muttered Dean. "Look, whatever you are, I am not at all convinced you have this little guy's best interests at heart. How do I know you're not just gonna eat him?"
a backpack on? Something looked different. Dean called into the CB, "Blackbird, hold up. Something's up with your pack—"
Dean turned his head a little to whisper right into Cas's ear. "Your wings being burned like this, you know what it really means to me? It means
There was another scent there too, very faint. A scent of a certain cologne... and a tinge of gunpowder, and the faint aura of whiskey and coffee and motor oil and blood and salt. And the slightest, most tantalizing hint of a certain masculine scent.
Dean snorts. "Maybe. But seriously, it's a gas-guzzler actually, so since you're on a budget, bear that in mind. And it's kind of like steering a boat. And remember it does
Sam got his seatbelt on and then sat in uncomfortable silence as Dean charged the Impala through the nighttime traffic, running a few yellow lights a little recklessly and then wheeling sharply onto... route 290,
the way to get Claire to open up) and Dean subsided a little, looking a little abashed. But Dean said, "Cas. She's been manipulating you. We need to know the truth."
Once again Dean has to order himself to calm down. Whatever Cas is doing, whatever he's up to, it can't be what it seems; it can't be what Dean's thinking. All the objections and counter-arguments come parading through Dean's head: Cas is an angel, he's practically asexual anyway — either that or he's straight — either asexual or straight but
"Found the bag," Sam says, grinning back. "Cas didn't have the vest on any more, of course. They'd stripped him totally. Finally the doc said he'd given all Cas's stuff back to you. But you didn't seem to have any of it, and you didn't have the white feather on you, only the black one. I even made the poor nurse dig out your shredded shirt again just to be sure there wasn't a second feather in the bottom of the pocket. I'd about given up but then, at two in the morning, I suddenly thought, I bet it's where Dean was lying in the snow. Went all the way out there in the middle of the night and crawled around where you'd been lying. It was snowing again by then, just by the way. About froze my hands off."
"I watched you sleeping," Cas says, "and I thought, I do want to live, I do want more time; I'm not done here yet. I thought, I want more time with Dean."
, to be back behind the wheel. It was good to have something to look at; something other than that vast warehouse, that is, and the infinite sea of jumbled wooden pallets... and a dying Castiel in his arms.
. I'll admit I seem to be losing some of my former... abilities. I have felt the cold sometimes, a little bit, this year."
Cas repeated, stunned by this discovery, "I'm not Jimmy. I think. I'm pretty sure. My name is... Cas. Though... I'm confused— I had the impression it was a nickname. Isn't Cas a nickname?"
"Okay, so, physical but not sexual," said Dean. "We're finally getting somewhere. So what is it exactly?"
"Finish it, finish it!" Dean said. "Finish the pie!" He jumped off the boardwalk and strode toward Cas over the tussocks, following what had becom a rather well-trodden path over the lichen and heather. When he came to a stretch of flowered tundra by the icewater pool, Dean began hopping from tussock to tussock, so as to dodge the fragile flowers as he went. Lupine, glacier avens, bistort, he jumped past them all, fairly bouncing his way up to Castiel. He felt almost giddy with energy. Cas was already holding the half-eaten mini-pie out toward Dean, and Dean waved it off, saying, "The pies are for you! Eat!"
Dean had to laugh. "That's the problem with winter gear!" he gasped. "Mine have this loop thing on the velcro, a loop around that button there — wait, just let me—" Dean undid the right buttons, and the loop, and the zippers, and wriggled the snowpants down to his hips. And Cas took it from there, with shocking speed. He yanked one of Dean's mud boots clean off and then the other, and then he stood, took hold of both legs of Dean's snowpants and gave a tremendous pull. In a flash Dean was disrobed down to his long johns. It was so startling that Dean let out a yelp.
"There was a stampede story too..." muttered Sam, across the table, to Dean. "Just saw it on my phone when I got up just now. Lots of stampedes."
Sam had finally pinned down where the mill worker was probably buried, up the hills a bit farther, in the old town graveyard. Some of the town records of the burials had been lost, but they'd narrowed it down to a few possible graves. Come nightfall, they might find out for certain: today was the Tuesday before Thanksgiving, and sunset tonight was a likely time for the ghost to show.
. He was starting to shift his legs around, moving them restlessly, one knee coming up and then the other, his feet thrashing in the sheets. His cock was rock-hard now, even twitching now and then; Cas swallowed him all the way down again, and Dean gave a helpless groan.
It was only too clear that Cas was still very sick. He was still running a high fever, and spent most of the evening semi-conscious. And, worryingly, he seemed to grow more and more uncomfortable as the night wore on. Soon he was tossing and turning restlessly, his feet shifting around and his hands plucking at the sheets, oblivious to Dean's attempts to calm him.
Dean had to chuckle when he took the Continental over the Continental Divide, the invisible line at the pinnacle of the Rockies that divided the watersheds of the Pacific and the Atlantic. I-90 actually crossed the Continental Divide no less than three times, as it looped its way through the mountains, and on the third time Dean finally parked and took a picture of the Continental exactly straddling the Continental Divide. Cas woke up again when the car stopped, and rolled down his window to tell Dean, "But this watershed division is constantly moving, Dean. Just another million years or two and it'll be in an entirely different place."
But a moment later Cas was shoving his way down the bed, flipping Dean over, reversing their positions. In seconds he was at Dean's hips, shoving Dean's hand out of the way.
"Oh, yes, indeed," said Cas. "I passed a Smith's longspur breeding area. The Smith's females have all just arrived, so of course there's much excitement. They live for this week, you know. Also, and this is rather interesting, golden-crowned sparrows have crossed over the Brooks too. They tell me they've never—" Cas hesitated the briefest moment. "My data indicate," he amended, "that golden-crowned sparrows have never nested this side of the mountains before. They've peeked over the pass, of course; and now and then one or two of the bolder ones have flown over for a quick look, but they've never found it hospitable enough to stay. Until now. This year, things are changing. Quite a few have decided to stay, and some are building nests. Also—"
It's totally hot to hear him say this, of course... but there's actually a tinge of anger in Cas's voice now. And... something else, too. Something close to despair.
Cas's tongue swirls over Dean's cockhead, firm and hot and silky; Dean nearly shouts into the pillow. Another tongue-swirl and Dean's cock gives an exquisite, dry, preliminary twitch and Dean shouts again, his hips thrusting involuntarily up into Cas's mouth. A third tongue-swirl and that's the end; Dean convulses, hard, curling up, his whole torso coming up off the mattress, and his cock starts spurting into Cas's burning-hot mouth.
Dean decided, then, to risk asking the same question he'd asked earlier. It seemed a rather critical question, and it was the question that had made Cas jump out of bed entirely and walk away. But maybe now the question could be asked.
Cas nodded, and Dean took a step over to him to give him the Continental keys. Sam made a show of giving his own jacket to Claire, helping carry her backpack, and then steering her around to the Continental passenger-side door. All of which gave Cas and Dean a brief moment together.
The kid was talking to him. Jason. He was standing a couple feet away with a friendly smile, one hand in his pocket, one hand held out for a handshake. Dean wiped the feather away with a quick brush of his hand, looking him over. The kid looked practically just out of puberty.
Cas suspected he was going to have a lot of difficulty focusing on a movie, but it seemed this would make Claire happy, so he smiled and agreed.
She gave a tiny huff that was almost a laugh. "Sometimes it actually makes me happy to hang out with you," she said. "Believe it or not. So sue me."
few people in this world who could make me forget that there is a fresh-baked pie in the very next room. In fact, you might be the only one."
Cas shakes his head, and so Dean sits right down next to him, as close as he can get, and wraps both arms around him. He feels Cas give a little twitch of surprise, but Dean only tightens his grip.
"No prob. By the way it's a whole house," Sam says. "An Airbnb, not a motel. Sarah was, like, laughing at me about never having tried Airbnb. Full kitchen, she says, pots and pans, the works. Separate bedrooms, too." (He manages to sneak in this last tidbit like it's of no particular interest.) Sam yawns casually and adds, "Right near downtown. It'll be nice. Anyway, wake me for my shift, okay? Two hours or so?" Dean nods, and Sam disappears from the mirror again, flopping down for his own nap.
The only problem was that now he was, inevitably, worried about Cas. How would that little blue tent stand up to a two-foot snowfall? And Cas kept saying how he'd been feeling cold recently....
It's a couple hours of driving. During the long drive it occurs to Dean, multiple times, that he probably really ought to be quizzing Cas about all the diagnosis and prognosis questions. But Cas seems comfortable relaxing in the back, and most of the time he's asleep...
get into some kind of car crash, sometime in your life. So your lifetime average happiness will be higher if you get in the habit of putting your seatbelt on."
"World's worst chick-flick," Dean mutters to himself, hands still over his eyes. Because, he knows the script, he's seen the movie: This is dramatic-romantic-gesture time. Or it should've been. It should've been John-Cusack-with-the-boombox time. Dean should've been driving through the night straight to Cas's place (or Aaron's place, which is probably the same thing at this point), to burst in the door with a Hollywood speech. Maybe waving that little feather around too, just for effect, or clutching it to his heart dramatically. He should be leaving right now and be camped outside that address by dawn, playing "In Your Eyes" at top volume through the Impala's speakers.
Dean raised his head off the guitar at last, his eyes red. He seemed somewhat able to talk again, and he said, "I would've done it months ago, but I'm such a
But Castiel is shaking his head. "Sam, I'm grateful you should have gone to all this trouble, but, the problem is, there's none of my grace left to transfer. Besides, if I had any grace nearby I could just inhale it; I wouldn't need the feather."
Especially if another whole course of chemotherapy or radiation is going to come crashing down on him again in just a week or two.
"And just by the way," said Dean, "you picked the right vessel." He pushed Cas over till Cas was lying on his back again. Then Dean licked his lips, working up his courage a bit, and he reached out and swirled his tongue around Cas's cockhead. Slowly. Very slowly. This time Cas had to muffle his groan into a pillow, and he actually writhed on the bed, his feet thrashing around by Dean's knees.
Dean thought. (He did not focus on this thought more explicitly; it was best not to think too much about it.) This thought, though he kept it vague in his head, always made him miserable.
Dean shivered in the dark at the edge of the bridge, hands tightening on the shotgun as a deep chill seemed to sweep over him. For a piercingly awful moment he saw it all again: Cas turning away, that shine in his eyes....
The next four pages were filled with columns of names, addresses, tiny maps, copies of classified ads, and then a huge list of what Dean finally realized were names of small businesses. Dozens and dozens of businesses. Restaurants, motels, barbershops, movie theaters, grocery stores, pet shops, coffeehouses, fast food places, cell phone stores, car dealerships, bookstores, shoe stores, hardware stores, and on. They were all listed in long neat columns, in an apparently random order that didn't make any sense till Dean noticed the addresses; Cas had been making his way through the town street by street, stopping in at every single business in the order he came to them. And for every business Cas had made a note about whether they had any jobs.
"No," Dean breathed, for he found he'd already picked sides. He was rooting for the little sparrow-things.
Dean shifted then, pushing up onto one elbow. Cas opened his eyes to watch him. Dean was looking at the right wing now, staring right at it, and Cas was amazed to see no reluctance. No disgust. No hesitation at all.
Cas nods, a faint spark of recognition in his eyes now. "That sounds familiar," he says. "Since becoming human again, I've lost a lot of what Metatron put into my head. There was a moment when he'd stuffed all the stories of human history into my mind, you remember? A lot of it's faded now, but I do remember there was a children's book about a bear. A toy stuffed bear, right? I'd forgotten the details." He glances over his shoulder at the mittens. "I
Dean was alone, and he was in the warehouse... standing in a pool of blood. Dean raised his eyes, slowly, slowly, to the cross in front of him, knowing what he would see—
"You think?" Dean says, and his voice goes almost squeaky in his desperation to believe this. His eyes are stinging now, and he has to set the mug down on the map-table just in order to swipe his hand across his eyes.
"It was... in the pond," says Castiel. "It was... injured, actually. Quite fortunate that I found it, really."
Then Dean took a second look at the bruised, swollen face and this time he noticed the dark hair. And the familiar line of the jaw.
had too many arms. Eight? Twelve? They seemed impossible to count, blurring even when he was holding them still). "Imagine you have been sent to jail for a week," he continued gaily, returning to his hyper-speed canopy-weaving. "Say there's some mud in your cell. To entertain yourself you make a little sculpture. You decorate it. Imagine then you notice that little creatures have colonized your sculpture. Tiny ants, say."
"He doesn't seem tired," whispered Sam. "It's not like yesterday. It's more like he's... dizzy, maybe? Disoriented?"
"3B is worse than 3A, but not as bad as 3C," says Cas calmly. "and not as bad as 4. The A and B and C are several different substages of how far it's gotten to the lungs. Basically 3B means several lymph nodes are affected. So anyway, they explained all this, that evening — they told me they were classing it as 3B, and explained what that meant and that I would need chemotherapy and probably radiation. And they explained about prognosis." Cas hesitates here, both his hands wrapping more firmly around his coffee mug. His lips press together for a moment, and he bows his head slightly, the tassels of the monkey hat swinging free of his shoulders. "The prognosis is fairly good actually. Five-year survival rate of approximately 70%, given the markers in my blood and the stage. So, about a two-out-of-three chance of survival."
Soon they emerged into the top floor. Sam and Dean had always called it the "attic" but it felt almost more like a big dance hall; it was a huge space with a great vaulted ceiling. Down at floor level, a warren of file cabinets and stacks of furniture divided up the space into little trails. High, narrow-paneled windows on the sides let in a slanting afternoon light, little motes of dust drifting in the sunbeams.
Dean flicked a glance at Sam and then did a bit of a double-take. Sam looked like crap. He was still wearing the same t-shirt that he'd been sleeping in, his hair was twisted into all kinds of weird shapes, and it looked like he was still rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. He'd forgotten his socks. He didn't even have a jacket on.
Dean took a swallow of his beer, and said, "You're thinking it was just a dream and wasn't really Cas, and you don't want to give me the wrong idea that Cas might still be around somewhere." For it was clear why Sam was hesitating.
"Well, then don't be dumb enough to charge out half-dressed," countered Dean. "Let me at least get a look at your mittens next time. And let me wrap your scarf all the way around your neck if you can't do it yourself. Or else I swear I'll hike right up Topaz just to radio the camp office for help—" Dean paused, a thought dawning on him. "Oh, hell," he muttered, looking out toward the antechamber. "They don't know where I am, do they? They'll worry."
A tendril of black fog floated by him, and Dean looked around to discover that the dark fog was sliding closer still. The great gate had already disappeared, and soon the black fog had reached the very edges of the swamp. The whole world seemed to be fading away.
The cave felt blissfully warm and dark in comparison, its little orange fire still glowing cheerily. Cas stopped just inside the inner furs. Still with one hand firmly on Dean's upper arm, he batted the snow off his own shoulders, stamped the snow off his boots, and then leaned down (still holding Dean's arm) to yank at his bootlaces. Standing back up, he efficiently levered off the boots by stepping on his own boot-heels, one foot at a time. Through this whole process he had not let go of Dean's arm.
Dean had known perfectly well that's what it was, but it's terrible to hear the confirmation. It's like all the air has been sucked out of the car. Dean almost can't breathe for a moment, and he has to remind himself to take a long, slow breath, and keep his hands on the wheel, and focus just on steering the Impala.
Jody and Claire get started right away, and even though they're still a couple states away, and are also apparently going up against the three powerful competing prayers from the Caspian Sea car crash victim, the Bulgaria flash-flood man and the little Peruvian girl, it seems to help nonetheless. Jody and Claire
She grins at him and pulls her hat back on. "Your hair'll grow back too," she says. "And your feathers also. I mean, won't they? It makes sense. If hair grows back, then feathers grow back."
He picked them all off. It took a while. He put them in a heap on his own plate and waited for Claire to come out of her room. But she didn't come out, and at last he pushed his own plate away and put his head in his hands.
people. His place to protect. It had been that way for nearly fourteen years. And as determined as Dean was to help Cas get away from those sadistic archangel overlords, it also felt very odd, and even a little wrong, to be leaving Ryan and Shelly and all the others. It was "just a job," sure, but still, he felt responsible for the place. He'd helped make it what it was today. Dean was even still a little hopeful that he could come back to Kupaluk for short shifts now and then once Cas was settled in, but it was starting to feel like this might be a long-term deal.
For all Cas's boldness, though, he's a little unskilled, and soon Dean needs firmer pressure, and faster movement. "Harder," Dean says, almost in a grunt, and he wraps his right hand over Cas's to demonstrate. A little pre-cum starts to flow; Dean adds a little of his own spit and he starts to work Cas's hand up and down. It's only been a few minutes and already Dean knows he's getting lost in it all; the sensations are so good, and the need for
"Um... somebody... I don't recall...." said Castiel vaguely. "It must have been somebody, or else I wouldn't have known. Obviously. But, why did you leave out that detail when you told the others?"
It was an awful day for any hikes or walks. (Hopefully Cas's tent was waterproof. Hopefully he was warm enough. Hopefully Cas had enough to eat....)
At this point Dean realizes that Sam's probably spent the entire drive wondering how bad things are — how bad Cas is going to look, whether he's capable of conversation... whether he's at death's door. Dean's about to suggest that they slip into the other room for a confidential pow-wow when there's a faint, rough, rather sleepy-sounding "Dean?" from inside the room. It's Cas.
Once in the car Sam said, reaching one hand out half-heartedly to the radio, "You wanna try for some news on the radio, or..."
"Page 10's glyphs, at the top here, I think mean 'Lesser Realms.' Remember, that's the page that has all the mini-maps all over. Two slightly bigger mini-maps and then a whole bunch of others, all on the same page. They're 'Lesser Realms'."
Dean couldn't get a clear view of Cas's wings, for Cas's arms (still on either side of Dean's head) were blocking his view. But Cas had a perfect view. And Cas's blood ran cold.
Jimmy's voice caught a little, and he knew immediately that he'd sounded far more distressed than he'd meant to let on. So he tried to cover it up by adding a little laugh and saying, "Isn't that funny?"
, thought Sam, backing up to the doorway with a quiet sigh and leaning against the doorframe again. For one thing, Sam had read some of "The Physiology Of Angels" on the drive back.
It had seemed, very briefly, last night, like a good idea to contact Sam or Dean, but reading Sam's text now it suddenly seemed very clear that it had been a mistake. If Cas answered at all, he would soon have to tell Sam and Dean that he'd been defiled. They would figure it out somehow. Dean, especially, would figure it out. Dean
Dean leaned a little closer to read the figure legend that was neatly printed below the wing illustration. It said:
Dean knew he was probably imagining things, but it was almost as if somebody had been in his bedroom the other night.
"Dammit, Ryan," he yelled into the woodshop, over the whining saw noise. "Every damn one of these is a couple inches short. Did you do the whole batch this way?"
They drive on. From New Mexico to Colorado; from Colorado to Kansas. And throughout the drive Dean keeps thinking of the moment when Dean had first heard Cas's voice in the hospital. And, a moment later, the look on Cas's face when he'd spun around. How he'd called them "family".
"I don't want to hurt you," said Cas. But Dean said, "We'll go slow," and he grabbed Cas's cock with one hand, aiming it precisely where he wanted it, and began to lower himself down. Very, very slowly. Despite Cas's worry, it was
Cas has one hand on his chest now, a distant look on his face; it's the same introspective position he'd had yesterday when he'd been thinking about his new soul, one hand splayed wide on his chest, like he's trying to actually feel it. "Yes. Yes," he says. "This fits. It's right. It makes sense. It fits with what I've been feeling all along. I just didn't understand till now. The cancer always felt dark, you know... like something dark eating away at me. It felt... like an invader, something foreign. But at the same time there was this spark of light, a spark of... it's hard to describe. A point of brightness that was expanding. That was the new seed of the soul." He pauses, and adds, "And what I'm realizing now is that the two sensations
Cas looks a little puzzled, though, and he walks a little closer to the trailhead. There's a second sign there, a historical marker of some sort that has a lot more details, and they all crowd close to read it. It starts:
That was the theory, anyway. There was theory, and there was reality. Dean knew it was ridiculous how hung up he'd gotten on Cas in just a scant handful of weeks, but somehow it had happened, and now the whole thing seemed to have a momentum all its own. And despite knowing perfectly well that it "wouldn't go anywhere," just to get one more day walking over the tundra with Cas... one more time seeing the wolf pups with him... one more time under that limitless tundra sky, walking with Cas over the heather and lichen, hearing his tales of the wild animals and the birds.... even just one more day would be worth it. Even if all they did was check bird nests or stick pink flags in the ground.
Cas gave a grudging nod. "But it doesn't look that way to her. And she doesn't even know why, or what I was trying to accomplish. She doesn't know about Lucifer or the Apocalypse. All she knows is that her whole life was destroyed. By me. And, Dean, these last few months, she's been such a good d—" Cas stopped.
The baby parrot seemed very comforted by the flannel shirt. It put its head down, tucked its stumpy wings in and nodded off almost immediately.
"Cas, they're gonna clip your feathers again, aren't they?" interrupted Dean. "That's why you're not excited about the molting. You're just gonna get clipped again, aren't you?"
"Take it easy," said Dean, removing the ice briefly to let Cas touch the sore spot. "You hit your head when you fell. Guess your little grace can't fully protect you yet?" Cas probed the spot gently and felt a swollen, sore area. With a cut. It felt like it was bleeding.
after he came here to wrestle back the Darkness. He was never seen in his usual form again after he gave Lucifer the Mark."
forget that particular piece of information, if you don't mind," she whispers back, as they finally get the cot into place against a side wall. "Okay, so, can you just flip that lever there and it'll flatten out—"
"I don't sense anything bad here," Castiel whispered. "I only sense... " He paused, for a long moment, gazing down at the room. Finally he said, "I have the feeling that this place has been waiting for a while. For you, I think. You and your brother."
She crosses her legs neatly at the ankle, and begins tapping her long red fingernails on the chair's upholstered arm. "Can't think
love this. Not that my ol' Baby out there isn't the best truck in the world, but, y'know...." He set his hands on his hips, taking in the sight of that sleek black muscle car. A wash, a polish, and she would pretty right up, wouldn't she? "Sometimes you need a car instead of a truck," he murmured, walking closer.
Dean set his iPad down on his sleeping bag with a sigh, looking around the dark bedroom. The rest of Sunday stretched ahead bleakly. Even the idea of running more canned food up to the mailbox today for Cas didn't hold its usual appeal, for the contrast between that image of Ruby rolling towards Sam, and Dean's own quiet little empty bedroom (and the memory of Castiel walking away across the snow) was getting a little hard to bear.
And so I picked cancer as the worst challenge they could face. Many of you have asked if I had personal experience with cancer. At my age the answer has to be "of course". My sister especially, who had two serious cancers in a row; both my grandmothers, a work colleague who went in for an MRI for some hip pain and came out half an hour later with a diagnosis of terminal metastatic pancreatic cancer, another work colleague who was diagnosed during the writing of this fic and is in radiation right now. Many of the specific medical details were also drawn from my time working in hospitals (I used to work in human health, ages ago.) As for me, I have not been through chemotherapy myself (not yet I mean!) but I had not one but five cancer scares during the last couple years. Four of the five potential cancers have either been removed or turned out not to be malignant after all, but all were scary. One resulted in discovery of an inoperable aneurysm that apparently could pop and kill me at any moment, but as it causes no pain and nothing can be done about it, I've decided to ignore it. The fifth potential cancer is still undiagnosed (I'm scheduled for more MRIs in a few more weeks). Que será, será; I'm getting old, and you get to a point where you just feel each bullet whiz by, and as the initial panic fades as you begin to accept that inevitably one of the bullets will eventually hit you, but you just keep on every day putting one foot in front of the other.
A tiny, breathless moment of silence stretched out in the little room, as they gazed at each other, and Dean thought,
... for so long, that this would drive you away. And I..." His voice had fallen into a whisper. "I cannot lose you, Dean. I can't. I just can't."
The "Princeton guy" was a famed ecologist who'd been doing work in Greenland and was only briefly visiting Kupaluk. Everybody was interested to hear what was going on with the tundra in Greenland on the other side of the pole, and Castiel perked up noticeably at the mention of Greenland, setting his fork down quietly as the seminar started. "I've worked there," he whispered to Dean. Cas rearranged his chair and they were soon sitting side-by-side, cowboy style, both leaning on their chair seatbacks. Sam soon joined them, pulling up a third chair on Dean's other side; it turned out he wanted to be near the door so he could dart outside now and then to check on Ruby.
The movie started. Dean had decided to start off with the two Captain America movies, which were among his favorites. But he soon found he couldn't concentrate on the screen at all. Cas, for his part, was lying rigid, hands wrapped tensely around his beer bottle, staring at the ceiling. In fact Cas seemed to be barely breathing.
Sam just gives him a very confused look, and Dean says, "I'll go make the popcorn." As soon as Sam turns his attention back to the screen Dean scampers out of the room. The half-hard-on has pretty much vanished by now anyway, wilting away in the flood of confusion that's running through Dean now, but Dean takes some pains to keep his back to Sam nonetheless.
, probably. He should've been studying the book more... he should've talked to Cas about all this. Clearly Cas thinks that whatever mistake Dean's just made is charming, like it's not a bad thing or anything, but has Dean totally misunderstood Chapter 6 somehow? Face a little heated, he swallows and grabs
about this sort of illness, Mother, and you damn well know it. You're always going on about how you're a 'natural' witch—" (he adds exaggerated finger quotes) "—how you're
Slowly both Cas's hands slide to the front of the waistband. Slowly both hands slide under it, and he pulls the elastic waistband out, extending it so far toward himself that Dean's tugged over toward him and has to take a step closer to keep his balance. This puts them closer still, so close Dean can feel the warmth coming off of Cas's skin. And as Dean settles his hands on Cas's shoulders and leans his forehead against Cas's, both Cas's hands wrap around Dean's cock. He gives it a gentle, warm, long squeeze, and three or four tantalizing, slow tugs. But he still doesn't lower the sweatpants; instead he returns the elastic waistband right back where it had been before (just above Dean's cock), steps back a few inches, raises both hands to his face, and slowly, slowly licks each of his palms, with what seems excessive use of tongue. He holds Dean's eyes the whole time.
"Claire, you've spoken to him before, haven't you?" Jimmy said, the clues coming togeher. "The other morning, on the phone? You said it was your play you were practicing. But it wasn't, was it?" Another detail came clear: "You didn't practice your play at all. That's why play-practice went badly tonight, didn't it? It was George Bailey you were talking to all along, wasn't it?"
They all stare at Cas's open — and empty— and, and he looks at it too, with a slightly surprised look. "I don't know," he says. "It was knocked out of my hand."
He tightened his hands slightly on Cas's shoulders, and stroked his fingers gently back and forth along Cas's shoulderblades. Nothing was visible there now, and Cas's shoulders felt perfectly normal — the skin warm now, and soft, the muscles underneath pliable and strong. Yet was there still maybe the faintest hint of something else? A warmth in the air just above Cas's shoulders, a sensation of something... something other, something large, some other set of muscles, maybe. Something... feathery? Cas looked so human, he seemed so human....
Dean recognizes her at once. Partly because she's wearing a totally weird outfit. But mostly because she alone, of all the bustling people here, is standing absolutely still, and she's looking right at Dean.
After a startled moment of staring blankly at the receiver, Dean lunged for it. There were several people in camp who had these yellow transmitters. Ryan had one, Shelly had one, Phil had one, and the Cornell team had one. And Cas, of course, had one. He'd watched Dean use the transmitter just days ago, using it to send that one pricey text to Ryan. Dean hadn't pressed the red lat/long emergency button that day, but Cas certainly knew where that button was, and what it did.
"As hard as that is to believe," put in the taller guard, "I suppose it might actually be true, because you certainly don't have much else to offer."
The food-storage nook on the other side of the cave turned out to be not magical at all; it simply used the natural permafrost. It was positioned near the front of the cave where a pocket of permafrost-tundra nosed its way close to the granite of Topaz Mountain, and it had a small dug-out area that extended down into the permafrost soil, like a natural chest freezer. There were a dozen of glass jars here filled with frozen blueberries and cranberries, along with a few strings of whole frozen fish and a small collection of dried meats, while some dried potatoes hung from leather strips overhead. But it wasn't really that much food. Cas had indeed been very low on stores. Near the entrance of this little alcove was a neat stack of canned goods — all of it cans that Dean had donated — and after a rapid inventory, Dean concluded that his recent contributions had nearly tripled Castiel's available food.
The worst thing about it wasn't just that there was a body in the car. Or the fact that Sam had to drive alone in the front seat. (Dean had insisted on climbing into the back seat with Cas's body "so he won't be alone when he wakes up.") Or how long the drive was. The worst thing wasn't even the part when Dean wouldn't even let Sam get onto the highway at all till they'd first found a little dirt crossroards, to try the crossroads spell.... which nobody replied to. (Dean tried the spell three times. And waited an hour. And then he'd spent another twenty minutes praying to every angel he could think of. There was no answer.)
Dean's fault for getting suckered into Jack's bright-eyed innocent-son act. Dean's fault for getting attached. Dean's fault for letting Jack cloud his judgment.
One of the med staff outside pulled the curtain halfway open and whispered, "Hate to interrupt you, but we've got to come in for the x-rays now."
The challenge of keeping Cas going like this has Dean thrilled almost beyond belief. He's barely even aware that his own hips are pumping slowly against the edge of the mattress; all his attention is on Cas, as he slowly sets the feather right back on Cas's cock and whispers hoarsely to Cas, "
"What I mean is," explained Cas, setting a hand on Dean's shoulder, "Earth itself exists in all five of those planes. If you stand on Earth and go to the etheric plane,
Cas said, "We were, uh...." He glanced at Dean, and found that Dean suddenly had a slightly desperate look in his eyes. Dean's hand had tightened on Cas's arm.
Sam looks completely unfazed. But Dean recognizes his tone of voice, and even the way he's moving: Sam's gone into his well-practiced victim-soothing mode. It's the same way he talks to traumatized witnesses and shell-shocked family members. It's got to be an act right now, of course, at least partly — because the hesitation and worry that were all over Sam's face just a minute ago, outside by the Impala, are totally hidden now. (Though they must still be there, somewhere, under the surface.)
Cas had to pull his blade in the end, to get the fifty dollars. He didn't have to use it, but he had to show it. It worked, and Cas counted the bills carefully as the man stumbled away in a panic. Fifty dollars. At last. Enough for a burger, and enough to reactivate the phone. The phone with the phone number Dean had. At last.
Then Sam's gone and Dean's in the ambulance next to Cas. The EMTs have positioned Dean right at Cas's head, where he can hold Cas's gaze and keep talking to him. There's what seems a
And there was also something wonderful about knowing he was in the same kind of body that Dean was in. It made Cas seem more... accessible.
Marcos nodded. He said, "Oshossi is very fond of sweet potato fries. I'll take care of it." Sam thanked him one more time and ran off the porch.
God actually ended up much more benevolent than I was originally planning, fond of his Creation and the "bunny rabbits" that invaded his Mona Lisa. I was originally thinking he'd be more standoff-ish and distant, unconcerned with humanity, but he turned out to be pretty friendly, didn't he?
"They really are," agreed Cas. "But, truly, they're all so curious and inquisitive and really quite good company. The birds are great, Dean, and the wolves, their pups are so charming. But the
"Not much," said Jimmy, glancing up at her. "He was quite... cryptic. He and his brother left very quickly." He stood, holding the glass pieces, Claire scrambling up next to him.
"What are they like?" said Dean. "These Raphael and Michael dudes? I mean, how would you describe them?"
It took over four hours. By the end, Cas, or Cas's vessel at least, was neatly stitched up, with long tidy lines of hundreds of stitches holding all the flayed skin perfectly in position. The terrible wounds at the wrist had been carefully cleaned and bound. Dean had even picked all the buckshot out from the damaged leg, and had splinted the leg. There was a neat bandage across the worst bruise on Cas's cheek, where it looked like he'd been struck by something hard; and several tiny little butterfly band-aids on some little cuts here and there. Each little butterfly band-aid was placed precisely.
"No," said Cas, his big dark head lowered to inspect the picture. “That's not Saturn. That's not one of Saturn's moons. And I have never seen these creatures before, these squids with the flags. But look at this picture here." With one talon he tapped a portion of the tapestry near his own feet. It showed a walled city high on a hill, decorated with tiers of lovely little gardens, with flowering vines cascading from one terrace to the next. "This is from Earth," Cas said. "This is — or was — Babylon."
"It's okay, Dean. He'll forgive you. I swear it. Look, I'll come up there with you. I'll help you change the sheets, okay?"
"I think so," Cas said, nodding, and Dean helped him wobble down the hall toward the library. Toward the tree.
Cas rolled his eyes. "Yes, yes, very funny. But just stay out of God's throne, would you? Just STAY PUT. And DO NOT DESTROY THE UNIVERSE. For an entire minute.
The next morning, Dean's doing his first daily check of the John Doe registry (he checks three times a day now) and as usual there's a few new entries. "Four new John Does today," says Dean to Sam, who's sitting across the table doing his own morning check of the news websites.
Azazel seemed to have decided it was time to take action. He burst into view at the far side of the lot, where he paused to pose dramatically between two trailers, great furry paws braced wide, and he let out a thunderous growl. Then he strode right past the dining hall (where Ryan, Shelly and a shocked clump of students were now crouched in the doorway, transfixed by the battle). Ryan, to his credit, fired the rifle several times at the bear, but it didn't even pause. Its eyes seemed riveted now on Castiel. The bear let out a rumbling growl. It broke into a steady trot toward them.
," Sam repeated. He looked over at Gabriel and Cas, who were both kneeling over Balthazar now (who seemed to still be alive, though clearly in need of assistance). Sam let out a long, slow breath at the sight of their wings — Cas's half-length black wings, which still were arced out broadly in what seemed to be a high-adrenaline aggressive posture, and Gabriel's much longer white wings, one folded up tightly and the other leaking both blood and silver light as it dragged in the snow. Both of Balthazar's wings were on full display too, white wings splayed out helplessly in the snow, the snow steaming around his feathers as the two other angels tried to do something about the silver light streaming from Balthazar's awful chest wound.
"Wait!" called Jimmy, too startled to stop him. "I don't even know your name!" But Not-George was already out in the parking lot, and he already had the door of the black car open, slinging his bag in the back seat while Jimmy was still scrambling out of the room. In moments Not-George was in the driver's seat. The car door was already closing, the engine firing up.
Cas gave a little shrug. He opened his eyes and dropped his hand down to his side, frowning down at the bloodstained carpet. "Not really. I do still have a small grace, but it's still very low on power. But sometimes I do sense things. There's sort of a trail in the air. It reminds me a little of..." He paused.
Dean could read between the email-lines as well as anyone. He knew this could be a good thing for Sam. Potentially a really good thing. It'd been a pretty long time since his kid brother had really been with anybody, at least in terms of any kind of real relationship. (Not that Dean was doing any better himself, actually, but he still had hopes for Sam.) The fact that Ruby was technically his supervisor was possibly a little borderline, but Sam seemed happy enough. Maybe Dean ought to be cheering Sam on, pushing him forward, giving him advice. Like, Dean
It shattered on a flagstone. It shattered completely, into a thousand tiny pieces, and a swirl of bluish-white light leapt into the air.
"Maybe it's a way to chain an angel in one place," said Sam. "And keep him down on Earth. Keep him harmless, keep him from knowing who he is. Tie his grace down too, but not
So that poor Cas doesn't end up crawling on his hands and knees again in the gravel at the side of the road, as helpless as a wounded dog.
"Me too," said Sam, his voice tight. Dean shot a look at him; it hadn't been that many hours ago that those celestial dragons had nearly roasted Sam alive. The pain of it must still be fresh in Sam's mind.
He rushed out onto the broad lawn, clutching his brother tight. Little Sammy wasn't crying anymore; he seemed to know, too, that something truly terrible was happening. The monsters from the fairytales were here, the beasts from under the bed, the nameless things that Dean had always known would come.
"Yep," said Sam, nodding, with his hands on his hips. "There's ten total and I figured out four. I guess the others must be Oz and fairyland and... who knows what else." He gestured around at the whole set of posters again. "But it's ten realms, all in all. He even numbered them one through ten. He made Heaven number one."
How had Castiel missed it? How had he believed so hard that Dean was human that he’d managed to make Dean actually
“How do you know?” Castiel managed, as Dean tilted his head back, eyes upward, clearly trying to take in the latest disaster.
“Yuh-huh. Wait for it. Castiel will show you in a second. Okay, so we’ll have run the VT showing the audition, blah blah blah - Castiel, could you get behind your mic, honey - right. And Dean, you’ll hear Castiel say…”
This was happiness, deep as pain. Hot like a sun. He caught Dean’s eye and smiled, and Dean smiled back.
“No – wait –” Dean said. This time, Castiel didn’t pause. He walked away, and he didn’t look back. Not even for a moment.
They walked on down the aisle and then crossed into the next one, discussing whether they should get savoury snacks or stick with the cookies, and debating whether they should pick up some fruit to counteract the amounts of sugar they were preparing to ingest, or possibly even something more nutritious and substantial, an actual meal - possibly too ambitious, Cas said. They were zigzagging back and forth across the store in a gentle meander as they lazily declined to make up their mind in any kind of hurry. After a full hour, they had a basket full of sweet things, a box of grapes, and a pizza; Dean thought that would do it. They checked out, with Cas insisting on paying, and then left the store.
“I just wanted you to be taken care of,” Gabriel said. “And to have someone to take care of. Something that wasn’t your work to care about. I was worried about something happening, something like – like what happened at Angelus. And when it did, I thought you’d have Sarah, and when you told me she’d broken up with you I kept thinking about it, and now – now I find out that you went through the whole thing pretty much alone.”
"Uh… well, I thought I'd just do another quick round. I didn’t even get to tell you about what happened the other day in the Underlight. There was a lawyer down there, Sammy. A lawyer in a suit that had to cost a crapton, who apparently was there the week before, too. Something’s up with that. I wanna go look at the building she came out of. See if I can figure out ."
The teen singer, Patience, went out on stage; she looked even younger on camera, bright-eyed and nervous. Her voice sounded just as great as Dean remembered, though, and the video cut out before she started to get pitchy towards the end. Next came Meg, with her confidence and her moves. She was making eye contact with the camera as she sang; Dean hadn’t even realised where the cameras were. When Dean won, she must have lost her mind, Dean thought. She was a pro.
“Yes,” Castiel agreed. He sat up, and looked about him. He wasn’t at the edge of the Samarbeid anymore – it looked as though they were deep among the trees now that he looked around, and when he glanced over his shoulder, he went still.
The part of Castiel that remembered being without pain thought of every story he’d ever heard, every cliche he’d ever rolled his eyes at, that showed hurt people pushing other people away. The memories of his eye-rolling felt naive. The pain ringing through Castiel, every grinding nerve and aching part of him, agreed with the revenant.
“Cas,” Dean says, and then seems to be at a loss. Castiel doesn’t say anything. There isn’t anything to say, so far as he can see.
Instead, Castiel looked down at the ground. He was just a few steps away from where the leafy carpet ended, and became flat undisturbed earth.
Ugh. Charlie was going to be absolutely crowing that he’d actually thought about it, like she’d asked.
“No, it’s fine,” Sam said over her, his voice crackling through Dean’s laptop speakers. “I actually just got an email I should answer. Go ahead.” He sank back into his phone with an expression of concentration.
Castiel thought. Dean’s brother. The one Dean had said was nearby. The one Jess had said she loved, too – the one whose pain she had woken up to take away. This was him.
And now into the chorus, which was always hard on his throat in the shower, and he’d never sung this song outside of the shower, so he had no idea if it was going to break -
“Yeah. She always did. You remember, Ellen Harvelle? She came in and gave us all that talk about how to deal with bad publicity.”
Dean turned to stare at the stage. The backing track was playing a soft instrumental guitar, the figure of Cas standing alone and unmoving on stage.
“Charlie?” Dean said, and tried the door handle, but it was locked. He raised his voice. “Charlie, it’s me. Let me the hell in, right now.”
“I just… I thought - I thought we were - like, I had a good time last night,” Dean managed, salvaging a bare minimum of sense out of the wreck of his thoughts.
Castiel fell silent. The moment hung awkwardly. The politeness with which they’d treated each other so far through the morning, a courteous mutually-agreed-upon illusion, splintered.
Castiel woke up on the day of Dean’s wedding in his room at the Palace, hurting before he even remembered why. He wanted to throw up. He wanted to punch something. But he found himself, instead, sitting up very still in his bed, frozen, staring at the wall.
on air guitar for their trouble. The restaurant that always saved Dean a table in the window, because it served the best pie in town – the one where Dean had hoped to work one day, before he’d realised that being a Prince was a full-time job.
“So much criticism, from the man who forgot to take out the trash.” Castiel moved further into the kitchen, coming to inspect Dean’s handiwork in their fridge.
It was wooden, painted in a peeling dark brown and raised up off the forest floor. The porch out the front looked dirtier than it had in the pictures, and one of the windows in the upstairs rooms seemed to have been smashed. Castiel stared at it, and almost expected a flock of bats to come swarming out of the jagged gap.
“Here he is,” said a voice that still sounded a little thick with drink. Castiel blinked, and saw that in the car with him was the full list of invitees to the bachelor party. Dean was sitting all the way down the other end of the car, only the tense jaw behind his smile giving away that he wasn’t happy.
“Much appreciated.” Jody reached for one. “Listen, I need you to focus up, today. Cas might think you’re beyond amazing but I’m gonna need to see it. I know it probably feels like no big deal now when there’s just us here, but we’re gonna be putting on a big, big show on the thirtieth and I need you to be just as prepared and on it as any professional. People have paid good money for their tickets.”
Dean took a massive bite of burger, and let the juice dribble down his chin, a strand of lettuce trailing.
“What, so as far as you’re concerned this could be it, then, and that’s just how it is, is it?” Dean said.
“He’s okay?” she checked, and Castiel nodded. His eyes were starting to work, now, processing what he was seeing. Charlie was in her usual smart suit, and as Castiel watched her she lifted her wrist to her mouth. “Impala One has been located. I repeat, Impala One has been located. Stand down.”
Castiel tried to drift back into the darkness of sleep, where there was no headache and no roiling stomach and no taste of lime. Just him, and the vague awareness of Dean nearby.
Dean raised an eyebrow at the distinctly bad joke, but let it slide when he saw the dry expression on Cas’ face. He took another bite of his burger, and they ate for a while in companionable silence, occasionally catching each other’s eyes across the table and not quite smiling, but acknowledging each other in split-second moments of warmth. Dean had thought it might be strange to be out in public with Cas, trying to do some kind of date thing, especially since Cas himself had specifically told him about the horror he felt at the prospect of dating - but here they were, and it felt totally natural. Like they’d taken the big wide world and carved out the tiniest space in it just for them.
“Don’t want what?” Dean says, though, and Castiel feels his heart sink. “You’re human, now. And you’re stuck that way until you get your grace back, but you won’t even…” Dean seems to run out of words. Castiel tries to think of something to say to divert the conversation, take them down a different track.
“And…” Castiel says, but his throat goes dry. He can do this. He has to do this. If he doesn’t now, he never will. He tries again. “And… you?”
“I don’t know,” he said. Cas’ expression flickered, but he didn’t move. “I – you – Cas, Jesus, I don’t know how to do this.”
When Castiel thought it word-for-word, he had to admit it sounded at least equally, and maybe even a little bit less, far-fetched than some kind of impromptu wedding roleplay in the middle of a press event.
There was a flat circle hanging from the centre of the ceiling, on a piece of transparently thin thread. Approaching it, Castiel lifted up his hand – hesitated – and then touched it.
But The Refuge, Dean knew, wasn’t the bar and the lights and the dodgy microphone; The Refuge was the people. Every glitter-covered, feather-wearing one of them, beaming at each other and clapping each other and just enjoying being around each other in a way that Dean knew, for sure, was something he could only find right here.
“I’m Hannah, by the way,” they said, as they finished writing on their clipboard, tucked the pen behind their ear, and peeled a sticky label off a sheet. When they pressed it to Dean’s lapel, Dean twitched it upwards to read it.
Dean could feel his guts twisting. A part of him wanted to be very, very sick off the side of the building. But he held himself in check, jaw clenched, eyes hard. He kept replaying it in his mind, round and round. The moment he’d realised.
“You don’t have to say that,” Dean said gruffly, waving Castiel off. He turned back to shoot a murder-glare at Charlie. The last thing he needed, Dean thought, was the hottest teacher in the school being asked to pity-compliment him.
wanted to join the club and take part in the school play, because it had been a Western, and he’d wanted to wear a serape.
Maybe he should go and find Charlie, or Sam, or someone who could tell him what exactly he was supposed to be doing. No palace worker had come scurrying up to him to forbid him from slipping outside, so it didn’t seem like it would be completely the wrong thing to do – he probably wouldn’t walk right into the middle of a press event – but still, the last thing he needed today was to cause a scene and draw attention to himself. He was going to get through it by being the wallpaper, or the carpet underfoot. Not noticeable. Not talking. Just exactly where he had to be until it was over.
He said it jokingly, but when his gaze flicked back to Castiel’s face, his expression dropped. Castiel watched him, feeling Dean’s words needle at his anger. He held his temper in the same way he’d hold a white-hot and razor-sharp wire in his bare hand.
“Fair. Fair. Well, as it happens, I live across the river, so it works out just great. We could even stop by.”
There was a gentle clink from her bag as she drew out a large champagne bottle in one hand, and some glasses wrapped in paper in the other.
“I mean it,” Dean said. Meeting Cas’ eyes felt like a rekindling of their warmth, their electric magic connection. “Let’s go.”
“My turn,” Castiel said to the hard-hat who had been speaking. Someone from legal, they’d said. “May I have your name?”
“You pretend to yourself that you’re just keeping it private, but deep down you know that really, you’re keeping it secret. There’s a world of difference. And you’re keeping it secret because you’re hoping to make it be not real. And when you try to convince yourself that a whole part of you isn’t real… and doesn’t matter, and doesn’t need to be shown to anyone or told to anyone, or really admitted even to yourself...” He trailed away. For a few moments, they stood in silence in Dean’s blank-wall apartment with only the hum of the oven for company, looking around.
It felt right to think of Dean, and feel an ache go all the way through him. As though his whole body clenched. As though his bones were trying to speak. Intense, and good, and bad. Dean, who sat next to him on the porch. Dean, who had run towards him with so much desperation in the forest, who had called his name so rough and raw when he’d thought Castiel was hurt. Dean, who didn’t trust him to stay. Dean who made him laugh. Dean who had learned more about him in a few days than any of his city friends had known in years. Dean who looked at him, looked at him like
“Here he is,” Charlie said, when Castiel arrived back in front of their hotel. The heat of the day wasn’t stifling, it was murder. Castiel melted into the car that was waiting for him with the door open, followed by Charlie’s assurances that his things had all been packed for him.
They stepped out of the airport building and onto the tarmac, the sun glaring down at them. Castiel squinted, looking over at Garth as they walked the short way to the private airplane ready to take them home.
Goddammit. He’d made the call. He’d come this far. He was sick of feeling guilty and panicky over this. He just wanted it done, one way or another, this thing - this lie, this secret - that had been hanging over him way too heavily for way too long. It was time for it to be enough. Time for it to be over.
“There you are,” said a voice, and through the door of The Refuge came Jody, followed by Hannah, who was followed more loosely by Charlie. Dean glanced over them all, and then back at Cas, who seemed to want to say something to him but without words, using nothing but the foreign land of his face, his eyes.
He went to cross the road, and a car gave a screech as it swerved suddenly to avoid him. The driver made a few different gestures at him through the window, and Dean held up a hand in apology.
“What is happening?” Castiel said with feeling, rolling upright. He pushed a hand through his bedhead.
Cas was clearly enjoying his burger, savouring it, and Dean finished his meal first. He spent the time looking around the restaurant and glancing occasionally at Cas - not wanting to make him feel supervised as he ate, but also unable to keep his eyes away for long. He didn’t want to pick up his phone and disengage from their time together, even though Cas’ singular focus seemed to be the melty American cheese dripping off his burger; he just wanted to sit here and try to soak in where he was, right now.
“Exactly. If it hadn’t changed anything back in the city, you would’ve kept sending me on those dates.”
Dean Winchester again. The press of his lips, and then the look in his eyes when he’d so flippantly said,
