He’d moved as far from New York as he could after the battle. He poured money into the cleanup, but he didn’t want to see any of it. That was why he had his heart fixed, so he would not be reminded of his fear every time he took his shirt off.
The next day, Steve got a link from Tony to what appeared to be some sort of archive. He clicked on it and began to read.  His face turned pink then red. What ever this thing was, it was racy and about him and Tony!
“We left things – I left you in pain. I didn’t mean to hurt you so much. But I did it anyway. I – sorry isn’t enough.”
He went along, hauling Tony out and down the street to the smithy. When they got inside the door, Tony wrapped his arms around Steven’s neck and looked up into his eyes.
Steve wanted to kill him and kiss him, but mostly, he wanted that dirty mouth on him. He nodded silently and moved the pillow away. His erection had not flagged in the least.
The sheriff went to the saloon for a bite to eat and to check on things just before the storm hit. He sat at the table he almost always sat at, looking over at the bar to see if Tony was there.
Tony decided to date and he went out with several starlets nearly young enough to be his daughter. They expected sex with a billionaire playboy and that’s what they got.
Stark was sitting at the bar drinking coffee when Sheriff Rogers arrived at 8am. He looked as Steven came in the door.
“You should, but I want you to stay. I – looking at you makes my skin burn, just like it did before. I can’t promise anything, but I want to fuck you worse than I’ve wanted anything since I could remember.”
That was why Iron Man still existed. It was easier for him to make a suit to fight evil than to admit how badly the things that happened in New York had freaked him out. He barely slept and he jumped at every mention of New York, even when little kids mentioned it.
He was still surprised when Steve reached down for his hand as they walked along. They walked back home hand in hand, neither saying a word. They didn’t need to.
It was all hurried and frantic, but Steve was buried inside him only minutes later. He’d feared it would hurt more than it did, but Steve had prepared him, albeit quickly. Tony lay on his back, legs high, with Steve in his arms. The pain was gone as soon as he got used to the stretch and he met Steve’s thrusts into the tight space between them.
Steve found sleep a little more elusive. He wondered if he’d just made the biggest mistake of his life. Neither he or Tony were going to last long in a town like Timely. He wasn’t sure his heart could stand any more breaking, if something happened to Stark.
“It’s dangerous for you to be here. Ross is looking for any excuse to send you to the Raft, or worse.”
Tony dropped to his knees beside the bed. He looked up into Steve’s face, then down at his cock. He licked his lip and dipped his head, moving up and down to wet Steve more. Steve opened his legs a little farther and pushed his hips upward, going a little deeper into Tony’s mouth.
“I have a meeting at 10:30. I – we – I don’t want to leave you, Tony,” Steve finally managed to say.
They got up and Tony noticed Steve grab a vial of something from his jeans pocket before they walked naked (or nearly so) into Tony’s bedroom. “Confident, weren’t you?”
It was good. The food was delicious and plentiful, a prerequisite for Steve. The atmosphere was fun as well.
“Then do it, sheriff. Kiss me.” There was challenge but there was also need in Tony’s words. It was the need that got to Steven.
“I never looked as dapper with a beard as you. I was mostly just shaggy,” Steve said as he shaved Tony’s cheeks above his beard.
Steve dropped to his knees in front of Tony, taking him into his hand and leaning close to taste him.
“She had enough of the superhero thing with the Extremis and Killian. She needed a break from me, I guess.”
He’d love to have been the one who gave him all those little bite marks and little hickeys. He groaned out loud when he wondered if there were marks on his thighs, his abdomen, elsewhere. What would it feel like to bite him, feel him tremble and beg?
This went on for weeks, then months. The sheriff began to wonder if it had actually been some sort of alcohol drenched hallucination, after all. There were days he questioned his own sanity.
Tony nodded and Steve carefully did just that, using the scissors in the drawer. When he finished, he gently touched Tony’s face. “I can’t do your hair. That’s beyond my skill set.”
“You can use the secret elevator if you want,” Tony told him. “Yeah. There’s a secret elevator that goes all the way to the garage with no other stops. It was designed so I could move about in a stealthy way.”
“God!” Steve moaned as his thrusts became erratic and he lost his hard rhythm. Pleasure washed over him as he came in Tony’s grip, Tony coming only seconds behind him as they held one another close.
Tony couldn’t believe this was happening and so fast. Steve was all hands and kisses as they landed on his bed. Tony tugged at Steve’s belt just as Steve rubbed him through his own trousers. He could feel the warmth of Steve’s hand through the fabric and he pressed against it.
Steve smiled at him, that devastatingly handsome smile that women were crazy about. “I do that before you get up, too.”
It was afternoon when woke again. He dragged himself to the shower and drank some water and then some coffee.
“Can I tell you a secret?” Tony said as if it didn’t matter at all to him. “I had a crush on you when I was a kid, too.”
“Why?” Tony handed the pot to Steve. “Get me ready. I’ve been thinking about this for months. Haven’t you?”
He was, drinking from a glass tonight. That was unusual. Tony looked over at him and nodded hello. Did he really not remember their night together? Was it possible?
Over the next few weeks, the sheriff found all sorts of excuses to have Stark help him out during the day. He also found himself wondering how it felt to kiss those lips, to hold Stark in his arms. He was beginning to not only like Tony, but he was also starting to want Tony. He’d been alone way too long.
Steve decided that he might give sobering Stark up a try, since Timely, itself, wasn’t enough of a lost cause for him. He figured if he kept Stark busy helping him, he’d have no chance to get drunk.
“Then don’t tell him. Aggravating Barton is one of the joys of my life,” Tony told him. “Come over here and see what you think about this fabric for a new Cap suit,” he said to Steve.
Tony shivered. Steve looked up at him and Tony saw no pity, no revulsion. He saw desire and he saw love in that steady blue gaze. Steve kissed the middle of the circle then moved his kisses farther out, to nip at Tony’s nipples then downward until Tony moaned out loud and grabbed the sheet in his hands.
Steve reached for Tony’s hand and squeezed it as he looked over at Tony. He grinned and Tony thought he looked so young.
“Wanna go for a walk?” he asked the other man, not even sure he could stand, much less walk. He’d not had this much to drink in a long while, not since the war.
“More than the one you stole when you fought Barnes. It’s lighter but stronger. I think you’ll like it.”
Friday night came and Steve met Tony in the garage. Steve handed Tony the spare helmet and off they sped. They ended up at an authentic railcar style diner from the 50s. It had been moved to New York from another place and was owned and operated by an actual chef, but it still served classic burgers, fries and shakes from the 50s.
The next shave was done by his barber, who came by to cut his shaggy hair. Tony was looking more like himself but he was still a bit of a scarecrow, he thought as he looked at the haunted face in the mirror. He’d gained a few pounds and was eating mostly normal food now, though Rhodey was still making him drink those horrid protein shakes every day.
“Oh?” Steve’s mouth went dry. He’d thought of doing just that too many times over the last few weeks. Was Tony asking him? He knew he had to tread carefully.
Steve’s hands were shaking when he pulled his fingers free and rubbed some of the lubricant on himself. He wasn’t sure he’d ever wanted anyone this badly. He wasn’t sure he’d ten seconds either. “Turn over, I want to see your face.”
The only thing he had was a small jar of petroleum jelly. He found it quickly by the bed and opened it as Tony rolled over onto his belly. Steve kissed the small of his back, letting his tongue drag into the crack of his sweet ass. Tony moaned as Steve let his tongue wander all the way to his tiny, puckered hole. He licked the rim until it was wet then pressed his tongue slowly into the ring of Tony’s asshole.
“The sap, walked out with a palm print across the face and a new fond appreciation of privacy. I am certain, he learned not to enter any dressing room without knocking again.”
“YES! Don’t worry Bruce. I will make you a special drink that will relax you right up.” Clint exclaimed as he began mixing drinks for the rest of the team, handing them out when he finished.
Tony smirked and reached for Steve’s swim trunks. “May I?” He asked and Steve nodded, leaning back on his elbows and lifting his hips to help Tony drag the fabric down his body. Tony didn’t bother making it a show this time, pulling the material down Steve’s body as quickly as possible and tossing it somewhere across the room.
“Now, tell me what new update were you thinking for my suit? Because there is no way in hell that Sam and Clint are going to have better weapons than I am.”
“He’s got you there.” Natasha steps into the hallway from behind Clint. She walks past them both, high-fiving Thor.
“What the hell was that?” Clint asks as he joins the group. “Were any of you paying attention when Agent Henderson ran the course or were you all too busy fucking around to care?”
Tony opened his mouth and Steve elbowed him before he could verbalize that he didn’t mind if the other guy came out to join the party. As much as they had all learned to deal with and actually like the Hulk, they were on vacation and they wanted Bruce to relax and a big part of that meant keeping the Hulk at bay.
“That is the last time you agree to a drinking contest with a god.” Natasha chastised Clint as she led him up the stairs.
“False.” Natasha states as she looks around for the waitress to order their drinks. “He didn’t need me at all. He clearly did his homework, practically made the sales person cry and threatened to sue at least 10 times. I was very proud.”
“Anything else I can get for you, sir?” She asks Steve and Peggy snorts. The waitress is around Steve’s age, maybe a little younger. Her blond hair is in a loose bun and she is batting her eyelashes at Steve.
“That means yes.” Supplied Natasha, earning a laugh from Bruce and Steve and a snort from Clint. Thor seemed too preoccupied with the mead to even notice and Tony – well Tony was having what seemed like a shouting match with Jarvis across the room.
“Don’t worry Cap, it’s not going to be anything crazy, it’ll just be us.” Tony promised, trying to reassure the super soldier with a small smile and a pat on the back. Steve relaxed at his touch and nodded. He moved to help with the bags before he did anything stupid, like lean in to kiss the man.
“Yeah, he and Pepper left about 10 minutes ago.” Bruce answered and they both jumped when they heard a commotion coming from outside the kitchen, making Sam laugh at their reaction.
He gasps, coming back to himself. His head is pounding again but he remembers. He doesn’t want to become his father. He promised himself – promised his dream team? – that he wouldn’t.
“With all do respect, sir. Why is this guy such a priority for S.H.I.E.L.D.?” Coulson recognized the agent as Warren, one of Agent Hard’s recruits.
“There was an attempt on Senator Brandt and his family this morning.” Hill hands Coulson a file, moving to pull up more information on the laptop closes to her. “We have no definitive chatter yet, but we think it was her.”
“Yo, guy. You in there?” The bar tender waves a hand in front of his face. “You want a drink or not?”
“Excuse me?” Rhodey asked, putting his own slice of pizza down. “What do you mean you aren’t going to sign the contracts?”
Bruce stumbles and drops the bottle onto the floor. The bottle shatters, shaking Bruce from his trance like state. What the fuck was that?
“Long enough to piss off our waitress from the looks of things.” Steve laughs and calls for her to bring the check. The waitress looks frustrated and slightly angry, they were probably making too much noise for her liking.
Steve groaned loudly and let himself fall back onto the bed when the first finger entered him. The billionaire continued to suck him while he worked him open with his finger, adding a second lubed up finger almost immediately.
“Okay talk.” She demanded as she strode over to where he was going over SI schematics from the last five years.
Peggy’s laugh is infectious and Steve can’t help but laugh with her. Most of the patrons still in the diner have turned to look at them but Steve can’t find it in himself to care.
“Keep your eyes open. Something isn’t right.” Steve called out and hoped to high heaven that no one – Tony – did anything stupid, like go into the situation head first and without backup.
“Everyone is to be on comms at all times, and keep your eyes peeled for Beckett or the Purple Man.” Coulson called out as they shuffled out of the quinjet.
Bruce took a few breaths and looked out the window, he wasn’t sure why but he felt strange today, he felt lonely. It wasn’t an unusual feeling for him but today he felt lonelier than usual. He hadn’t felt this lonely since the day he lost Betty.
“Sure Tony, whatever lets you sleep at night.” Steve teased before closing the curtain on the billionaire.
“Really? Well I’d have to ask Thor to help me out with that one of these days.” Steve remarked in a teasing tone.
“Tony,” Steve starts and reaches to place a hand on Tony’s arm, “its fine. It’s actually really sweet that you cared enough to forget I have super healing.”
“Oh here we go!” Clint chimed in and came up to Thor, patting the man on his back. “Ain’t no party like an Avenger party! Come on big guy. Bring the mead over to the bar so we can start serving these nice folks.”
The agent nodded and moved to his station, “And when we find him I don’t want to lose him again, is that clear?” He didn’t wait for a response and walked away.
“Howard! I am so sorry. I have no idea what-” Steve grabs a rag from the counter and hands it to Howard who yanks it toward his face with his free hand.
“Come on Cap, we’ve been here for hours and you are the only one without a swimsuit. Now come out here.” Tony replied in a somewhat impatient tone.
“What do you want?” Tony asked from above Steve, stroking his hands up and down Steve’s chest in what was supposed to be a reassuring motion but only made Steve shiver in anticipation.
They were almost to the water when Tony finally spoke. “So, is this vacation everything you thought it would be?” He asked with a smirk.
“Can’t do that, Cap.” Tony replied in a strained voice and Steve knew he was headed straight for where Beckett and the Purple Man had been spotted.
“Yes, sir.” Cap answered and ended the call as he relayed instructions to Jarvis to have Tony on standby and left to grab his shield.
As soon as Coulson had spotted them, he had seen the machine. He had seen the schematics before, knew the possibilities and he had to make it to the machine before it was activated. He had to shut it down. His team depended on him, at this point they were his family and he couldn’t lose them. He couldn’t lose Steve.
“Loki! Thor! That is enough.” Everyone in the room turned to look at Odin as he stood. “I don’t know what you two are fighting about today, but you will both sit down and join us for dinner or leave these chambers. Am I understood?”
Natasha raised an eyebrow, seemingly having heard the lie in Steve’s words and finally taking interest in the conversation.
He had been on the road for couple of hours until he saw a sign that declared that he was ‘Now Leaving Utah’ and ‘Entering Colorado’.
“Look I know you missed your date with Peggy and I’m sorry, but learning to dance isn’t the same as betraying her, it’s moving on with your life. She would want that.”
“I don’t know who he is Pep.” And he wasn’t lying. He didn’t know who Steve was. But that was no surprise. Right now, he didn’t know who he was either.
Tony stirred lightly behind him and shifted enough for Steve to feel the hard length of the other man pressing into his lower back. Steve felt a pang of arousal and shivered in Tony’s arms recalling the previous night’s events. Remembering how Tony had felt inside him, the words that seemed to leave the other man without his permission, each caress they shared, the tight grip on his cock as he came, and the wonderful sounds Tony made as he came inside of Steve.
“Yes downtown, Tony. You and Obie need to meet with General Ross about renewing the weapons contract and you know Obie hates when you’re late to meetings with the military.”
“Tony, we’re drunk, I don’t think we should be going anywhere.” Steve disagreed but got up to follow anyway.
Steve was surprised that they made it upstairs and into Tony’s bedroom without any of the others coming out to see what all the commotion was, but the thought quickly left his mind when Tony cupped him through his swim trunks and pushed him back against the bed.
“It was a mistake and I think we should just forget about what happened.” Steve didn’t wait for a reply and began to make his way out of the living room, only to stop when Thor placed a hand on his shoulder and squeezed until Steve turned to look at him.
Coulson received nods of acknowledgment from his agents, though one of them must have missed the memo since a single hand rose up from the back.
“Nothing- why would- uh nothing is wrong, Tony. Really.” Steve lamely replied, taking a drink of his coffee, feeling extremely guilty for lying.
Technically Bruce had everything he had always wanted when he came to New York. He had a nice apartment in an upscale neighborhood, he’s worked with NASA, Oxford, and achieved tenure at NYU by the age of 30. He was living the dream of every curious, ambitious scientist. The only thing missing, however, was the one thing he wanted the most, a family with Betty.
“At least nothing of importance, Mr. Stane. Will that be all Mr. Stark?” Pepper asked Tony, her face giving nothing away.
Steve laughed at that and turned to focus on Clint and Bruce who had started to argue. Not wanting to keep looking at Tony for fear of what he might confess.
“Are you kidding me?” Clint yells as yet another one of the trainees gets taken out on the course in the exact same place as the last 5 newbies. “Are any of them even trying?” He’s not talking to anyone in particular, but he knows more than a few Agents can hear him.
He could in theory go anywhere he wanted but he couldn’t help the nagging feeling that something was wrong, missing even.
“It’s a job in Malibu. It will be considerably rewarded.” Hammer answers and Natasha can almost see the smirk on his face.
“You can always come to me if you ever need anything.” Tony continued, a tint of color appearing to color his cheeks. “I’m here.”
“Umm. We should probably head back.” Steve felt his face heat and turned to look at the mansion as he spoke, taking another step away from Tony. “The others will get worried if we don’t get back soon.”
He’s beginning to wonder if it’s not such a bad thing for her to know. Maybe he should talk to someone about the visions, he’s been having.
“Rhodey and Pepper are the only ones who really know what really went down with Obie. They are the only ones who were caught in the crossfire. It’s hard for other people to understand just how hard everything was.” He starts tinkering again while he speaks and Natasha’s heart aches for the man. “I haven’t- Even after all these years, I don’t think I’m ready to open that can of worms yet. I know Steve – Look, I trust him, I do. I just wouldn’t know how to start.”
“Traitor. At least Steve is on my side, right Cap?” Tony placed his arm around Steve’s shoulders and pulled him to his side.
“Don’t tell me you want to go for a swim?” Steve asked as he went to stand closer to Tony - ready to stop the man if he tried to head into the water in his state - making sure to keep his own feet out of the water.
“Out of all the towns in this god forsaken country, Phil has to show up to this-” Clint cut himself off.
“Anthony, you have truly outdone yourself. This is a marvelous location.” Thor bellowed as he went up to hug Tony, lifting the billionaire off his feet.
Steve chuckled lightly and brought his hand down to tease the head of Tony’s cock with his fingers, earning another moan from the other man.
Steve pulled him into his arms before he could walk away. “You are, Tony.” He gave him another kiss and held his face in his hands. “I love you.”
Apparently they had all been waiting for Steve’s approval because as soon as Steve agreed and Tony opened the floor, everyone spoke up at once.
Tony turned back as soon as he finished the question. “No. Well, yeah, see – I mean – OK, here’s the thing.”
Fun Fact: I have no excuse for not having updated this fic before. I wrote this chapter in 2018, I am just terrible at finishing what I start I guess.
“I heard that.” Steve replied and looked at himself in the mirror. Sure this was how people dressed these days but he still felt naked, the piece of fabric didn’t seem to cover very much. “Are you sure there wasn’t anything else? Something a little longer and with more coverage?”
She looked over the files of her next mark – another business man – once more before making her way to his private estate. This was to be the simplest of the three jobs she was hired to do. She simply had to rig the house to blow and move on to her next mark. Simple.
Betty had gotten a very loud and apparently very necessary call from Jane at 4 am after the machine – the LITOS - she was currently working with received some interesting data that could “lead to a change in the way people travelled” – at least that is what Bruce could decipher from Betty’s end of the conversation. “Yeah, did she call you too?”
Clint is feeling restless. He is sure he is being watched. Last night, he went to the movies and saw a beautiful redhead across the street from the theater. He is sure he has seen her before. He doesn’t trust that this is all one big coincidence. He doesn’t trust that she isn’t working with S.H.I.E.L.D.
The two men lay there panting for a few minutes, too sated to even move into a more comfortable position. When Tony finally shifted he frowned down at the drying cum on their chests and moved to give Steve a light peck on the lips.
“Getting a bit slow Agent Romanoff, I got here a good 15 seconds ago.” Coulson teased Natasha and was awarded a glare. Coulson then pulled out two files and handed them to the assassins. “But never mind that, it looks like you’re in luck Agent Barton, you two have a job so I guess Cap won’t be finding out about yesterday’s little incident just yet.”
“Is everything alright?” Jarvis runs in, holding a vase out as a weapon. He pauses by the door, lowering the vase slowly when he sees the scene in front of him. “What happened?”
“If you need anything just ask Jarvis.” Tony continued. “Oh and just like in the tower, you all have your own rooms here so make yourselves at home.” Tony shouted over his shoulder as he began to walk inside. “Party starts at two by the pool. Don’t be late.”
“Well you didn’t show up to the meeting with General Ross last week and you haven’t shown your face around SI for a while either, and I just wanted to make sure everything was alright.” Obie smiled at him but there was something off about it, it made Tony wary about the older man. “The board isn’t too happy about you going MIA.”
Steve wondered where he had actually gotten the mead and how he had gotten it here. He didn’t even remember seeing Thor bringing any luggage.
Natasha and Clint had, however, not arrived empty handed. Steve had no doubt that with the Intel they gathered the team would be able to discover what was going on. Unfortunately, today probably wasn’t going to be any easier.
The fact that they had discovered the Wrecker among Beckett and the Purple Man – there was no other way of describing him – had raised several alarms in her mind. Surely the Avengers being called in to assist with the Wrecking Crew in New York was no coincidence. Going by the look Clint had given her, he came to the same conclusion.
Natasha climbed on his back and electrocuted him with her stingers before he reached him. “Thunderball is down.” She called out when Tony flew past them, “I got movement on the south side.”
“Sir, I’m going to have to ask you to leave. This is not a residential complex.” The guard looks at Bruce suspiciously and uses his radio to call for back up.
“Why do I have a feeling that drinking straight out of a bottle of tequila would be safer than a sip of this?” Bruce questioned Clint as he made his way out of the pool and toward the patio chairs.
“Okay.” Tony didn’t seem completely appeased but didn’t press further as he sat next to Steve and turned to Bruce. “So Bruce…”
“Tony.” Steve beamed as soon as he stepped out of the car. He went to stand by Tony’s side, resisting the urge to hug the smaller man. Tony had flown in two days earlier to make sure everything was ready and Steve had missed the man.
were the one that insisted breakfast be a team bonding activity right?” Tony asked in a tone he usually used when he was trying to make light of a serious situation.
He walks to a bar a few blocks from his place. It’s not the nicest spot he’s been to in a while, but it beats being home alone.
“He’s not.” Pepper shrugs and Tony gives her a crazy look. “He shouldn’t be in charge of the interns. According to my notes,” she pulls out her tablet and frowns, “wait a minute, this isn’t right. Interns were supposed to be under Harley’s obligations and this says- what the fuck. When did we let him go?”
Agent Hill seems stunned for a moment before shaking her head. “Right.” She turns and motions for Coulson to follow. He follows her to the back of their surveillance van and motions the techs inside to leave.
“Tony can eat an apple for now, plus I’m sure the interns will have some sort of breakfast ready at the office. Come on, we have a very important meeting to get to.”
“I’m all ears.” Bruce leans down to kiss Betty but she laughs again and moves out of the way before his lips could reach her.
Hill nods. “We thought so too, but the burner we recovered and surveillance at the Senator’s home say otherwise. It’s her, but for some reason, she didn’t go through with the job.”
“If I was a betting man, I’d say Canada is our best bet.” Coulson tells the team. “From what I have seen he tends to stick to colder locations.”
“Tony, you realize what this would mean for the company right?” She spoke softly, a worried expression on her face.
Steve woke up the next day on a soft bed, something warm pressed against his back. He shifted his head enough to see the warmth was Tony spooning him from behind, one arm thrown across his waist. Steve smiled at the thought of Tony having held him through the night and leaned into the embrace. He was extremely grateful that the billionaire hadn’t disappeared to his workshop – and if this was Tony’s house it was sure to have a workshop somewhere – in the middle of the night.
Tony saw a ray of light shooting up to the sky a second before Jarvis relayed the information about strange readings coming from the machine. He knew that if the machine was running, it was anything but good news.
It’s been a rough week – month - and Tony is sure it is going to get worse before it gets better. There is a small voice inside his head telling him that Obie is up to something.
Though shoe would like to take a vacation first, to try to take her mind off the life she has lived.
“I get it. None of us were around back then, and our lives are hard enough as it is. You have every right to keep certain things to yourself.” She considers leaving Tony to his thoughts but reaches out instead to squeeze the shoulder closest to her. “I just want you to know that you don’t have to keep it to yourself. We all have our demons, don’t think for a second that anyone on this team will ever judge you for yours. Especially Steve.”
Steve groaned at the back of his throat and began to pull Tony toward the house. “What are we waiting for?
“Has anyone ever told you guys you are too stressed?” Sam teased, earning an eye roll from Steve and a piece of orange to the face, courtesy of Bruce.
“Tony, you are not fine. I’ve never seen you like this. We should call a doctor or take you to the hospital or something.”
“Yes, you did.” Steve replied at the same time Clint cheered from across the room. “You definitely know how to throw a party Stark!”
“I’ve been going over the SI sales and contracts. Look I’m not sure how it happened or who is responsible, but my weapons are being sold to our enemies. American soldiers are being killed by the weapons I designed to protect them and I can’t let that happen.”
Tasha nodded and walked off without a question. Clint raised his eyebrows but followed along silently. If there was any information Tasha needed to share, she would no doubt do it when the time was right. He didn’t need to be sleeping with her to know that.
Steve wanted to protest but was cut off by Tony’s appearance at his side. “Wait, are we getting Cap here drunk?” Tony chuckled as he sat next to Steve. “I want in on this, make it three Barton.”
Steve laughs and accidentally knocks over a glass on the table. Luckily its empty and nothing spills onto the table. Peggy doesn’t seem to notice anything is amiss and continues with her story.
“Yeah there is, listen, what happened last night,” Steve blushed but forced himself to continue, “I was - I don’t really know what came over me. I mean I’m not - I don’t – what I mean is -”
“Alright, fine, why don’t we split up and look in these smaller tents first.” Fuck. Clint linked her better when she was distracted. “I’ll radio the rest of the team to spread out and block off the exits.
“Okay, listen up. Our intel tells us that Barton is hiding out with the carnival. Surely sticking to what he knows best.” Coulson directed his words at a newly graduated batch of agents. “We have been tracking this guy for months and he has narrowly managed to escape us each time. We cannot fail again.”
“Of course not, brother. Why would you think that?” Loki asks but there is a sense of falsehood in his words that Thor had never noticed before. He realizes with a jolt, that its always been there, Thor just never noticed. “Father and I were merely discussing-”
Steve could see Clint and Bruce already in the quinjet when he arrived, Tony and Thor not far behind.
Steve seemed to think this through before he finally spoke. “You’re probably right. If the Wrecking Crew was just a distraction then they are probably nothing more than the hired muscle.” Steve sighed, shaking his head. “Well whatever their plan is, it’s late and we’ve all had a long day. I think we should get some rest. We’ll regroup tomorrow and figure this out. Get some sleep.” Steve said that last part in his Captain America voice and slowly they all nodded and made their way to their sleeping quarters.
“Look, Cap is probably down in the gym right now with Sam. Maybe if you go down there before Coulson gets here and explain that it was an ‘
Tony groaned and resumed pounding into Steve, harder and faster than before. It only took a few more thrusts and he was coming, crying out Steve’s name. He collapsed on top of Steve and they laid there for a few moments, trying to catch their breath.
He half turned and joined a group of teens heading for the other side of the parking lot, he needed a ride.
Steve sighed in relief as the nurse took one last vial of blood and walked out of the room. He hoped this was the end of it and he would finally be allowed to leave – though at the moment he wasn’t really sure where he would go since he didn’t exactly have a home. He felt a sharp pain in his chest at the thought. He didn’t have a home. He knew he should be happy that he didn’t die and leave his friends but he couldn’t help but feel a deep sadness settle in his chest. What was he supposed to do now? How was he going to be able to survive this time without-
Natasha’s gaze is softer than her words and Sam looks away, allowing his friends to have a moment. Instead, he reaches for the pouch under Steve’s hands.
“That’s not- how is that possible?” Coulson asks, looking down at the file in his hands again. “This says it was an attempt assassination. Black Widow doesn’t leave loose ends. If this was her, Senator Brand and his family would be dead.”
“Really? Is that all I have to do to get him to leave me alone?” Tony asked Natasha and earned another elbow to the ribs from Steve.
“With our lives, can you blame me?” Steve replies and as if to prove his point their phones go off simultaneously. The Avengers are needed again.
“At ease soldier, the war is over.” Colonel Phillips said from the doctor’s side. “You saved the world. Now go out there and celebrate.” He patted Steve on the back and walked over to speak to Howard.
“Yes.” Steve replied, no hesitation in his voice. He wanted Tony more than he wanted to breathe. “Please.”
Steve shook his head, “No thanks, I’m not really hungry, just wanted a cup of coffee is all.” He walked to the coffee maker with his head down to avoid eye contact with his team members.
This time Bruce sighed loudly, interrupting his student. “I know you believe you understand what you think I said, but I am not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant."
“That would be me.” Killgrave spoke up as he stepped out from the shadows, making his presence known to the group of hired thugs.
One of the trainees coughs and raises her hand, like a freaking fourth grader, and Clint has to resist the urge to shoot someone.
“I love you too, Steve.” Tony grinned up at him then began to pull Steve toward the bathroom again. “Now that that’s out of the way, let’s go shower. We have a long day ahead of us. The beach is calling our names you know.”
“Yes.” Steve groaned. “Very much.” Licking his lips and staring at Tony hungrily. “Now come here so I can show you how much I like it.”
“God no, can you imagine? I’d be even more fucked up than I already am, if he was.” Tony pulls a few wires and grumbles under his breath when sparks shoot out from it. “That honor actually goes to my butler growing up, Edwin Jarvis. Steve actually met him a few times. I think if he could, he would go back in time just to thank him.” Tony chuckles.
Today, however, is one of those wonderful days where Pepper is taking it upon herself to attend meetings, fill out paperwork, and get Tony remote access to SI computers, while she lets him hole up in his workshop. Not that he needs her permission to do that, but – but he has it, so today is a wonderful day.
Dark, almost familiar eyes stare up at him from the page. The man’s sharp cheekbones, neatly trimmed goatee, and defined chin line remind Steve of the men who star in the feature pictures. Steve think’s his unruly hair, which is sticking up in various directions, is the only thing that separates him from any other movie star he has ever seen on screen. His eyes are dancing with mirth while his lips are turned up into a smirk. He looks – quite handsome.
ok. More than ok, even.” Tony answered, pressing his hips to Steve to show the man just how okay he was with the whole situation. Steve shuddered above him. “I’ve wanted to kiss you for months.”
Steve cut off the other man’s words with his lips. It took all of two seconds after Tony repeated his question for his resolve to break. Tony was asking why he hadn’t kissed him and Steve knew he couldn’t deny the man any longer.
“I can’t get drunk. There really is no point in me drinking.” Steve countered, it had been years since he last tried to get drunk but he remembered all too clearly how it hadn’t worked.
Tony gave him a breath taking smile, one Steve couldn’t help but return and made his heart skip a beat. Last night’s revelation still fresh in his mind.
He intends to stroll out of the tent and blend into the crowd before hot wiring the first car he can find, but voices outside the tent make him pause.
They were all in combat when they heard Coulson report that Beckett and the Purple Man had been spotted. Thor had already taken down the Wrecker and was currently assisting Iron Man while Hawkeye distracted Piledriver with exploding arrows for the Hulk to take down. Steve was momentarily distracted by Coulson’s announcement when everything went wrong. A bright light coming from the park’s side entrance started brightening the sky and he ended up on the wrong side of Thunderball’s demolition ball.
“Sir? Is everything alright?” Agent May stands in front of him, her left hand automatically going toward her gun.
“Jarvis, can you make a list of possible locations based on the suggestions the children are giving?” Tony instructed Jarvis as he reclined in his seat by Steve’s side.
“Steve. You’re so great. So beautiful. You feel incredible.” Tony mumbled as he fucked into Steve, shifting his position in an attempt to find the other man’s prostate. “Talk to me baby. How does it feel? Please tell me you love it.”
“Oh, um, sure.” Steve got up and walked to the living room, Thor trailing silently behind him, without looking back at the stares he was sure everyone was giving them.
“Shut up.” Tony gave him one last push and stuck his tongue out at him. “That was paint from your damn mural and you know it.”
“I may have had some input in the decision making, but only because I didn’t want any location Jarvis chose to be unsafe or too crowded.” Tony smirked at his team mates. “Besides what better location than one of my many, many homes.”
“Great! That settles it. Our leader has spoken.” Tony chuckled, “So, where would you all like to go?”
?” Clint asked, the video feed didn’t have a great quality but he was sure the man on the screen wasn’t what you would call “normal”.
He had woken up in a dirty hotel room on the edge of some small town, no knowledge of how he got there or why he was there. But that didn’t matter right now. He could figure it out later. Right now the only thing that mattered was his escape. He took off towards the parking lot before he was made.
Thor flashes to late night tea and coffee therapy with the team. Its 3 am on a Wednesday and no one can sleep.
“Well at first glance it appears to be some sort of basis for time machine of some sort. Based on Beckett’s papers and the files we looked at last night, however, we think it’s something else. Something having to do with inter-dimensional travel of some sort. Several components would be redundant if time travel was the case -” Tony began what was sure to be another famous Stark rant – and god did Steve love this man – before Bruce thankfully cut him off.
“I am not kidding. He just stood there staring for a good 10 seconds, before Angie finally smacked the sense back into him.” Most of her words were drowned out by her laughter. “She literally, smacked him across the face.”
“It’s different because you promised you’d start coming to meetings after you blew up the west wing of R&D.” Pepper retorted as she took the tablet from his hands. “Do you want me to remind you of the event leading up to that incident?”
. A look that would scare the daylights out of any grown man. Even so, Steve could see the affection behind the look, affection she only ever showed around the team.
Natasha tries to imagine what life would be like if she finally walked away. She imagines she would feel calmer. She could find another job, one that wouldn’t have her looking over her shoulder at every turn, though she knows she would be able to live off the money she has made so far, at least for a little while. She could find a small home in a quiet mundane state and live comfortably.
The question brought Steve back to reality and his smile faltered for a fraction of a second but it was enough for the other man to notice.
“The land of – WHAT?!” Clint spoke up from next to Steve, already looking far more awake than he had five minutes ago. “Thor, are you kidding? If you are even going to suggest a theme park it has to be Six Flags!”
The mission had been – informative. Fury had sent them down to DC to stakeout Dr. Beckett and the mysterious man seen with him in the security footage they obtained that morning. Beckett had been on S.H.I.E.L.D.’s radar since the physicist published a paper on theoretical time travel – though given S.H.I.E.L.D.’s interest in the subject, Natasha is willing to bet it may not be theoretical after all. The physicist had disappeared shortly after his publication and now that he reappeared it was their job to make sure he wasn’t planning anything crazy.
They worked for hours getting everyone out safely and by the end of it even the Norse god was exhausted and the Wrecking Crew got away. The only good news being that Bruce managed to de-hulk rather quickly and there were no casualties.
“Any idea what we're up against?” Steve asked in his Captain America voice as he made his way to the quinjet hanger, “Will we need Doctor Banner or the Hulk?” He asked as an afterthought, for which Bruce was grateful, he hated hulking out only to find out that the Hulk’s presence wasn’t necessary.
.” She replied in an equally teasing tone. Everyone in the tower had long since learned to refer to her as Pepper but Bruce couldn’t help but tease the woman every now and then. It was something that had started back when she was still dating Tony and never really stopped.
,” Tony winked over his shoulder, earning a blush from the blond. “Pepper wants me to attend some boring share holders meeting and there is some other stuff I have to look into with R&D.”
“Oh, well, I did, but the song is over.” Steve smirked and looked at him. “What are you doing out here?”
“Tony, my boy, it’s so good to have you around the office again.” Obie pulls Tony in by the shoulder. “You know, R & D are ready for you to come by and look into the new explosives. You know, give them the all clear that they aren’t going to blow themselves up and all that jazz. You should head down there soon.”
“Well excuse me for relying on my team to help keep me from being seen. If Ward wasn’t so busy flirting with you, he would have correctly directed me right instead of left.” Scottish dude replies in a peeved tone.
“He was not flirting.” The girl answers sounding a lot more interested in the conversation than she was a minute ago. “Was he?”
Steve stood in the living room for a couple more minutes, both stunned and grateful for Thor’s words. When he finally walked back into the kitchen, the team was silently conversing with each other, though he didn’t miss the looks they would shoot him every now and then. Tony for one send him a questioning look as soon as he set foot in the room, looking away when the taller man caught sight, then pointedly tried to keep his gaze away from Steve’s face.
“Oh, okay.” Steve felt the tension in his shoulders dissolve and then moved to stand in the water next to the billionaire so that their arms were touching.
Steve laughed at the disgruntled look on Tony’s face while the rest of the team discussed, rather loudly, possible locations. Clint spent the better part of 20 minutes trying to convince Thor that Six Flags was better than Disneyland, that particular discussion ended with Natasha having to intervene when Clint started waving arrows around erratically, though no one really knows where they came from.
Rhodey and Pepper gaped up at Tony, not knowing how to react to his announcement. Rhodey’s expression going from concerned to aggravated to uncertain to suspicious. Tony expected the man to get up and yell at him like last time – wait? Last time? - but it was Pepper that finally broke the silence.
“What Tony is trying to say is that so far what we can make of the schematics is that theoretically it has the potential to alter time or reality but there’s no way to be sure since the information was incomplete.”
“Ugh, here comes one of Obie’s new interns, I swear he picks them right off the street. I have to go.”
He’s getting ahead of himself, he knows. But his first date with Peggy went well. They danced, went to dinner, got reacquainted with each other – rather Steve got to learn about all the adventures Peggy got to have during the year Steve lost. It was great.
They had picked out the apartment together and some nights, after drinking himself into a stupor, Bruce could still see her fluttering around the apartment. Making this place a home she would always say.
“Tony. Why aren’t you dressed yet? We are supposed to be downtown in 10 minutes.” Pepper chastised him as he entered the kitchen.
“Yup, peachy keen.” Tony answers and gives the waiter a cheeky grin. “We’re gonna need another glass of water and another coffee cup please. Add this one to our tab.”
“Sorry, my mistake. I was distracted.” Bruce hastily tells the guard, who looks seconds away from arresting – maybe even shooting him – and backs up some more. “I must have taken a wrong turn and didn’t notice.”
Sam couldn’t help but smile and try to speed up a bit. He knew it was useless to try to race St- Sam stopped in his tracks as two women jogged passed him toward the Lincoln Monument.
“My friends!” Thor bellowed as he made his way into the kitchen, Betty and Jane following closely behind. “Have you heard about the incredible finding of my fair Jane?” Bruce and Steve visibly relaxed when they saw that the commotion was only coming from Thor. An excited Thor was usually a loud, if not destructive, Thor so it was no surprise that he was wrecking havoc in celebration for Jane’s discovery.
The women kept jogging and the few people strolling about this early in the morning didn’t spare him a second glance. He suddenly felt exposed running out in the open without any back-up.
“I got you.” Tony replied as he took Steve into his hand and began to jerk him off in time with his thrusts. “Come for me Steve.” He whispered into his ear and that was it.
Sam has no idea why he is bored of his life, but hell if he is going to go through this shit sober tonight.
“I’m ok, Pep. Don’t call anyone, I’m fine.” Tony pleaded with Pepper as he regained his breath and felt the world stop spinning.
Steve scoffs and they all place their orders. It doesn’t escape Sam’s notice that Steve moves his hands to cover the small pouch on the table.
“Well well well, look who finally made it to the party.” The Wrecker called out with a laugh, gripping his crowbar with both hands.
“Where did he go?” A soft female voice asks. Clint can make out two shadows and jumps behind a partition in case they peek inside the tent.
Steve entered the kitchen to find all the Avengers already there in various states of consciousness. Bruce was at the stove making breakfast as he did most mornings. Natasha was eating cereal at the breakfast bar with Clint half asleep at her side eating toast. Tony was by the coffee maker no doubt having just come up from his lab like he did every morning. Thor was sitting across from Natasha, a plate full of pop tarts sitting in front of him.
Sam shivered in the cold morning air. He wasn’t in the Air Force anymore, he didn’t need to watch his back anymore. He started jogging again but this time in the direction of home. If you could even call an empty house a home. He was suddenly not in any mood to continue his morning jog.
“Captain,” Thor interrupted Steve, using a softer tone now that he wasn’t laughing, “there really is no need to apologize. I understand that Midgardian bodies have needs and most importantly, that it is not I that holds your heart.”
Pepper turned and glared at him, something she also usually did every time Bruce – or anyone in the tower really - addressed her as anything but Pepper. “No, thank you,
“No, father. I am telling the truth. I am having dreams and every day I am convinced more and more that they aren’t dreams.”
The fight was a relatively easy one. The Wrecking Crew was getting tired, that much was evident but they were taking far too long to take them into custody. Given that this was probably nothing but a distraction, they needed to end this faster.
“Trust me, you don’t want to know. Would you boys like some breakfast?” Bruce asked pointing to where the stack of pancakes was sitting on the counter. “I made plenty.”
So there was a version of this where Steve told Tony about the Thor thing and Tony took it really well and his reaction to it was somewhere along the lines of "that's hot", but that version was, well I didn't like it so I was like yeah no. Then there was a second version, where Steve tells Tony and things got a little angsty and the story got really long. So this version is the one that you get.
“You got it.” Tony gave him one last kiss, grinding his hips and causing the man underneath him to moan, before getting up and making his way to the bathroom.
“By the names of our ancestors, Thor, that is a hell of a story.” Odin smiles and takes a step toward him. “Has your brother put you up to this? He has always been quite mischievous.”
“You know me. I always like to make an entrance.” Tony retorted and brought a hand up, leveling a repulsor at Bulldozer’s head. “Now, are we going to do this the easy way or the hard way?”
“I think you’ve had enough, Natasha told Clint as she took what had to have been the man’s tenth drink of the night and placed it back on the bar, “come on, it’s time for bed.” She held her hand out for him to take.
Tony felt himself relax again – though he could still feel tears prickling his eyes - and leaned into her touch.
“The team and I. Steve. We were trying to save the world from an alien invasion.” Tony stopped himself from continuing when he heard Pepper sigh softly.
“No.” A few minutes pass in silence and Natasha thinks that is all he is willing to say on the subject. She’s about to change the subject when he speaks again. “It’s a hard topic for me to talk about, you know? So, I just avoid it whenever possible. Steve knows what everybody else knows, but no real details.”
“She was flirting with you Steve.” Peggy answers, shaking her head. “I’m surprised she didn’t ask you out.”
“Father, I know it will sound crazy, but I’ve been experiencing weird dreams. Only, they don’t seem like dreams.”
Clint can see the fallen trainee get up and join the rest of his group as he makes his way down from the rafters. He can tell when they spot him by the way their backs stiffen.
“Mmm, morning.” Tony sleepily replied, smiling up at blue eyes that never failed to make his heart skip a beat.
Even with all the arguing, however, Steve couldn’t help but look on with fondness. This was his team, his family. He couldn’t risk ruining the best thing to happen to him since he woke up from the ice. He couldn’t be selfish. He would give his life for everybody in the room and if keeping them together and safe meant having to give up his heart, he would.
Rhodey cleared his throat, but shot him a look that said words would be spoken about this later. “General Ross sent me to try to persuade you into coming in tomorrow to sign those contracts.”
Eventually everyone started arguing and Bruce threatened Tony with not going, if the discussion of the trip was any indication to how the actual trip was going to be. In the end, Steve had to interfere and they decided that Jarvis would make the final decision.
“Just trying to clear my head.” Tony turned and tried to return Cap’s smile – he had a feeling he didn’t succeed.
“Tony, you own more than 50 percent of the company’s shares.” She said matter of factly. “You should be there. You just always make excuses to miss the meetings.”
Tony put his hands up in mock surrender and motioned for the team to start heading out to where Happy was already parked and waiting for them.
He made his way down to his workshop after another restless night. He had been unable to sleep for a week. Plagued by nightmares of death, battle, and heartache. The worst of the dreams, however, came in the form of blue eyes, honest smiles, and loving caresses – all of which he was sure related to Steve somehow, whoever he may be.
“Good. Now head back in there and put your clothes on so we can go grab something to eat.” Natasha nodded at Steve and turned to walk out of the men’s dressing area with Bruce and Clint.
“Alright then soldier, you ready for our dance?” Peggy asked with a smile, she looked beautiful in her red dress and Steve couldn’t help but be grateful at having survived the crash.
“You got it Cap.” Tony replied and began to fidget. “So anyways I’ll see you out front in 15, well I guess it be more like 7 minutes now.”
Things between the team weren’t always easy but it was moments like these, moments where they could joke and be themselves, that kept Steve going. Maybe it wasn’t so crazy to be in love with one of his teammates. Maybe last night’s mistake wasn’t important in the grand scheme of things. Maybe despite it all everything would be alright. At least that’s what Steve told himself, but even he wasn’t naïve enough to believe that completely.
Rhodey looked just as horrified as Pepper. “Tony, are you sure? Those are some pretty serious accusations you are making.”
“Up yours, Doctor Banner.” Pepper replied as the elevator dinged its arrival. Bruce could hear Pepper berating Tony and heard him groan in frustration before the elevator closed. He turned his attention to Clint and Natasha who seemed to be discussing “S.H.I.E.L.D. business” - or gossiping he couldn’t really tell half the time.
“I don’t know!” Tony answered cutting Pepper off. “I don’t know.” He repeated, whispering softly, feeling like he was losing his mind.
“Yeah, yeah Stark, we get it. With Cap at your side, you can do anything. Whatever. Now stop flirting and don’t start drinking till everyone has their drinks.” Clint turned his attention to the rest of the team. “Bruce, Tasha, what will it be?”
“Sir?” J.A.R.V.I.S. asks, and shit this probably wasn’t the first time he was trying to get his attention. “Ms. Potts is on the line, should I ask her to call back at a later time?”
“Morning, Steve. Coffee?” Howard greeted him as he entered the kitchen. He was already dressed to go to some meeting no doubt.
Steve let the sentence trail off and Tony beamed at his response, stepping a little closer to the water, getting his feet wet up to his ankles.
“Well? Did you get it?” Sam asks, practically bouncing off his seat in excitement, as his friends take a seat in front of him.
Steve shifted in Tony’s hold until he was facing Tony, leaning in to capture his mouth for a brief morning kiss and grinding his own hardening cock against the other man. “Good morning.”
Phil sighed, not looking forward to explaining the situation to Fury. The Avengers – the available members anyway – had made it to the scene and cleared most of the civilians before facing off with two members of the Wrecking Crew. Thor going head to head with Bulldozer while Cap took on Piledriver; the Hulk hadn’t been needed so Bruce had been working with the local authorities to help the civilians trapped inside the bank vault. The civilians weren’t in any immediate danger and everything was going well, until it wasn’t.
He has several different drawings of this same person back in his room. On canvases, on napkins, sketchbooks, anywhere he can get a pen on paper. He doesn’t intent to draw the man but no matter what the drawings start as, those eyes always end up staring up at Steve.
“Maybe had you not shot those two trainees, I’d be inclined to let you help the rest of your team.” Fury told him before walking over to Hill to ask for an update from the situation on the ground.
Before Afghanistan, if anyone would have asked Tony Stark how he pictured his future, he probably would have laughed at the notion of his life being more than strangers in his bed, alcohol, and money. Even being a genius he would never have imagined the events that led to him living in New York, having a team, and being in a stable relationship. It was never in his life plan, things just happened that way and even if those events were more than a little painful – or heart wrenching at times - he wouldn’t trade them. All those moments led to this point in time and, if he was being honest, there was nothing better than waking up next to the love of his life. Because there was no doubt that the great Tony Stark had found his other half.
He looks around, convinced that Betty will pop out and scare him like she did in his memory- fantasy. It was all just a stupid fantasy. Betty isn’t here.
“Tony-” Pepper started and Tony knew what was coming next. “Maybe it’s time to see a doctor or a psychologist.”
He sighs, admonishing himself for the thought. It’s stupid. He needs to get out of his head and stop dwelling on dreams.
“The others are probably asleep.” Tony replied quickly and stepped closer to Steve, bringing a hand up to cup Steve’s face with a look of determination on his face. “Why’d you stop?”
Bruce shakes off a phantom touch and reaches for the bottle of champagne he doesn’t remember buying, heading toward his room.
Pepper sighed and placed a hand on his shoulder. “Tony, it’s alright. Breathe. Everything is going to be okay.”
“So this is a punishment?” Clint asked Fury’s retreating form and slumped down into his seat. “This blows.”
“Oh – um – I haven’t really planned anything. I figured we could just relax or do our own thing.” Steve replied, scratching the back of his neck, turning to look out into the water. “Maybe we could hang out here on the beach, go for a swim or something…” Steve trailed off, turning his head to look back at Tony.
“This must be quite a strange situation for you.” Howard remarked as he sat on the chair across from them.
“So, Iron Man’s presence is not required right Jarvis?” Pepper asked in tone that Tony knew to mean she already knew the answer to her question.
“It’s about time,” Piledriver chimed in, “I was beginning to think the mighty Avengers had given up after yesterday.
Clint lets out a sigh of relief but counts his blessings. He grabs the purple coat and steps out toward the parking lot, using the commotion to make his getaway.
One of crates is stamped CONFIDENTIAL and Tony doesn’t know how he has never seen it before. He asks J.A.R.V.I.S. to scan the crate for potential hazards, but the scan comes back clear. Tony grabs a crowbar and gets to work, opening the crate and peering inside. He sees what looks like a round metallic plate with half a star sitting at the top and reaches to pull it out.
“Yo.” He nods at Thor, leaning against the door frame. “Movie Night downstairs in 30. Let’s go. We gotta get down there before Tony and Steve sprawl out on the good couch and we get settled with the floor.”
“Maybe because when Fury said we could take the weekend off he probably didn’t mean for us to leave New York, let alone the country.” Clint chimed in with a laugh, grabbing Natasha by the shoulders and walking towards the back of the car to grab their bags.
Damn it. They had been after him for almost two months and had barely been able to catch even a glimpse of the man until her arrived in Utah and now he was in the wind again.
“S.H.I.E.L.D. is already on scene getting civilians out of harm’s way.” The archer added as the quinjet took off.
The team let out a group laugh at Tony’s behavior and moved toward the doors. Now that they had arrived and the team was finally together again it was time to relax and enjoy their first vacation as a team.
“Not tonight, Captain. She’s working late this whole month to try to finish the LITOS in time for the convention.” Thor explains, turning his attention to where Natasha is queueing up Netflix. “Says its going to change the world.
“Thank you, boys.” Jane replied with a smile and made her way to sit by Thor who had already started telling Steve all about Jane’s marvelous findings.
Coulson stares at Mack, he is a good agent, but a bit combative. He wishes more agents were like Mack.
“Tony? Are you alright?” Pepper sounds concerned; no doubt being alerted by J.A.R.V.I.S. about his latest episode. “What- What did you see this time?” She whispers the last words into the receiver.
, backs straight and wearing serious expressions. “Now if you’ll excuse us. Have a good day gentlemen.”
When Steve flew the plane into the arctic he didn’t think he would survive. He never believed he would ever be back in New York. Never dreamed he would get to have his dance with Peggy. Never thought he’d ever have a life again.
The kiss continued – Steve wasn’t sure for how long - until they ended up tangled in each other on the sand. Tony’s tongue flicking out to tease and Steve willingly parting his lips for the other man. Eventually, when their lips parted Steve caught sight of the billionaire’s swollen lips and gave them one last nip before finally meeting his eyes.
“Hey! No fair, I am a harmless human! Watch the God-strength, will you?” Clint wines after Thor shoves him into a wall a little too hard. “Or I swear the next time we are in the field, I will shoot you in the ASS!”
“Is it crazier than when you saw yourself get kidnapped by a crazy lunatic who demanded you leave Steve alone?” Pepper asked, sounding more than a little worried.
“I may have believed that if I hadn’t just seen you crying in the kitchen, Tony.” She sighed and pulled up a chair beside him. “I’ve known you long enough to know that something is wrong. Even you wouldn’t use tears to get out of a meeting. So I’ll ask you again, what’s going on?”
“Next time you two try to hijack the ‘good’ couch – my couch by the way – remember that J.A.R.V.I.S. is always listening and I’m his favorite.” Tony smiles at him and Clint from his place on Steve’s lap.
“Oh Steve.” Tears began to stream down her face as she sprung forward to hug him. “I can’t believe it. You’re alive, you’re back.”
“No worries professor, this homework isn’t even due for another two weeks. I’ll just come back later.” His student rose and walked out the door, with a sheepish look on his face.
Betty once said she wanted to make the apartment a home and she did. She made it a home for Bruce, he was just to blind to see that it was never truly home for her.
“Nah, just wanted to get my feet wet is all.” Tony replied, closing his eyes. “The water is warm, you should try it.”
Natasha led the way to the kitchen in search for the others. They were all sitting around the kitchen island drinking coffee and Clint wasted no time in handing over the files for the men to look over, making sure the words
Tony was standing by the grill, placing steaks and corn on the burner, arguing with Jarvis about how everyone wanted their food when Steve came down from his room.
Steve felt like he had just fallen asleep when the Avenger’s alarm went off. Yesterday had been a long day. Between Natasha and Clint going off to DC, Tony in meetings all day, and the rest of the team dealing with the aftermath of their fight with the Wrecking Crew, they had barely gotten any time to rest. Even his dinner plans were ruined, the whole day had been a complete and total bust.
Clint answered this time. “Well the Wrecking Crew is hardly looking to cooperate with scientists for any one of their jobs so more than likely they are hired thugs and the real mastermind behind all of this is either Dr. Beckett or Purple Man there. We just have to figure out what their plan is.”
Tony willed his friends to understand him, hoping they would support his decision but before either one of them could say anything, the man Tony had been trying to avoid walked through the front door.
Steve groaned and started thrusting into Tony’s fist shamelessly, giving into the pleasure. He pulled the smaller man in for another kiss, nipping at his lower lip and slipping his tongue in when the other man parted his lips.
When they arrived on scene the Wrecking Crew looked ready for them. Though Steve could see that they clearly out matched the Wrecking Crew, the thugs looked surprisingly at ease and he didn’t like it one bit.
Maybe Steve would want to go back to the 40s, but the fact that he was here caring for his team meant he wouldn’t make that decision lightly and that was more than any of them could ask for.
Thor walks into the room to see Tony and Steve already camped out in the good couch, surrounded by various pillows and blankets.
He vaguely heard the chatter coming from his team on the comms. He heard Cap relay an order, but he couldn’t wait and he told him as much.
“Oh, I thought – well I know you saw me in there and I thought that maybe -” Steve cleared his throat. “I don’t know, I thought maybe – Oh screw it.”
“Sir, um, Agent Barton?” She begins to ask but trails off, pointedly staring behind Clint where- Where he can see Nat and a shirtless Sam sparring.
His response seemed to relieve the other man, but not by a whole lot. “I get that, really I do. I’ve been there - well I mean maybe not there there since I don’t know where there is, for you, but -” Tony took a deep breath and tried again, “I just wanted to let you know that I’m here. If anything is bothering you, if you need to talk or anything, I’m here. It’s not just Thor that you can count on.”
Tony moaned and tightened his grip on Steve’s waist. “I’d ask how you slept, but I think I already know the answer to that.” He grinned and grinded his hips onto Steve’s.
“Hey, hey, stop that, let me clean that for you.” Tony admonishes him and pulls his hand toward his face to inspect the wound. “Oh, its healed. Good.” Steve pulls his hand back and Tony clears his throat and moves his side of the table. “Sorry.”
“I love you.” Tony whispered and Steve’s eyes shot open. There was a surprised look on the other man’s face, like he hadn’t meant to say the words out loud. “I -”
“No,” he says after a long silence, “not personal. Fury just needs him brought in for a special mission.”
“Fine.” Steve groaned and pulled the curtain, surprised to also see Bruce and Clint standing out there by Tony and Natasha looking right at him. He tried not to blush but felt his cheeks heat up and knew he hadn’t succeeded.
Bruce took a deep breath and willed himself to relax. He wasn’t going to accomplish anything by losing the little control he had thinking of what he could have had.
“What are you offering?” She whispered into his ear. She wasn’t sure if her employer was listening in and she preferred to do business in private.
He gets up and walks over to the pants he had been wearing earlier, deciding he needs to go out for a drink.
Steve tried his best not to grimace. “Oh, um, I haven’t really seen her much actually. She’s moving to LA and, well, she and I aren’t really seeing each other anymore.”
“Why am I not surprised that Jarvis picked a location where you have your own home?” Bruce marveled as he finally stepped out of the limo, Thor following closely behind and grinning widely.
“Who’s the purple guy?” The one with the demolition ball – Thunderball if he wasn’t mistaken – asked.
Once Tony regained his senses enough he pulled out of Steve and threw the condom into the waste basket by the bed. Steve moaned at the loss but allowed the man to stand and pulled Tony down for another kiss when he returned.
“Really? Then why were you so quiet this morning? Why didn’t you want to eat with us? And please don’t insult my intelligence by saying you weren’t hungry because I know you, you are always hungry. And why are you having secret conversations with Thor? And why are you avoiding us? Avoiding me?” Tony whispered that last part, so low that Steve was sure he wouldn’t have caught it had it not been for the super soldier serum.
“That won’t be necessary, sir. Your bill has already been taken care of,” the waitress smiles sweetly, pointing toward a table in the center of the room, “courtesy of that lady in the purple dress.” She seems unaware of the turmoil inside his head.
“Well according to our new employer, if we do this job right, we won’t have to worry about the Avengers for much longer.” The leader told them all with a vicious smile on his face.
Bruce sighed heavily, feeling his grief take over. He needed a distraction and some fresh air, anything to take his mind off the loneliness that seemed to plague him these days. He had a desk full of papers that needed grading but they could wait, he was losing control and he had to stay in control. He didn’t want the other guy to come out-
“Come on.” Sam replies, closing the pouch carefully and handing it back to Steve. “Don’t tell me you believe in all that superstitious crap now!”
“Sorry, I didn’t know you were busy, father? Am I interrupting?” He knows that he’s never had any secrets with Loki before, but something tells him that is no longer the truth.
“I’m glad you like it big guy.” Tony said with a laugh as Thor set him down, then spoke to the team, “Why don’t you all go grab your stuff and head up to your rooms? Jarvis can give you all the tour while I finish setting things up for the party.”
Natasha has always hated carnivals. There is something particularly creepy about people who swindle children that never sat right with her. She’s in a strange carnival in Denver now, and this particular carnival has her on edge. The carnival itself is surrounding a large circus tent that promises acrobats, lion tamers, and, of course, clowns. Her skin should be crawling at the mere thought of being near a carnival let alone completing a job in one. Yet, here she is.
Tony gaped up at Steve. “What! No, no, no. I take that back, waking up next to a gorgeous blonde is not all its hyped up to be. In fact-”
Tony smiled and shook his head. “About a team trip. If you’d bother to pay attention,” he gave him a pointed look, “You’d know that we were just discussing taking some time off. We’ve saved this city one too many times and we need a break.”
With Obie finally gone Tony sagged in relief. For all that he had not wanted to see Obie, he was still hoping that seeing the man would appease something within him and he was greatly disappointed. He didn’t trust the man and he was determined to find out why.
Steve followed. “It’s alright. Sometimes things just don’t work out you know.” He shrugged and took a seat across from Howard.
“Tony,” she sighs, “fine. I’ll let it go and go along with your little delusion that you’re fine.” He can hear her moving around through the receiver. “Look, I was just calling to let you know that you now have access to the SI servers and that you owe me big time for this.”
“HE PUNCHED ME!” Howard yells, his words coming out muffled from behind the rag he is currently holding on his face. Steve winces at the blood that seems to be streaming from his face.
“Are you alright? I said you’re a better dancer than I thought.” She laughed. “Are you sure you’ve never had lessons?”
Clint let out a laugh as soon as he saw what Steve was wearing. “Really, red and gold swim trunks? Could you be more obvious Stark?” He turned and asked Tony.
Natasha took out her knife and began to sharpen it, steadily walking towards the man tied to a kitchen chair. She already knew this, she always knew everything about her marks, it made her job easier. She felt bad, she did - even though she wasn’t sure why – but this was her job and his family weren’t her problem. She had gotten the call early in the morning and didn’t ask questions, as long as she was paid, that was the only thing that mattered. She had a job to do.
“Don’t be ridiculous Cap, you are right on time.” Tony replied as he ended his call and put his phone away. “I was just on the phone with Fury and we just got that okay for the trip.”
“No, don’t worry about it. This isn’t your fault.” Peggy assures him and reaches for his hand. “You can’t help the fact that you’re, you.”
“No.” Steve gave her a small smile and continued swaying around the dance floor. Whether he answered no to having had lessons or being alright, he didn’t know.
“Thor, is everything alright?” Sif asked as she joined him by the fireplace. “You don’t seem like yourself tonight.”
“Alright, that’s good to hear.” Obie made a move to come further into the house but Tony grabbed his arm and turned him toward the door.
“Shut up.” Betty reaches for a stack of papers sitting on the dresser and hands them to Bruce. “Ta-da.” Betty sings and laughs again.
“Want some breakfast, Tony?” Bruce asked from the stove, moving the last of the batter into the pan.
“Yeah.” Steve replied before Tony even finished the question, earning a chuckle from the other man. “I mean, I think it’s pretty great. I do have to admit there was a lot more alcohol than I had anticipated, but it hasn’t hindered the trip so far so…”
“I want – I want to feel you. I want you inside me. I want you to fuck me.” Steve replied in a rough voice.
“Hey, you didn’t ruin anything. It’s fine, the cup will be paid for and I’ll leave the kid a nice tip and that will be that.” Tony answers, he makes an aborted movement with his arm before pulling it back and staring down at the table. “I – uh, I’m sorry if I made you uncomfortable with the whole,” Tony waves his hand in the air, gesturing down at Steve’s hand, “holding your hand.”
He gasped when he felt a slicked finger massaging the puckered skin at his entrance. It was a testament to how lost in pleasure Steve had been that he didn’t even notice when Tony grabbed the lube from where Steve had dropped it on the bed.
“Now hurry and get dressed old man. Thor and Happy are already waiting for us in the car and you know how cranky they get when they’re hungry.” Tony joked as he pushed Steve toward the changing room.
“Have you taken ill my son?” Frigga asked as she rose from her seat and made her way to Thor’s side.
“JARVIS, show me the weapons contracts and shipping manifests from the last two years.” He had been going over all SI paperwork from the previous years, looking for any anomalies. He couldn’t shake the feeling that something was wrong and he needed find out what the something was.
“Huh? Oh. Yeah, I second that, they look good. I’d say those colors certainly suit you.” Tony answered a similar smirk on his face.
Tony leaned down and kissed Steve as he pushed inside slowly. Steve arched off the bed at the sensation as Tony murmured reassurances against his lips. Tony stilled when he was finally all the way in, waiting for Steve to adjust.
“I know that for most of you, this is your first assignment, and as such it is my duty to let you know that your performance during this op will determine the rest of your career.”
“Steve, it’s not a bad thing to know what you want.” Natasha adds in a soft tone, placing one of her hands above both of his on the table. “I am just glad you’re finally getting your shit together.”
“Later Captain, right now S.H.I.E.L.D. needs Agents Barton and Romanoff.” Coulson answered as Clint and Natasha went over the files Coulson brought in, both were already in what Bruce liked to refer to as
“Aww, don’t pull the guilt card Pep.” Tony groaned as he stood from the chair. Pepper knew exactly what she was doing. At least this time she didn’t pull the Steve card, which she also constantly pulled when Tony was being uncooperative, knowing that the last thing Tony wanted was to have to see Steve’s disappointed look directed at him. Well the last thing he wanted was for Steve to withhold sex, which he usually did in these situations but he wasn’t going to tell her that.
“I don’t have to eat to be present.” Steve replied halfheartedly as he sat down on the kitchen island, making sure to sit as far away from Thor as he could without seeming too obvious.
“We were-” Steve looked up at Howard and felt all the air leave his lungs. Damn, I forgot how much Tony looks like Howard. Wait, Tony.
For once, Tony was quiet as Steve unbuttoned his vest and removed his string tie, pausing to kiss him several more times. He unbuttoned Tony’s white shirt and ran both hands over his smooth chest. He pulled his shirt tail from his trousers then unbuttoned his brown pants, noticing that Stark was already hard beneath them. Tony kicked his trousers away when they fell to his ankles.
Steve didn’t bother to take Tony’s shirt off, which was not unusual either. There was something about leaving it on that turned Steve on and Tony was certainly all right with that.
The furniture was minimal. Sofa, television, coffee table and in the other room, a bed. The kitchen had several high-end coffee makers and one old fashioned stovetop percolator. The fridge was filled with snacks, beer, deli meats, convenient foods.
Tony found that words failed him and he pressed his hips upward and nodded. Steve slipped his mouth down over Tony, taking him so deep that Tony felt the back of his mouth as Steve swallowed just before starting to move his head up and down, cradling the underside of Tony’s cock with his tongue. The suction was light at first as Steve licked him until he was wet and slick then Tony felt Steve suck as he licked.
Steve touched Tony’s face. “I didn’t come to fix the past. I came because I had to. I needed to see you, to assure myself that we once loved each other, that it was real.”
and they all brought coffee to him when they went to his workshop for any reason. Otherwise, talking to him was like reasoning with a cranky four-year-old.
The underwear came off next and Tony found himself on the receiving end of Steve Rogers’ mouth. He thought he might die when Steve pressed him onto this back and began to stroke his cock slowly at first. He looked into those blue eyes and saw his own lust reflected back at him. He hadn’t expected Steve to be so hot.
Steve led him to the bed and they both lay down. He moved Tony onto his back and he began to kiss him, lips first then he worked his way down to Tony’s chest and the round pink scar where the reactor had been. Tony opened his eyes to see Steve kiss his way around the ring, trailing his tongue over the slightly raised area.
Sheriff Steve Rogers sat in the saloon and ordered a bottle of whiskey. Wanda brought it to him and sat down beside him.
Steve dipped the razor in the sink and started on the other cheek. Tony let himself relax and enjoy the feel of the razor scraping the hair away and the gentle sound of Steve’s soft breathing as he did it. He didn’t say anything as he worked.
Steve nodded and stood with Tony in his arms. Tony wrapped his legs around Steve and let him carry him to the bedroom and to the huge bed centered against the wall.
Tony yanked his head down and kissed him again. “I didn’t want to seem pushy. You are a bit skittish, Sheriff Rogers.”
They went to see a drama about a lawyer and his father, a judge, who he defends in a murder trial. The movie was called
“I’ll stop trying to keep you sober all the time, if you’ll come to me sober like this,” Steve told him as he led him across the small room to his narrow bed.
“We talked about the Maggia. Natasha said you used to date the head of that organization. It might have been helpful to have you there.”
Tony picked at an invisible something on his sleeve and made his way out of the bathroom before he embarrassed himself.
“Ride out to the ranches outside town with me? I like to get by them once every week or two and see if they need some help.”
“To chase away the ghosts. When I close my eyes, the ghosts come for me. Drunk, I pass out and they stay away.”
“Yeah, well, shit happens,” Tony said, offhandedly, as if it didn’t matter and they both knew it mattered much more than Tony could ever admit.
He knew, as soon as he opened his eyes, that there was someone in the room with him. Did he pretend he was asleep or did he ask who the hell was there?
“She wasn’t the head of the Nefaria crime family when I knew her. She was heiress and hot ass chick, Whitney Frost.”
“If we go to the bedroom, we can do more than just kiss,” Tony murmured as he turned toward the bedroom and reached for Steven’s hand.
“No, but I’ve been thinking about your long legs and those broad shoulders since the first time I laid eyes on you. It’s probably an awful idea, but I’m willing to give it a shot.”
Tony had no words as he came, just tears that he tried to hold back. He collapsed on top of Steve, kissing him and holding him tight.  Steve seemed in no hurry have him move, so he didn’t.
“Wonderful. I have closed my eyes a lot of times since we met and pretended some tall blond man was you.”
Tony put his arms around Steve and held him close, kissing his temple and his cheek. As undone as Tony felt, Steve seemed to be more so. Tony was a little a loss for what to say to him.
Steve was in Tony’s bed almost every night and Tony still managed to keep either his t-shirt or his tank top on. He never mentioned it to Steve and Steve never mentioned taking the shirt off.
Steve didn’t insult him by suggesting he push Tony’s wheelchair out of the bathroom. Instead, he nodded and left the room.
“We’ll get him back, him, Sam, Wanda – we’ll get them back.” Tony had put his hand over Steve’s for just a moment.
Steve swallowed hard. Of course he wanted it, but he hadn’t really thought that would be an option. He nodded.
Tony was still on his back when Steve drizzled lube onto his cock and spread it with his hand, sliding up and down oh so slowly.
Tony laughed. “I like to get anything important done early in the day so I can drink the rest of the time.”
He let his mind run free as his hand moved. He thought about Bucky and Peggy and then he thought about Tony Stark. What would it feel like to have that hand slide down his belly? Would Tony jerk him off? Or would he want more?
Did Tony think so too? Steve had to admit that kissing Stark would not be the worst fate that could befall a man. He had always liked men as well as women, something that was not commonly acknowledged in his day and he wasn’t sure it was very commonly acknowledged today either.
“Walk me home?” Stark asked him in that low, husky voice he’d heard that other night months ago in the smithy. Steve’s heart sped up.
The hand was back on this thigh, but on the top now, moving slowly inward, fingers caressing Tony’s leg through his sweatpants. He felt Steve’s weight shift on the sofa and suddenly he felt Steve closer, one hand touching his face.
“They’re going to hang one or both of us eventually anyway. You know that,” Tony said in that low, sexy voice. “We don’t have much to lose.”
They were walking into Avengers Tower a few minutes later, coffee cups in hand. “Have everyone meet in the conference room in an hour and we’ll talk about Whitney,” Tony told Steve. “And thanks for the coffee. I’ll get the next one.”
The sun had been up a while when Tony woke. The other side of the bed was empty. He had known it would be. There was a note on the pillow in Steve’s scrawl.
Steven shook his head. “Been a long, damned time, though.” And he dipped his head for more kisses, kisses that were becoming hungrier and hotter.
“No. Not yet. Go for a walk with me?” Steve’s tone changed completely. It was friendly, companionable. “Grab a cup at Strong Brew?”
It had felt so good though. Stark’s kisses had been as sweet as the sin they surely were. He might have been drunk, but he wasn’t too drunk to notice how responsive Stark was, how his body thrummed when Steve had touched him and how is own body had responded in kind.
“We both probably could probably have found a better town,” Stark aid with a laugh. “This one is not exactly paradise.”
Steve looked into those dark eyes and was lost. Utterly lost. For several moments, he gave himself up to the cascade of bliss that pulsated through his body. He cried out Tony’s name over and over as he spilled himself deep inside his body. Near the end, he felt Tony’s body pull and spasm around him and realized that Tony was coming with him.
Those damned tears would not stop! He folded the note and placed it in a box in his dresser drawer, beside a photo of them as Avengers, Steve in his suit and Tony in his armor with his helmet off. They were smiling at one another.
He hadn’t said anything else to Rogers. What was there to say? He’d said it all when he got home. He was surprised that Steve didn’t seem angry. He would have been. Hell, he was still angry.
Steve figured if he had to put up with Stark with no stimulants or sedatives, then Stark could put up with him the same way. He sometimes enjoyed pissing Stark off, too, but he’d deny that if it came down to it.
“Buck and I were Dodgers fans, but saw the Yankees play almost as often.”  A look of such profound sadness flitted across Steve’s face, that Tony felt he had to say something.
“Are you disappointed that I woke up?” Tony asked him, still caressing him through the fabric of his trousers.
Steve backed Tony up against the front door and kissed him until Tony wrapped both arms around his neck and sighed.
“Thanks,” is what he said instead. He pushed away from the bar and straightened up. Tony stood and looked at him.
They were eating sandwiches at the schawarma place after another mission. It had become a tradition after the battle of New York. They’d stopped an incursion of some enhanced individuals at a military base that housed some experimental weapons based on alien tech.
Tony didn’t light the lamp as they fell into his bed, tugging and pulling at one another’s clothing until hot skin touched hot skin. They didn’t say anything either as their hands and mouths found things to explore, pleasure to bring to one another.
“I know you’ve been dating all these gorgeous women lately, but I was wondering if you’d consider going out with someone older, not as pretty.”
Tony sighed and parted his lips, letting Steven’s tongue slip between them. The sheriff was almost embarrassed by his body’s instant reaction to the kisses. His heart pounded as blood rushed down to his groin. His cock hardened as he tightened his hold on the smaller man.
Tony was still sober when they ate, but that was about as long as it lasted. He wandered over to the bar and ordered a double whiskey.
Steve kissed him this time, tasting the sip of whiskey he’d had in the kiss. “Are you sure this is a good idea?” Steve asked him.
“Steve!” Tony cried out as Steve took him into the back of his throat, breathing around his hard thrusts.
That was about as far as he got in his pondering when his body caught up with his hand and he groaned in pleasure as he spilled himself all over his hand.
“Whitney was a sweet girl when I knew her, sexy and fun, but she was hurt in a car crash when we broke up and it made her mean and bitter, it ruined her insides as well as her face. You can’t trust her. Not when it comes to me,” Tony told him as they strolled along the street and drank their coffees.
He didn’t bother with the lights at first, then he realized that someone was in the room with him. Fear shot through him at first. He could summon his suit in moments, but even that might be too late.
“Want to ride out into the country with me today? I’m going to check on the families over the ridge.” Rogers was almost as surprised as Stark was his offer.
Steve was worried about what Stark might say the next morning when he went to the saloon for a cup of coffee. The thought of food was more than his stomach could handle this morning.
Oh fuck! Rogers had a thing for him? Shit! That wasn’t good, because he’d had a crush on Steve Rogers since he was four years old. It was only after he hit puberty that the crush got bad enough that he’d jerked off to old clips and photos of Rogers more than he’d ever admit to anyone.
Steve sat in the saloon and watched Tony drink. He smiled. He’d drag him home in a bit and maybe Tony would sing
He couldn’t take his eyes off of Steve as he licked and sucked. It was even better than he’d imagined it would be. And it wasn’t going to last long, he feared as he felt that familiar tightness in his balls, that coiling of pleasure beginning deep inside him.
“So good, Steve,” Tony whispered as Steve rode him harder, moaning with his mouth against Tony’s face. “Come on, baby,” Tony heard coming out of his own mouth. “Ride me hard.”
“It’s the farthest place I could find from where and what I was. And no one knows me,” was the answer. Stark offered no details and Steve didn’t ask for more.
Between kisses, they began to divest each other of clothing until Steve was in his boxers and Tony was down to his underwear and the black t-shirt he’d worn to the movies. He was relieved when Steve made no move to pull the shirt off of him.
Tony kissed him again, saving him from saying the words that almost slipped out, words he was afraid to say to anyone.  They lay still as they were for several moments before Steve moved off of Tony and settled beside him. He didn’t say anything but pulled him close.
“I can’t imagine Aunt Peggy just falling in with you,” Tony laughed. “She must have been quite blunt.”
The sheriff suppressed the urge to ruffle Stark’s unruly dark hair. “G’night, Tony,” he said and let himself out.
In one of the more dramatic parts of the movie, the lawyer is caring for his ill father. Tony took Steve’s hand and held it during that part and other sad parts of the movie.
A hand landed on his thigh, on the outside near his hip. It rubbed quite absently, as if whoever it belonged to was thinking about something else. The person leaned closer to him.
Tony didn’t need or want any entanglements right now. He was enjoying just having fun. He’d been with a tall blond last night. He tried not to notice how much the man had looked like Rogers. It was all in good fun. He’d sucked a little cock, gotten to fuck the guy and everyone was happy, until he walked into the kitchen.
As he looked at the photos of Tony, he rubbed himself through his trousers. He needed more, needed to touch skin, his skin. He unzipped himself and pulled his trousers down, freeing his cock.
She looked surprised. “You’re serious? Do you think sending him porn is the way to make that happen? Why not ask him out?”
Tony turned back and Steve kissed him, a quick, awkward peck on the lips, but Tony’s heart almost beat out of his chest. “Uh, yeah.”
Summer was hotter than hell in Timely and everyone was waiting for a little rain to make things better. All the heat had made the residents a little more cantankerous than usual and Sheriff Rogers had a full jail most nights from fights in the saloon, men mistreating the girls who worked there, and general bad tempers boiling over.
They went to the little apartment off the back of the smithy and climbed into Tony’s bed without even bothering with lights. Tony curled up close to Steve and promptly went to sleep.
They made their way to the bed and fell into in it still kissing. Steve put the vial in Tony’s hand. “Please!  I’ve waited so damned long for this.”
Tony felt like hell, but the guy he’d picked up last night was hot. Well, Tony thought he was, anyway. He didn’t remember too much after a while. They drank an obscene amount of someone’s top shelf Scotch. It could have been his. He wasn’t sure.
The thing was that Tony couldn’t forget about it. Would Steve turn away in disgust at his scars? He’d seen every single inch of Steve’s gorgeous body and there wasn’t a blemish on it. Anywhere. Why would he want a man who had a huge pink and white ring in the center of his chest?
Steve looked surprised. “I kept wanting you to look at me like I saw you look at other people. I wanted – then you did last night and I was scared to death.”
“Honey, I know you’re grieving for your deputy, but do you think drink is the answer?” Her voice was low and her accent made it even sexier than if she’d had no accent. He’d be the first to admit that she’d tempted him more than once. She was voluptuous and way too beautiful for this town.
Shame washed over Steve, shame that he’d let it go this far, shame that he’d lost control so completely.
Steven felt the touch all the way up his thigh. He stood. “Get some sleep, Stark. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
At Steve’s urging, he moved, slowly, not wanting it to end.  Nature took over eventually and they strained against one another, both wanting that bliss that their lovemaking brought and both wanting it to last longer as well.
Stark drank his coffee, nodded to the sheriff and headed back to the smithy. Steve finally settled on some dry toast and a second cup of coffee before he went back to the jail.
He saw Steve sitting at the table with his back to him when he opened the door. He backed up a step, debating turning around and going down the street to where there were usually a couple of food trucks. A taco might not kill him.
“I – maybe you could stay the rest of the night? You can slip out on my private elevator. No one will see you. I can drive you wherever you want to go.”
“You are an annoying man, Sheriff Rogers,” Tony whispered as reached toward the little table by the sofa. He had a little jar of something in his hand. He nudged Steve up so he could open the little container.
He took the lube and began to kiss his way down Steve’s gorgeous torso. He hadn’t lost any of that since he’d been in exile. He was still perfect. He kept kissing that perfect body as he readied Steve.
Tony stared hard at him for a moment. “Going to show me?” He gestured to his tablet on the coffee table. Steve sat down and took a deep breath. He typed in what he had before and found the same site and same videos. He clicked on one with a tall muscular man and a shorter, slender dark-haired man. This one he’d seen before.
He found himself hoping for a look or a word of encouragement from Tony, but there was nothing, as if it never happened at all. Tony acted completely normal toward him.
Tony turned and looked at him. “What was I supposed to say? ‘Hey Cap, how about we put aside that we fight every time we’re within shouting distance of one another and build a relationship?’”
He watched Tony all night and saw that he didn’t drink nearly as much as he pretended that he did. Steven wasn’t even sure that he was drunk at all.
“Need some help there?” It was fucking Rogers. Why the hell was he even here? “Rhodey sent me to ask if you think you can eat something a little more substantial for lunch. He said he was going out for cheeseburgers if you want one.”
“You can stay if you want to,” Tony told him as he rolled over to turn off the small lamp by the bed. Tony could still see Steve in the moonlight. He went back to Steve’s arms.
They moved toward the sofa and Tony sat, making him eye level with Steve’s midsection. He should tell Steve to get the fuck lost. He should call Ross. Instead, he reached his hand out and rubbed Steve through the thick fabric of his black jeans. He looked up into Steve’s face. He unfastened Steve’s belt and unzipped his trousers. Steve shoved his jeans down and dropped to his knees, pulling Tony into his arms.
Even later still, they did finally dress and made fresh coffee to go in their Strong Brew cups. They put their coffees on the table by the door and kissed one more time before leaving their love nest.
Steve kissed him for several more minutes before he moved down to where Tony’s cock stood quite erect below the hem of his t-shirt. He got comfortable between Tony’s opened legs and began to lick and suck him. The first licks were experimental, a lap here and a taste there until Tony was quivering beneath him.
“Tony, you missed the team meeting this morning,” Steve said by way of hello as he barged into the workshop around 1:30pm.
“Sorry about your friend, Rogers.” He sat down and looked at the sheriff. Tony lifted his bottle. “To Barnes.”
“Uh, yeah. I’m an optimist.” It was actually what he used on himself when he watched porn on his big ass screen but Steve didn’t need to know that.
No one was more surprised than Steve when Tony leaned across the small table and kissed him. “Shall we chase both of our ghosts away together?” Tony asked softly.
Neither said anything as the two men on the screen talked some silly chit chat, then they began to kiss and peel one another’s clothing off. Steve found himself watching Tony, who stared with rapt attention at the screen. He also found himself hard again, as hard as he’d been when he saw this one before.
Later Tony lay on his back and Steve had his head on Tony’s shoulder, tracing a circle on his naked chest with his finger.
“Why not?” Stark got to his feet and was a bit steadier than the sheriff. The two of them left the saloon arm in arm. They stumbled on their way into the street, but stayed upright because they were leaning on one another.
“Come sit down,” Tony said to him as they parted and looked at one another. “Resentment is corrosive and I hate it.”
“You don’t need to.” Tony came into the room, crossing to where Steve sat on his bed. He motioned to Steve’s lap. “Did I cause that?”
Tony still looked as debauched 	as he had when he came in. His lips were pink and swollen from kissing? Sucking cock? He had buttoned his shirt, though he mismatched the buttons and one side of his shirt tail still hung out. He looked wonderful to Steve.
Tony wanted to ask him a million questions. Did this mean he might come in, sign the Accords? Did this mean he would surrender to Ross? But now, now was so not the time to ask Steve any of those things.
Tony had been sure that he was going to die in space. He still wasn’t completely convinced that it wasn’t going to happen here on earth. He could barely hold a spoon to eat the gruel that Rhodey insisted on until he was stronger.
Tony hadn’t thought about that, not that it mattered. “Sorry about that. I was just pulling your chain,” Tony offered.
Steve nodded and took out his phone. He opened an e-book file and started to read as Tony went back to work. Tony had J.A.R.V.I.S. play some AC/DC, but he still couldn’t seem to concentrate on his work today. He looked at Rogers. Yeah, that was the reason.
“Oh fuck, Tony!” Steve growled and put one hand on the back of Tony’s head. “I need to fuck your mouth.”
He didn’t move as Steve stood and headed back toward the Tower. Steve turned his head and looked over his shoulder. “I am a fool. Are you going to show me how much of one I am or just stand there?”
More and more, Sheriff Rogers was not able to put Stark out of his mind when he left him sleeping it off. He was embarrassed that he spent as much time as he did, thinking about the scent of Stark’s pricy after shave or how soft that deep brown hair was to touch.
The two men walked down the street to an apartment building. Steve punched in a code to unlock the elevator and the two of them rode up to the fifth floor and got out. Steve punched a door code and opened the door to an apartment. Tony followed him in.
Steve poured a third shot and downed it with Stark. His heart and his gut didn’t hurt quite as bad now as they did a little bit ago. He looked at Stark. Maybe Stark had the right idea.
Tony made his way to the penthouse. He tried not to think too much about what had just happened, but he had Rogers’ scent all over him. Damn the gorgeous sonofabitch! He had stayed away from him for that very reason.
“I still topple over like an old man sometimes,” Tony said, realizing that Steve had not let him go yet.
After dinner, Tony pulled out his flask and poured a generous amount into his coffee cup. “Want some?” he offered Steve.
“You’re welding a broken handle on coffee urn that no one ever uses since we bought the Nespresso machines.”
Steve turned the water off and pulled Tony into his arms. Tony couldn’t open his eyes. He didn’t want to see pity or revulsion in Steve’s face. Steve led him out of the shower and dried them both off. Tony opened his eyes but he refused to look into Steve’s face.
