Steve just rolled his eyes and sighed. “I was going to pay you by sucking your dick, idiot.”
“I was scared once Peggy left. The thought had literally never crossed my mind that I’d have to raise Coraline on my own, so when that became my reality, I panicked. Still, that’s no excuse for the way I treated you, or the things I said. I was an absolute asshole, and I’m grateful that you’ve taken me back. But I need you to know that I love you and I’m going to spend the rest of my life making this up to you, if that’s how long it takes.”
Tiberius was known for doing a lot of things; giving up the chance to gloat about something wasn’t one of them. If he said Steve wasn’t part of this idiotic, convoluted plan, then Tony knew Steve didn’t have anything to do with it.
?” Steve spoke, moving forward to quickly grab Cora away from Howard. “This
“I came here to do this,” Steve said, before leaning up, wrapping his hands around the brunet’s neck, and pulling him down for quite possibly one of the most amaziNg kisses Tony had ever been a part of.
“Huh?”
Again, Steve shook his head, trying hard to remember if he’d ever gotten a good look at Tony’s chest. “Is it something to do with the heart surgery he had while he was held captive?”
“Banner should be here shortly,” Another voice spoke, this time on his right.
“It just… it seems like you’re trying to shut me out, and I don’t like it.”
Steve gave an apologetic look before heading back to his desk, to get as much done before his meeting as he could. Now time seemed to move faster than he could keep up with, and when Steve finally looked up it was time for his meeting. He got up, slowly, and walked towards Coulson’s office, knocking lightly when he got there.
“No…” Tony answered, turning away to respond to Steve without fear of Carol seeing.
The first time Tony tried, he just plain chickened out. Now that he had a plan to get with Steve, the prospect of being with Steve was terrifying.
“Hey hon,” Tony said, cheerily.
“I had a dream that I had mind blowing sex with Steve and I need to talk to you about it RIGHT NOW because I’m freaking out!” Tony blurted all at once.
“Daddy what ya doin’?” Cora asked from her play table.
Tony shook his head. “No, no, no, no, none of that,” Tony shook his finger, sitting up. Steve rolled off of him so they were sitting side by side. “We’re doing this how you want to do it.”
“Well yeah but that still doesn’t mean you guys won’t fu—”
That question ran through Tony’s mind for hours. Was he going to be able to do this without fucking up, like he had with everything else he’d ever done? That was too big of a question to answer on his own, Tony realized, and if he wanted help, that meant he’d have to go to his friends. As hard as it was going to be to tell them, Tony knew that he wouldn’t be able to get through this without them. So he sent out a text to just Pepper and Rhodey, asking them to come over for lunch and a talk.
“If it makes you feel better, I suppose you can help me,” Steve joked.
“Any time, Steve,” Bucky said from the doorway, closing the door behind him.
“Don’t you dare,” Tony hissed.
“So...let me get this straight. You could have gotten laid last night but
“Wouldn’t hear you what?” Tony practically whispered, feeling himself grow hard at the thought of what Steve had been up to.
“Look, I’ll think about it, ok?” Tony offered.
“Is everything alright?” Tony asked, seemingly waking up instantly. It was 7 AM, back on the East Coast, and though Steve had no idea Tony was in California, he knows Steve wouldn’t call so early if it weren’t important.
“Yes, sorry, please come in”
Tony stepped closer to the blond, taking his face in his hands. He took in every aspect of the man’s face before a huge smile spread on his face.
Steve stood completely still as the brunet finished tying off the scarf. Standing this close, he could smell Tony’s shampoo. The minty scent had a hint of something that Steve couldn’t quite place, but something about the aroma as a whole was extremely comforting.
“Anything to get you to quit whining,” Carol responded, lifting her mug up in cheers.
Tony waited patiently on all fours, as Cora moved to tighten her hold around his neck.
It didn’t take too long for Steve to bring out the whole spread. Being a college kid on a budget, there was really only so much he could make. Regardless, he was still proud of what he had put together. He laid out the chicken and creamy garlic pasta, salad, and warm rolls before pouring some Coke into the nicest cups he had.
“I’m sorry, but mom dying and you erasing every inch of her from this house isn’t nonsense. She was you wife. For some ungodly reason, she chose to bond with you and to marry you. You treated her like garbage when she’s alive, so I guess it shouldn’t surprise me that you’d treat her like garbage now, but I genuinely never expected this from you.”
“Well, this dinner took a rather unexpected turn,” Steve joked, not entirely sure how to progress the conversation.
Cora giggled at the thought, bringing a smile to the face of both of her parents.
“I had a lot of time to think Tony, and I know exactly what I am.”
“The hell we do! We’re just going to go on with life like this never happened.”
“Honestly...I just needed to breath. I’m not used to having this much attention on me, especially when I’m wearing next to nothing, so it all felt like a bit much,” Steve offered, slightly surprised with how truthful he was.
Before they could plan anything, though, Steve needed to figure out why he’d been so sick lately. As promised, when he got home the day before, he’d called his doctor, and thankfully he was able to get an appointment for the following day. Once he’d told Natasha about the appointment, she refused to let him go alone, which Steve found odd yet not out of character for the red head.
“This!” Steve thrust a receipt in Tony’s direction. “You cannot keep coming in here and leaving me these kinds of tips. This is my job, Tony, if you want to try to throw money at me, do it somewhere else.”
They sat there in silence until Pepper let out a small laugh, which caught Steve off guard. She met his eyes as a tear rolled down her cheek and she smiled at him.
“How’d you get to be so smart?” Tony asked, typing his good-bye to Steve.
“Well...yeah. Like Peter says,” Steve started, sparing a glance at the teen sitting across from them in the booth, “we’re going together, so we might as well. Plus it’s what the kids are doing these days.”
Somehow, Natasha, that sneaky little detective, managed to not only find the new blond hottie, but also got him to agree to attend their ‘first day of work’ celebratory happy hour. Or at least she said she had anyway. Tony sat at the long high top table in the middle of the bar’s outside area, freaking out at the sudden realization that there could be
“You picked me up at my
“How do you figure?”
“I need you, too.”
“Good. Brief him on the situation and make sure he’s prepared for the baby.”
"It's okay, Steve. All the alcohol or cooked off at this point. The bourbon's only in there for flavor."
Sharing clothes with people he cared about wasn't out of the ordinary for Tony. Every so often, he’d find himself borrowing something or other from someone on the team. What
Maybe.
After that first day, a habit formed. Steve would bring down food and then the two of them would just sit there while Tony worked. Steve being completely silent lasted all of five minutes, but Tony just gave up on pretending to be irritated by all the questions. As much as he hated to admit it, Tony actually enjoyed having Steve around. Aside from Bruce, no one ever expressed an interest in the things that he did. Though he knew practically everything he said was going over Steve’s head, Tony saw that he was trying and he couldn’t fault him for that.
(He is.)
Rhodey relaxes, and in turn, all of them do.
(Barnes is—)
But not enough.
“Rhodey!” Tony screams.
And it probably was so fucking
Because honestly, Steve doesn’t feel the need to keep Scott so close by. He will give him means to contact them in case he needs to, of course, but the fact is that out of all of them, Scott is probably the one who has the most chance of getting back home. The only thing he’s done wrong so far was to fight beside them in Leipzig. He doesn’t have the threat of the Accords looming over his head because he’s not an Avenger, although Steve can’t be sure how long that will last either. So, if he so decides, he can probably go home – and Steve would be fine with it. He really would. He’s not really comfortable with the idea of making Scott follow them around because of a problem that’s not really his. He has a family back in the USA. This is not his fight. Steve appreciates the help he gave them in Germany, stalling Tony so he and Bucky could escape to Siberia, but besides that he has no real obligation to follow them around or obey Steve’s orders.
Without looking at her, slightly too conscious of the way he leans into her touch, Tony calls:
recklessness, please, she has to see that.
He’s about to cut himself on the metal shoulder plate of Nebula’s arm, and he still can’t
“Before JARVIS got uploaded into Vision I had to piece him together from scraps scattered around the servers. It was the only way he could hide from Ultron without being caught. When that happened, some bits of Ultron got left behind too, from before he cut himself off from the Tower.” Tony explains, for the sake of clarity.
Just Tony, as a
“Wait, Imma need you to stop right there and explain that.” Tony raises a finger, blinking owlishly. “The what now?”
“Pep, why don’t you go eat something?” Tony suggests gently, throwing her a quick look.
“Tony.” Rogers says as a greeting, bland and impersonal and
“W—” Tony stumbles over his words, confused. “You’re not?”
thought we were just fine the way we were.”
wanted, with no restraints, no rules, and now you don’t know how to work with anyone but yourself.”
(He could try.)
“It’s a body.” Tony mutters, hopelessly. “A body, so… Not Thanos. Something else. Probably from the car crash.”
have they done that has caused people so much pain?
They compromised so much.
“And that’s all?”
Tony had told her no. Of course not. This was about them, Tony and Pepper, and nothing else.
would bring in a lot of money.”
c’mon, Steve, don’t do that. Talk to me, man.”
Maybe even more than most.
They look at him as if he has lost his mind – he hasn’t. If anything,
He just knows it.
But Shuri is in
(What would you have done?)
“I don’t know!” Tony throws his arms in the air. “So I guess I’m going out with you, then!”
What does that sound like, to everyone else? To Steve, it had sounded exactly as he said.
“Make a report, have a meeting. Assess damage, reach out to local response teams and make sure they have all resources they need to keep working after we leave – and establish a channel of contact, in case any following casualties reach out and require help.”
“I know, honey.” Tony admits sorrowfully. “I just… I want to help you.”
did he
“Mr. Lang left the Compound four hours after he settled in his room with the book he selected from the collection provided by Wong. He did not say where he was headed, but he left with his suit, and informed me he would be back as soon as possible. That he only needed to
Pepper’s hands are warm. They never once leave him as they walk back inside together, stumbling on the steps and standing very close inside the elevator despite its spacious interior, with Nebula always hovering close by. Nebula, in turn, walks in a mixture of awkwardness and wariness that falls upon Pepper with the weight of stones, gaze burning hot at their napes, and although Tony feels it with acute precision, Pepper completely ignores it. Or maybe she doesn’t even realize it; It’s possible, given how exhausted she looks. Tony wants to ask her what happened, wants to try to do whatever he can to make this easier for her, even if he knows that Pepper isn’t the sort to share her troubled feelings easily – but he can’t quite make himself to do it, even if his mouth opens and closes awkwardly for a second, breath hiccupping and carrying no words forward, because he’s frankly too afraid to ask.
“Yes, what’s wrong?”
But he hasn’t stopped wishing it would.
in his own rose-colored lenses and in the raw, unfiltered sight of truth; And in both, she’s so beautiful it hurts to look at her and know she’s stepping away, know the rope that they both struggled to hold on to is not slipping from her grasp, not because something else is pulling it, but because she’s letting it go – and she’s asking him to do it to. For both of them to drop it, even with so much balancing on it.
to get to spend a day with Tony Stark without
“Why did you come, Nat?” That’s all, that’s all he wants to know, and he promises he’ll shut up about it after this. They will never argue about this again. He only needs to know, he just needs to be sure, because although he is so, so grateful that Natasha is here, he still has no idea
She can’t—
– or just he’d been going along waiting for Tony to crack and admit it had been a joke, and
is not going to be enough!”
“They locked us inside a floating prison—”
on metal.” He mumbles to himself, his foot tapping insistently on the floor, anxious energy flowing through him in an unstoppable wave, the same jittery feeling he always gets when he’s right at the cusp of figuring out the answer to a puzzle, but he’s not
The Accords might not seem like a threat now, but they have no guarantee they will stay that way. First, it was the Avengers. How long until they were being forced on every single enhanced individual in the world, even those who don’t fight? How long until people stopped being treated as people and started being ranked by threat levels, losing all sense of their humanity, because power-hungry agencies would try to control them or push them into fighting each other?
(He was not supposed to take that long in the shower)
“Okay, alright, ignoring her since she’s decided to be a
Tony takes in a shuddering breath, raises his head, swallows back down all the shrieks and screams and pleas he has roaring inside, letting them die suffocated between the spaces beneath his ribs, and nods.
He thinks the Gauntlet is destroyed. That it’s useless.
Tony needs to choose.
Natasha stares at him for a brief moment, eyes wide and face unguarded, and then- he sees when the shield falls into place, shutting him out completely. “Thanks.” She whispers back, not unkindly, but not amicably either. “But I’m fine, Cap.”
And when he puts it like that, he has a point. Godly father, all too powerful, probably a little too overprotective of his things? Tony can imagine Odin being the kind of guy who you hide his toys in the darkest places in the universe, in the hope no one would find them.
Look at what you’ve done.
(Less than half.)
It is with great effort that he loosens up, after long, drawn-out minutes of controlling his breathing, and he leaves the comm on top of the nightstand, by the
After their fight… After they landed in Cairo and Steve saw the
(Afraid.)
, and then
“He is.”
agreed with you. Lucky for you, you are not the biggest fish I have to catch anymore, Stark.”
came – what
Natasha suddenly stands up, scaring the shit out of everybody. “The weapons from Thanos’ army.”
But it is too late.
Tony has survived against worse odds before. They have survived the Chitauri, they survived Ultron, they survived
Tony frowns, not following.
“You still
“Outside.” It’s all she says, like an order, and she doesn’t wait for his answer before she turns on her heels and walks away without looking back.
Sometimes, he wishes it did. Wishes for it so fiercely he wonders if he’s actually
(And you the one who just charges ahead and doesn’t care who you’ll hit?)
“No knowledge is forbidden in Kamar-Taj.” Wong says, with all the tone of someone who is used to say that phrase over and over again, like a proverb learned a long time ago, to never be forgotten.
Steve gives him a nonsensical look, actually kind of amused; Because he knows Sam is indignant for what he has just learned, learned about
But he does.
Steve gets a new wardrobe. And some pretty sweet Dodgers merch. Then almost a heart attack, when he finds out where the Dodgers have moved to, and then, he gets tickets to see them
A sob does escape his mouth at this point.
No. Not right now. Later. Safety first. That’s all that matters now.
(Don’t think about it.)
“I told you, you can call me Steve.”
, Tony thinks… Tony thinks he’s witnessing them becoming friends right before his eyes.
“Wanda and Pietro.” Barton says in a whisper.
It had been trusting, and safe.
, because lately, he feels like he’s been walking around with his chest burst wide open, with his beating heart exposed, to bruise and to scar, to
“See?” Tony points, even though it’s unnecessary, just so he has something to do with his hands. The image is a little distorted by the movement of the helmet, but it’s not completely useless – there’s clearly a figure in green perched on top of Thanos, who stands gigantic, threatening, even down in one knee, as Tony’s arms in the Mark L armor at the base of the frame grasp him by the wrist and pull the Gauntlet out of the bastard’s hand with all their strength. “Mantis is holding him down by manipulating his mind. It was the only thing that would get him to stop fighting long enough for us to get close.”
headline of today’s paper reflecting on his reading glasses all the way from where Tony’s sitting on the communal couch.
but he does need to head down and see what’s going on – why had FRIDAY not informed him as soon as the first responder showed up? Suddenly, the absence of Pepper on his side seems less lonely and much more pressing. Tony leaves with a final nod and a quick glance at Barton, who still sits curled in on itself like he’s trying to disappear, and Natasha wraps her free arm around his shoulders and pulls him to a half-hug that makes Barton’s shoulders hitch in a sob Tony can’t hear.
“Why now?” He asks; Not accusatory, not enraged, not even pleading. Maybe, morbidly, a little curious. Because he can’t help but feel like he missed something. He must have – a chance, a choice, something on the way that could have prevented this. Maybe it’s too late – maybe, he has to keep thinking maybe, because the hard, cold truth is too much to bear right now –, but he’d like to know, he thinks. It’d hurt, but he’d like to know.
with you!?”
(I’ll hold you to that, Captain.)
thing, are you?”
, should feel like it’s a simple request.
Rogers? Tony won’t even dare to think about.
Tony shakes his head sorrowfully.
to know how long we’ve got. We can’t push this until one of us falls, because then it’ll be too late.”
, he’s asking.
. Legally, politically or ethically. I could write an entire essay on it. And if I ever do, it's not gonna be here.
“Tony.” Cap calls suddenly, and Tony startles before looking at him, his eyes dragging like they don’t want to be removed from the gate, his brain lagging a few milliseconds behind.
(He has to say it; Because he has a feeling the person who this project is meant to won’t.)
.” She nearly commands. “You can’t put on a suit and go out there to lift buildings with your hands when you have a
thing is a little more literal than you think.” Lang cryptically says.
Steve goes.
Howard is insane. He has to be. Why would he do such a thing? Doesn’t he know this is killing Maria slowly, quietly, and her heart can’t take much more of this?
at the same time.
What the
that happened after Tony told him the Raft was not his fault, after the documents were revised and Barton
, awkwardly balancing himself on narrow steps and leaning heavily on Nebula’s side, injured and lacking nourishment.
“Steve.”
We, meaning him, Natasha, and Clint – but that’s ridiculous because Cap is just standing here not doing anything!
“Is everything ok?” Sam asked, now concerned.
out of line asking if you’ve bonded? Forgive me for offending your delicate sensibilities,” Carol said, incredulously.
“Are we just gunna stand here staring at all this or are we actually going to eat it?!”
Steve looked at Tony, silently willing him to just spell out what he was thinking. The brunet just smiled and rolled his eyes fondly.
Tony turned around to see Steve standing in the living room doorway.
“The Super Soldier Serum really is a wonderful thing.”
“Surprise!” Tony sang, with a big smile on his face. “A little birdie named Peggy may have told me just how much you and Cora love penguins. So I figured I’d get her these stuffed penguins that kind of, but not really, look like the two of you, while I got you the chance to feed some of these little guys.”
"Is everything alright?" Tony asked walking into the apartment looking worried.
“That’s so crazy, Mr. Stark, didn’t you say you were going to an engagement party on Saturday as well?” Peter asked with an inquisitive smile.
“This is perfect,” Pepper affirmed, looking down at the bottle momentarily. “So, I’m sure you know who I am, but I’m not so sure you know why I’m here.”
Steve broke the kiss to rest their foreheads together, caressing Tony’s cheek. “As long as it's with you, I know it’ll be amazing.”
“I really appreciate you giving your opinion Bucky, but--”
,” Bruce said, astounded.
“Alright, Tony. Just… let’s get some rest okay?” Steve asked, forcing a smile. He knew Tony saw right through it, but the brunet just yawned returned his head to Steve’s chest.
They walked into what Steve correctly assumed would be their office space. Clint took a seat at one of the three desks in the long, rectangular room, propping his feet up as he rested his hands behind his head. “Finally, I get to take a load off,” Clint sighed, closing his eyes and settling into the relaxing position.
“Tony…”
He gestured for Pepper to take his seat, as he stepped out of the way.
“What’ll you have?” the voice asked, sounding amused.
"Why did you break up with Tony?" Peggy asked in a stern voice. Steve flinched as if he'd actually been hit by her question. Out of all the things he expected her to say, that definitely wasn't one of them.
“Bye mama, I love yew!”
Tony could tell that Steve wasn’t happy in the slightest about Bucky’s behavior. He wanted nothing more than to put a stop to the questions, but Tony knew that he needed to get through this. He gingerly placed his hand on Steve’s arm, causing the blond to look at him, concerned. Tony just gave him a small smile before stepping forward to stand right in front of Bucky.
And yet, his dick couldn’t care less about work, and responsibilities and all those annoying things that he had to do. So Tony rolled his eyes, before taking hold of himself to finish what had started in his dream. It only took a few minutes of thinking back to those days in December for Tony to come with Steve’s name on his lips. He knew that this wasn’t healthy, that he couldn’t keep doing this, but as time went on Tony began to realize that their friendship meant more to him than a romantic relationship. So he reached over to his side table for a tissue to clean himself up, and begrudgingly started his day.
“Sorry,” she whispered. “Here ya go!” Cora handed Tony a small box with a thin bow on it. He looked at the box, slightly confused, but Steve just nervously smiled as he removed the bow and opened the box.
Tony’s head snapped up, giving Bruce his full attention now.
“Yeah. You said it yourself, I earned it.”
“What’s up?” Steve asked, apprehensively.
"Well, thank you for that. I'm probably still gunna keep talking to Bug while you're asleep though, since we’ve already got such a good thing going,” Tony offered, giving an apologetic shrug.
Since they’d made up, Tony had spent day after day convincing himself that Steve would eventually leave for good. He’d opened up to Steve about his family and their money, and that seemingly drove him away. Tony wanted to believe that Steve would be able to love the real him just as much as he had before learning his real identity. Really, he did. But every argument they’d had in the last few months would always pop up in his memory to remind him otherwise.
“You get this look on your face every time you talk about him. Your eyes light up and your smile softens and your whole being just seems brighter. Even when you’re worried, talking about something that’s hard for you, it’s still obvious to see that you’re talking about him.”
“Alright, well I think that’s it for the interview, but I wanted to ask if we’ve met somewhere before. You seem so familiar to me but I don’t know why.”
“A girl you’d be sweet on? Do you listen to yourself when you speak?”
“Wait… what?” Tony asked, thoroughly confused. “First of all, I thought Peggy was coming for Cora tonight.”
“I...yes?” he asked, still not quite sure of himself “I mean...I think I do anyway. We haven’t bonded or anything like that, but...I think that I want to.”
What started as a chaste kiss to the tattoo turned into a trail of biting and licking and sucking as Tony worked his way across Steve’s neck and chest, leaving hickey after hickey. Steve was helpless to do anything else besides hold onto Tony’s hips, rubbing the tattoo with his thumb.
"Regardless, I don't want to go to some party at Stark's, and have him get all drunk so he can be an even bigger asshole."
“Ew,” Sam said. “You two are gross.”
“He...I…” Steve stammered looking into the booklet
“I um… let’s just get through this project and we’ll talk about it later okay?” Tony hadn’t thought much about how he was going to break the news that he’d have to spend Christmas away from Steve and Coraline. Truth be told, he was dreading having to tell Steve about his holiday plans. Tony had intentionally made no effort to bring up his family unless it was strictly necessary. He wasn’t ready for the absolute shit show of a conversation the talk about his family would be. He probably wouldn’t ever be ready for that.
“How many sexual partners have you had?”
“Great,” Steve replied, slightly annoyed.
“Is this supposed to prove something?”
’ me. Steve has done something so incredibly idiotic, and I want to know why. Why would you be so careless, so reckless, so...so stupid?”
“You know, I never thought I’d be having a conversation like this, especially not with you.”
“Just need the copy room keys that I asked for while you were flirting with the new gym teacher,” Peter replied, now looking unbelievably smug.
Steve slowly raked his hands down the alpha’s body, admiring the torso that had been on display under that lace shirt all evening. Without a single warning, once his hands reached Tony’s waist, Steve swiftly leaned over, taking the cock below him into his mouth. Tony gave a punched out groan at the feeling of his cock hitting the back of Steve’s throat, and the omega preened at that. His goal for the night was to do nothing but make Tony feel good, and it seemed that he was off to a great start.
Tony stroked Steve’s face softly, before leaning in to kiss him, as gently as possible. They continued to kiss, lazily for a few minutes, before resting their foreheads together.
“I...invited Steve to the thing,” Tony practically whispered.
Steve woke up, drenched in sweat and writhing in pain. He’d been feeling like absolute shit for almost two weeks now, and he couldn’t figure out why at first...until today. This was the first time since he hit puberty that Steve had gone into an unexpected heat. He’d always tried to be so careful to make sure that he took his suppressants, and to this day he had always stayed on top of it. However, the new suppressant he was taking, a shot given once every three months, had it’s side effects; one being the possibility of an unexpected heat. The omega cursed himself for not noticing the signs sooner so he could possibly stop it or at least prepare for it. He sat in his apartment, alone, in the worst pain, while the people he trusted most were nowhere near to help.
“Bucky asked, you said it was none of his business, but you’d tell me if I wanted to know. Now I want to know.”
“It’s okay, Heidi, we’ll take the one suite,” Steve chimed in, eager to prevent the impending panic attack that was brewing in front of him.
“Hi, ma’am can I help you?” Steve asked.
“Hey there mister,” Tony smiled leaning in for a kiss, “how do you expect me to keep my hands to myself when you wear a shirt like that?”
Steve was aware their co-working space sat atop a system of both above and below ground walkways, filled with shops and offices, as well as an entrance to the subway. Somehow, though, he’d never managed to actually get down there to explore. Seeing it all now, completely empty and feeling almost abandoned, Steve felt a sense of wonder and amazement that he didn’t think was still possible. It’d been five years since Steve had moved to Washington, D.C. in the hopes of growing his startup, and though he thought he’d seen most everything the area had to offer, he still found himself occasionally being surprised by the wonders he was still discovering.
“I’m pretty sure that letting all of you live in my house is all the bonding I’m ever going to need.”
“I’m just glad to know he’s doing better.” He says, because he is. He really is. But just hearing it is not enough; he has to see it, to see Bucky, to give him a hug and tell him everything is going to be fine and
They all made a choice.
(It’s not fair.)
Because Natasha is right, and so much of this problem, of this insane manhunt against Bucky, stems only from the fact that no one
Rogers walks slow, slow enough that compared to all the others it almost seems like he’s avoiding each and every step forward, rethinking it at least twice every time he takes a stride, even if the expression in his face is just blank calm and determination.
“Just because you call something
anything by it.)
Thor points at Nebula, bold, and it’s easy to see how she instantly hardens her expression and posture as soon as all the attention shifts to her.
“Any report on weapons?” Rogers asks.
“We trust you.” Steve assures, but Wanda shakes her head.
And that was reckless, and insensitive, and arrogant and he
“So you just don’t convince her otherwise?” Steve accuses.
Tony knows better than to believe everyone hurt by his weapons would forgive him just because he had a change of heart, pun not intended.
No, no, that’s not
He didn’t use to think he would ever be able to have children, not because of physical inability but… because of everything else. Bad examples, all sort of issues and baggage, never enough willingness to compromise his objectives in favor of others’ comfort, tendencies into getting himself into more and more dangerous situations every time; Tony
He can see the moment the word
“Still.” Rogers says. “Thank you, Thor. We’ll do what we can to work with this.”
“You repaid the favor quite nicely, mister” Tony flirts back, before he can think twice about it, feeling inexplicably amused by the sudden turn in Steve’s behavior – awkward, but still flirty? That’s…
He hadn’t been expecting them all to believe him immediately when he said Bucky was innocent—
He leaves.
It feels like relief, and it feels like deceit.
(He understands.)
its so real and so tangible that it somehow turns itself into sensation, into solid, and it lays heavily right atop of his stomach, dragging it down low almost to his feet.
But he admits that he
He’d take nightmares, now. He’d take anything.
Maybe that had impacted his relationship with Vision. Okay, who is he kidding, it definitely had. Ultron, and Wanda, and JARVIS’ death, it all piled up in a way Tony simply couldn’t see past for a long while. Him stepping back probably hadn’t helped, now that he thinks about it – how much could have Vision felt, about his absence? It almost seemed impolite to ask, in retrospect. But he wondered, because he always did. How much had the Stone made him
(That already feels like a lie.)
the beginning of an opportunity.
what people can become, and  the possibility will always be there at the back of his head, even if he tries to hide it.
It’s an offering of something, something gentler, something more thoughtful, something…
His choice.
(But I have to.)
And all Tony can say to her is the bitter truth.
They’ve got time.
that child-like
“This isn’t a
. How did you-- Did you really walk around hiding that from us for nine months? How many hours of sleep have you lost because of this?”
“You—” She begins, but immediately stops, almost coughing with the way her words get stuck, her mouth open in horror and her eyes gleaming with something that looks
“That went well.” Sam murmurs, exhaling heavily, before throwing Steve a worried glance and picking up his own belongings, picking up his pace to follow them into the palace.
Did he—
“Then why did it happen before?” Steve whispers, almost like a plea, because he can’t find the answer for himself no matter how hard he tries. “Why didn’t he stop it?”
Tony didn’t even know Thor could look like this. The guy was just—
Steve clears his throat, quick and low, a sound that barely lasts a second, but it works; It snaps Vision back to reality, his gaze unfocused and distracted when he turns his eyes back to Steve, looking almost disoriented.
“Not anymore.” She says, resolute. “I promise.”
Steve sighs.
He stands there, before a god, with a replica of the Infinity Gauntlet in his hands, giving it to Tony.
“The Reactor.” Steve breathes, quietly, because saying too loud seemed impossible. “Tony is using a Reactor again. How long has he been using it?”
Natasha fought for the Accords. Natasha distrusted Bucky, every single step of the way. Natasha is unpredictable, she could change alliances at any point in time – not because she isn’t loyal, but because she is always trying to find a way out, trying to find a second, a third, a fourth solution, whatever solution is necessary so she won’t get hurt.
(Not now, Tony.)
To see this, to see her enter the armor he built for her by her own means, feels
the people out there!” Pepper points at the door, irritably. “We should be planning to expand the area of IntelliCrops, planning how to turn the city into a sustainable power source—"
“Is that what we’re gonna do?” Tony needles, and
“Put me in comms.” He tells Cap, and with no preamble he flies, up, higher and higher, hoping to get a good look at the fence before he
Compared to all of that, being asked – or rather, being
. “Please tell me you didn’t do what I think you did.”
He allows it to wear him down. He cannot ignore it.
“When?” Tony inquires, half-heartedly.
the damned thing to him, for him to grasp it, to hold it, as if that what was Tony intended to do by getting closer. It
in the middle of everything that’s happened. A panic bar is separating Tony from the outside, from
“I did.” Tony holds up his arms, to allow Bruce access to his wound. “How do you think I got stabbed?”
(Tragedy has been carved so deep inside you.)
“It is… unlikely.” Vision hesitates. “I cannot give you any true confirmation as the trial has not occurred yet, but for now, Mr. Lang is being detained at a penitentiary in Pennsylvania, not in any prison administered by the military. It is believed his lawyer will conduct an appeal to have him transferred to a correctional facility or something similar, but it is unclear if it will be an option. I’m afraid I don’t have all details about his defense appeal quite yet.”
He thinks about it all the way to the cells. Sam grins at him mischievously when he spots him, and Steve is so glad to see them all, to see them mostly unharmed, even though seeing Wanda restrained makes his gut tighten with barely contained fury, indignant and disgusted, his hands aching with an animalistic desire to make Ross pay for such cruelty against a
her. “She probably—”, and then he stops.
Tony takes in a deep breath, and looks away. His coffee, on the counter, slowly goes cold.
“It was
Why is she screaming? If she wants to talk to him, she can get closer.
“Rogers.”, Tony replies.
“What sort of samples you’ll need, Doctor Banner?” Tony asks, a little more confidently, turning to Bruce with a renewed sense of hope for possibilities.
what all of that means. He can take a wild guess and make some assumptions, of course, but— he hadn’t considered this before. He never thought about the Avengers as a government-endorsed group, just as a rapid-response team, and as most of their PR was handled by Tony and the group he hired from SI, he had never considered how
“I kinda have to go with Nat on this one, Cap.” Sam says, stepping a little closer to Natasha so he can look at Steve, as if he needs to observe his posture to gauge if Steve is really telling the truth. “You just don’t do shit like that, man. That’s a huge secret. And the guy was your
Guys...GUYS! I am SO excited for this chapter, y’all don’t even know! I feel like I should put it out there that this story has slowly but surely taken over all corners of my life and I love it! I don’t think I’ve ever been so utterly in love with anything I’ve written before. Part of that excitement comes from knowing that Clem and I have created a story that not only means something to us, but you guys as well. So thanks to everyone who’s stopped by to read this, or give kudos or comment. We love you all!!!!
“Why not? I thought things were...I thought things were going well between us,” Steve stated, in a small voice.
“Whacha up to?” she asked, carefully making her way to his bed.
At the moment, though, it felt like Rhodey was the worst enemy Tony had ever encountered. As the man continued to look at him expectantly, Tony’s scowl deepened.
“Really? Even after all the grief I’ve given you for the past three years?” Tony asked, a hint of hope in his voice.
“Oh, yeah definitely, that’s fine. I’ll get out of your hair, just...come by tonight around 7, alright? We never really did have that dinner date, so I figure making you an apology dinner would be as good a time as any.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re so afraid of this that you’d rather run than fight,” Steve spoke, while walking to the door, “well if that’s what you want then fine. But don’t think that you get to have your cake and eat it too. Mason and I are a packaged deal, you don’t just get to throw me away and expect me to think you wouldn’t do the same to her.”
“You’re an idiot.” Bucky tells him, and Steve has no choice but to admit that he has a point. “Just ask him out.”
Tony looks at the drawing for a long, long moment, his eyebrows arched to high they almost look cartoonish.
“My readings also detect a massive decline in the total surface area of forests and vegetation. I am unable to calculate the percentage, but the visuals present evidence. I can form a projection to further clarify the results of the analysis.”
not blaming you. I’m not blaming either of us.” Pepper says, and it’s strong, it’s hard and unyielding, it’s decision and demand, and even though the dark, vicious, malicious voices at the back of Tony’s head never stop whispering, they do go quieter, because Pepper’s voice is more important, more honest, more truth, more of what Tony so desperately needs to hear right now. “A relationship, even if it’s long, doesn’t magically transform people. I love you for who you are, and I want you to be that. So I can’t ask you to give something that makes you…
It’s not reprehension, but it’s also not easy admittance – and it’s also not something in between. It sounds a little distant, like the words sink into her head in a place much deeper than they should go, and she’s following them down a specific path that Tony can’t reach from the outside. A place only for her, where she keeps the words and thoughts she doesn’t say out loud. Tony, who is always in awe of her, who is in a constant state of knowing exactly how she reacts and what she thinks and being surprised by it every single time, wonders what is going on in her mind.
don’t have
Nebula reaches out quickly and unplugs the thing with a quick, deadly movement – half-breaking it, seems like, because instead of flat-lining the machine just goes completely silent – and looks back at Tony, looking two seconds away from wringing his neck.
“You know that’s not what I mean.” Bruce exhales exasperatedly. “I mean Steve. What was that?”
The moment should be mundane, should be
This time, it has nothing to do with the air.
“Not again?”
– well,
for that. There are other geneticists and other emergency responders and other engineers and other specialists – but no one else knows about aliens and otherworldly threats like they do. He will help, he’ll do whatever he can, he will – but no one else but
(Fix it.)
” Tony exclaims between tight lips, the words strangled between his teeth, fighting against Nebula’s hands.
Goddamn
But he wonders.
why they’re concerned in the first place, because they very well have reasons to be. After the shitshow that was their
something to destroy itself unless you want it to collapse in a
, and this could all be forgotten as one long, horrible nightmare. “We’ll be fine.”
“The composition of Vision’s physical form consisted in a structure made of Helen Cho’s artificially created neutral cells and a substantial amount of—"
to deal with, alright? So I’m sorry I didn’t realize what was happening, and I’m sorry I didn’t act sooner. But I am
(What if it already has?)
“Bigger. Industrial size. Maybe bigger than that, even.” Tony frantically tells them. “That’s the first thing we need.”
Tony is just a man—
to make her talk.”
“Are you making fun of me?” Steve asks in a rush, voice hard.
They both stop, heaving breaths and just staring at each other, mortified they’ve just essentially
The world spins around Tony, out of focus like a speeding car, and Tony’s body locks up completely, all his muscles contracting in pure instinct, so hard and unmoving it feels they’re made of marble. His heart beats so loud and so furiously he can’t hear anything else past it, exploding inside his chest, and it hurts, it hurts, all the way down to his arms, and Tony desperately wants to reach for his torso and check he isn’t injured, he isn’t bleeding to death again, but his hands are trembling and spasming with the adrenaline, and he can’t move them at all. He can’t feel them. They tingle and they burn, but they don’t
. There is no other way.
“So, this is good.” Clint says, allowing himself to fall back into his chair, taking a breath so deep it’s a surprise it doesn’t hurt his lungs. Steve is unsure if he is asking or if he’s affirming it. He is unsure of Clint even knows what he is trying to say. “This is good.”
Steve forces his own shoulders to drop, even though the released tension on his back doesn’t help easing the churning of his stomach.
“The problem was that
He blasts a repulsor towards the ground in desperation, loud and sudden, the impact against the soil exploding rock and dirt in a shocking, sharp sound. The crowd reacts viciously, shouting in fear and surprise, and the turmoil aggravates even worse, as people shuffle and push around to run away from the blast, even though they’re still trapped on the other side of the fence, scared that Tony might aim his next shot at them.
And it’s guilt and sorrow and affection and grief and everything else, all mixed together into a hurricane of emotions that wrecks chaos in his body, and he can’t sit here and act like he’s noble when the only thing keeping him upright is something so frail, so excruciatingly… so – so
thinks of Tony. First T’Challa, and now Sam.
As we near the ending of Pepper's arc, let's take a break and consider Bruce for a moment.
He had thrown the first punch, it’s true.
Steve then decides to do what he does best: bond in battle. He’s not lined up to go to a mission anytime soon, seeing as Thor, Wasp, Jessica Jones, Hellcat, Daredevil, and Luke Cage are all still off-campus fighting AIM, so he’ll have to get to Tony in one of the training quarters. Problem is, Tony rarely goes to the Dojo, and he trains at the Gym at odd times.
Wanda nods in confirmation, as if she had known this before.
Bucky is a good man. A good man who’s been dealt the worst hand possible. Seeing him there, in
, a hopelessness that’s hard for someone like him to handle. It’s not fair.
nonetheless. Maybe Tony is just as eager to hang out as Steve is, not that Steve would allow himself to believe that, even if the mere idea is enough to make his chest feel all tight and warm with happiness.
rational, that can be put into words and maybe said out loud, is the most stupid thing he could think of:
Christ, that doesn’t make any sense, does it?
some of Thanos’ crazy got into Ultron, shouldn’t we have some evidence of that by now?”
(But you know—)
Bucky, it's your turn. I am done with Steve making harsh decisions using you as an excuse. There are no more time-pressing matters. No more reason to grab a gun and run. How do Steve's arguments hold up, I wonder, when they don't have the adrenaline to hide the less than polished corners of his armor - Or should I say, his shield? Did he think any of this through? That's what we're about to find out.
He reflexively gulps down on nothing, feeling that phantom sensation of blood between his gums once again, rubbing his palms together and leaning forward again, jittery all of a sudden, like a new rush of a drug entering his system. His leg starts to feel itchy again, and he can’t help but bounce it a little bit to take the edge off.
“It’s like a military system.” Bruce deduces, looking at Rhodey for confirmation. “Right? It’s like being sent on missions based on what your superiors deem necessary, and not just because you want to go.”
makes a noise.
Accidents. Fire. Death. How many more?
He did, but
again… So maybe we shouldn’t. Maybe we should quiet down,
“You do that.” Steve teases. “And maybe tomorrow we can go out together. Double date.”
The crowd can hear them coming, even though they scream and cry incessantly as they march, and some of them turn around to look at the sky, eyes squinting to see past the engulfing darkness, and as soon as they realize they’ve got company, they start screaming
He’s tired.
So he walks, in silence, and Nebula holds him the entire way.
“Can you guys
Rhodey ribbing him about his habits? Fine. Normal routine, for them. Tony is used to it.
(So eager to throw yourself into the harm’s way you don’t even weight your odds.)
“I was so worried about you.” Pepper admits, in a whisper as soft as his own. Her eyes open, but she stares the doors with her gaze vacant, taking in breaths that are far too calculated to be natural. “I thought you were dead, Tony.”
this new truth, because if magic cubes can exist, how weird could it be that magic people also exist?
But it is no predator.
(Think, Tony.)
They are putting him in Atwater for
. It makes his skin crawl, memories of having his heart shredded open while Obie stood before him with his metaphorical heart in his hand, speaking in the same tones he used to when he was reassuring Tony of his value after a fight with his father.
“Even if it’s to save someone.” She amends, firmly. “Even then. Promise me you won’t put yourself on the line if there’s any other way to do what you need to do.”
“I’m just… Sorry.” Tony hesitates. “I know it’s scary. I know it might seem unnecessary. But it isn’t.”
Steve feels lightheaded. He doesn’t know how to react to this. “I didn’t know.”
to know. He’s worried, because he… he held back, in Siberia, but he knows that even when he does, Steve is much stronger than the average man. For God’s sake, Steve once stopped a
“What?” Tony babbles.
“Mistakes?” Thor blinks, stepping closer so softly it’s almost imperceptible. “What did he do?”
“And then?”
Which is
of it. He could say he didn’t know better because he sure didn’t have the best role models, but since when is he allowed to accept poor excuses for himself? He doesn’t, not ever. He simply has to live with the knowledge that he screwed up, more than once, but dammit,
With one attack.
Tony won’t admit that he is grateful, but he is.
He can’t even imagine what he must have sounded like, in a letter of apology written when he was still so angry, still so lost inside his own morals, still feeling like the fight hadn’t ended. Like self-important, arrogant dick, probably. Tony might’ve burned the damned thing, and Steve wouldn’t have blamed him. But he hopes he kept the phone. If nothing else in that piece of paper, Steve had meant his last words the most, and he
That’s always the problem.
It makes him feel
doesn’t always save lives. There is so much value in emotion, in instinct, even if Steve sometimes tries his best to fight off his own. Contradictions are an important part of being
“But soon.”
“Tony.” Rhodes insists, dangling the keys in front of Tony’s face. “Give me the Audi.”
Thankfully no one on the
But she goes ahead and sits back on the chair.
not to be…
Tony has seen Titan, and he needs to
“Hey, Cap.” Tony greets, a little breathless.
Maybe it’s sadness. Tony wouldn’t put it past him. Though gone are the days Tony believes Steve is actually as innocent and well-intentioned as he looks, there is one thing about him Tony will never deny: That he’s an idealistic idiot. Fair is fair, takes one to know one. Maybe he thought, like Tony had, like he had foolishly dreamed, that this could be salvaged yet. Maybe the shoe only dropped for Tony, and Steve is still catching up. Or refusing to catch up. Equally as possible. Annoyingly probable.
As the light shifts steadily with each floor the elevator passes by, Pepper closes her eyes for a moment, squeezing tight, her mouth twisted and brows scrunched together, and her grip on Tony’s arm becomes just a little tighter, her fingers digging steadily into his forearm. It hurts to watch more than it hurts to feel her nails sinking into his skin.
(Stop.)
He doesn’t know what Rogers told him. He has no idea what Wong is thinking right now. Tony can only fidget under his hard gaze, and hope this
But he has to ask.
Their first stop after they leave the United States is Wakanda.
Vision seems taken aback with his sudden intensity, but he answers as calmly as ever. “Neither Mr. Stark or the Secretary of State know where I am, Captain. There is no need to worry.”
How can he fight
. He was going to kill Bucky!”
Steve wants to protest, but the words won’t come out of his mouth.
“Do you mind if Viz and I go out for a moment?” She asks, a little subdued. “We won’t be long.”
Maybe he would have forced himself to stay with his shoulders down, faking ease, and would have had the chance to remind himself that
“M’sorry.” He mumbles, but it’s sincere. “About Dr. Foster. And… your brother.”
Pepper pushes back and leaves the circle of Tony’s arms, his body immediately feeling cold when her heat leaves, and he has a brief moment of irrational panic in which he almost grabs her and brings her back, scared of what might happen if he lets her go. But he doesn’t, because she doesn’t go far. She just… scoots back. To look at him. He feels nonsensically empty as she leaves, like she’s just left the room again, like he’s stranded in outer space again, with only ruins and dust to fill the empty spaces inside,
Or so Pepper tells him.
, okay, Pepper, he admits it, but still, he doesn’t want to—
, in fact.
“Think about it.” Rhodey makes an open-handed gesture, as if presenting an invitation. “We all know the reason why Loki came all the way down here was to get some revenge on Thor for being King. Maybe he was being manipulated or maybe he wasn’t, but there’s no reason for him to choose
“You’ve got some fight in you.” The man says, as if he’s pleased. His eyes are focused on Jarvis’ hand on the gun, but he is not afraid. “I see why Howard Stark would like to have you around. Men with no spine can’t take much of his ego, I guess.”
and that was
that floods him at the mere thought that Steve might hurt Bucky in any way.
(But you don’t want to, either.)
They all stop in their places, collectively shocked.
“So you’re telling me we have no way out?” Tony interrupts, hysterically. “That we all should accept we’re going to go extinct in a few weeks and I should just sit by and
(No.)
” Natasha says, outraged, as if she is ready to attack; When her body freezes and her eyes go wide with realization, and she looks at Steve without actually seeing him, her mind trapped in a distant memory. “That’s why you don’t have it. Your shield. You left it there.”
Nebula assesses him with a careful gaze, and at least, she grants him the courtesy of not pointing out his friends might all be gone by now.
(Does it matter?)
“But one beam of a star would be more than enough to power thousands of them – or a really big one—” Tony trails off, not because he stops thinking, but his mouth becomes incapable of following the speed at which his mind fires, “FRIDAY, my dear, where are Nebula and the Care Bear?”
. They will lock you up, he wants to say. They won’t care. They will pin the blame of their own mistakes on you and you’ll regret it, they’re just trying to find someone to crucify, someone to be their scapegoat. They’ll say you’re dangerous and they will torture you. They will put you in shackles. They will strip away everything you are.
Rogers has not touched him since Siberia. Tony doesn’t know why this is the thing he focus on, but it is.
He won’t ask. But somehow, he knows he’s right.
(Like a brand, like a tattoo forever marring Tony’s skin.)
Steve huffs out a laugh, but it’s true. He does ignore stealth for the sake of quick action more often than not. But then, although Steve has never been one to prefer stealth, he’s not completely useless at it. If he was, he wouldn’t have gotten inside the Raft without Natasha. He probably wouldn’t even made it back to the United States.
(Something you tried to be, isn’t it?)
Barton’s expression doesn’t change, but
It’s just a never-ending cycle, at it will
“Your family—” Tony stutters, and the rest of the words get trapped in his throat, and he can’t force them out.
punching bags in the
following the government’s agenda!”
in short supply, have been for almost two years now.” Vision says, pointedly looking at Clint. His tone is so leveled Steve isn’t sure if it’s meant to be a joke or an accusation, but it makes him feel
use a bite before we go, you know, do some exercise.”
(Would you look at that.)
Now, for another matter: Remember that gift fic I mentioned in the last chapter? You can vote for which prompt is going to be based on now!
“Then perhaps, if you’d like to keep her friendship after this night…” T’Challa says, and his tone might sound like a suggestion, but Steve is well aware that it
“I’m here.” Tony interrupts, uncomfortable. “Okay? Doesn’t matter. I’m here.”
(If there is one thing you don’t have in this world, Rogers, is the favor of time.)
Past tense. Bruce notices too, and he quickly moves closer with a concerned gaze, his entire face open in an expression of sympathy. He does not touch Thor, but they lock eyes, and an understanding seems to pass between them; A silent conversation, a question of
And he means it, he absolutely means it, and Steve can see it in his eyes.
They laugh all the way to the park, they joke around while Tony grabs them a bite from the shawarma stand, they sit together by the tree and Tony even leans against his shield where Steve props it against the trunk, and both of them sort of lie down together, to avoid putting their asses on the floor and risk putting pressure on the tender bruises Bobbi was so kind to gift them with.
this? Is this—is this his way of telling them it’s over? That they have no home back there now? That he won’t have them back if they try to repair things? It’s not
, she exasperatedly claims. She says he has nothing to prove. And it’s true – and at the same time, it isn’t, and Tony can’t explain it properly to himself, much less to her or Rhodey, or anyone else.
“Not them.” Cap points to the bars with a tilt of his head. “The gate.”
As whatever the fuck Tony will have him as.
“We have teams of SHIELD agents out there right now trying to scout safehouses and calm survivors. There’s a lot of rubble, because of accidents. A guy like you, that can go big like a building, could help clear the debris and open passage wherever they may need.”
closing in on itself like it’s collapsing on unsteady bones and beams.
Tony takes in a huge breath, ready to
(Something that’s now part of
Tony squeezes his eyes shut. Her grip on his wrist tightens, almost to the point of being painful.
“Pym Particles.” Lang clarifies. “A little secret Hank Pym has been sitting on for a few decades.”
“Not yet.” Rhodey replies instead. “We’re waiting for some additional information, and we might still hang here for a few hours to see if it arrives. We’ll get in contact if anything changes.”
“I saw Cap’s message this morning. Tried to get into a computer at the store close to my house to see what was going on, because all the lights went out in my apartment last night, and the message was playing on repeat right across the room. I know he said SHIELD agents should come in, but I thought…” Lang trails off, looking lost. “I thought I could help, somehow. I’m not really sure what’s going on, but I don’t think it’d be right if I didn’t call in and let you guys know I’m here.”
“You’ll have to forgive my curiosity” he says, equally calm. “But when one’s employer is assassinated, one tends to be wary of potential dangers.”
(Rogers.)
She probably should.
move slowly because his wound is starting to throb from all the careless movements he’s been making when he still should be in bed rest.
of him, so pathetic and sentimental, so incredibly ridiculous, but he can’t
, and he knows he can because Nebula is living proof that Tony
that would
stifling than the bile rising up with throat at the very
DMs or my
Because you’re
Nothing.
A lot of it it’s just guessing work, but once he recognizes a pattern of commands, a backlog including last known flight paths, he follows it back home to the main commands registered and finds a system of coordinates. It’s like the world’s most unnecessarily complicated GPS. There are some specific locations, recurring numbers showing up sometimes more than four times across the entire log, but unfortunately, Tony doesn’t know what any of them mean. He has no idea where they lead to.
“Where is he?”
Maybe because Steve tells himself that it’s okay if there’s any casualties in the aftermath of their mission, but he failed to understand the world does not agree. Maybe because he has once claimed the safest hands are their own, but he has torn apart both institutions that gave him any oversight, and he failed to see why that would make people scared. Maybe because he used to wear a
He can’t remember.
(Don’t you
. Not a single one, at least; They didn’t come here all together. This isn’t a gang, or an army, or any other kind of delimited group, these are
And Tony knows his problems. We don’t really need to go into detail.
To protect them? To
He makes a lazy gesture with his neck, his head swaying to the side a little, eyes fluttering in a tired expression.
looking at each other’s eyes, like it’s the first time they’ve actually done it. He has never connected with Natasha like this. With any of them. This is incredibly new, this deep, unwavering trust, the kind of bond he expected to have only with Bucky for the rest of his life…
muttered under his breath.
And he feels like an empty husk, echoing in the spaces inside that give no reply.
For your final consideration, I've also brought some gifts, of sorts. As I've mentioned to some of you, I have a list of Post-CW fics that I enjoy immensely and recommend at every chance I get, because they all had a little something to contribute to my analysis and outlining of this fic - and now, you can find these fics in this
“He treated her like Ultron treated me.” Natasha nods to herself, eyes vacant. “Like he was sorry for hurting her. And he sounded like he meant it. Not a lot of villains walk around with a guilty consciousness like that.”
He needs to
“I could.” Natasha assures. “I haven’t heard anything, but I could pull some strings just to make sure.”
He can keep this. Steve wants to keep this.
Tony heaves out a deep sigh, feeling guilty for his overly-cautious posture when Thor is being so tortuously polite, and he forces his voice to be gentler and more considerate when he replies, “Did you need him for something?”
“FRI, send them a message.”
She pretends, and she sings, and even thought it makes her feel like she’s dying, she keeps doing it, because it’s the only way her memory of Anthony can keep on living.
of everything. It was jarring. But to be truthful, it’s nice to feel like he’s not alone.
Every time Tony said he would stop but he didn’t. Every time she said she would come by the Compound and be more present in the face of Tony’s other occupation and then didn’t.
this?” Thor stands up, tall and imposing,
For now, thank you all for reading and commenting! I'll see you in the next one ;)
Told you we weren't done talking about the consequences happening outside the Compound yet.
trust Barnes.”
?” A voice calls, loud and surprised, and both Tony and Nebula startle terribly, but where Nebula keeps her posture stiff and her hands ready to reach for her weapons, Tony’s entire body sags, and the feeling that bursts into him is so bright he can’t even recognize it. The relief floods him so intensely he feels he could cry, all warm affection and deep, intense comfort in knowing she’s still here, she’s survived, and he hasn’t lost her just yet.
, and, perhaps the most unexpected response ever, a loud and relieved
“Then worry about the team, old man. Not me.”
They all go quiet, and they turn to Rocket with questioning stares.
She has a point. Bruce presses his fingers into his eyes, like he’s fighting a headache, and he mutters to himself, “I just – I don’t understand. It sounds like the Mind Stone was trying something, but I don’t understand what it could possibly be.”
They stand no farther than a few feet apart, and Steve has
She would have liked to teach him Italian. He was already picking up small phrases and words when he…
“You were flirting with me!”
Stop it, Tony.
(What have you done?)
So now they’re going to have to break whatever little hope there’s left in the rest of this team too.
He’s right, but Steve won’t admit it.
“We’re not tryin’ to corner you.” He placates, but then, he pauses. “Or hell, I guess we are. But it’s for a good reason. We want our family back as much as you want your son. So you gotta help us here, metal guy.”
Tony gulps around nothing, mouth dry and knees unstable, and he says, “A little.”
(His hands are shaking. He’s suddenly glad there’s no one else around because he’s
(Well then.)
Tony saw the Guardians go. He saw Peter go.
“Please tell me you didn’t go with your uniform, we don’t need no more wars between the States and Germany.”
It’s killing people. He’s killing everything.”
“You’re
. They are
” Steve exhales, feeling breathless, and he steps forward and envelops his best friend in a tight hug before he can even think about it. “It’s good to see you, buddy.”
, never this.
“I’m sorry.” Steve repeats, because he wants to make sure she can see the sincerity in his eyes when he says so. “I didn’t mean to act the way I acted. I didn’t mean for us to fight. I never wanted that.”
Nebula lost Gamora.
“Jesus, Steve.” A voice calls from behind him, and he turns to find Natasha, looking at him with furrowed brows, almost as if she’s wincing.
, and only those who are really looking for it can see past that fake exterior, but it’s really hard for him to do so. Steve is not going to lie and say he can’t see it, because he
“Yeah, Cap. You two really made heart eyes at each other at every chance you got. It was disgusting to watch.” Natasha replies, equally blunt. And then she continues, after a soft sigh, “I mean it, you know? You are very different people. You are practical when he’s rambling, he improvises when you don’t have time to plan. You saved his life, and he saved yours. And you two saved ours. Every time.”
“Alright.” She grumbles. “But you do as I say, you understand, Stark?”
. She’s made it too.
He doesn’t know how to make this work. He really doesn’t.
Lang blinks. “What?”
Was it that, or the fact that they never solved it? Maybe. Probably. It had been so bad, they were all so out of it— Thor had nearly
This is why he’s angry. Who cares about the Accords
(No.)
It’s three in the morning and the room is dark when he asks, in a whisper:
“Thank you very much. One more thing, Boss.”
How could Tony trust them with this? Would Steve have even listened? He wants to believe he would’ve, but he doesn’t actually want to say it. He doesn’t want to be wrong. He doesn’t to be disappointed with himself, he doesn’t want to be disappointed anymore.
get out of his control.
It’s always about ensuring the future. Ensuring people will be safe. To make up for his mistakes, to prove, to himself and to others, that Tony Stark can be
(But there was time to recruit a bunch of people to beat me up.)
Tony takes a second before responding. There’s a line of shapes on the screen, some of them a bit more complex that necessary, but Tony’s collecting the images from his database so there’s nothing she can do about that. Baby steps, Maria tells herself, and waits patiently as Tony makes all shapes but the square (second row, third one from the top) disappear.
Lang, for a moment, looks surprised, and he quickly looks between them before settling his eyes on Bruce again. “Oh, so you know about that, okay. I thought… with you being gone and all of that… Nevermind.”
Steve reaches into his pocket, his fingers trembling, his eyes closed, and when his hand closes around the burner phone, it is
Vision nods carefully. “Precisely, Agent Romanov.”
“You sure about that?” Tony frowns. “I mean, because if you need more stuff, you can get it. Don’t worry, just put it on my tab. If you ask JARVIS, he can get you anything you need. You’ve met JARVIS, right? J?”
“How bad it would be? The consequences?” Rhodey inquires, somberly. “For them to ask us for help?”
posturing herself as a threat to Steve.
Tony hadn’t even heard her come back. How long has she been here? And where did she came from? He doesn’t even know where she went while she was away.
That will have to be enough.
It wasn’t anything dangerous – nobody knew where they were, and that was all that mattered right now -, but he still thinks about that sometimes. Even though they ran, and even if he knew the possibility of new Avengers surging to fill the gap they left was true, he still felt like an Avenger. He still felt like he was part of it.
Here they are. They are actually here. Right there, next to the sofas, right by the open doors that lead down to the workshop, U perfectly still while Dum-E turning side to side nonsensically to watch their own reflection in the cabinet’s glass door. By their feet – their wheels – there are a few tools, like a wrench and a screwdriver, that seem to have been taken directly from the workshop, possibly from Tony’s own personal set. They have no shame after all, the little idiots.
“They seem to be attempting to fix some problem with the Benatar ship, Boss. They are still on the premises.” FRIDAY helpfully replies.
“Well, I have an amazing ability to prioritize. Doesn’t mean I was super comfortable doing that.” Bruce points out, voice full of sharp edges, none of them with remorse. “And if you remember, as soon as I got the chance I ran.”
He kisses like he fights. Hard. Demanding.
can’t stop invading my systems to look up files about Howard.”
But she doesn’t. She stops, and her breath hitches, and whatever she remembers, it makes her eyes flash in a way they almost glaze over for a brief second, before her entire body closes up like a door being slammed shut, the rampage about to come pouring out of her halting suddenly before a wall. She shakes with the force it takes her to hold it back. Tony is so terribly aware that they are being
And Tony chokes, his rage subsiding into a shy flame, muffled by the deepest shame and sorrow he has ever felt.
“Oh, fuck!” Clint yells on comms, sounding far too panicked to be completely terrifying. “Oh, no that’s – Oh,
Lastly, I would like to apologize to all left a comment on the previous chapter that I haven't replied to yet - Don't worry, I read them all and I'm very happy and grateful to each and every one of you, I promise! I love you guys. But it is finals week and as you can imagine, I am slowly dying. Please, send help. I'll get back to you as soon as I can, every single one of you, and until I do, I hope you can enjoy this chapter and some of my other fics, if you'd like.
, he is
Tony has no idea why the hell Rogers would want to see him,
“I knew the Aether was dangerous.” Thor admits, with a twinge of sorrow. “I had no idea how much.”
probably –, but right now It doesn’t matter. Steve has an idea, and he is determined to see if that idea holds any water when put to the test, and if it does—
But before we continue, I'd like to ask you to be careful and check the tags once again, my friends. You might notice that in addition to the new ScarletVision tag (which turned out to be much more prominent than I expected, so if you don't like it, please be aware that their relationship is going to be discussed in detail in this chapter), there is also a new tag that states that from now on, there are references to
“Yeah, I hope so.”
skilled on talking to strangers, which really doesn’t help the situation at all, but even so, something inside him still holds a little twinge of an evil humor, and enjoys, half proudly, half mischievously, how Bruce struggles not to flush out of embarrassment as Lang stares wide-eyed at him.
If there is a voice,
He can’t ignore it.
“Why are you awake?” Steve asks, unable to stop his curiosity.
, and the movement of raising his hand and touching Nebula’s forearm is completely involuntary, born of an instinct so deep he doesn’t even realize he’s doing it until after he has done it, and Nebula gives the smallest of twitches when his warm –
. So maybe using them, or trying to use them, triggers some sort of self-defense. If they
“Are you
Jarvis immediately recoils. “I can’t do that.”
, in a public court just outside the small diner where they decide to grab a bite.
What excuse does Tony have, for his… ridiculously clingy behavior, his apparent inability to cut off these feelings for people who clearly cannot give him the same loyalty back?
them.)
muttered under his breath. Tony turns to follow him, not allowing himself to think too hard on the fact that he is doing this, he is leaving Pepper here with the agents to head upstairs and greet Thor, to see if his crazy idea has any chance of working, if he can put his life on the line for this shot that’s not even certain to pay off; And only when he turns he realizes Rogers is
could have prevented this.)
. The world is
, and what good are those when the time to make things right comes? The only way to fix things is by
He turns around. Stupidly, because it allows his visitor to see his red face and eyes puffy with tears.
(It’s just
“Because he
Regret their choices, regret their actions, and for Steve, it had been so
“We’re fine, Lang, don’t worry. No hard feelings.” Tony says, a little mollified by Lang’s desperation, but with complete honesty. “You can help.”
, who mostly acted antagonistically towards him during their extremely brief acquaintance, to his
“Yes, I can tell.” Shuri smiles at him, a beautiful and sweet smile, and she steps forward to stand beside him in front of the suit. “It’s alright. I get it. But are you
months ago.
That was…
“Clint, where are you?!”
, what’s what he
They all probably saw Sam, Wanda, and Barnes disappear. T’Challa too. And who knows how many others in T’Challa’s army, people they might’ve been friends with.
Steve seemed suddenly to be speechless.
(He lost.)
But unfortunately, the world will probably never know.
“Mr. Barnes.” She says as a greeting, stepping forward.
Steve very carefully keeps his face a blank mask, swallowing his feelings down, raising his walls like a fortress around his heart.
his best friend sounds. “It’s calm. Makes me feel better.”
“Yeah, it’s fine.” Natasha affirms flippantly, and Steve thinks he’s the only one who can hear how curt her words actually are. Sam doesn’t seem to notice. “But we should get moving soon. Maybe go to the next city.”
“Then he should have been more specific.” Tony quips back, and Steve laughs breathily on the other side of the call.
But all T’Challa says is
“The Compound, isn’t that the idea?” Clint inquires.
is the only thing that can make him feel like that.
, and the hurt swimming behind the dual color of his eyes, stormy blue and simmering gold, is the only thing that keeps Tony steady in his stance, even as the others start to protest around them, trying to stop their argument with varying degrees of panic. “You think I’m fine with Thanos destroying this planet? The
“I mean, c’mon.” Stark says, shrugging, looking around the destroyed Shawarma place like he’s exasperated. “It’s not like you guys would be leaving a five-star hotel if you ditched your current landlords and just came back with me. And also, to be fair, the Tower
Fear and anger where always Tony’s greatest motivators.
He had stood quietly to the side, mouth shut, head dropped low, and whenever he thought of anything, he thought of Bucky and Sam and Wanda and Vision, anyone other than Tony, and he would cry all the same, not making a single sound.
That’s bad, isn’t it? Germany. Steve supposes their relationship whit the US is far more amicable now, because the War is so far behind them, but he can’t help but feel like it was not so long ago. Because it really hasn’t, much less for him. He remembers Bucky making a comment about it amidst the beautiful gardens of Wakanda, about how Steve had been just of the brink of starting another war between the two nations, and the idea chills him to the bone.
He won’t risk this.
(I’m starting to get worried, Captain. Talking to the walls? Hallucinating about the enemy? You should get that checked out.)
So fallible and so personal.
him. Like he was this big, amazing fighter, not a monster. They had a
like they’re progressing, but he’s not really sure they are. It’s hard to know, when he has no visible, tangible goal to reach, not as far as the information they can get on the Stones go. They have no idea how much information there actually is out there – if there’s any useful information at all. When it’ll be enough? How much information is enough to justify moving on to the next step – attack? Tony knows what he’d
“You have no reason to fear, James Barnes.” T’Challa assures him. “There are no enemies here. I can promise you that. I apologize for the mistake I made against you, and as a way of fixing that mistake, I hope you can allow us to help you in whatever way you need.”
“I had to stop him, Nat—” Steve begs, begs for her to understand, even if he knows she is way past listening now.
He wants to keep his mouth shut. He doesn’t want to say the words he is about to say.
(That’s when it happened.)
This time, Tony’s mouth clicks shut.
Great. Honestly, no, this is fucking
But what is Tony Stark next to the trillions who have just passed? Who is he, a mere speck of nothingness in the middle of space, empty inside, with no strength and no purpose anymore? He could’ve gone with the others, turned into dust, and what difference would that make? None. Tony might die inside this spaceship, bleeding out slowly, long before they even reach Earth, much less reach
All he can do is wait. Force himself still. Tel himself everything is fine.
“What consequences?” Tony asks, more on the defensive than he’d like, although he’s fully aware this insane plan of theirs is not gonna come without a price tag attached. They will be messing with the most powerful being in the universe – to steal the very things that hold the foundations of this universe from him, and to use them to their own gain. This is arrogance of the highest degree; And Tony, better than anyone else, knows what kind of price arrogance usually demands. But this is different – they have no choice. It’s not arrogance, it’s despair, and it’s not just their lives on the line. It’s everyone’s.
It's just that he understands that sometimes, the mission takes precedence. Sometimes, above everything else. It’s how it always has been.
” Rogers barks, a roaring reprimand – and it
“We shouldn’t be above the law.” Tony growls. “We don’t have the right – not even being superheroes. What’s gonna happen to the families of the people
, and Tony’s brain immediately goes—
decided it was a good idea leaving your family to stick your nose into a discussion you had
Steve is a fool. Steve is a fucking idiot,
he still has it.
“Yeah.” Tony mumbles to himself.
<return= “no response”>
As soon as the doors open, the dryness of the air scratches Tony’s lungs like nails on a chalkboard, dust and dirt specks coating the floor and floating in the air, visible, tangible,
, he shudders at the mere idea of what these people might possibly want, what has brought them here, how furious and beyond reasoning they are, chucking things into the air in futile attempts to hit them, simply to appease the desire to unleash their rage, even though it’s obvious they cannot reach the Jet with a simple throw. They have burning flags held high, signs, hands raised in plea, a hazy cacophony with no rhyme or reason, and it scares him, not to know what they want, not knowing what to
“How does that translate to they were being obvious about it?”
The flavor will never leave his tongue now.
enough to know the real reason. And that’s all that comes down to it.
That is just— That’s just
“Go talk to Steve, then.” Rhodey dares.
Fuck, but it’s so complicated, to feel regret – but at the same time, not. He doesn’t regret fighting. But he regrets how it happened.
“What, you don’t think so?” Steve huffs, insulted.
(A purse of lips. A click of tongue.)
who can’t understand how grave the situation is. “Just because you hate politics, Cap, doesn’t mean you are removed from them. You wear a flag as a uniform.”
“FRI, give me video.”
“Oh, it’s a mess, you’ll hate it.” Tony agrees, but then, decides he’s not having any of Steve’s denial at all. “C’mon. I’ll show you where to find some fun stuff. And also – Cap, we’re gonna need to have a talk about those clothes. I can’t have you living at my tower and dressing like an old man.”
“They were attacked?” Tony interrupts both FRIDAY and his own thoughts, focusing on Visions’ wound, worried.
If he had been paying attention, he maybe wouldn’t have done that.
” Tony balks. “I’m hurt, didn’t think the Stark Charm was something that depreciated so fast.”
“And now he’s fine?” Sam asks hopefully.
“What do you think?” She smiles wide, gesturing to the mannequin with excitement. “Looks cool, doesn’t it? What do you think about the colors? Would you like something darker? I didn’t think you would like to have an all-black suit like my brother, but who knows. I think blue is a good color on you.”
Pepper slowly steps out, walking back towards the elevator and into the Compound, still in the armor.
, and pretend there isn’t a world out there who needs his help. He wishes, even if it’s just for a split second of a moment, that he could ask FRIDAY to call Pepper and ask her to come back to bed. To bundle with her beneath the sheets and sleep for a week, to silently wrap her arms around him and rest easy knowing she’s right there, that they are safe, and he still has her.
, he had let Tony make that final call about their plan – no, actually, they were all waiting for his input on it, because they knew that if someone was going to convince Bruce to be on board with going to the rescue missions first, it would be Tony, so—
Maria watches, confused, as Howard types in without a single ounce of hesitation:
I want talk about relationships for a second.
“I’m countin’ on it. They said you’re a genius.” Rocket muses, and Tony is almost glad to hear the small note of humor in his voice, as weak as it is, because it’s better than hurt, better than tears,
But Tony chose.
She admires him very much. It’s humbling to realize how much he admires her back.
“Should we…” Bruce starts, dragging out the words uncertainly. “Should we continue?”
He thinks about it every day.
It’s an order.
all of them are. They’d just… jump from one mission to another, the team formation always shifting, always in a time restraint, always with adrenaline running so high they cold barely feel anything else; How could they possibly get comfortable with each other? How could he have
Bruce will
Not now.
(Do you dare?)
And out of the corner, as the drama queen Tony always
The lower part is a little darker, and even if there is more room in between the oddly shaped honeycomb shelves, to allow a small seating area with simple wooden tables and chairs for a reading room, it still feels like an extremely private space, something that intruders should never even know the existence of, much less be invited inside.
Tony is blaming himself enough for the both of them.
“Did they put you up to this? You didn’t
She has the right. She definitely does.
, how we
(Dammit, he does, and screw Coulson for punching that into him.)
In unsteady steps, he and the Guardian wobble towards Quill’s ship, away from sight, relocated to a place where Thanos couldn’t see it when he arrived. The way to it seems even longer now, not by his slow, dragging steps, but for the empty spaces by his side, by the lack of a presence that should be there, and Tony can
(And it’s still
The mention of Happy is like being doused in ice-cold water unexpectedly. He’s not even aware of what he said until after he said it, and when he hears the name come out of his own mouth, he’s suddenly reminded of why they’re even here in the first place.
Steve feels so—
Oh, I was so sad when I first watched this scene in the theaters. Who could've known this would become the thing that puts a sadistic smile on my face as I write this? The world truly is full of surprises.
fault
This is
did you do this?!” She asks weakly, exhausted from the turmoil of emotions stirring up inside of her after so long. She doesn’t want details, not really. She’d rather not know. Having Tony back, even if is just this, is more than enough. But what if is dangerous? What if Howard really did something that can’t be seen by other people? “Is… Is there anything inside of this computer, Howard? Anything dangerous I should know about?”
Tony realizes. It’s been
Because it’s true, isn’t it?
, he is questioning every single step he has taken until he got here, and he needs to
“Who’s that?” Rhodey’s face scrunches in confusion, as he looks at them for answers.
until he fixes it, and nothing else matters.
they are going to undo the damage he left behind, and Nebula
“Sam?” Steve calls, and he waits until Sam has turned around so he can ask, in a almost bashful tone, “How is Nat?”
She sits. And for a long minute, she doesn’t move.
Rogers frowns, but doesn’t disagree.
to understand why they would ever let something like
But he knows better now. He has seen what Thanos had done, he has seen the Guardians and Strange and the kid
Just darker. Just… more somber.
Barton takes another glance at the Reactor, wary. “You don’t open portals with that thing, do you?”
“I don’t know.” Tony admits, and pauses. “I want us to stop…
Tony won’t.
ringing. There is no next day.
Tony lurches forward on instinct, his eyes still fixated on the same point in space, in the same direction where the body had been, and he tries to push away the blue barrier so he can
“Stark.” A voice calls unexpectedly, from behind him – and even though it’s soft, Tony jerks ungracefully as a wet, rough noise of surprise escapes his raw throat, the sickly sensation of his nose clogged completely more than enough to make the exhale that escapes him sound incredibly out of breath.
When he catches sight of Nebula, Tony can clearly see the way his steps falter and he mutters something to himself, eyes widening, and he
Which is not!
“No.” The raccoon steps back, as if Nebula slapped him. “You’re lying.”
“No,” Steve snapped. “Get to the point, Tony.”
“I’m sure he’s just running a little late, he’ll be here, I’m sure of it,” Pepper assured Tony, as she made her way to the kitchen to dish out the food she’d brought for everyone.
“So...I was thinking maybe we could watch a movie,” Tony spoke, not entirely sure if Steve would even be interested in staying later.
? No. Had he spent every night after work there since meeting Steve? Maybe…
lunch. I always bring a little extra since I know you’ve got an aversion to actually taking care of yourself.”
“I know.”
Tony thought over the questions before giving a small shrug.
Tony woke up the next morning feeling like the Hulk had tried to squish his head like a grape. He hadn’t been this hungover in a long time and all he wanted was to just sleep until the hangover went away. As he returned to full consciousness, Tony realized something: he was in his bed. The last he remembered, he had vowed to just live in the workshop until everything didn’t hurt anymore. And then it hit him like a ton of bricks; he remembered why he was in his bed. After drinking so much and making out with Steve, the only place he could think to run to was the one place he knew Steve wouldn’t follow. Thinking of the events that took place the night before made Tony’s cock twitch. He groaned, and buried his head in a pillow. When did this happen? When did his teenage crush on the good ol’ Captain resurface and turn into this? Tony couldn’t deal with these thoughts, at least not without three cups of coffee and maybe some toast. He quickly checked the clock and took note that it was almost two in the afternoon. No one would be in the kitchen so he could make his coffee and slink off to the workshop. At least that was the plan, anyway.
And she decided she could accept it.
Thor backs off, not without making a huffy noise – proof that, however wisdom and tragedy have changed him, it hasn’t changed him
He shouldn’t be surprised that when the blurriness starts to fade, the destruction they left behind them becomes crystal clear.
“Barton is upstairs.” Tony says instead, in a whisper, voice tight between the tense muscles in his throat. He’s not sure if Rogers knows this. He probably does, but Tony feels the need to say it anyway. Though he’s also not sure what Rogers could possibly do about it, if there’s even anything to be
if you could get away with it.”
“What about the Mind Stone? That doesn’t sound good either.” Rocket asks, frowning at the board. “You guys have anythin’ on that one?”
That was the conclusion. And now…
Nebula’s expression falls, her hardened mask crumbling down, for the briefest of moments – and behind it, Tony finally sees
wishing he wasn’t still so damned exhausted after an entire ten hours of sleep, when it starts to happen.
“No, you can hold that.” Tony babbles a little hysterically. “You hold it. Bring it to the workshop, c’mon, let’s go.”
Steve knows.
“We are.” Nebula pauses. “But we need a team.”
He’s going to black out soon.
“No.” Steve smiles, and Tony throws his hands in the air, exasperated.
feels wrong. Feels clinical, too impersonal for this. For how
But somewhere along the line, this process gained a secondary step. It was completely unconscious, but repetition made them all accustomed to it. Actually, if he tries, Tony’s pretty sure he can count all the times it happened since they first assembled. At the end of the day, Rogers is a man of rapid action and Tony is a man of long-term calculation, and if someone is going to find a counter-argument to Rogers’ logic, it’s going to be him, because they are opposites.
(You missed your chance.)
(But he needs to choose.)
“It doesn’t matter now because you’ve already bought him a
Pepper’s sigh behind him is so deep and heartfelt that Tony almost feels bad for how intensely she is experiencing this, how taxing this is being on her, especially when he can see that the others barely react in face of his opinion; The only shift happening in their gaze, as the years and years of habit merely makes them take the new information and immediately add it to their own plans and estimates, barely registering in any emotional way before being converted into a simple mindset of a goal to be achieved.
And she is right. Tony knows that. Deep down, Tony knows that.
Her voice.
, but something that does that is not normal for me and I’m not gonna let
This is not a moment he’s allowed to be a part of.
you asked. You might as well have picked up the phone and talked to him about it.” Natasha reprimands.
And he is right-handed, so
Nebula looks like she might be imploding, just a little bit, and after a beat, instead of yelling at him – as she
“Not our finest moment.” Tony agrees, with a small, sad grin; And maybe, too daringly, a quick glance to the side, to catch the others’ gaze.
“I could. Sort of. It’s hard not to have an idea, when we share a
So he doesn’t say anything.
Natasha leaves her seat at the back and comes to the panel with them, and as soon as she does, she sees the red flare of Wanda’s powers sparking over the buildings, the sounds of concrete crumbling and glass shattering – and the figures standing before their friends, the faces of the enemy, of the threat they don’t yet know, and soon will wish they
“As ready as I’ll ever be, Agent Barton.” Vision replies, plainly, before turning to face them, Steve, Natasha, and Sam, with a perfectly polite look on his face. “Thank you for having me during this time, and I apologize if I was, at any moment, an inconvenience. But I promise you are safe, and if it’s ever needed, you can always count on me to help you, if you need one extra hand.”
is happening out there, that they’re flying blind, completely, and their time is short. Even if Bruce’s voice is hesitant and shaky – even if Tony can hear him pacing, it’s like hearing it from across a thick wall, a sound that comes out muffled and distant, because everything goes out of focus when his attention turns razor-sharp towards the doors, to the low, quiet, but never silent burning freeze of panic simmering beneath his skin, crawling inside him like it’s alive. He feels like a child. Like he’s five, and he’s hopeless to do anything while everyone else walks out the door and he has no guarantee they’ll come back. Like he lacks the words, or the
But most of all, his brain had to change. His attitude, his quote-unquote: “work ethic” had to change, his lawyers liked to say. The unfortunate necessity to become the face-front of the Accords, the leading example to guide the public opinion on superheroes and enhanced people in the right direction – Tony, who had never been a good example for anything or anyone in his life, he had to
I keep coming back, even when I know I’m not supposed to, because truth is,
They are in Scotland when it happens.
He hates that he had to. He shouldn’t have to lie to do what’s right.
Yeah. Hopefully.
, right behind Thanos, and Tony can’t
“Strange.” Bruce confirms, but in a way only Tony truly understands; And all the others look at him like he’s insane, like “
Steve’s mouth immediately clicks shut, the tick in his jaw painful, pressure aching all the way up from his teeth to his temples, keeping inside the words that are too insensitive and too aggressive for him to let out.
(What the hell are you still hoping for?)
to send messages, why can’t they be sentient enough to ask for
to debate the possibilities he’s sounding right now, like he’s refusing to listen. He’s
That alone is enough to make his life just a little bit better.
, right behind him, listening to everything that has just happened.
as if he hasn’t
“What did he tell you?” Thor asks Natasha.
something. You cannot
(She knows.)
trying to establish a connection, and he will pick it up and he will make this
the hand he swings around when he’s showing off the buildings on campus, which is exactly why Steve gets a fist to the nose in the first place.
He mumbles to himself, tiredly. He runs his hand over his face, pressing his fingers into his eyes as if that could chase away the sleepiness, and says, “Please tell me you got it.”
?” Natasha inquires, a deep frown in her face.
If it were up to him, he’d at least die
No. Tony doesn’t want to hear it.
It should’ve been the first thing out of his mouth. And it damned nearly was. It almost was, when Tony got up and looked down at himself and his heart went
“Of course.” Wanda agrees, her voice small and confused, but she gives Vision’s hand another squeeze and says, in a very soft tone “
, how didn’t you see it,
(What does he want.)
“If I may have a word.” He says, in that diplomatic tone only people with his history of dealing with public affairs and being pleasant over any hardships can possibly achieve.
But New York—
It’s very clear they need to talk.
He sees Natasha first.
It’s them, and years and years of unfiltered information; It’s them and the possible answer to their survival, hidden between lines and pictures and old data files, and he’s not sure they’ll be quick enough to find it. It’s Tony, and the shivers down his back at the sight of Rogers and the other two leaving, with both whispers of
(Safeguards. There you have it.)
about him does. It’s not a wince, not a flinch – but his
If this is the only chance he will have to speak to Tony—
What exactly has the silence done to her, the lack of a purpose, the lack of a mission, and how had it affected her and transformed her into the person who’s standing in front of Steve today. The person who thinks herself guilty and thinks she should shoulder it, despite him telling her she doesn’t have to. The person who is regretting deeply her past, and won’t let him tell her otherwise.
“Do you think it is?” T’Challa presses – and that is the exact word Steve should use,
Thor hesitates. “No. I don’t think so.”
Until then, Steve Rogers must be a soldier.
, the entire left side charred and broken, as if something
Rocket is the only one who reacts enough to ask:
They did not deserve it. God, none of them had deserved it. Pete should’ve stayed
“It’s still running.” Tony interrupts. “Let’s not jump into conclusions, okay? She could be out there. As long as we’re looking, let’s keep our hopes up.”
it, he wants Tony to treat them, to treat
“The Helicarrier.” He breathes, so softly he almost can’t hear himself, but all heads snap in his direction, like hounds to prey. “The fight, before the turbines exploded. The Scepter was in the room.”
“She couldn’t have known about Vision.” Thor points out, as if it’s a stunning revelation. “She couldn’t have known, because not even Ultron knew.
“Can you give him access to videos, Howard? I’d like to show him the videos we have.”
Steve used to go up to Tony’s
Steve doesn’t throw himself out of windows for fun. He doesn’t rush into a fight because he likes it. He doesn’t risk getting shot or being killed for kicks.
Tony starts to get a little faint after some time.
“What the hell happened out there, Tony?”
he doesn’t fully understand why.
Clint is not alone in there.”
, Tony remembers her, blonde hair and sharp eyes, smile always sitting on the edge of gentle and dangerous, and Tony actually feels some measure of relief bloom inside him at the sight of her. He knows her, he knows what she can do, and she is
“I believe you.” She curtly says. “I’m just not sure if it’s enough.”
Bruce has already given him the answer to that question.
out of the ramp into the glittering mob below.
Pete hadn’t been his own, Tony knows that. Tony
He starts with Bruce because the conversation in the Helicarrier is still fresh. Too fresh,
She does. Good.
(Get up.)
“Not anymore.” Tony shakes his head. “It’s all destroyed now. Apparently, the one we got was the last one standing.”
“Alright. Why?” Rogers intervenes, with all the authority he can muster. “The Stones are still intact. The Gauntlet was destroyed but the Stones were fine. What
The world goes gray, and then grayer, and grayer, and grayer.
learn?)
The phone never made a sound.
But you didn’t, did you? Three years, and
“Helping you.” She assures, pushing away from the wall and approaching him with steady steps, even though Steve is still holding the gun, just in case. “It’ll be much faster and much safer if you have help. The Raft’s security is not easy to override.”
“It was fluid. Couldn’t be held, couldn’t be destroyed. Like nothing I’ve ever seen before.” Thor explains, with a faraway tone. “The only way to contain it was to use a proper structure that could hold it. Free, it would only bring chaos.”
there’s a lot of shit he could improve in matters of team-dynamics. Steve had been their leader. Tony
Tony pulls the regeneration machine closer to the bed while Bruce gathers some antiseptic, needles, and the activation components to the table beside it, and he does; Suddenly, they are together in the same space again, and Tony makes the mistake of looking Bruce right in the eyes – and in them, the nervousness isn’t gone at all, and the proximity and the eye contact make Bruce bold again, gives him strength, and before Tony can find a distraction, he is cornered.
“It’s not an accurate prediction but it’s a safe one.” Bruce tries to clarify, but if his intention is to sound comforting, he fails miserably at it. “To assume it would be any longer could be dangerous. It’s not a good time-frame, but I believe it’s the best we’ve got.”
“That’s not what I said.”
?” Tony jabs at Bruce. “No, you don’t get it – I don’t have time to
(But what other choice does he have?)
The problem starts one year after Peggy meets Tony. And it’s one she didn’t see coming.
(Why are you ignoring the real problem here?)
If this is the final straw, then fine. Then they’re really not supposed to be back together, in the end. Tony will adapt to their absence, he has done it once, he can do it again. Rhodey will help him. Maybe Bruce will too, and Nebula. Maybe even Rocket and Thor. If Carter and Ross rather go along with the others, that’s fine too; They probably will, seeing as Carter already has, once. Tony doesn’t care. He will not care.
“FRI?”
“Because maybe being around Thanos is as dangerous to them as it is to us.”
is more than just that. Is more than just a joke. Steve is a man who lives in unbelievable, unbearable circumstances, and he recognizes he didn’t adjust to the future as well as most people think he did. He does get tunnel vision, he does get nostalgic to the point of being
no idea why the MCU has neglected that fact for so long, especially when we have two deeply traumatized individuals constantly sharing screentime with him and the man never says a goddamn word. I'm not ok with that. Time for this man to speak up a bit.
And it’s probably true, so Tony can’t argue with her.
the part of him that screams that he’s making a mistake as far as he can if it means he’ll get the confirmation of what he’s suspected all this time. Rage rearranges his priorities, muddling them into unrecognizable nonsense, and suddenly, it feels far more important to
“If I may make a suggestion… Take him with you. Back to your home.”
and brainwashed, at least in some ways, conditioned to grow up loyal to the biggest bastard in the universe – but he won’t deny it
he scared people once again and he is
(Was not expecting that.)
Too many assumptions, too close to home.
— and he wants to know what happened to them while they weren’t there. He
, Maria.” It’s what he says, and he doesn’t realize how awful it is. “It has to be updated. That’s the only way it can improve.”
that’s not true. Rogers is a paranoid, mistrustful bastard, and Tony knows not even Natasha, who has been as loyal to him as anyone can possibly be, knows what the hell goes on in his brain the entire time. Barnes is –
, how – how
specifically
, when they are at an impasse. This, right here, is an important moment; It’s the moment where they’re standing on unsteady ground, with a choice, and they both are leaning towards different sides. It’s the story of their lives, honestly. Karma. They’re both pondering the option of allowing or stopping Pepper from joining them, weighing benefits and risks, and they’re both
“What are you talking about, the Ultron program was literally my idea,
“Alright.” He says, but he doesn’t sound frustrated at all. “What did you have in mind?”
She gives him back his suit, exactly as it was. Fixed, but not different.
(But a lie does.)
Of course, you know that – but c’mon, how can anyone really – it’s not
“Don’t be like that!” Tony argues. “The Tesla is amazing, she’s gonna love it.”
. “And according to the SHIELD decrypted files released by Agent Romanov, Project PEGASUS was initiated in the eighties.”
It’s a small reassurance, but Steve knows that beggars can’t be choosers.
Tony wonders if this is the irony the universe has in store for him. The last of the Avengers, standing with the last of the Guardians, both of them trapped in a deserted planet, to rot away slowly.
But now that stubbornness had made people afraid of him, he doesn’t know if it really is.
He stands vigil, and he doesn’t move.
, and Tony decides he’s gonna ignore that and never think about it again.
was the one going out to fight aliens and terrorists with no concrete proof she'd ever come back, really, he
This one takes a long time. The quiet is so profound that when the call finally connects, the amount of
“At max speed, Wakanda is about eleven hours away.” Natasha replies.
Tony stops, halfway into pouring himself a coffee, taken aback by the sudden interruption. Steve can’t see his face, but by now, he knows Tony’s body language like the palm of his hand - he’s looked long enough at him to learn, against his better judgment. He can see the stiffness in his shoulders, and he knows it means defensiveness. Steve’s jaw clenches in displeasure, hating that he is the one to cause the distress in the first place.
Shuri watches him for a moment, her expression thoughtful, the tilt of her head curious and kind at the same time. “Well… alright then, Captain. You can keep it. It’s
been dangerous to have around. For the very same reasons Tony loved to have her around.
“But the message came from somewhere only the Time Stone could touch. The future.” Thor nods, affirming. “There might be six Infinity Stones, but much like the Aether affects space, and space affects time – the Stones must be connected by one…
to put her doubts to rest.
“Badassium helped stabilize it. It’s stronger, conducts more energy. Also… doesn’t… it’s not poisonous.” Tony points out, very plainly. “And it’s more efficient and it’s not breaking apart every two weeks, so it works better. The Reactor from Mark I produced 3 gigajoules per second. Today, any of my Reactors produces at least 6.”
“I won’t heal fast enough.” Tony argues back, shaking his head exasperatedly at her.
“Tony, I’m not…” Bruce stutters, sounding ashamed. “I’m not the best person to deal with this kind of things. You know that.”
Like she was an
Emotions are messy, you guys. Pretending this is a simple matter just won't do.
“Does my Reactor still work?” Tony asks, quietly, and the very second Nebula’s brows furrow –
“It’s fine, really.” Steve sighs, forcing himself to get back in the conversation. “Natasha isn’t the only one who’s cleaning up the evidence. SHIELD does have a training program for this kind of stuff.”
(Half machine.)
he turns his head to find Sam staring at him again, with a puzzled look on his face.
“Hey.” Steve says, smiling. “Good morning.”
“I don’t know.” He confesses, and his voice fucking
(Don’t.)
Clint has contacted T’Challa and found a way to make it back to the US safely without being spotted, the same way Scott had. Steve doesn’t know all the details, because Clint tells him that
of what’s going on outside, but –
“Tony?”, she calls, hesitantly.
Steve stares at Clint, who stares back. They both don’t blink.
He tried. He insisted. She kept refusing.
Rogers isn’t wrong, and he knows that. Tony can feel the way his limbs are shaking from the strain and the pain behind his eyes is reaching a point where it’s becoming nearly unbearable, but is he
“More like a metaphor.” Thor mumbles.
The same old song and dance.
She wraps her arms around his shoulders and leans forward, hugging him, bringing him closer even if that means she’s squishing his face into her stomach, and Tony doesn’t want to back up, not even to breathe, because he doesn’t
But there is one time.
complicated.)
of all people.
Steve resumes his march in the direction of the door, striding with purpose, and just as he’s about to leave—
Yeah, Steve thinks mournfully.
do you trust Natasha?)
(It can’t end like this.)
go back to his Tower on a very short notice.
So Steve’s best chance is the Blasting Range.
(It’s time, don’t you think?)
Without even thinking about it, Tony finds a solution to that. “FRIDAY. Release 1-R.”
“Are there even any people in there?” Tony inquires, throwing the accusation right at Nebula’s face, uncaring of how she will react for the very first time. He squints at her, suspicious, so damned suspicious and on edge that he can only register at the back of his head that he is accusing a being who has admitted having several knives on them and no fear of using them if necessary, and he doesn’t give a shit.
“Tony?” Rhodey asks, distantly, and Tony blinks, only to find him halfway up the stairs, looking down at him with a deep frown on his face.
feel like after a mind-blowing orgasm, they
After Tony.
They’ve had this conversation – this
“I said you wouldn’t die.” A voice tells him, not smug, but close, and Tony’s eyes snap to the left and he’s caught totally off guard by the
.” A voice calls, insistent. It barely registers in his muddled mind.
, their futurist, and if they’re going to find the purple bastard and take him down, and
(You trusted
“You think the Mind Stone spoke to you—” Tony prompts, to make sure he’s following Thor’s logic correctly.
to break the news to the others – fully aware of the reactions they might invite if they sell this wrong.
(Do you?)
A look.
The awareness of their surroundings comes crashing down on him, the sounds flooding back into his ears, and his cowardice, his holdups against being vulnerable in front of Rogers or any of the others, it all gets pushed to the corner of his mind as he sees how awful Agent Ross looks, with deep, dark circles under his eyes, his usually gentle and approachable expression clouded by worry, and the strong grip Carter has around her holster is more than enough evidence for her tension, even if her face betrays nothing but steely determination.
When the visitor comes, he’s already in the study for a couple of hours—and he wonders, a second too late, if they came through the window, even though he did not hear any sounds from the lock or the curtains. He wonders if they were already inside when he came. And if they were, why did they stood in the dark for so long, instead of attacking him.
“So you’re saying you want to steal it from him.” Rogers says, half inquiry, half
, but it is in Tony’s very nature to
(She thinks about rainy days and speech patterns, about physics and music.)
“Nanine compartment.” Tony taps at the triangle-shaped compartment on his chest, and the glass makes a small
“The Secretary of State hasn’t been able to interfere in Mr. Lang’s incarceration or appeal to justice in any way until now.” Vision assures Steve. “And we will make sure it continues that way.”
It’s because of things like this that the Accords exist.
“We will.” Tony nods.
, dammit –, he
“How would we do that?”
Isn’t that the whole problem?
“Got it.” Cap says, as easy as anything, and this – this weird complicity, this…
So he suddenly realizes – Barton is telling the truth. Neither him nor Natasha were meant to be a part of this initiative, and the only reason why they were included so effortlessly into it was by pure coincidence, as they both had been available and ready to fight when Loki ended up bringing his army down upon New York. There were plenty of other SHIELD agents roaming around and helping civilians evacuate the area, but Natasha and Clint had been in the
“These are the other five.” Wong informs.
(They all die.)
But… To cherish things—
Tony doesn’t back down.
But Vision, he always seemed…
But he did have help. He does. Natasha is here, and she wasn’t supposed to be, and he can’t help but think of what might have caused her to leave the compound, what happened between her and Tony, and if Tony
At the same time, Tony still
Tony blinks confusedly, his eyelids working frantically and unhelpfully, doing nothing to help him clear his head.
But it’s hard. It’s hard, when he knows something
“Anthony?”
“How can that work and not just create a wormhole? When bringing two points of the universe so close together they can be crossed? Isn’t that the
“I – I just want my family back. That’s all. I hear you, okay? He took your son. But he took my children too. He took my kids, he took my wife – they were
tell you.” Bruce defensively says, a little angry, but then he sighs. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have fallen asleep. But I’m not qualified, and I had…
They turn to her, clearly not following.
Even if that means they’ll have to step away from their cries of help.
How did they ask? He doesn’t even know how.
“You started it!” Barton accuses Tony, childishly, but the force of his fury shows none of a child’s inoffensive tantrum. He’s all storm and rage, a man hardened by war. His voice is old, bitter venom. “Are you really gonna deny that?!”
“Alright? There, I said it. I wanna go home.” Clint sighs, running his hands through his hair in aggravation, panting as if he’d just run a marathon. When no one says a word, he grunts and leans forward, placing his elbows on his knees, making sure everyone can see his face as he speaks, with utmost sincerity:
“Land.” He says, in a haste, tapping Natasha on the shoulder frantically. “We have to look closer.”
Like asking is admitting it. And, in some forms, it is – it is admitting that Steve is shaken from the sight of Tony’s chest glowing bright blue again, it is admitting that not knowing is simply something he cannot accept.
Exhaustion lets Tony sleep for full ten hours, which is more than he ever expected, and for once he’s grateful that his mind and body were so worn out not even his worst nightmares could stir him during the night. But the morning is still gloom. When he wakes up, Pepper is already awake, sitting against the headboard and staring quietly at the darkened, foggy window, unmoving; And cold, bleak dread floods Tony so completely he freezes still, like a deer in headlights, and he wishes
to him, and
to think about it.
(Get on the ship.)
“His best friend just disappeared, Cap.” Sam point out mournfully, his voice careful. “He might be dead. The guy might not be thinking straight.”
“We don't even know how much time we have—"
at dealing with it, hurting each other and always waiting for something terrible to happen, and Steve has to
“It really isn’t.” Rhodey insists, sounding maddeningly bored. “People get grow spurts all the time, just because
Rogers doesn’t say anything. He stares at Tony for a moment, eyes a little too wide and mouth a little too tight, shoulders tense and body locked in what almost looks like anticipation, like he’s holding back something and he’s only waiting for Tony to move to retaliate – but then suddenly, he goes lax, shoulders slumping and brows scrunching in a deep frown, jaw ticking with the force of his grinding teeth.
than being responsible for the most important person in his life. But the truth is that Steve cannot deny it. Not even to himself. This is drawn-out, prolonged agony, like the finest form of torture, more methodic than any villain could ever hope to think of to make them suffer.
He doesn’t
There’s an exhibit on National Identity, which is the most ironic thing that could ever happen and Tony nearly cries of laughter, despite Steve’s threats of leaving him there even though Tony has already paid for their tickets; But in the end, Steve might not have liked sushi, but he is entranced by the details of the Japanese prints. It’s surprising how much fun it is, to visit a museum with Steve. He’s so
, not Strucker, Thor’s vision—
And it’s true. It’s true, and what can Steve say to make Natasha listen?
(Huh.)
Thor reaches for the nearest table, and he grabs a wrench and a screwdriver seemingly at random, holding them in his fists as visual aids, as if he cannot fathom any other way to demonstrate what he’s trying to say.
She looks at him like he is the most pitiful creature in the universe, which, to be fair, Tony can’t find in himself the strength to disagree with right now.
But it’s him that feels like they are losses. They aren’t, truly. Nothing that separates them is permanent, and even if Steve would rather have them all together, even if he
–, but he ends up opening his mouth and speaking, even when he’s struggling a little to breathe with the wound on his belly.
Why can’t people stop trying to crucify them for things they have no control of?
“Tony.” Steve whispers. “You’re bouncing your leg again.”
Tony had forgotten about this detail.
Loki – shit, Loki probably didn’t survive, did he? Thor staring at his picture like he’s trying to drink in the sight of him, like he has to absorb every detail before the picture is taken away, as if that would take his brother away forever; That’s not… No one does that.
But then…
“I don’t like them. I still don’t like them.” He tells them, scoffing, raising his eyebrows and making a wide-eyed expression for a second, as if the mere thought of thinking otherwise makes him winded. “Do they sound stupid? Yeah, they do. Who the hell would want to slow down superheroes, right? Who would have time to make phone calls to ask for permission to enter a country when there’s war raging inside?”
(Hours.)
There’s a computer in the desk. She can’t seem to remember it being there before.
, and he is, it seems,
to erase every single trace of Captain America of his life.
– staggering down the ramp in quick steps, arms flailing to keep himself upright with his hasty rhythm, eyes flicking between his own feet and Tony in Rhodey’s arms, and Tony thinks he’ll end up falling over in his clumsy trajectory if he’s not careful.
“That still wouldn’t be enough.” He points out, his mind firing a thousand miles per hour now, his brain kicking in on the familiar rush of following the clues of the problem at hand to guide him through his thoughts. “Solar radiation is incredibly powerful – we don’t have that sort of power on Earth. A society that is powerful enough to build a structure to use power directly from their star is already light-years ahead of us. Even if we know what kind of material to use, we don’t have any place we could make it.”
Steve is about to follow her, fast paced as to not let her run away, but T’Challa stops him on his tracks just by taking a step forward and making himself the focus of Steve’s attention for a split second.
“Fine!” Tony says, huffing. “I will!”
to him?!”
(Did you consider me a friend?)
to see him. It does. It feels like he’s been gutted with a dull knife, a feeling unlike any other wound Steve has ever gotten, something that echoes from so far within that he can’t even pinpoint its source. It’s like it reverberates from his very
“Rogers’ got a point.” He quickly says, and the words to scrape the inside of his throat as they come up, a little, against his own will, and he tries not to look into Rogers’ face as it snaps in his direction with eyes so intense they could burn holes through him. “We can’t divide now. We have a better chance to come up with something together.”
The visitor sighs somberly. “You have to come with me. Disappear. Leave all sensitive material and dangerous equipment behind, and work to take down HYDRA from the inside.”
FRIDAY complies with no additional prompting, and one of the back screens comes forward, zooming in on Squidward as he walks down the street to meet them for their little conversation, Tony remembers that, and as soon as the image is clearer, Nebula twitches in disgust.
workshop – and that the portal had brought them here, with no trouble, in and out; Past FRIDAY’s security, past all alarms and safety measures, without so much as a notification to the system. That’s important. That’s – That’s important. For security, yes, but – that’s important, and Tony doesn’t know why, but it is, and he needs to remember this because
He… He doesn’t know what he should
“Okay,
; He called Tony selfish, unreliable,
Rhodey throws him a disbelieving look but says nothing. With a squeeze, he releases his hold and walks out too, leaving Tony to his weariness and his thoughts, and what the
And Tony is always complicating Steve’s life, it seems.
know is
He can’t be sure what the reason Howard Stark was killed for – but he can guess, and each guess is worse than the other, ranging from personal to public enemies of the man, to hidden figures he can only hope to glance at by the periphery of his eyes, by the details and footnotes of all the events in Howard Stark’s life. As quietly as he can he searches for answers, but everything he can do is limited to the fact he can’t rely on anyone but himself, and he is just one man; and Howard Stark’s reach was so grand he often seemed he was more than that, even if Jarvis does know better.
Tony is a mechanic, he builds things, he fixes things. But this, even to him, seems to be beyond repair.
After all, they all get a little irrational sometimes. When it’s something they love.
The mesh is programmed to work similar to the armor, molding itself into his anatomical form both inside and out, using the chips he implanted on himself as guidelines – but mostly was programmed with
“Ross was a bastard, but we had no way of getting rid of him. Not yet, at least.” Tony says, frantically. “But if we all had signed, we could have amended them later. They weren’t perfect, but the Accords
Apparently, that day in Siberia had never left him too. Apparently, he’s still angry.
But he has no idea
(I do too.)
“They
“You gave him car blueprints?” Maria asks, backtracking. “What for?”
Maybe,
She’s here.
how he should approach this subject with Steve. He seems to ponder of a few seconds – and then, he obviously comes to a decision, because all of his hesitation just disappears and looks back at Steve with a determination so fierce one might think he was going to battle.
Natasha presses her lips in a tight line, thinking. “I’ll try to find her. I’ll see what I can do.”
. With a K. It’s a place.” Rocket clarifies. “And the Collector is a crazy guy who likes to keep all sorts of things in cages for fun, from shiny things to people.”
. If you had told Stark earlier, he wouldn’t have started a goddamn
Bruce feels shame, and even if Tony doesn’t believe Bruce is deserving of half of it, probably even less than that, he can recognize it when he sees it. He can’t make it stop. He doesn’t know how – and even if he did, Bruce wouldn’t let him. They are both mirrored images of men who have gone too far with their pursues, science and knowledge turning into jagged edges of knives plunged into their backs by their own hands, bleeding regret instead of blood.
But sometimes, that means something horrible. It means to lose her.
Only a burning, scorching sense of—
Tony swallows around nothing, mouth oddly dry. “Chitauri?”
Nothing changes during the day. They do drills, they share the common spaces, they go to SHIELD meetings. They have Movie Nights, they argue over takeout, they are
But it can’t be. It can’t be, because Tony
“We will have to call Rhodes.” Steve reminds them, and both Sam and Natasha look a little surprised at his comment. “We have to let him know we’re coming.”
long before Leipzig, but he
“The moon? In Saturn?” Bruce asks, frowning confusedly.
And now he is here, asking her to take care of him. It is not easy, indeed.
Zola. The itch at the back of Tony’s brain, suddenly, becomes a headache.
“Four days until we miss the window of opportunity to take out as much ash as we can from the air.” Bruce clarifies. “It’s not immediate, but everything else after that is going to be much harder to undo than if we did it now.”
, I’m not
“How long has she been like this?”
(It is.)
Fuck if Tony knows.
“You know that’s not what he means.” Natasha turns sharply, her voice chiding. Too bad for her that Tony doesn’t
“I worry about the team.”
“No.” Wanda admits, her voice cracking at the end, her English awkward around the heavy notes of her accent laced with grief. “But that’s not an excuse to not apologize.”
And it
Nebula makes a long, heavy pause, considering Tony’s words, and Tony is so desperate to get out of here, get out of this place, that he almost tells her to do it anyway, despite the risk of pushing him into cardiac arrest. He can almost hear the cogs in Nebula’s brain turning – and isn’t that the most ironic expression right now? –, furiously, and Tony, for a second, is afraid that she’ll ask him to remove them, every single one, so they can use his Arc—
<subject= “Peggy Carter”>
After the decision is made, what can he do?
when Tony threw him on the bed, he realized it
or nothing else. “And I’ll have to work with it attached to you. It’ll probably drain the energy entirely, slowly. It’ll stop working gradually. We might make it before you bleed out.”
He doesn’t know if he should go after her.
was right? Would they ever be able to admit to the other they were wrong— and go back to what they were? Can they simply move past this? What if they
Rocket’s eyes scan the room, going over them one by one, before asking, in a cautious tone:
He shakes his head, forcefully trying to dispel these thoughts, exhaling a harsh breath in a futile attempt to calm himself down. Nebula notices, and looks at him with questioning, intensely measuring eyes, awfully knowing; And for the second time since they’ve met, which hasn’t even been all that long ago, Tony finds himself taken aback with just
, not a fact.
Tony whips his head back in Barton’s direction, like a hound attracted by the sound of its prey.
A few hours ago, Steve was contacted by King T’Challa. Not through the phone, no, because Steve is still keeping that phone as an exclusive line to the USA; But through a special communicator princess Shuri had so kindly provided him. As a way to give him some assurance that Bucky would be fine, he presumes, but Steve never used it himself. He felt like it would be disrespectful to Bucky’s wishes, somehow. And it wouldn’t matter. Bucky was not around to answer the call. He knows princess Shuri would be the one to answer if he did try to call, but – Steve has been feeling way too wary, too hurt from
It’s a sound Tony has never heard him make before.
“Royal bodyguards, I assume? Like the one who came for T’Challa when he was arrested?” Tony raises an eyebrow, remembering a tall, regal woman in a black dress that was introduced as T’Challa’s
So, they do it again.
He does want to bring Peter back.
“It’s not the suit, Tony.” Pepper argues. “You’ll always be a hero – you’ll always
It’s almost scary. How good it is.
Thor raises his gaze and meet Tony’s, and in there; in his eyes, there it is, the
Even her friends.
If Nebula knows what happened to her – she’ll have to tell them. That’s not… That’s not fair. On one hand, he wants to hear it, they need to hear it, but it’s still not
Steve stands up, solemn, ignoring all the worried stares and pleading faces they all make at him, all of them lost amidst so many conflicting ideas and looking at
it, or not - we are reaching a point where it can no longer be denied that there's an unsolved problem between them, a problem never spoken about, but a problem that no longer can be overlooked.
The Quinjet.
(A lie.)
, when she is the one who’s clearly so distressed over the tale of the fall of her sister.
Another pause. Longer this time. Tony sits there and waits with his hands twisting in impatience, his teeth gnawing at the inside of his cheek in nervousness, chest tight with fear and hope, with dread and plea, but it takes so long – so long that the hope begins to dwindle and die, too long, long enough for the
“What do you think it was?” Rogers inquires, warily.
Tony Stark. Always the goddamned fool. Always too hopeful.
shame, the one that makes him feel like his face is melting from embarrassment or rage or both, and many other feelings that are far too complicated to put into words.
He had breathed deep in relief and it
his mind is a dangerous place. Steve was so used to have echoes and white noise going around up there all the time, an endless cacophony he can’t turn off, ever since he was brought back from the ice and thrown into this electric, exhausting future; And now silence is his biggest company, there are so many thoughts he just pushed at the back of his head coming to the surface when he least expects them to, to fill the void the white noise left behind.
the answer Tony was hoping for.
“So you turn into ants?” Nebula inquires.
But he is spotted. Just not by Ross’ people.
The kind you inflict on yourself, because—
“I know we don’t have time.” Rogers says, a little softer, after Natasha has released his arm slowly, still watching him like a hawk. “But we can’t have you getting hurt while we’re trying to save other people.”
“I don’t know.” Thor says. “He simply… reached out and the Stone flowed out of her, towards him. Like I said, it was fluid. Maybe because the Dark Elves are manipulators of dark energy, and the Reality Stone acts on dark energy and dark matter, he could do it. We tried, with many of Asgard’s finest spells, and none of it helped.”
Sometimes, friends, love is not enough to guide you back.
Well, not like it matters if it’s obvious if Steve is the one who asked for it anyway.
The idea makes something unpleasant squirm inside Tony’s chest, the years-old, deep-seated instinct of protecting his heart from anything that might get too close, especially when that thing is of alien nature. “How?”
If – everyone is
Is this a thing that simply runs in their family? This uncanny ability to make him feel scrutinized so deeply that he seems to be see-through? Or is it just the discomfort, the uneasiness and the shame coiling in his guts that make him feel that way, feel shame for not having handled this better, not being able to fix this all by himself, as he wishes he could?
“The Quinjet is gonna go out of commission soon, it’ll be too dark to fly anywhere.” Rhodey points out dejectedly.
, vibrating in its own rhythm and pulse, and he freaking
“We have to work.” Tony says, just – just to say it. To give all of them and himself a reminder of their mission, even if he knows it’s completely pointless and unnecessary. He hopes the obviousness of it will make it easier to follow through if he hears it out loud, but it doesn’t.
“We have four days to fix this?” Rhodey asks, his voice thin with despair.
enhanced individual, of any kind, until very recently. Ever since the Accords have been suggested, various cases of superhuman individuals being legally neglected have been brought to our attention. We hope Mr. Lang’s trial might establish a positive precedent, so we can implement an ethics board and other safeguards, specifically designed to ensure the safety of enhanced and superhuman individuals.”
It feels like forever.
there is more to it. There would be no need to come in person to deliver this news. With Tony’s tech… With the
“We’re gonna have to work something out with the agents.” Tony says, but can’t offer any more details or ideas on
“You think he’s going for the Particles? The ones that power the Ant-Man suit?” Rogers asks, frowning. “Why would he, if he had the suit with him? To use it he would need to have particles in the first place.”
The woman screams.
” Rhodey growls, verging on hysterical. “Do you need to go to a hospital!?”
Tony dodges them and their pitiful stares, uncaring, unable to accept their sympathy, and marches back into the common area to find the others talking anxiously, exchanging rapid words and wild hand gestures, with his breathing ragged from distress and hands closed into determined fists, steel resolution solid in his spine.
mean something comes so readily that it has taken hold of him even before he can stop it. “Not like there’s many names in space.”
“Why, then?” Barton presses.
(He probably missed it too.)
it.” She fiercely reminds them, and if there’s despair edging at the corner of her words, if there’s a wetness that drips beneath her tone, that makes her sound like she’s not as impenetrable as she looks – well, no one calls her on it. “People are scared out there, and I’m not going to sit here and
hum, Steve’s nostrils flare as he breathes, barely keeping himself in check, trying his best to allow T’Challa to speak without interrupting. “And why do you think she is angry about it? Because it is not worry, Captain. It’s anger.”
And the people who are out there that can’t do that, the ones that are afraid and desperate; How will they survive that? What will they do, when they’re left with no other choice?
to me.” Pepper begs, holding his arms, going around so she can stand in front of him so he can’t ignore her again. “What you’re suggesting, it’s too dangerous. Please… You’re not okay. You can’t be serious.”
That’s why he asks, “So, what are you thinking of?”
“Tony.” Rogers says, far too intense, far too
“We have to gather everything we can.”
No way. He’s not gonna argue on this.
seems to, leaving their footprints wherever he goes, dragging his soul behind him bit by bit, stealing every single speck he still has, until he is dry and left with
Bucky can’t hear him breaking down.
(What! What was he supposed to do, kick the guy out!?)
Their movement attracts the attention of the group at the front too. He’s thankful for the distraction.
But, my opinions aside, Steve sure has some opinions of his own. And it's his opinion, his motives, and his emotional responses that are at stake here. My point is that we're talking about why he does what he does, and I'm not above pushing him against the wall to make him talk. If you agree or disagree with what will be said - well, that has to do only with your own opinion of what the Accords are, considering how much and in which circumstances we saw them in action.
He can smell the blood in the water. He won’t stop until he finds the source.
(That’s why they exist.)
Steve blinks, confused with the change of topic. “How do you know that?”
Steve grits his teeth, embracing the pain that crawls up his jaw as an old friend, and he says:
Tony has never met T’Challa’s sister, Princess Shuri, but he has heard a lot. She’s a genius, apparently; From what he’s heard, she is the one responsible for most, if not all, technology in Wakanda, which sounds
But he would be lying if he said he hadn’t expected more… distress from Thor at the idea of losing Mjolnir. The thing that, in no uncertain terms,
In and out.
, but he’s still here, trying to cheer him up. It doesn’t make him feel a whole lot better, but it does spark something softer inside him, something other than the rancid, ugly emotions aroused by his doubts and his regrets, something that seem a little bit like hope. Not for Captain America, and the legal mess he left behind – But for Steve Rogers, the boy from Brooklyn, the stubborn punk who’s always picking up a fight, and so desperately wants to do the right thing.
of those already.
you are back.” FRIDAY exclaims, and Tony is so stupidly sentimental over how worried and caring she sounds, how real she seems, and Tony is so starved for some support he almost wishes he’s made her a body, so he could
Or else he won’t
“He could rebuild it.”
Suddenly, Steve feels physically unable to speak. Something inside him begs him to cause a distraction, to question where Wanda is, why is Vision staying, for how long, and what exactly does it mean. That part of him is screaming, trying to get away as quickly as it can, shutting down all of its attention and raising its walls, trying futilely to keep Steve’s heart unaware, safe and protected in its ignorance, until time passes, and he just
, safe and protected, Tony should’ve never allowed this, and now the kid is
(This.)
That is the answer he will always get. “I was just wondering.”
So, he doesn’t notice at first. It’s insensitive, maybe even cruel, but he really doesn’t notice it how much his life had changed, when he married Maria and had Anthony.
? He is no – He’s just a mechanic, that’s all he is, all he can do is pick up broken pieces and fit them together again. He can’t bring people back to
you. But in the end, I always worry.”
, when Thor had always held his family, even the crazy ones, in such a high regard. And who really knows how much this axe actually means to him, if it means anything at all besides a replacement, no matter how strong it is? Tony doesn’t think he could ever know. The changes Thor has suffered clearly go so far beyond the way he looks, but even then, what can one weapon or another mean, to a man who valued his favorite so much? The only dangerous thing Tony has ever loved so fiercely had been his armor, and god knows his feelings on it are complicated on the best of days.
, stop hitting those same keys over and over again because they’re not helping, him or Bucky, to recover from this. Bucky doesn’t need to hear it. It’ll only make it worse. Steve knows how hard Bucky can blame himself for things he’s not guilty of now, after the Winter Soldier. He should be avoiding this.
Ms. Carter considers his words – and his expression – for a very long moment. He wonders what exactly she is looking for. A confirmation he didn’t lose his mind? He would not fault her for that. Many years ago, in her position, he would have done the same.
them, not like this – they don’t need swords, they need shields, but shields will not help to make the crowd stop rioting when all they want is blood.
“So that’s how it is.” Sam comments, more to himself than for all of them, but it oud enough for them to hear. He sounds defeated.
And I'm starting a movement here. Let Steve Rogers swear 2k18. The man was a soldier in the WWII, for fucks sake Marvel. Let him swear.
(You could have
A movement at the periphery of his vision draws his attention, and he realizes that all this time his bots have been standing right there, behind him. Surprisingly quiet. He had almost forgotten they were there. Tony looks at them and thinks, sorrowful, that he wishes he’d come home to a happy reunion. He wishes he could shrug off the weight that he feels like he’s dragging with him at every step, grab himself a cup of scalding hot coffee and head down to the workshop with them, throwing jokes into the air and pulling up screens with plans and schematics, immersing himself into work as if this day was just another day in his life.
Rogers nods, but he looks like he has just bitten a lemon. “Then our priority is to keep the crowd calm and try to make them cooperate.”
“But can you do it?”
“Let’s assume we’re gonna miss that window.” Tony proposes, because – well, that’s what’s gonna happen. Worst-case scenario. “How long
But then again – any choice would have been.
“Barnes loves me too much.” Tony says, and Wilson full-on snorts, the sound echoing in his cup as he takes a sip. “What? He does. We all know that his problem with me was because he secretly loved me and totally not because I broke his arm on PE once.”
“So?” Tony defensively argues. “It’s not like I can’t afford it! And it’s Captain America themed. On fourth of July!”
But we let them get a hold over us. We destroyed an airport, and we destroyed
(Don’t you say?)
But sometimes, the line between vices and virtues is too thin, too easy to trespass, and ambition and grand goals sometimes makes us blind.
(In exchange of his
Can he really let go of the guilt and pretend everything is fine, that he can’t fight anymore, and let it go?
your feelings.”
“I would never hate him.” Steve denies firmly.
; He does know Infinity Stones leave a trail, and most likely are connected, so maybe Lang
Clint makes a noise on the other side of the call, something Steve can’t exactly describe. “What?”
But he really hopes it doesn’t.
accept to live in a world where he lost the kid and everyone else just moved on. Even if he could make it work. Even if he could design the best, fastest air filters ever produced, even if he could avoid that millions would die of starvation or freezing or pollution or riots, even if he knew there was a way to rebuilt society after things calmed down – he wouldn’t do it.
But he chose to come.
that he’s still alive. It’s— It’s just plain mockery, it’s a
“If we’re gonna bet – we might as well bet on the biggest prize. The one where – no one gets hurt.”
conversation goes in a way he didn’t expected it to.
In fact, if Natasha wasn’t here, he wouldn’t even bother with it. He probably wouldn’t even think about it, because he knew he’d have no help and there would be no other way. He’d just swallow the bitterness down and do what he has to do, because it’s what’s right, and that was that.
anymore. His memories – his previous idea of who Rogers is was clearly not that accurate, so he’s not sure if the way he is reading this is any more correct than before.
clouding her expression. “And they respond to you. They…
. Not possible,
Steve doesn’t know. There is so much he doesn’t know. He wishes he could pinpoint a reason why is it so hard for him to trust Tony, even though he knows Tony is much more than his
, fast.” Bruce orders. “Where is
For some reason, Tony thinks Rogers might actually be saying the truth.
in the army. It just sneaks up on you. And once it does, once it
, Tony is
(Well.)
Sam is rendered completely speechless. Steve knows what that feels like. He watches out of the corner of his eye as Sam paces around like a madman, rubbing his head as if it hurts, staring blankly at the ground and muttering curses under his breath.
Tony can hear his own breath so loud it sounds
“So.” Ms. Carter breathes deeply, as if mentally preparing herself. “What should we do? How can we keep this safe?”
, the emotion echoing inside his own body in perfect, deafening acoustics, so encompassing he almost doesn’t comprehend where it all came from. Rocket immediately tries to reign himself in, ashamed of his reaction, turning his face and wiping his fur frantically as if he could be quick enough to hide the damage that has already been done; And though it’s useless, they all pretend it works, because none of them know how to react to such an open display of vulnerability, none of them confident enough to comfort each other in any way other than their mere presence or an awkward pat on the back.
“Wizard?” Thor asks, sounding very confused. “What wizard?”
“Reverse it?”
(Doesn’t it seem strange?)
Why would he – How could he just admit that? He
, fingers purposeful, and she
Natasha inclines her head to the side, in a flippant gesture. “If you don’t mind.”
He’ll do this for them. He will do
“Someone start looking into the rubble of the building. We have to clear that up next.”
“Thank you, Vision.” Steve exhales, relieved, and physically takes a step back, needing to put some distance between himself and the
No one in the room makes a sound.
“Well, I’m listening now.” He ominously says. “So… Would you like to tell me what the hell is going on with the team?”
anger, this is vengeful.
Rogers?
Tony flies overhead the crowd, shuddering more every single second he realizes he can’t find any of the others anywhere in the middle of the mob of hysteric people, and he’s filled with a horrible sense that something might happen while he’s not watching, that he won’t be able to help them, that they’ll get hurt and he won’t do enough, not fast enough—
Had they known, what would they have done?
side, rather than Thanos’? Why would they be on anyone’s side?”
“No.” He concludes. “I don’t think you will. Not yet, Captain.”
, everything Tony tried to build himself into and never quite managed it.
“We’re gonna have to attack them with
“You’ll have a
“Tony?”
“But it still kind of is, isn’t it?” Tony gives her a shaky, twitchy sad smile. “It
Tony screeches, distraught, because his voice is ragged and desperate and hysterical, he is angry and he is ashamed and he is
He’s desperate.
She didn’t deserve it. It’s not fair. That was her sister.
“I know it was reckless—” Rogers says, attempting an apology, but Tony refuses to hear it.
Lang is an engineer. Tony would never refuse his help, despite the small differences they’ve had in the past.
(No.)
It’s just his nature.
The being stares at him for a long, long time, before they give him the tiniest of nods, black eyes deep and endless, and locked on Tony’s without flinching. “Then get on the ship. We can go together.”
Steve gulps, keeping his lips very carefully closed, so he won’t give away anything that might try and dare to slip out of his lips. He wonders if it makes any difference. He wonders if Wanda can see through him all the same.
it.” Tony counters immediately, and as soon as he does, he becomes uncomfortably aware of how
Thor backs off instinctively, removing his face from his leaning position towards Tony and taking half a step back, making a strategic retreat in case he needs the range of motion should Tony get violent. And Tony sees this, and he feels like absolute garbage, because this is
(You should step back.)
“More than I have.” Nebula huffs, bitterly. “You took
(But of all things.)
wondering
Bad Nebula. Baiting him with
“Honestly,” Tony began, mimicking Steve’s earlier statement, “I just needed to breath too.”
“Wait so if you just came here to kiss me, does that mean…?”
That thought, paired with the fact that Steve had dropped all the way down and was grinding himself against Tony, pushed Tony over the edge and he came with a gasp, his whole body stilling as he let the post orgasmic calm course through his veins.
Sam looked at him, still worried, but shrugged off his concerns and turned to walk inside. Steve followed suit, internally trying to calm his nerves. The pair of them stepped up to the door, Sam taking one last look back before opening the door.
“I’ll support you, whatever you want to do,” Tony offered, just above a whisper.
“Steve,”
“Ah, yeah, that.” Tony said, nodding his head solemnly. “Well, we needed proof that you actually paid Kyle, like you said you would, so I asked JARVIS to pull that up once he’d had access to all of your systems and information.”
"If by 'wrong' you mean 'absolutely amazing', then yes," Tony said, resting his forehand against Steve's before taking in a deep breath. "I think it's safe to say that you are the best kisser I've ever met, and please believe me when I tell you that I would
“How is this funny to you?” Tony asked, offended.
“Was that just another lie to you?”
date the man.”
in the aquarium.”
“Peter and I usually get burgers after Robotics team then I give him a ride home. You’re welcome to come along with us, if you’re free.”
“Listen, if you think you have a crush on Tony, that’s fine. I think you should really talk to Bucky about this though.”
“Hey guys, what are we talking about?” Tony asked, coming into the room. Steve mentally face palmed, wondering if any other stragglers would join the conversation or if this was it.
“We need to talk about what happened last night…”
“What’s a pretty little omega like you doing here all alone?” A voice asked.
“Oh god I take back
“Yeah, yeah, I got it,” he responded, fumbling with his seatbelt.
And with that, Dr. Foster drew some blood, checked Steve’s vitals and went through a whole list of questions to try to figure out what had kept the omega feeling so sick lately. Once he left the examination room, he was practically as pale as a ghost. He plopped down in the seat next to Natasha, looking terrified.
Steve grabbed the Gatorade, chugging almost half of it before he began scarfing down food. “How are you not hungover right now?” he asked around a mouthful of bacon.
“OKAY!” she yanked Tony’s hand and dragged him into the kitchen.
“Alright, I’ll be right back with your drinks,” Steve spoke before practically running off. The second he got to the servers’ station he let out a breath he had unintentionally been holding.
“Sure we do. There’s all of Cora’s stuff that’s here and then there’s the stuff that’s at Peggy’s and, if I’m moving in, there’s my stuff. And Steve, honey, it worked when she was little, but that converted walk in closet isn’t going to fit a bed in it and she should start sleeping in a bed soon.”
Steve sat back down, only this time much closer to the alpha, and pointed at a small black mass.
Steve looked up at the alpha, confused but slightly amused at the same time.
It only took a split second to realize that Peter had placed Tony next to Steve, standing with them on either side behind him. It was evident that Peter was pleased with himself, even if Tony wasn’t able to see the smug grin on the boy’s face. The second the flash went off, Tony felt the man beside him tense up. He quickly turned to smile up at Steve, but was met with a look of apprehension. Tony wondered, momentarily, if he should just give up and call the whole night a failure, but the second his phone began to vibrate in his pocket, he knew that it was now or never.
The intent is clear.
He does risk a look around the room, because he needs – he needs to make sure they’re
just magic. Not
, but… promise to come back. Promise it’ll be okay.
He sounds like a complete hypocrite when he thinks that, but dear God, he does. He regrets he wasn’t there. Because he cannot fully trust them,
And from somewhere in the darkness, a soft, shaky reply comes. She sounds like she is holding back a sob.
, so he isn’t defenseless, so he isn’t
Metaphorical and literal.
(Give me this!)
Pepper. Happy. Rhodey. May. Fury. Hill.
Because
That’s what makes him walk into the room with his back straight, with as much composure and calm as he can, even though his chest still feels like it weighs a ton. It’s not a matter of dignity, not really. It’s not even him putting up his guards, although he feels like he
Thor visibly steels himself for this conversation, sensing that Tony does not believe him, but refusing to not be heard. There is a hardened, solid strength to the way he clenches his jaw, and straightens his spine, after taking in a sharp, strong breath – and Tony recognizes the posture as one he does himself, when he’s bracing himself for an argument with someone he
the sound of his shield whacking away the Roombas gets even louder.
He’d known this day would come.
from you since you were placed in house arrest.
So many details that should be insignificant but aren’t anymore. A slowly building paranoia, an ugly feeling that he might one day snap his own neck for not being too careful while looking over his shoulder. It makes his skin crawl. He hasn’t felt like this since the war.
“You know why I’m fighting you? Because I signed it.” Natasha says, and she sounds
(Isn’t it.)
Steve has been keeping his friends at an arm’s length for a while, because he felt like he was
“He’s here,” Steve breathed.
Clint said, narrowing his eyes. Steve had no idea why the suspicious look made him so uncomfortable, but he felt as though he had something to cover up.
“Well, looking at your work for the past few months, it seems you’ve improved greatly since we first brought you here as an intern. You and Tony have definitely had your ups and downs over the years, which is what drove me to make this decision…We’re promoting you to Graphic Design Manager. The entire graphic design team will now report to you, effective on the first of next month. Congratulations, Steve, you’ve really earned it.”
“Well as your team mate and friend, I promise that this will stay between us.”
“Got it, hot stuff,” Tony winked, pulling at Steve’s pants with all of his might.
“I just...I’m confused I guess. I’m not sure if they...if we…”
Tony didn’t even have a chance to open his mouth, once they got to the table, before Natasha practically skipped over to throw her arms around Steve’s neck in a hug. She turned to the rest of the group, and clapped her hands together. “Group, this is Steve, my fiance’s best friend. Since you’re all adults you can introduce yourselves.”
Tony began to thrust faster and deeper the more Steve spoke. His movements became more haphazard as he got closer to his climax. Steve raked his nails down Tony’s chest, letting out a strangled
“But this painting... god, I love you so much.” Tony lept into Steve’s arms, wrapping his legs around his boyfriend, and smothering him in a kiss. “Thank you,” he whispered, leaning their foreheads together. “I love it. And I love you.”
“Thank you Natasha, for all your help.”
“I trust you, Tony.”
“Well, clearly we’re off to a great start here,” Pepper spoke to the room, while reaching for a tissue to give to Steve, “Shall we continue?” She asked, wanting to make sure that Steve was ready to go on.
“Please don’t tell Bucky or Sam or Clint; not yet. I just...I need some time to figure everything out, but until then please don’t say a word to anyone.”
“Oh, well I was thinking maybe you’d like to accompany me and the rest of the team on a bonding exercise.”
Steve smiled back and stepped out of his car, making the walk into the school with Tony.
Steve swatted at Bucky’s hands. “I’m older than you, asshole,” he grumbled. The other men just laughed in response. “We ready to go now?” Steve asked, with a huff. Tony popped the trunk, allowing Steve to put his bag away, and said goodbye to Sam and Bucky as he moved to the driver’s seat.
“Hi there, baby,” Tony whispered, “since I got to see you for the first time tonight, I figured I should introduce myself.”
“Tony’s been working on a lot of different projects. He’s just been really busy.”
“Aside from the fact that we literally don’t have enough time for me to even begin to get into it, I also don’t want to put you on blast in front of your new friend. The short answer, though, is that you are absolutely exhausting.”
“Stick another finger in my goddamn ass.”
Tony felt the burn of hot tears falling down his face the second he was alone. He wiped at them angrily, as he moved to collect his things. He went to wait outside for the car, and as he waited, he couldn’t help but give in to his father’s words. As much as he hated to admit it, deep down he knew Howard was right. There was no way he would be able to give Steve or Mason the life they deserved. With Howard’s words ringing over and over again, Tony made the decision to do what he had secretly always known he needed to do.
“Any idiot can learn how to change a diaper. Even you,” Bucky offered, turning to face Tony with the dirty diaper in hand. “Now since I did all the work, you get to clean up the mess.”
“Didn’t take you long to get rid of every trace of mom, huh?” Tony asked, looking at the walls that used to house paintings that meant the world to his mother.
“How else am I supposed to put it?!”
Steve rolled his eyes at Bucky’s words.
Tony used a ruler to carefully make a chart, filling in the days of the week while Cora colored next to him. When he was done making the boxes, he handed it to Coraline.
omega before I rip your puny little shrimp dick off and choke you with it.”
“Ok, and…” Tony prompted him to continue.
“Uh...I’ll have the Chicken Panang Curry,” Tony answered before handing the waiter his menu, looking at Steve to give his answer as well.
“Tell Sam his name, Stevie,” Bucky prodded.
Steve looked up at his friend to see a sincere smile with kind eyes. He gave a small nod before smiling up at the brunet.
“What did you want to talk about?” the blond asked, keeping his back turned.
“How’s the boyfriend?”
“Well, I only found out today that I needed another teacher to help out if we plan to do any of the out of town tournaments.” Tony replied, praying that the conversation would just end there.
Steve considered the bot. It had a square monitor for a head, with little antenna sticking out at the top. It’s two uneven arms sat at the sides of it’s rectangular body, hovering over two wheels. Steve smiled down at his creation, thinking of the perfect name. “I think I’ll name it Sprocket.”
“Uh...yeah, I was just taking a minute before I came inside.”
“Babe, I’ll have my cell phone, you can call or text me any time,” Tony offered, seemingly confused by the conversation at hand. Steve just sighed before he continued.
Tony let that sink in. Steve liked him
“Bruce and I went to MIT together. We’ve tried to keep up over the years and see each other when we can. Now that he’s living here, we’ll definitely be seeing more of each other. Also, how come it’s taken this long for me to find out you were here?” Tony asked, now turning his attention back onto the doctor.
“Aren’t you though? You broke up with me on my fucking
“Was it really worth it, though? Stealing the code, sabotaging the robotics competition, making me fall for Steve, all of that just to stick it to an ex that you allegedly don’t care about at all?”
“Shut up and watch the movie, babe.” Steve laughed as he ruffled Tony’s hair.
Steve wanted to believe that with all of his heart.
"What the actual… heck, Stark?" Bucky asked, censoring himself. Tony looked up, giving a delirious smile. "Are you two angels, sent down from the heavens to rescue me from this nightmare?"
Steve constantly spent time wondering what it meant every time Tony would pull him into a kiss, or lace their fingers together while they were alone. He wanted to believe that the alpha was falling for him just as hard as he had, but he knew better than to entertain that thought for too long. He didn’t know what this was between the two of them, but he did know that right now, it was enough.
“Uh…”
“Am I in the super-secret boy band now?”
“To the hospital? Why? Bruce...Bruce! Will you tell me what’s going on?” Tony asked, grabbing the beta’s arm to stop him.
“Yeah. Tony showed up yesterday to ask why I’d resigned and I told him about the baby. We talked and we decided to keep it. I also retracted my resignation.”
Steve just rolled his eyes at the statement.
Steve instantly recognized the voice as Peter. He looked up, concerned with the clear worry in teen’s voice. “Hey Peter, what’s up?”
, but yeah, I said that,” Tony spoke around a mouth full of fries.
Tony sat up, fighting tears as he grabbed at his clothes. He didn’t bother putting them on, just held them over his junk as he ran out the door. Once he slammed it behind him he realized that he’d left the key inside. He fell to the floor and cried until he couldn’t anymore.
“All we have time for is complete honesty, Corporal,” Rhodey answered.
Steve stood from his chair to see Bruce, Clint and Natasha staring at him. “What?” He asked, moving to grab his extra lunch from the fridge.
Last time, he thought he did have a family. Alas…
“Juice!” Cora exclaimed.
The two sat down on the patio steps, relishing in the crisp fall air, before Tony let out a deep breath.
Steve pouted. “You don’t have to be mean about it.”
She nodded bashfully and held up her arms. Steve picked her up and carried her the rest of the way into the restaurant.
“You didn’t do anything wrong here, Stevie,” Bucky said, gently. “From what you told us, there’s a whole shitstorm going on that has absolutely nothing to do with you. It sucks that you got swept up in it, but this is not your fault.”
,” Tony pleaded as Steve started tickling him. “Jesus fuck, stop, stop, please stop.”
“I uh....” Steve stammered, having to clear his throat to stop the lump that was forming. “I’m not sure though, that there’s much I can do at this point.”
“You literally texted me,
Steve couldn’t muster anything more than a whisper for the words he had for her.
“Try again.”
“Well, I know a guy who was able to pull some strings so, with the exception of staff, we’ve got the whole place to ourselves for two hours.”
“Love you,” Tony murmured between kisses.
Steve went the rest of the week without speaking to Tony, in an effort to try to think clearly. More often than not, some part of him would say this was a mistake while the rest of him screamed for him to find the brunet and kiss the life out of him. Steve just couldn’t wrap his mind around any of this, now that it was a reality instead of a far off fantasy. He knew how his friends all felt about it, but there was one last person he needed approval from before making any kind of decision. He decided then that once work ended on Friday, he would make his way to see his mom.
“Why don’t you come work for me?” Natasha asked, casually.
“With how hungover you are, it looks like
“I really don’t want to do this, okay guys?” Steve interrupted. “I know you all tried to warn me. I know you said I tend to fall quickly and end up getting hurt. I
“Happy burfday Ony!” Cora giggled, as Steve moved in to give her a kiss as well, before heading towards the kitchen.
Steve really wanted to push this, he couldn’t imagine what Tony had to say that he felt he couldn’t share, but he decided to drop it for now. If Tony wanted time, then the least he could do was give him that. He just wasn’t sure how much longer he’d be able to wait around for Tony to finally let him in.
“Yep...that’s all you have to say,” Steve offered, attempting to reassure Tony that he had it. The shorter man looked at him for a few moments, as if he were waiting for Steve to realize something. He wracked his brain for what the brunet could possibly be waiting for, and then it hit him: Tony had just apologized to him.
“I…I think that you’ll tell me what’s going on when you’re ready.”
“Sorry, you...you had spicy mayo on your face,” Tony explained.
“This is the little bit that I was able to get out of the DeWitt robotics coach last night after the match. I didn’t want to sound like I was digging for specific information, so I just asked a lot of general stuff, but I figured your friends might be able to work with this.”
He knew exactly what his friends were doing, and he was already over it. Whenever there was even a hint of someone new in Steve’s life, his friends would all but shake him down for information on them, then scrutinize everything about them with a fine toothed comb. He wasn’t ready to deal with that with Tony, especially when there wasn’t really a relationship for them to scrutinize in the first place.
“If I tell you, you have to promise to keep your big mouth shut.”
“You aren’t telling me because you’re trying to hide something, so no, we can’t just
They walked into the dimly lit gym, and Steve took stock of his surroundings. It looked like any other run of the mill high school gymnasium, with the bleachers folded into the wall, basketball court marked out on the floor tiles, and doors towards the back leading to what looked to be offices. Despite all of this, though, for some reason, Steve found himself feeling an unwavering sense of joy, excitement, and gratefulness looking at the room where he’d be spending most of his time over the next several months.
“I couldn’t agree more.”
“Tony!” Steve called, attempting to sound exasperated but coming off fond. “I know how to walk up stairs.”
Tony could see the exact moment that it all clicked for Howard. The thought had never crossed his mind that Tony could do with the company what he wanted in once Howard was gone. Truth be told, the thought had never really occurred to Tony, either. But once he saw that look on his father’s face, he knew he’d found a way to win.
“Hey,” he said, not even trying to contain his smile at this point.
“Coraline! Be nice to your daddy!” Tony gaped. Steve had told Tony she’d been misbehaving, but Tony hadn’t expected her to be rude to
“Hi,” Tony tried, lifting his hand up for a small wave.
“What the fuck did you just say?” Tony asked, narrowing his eyes. Before Steve had a chance to react, Tony grabbed him by the arms and shoved him against the wall. “What the
“Nnh, what’s wrong?” Tony asked, barely awake.
“Something wrong?” Bucky asked, seemingly worried.
“Okay so…” Natasha started, looking at Tony expectantly. When it became clear Tony had no clue what she wanted from him, she sighed. “Go after him!”
"I figured I'd butter you up first before asking."
The room fell silent, save for the whirring of Dummy.
“Nice to meet you, Tony,” Steve said, smiling as he offered his hand to shake. Tony took it, and couldn’t help but notice how strong the shorter man’s handshake was.
Tony felt his phone vibrate in his pocket, immediately moving to check the message he’d gotten.
During his four years in the army before he was discharged, Steve spent his time training to become a strategist. He’d been taught how to truly evaluate and dissect any and all obstacles that came his way, to a point where he tried to solve all of life’s troubles in the same way. His fears about this new job were no different.
“This
“Get some rest, babe. I’ll call you later tonight. I love you,” Steve said, sadness evident in his voice.
Steve just shook his head and rolled his eyes, taking a seat at the desk closest to Clint’s. As he started looking through the stack of paperwork in front of him, Steve knew, now more than ever, that he was going to like it at Midtown High just fine.
Tony couldn’t keep the small laugh from escaping, but once he saw the slightly angry face Steve was sending him, he stopped.
“Let me guess, ‘nipples’ was up there?” Steve asked, amusement evident in his voice. Tony just sat down calmly before turning to look at him with a straight face.
“Firstly, thank you for refusing to classify 33 as old—”
“Bullshit Tony. I don’t buy that for a second, and I don’t think you do either.”
“Why’d you have to say it so weird, Stark?”
“Okay.” Tony experimentally rolled his hips and holy hell that was good. He fought to stay in control, to take care of Steve, but it was hard. Tony wasn’t used to having to hold back. For one, he was used to either bottoming or being with a woman. This was his second time topping, the first having gone horribly,
That warranted Pepper’s attention. She called to the front desk to ask them to hold all of her calls and push back the next few meetings she had scheduled. Once that was done, Pepper gave Tony her full attention.
“I guess since we’re here, we could take a walk through the garden,” Steve offered.
Rhodey moved to pace his hand on Tony’s shoulder.
Tony took a sip, tasting the soda water with a hint of lime. He felt his cheeks warm as he gave a small smile and nodded. Steve responded with a single nod before turning back to the group. “So, what were you guys talking about while I was away?” he asked, taking a sip of whatever brown liquid he had in his glass.
“Ahh, dear sweet Happy, that, my friend is where you’re wrong,” Tony spoke, sitting up against the headboard, “I don't
“Tony, clean out your ears and listen to me! I want this. Why is that not enough for you to give this a shot?”
“I’d love some, thank you. And it’s pouring outside. I...ran half of the way here because I really needed to talk to you.”
Steve thought over the question. He couldn’t deny the fact that Tony’s seemingly sudden change of character was a little odd, but then he thought about how nice the past few weeks had been with the two of them actually getting along, and wanted that to continue.
“Me...for losing it on Steve on Friday,” Tony stated, cautiously.
“She would probably tell me that she’s disappointed in my carelessness but that she’d still love and support me no matter what. But unfortunately, with her being dead and all, I guess we’ll never know, will we?”
Tony noticed the way that Steve was looking down, as if he were bracing for the worst, and his heart sank. He knew in that moment that what he said next would drastically affect their lives forever.
Steve’s inner voice reminded him. He wanted to tamp down on the hope bubbling up. Everything seemed like it was going so well, but Steve couldn’t be sure. In the past, he’d always jumped headlong into his feelings for others, and it always ended up backfiring. He wanted so desperately for something, anything, to come of this new friendship with Tony, but Steve knew he needed to move slowly and with intent if this...thing had any hope of being successful.
“I got what you were saying. Alright, uncork this beaut.”
“Apologize.”
“We were both given second chances at life, so we shouldn’t waste them. Punishing ourselves for things we did or didn’t do. You deserve to be happy, just as much as anyone else does.”
“Listen, during the week, it’s literally just me, Sam and Clint working. I could really use someone else on bar. You wouldn’t be making as much in tips as the weekend crew, but once you work your way up to it I can move you around to see what the best fit is for you.”
“Woah! Two whole years old! Your brothers are nice to take you out for dinner.”
“So before we get to the store, I really need to stress how much you should trust me here. I’m only doing this for your benefit and only have your best interest at heart.”
His friends all groaned in unison, assuming that Steve actually listened to the alpha’s request.
“Are you sure?” Steve asked, looking cautious.
The fact that Tony was interested in Steve’s work was enough to stun him into silence for the following half hour as they continued their drive, listening to the rest of the playlist. Once the music stopped, Tony glanced at Steve. “So, how was your week, how’s school going?”
“Yeah, I’m sure
“Are you just gunna stand there lookin’ pretty or are you gunna come on in?” Natasha asked, now standing at the front door.
” Nat said, ruffling the brunet’s hair.
“Yeah, well, you’re stuck with me, whether you think you deserve me or not, so deal with it,” Steve replied, placing a hand on Tony’s chest.
“Sure thing, Pepper, please have a seat,” Steve offered, taking a seat on the couch as well. “Now, what it is that you wanted to talk about?”
“Shwasted? Really Steve?”
“Hi,” he said, breathlessly. Tony just smiled at him, brushing a hand over Steve’s arm as he walked into the apartment.
Tony sat back in awe of those standing in front of him. Each and every single person in that room made up the only true family that Tony had ever known. He had never truly thought about it until now, but this was his pack. These were the people he will go to the ends of the world for and he knew then that they would do the same for him.
“I’m really lucky that I get to call you mine,” Steve whispered, gently kissing Tony’s temple.
“Alright well, to start, I guess I should say there really is no excuse for the things Tony said to you, that was absolutely unacceptable, and I’m sorry it happened at all. But please know that his words weren’t coming from a place of him not trusting you.”
“Yeah nugget?” he asked, smoothing down her hair after she crawled into her covers.
“Can we be serious for five minutes here? I’m genuinely concerned about you and wanted to check up on you.”
Steve put the phone down and closed his eyes for a moment just to think. Bucky might have been a jerk earlier, but he was right about one thing. A year ago, the omega would have laughed, hard, if anyone had tried to tell him that this is where he would be now. He hadn’t really spent much time thinking about who he’d have children with one day, but he couldn’t help but think that he would have liked to know the person a little bit better. Steve had to consciously stop himself from continuing on with those types of thoughts. Though the omega couldn’t honestly say he was happy with the predicament he was in, this baby already meant so much to him.
The elevator ride up to the roof was silent, Tony trying to focus more on the weight of the champagne bottle in the gift bag he held and less on the fact that Steve stood so close behind him that he could feel the heat radiating off of him. Once on the roof, they stepped out to see cafe lights strewn about overhead, with small clusters of people all around. This was by no means anything like most of the events Tony attended, and yet, he found himself wishing that every gala, every ball, every party he was forced to show up to had the same warmth and excitement that this small Brooklyn rooftop had.
