“Don’t know but I guess if whatever this is
They looked at each other and Dean mouthed ‘
The fight continued but that wasn’t what got Dean’s attention. It was the slight tingle that went through his body as he could feel the invisible force getting weaker and then it hit him; they were trying to distract Alastair.
“Hey guys, I brought the foo-” Sam broke off once he saw the scene in front of him and blushed furiously. “Sorry guys, I’ll be… uhm… in the library…” and with that, he was gone. Dean froze before he groaned against Cas’ neck.
”Yeah... it's just I'm worried about this hunt,” he confessed, thankful that Cas couldn't see him right now.  Cas was quiet for a bit before he said.
But what caught Dean’s attention the most where the piercing blue eyes, staring directly at him.
” I know but that's not why I'm worried. Not completely. I'm more worried about you and Sammy. I mean what he did to you last time…” Dean had to gather his thoughts before he continued, ”I don't want that to happen again. Especially since now, we are together and I couldn't forgive myself if something happened to you..”
“What the hell?” He asked. Sam looked at him with a raised eyebrow.
There, sitting at a small writing desk in the far corner, was a man. He had his back to Dean and he was hunched over the desk, his head cocked precariously to the side as he wrote furiously. Spock sat atop a clunky computer monitor, one of the older models, watching the man intently, barely registering that Dean had entered the room.
“Dean, we found the demon. He’s about half an hour away in an abandoned warehouse.”
Dean blew his nose loudly into a tissue, his nose red with irritation and his eyes puffy and watery.
Spock sat his happy ass right in the middle of Dean's couch, which is where he delightfully curled up when he wasn't insisting on laying directly on Dean's lap.
They were so caught up in their pleasure that they didn’t hear the knock on the door. The door swung open and Sam’s voice sounded in the room.
“You.”
“Hmm, taste good.” Suddenly his mouth opened and black smoke escaped his vessel before it fell to the ground. Behind it was Cas, somewhat dazed but angry with his angel blade in hand. With Alastair gone, the invisible bonds disappeared and Dean and Sam slumped to the ground, Dean’s eyes looking at Cas. When Cas noticed that the demon was gone, his eyes widened a bit before he just...disappeared.
The search took longer than anticipated, especially with traffic and all the other things they hadn’t taken into account, like eating or people not being very cooperative. They were at the last motel for the day, the sky already getting dark outside. Sam had decided to stay in the car and do some more research while Dean did the asking.
“I need a break,” he announced.
“I could say the same,” Cas grinned. Dean just shook his head before leaning down again and started nibbling at Castiel’s jaw and went down to his neck, licking and sucking lightly. Cas had apparently not anticipated this and his hips bucked up, making both of them hum in pleasure.
“Shit. Okay, I'm on my way, stay at the motel.
Dean was amazed at how jealous his own thoughts sounded, even to himself. But he couldn’t help it, he cared about the angel.
Castiel snapped his fingers and pointed at Dean, his eyes twinkling. “Exactly! Within
“What are you doing here anyway?” He asked curiously.
for the amazing artworks and also the creators of PPB for making this chance possible.
“Hello, Dean,” he said and even though Dean couldn’t see his face he could hear the smile in his voice. Dean leaned forward and kissed Cas’ neck.
“I’ll pay Mr Novak's room a visit,” he smirked before disappearing into the hallway. When he arrived in front of Castiel’s room, he put his ear on the door. Luckily the doors and walls were pretty much paper-thin, making it easy for Dean to hear the shower being turned on. He quietly opened the door and tiptoed into the room, looking around the small place. It had the same furniture Dean's room had but it was cleaner than his, books on a neat pile on the table, the bed made.
“I'm Castiel,” he said, holding out a hand. Dean took it without thinking, the man's skin soft, his touch much lighter than expected, causing the hair to stand on Dean's arms and the back of his neck. He found himself not wanting to let go, even when the man pulled away. Dean opened his mouth to speak, but Castiel waved a hand, dismissing him. “I know who you are, Dean.”
“Hey Cas, you alright buddy?”
“So like a demon?” Sam asked.
“So get this…” Sam said one night after they had been researching for hours again. “Apparently there
“Awww how cute. You’re trying to protect him even though he lied to you...” He walked up to Cas after picking up the angel blade and tore the fabric of Castiel’s white button-up open, exposing a giant pair of tattooed wings. Cas struggled to get free.
“He definitely has. I think we should go eat though, otherwise, he might come back.” Cas advised but didn’t make a move to stand up. They laid there for a bit trying to relax and make the obvious bulge in their pants go away. After some time Dean kissed him again before scrambling off of the bed and reaching a hand out for Cas.
Castiel nodded and continues to walk again, looking down as he gestured wildly with his hands, seemingly on the verge of some sort of breakthrough. “Good! So it stands to reason, then, that these types of love the Greeks highlight begins with a love that is possibly formed without actually making any sort of physical contact with this person, correct?”
; they were together. After half the trip Sam had even offered to sit in the back if Cas wanted to sit next to Dean. Dean had looked into the rearview mirror and seen the slightly brighter eyes. He could tell that this meant a lot to Cas and when he sat down in the front, Dean smiled fondly at him.
“Guys!” Dean said louder this time, which luckily got the attention of both celestial beings.
He looked at him confused before he heard footsteps and a demon passed them, luckily not noticing them. Dean was very thankful that his boyfriend had heightened senses because otherwise, this could have blown their whole plan.
Dean thought as he quickly made his way back to his room. Sam looked up and saw the anger in his brother’s eyes.
“Maybe that too but he isn’t human, at least not fully. He has lost a lot of his grace, I can feel it, but he’s still an angel.”
Sam, Cas and Dean meet Alastair and they find out what had Cas been hiding from them...
“I won’t. Don’t want to die from Dean Winchester’s bullets.”
“Nothing,” Sam said before he averted his eyes back to the book in front of him. Dean just smirked at a rather blushing Cas.
“Where are you going?”
Dean thought but for some reason, he didn't mind. Cas was important to him and he needed to get these things out before it was too late.
They checked into the nearest motel, Sam and Dean sharing a room and Cas taking the one next to them since the motel didn’t have a room with three beds. They left their stuff there and then made their way to the crime scene.
About half an hour later they were on their way to that warehouse, Sam sitting shotgun and Castiel in the back. Dean was still pissed at Cas but he tried to push those thoughts away, for now. They could argue later.
” Sam asked when he saw the shorter man, just as surprised as Dean had been. Gabriel just smiled and winked at him.
”I fixed it, don't worry.”
“Like what you see?” He asked and Dean blushed furiously as he looked away.
The house smelled stale and the cool October weather had given the house an eerie bone chill, much colder than it realistically should have been. Dean let out a puff of air, his breath coming out in a cloud in front of him. He was too distracted to remark on how odd that was. He stopped just inside the door, allowing his eyes to adjust to the dark inside the home, and wrapped his arms tightly around his midsection to fend off the cold.
“This is Castiel Novak,” Bobby announced, pulling Dean back into reality.
“All done, and because I don’t want you to…” He never got to finish that sentence because a pair of black and blue wings behind Cas caught his attention. “Wow…” He breathed out in awe. Cas blushed, not looking at Dean.
“I think this should help your memory, don’t you think?” Dean asked seriously, looking angry. The guy just nodded, gulping.
Cas let out a sarcastic laugh at that. “Look who’s talking. You are the one who has been pissed since you saw me. I have been polite the whole time.”
“So imagine you take the concept of Christianity away from the meaning of agape. We’re left with a spiritual love, or the ability to love another without expectation or judgement. So I suppose my question for you is: is it possible for a human being who does not believe in…divine being,” he waved his hand around his head dramatically, rolling his eyes, “to achieve agape?”
The ride to the motel was silent, neither of them speaking, all lost in their thoughts. The few times Dean glanced back at Castiel, he saw the dark-haired man play with his lip piercing, letting his tongue run over the metal ring.
“Alastair...I thought you had learned your lesson after last time.” Cas spat back.
kill them; it’s the blade of an angel,” he explained. Dean saw Cas stiffen a little but didn’t pay too much attention to it.
“Don’t you
“Come in.” Cas entered the room, looking...exhausted. He walked up to them before sitting down on the chair.
Sam frowned at his brother. “Bobby’s right, Dean. We need him. Especially if he’s an expert on demons.”
“Sammy, you okay?” Dean asked, concerned as his brother grumbled in a bit of pain and tried to stand up. “Easy there, tiger. You were blasted against the wall and it looks like you hit your head a bit. We’ll patch you up,” Dean quipped. Dean helped Sam up and then they were facing Gabe and Balthazar again.
“You’re right. I
“I forgot my shower gel and wanted to ask if one of you has one I could borrow.” Dean swallowed trying to get his throat wet again. He just stared at Cas for a few seconds before he raised his eyebrows, seeing that Cas was looking at him, a smirk on his lips.
?” He asked mockingly, reaching his hand out to pin them to the wall as well. Balthazar was blasted back but Gabe stood there unfazed.
“What is going on?” Cas asked softly. Dean sighed.
Sam still looked in awe of the huge wings and Dean couldn’t help the smirk on his lips.
”We haven't even found any sign of where he might be. Don't you think this is a bit too much? I'm an aeons year old being. I don't think a bit of blood loss will harm me,” Cas tried to reason. Dean knew he was being overprotective but he didn't care. It was only for the best.
“Fuck, Cas…” Dean breathed before he thrust down. Quickly they fell into a rhythm lazily moving against each other as they continued to kiss and nibble at each other’s skin.
“Yeah, it was. I don’t like this at all. Let’s just hope that they were just having a bad day and that this isn’t a trap,” Dean said grimly while carefully pushing open the door. Sam already sneaked in but Cas grabbed Dean’s arm and held him back. Dean looked at him questioningly but before he could ask Cas leaned up and kissed him softly.
“Be careful,” Cas whispered before following Sam inside. Dean just looked after him for a few seconds. This was so sweet from Cas and he couldn’t help but smile to himself before his expression changed again as he went inside and quietly closed the door behind him.
“What’s the whole deal with the demons anyway?” Dean asked, not taking this intense silence any longer. Castiel cleared his throat before speaking, trying not to look into the mirror.
“Hey, hey, be careful!” he barked.
“Dean, do you believe in agape?”
“I’m not sure it’s possible to love another person without expecting anything in return. You know? I mean…to love someone completely, despite all their flaws, and that person not even love you back? They may as well not even know about it.”
started blasting and he knew it was Sammy. He didn’t answer though. He would be back soon enough anyway, then they could talk. But his phone started ringing again.
The emptiness didn't quite echo, but his voice felt small in the empty space. No answer came. He heard faint scuffling to his right, and he opened his eyes as wide as he could, straining to see.
“Hey, Cas…” Dean said with a smirk. Cas didn’t look up from his book.
“He’s a what now?” Sam asked baffled.
Dean stared first at Castiel and then at Sam but dropped it. “Fine, but I’d like to shower first and eat something,” he declared, making his way towards the bathroom.
“Wait,” Castiel said in his deep voice, “this isn’t just any demon.” He stood up as well, though walked over to one of the statues in the house, a red liquid running down the eyes of the woman praying.
“Cas? You okay?” He asked not caring about the amused smile on the demon's face. Cas turned his blue eyes on him, and Dean could clearly make out the mischievous glint in them. He looked rather relaxed, not fearing anything. Cas smirked at him before they heard another loud noise, and then the sound of wings clapping once more.
Dean snapped his mouth closed when Charlie turned the phone to him. The man smiling shyly from the screen had messy dark hair that looked like there was a mere attempt to tame, dark circles under his eyes, pink lips against surprisingly clean-shaven skin, and eyes bluer than they had any right to be.
“I haven't seen anything like this since...but this isn’t possible...it can’t be,” he mumbled, oblivious to the others.
need him,” Bobby snapped.
“You know,” he started in a conversational tone, still focused on Dean, “I was thinking about killing you first, but now I have a way better idea. I’m gonna torture and kill the others first; Sam is your brother, so his suffering is going to be hard for you, and Castiel over here, is your lover. It is going to destroy you.” His grin widened more as he imagined his plan in his head.
“Liar,” Dean said, narrowing his eyes on Cas.
“Don’t, there’s nothing to apologize for. It’s just… I don’t want to rush it. I mean only an hour ago you were pissed at me and I don’t want this to just be the heat of the moment.” Cas said shyly and
“Something...happened? I just assumed the guy moved away. No one's been in there as long as I've lived here, I don't think. Until Cas, that is.”
When he turned the corner, the light seemed to brighten, too bright at first, and music flooded his ears. It was classical music, a soft piano rift, and while it wasn't very loud, he vaguely realized that he definitely should have heard it before actually entering the room. Simultaneously, part of his brain told him that the music had indeed been playing the whole time, and suddenly, it didn't strike him as odd. He blinked a few times, adjusting to the sudden light, and nearly jumped out of his skin at what he saw.
About a month after they first encountered Alastair there was finally another sighting of paranormal activity close to downtown Dallas.
Sam looked up from his book as well and closed it too. “Yes, me too. I’m gonna go grab some dinner. Guys? Burgers or pizza?”
“Oh, I’m sorry...I didn’t mean to upset you - wait, does that mean God isn’t there?” Cas nodded, as he ran a hand through his hair.
”Too big a risk. And it probably won't work because I doubt that he will make the same mistake twice. Although, there is always the chance that if someone went in alone, then the others bursting in or something,” Dean suggested but one look at Cas told him that this was also a very stupid idea.
“Hey Cas, you okay?” Dean asked. Cas looked at him, annoyance in his eyes.
Dean thought about that for a moment before standing up and walking towards the door.
.” Dean snapped.
“Shhh...I know but it will be better once it’s done,” Dean soothed, as he slowly started the restitching. Cas bit his lip in order to stay quiet as Dean finished and put a bandage around the injury.
Sam sighed before explaining. “Trying to kill Alastair but he isn’t here.”
“What?!”
“Yeah...they aren’t pretty. They’re destroyed and messed up...and I’m sorry I lied to you...it’s just I was a bit...afraid? I mean you
Balthazar was looking between them with a small grin. Dean’s mind started to work again and decided to ignore them, making his way over to where Sam was laying on the ground. Sam came first. Sam always did.
“Hello?”
“Hey, look if you can find anything about bursts of power in the last few hours or if someone has checked into a motel, near that barn. He didn’t seem very strong back then. Maybe he just zapped somewhere without thinking about it.” Dean said as he sat down opposite to Sam and started reading in their usual books about sigils if there was another way to trace angels. Huh, angels didn’t even think those things existed until today.
"Calm down. If we pull this off, you guys will have
Jack nodded. "Yes, Auntie Amara."
There were two fingers tapping at Dean's forehead. Castiel's deep voice rumbled against Dean's face on his chest as he stated grimly. "Dean. Wake up."
There was a lemon cake, two mixed berry pies, and a day old batch of chocolate chip cookies sitting on the counter as Jack scrubbed the dishes.
"No offense, but even if my brother fell into your lap and begged for you, I don't think you'd see it
"There's a room in here warded against angels. Something is wrong."
"We weren't kissing in here." Castiel lied obviously as he backed out of the room.
Castiel hummed with understanding, "Death does enjoy unhealthy foods."
"I was one once." Cas tapped Dean's knee.
Sam answered, "Whatever just happened to you. Nothing but a bop on the head."
Castiel placed his hand on Dean's knee, "It will be. Someday. I promise. We just have to get through this together. No one left behind. No one shut out."
Castiel smiled fondly as he human enjoyed another sip, "Sam and I found a cabinet."
Castiel found a remote on the bed, pressing buttons curiously as he answered Dean. "That's nice, Dean. I'm glad you're enjoying the... accommodations."
The boy yawned as he pushed his feet into a pair of plain black slippers, "I'm going to the bathroom."
Jack sunk his hands into the pile of feathers behind them, picking up a handful of white golden fluff to show his father, "I need my parents. All of them."
"Oh! Did I strike a nerve?" Amara smiled pleasantly.
Sam leaned over the open trunk with a wide little brother smile on his face, "Hm. Interesting."
He took her father. He ruined her life. All this happiness he's feeling exists because he stole from an innocent girl. Castiel closed his eyes, taking that emotion and self-loathing and holding on to it just as tightly as he held onto Dean Winchester's vulnerable sleeping body. He needs to remember Claire's pain. She didn't deserve to hurt or grieve or cry. But Castiel did. Every night. Because of what he did to her.
"Yes."
Billie smiled. "So, this is the type of goddess you will be? A righter of wrongs?"
"Yeah, I know, Cas. But you don't know what he's comfortable with unless you talk it out with the guy. He likes you, he'll listen. Things have changed, maybe his opinions on your relationship have changed too." Sam patted Cas's shoulder with a wet hand. "But I can tell you right now that scones is not romantic enough, man. Dean might not love that."
"Not mine."
The angel took Dean's hand, leading him to the big bed in the center of the room. Black silk sheets, thick comforters, puffy pillows looked safe and warm. The angel sat him down on the edge of the bed. Instead of sitting beside him, Castiel knelt at Dean's feet. A knee hit the floor before Dean and he gazed up at the hunter, keeping his hand held. "I have to tell you something."
"I'm three, and you saw them at breakfast." Jack replied, "So, I want the Spiderman game, Apex, Red Dead 2, Assassin's Creed--"
Dean said sternly. "Baby, you're not thinking straight."
Dean glared at the kid through the mirror, "What are you so excited about, squirt?"
Four hours down the road and they hit Utah.
Dean growled, hand on his chest to clutch his pearls. "Yeah! Mission accomplished, you little jerk. Gave me a damn heart attack."
"You and Jack won't be here, so I'll be holding him a lot during the baking process. That's plenty romantic."
"They were like 'tell your girlfriend to calm down'!" Dean cackled. "It wasn't that good, but what can I say. Sam's a fan."
Sam was six feet four inches tall. He could see absolutely everything from the back seat. They'd been holding hands for twenty minutes. Sam glanced over at Jack, sleeping soundly on his shoulder. Whenever Dean and Castiel decide to have The Talk with them, Sam's gonna have to take Jack on a trip to the GameStop in Kansas City. Dammit, PlayStations are expensive.
"Thank you again."
"Not really but it's okay." Dean said quickly, diving into his arms. He pushed his head onto Castiel's chest. The angel wrapped him up close and got his fingers in his hair again. Mmm, that was nice. So relaxing. Castiel said gently into Dean's ear, "I'll protect you."
"That's not what I asked."
The boy continued gleefully, pushing his father's shoulder, "You should have seen your face when you told me he needed you! Dad! You like him!"
"No, Dean, you're not. I'm not judging you. You know that you're beautiful to me. You know, I'm open to trying anything."
Breakfast this morning told Jack what that had happened while he was detached from them. Dean and Cas were closer now, stealing their time alone just as they did when Jack was an infant. Sam was supportive and loving as always, a strong man who guides his family with compassion and a little magic. Things were healing.
They stepped away from the rainy window. Jack raced over to the stairs as Dean waved his brother and his angel along. They followed the boy up the strong dark steps, winding up into the second floor in the ceiling. Their boots tapped against the metal as they ascended one after the other.
Jack was speechless. He looked at his dads waving his hands around at the everything. The bed, the telescope, the toys, the books. After failing at making words come out, Jack walked over to the Transformers bed and fell down face first on it. "It's perfect."
,” Cas breathes. “I’m here. It’s okay. I’m right here.” Cas hugs him tighter, leaving no spaces between their bodies. His voice breaks a little when he says, “I missed you, too.”
They stand like that for a moment. The forest buzzes around them, twiddling with birds and squirrels and insects. Dean breathes Cas in, feels him warm and safe and real in his arms. It’s a small piece of Earth here in Heaven. Unlike any other time before, Dean lets himself lean into it, touch Cas without Death looming over their shoulders. It feels good.
It’s not a long drive. He pulls into the lot and they exit the car, Cas getting out the normal human way because he knows flying in and out has Dean grumbly, that extra little reminder that Cas is something
Dean takes a step forward, slowly, imploring. “What don’t you know?”
“Angels and stars?” he asks, imploring.
,” Cas says.
has been
“They would have loved you, too,” Dean says. “The philosophers, I mean. They probably would have studied you.”
Cas has been home to Dean’s heart since he gave it to him on the side of the road. If he could, he would build a house between his ribs and give shelter to Cas’ heart as well, carve a space where the two of them could live. Dean thinks maybe he’s been building a home for Cas within himself for years.
Cas is leaving him.
It is then that he understands the meaning of the word “magic”, understands why humans found themselves relying on the invisible force when they had nothing else. Dean’s mouth is hot and eager, and Castiel does not know what all of these urges mean but does know that he wants Dean to show him.
Cas is deeper and closer than he’s ever gotten. It’s petrifying, being so soft for someone when he’s only ever lived a life that’s asked him to be the opposite.
Unshed tears shimmer in Cas’ eyes and he can’t cry, damnit, because he’s an angel, because angels aren’t supposed to cry, because if Cas cries then Dean’s a fucking goner.
That’s the memory that hurts the most. Because it makes Dean
to cure me of it, Dean. They thought they had.
it can get in the south. Different from anywhere north of the Mason-Dixon, humidity can have sweat beading on his brow in minutes from doing nothing but standing.
. Dean’s stomach drops even as Cas reaches over and touches his jaw with the very tips of his fingers. The feeling of it has Dean’s heart pounding.
. He thinks maybe he should be ashamed to have defiled an angel so thoroughly, but he can’t find it in himself. There is nothing about this that is not pure, not holy.
“What do you mean?” he tries to keep his voice from trembling, from giving away the alarming rate of his heart.
“I love you,” Cas breathes between kisses, cradling Dean’s face. He says it as if it’s a revelation, and Dean feels the declaration run through him, wash him like a blessing. “I love you.” Kiss. “I love you.” Kiss. “I love you. I love you.”
Cas rolls them over once more so he’s suspended over Dean and they slide against each other. Dean moans brokenly at the heat between them, pleasure spreading through his veins. He clutches at Cas harder. Cas kisses his chest and shivers.
Stars are smattered across Dean’s skin; on his shoulders, the bridge of his noes and his cheekbones. The freckles form constellations and Castiel traces them over and over again in his mind.
He looks into Cas’ eyes and doesn’t look away. Cas does the same.
“Of course.”
Dean opens his eyes. He smiles. “Hi,” he says.
Sam arches an eyebrow but otherwise doesn’t comment on his brother’s apparent inability to string together words.
to like it, but he puts it back down and doesn’t touch it again. Dean laughs, feeling warm and full from the look on Cas’ face.
“Oh, they did,” Cas says.
He smiles and feels it with his whole body, lit up like a firework.
Dean chokes, nearly sobbing.
“What am I to you?” Dean asks, a hint of desperation in his voice. Cas takes a second to digest the question, and then just shakes his head, eyes wide. He almost looks scared.
"Dean Winchester," he undertones. "There are three things that you must understand."
Dean pauses, thinks. The answer to
“How could I ever--” Cas starts, fumbles. It’s unlike him, the back of Dean’s mind notes. There’s a certain passion in his tone that’s
Yes, stars are everywhere. It’s the angels he’s starting to see less and less of.
It’s all very fitting.
He hasn’t quite internalized all the things Cas said to him, but he can see Cas was telling the truth about one thing—he is clearly so happy to be standing at the edge of this pond with Dean. Nothing in his gaze is asking for something more.
(But there is that small part of him that’s just--what if? What if he asked Cas to stay? What if he told him not to go yet? What if he reached out and put his palm to Cas’ jaw, traced fingertips along his cheekbones, felt the seam of his lips with the pad of his thumb?
This is a dangerous game his mind is playing, he thinks.)
In fact, it may be the most important thing in the universe.
“Nothin’,” he says. “Just happy, s’all.”
The first thing that Dean thinks when he opens his mouth to Castiel’s is
Sam looks up, tearing his eyes from his laptop. His eyebrows are raised in surprise. “Greek mythology?”
Dean breaks it. “Listen, I get it,” he starts, because there’s no use beating around the bush here. “And I’m glad for you. I mean, gotta feel good, right? Going back home?”
The silence on the ride home is comfortable. Dean has the radio turned down low so that it’s more background noise than anything, the only other sound being the mumble of the Impala’s engine and the breathing of her passengers. It’s dark out, past midnight, and it must have rained while they were in the bar because the pavement is wet, the moonlight and street lamps illuminating puddles with their mirror image.
The tips of Dean’s ears turn scarlet and he averts his eyes. It’s Sam who turns from where he sits at the motel’s small table with his laptop and looks upon him with an all-knowing expression on his face.
Dean pushed Cas's shoulder, "Cas. That's not always practical. Come on. Human lesson #500: life hits ladies ten times harder than it hits dudes, so if you can help em with something, you should."
Dean grunted, "Yeah, don't pull a fuckin muscle. Get in the car."
Sometimes Dean tests Cas. He fishes for something and then he snatches his pole out of the water just when Cas is ready to bite. It's diabolical. It's awful. It's downright evil. Why is he in such a mood?
Sam threatened the god, approaching him with a pile of rope. "Shut up, Chuck."
Sam set it on the kitchen table, patting the lead lid, "It's been so long. Haven't opened this since before Jack was born."
"What? We're adults. Did you?" Sam chuckled.
Chuck waved a hand, forcing them apart. Castiel's vessel flew into the wall beside the bed as Dean flew into the wall opposite him. The hunter groaned as his back his the wall, several cracking sounds coming from his ribs. Castiel cried out, "Dean!"
"Mmm. That feels good." Dean smiled to himself as Cas ran his fingers through his hair, "Just a few more minutes."
"I thought we were finally done with that damn Hobbit." Dean glanced over to Cas, seeing his distress as he hissed at Death on his angel's behalf.
These girls are pretty, successful, human, from Dean's world. They bonded with him in an instant. Sure, they were just strangers in an elevator. Sure, their interaction with his human lover was small and meaningless, but Castiel still wanted to push himself between Dean and the girls. He wanted to yell and posture and peacock and do whatever he could to make sure they knew Dean was his.
"It can." Billie glared quietly, pushing the glass further away from her. Her pretty almond eyes narrowed with distrust. When the glass was sufficiently far enough away, Billie sat up, curls pinned in place behind her cloak. She lifted her chin and huffed. "Thanks, but no thanks. I have a daily calorie minimum." Billie snapped her fingers and a large cookie dough milkshake appeared before her. She smiled. "This is more like it."
, Jack!"
"Come on, Cas, were you paying any attention to anything I said? Just bring me as many as you can!" Dean hissed.
Castiel asked, "There's a difference?"
"Yes, Dean."
Cas replied, "So, do I, but we need to keep our priorities straight."
"Dean, respectfully, your father's not here. Anymore." Castiel said softly, keeping his words steady and honest but coated with love, "You're your own man. You have a son, now. It's up to you how you want to proceed with him. John isn't lording over your shoulder, criticising you, doubting you, telling you who to be. This is your family. That bunker is our home because you made it so. You're the head of that household. Me, Sam, Jack... at the end of the day, all of us look to you. You know we do. We trust you, because you've earned it from all of us. Now, you have to trust yourself, Righteous Man. You choose your actions. You decide your worth. This is still your life, Dean. I know the kind of father you can be. I know you love your child. I know you don't want to use your words with him, but if you want to be a family again, Jack needs to hear that before he believes you. Are you going to tell him?"
Dean nodded. He leaned closer on the bed, shuffling up a bit as he acknowledged the angel. "How about we try out the summer? We can put the blades down and drive to the coast. Create those memories. Sam can pick up a little side gig for fun. Then the three of us can keep an eye on the kid while he gets some sand and sun. It's a win-win."
Jack nodded firmly, "You told me to trust myself. So, I did."
The freckled hunter glanced up as he ate breakfast, eyes wandering over to the angel as per usual.
"I understand you're being cute, but if you wake me up again, I swear to God--" Dean grumbled.
"Please be careful." Sam pleaded. "There are a bunch of dead scorpions and charred metacarpal bones in there and I need it for a spell later."
Castiel gave Dean a pleading look, "Are you sure?"
Castiel remarked haughtily, lifting his chin, "I was under a lot of pressure at the time. As I recall, there was quite a bit of backseat driving."
Castiel blinked. "Of course. But, why do you have to take Jack out of the hotel for that to happen? Dean and I have plenty of space. We find time to spend with one another quite well, and I assure you, we don't need anything special."
"Well... nothing much. He's been very kind to me in his prayers since we came back from Purgatory. I think he understands how personal it is -- that no one can hear him but me. He feels safer to express his true thoughts and feelings again. Moments ago, he told me he missed my eyes and my voice. He wishes to see me." Castiel lowered his head in reverence and turned to Jack, smoothing his hair, "But, I'm with you. He can wait."
"Uh... hi." Meta tried to wiggle a few couch cushions away unsuccessfully. "...antichrist, what's up?"
Dean's going to cook for his family. They're going to visit the bars downstairs, get a massage at the spa, stay sharp at the gym, and enjoy all the Crawford has to offer. Strange gifts aside. Why not? It's not like they can go anywhere else. They'll contact Billie in the morning and tell her they'd gotten the location and added Amara to their team. So far, things were looking up.
Castiel glanced at Dean with a smile on his face as they walked down the hallway, "Dean. That moment back there was... thrilling."
Castiel teased, "You sound very sure."
Sam sighed dramatically, "I'm trying to give you and Dean space, you know? Alone time in the hotel. Without the kid."
Amara and Billie walked together, past the Winchesters and Rowena. They headed for the main road.
"And, you know, if you ever want to take my mattress for a spin, I'll leave the door open."
Castiel moaned deeply, feeling that heat flare up inside of him as he imagined what that might be like. A red faced, bashful, begging, well-spanked Dean trusting Cas enough to restrain him is absolutely mouth watering. Cas nodded at Dean's words. His hand kept going in his sweatpants as he panted out, "Mmm. Tell me everything about that."
"No."
Jack wept into Castiel's coat, "He still loves me, Cas. I don't deserve it. But he really... he wants to be my dad still. Even though I... I didn't mean to hurt them and Mary. I love them. They took me in."
"Now, breathe out, nephil."
Jack ran to Castiel. He checked on him, grabbing his shoulder. "Yeah, Dad. I'm fine. Chuck's gone. For now."
"It's too heavy for most humans to use in active combat. Are you sure you can handle it?"
"Next time... try to kill me."
Sam's jaw dropped, "Seriously? He said it? Said the words?"
Dean stopped. He gave Castiel a long, searching look. Their breathing slowed and they just stared for a moment. The moment hummed between the two of them as a quiet frequency. Cas wishes he caught himself. Those two words he allowed himself to speak felt like way too much. Dean understood him. Dean heard him. And whatever Dean was thinking was right.
"Two."
This is it: Dean's life post-kiss. Ten minutes in and Sam already knows too much. Dean's uncomfortable. Overwhelmed. He doesn't want to talk about it. Dean always dreamt he'd have time to sort everything out in his head between Frenching Castiel and... having an open conversation with his brother
He turned in his receipts to the manager, and signed off on it. Then, he had a few prep stations to set up. Dean worked on completing his prep stations, glancing around at the sweet side of the store for a peek at that cute, cute Counter Guy.
Dean steered down the interstate with the windows down a bit. One hand was on the wheel, the other spread out on the seat of the bench beside him just in case an angel wanted to grab it. Castiel's eyes closed as he appreciated Plant's riffs, nodding gently beside his hunter. Dean looked back to the road contently. They had eight hours of driving left. He watched the lines go past, tapping his finger against the seat to the drums and breathing in the beat.
From the doorway, his angel returned. His trenchcoat shuffled in as he closed the door behind him. Castiel said, "Jack is alright. He and Sam are asleep. The wards are fine."
Dean's head fell back against the pillow, pumping a fist in the air, "Yes!"
"Cas, I'm glad you told me." Dean gripped his shoulder, looking into his eyes, "Because this isn't a death sentence."
Dean had his hand pressed to his mouth, eyes welling up with tears. He stared at the picture unblinkingly as Jack continued to describe the picture and point out little details. Dean watched the drawing silently. A tear fell. That set the floodgates loose. Shit. He cleared his throat, feeling a bit choked up.
Meta chewed on their plate of eggs, raising a fork. "Great. I'll text you her schedule!"
sorry. And..." Dean leaned over to Castiel's lips, kissing them softly. "You. God, you, Cas... what I want... how I feel... it's strong and scary and intense and erotic and it's not going anywhere. I can't drink it away. I can't scream, or screw, or kill it away. And I don't want it to anymore. I haven't in years. You make everything worth it even when there's nothing left. You're worth it. You're worth all of it.
Cas reached out a hand to stop them from hitting the wall. He ended up on top of Dean, the Leviathan blossom lay squished between them as he kissed him back. There was this overwhelming feeling of
Castiel glared at Metatron with utter disdain. He folded his arms over his concierge jacket, standing firmly beside Dean in Amara's oversized hotel room in Reno.
Castiel muttered. "I wasn't going to act on it."
He tapped the kid, noticing he had set his screen name to JackAttack3. Dope. Dean noted, "Whoa. Looks like fun, squirt. What level you on?"
"I'm taking a shower." Dean grabbed all of his stuff from the bed and ran back into the bathroom.
"Was it the girls?"
Castiel and Dean shouted, begging Chuck not to go when suddenly their bedroom door burst open. Sam walked in with an angel blade. Behind him, stood Jack, ready for war in his SpongeBob pajama pants.
The counter guy nodded sympathetically. "Me too."
Sam cleared his throat with a loud clap, looking away from his brother and his boyfriend. Gesturing toward the doors, Sam changed the subject swiftly. "So! Is everything ready now?"
Jack jogged into the kitchen, giving Cas a hug. "We played bowling and Sam taught me how to make a strike!"
Chuck raised his hand and Jack grinned, eyes flashing bright, casting a strong ray of light out of his hands. The nephil yelled, fingers outstretched as Chuck fell back in slow motion. He was suspended in the air, falling for a long moment as he succumbed to Jack's power.
He happy for them. Truly and completely.
Dean snuggled into the pillow, "Thank you, Cas."
"I'll bet."
Sam pitched in and the brothers sang out, as Dean reached into the backseat and pumped his fist in the air to the beat. "
Dean smiled, "Wanna explore the place with me and Sam and Cas?"
Sam wrinkled his nose as he unzipped a duffle bag on top of the bar. He pulled out a small pot and a spell book, shaking his head. Dean, on the other hand glanced over at Castiel and adjusted himself in his jeans. The angel quickly busied himself with a bag full of lamb's blood and brushes, blushing hard and refusing to give Sam eye contact.
Sam had patted Jack's shoulder with a large hand and said, "They refuse to talk about it. But basically. They'd been through Hell together and while they were in war, they really saw each other. Things got emotional between them. They got close. Fast. Cas sacrificed himself big to protect Dean and me. Then, he lost his wings and his home. He cut himself off from his family just to be with Dean -- to follow him and fight with him. But things just kept breaking down around us and all we could do was keep saving the world over and over. I don't know. They decided they were going to stay friends and keep their hearts out of it to keep focus. When? Why? I couldn't tell ya. After that their feelings didn't really go anywhere they just... got bigger and quieter. It's just... it's messy now."
Dean's voice suddenly echoed through his head. He's praying. Now. It's 3:11am.
They looked at each other for another long moment, easy smiles floating along their lips as their eyes danced with surprise at what they'd done. Dean took Cas by the back of the head, lacing his fingers into his dark hair, "Cas, when I said I had something to say back there--"
Castiel dropped a gasket. It slipped right from his pocket.
Cas watched over him until the sun came up. Dean felt so safe. He remembers when he used to fight that feeling. But, nowadays, he welcomed it. This stability and safety is a gift. Castiel gives this as an act of devotion to his humans when they're at their most vulnerable. Dean loved him for that. Not that he would ever admit it out loud or anything.
"Something's wrong. Something's wrong."
Jack asked, "Why does Dean want to see you?"
Jack was on dish duty after breakfast. It was his favorite chore. Mainly because he is left in the kitchen alone with all of the delicious things Dean makes. Dean does something Sam calls "stress baking" so at any given time, there was a sweet sugar filled confection within reach.
"I love you too, baby." Dean patted his back, kissing the top of his head softly. He rubbed calming motions while Cas finished on top of him. His fingers soothed and pushed and massaged Cas's back. Rocking out the last few shocks, with his angel Dean started felt himself getting close. He could feel the warm mess in Cas's sweatpants. Dean whispered, "Almost there."
The counter guy nodded gently, "You smiled at me. Brightened my day. Most people don't take the time to be kind. That's worth it."
Dean pushed his shoulder against Cas's flirtatiously. "They make out."
Castiel answered, "Percisely. I am older than dirt itself. It used to be my job to watch the Earth grow and move. Record it's time passing."
"Adios." Dean yawned as he reached the door and walked into the open room.
A maid pushed into the room with a cart full of sheets and cleaning products. Her white apron was pristine and she was humming. Castiel pulled Dean up from the floor as she hit the light.
From his knees down, he was an ashen pile of what used to be, and gaining fast.
"Right? It's been a while. But if I had to choose someone, he'd be six feet of angel muscle with no refractory period and the inability to sleep. Because, wow. Last night was awesome."
"Barf."
"Oh, I bet it was." Amara pushed her long brown hair behind her ear flirtatiously before strolling back across the room in her dramatic pink outfit, silk gown playing around her ankles.
Sam shook the glass a bit, surprised that the juice didn't move, "Can I have a spoon at least?"
Foreigner played through the speakers of the Impala. Dean was singing along loudly. Sam sang too. They were incredibly off key. Castiel sat in the backseat with Jack, watching the boy as he read through a spell book Rowena gave him last year.
"Alright. I will. Stay in bed." Castiel rose, patting Dean's hair. "I'll be back. Practice your breathing."
"I'll clean it up." Castiel promised simply as he scooped out a full heaping cup of flour and quickly dumped it into the bowl.
Castiel steadied a bucket of lamb's blood, sealing it shut as he and Dean painted sigils on the walls with brushes. Rowena devised a spell to warp the magic in Chuck's room with Sam and Amara. They all huddled behind the bar and worked, turning Chuck's long lost haven into a super max prison.
"You were fine. Relax. That was the goal. Sure, you had to get your hands a little messy, but it gave you a lazer focus on Heaven. Exactly what I needed." Chuck waved his hands around, "The final piece was Gadreel. I placed him in the Bunker. Right inside your best friend Sammy. Then, to keep you on the street and out of Dean Winchester's bed, I made Gadreel
Sam sighed heavily, rolling his eyes before leaning over and whispering to the angel, "Look, I know. About you guys' relationship. And it's cool. I just want you two to be happy. It looks like you are. So, if you wanted to spend time in Dean's room tonight, I'll keep the kid out of your hair for a couple hours. You two can relax and snuggle up or do whatever it is you two want to do without any distractions or judgement. Sound good?"
"Oh, everything's... perfect. You just remind me of an old friend." She smiled, pink lips stretching over her flawless sharp teeth. The woman gestured to the hallway. "Down the hall. To the left."
. Mere weeks after pulling Dean from Hell, Cas watched her kiss Dean right in front of his face. He hadn't known what was happening to him at the time -- why his palms heated up with the sudden urge to smite. Now he understands.
Castiel pushed his hands into his pockets. He said simply, "I'm not avoiding him."
Jack pounced off the couch and pointed at his plastic earpiece, running over to Sam to show him. "Cas and I are playing Undercover. I'm a secret agent. It's like the FBI but better."
The heat of it all over took him. Castiel grabbed at Dean's ass, pulling him up and slapping him on the ass like the Pizza Man did to the Babysitter.
Raising a child together in an underground bunker with a demon dungeon and enough floor space to create stable portals to Hell really brightened that decade-long torch Dean carried for Castiel. Unfortunately, Cas isn't as indirect as he is. If Cas wanted him, he would have said something by now. He wouldn't stand guard outside his bedroom door every night like a dutiful golden retriever, he would open the door and run inside. But he never did. That told Dean all he needed to know.
He tossed the bag back down on the floor and hissed. Dean promised himself years ago, he'd never tell a soul about his partiality to tiny flirty panties. Victoria's got her Secrets and Dean has his, but at the end of the day Cas is too honest. He can't know about this.
He kissed Cas like he's always wanted to kiss Cas.
Castiel's eyes wandered over to his friend's. "Yes, Dean?"
Sam called, "The ball isn't the magic part!"
Castiel replied, "Oh, I'll go. I will. But, just so you know, Metatron--"
"Well, Jack, a lot is going on right now."
I will. That angel's gonna look like a damn Jackson Pullock painting the second he climbs on top of me."
Dean took a bite of his hash browns, "Jesus, we're gonna have another Spears and Aguilera moment. I can feel it."
Cas urged his human lover quickly. "Dean. Behave. They're coming back."
Dean sat up straighter in surprise. Whoa. Did he really just call Cas "baby" out loud? Must have slipped out. Dean sighed heavily, annoyed at himself
Billie shifted under her cloak's hood and waved her scythe around. "I don't have a cell phone. Just open a window and shout it into the ether."
be together. It ruins everything!" Then, he turned back to Cas. "You don't need him. You, alone, dug yourself out of poverty. You started fighting for yourself -- for Heaven. You defeated Metatron. Your place in The Host was finally restored because you did the work to earn it. Hannah was ready to lead, she was ready to love you. That was the almighty plan. But, then, Dean got killed. And, the Mark took him over. And, he
"Yes, you do."
Castiel sighed deeply, "It's complicated."
"Try to add candles at least." Sam said. Gesturing above them, "There's aged whisky in the bar cabinet. Johnnie Walker Blue. It has a special place in his heart. Pour him some of that."
Castiel gasped. The kid remembered that?
"And I like that about you because I have no idea--" Castiel was interrupted by another kiss, "--what I'm doing."
Sam replied. "If that's what you want to do..."
Dean leaned back to the car to wave his hand around back there, "You were so annoying that you scared him off!"
Rowena tapped Dean's shoulder, two big spell books in hand as she gestured toward the front doors. "It's about to get radioactive. We should probably make our way to the exit. What do ya say, darlin?" Dean patted Cas's chest and Cas waved to Sam. The four grabbed their duffle bags and watched as Amara reached over Chuck to hold Jack's hand. The black smoke and golden sparks swirled together around the booth. Their power fused together. Light, dark, Jack. Amara was on one side, Jack on the other. Chuck was stuck in the middle and struggling through the iron ropes.
Castiel said over his coffee cup, "Did you seal the instructions?"
And with that, he was gone. Castiel looked around the room at all of the scattered feathers, dipping to his knees to pick them up by the handful after his son practically slammed the door behind him. One, two, seven, fifteen, twenty two, thirty six, thirty seven, thirty eight, thirty nine feathers. Castiel pulled open an unused drawer in Jack's dresser and dumped the feathers in. They'll deal with that later. Best keep those in the house. Any number of witches, demons, and beasties out there would kill for an archangelic nephilim feather. He shudders to think what spells they'd cast with it.
"Jeez, it's funny when you cuss."
"Then why do you keep doing it?"
"Yeah, I get that." Dean took a sip of hot coffee and licked his upper lip, pink and sore with stubble burn. His heart thudded in his chest as he remembered how he got it and he stomped it down with a cough and a cleared throat. He just has to get through this conversation. Soon he'll have what he really wants: a chance to hold Castiel's hand as they drove down the road and watched the sun rise over the mountains. Preferably while Zeppelin rocks through the stereo. "But, that's the way it's gotta be. Backseat. At least 'till Reno."
Dean blushed, busying himself at the refrigerator with omelette ingredients.
The Winchesters circled around the box. Jack floated over, standing at Castiel's shoulder as they stared down at it. It was the size of a shoebox. And it might just save the entire world. Dean looked up at Sam, "You sure?"
"You're far from home. I don't meet people from Kansas often."
Castiel's boots tapped on the marble as he approached him, "Any luck with the pool? Spa?"
Castiel brushed their noses lightly as he finished his statement, "Yes. You, Dean. You're attentive. You're kind. You're open minded and knowledgeable. And I know that you really, truly understand what sex is supposed to be. We love each other. We trust each other. We can tell each other anything. Our chemistry is so vibrant. I just feel like it would... go very well and we would enjoy ourselves."
Cas let out a weary sigh. "It's a bit more complicated than that for Meta."
And, here they are. Dean and Castiel. Drinking alone in his bedroom, and he's too much of a coward to grab that nerdy little angel by the classy tan lapels and tell him what's real. But, this is absolutely not the time. Actually, its the worst timing on this literally godforsaken planet. Their kid is dead. They're in mourning. And, the world. Fuck. The world. Ah, fuck the world.
There was a long silence in the room. She surveyed the bounty of breakfast foods they had just began to enjoy. Her face was stony and still, an unreadable expression upon it. Billie pointed at the center of the table toward a heaping stack balancing on a plate.
“Are you flying, Icarus?” he says, pressing his nose into the juncture where Cas’ neck meets his shoulders, closing his eyes and basking in this newfound permission to do so.
“What do you know about Greek mythology?”
Cas kisses with his entire body, tugging at Dean like he wants to feel every inch of him against every inch of himself. Like he hates every gap that has ever existed between their bodies.
, he thinks to himself. He said he wasn’t gonna do this, and he’s not. He can pray to Cas and be around Cas without wanting more. He can keep control of his emotions so that his chest doesn’t hurt every time he looks at Cas. But it’s hard to keep control of your emotions when it feels like they’re the building blocks of your very atoms.
There’s a street lamp that’s backlit him in a way that forms a sort of halo around the crown of his head, and Dean notices this just enough to think to himself
He’s staring at the ceiling tonight, sleep lost somewhere in the dark. His heart in his chest beats slow and hard, yearning for what he doesn’t have. It’s a lonely, quiet stretch of time. Dean doesn’t know too much about it, but he feels like it shouldn’t have to hurt like this.
“You’re
, but Dean has absolutely no idea how to respond to that so he pretends he doesn’t see it.
That memory comes when Cas is away, or when Dean can’t sleep at night. He’ll toss and turn under the covers and watch the alarm clock on the nightstand blink the passing of hours.
Cas came with news, though. There’s something in his face that almost looks excited, and maybe Sam doesn’t catch it but Dean knows that there’s something that he’s been itching to say all evening. Dean turns the tv off once
“Okay,” says Dean. He believes Cas will try. Whether he’ll succeed is another question. Dean suddenly feels very tired.
The night is quiet and presses into them, but does so in no way that is suffocating. The metal of the Impala is cool under their hands where they sit on the flat hood, both looking toward the sky. Castiel directs his gaze to Dean.
He’d almost forgotten the reason they’re like this, that there’s an endgame to their ministrations. He works his way up back up, presses an open-mouthed kiss to Cas’ jaw, his cheek, his temple, then his lips, sweet and slow. He reaches between them and lightly puts his palm to the bulge at the front of Cas’ slacks. Cas moans quietly, eyelids fluttering. Dean thinks it again, that he’s never seen anything so gorgeous in his life. He feels his own dick pulse at the sight of him.
They order pizza from some joint that takes over half an hour to actually make it to the motel, and it turns out that there’s actually nothing at all on tv. Eventually they land on
He leans forward and kisses him.
The evening starts out good enough, but like more good things in Dean’s life, it doesn’t last.
"I know that other angels don’t give a rat’s ass what happens to me or how I’m doing. But then there’s you, who listens to me rant about insignificant things that don’t even matter because we’re all gonna die anyway. That’s just the thing, Cas. You and the stars are both here to shine light into dark places. And we all know it doesn’t get much darker than whatever twisted life I’m pretending to live.
Dean nodded.
Cas is inexperienced but Dean is too overwhelmed to use any of his usual tricks--his kiss isn’t meant to seduce or arouse, it’s meant to pour all of the longing he’s had for Cas into him, make him feel it. A groan comes from Cas, starting somewhere deep in his chest, and the sound of it makes Dean whimper.
“When I was a kid, before my mom died…” Dean confesses in a quiet murmur. “There were two things I was drawn to in particular. One of them was angels. The other was stars.”
Cas smiles back.
He can feel Cas staring at him. He’s probably doing it in that way he always does, too—where he focuses on Dean with overwhelming intensity, as if he’s the only thing worth looking at.
He pulls back, embarrassed with the spectacle he’s created of himself. He wipes his tears and inhales deeply. But Cas has seen Dean at his absolute lowest, and there’s no judgement in his eyes.
And that itself is an uprising of mentality, Dean knows. He makes a small noise of worry and Cas rubs his back.
“Sam?” says Cas.
As a creature of God it is a ridiculous notion to believe that the entire universe would dare slow down and revolve around the places where Castiel and Dean are connected, but Castiel cannot help himself. He kisses Dean and everything is amplified to an extreme. He can feel stars dying and hear his brothers and sisters sing songs of an angel who fell in love with a human.
He blinks. Breathes. Tries to remind himself how to function properly. Because it’s so easy to do this--to let emotions overcome him, to lose his senses to feeling. To turn himself so inward that the world outside his mind is hardly even there. It’s happened before, and it never ends well. So he forces himself to slow down.
viii.
That memory catches him every time Cas does something soft around the edges with humanity. When his eyes light up with delight upon biting into a good burger, when he stops to pet a dog that had come wagging over to sniff his at shoes, when he wrinkles his nose slightly at the smell of sulfur. When he holds up Dean’s toothbrush and asks him why brushing twice a day is necessary, when his eyes dart to Dean the second he walks into a room, when he leans into Dean’s personal space because that’s apparently where he finds himself most comfortable.
And then Dean is laughing and laughing and bent over double with it because this whole thing is so fucking absurd and he’s so happy to be standing here next to Cas, weird and awkward Cas who pulled him out of Hell and told Dean he was in love with him just months ago. Cas who he thought he had lost forever. Dean laughs so hard he cries and then he—he cries, and cries, and he’s not laughing anymore. It happens fast and hard. Cas finally turns to him, eyes wide and hands suspended in front of him like he’s not sure if he’s allowed to touch. Dean’s sniveling and holding his jacket sleeve under his nose so his face doesn’t get all snotty but he probably looks fucking gross anyway, the way the tears won’t stop coming. Cas says, “Dean?” all worried and concerned. Dean practically falls forward into him, wraps his arms around Cas’ waist to clutch at the back of his coat and shakes when Cas immediately holds him in return.
“Yeah,” he says, weaker this time. “Why?”
He’ll tell Cas, one day. Sit him down and hash it out. And then if Cas decides to leave--he’ll, well, he’ll just have to deal with it. And if Cas
Suddenly, stars are everywhere.
He deserves this, he realizes. For clipping Cas’ wings, for putting him on a leash when all he ever wanted was to be free. He went from following God to following Dean and didn’t even bat an eye. And now he’s figured out that the only reason he sticks around on Earth is because Dean put a tether on him there and begged him with every way except for words to stay--said it with his eyes, with his hands, a silent
There’s a small pause. “I don’t know,” Cas says truthfully after some deliberation. “But I’m not sure I care very much. Whatever comes… we can figure it out.”
Mary hugs Dean against her and releases him. He crawls under the covers and sits up enough to kiss his mom on the cheek. “Goodnight, Mommy,” he says. He then leans down and kisses her belly. “Goodnight, Sammy.”
“I have wanted this,” Cas breathes into the skin by Dean’s jugular, “for so long.”
But he won’t, and he can feel that in the curve of his spine, because Dean Winchester is a coward. Just like how he could never ask Cas to stay, like he never offered Cas the other side of the bed, like every touch he never let come to pass, every hand left suspended in the air only to be returned awkwardly to his side. Every one of his actions regarding Cas have almost always screamed how weak his is, without the strength to force the moment to its crisis. That’s how he’ll exit Cas’ life, too; weak, wanting, silent.
He’s getting frustrated, is upset that after thinking so long and hard about this moment for so many years he somehow still doesn’t know how to explain to Cas how much he means to him, how much he wants him, how hard it is to beat down his self-hatred and accept that he might just deserve Cas, too. But Christ, he wants to try.
When Sam emerges from the bathroom it’s while he’s running a towel over his shaggy hair, fully clothed. He brightens when he sees Cas, happy at the unexpected surprise. When he veers his eyes from where Dean is sitting and where Cas is standing, his smile grows even wider.
“You know what I mean,” he says. “I can’t even be in the same room as you two anymore. If you both would just get your heads out of your asses then maybe-“
Cas smiles, just a little. He feels it more than he sees it. “Icarus,” Cas says again. “Who you’re thinking of is Icarus.”
“Dean?” Cas says. Dean can see in his expression the flowering bud of hope. He is so beautiful.
Sam shuts the laptop.
Dean flips them over so that he can properly give Cas’ body the attention it deserves, kissing a hot path down his chest and stomach. Cas grabs hold of Dean’s hair when he runs his tongue over a nipple, panting. Dean loves the flatness of his chest--he’s been with a few guys, but not as many as he’d like, and not since Sam left for Stanford. The only real experiences he really has are a few blowjobs in bathrooms and back alleys, some handys in the backseat of his car. He’d always cleaned himself up, zipped up his pants, and pretended it never happened. He’s never had it like this before.
Cas’ smile ventures out of him slowly but completely, turning up the corners of his lips but really softening his eyes.
“Mm. I did.”
Nothing Dean has ever done has ever felt so intimate as the handful of seconds in which they breathe each other’s air. There are absolutely no walls here. The bareness of it shakes him.
“What, did you think we’d never talk about it?”
, almost, and Dean is suddenly afraid at whatever it could be that makes someone like Cas nervous. The bad feeling settles on his shoulders and creeps down his back.
Dean will hold his breath in those moments and that’s when he’ll remember. It’s like his brain is trying to tell him
Cas looks at him with something akin to disbelief, but he’s breathing deeply and seems to be calming down. “Because…” he frowns, becoming increasingly frustrated. “Because…”
he’s never felt this good in his life.
, away from whatever this is, away from his own body and his own mind.
“No, really,” Dean says, feeling his heart bleed with the words, “I get it. And, uh… I mean, you know. We’ve had some good times. And,” he fumbles, voice wavering, longing so deeply to be closer to Cas that it shreds him inside, “some bad times. A lot of bad times.”
Cas seems to agree when he reaches down and undoes Dean’s zipper, slowly, like he’s savoring it. A part of Dean just wants to get this show on the road but he thinks that maybe he needs this, needs it slowly and carefully, needs to make it last. Cas has never done this with anyone and Dean has never done this with someone he’s felt so much for. Slow might be what they both need right now.
He clambers out of his seat and toward his human, and because he appears unable to use words at this time, presses his mouth to Dean’s like he has so wanted to for so long.
He shuts himself up and goes back to pretending to read the list of channels, praying Sam doesn’t notice the way he can feel his blush spreading to his ears.
“Yeah,” says Dean, and he looks away.
She shuts the door quietly behind her as she leaves. Dean is left in the darkness, quickly being lulled into sleep.
He lingers and hesitates outside of the room, knowing that turning the doorknob will be as decisive as pulling the trigger of a gun. He paces, wonders if they can hear him, stops, makes himself breathe. It doesn’t have to hurt if he doesn’t let it. It’s like pulling off a band-aid--he can do this fast and not feel a thing. Then it will be over and done with.
Dean does calm down after a few minutes, and as much as he would love to freeze time and stay suspended in that moment, he knows he can have even more if he gives it one last push. He pulls away, Cas’ hands sliding off his coat, lingering. “Sorry,” he says, a little embarrassed despite himself.
“You still love the stars.”
There’s a pause heavy with sadness.
He freezes, closes his eyes. He doesn’t see Cas’ reaction, but he can feel it in the way the room has suddenly become icy.
(This has never been meant to be poetic.)
The squeak of a knob both signifies the end of Sam’s shower and serves to remind Dean that, yes, Sam is still part of this equation.
She laughs as he does, and it’s a beautiful sound.
He pulls Cas down and kisses the breath out of him, kisses him with everything he is, and Cas seems to understand it for what it is--a
He ends up following a sidewalk into a neighborhood of narrow, tangled backroads. The houses are slumped over and sagging like they’re fixing to fall asleep. A cat meows at him from a lawn chair that’s been damaged by rain and bleached by the sun. He passes a house with a porch swing that someone has fallen asleep in, snoring softly, and it almost makes him laugh. It might look sketchy, but this place feels safe.
Dean has always been vulnerable to Cas in a way he just can’t be to others, and this is that times a thousand. He puts a hand at the back of Cas’ neck and leads him gently into another kiss, this one slower. They figure it out together.
“What’s funny?” Cas says, voice low as ever. A small shiver climbs up Dean’s spine.
“It’s a myth. Greek, I think.” Dean isn’t sure why saying this causes heat to rise in his cheeks, but it does. “There was this man and his son, and they were trapped in some maze. So the man worked on building these huge wings made of wax so they could escape, which they did. But the son was too excited and he flew too close to the sun, so his wings melted and he fell into the ocean.”
He shouldn’t have volunteered for the solo hunt. They always fuck with his head. Everything is easier to ignore when Sam’s soft snores are drifting out of the bed next to him, but it was a lone vamp, young and abandoned, and the job was easy. And Cas had promised to tag along to help out.
“Tell me about it,” Cas says, softly. It’s not an order or a demand; it’s a question. He’s giving Dean an out, if he wants it.
Cas scoots on the bed to close the inches separating them, full of that same resolve he had before. “Do you think I know how to do this?” he asks quietly. “I’ve never even-- angels aren’t
“I’ll try to come back tomorrow,” Cas responds, the moment sobering once more.
Cas looks down. He closes his eyes and breathes deeply. The two of them are suspended for a few seconds, like a water droplet about to fall from a blade of grass. The thread that ties them tightens and pulls.
“I’ve been yours,” he chokes out. “You can have me. Please.”
He wants, and never shall he express this.
“I did too,” he says, offering his grin to Cas, who takes it and allows some of the stiffness to drain out of his shoulders.
“It’s my pleasure,” Castiel whispers back, though he knows Dean can’t hear him.
He’s not an idiot. He knows what that means. As much as he would prefer he didn’t.
"That’s still true," Dean murmurs, flush spreading across this cheeks. He averts his eyes from Castiel and it is felt as a great loss. "I never stopped loving the stars. They’re endless; the way all good things should be, I guess. I used to take Sammy out to look at ‘em before our mom died. After that I stopped believing that good things could last. But I never stopped looking for little lights in the darkness, ya know? Maybe the sun ain’t gonna come out tomorrow, but that stars sure as hell will."
Taking the handkerchief from Castiel, Dean patted under his own eyes and pulled the phone from his ear, "Such a gentleman, Cas. Thank you."
It would be so easy to open that door, wake the sleeping beauty, and do it. Kissing him would be effortless. He's seen the way Dean watches him. He's seen him lick that beautiful, pouty lower lip. Dean must be thinking about it. Sometimes he can feel him, longing and tortured and feverish. Maybe if Cas wishes enough, if he kisses him hard and holds him tight and confesses everything, Dean might not cast him out for it. But, if Dean rejects him, the shame would be enough to keep him free from the Empty until the end of time. Imagine being the angel who turned his back on his home while it crashed and burned to follow a man that doesn't even love him. There aren't even enough angels around to laugh at him. They'd all been wiped out during Raphael's war, or died in the Great Fall, or fell victim to a stabbing between the factions. Castiel flicked those dominoes and one by one they fell, leaving Heaven on the brink of disaster.  All because Castiel loved Dean Winchester enough to break it and run away with him forever.
"Of course." Castiel said warmly. "I'll always catch you."
Amara tapped her fingernail against her glass, "I may have banished him from Reno, but he's still the creator of this world. He has some influence over the environment. Desert or not, when he's pissed at me he makes it rain. Right here. For days. Probably knows we're chatting."
He’s been scared of the way Cas makes him feel virtually since it started. Scared of how vulnerable it makes him. Scared of another pressure point being used against him. Of Cas getting hurt because of him, of him dying like everyone who gets that close to him does. Of Cas finally realizing how selfish and small he is, of Cas leaving him and taking his heart with him. Dean already knows that that’s not something he recovers from.
“I know I can do it,” Dean says, both to Cas and to himself, “but I think it might be hard.”
, Cas, you have to know that. Of course I love you too.”
The fire that kills Mary Winchester occurs two months later. Dean stops believing in angels and develops an intense fear of flying. Castiel’s heart breaks.
Dean begins to notice the lack of angels, too. “It’s been awhile since you’ve been upstairs,” he remarks. “How come you don’t go there anymore?”
He doesn’t know how to put it in words.
“An astronaut!” Dean replies with the enthusiasm reserved only for four-year-old boys. His smile is wide and bright.
Dean lets out a small laugh, and it’s broken and wrecked, but it is well and truly happy.
, Dean thinks breathlessly. Has he dreamed of this, like Dean has? Has he imagined them together?
He has tunnel vision while walking toward the door, ignoring how Sam and Cas stand up and call for him. The doorknob is already cold in his hand and he turns it, walking out into the newly dark night.
And Cas, the one who always seems to know what it is Dean needs, wraps his arms around him and just holds him, lets Dean clutch him close. It’s not quite a hug, but it still feels right.
Dean doesn’t go to sleep that night. Castiel flies and tries to ignore the stars.
If this whole thing was supposed to teach him a lesson, if the the universe were trying to make him realize how much he wants Cas, then the universe got it wrong. He already knew it. He just didn’t want to admit it to himself.
He doesn’t have to walk far, either, once he’s pulled the Impala into the grass beside the road and let the metal door shut behind him with a creak. He’s in the forest after a few paces—it’s a pretty forest, all green and overgrown, the tan of Cas’ coat standing out purely for its dullness. Cas’ back is to him and he’s looking down at something, hands in his pockets, but the rigidity with which he holds himself gives away his awareness of Dean’s presence. Cas won’t turn toward him but will angle his head so Dean can see the sharp line of his cheekbone, like he’s any sort of thing that would need ears to gauge how close Dean is.
This isn’t meant to be poetic.
“The Greeks,” says Cas. “They would have loved you. You are so much like their heroes, like their tragedies. They could have learned so many things from you. They’d want to.”
They’re both starving for this. It begins gentle but sure, Dean leaning into Cas’ space and pressing their lips together. The kiss fills him, lights him from the inside, and it’s as though he has never been so aware of his own body, of Cas’. Of the shape they create together, slowly becoming more tangled.
Maybe it’s because of the way Dean says it, but suddenly Cas’ hands are bracketing his face. Dean holds his breath, shocked into stillness.
“Let’s say our prayers, okay?” Mary says. Dean stops squirming and nods, clasping his little hands together and closing his eyes. Mary bows her head.
There will be time. There really will be.
A hollow space has found a home in him. Maybe he should find a bar, afterall. Whiskey won’t fill it, but it will make it hurt less, if he’s lucky enough.
He closes his eyes when he feels tears coming on, but it doesn’t stop two from leaking through, reflecting the moonlight like dewdrops. He rubs them away hastily with the heel of his hand. Crying over an angel going back to Heaven… what would his dad say?
“I gotta get some air,” Dean chokes out. It’s not a lie; he’s suddenly feeling incredibly queasy and fresh air seems like a good idea right now.
It gets to be too much. Just too much.
(Honor. That’s the other emotion he refuses to believe he feels. Cas rebelled for him and he is so, so honored.)
Sam chuckles a little at that. “I’m down. Wanna see what Cas is doing?”
He is so
This piques Castiel’s interest. “Oh?”
, something he could never stack up against. He doesn’t like to think about it. There are a lot of things he doesn’t like to think about.
“So you’re really done with Heaven, huh?” he asks, unable to completely keep the wonderment out of his voice. Cas hums.
“Ever since I first saw your soul.” His voice is a low murmur. For Dean’s ears only. “I knew that I wanted to be near you, but I didn’t know what it meant. You made me feel like more than a soldier. More than just one of millions.” Cas inhales and exhales deeply, gathering himself. “I loved you so much. I loved you every single second. Even when you were with the Braedens, I never stopped wanting you.”
"You're Lucifer's famous nephil?" Meta stared up at Jack, "Boy, kid, you sure take after your father. Look at the wings on you... no wonder Chuck is scared."
"The Empty made it clear to me that it works with Death, not us."
to a Krispy Kreme. Does that mean...
"We need a full moon if we want accuracy." Sam sighed, he pulled his phone out, typing a bit, "And the next one is in... two days."
"Jack is fine--"
Sam puffed out his chest, "I had it under control."
Dean glared, "
From the backseat, Castiel watched as the hunter pushed himself out of the car, taking off his green jacket and shoving it in front of his pants as he walked around to the front seat. The angel leaned up to unlock the door manually and Dean slid into the front seat, jacket balled up on his lap. He peeked into the backseat, eyes shifting away with embarrassment when they locked on to Cas's kind baby blue stare. Castiel observed the strange human as he shifted uncomfortably in the front seat and adjusted his mirror. Cas asked, "Dean, are you alright? Did I say something wrong?"
Dean grinned.
Grigori hearts tasted disgusting. Especially raw. They were mushy and gross. Jack just wanted to spit them out. He
Dean walked into Castiel's space, clinking their glasses. "What? I'm a good boy. I promise."
Jack looked over at Sam, head tilted like Castiel's was earlier today. He asked. "Is the floor magic?" Jack looked down at his bowling shoes, and tapped the floor with his toes. Then he gasped. "That's how it picked up the pins. Is that why we have to wear special shoes? So the magic stays in the floor and we don't walk the magic outside?"
Dean started pouring something into the car. Gorgeous. So smart. Look at him. Wow. Wiping something from the engine. A beauty. Talking about something. Bending low. Oh. Dean reached into the car again. Gosh, he was
"But what about you being sad to survive? What's that about?"
"Other than slots and that snivelling little pain in the ass, probably not much."
Dean started to smile, "Seriously? For free?"
Jack smiled, looking over his shoulder at his father, "Hey. Cas told me he loved Dean yesterday."
Castiel turned his back on the door. Fuck. Stupid, stupid celestial.
Amara smiled, "Stop. Right after lunch. That's when I'm going to confront my brother."
Amara opened her arms to the room and welcomed the family of hunters in.
Castiel glanced behind Dean's ear, "What's that in your hand? That black thing?"
"You think?" Dean said gruffly from the corner of the room. The blast knocked Dean off of his feet. He had fallen back, tugging the angel down with him by their joined hands. Cas bumped into him when the ground moved, reaching out to catch him as they both fell and the older Winchester wound up on top of him. They lay tangled together on the floor, half leaning against the wall they'd been painting.
, Dean prayed. He noticed clean black business slacks and worn old boots with their soles placed firmly on the floor of the Impala. Angel. The locked car doors felt like home around him. Cracked windows let that cool, heady, wet morning dew smell in with the wind.
"Not too jazzed about working with Metatron again, huh?" Dean asked.
Dean woke in a cold sweat, covered in shakes. His heart was pounding quick and he didn't even remember why. Castiel was by his side. Dean hyperventilated, breathing fast and uneven, vision getting blurrier. "Something's not right. Something's not right."
"Yes." Castiel kissed him again, knowing Dean likes it rougher, he grabbed him harder. "You're in big trouble. Come here."
"You're so cute."
Sam hissed, "Dammit."
Dean. The guy who has enjoyed multiple threesomes, checked off every kinky experience in the book, and brazenly alphabetizes his pornography. Cas will be eaten alive. And Sam will have to give both of them eye contact tomorrow.
Castiel glanced back at Dean and his son yelling at a large machine together. It warmed his heart. His grace simmered under his skin like a steaming pot. Jack pushed Dean's shoulder, "You got it! You got it!"
Amara held them back for a second, taking off her sunglasses to look him in the eye. "Hey. I'm happy for you."
Dean Winchester is so pretty that Castiel could actually die.
Sam gave him a flat look. "Going once... going twice..."
"I'll heal Dean." Castiel spoke up, "Everyone pack up. We'll meet you in the car."
"Do I?" Castiel asked sharply. He noticed quickly that it was the wrong thing to say and the worst way to say it. But, he didn't know how to rope it back into his mouth.
Castiel breathed shallowly, feeling tight and braced as though he just jumped out of a building. He can feel his vessel's bones shattering on the pavement. If this is it… Cas murmured into Dean's shoulder. "I've wanted to tell you that for eleven years."
Chuck paced around the room, blue eyes shifting as he walked, studying them. His eyes landed on his sister where she sat atop the bar table, still sipping her kombucha. They looked into each other for a long moment. He could feel her voice in his head.
Dean nodded, "Accurate."
Meta narrowed their eyes for a second, considering the boy's words. "You're right. I admit, I didn't want to hear you guys."
Jack stopped, letting his PAC get eaten. "I made it to six but I got eaten so I was back at one again. I think I'm getting the hang of it."
Dean shrugged. "Whatever."
By the time Cas had returned from the tool box Dean already found that red thingy with the long black nose to help pour the coolant into the car. His biceps and hands were covered with streaks of grease. And there was one long streak on his forehead right above his brow. He must have checked the oil. He had a black stained towel in his hands. Christ, is he flexing?
Dean's fingers slipped back into Castiel's hair. He tilted his head back and breathed hard. Then he looked back up and confessed to his angel, "I like it when my partner is rougher with me. Maybe it's cuz I fight so much, I don't know. But when I'm in bed, I like a bruise or two. So, if you scratched me... or slapped me... or even if..." Dean took the hand Cas had on his ass and moved it up his chest. Castiel watched as Dean placed his palm against his human throat.
"Oh, shut up."
Billie's shoulders shook with laughter. She held up her hand, and Amara gave her a high five. Billie sighed. "You're right. You are different now. Your morality is clear. You're calculated. Wise. Powerful beyond measure. I'm glad we did that. Getting to know you was... illuminating."
FEELING IS MUTUAL.
Castiel gave Dean a strange look, "Six pack?"
Sam lowered his head in disappointment, "No more magic."
Cas smiled up at the burly hunter and patted his waist. The angel was definitely not complaining. "Hello, Dean."
Jack tossed the suitcase in Sam's lap. "Ew?!"
Castiel smiled softly. He stretched a hand out to the bedroom doors, closing them with his grace. The angel wrapped Dean Winchester in his arms, human kisses dancing on his neck. As Chuck's thunderstorm rained outside, they were safe and warm and holding each other. Castiel rubbed his thumb along Dean's stubbled chin, kissing his pretty pink lips once more. "It's almost five, baby. Do you want to start dinner?"
Dean started to laugh, grinning. "What did I do?"
Castiel gave Dean a long, worried look before leaving the room for a moment. Dean rocked in the center of the bed. Then he heaved himself out of bed. He grabbed his duffle from the floor and dug around for his gun. Dean usually keeps it under his pillow, but Cas was here to protect him. Now, he's not. Dean held the gun behind his back and sat back into bed, eyes wide and vigilant. He scanned the room for movement. Something was definitely coming. He could feel it. He didn't know how, but he could.
Cas leaned in and kissed Dean's lips once more.
The next day, Dean walked in with a smile on his face specifically for the cute counter guy. Who wasn't there. Oh. Okay. Instead there's a younger girl with dark hair and heavy eyeliner. She stared at her nails as that rush of happiness he had previously disappeared. Her name tag said "MEG". She glared at him. "What are you smiling at?"
"I know, but we're still winning. We're still ahead. He's still gonna pay." Castiel replied, kneeling down beside Dean. He touched Dean's hand. Dean laced their fingers together and Castiel healed Dean through their joined hands. The blue glow lit between their fingers, healing the pain in Dean's back and ribs. They stared into each other's eyes for a long moment as the blue light died out. Castiel asked, "Are you okay? Baby?"
Dean shrugged, "Then we'll fuckin both John Rambo the guy. First Blood part II. Problem solved."
"Hey, Cas, did you hear me--" Dean turned his head from under the hood and glared at Castiel. "Um, hello?"
"Yeah!"
Castiel laughed again.
is everything, boys. It's proof that a writer is on top of their own story. Everything lines up. What was said, cannot be taken back. What was done cannot be undone. I wrote you, Castiel. You were ballsy and rebellious and committed, always fighting always starting fires and watching your brothers burn. I admit, I admired you. You drag people in. You use em, you turn them on, you shut them away. Then eventually they die. It was classy. Rare. Spunky. Almost like a celibate James Bond. But you have this heart that's so soft, and a head that's even softer somehow. You're gullible. A bit of a himbo, if I'm being honest. No offense, you know. I don't hate that about you. It produced a lot of sweet stories, but I like you better when you're angry. You do more. I mean, you spent the last three years as a wet nurse, playing house with the Winchester boy while hopping universes.
"You don't know the half of it." Billie smirked. "But, you will soon."
Sam tugged himself up from behind the bar table, long hair in his face as he blew it out of the way with a huff. "A little warning about the kick would have been nice."
Jack raised his hand as Sam finished tying the rope around the legs of the chair, turning the ropes into iron. Sigils burned into the metal and branded it shut. They strengthened the ropes together, father and son.
Castiel kissed Dean deeply for a moment, fondness dripping from every press of their lips. He gave Dean a peck on the temple and patted his cheek, "Let's go save the world."
Castiel hissed from the floor beside the wall, "Don't you touch Sam!"
Dean hissed, "Listen, smartass. This has nothing to do with Cas, or me, or anything.
"Seriously, Cas? You're coming home?"
"Come on, Castiel! You can't lower yourself like this! He's rude, messy, lazy, ungrateful, callous, self-righteous. His best personality trait is the shape of his ass--"
Sam scrolled through the computer with a wicked smile appearing on his face, "Cool, let me find their employee training sites... download the workplace operating procedures manual... keyword: uniform. Nice. We have the pants and shoes in the trunk already. Let's get that on before we hit Reno so Jack can sail on in. Then we swap shirts and head out to the floor. Five minutes."
The diety tugged Jack over to the double doors at the front of the bar. Amara placed her hand against the wooden doors and her black smoke poured out into the wood, "Place the key into the lock, Jack. Unlock these doors. That will untether this room from the universe, making this whole place capable of interdimensional travel. Doing that means The Empty can take it in its entirety. In return, it will also unlock a space inside of you to house great power. Do you accept that responsibility?"
a pair of jeans.
"Jesus Christ, they're idiots."
Sam rushed over to stand beside Jack at the couch. Jack shifted, back straight and eyes at the ready. They weren't ready for what walked in. Amara strolled into the room with a pair of headphones on, sipping an iced coffee as she flipped through a newspaper. She was in a tennis skirt and a red Gucci sweater, cherry colored vintage shades all pointy and trendy at the bridge of her nose. "Ugh, it got cloudy out and Lenny Kravitz pushed back our doubles tennis match with the Smiths. Did you get my text, Meta? Meta?"
is here. You know the one I'm talking about."
Meanwhile, Castiel sat hunched over the kitchen table aggressively grating a large russet into oblivion and avoiding eye contact at all costs. Dean doesn't necessarily know how they got here, but he felt let down. If only Sam didn't walk in...
"What else could we have possibly been talking about...."
"What's my role in all this?"
"I'm not?"
As the boy stirred up the soap with his hands, he played in it a little.
"Ugh." Billie complained beside her. "That looks disgusting."
Castiel pointed at him, "I knew it."
"Yes." Dean said, leaning back. He watched as the angel laid down in front of his open legs. Castiel was zeroed in, focused on nothing but the expensive designer boxers on Dean's hips. The final piece of clothing. It stared at it as if it were precious, curved and pointed and tight in the center. Cas's thumbs brushed the simple waistband, feeling the difference between the soft skin of Dean's hips and the warm cloth over it. He looked up at Dean again who was in turn watching him for his next move. So, Castiel kept looking. He let go of all his deep thoughts. He knew he was safe, free from judgement. Castiel's mouth opened and he ducked his head down.
Meta put a manicured hand to their chest, blood cascading under the pink acrylic on their index finger as they swore to their queen. "Unacceptable. This world must be protected."
"Yes. He cried briefly during a difficult conversation. I assure you, he's alright. I soothed him, and we spent the rest of the evening laying together and being close."
Watching his brother cast was always strange for Dean. Sam's always had a gift for dark shit like this. It's hardly news to him that Sam and magic went together like demonic peanut butter and demonic jelly. But, wow. Seeing Sam cast a spell was like witnessing the work of a seasoned witch.
Sam winced, looking away quickly and waving his hand in front of his face. "Oh! Haha. That's... that's uh... that's cool."
Dean sliced into his sausage. "Yeah! But I used Mrs. Butterworth's and some dollar store strawberry jam instead of the real thing. You shoulda seen his face though." The hunter chuckled as he took a bite of his breakfast, "He moaned super loud! And the couple in the room next door started banging on the wall. Oh, my god it was priceless."
Dean asked, "Seriously? No strings?"
"Whichever one you give me, man." Dean said sweetly, heart beating right there on the counter. "That's my favorite."
"Quit flirting with the weirdo doughnut guy. We just got a slumber party order from a sorority house."
"Absolutely not! Coming back from the dead does not effect lifetime bans on kitchen appliances! We've had this conversation!"
Dean shifted back onto Castiel. The human was warm and soft to the angel, but he was hard in some places. He fell asleep in his jeans and felt a bit stiff. Dean shimmied a bit, complaining as he pulled them off under the covers. He tossed them onto the floor. "Hate these stupid pants." Then he laid back down. Castiel pulled him in close again, wrapping his arms around his chest. Dean smiled, "Now, I'm comfortable."
Castiel dried the plate. "He wanted to make scones to go with the ice cream in the freezer. That would be a nice date."
"Dean. Sit." Castiel commanded, pointing at the silk sheeted king size bed.
He vaguely heard his brother Sam yelling.
Dean started, "But--"
Dean let out a deep sigh, his forehead tapping the table as he fell forward.
Sam felt awkward about it. "Sure... you're welcome."
Castiel patted Sam's soapy hand. "Your assistance with my new relationship is appreciated, but I'm not planning on getting intimate with Dean tonight. We just got together early this morning. I don't think he'd be comfortable if we moved that quickly."
Still rolling across the floor like a sack of potatoes, Dean closed his eyes and felt more bliss falling down than he ever had walking. He was safe, he was home, he was kissing
A teardrop fell into his jeans, the heat and warmth hitting his leg. He blinked slowly, wetness sticking to his lashes as he said thickly, "Wait, wait. Cas. You did... you made... how... how long do you have? When... when will you..."
"Alright. I understand."
Castiel smiled warmly back at Sam, nodding, "I'll make sure he hears every word."
Castiel felt his head turn in confusion as the human finished tying his shoes. Dean grabbed his flannel and his jacket. Castiel blinked, "Dean, it's the middle of the night. Where are you going?"
"Hey." Dean said softly, "Look."
"Of course." Castiel answered calmly.
Dean said, "He told us not to come here. Probably knew he couldn't follow. Might not have wanted us running into you either."
Castiel lifted the water glass, "Thank you for tonight, Sam."
Meta pulled out their phone from their leggings pocket, wiping Dean's blood off their finger before unlocking the screen. They typed around for a minute. "It's done."
The door closed behind Sam, Meta, Jack, and Amara a moment ago. They were headed down to put a Chuck-level protection hex on the Impala before Amara's scheduled brunch with a fashion mogul. Billie on the other hand vanished as soon as they'd solidified their plan.
"For years, I was obsessed. I don't know why. I just couldn't stop myself. No book I read felt like something he'd write. No one's words were enough. No one's worlds were as beautiful." Meta laughed bitterly. "I tried to be him -- to write like him and I failed. Because I'm not a god. I'm a secretary. For some reason, when Amara rose and he feared her, he called on me despite my transgressions. He told me he needed me. Thought he meant I was someone worth living for. I gave him the best I could and then he just left again. He used me -- broke my heart. Turns out I never mattered to him.
Meta asked, "Do you and Dean have a spot?"
Sam sighed, looking up at the stairs as the nephil sped off, "Jesus."
Castiel replied, "You need me."
"Baby, our son was taken from us... and I lost my mom... it felt like everything in my path was designed to make me feel like dirt. And I  did something I'm ashamed of. I pushed you away and I didn't make a move to hold you when you told me how much pain you were in. How could you when it was pain I caused? That's not who I want to be. I wanna be better, Cas. And I will. I promise you. I will be good to you every single day of my life."
Chuck groaned, "See? That's not a leggy blonde you want to leave at home to tidy the bunker and make you dinner while you go out and chop fang. That's not a wife, that's not children of your own, and that's not a happy ending. That's misery. Sadness."
It was then that Castiel prayed for his own life.
"Okay then." Castiel answered. "What if I called you my suitor instead?"
Dean startled up, grabbing the pistol from under his pillow and aiming it. Chuck snickered softly, walking out of the shadows to the front of the bed. His arms opened wide, gesturing at the angel and human in bed together. He started to cackle. "Sure. Go ahead. Shoot. That'll go great."
Jack rested his head on Sam's shoulder. "My dads are together. I have the coolest room in the hotel. And I'm getting the Spiderman game... this is the best day ever."
"Sure--" Sam made a sudden pinched face of confusion. He seemed to notice something hidden on the floor. He walked back over to the bed and knelt down again. Right by the bedside table, he swiped something up between his thick fingertips, "Was there a bird in here?"
Amara smirked, "Nah, it's cool. We actually had fun in there. Call it a freebie."
"Then, I won't."
Castiel glared, "Metatron, who do you work for?"
"What, that they're going too fast? They've been doing this for eleven years." Jack explained, "I've never lived through eleven years, but I can grasp that its a long period of time. If they're cracking, it's understandable."
Jack nodded, "Yes, Dad."
Sam banged on the door one more time before he heard footsteps walking away. Dean looked Cas in the eyes, arms still around his neck, "Raincheck? On this?"
The human lifted his chin, looking up at his angel with wonder as he leaned back against the hood of the Impala.
Dean complained loudly, "Coolant, Cas! It got all over the engine. Listen."
They decided to stop in Wamsutter, WY.
"Just me."
"Semantics." Meta replied casually, "Look. If you damage that room in any way--"
"Pick out a ring yet, you romantic sack of shit?"
Jack added, "And I gotta clean my room. There's feathers everywhere. Maybe I can hang out with Sam after I finish that."
Dean began to pace back and forth in the bathroom, contemplating what to do next. Okay. So. Recap: Dean took his stuff and hid in the bathroom, and now he has a beautiful pair of panties to get rid of.
"So, what?"
"Perhaps Metatron found another tablet and he's using it somehow... if so, some of our weapons may not be as effective. I just don't want to keep fighting the same battle over and over."
Dean reflexively gave the angel a look down from the ground, murmuring, "Don't you worry about me coming. I'll... I'll make you..."
Castiel glared at Dean.
The rift throbbed against the wall, announcing the approach of two powerful entities.
"No. Absolutely not you." Castiel shook his head disapprovingly at Dean. "Jack, come back to Sam and I in twelve years."
Castiel watched that pretty face, his hand pushing it up so he could see more of that beauty. He rubbed his thumb across Dean's soft lips, as he lay naked under Castiel's pounding hips. Castiel started calling him a bad boy. Dean seemed to like it a lot. But he was being such a good boy for Castiel right now. The best boy. The most handsome. The strongest. The smartest. The fastest. The hardest. The sexiest. The sexiest human ever created. Castiel loved him. And he was definitely gonna cum. Right now. In a pair of borrowed sweatpants.
Dean's fingers closed around the phone, Castiel's hand under his, gripping for support. The hunter stared back into the angel. They did this for a long moment. Soaking in each other in the moonlight. Dean set the phone down and tugged Castiel in by his wrist. The angel followed.
"I said." Chuck lowered his chin for a second, wringing his hands at his sides. "Where. Are. My. Fucking. Powers."
Castiel handed Dean the coolant, "I have twelve in my pocket."
It was ugly and tangled and spiny. It curled around his stomach, put his thoughts in a blender, and made him want to lash out. Jealousy flared every time Dean was in the presence of a human woman who would have a better chance at making Dean happy then Castiel ever would. It's been that way for years. Even with last night's events of kissing and confessing, Castiel still couldn't help but feel insecure about where he stood.
Dean let out a large breath, shoulders falling as they lost tension. "That's such a relief. I could have sworn you didn't want anything to do with sex until maybe this morning. So, I'm still a little tense."
"You guys were so loud, I had to do magic! There's soundproofing in the living room now. Look at your bedroom door. It's covered in sigils. Did you even notice?" Sam said, still typing and focused on his research.
Jack noted, "That was a while ago."
Dean reached a hand back to the backseat at Cas as he drove, "
"Mmhm."
Castiel asked, "And see eye yes?"
Weaving through the computers, he picked one in the back. The furthest from the group. He pushed a USB into the drive, whispering quietly to Charlie in his ear as he sat. "I'm in."
Jack shrugged and grabbed his fork, taking another bite of his eggs. He accepted Billie's news and moved on, seemingly more concerned about finishing breakfast than he was about plotting to kill his grandfather. Life-altering news had been thrown at him on a consistent basis since birth. That has a way of rearranging one's priorities.
"Good morning, child." Amara waved at Jack, coffin shaped acrylic nails now hot pink to match her morning robe. She sat on the long leather couch, an absolute vision in her thick tulle pink robe with long, fabulous sleeves lined in matching fur. The entire bottom length of her robe was lined in bright fur as well, floating above the expensive carpet. Her spaghetti strapped black silk nightgown hung from her delicate shoulders under the robe, brown hair falling perfectly down her back as she sipped an espresso.
"Christ, no." Dean complained. "I'm Kansas Southern, not Alabama Southern."
Sam teased from the backseat, "Is he fixing up your bed so we don't get charged extra for stains?"
. I am forever in your debt."
Castiel pushed his right hand into his pocket to get rid of those gaskets. Dean walked into his space. Castiel watched as Dean approached him with a playful smile and a confident posture.
"Some people find the predictably of formulas comforting." Castiel replied, "And you called me 'baby' again. I know I shouldn't be offended by this, but why? What do you mean?"
The moment Castiel made the decision to tell Dean everything, Chuck arrived. He saw. He disapproved. He lectured. He punished. Jack defended them all. A primordial battle broke out in their motel room. It was short but effective, and he vanished.
Dean nodded with heavily lidded eyes, hips humping idly against his angel's thick thigh. "G-get rid of... yeah..."
"But, I want to keep makin' out with ya." Dean complained.
"No." Billie glanced down to the pile of nephilim feathers in the middle of the kitchen. She looked as pleased as they'd ever seen her. Her leather jacket caught the light, dark shadows playing off of it as she walked over to it in her boots, "I see you found the Occultum."
Forty seconds.
Castiel raised an eyebrow, "Pardon?"
"...it's really nice. Four and a half stars nice. It's called the
RENO, NV. 7780 ULYSSES AVENUE. ROOM 1584
He still felt naked without his signature coat. The sweater had a simple rounded collar and fit him somewhat. The clothes in this room were intended for Dean. Castiel had a bit more mass on him than he did. Don't get him wrong, Dean Winchester is stocky and large, standing over six feet tall with enormous shoulders. But Cas's chest puffs out a bit where Dean's doesn't. His arms are bulky, his waist is thick and compact, his thighs were beefy, as was his perky bum. After struggling to pull four different pairs of jeans over his legs, he gave up on denim. Castiel found a pair of comfy black jogger sweats and grey cable knit socks. Yeah. The elastic fit much better, but he wasn't used to the thick socks. Or the expensive sweater. Or sweatpants in general. He's more of a business slacks guy.
Smiling against his lips, Dean started to laugh at the feeling of his best friend grabbing his butt. "Oh?"
Cas, even though not really familiar with kisses from what Dean got, was a quick and eager learner as his hands wrapped around Dean’s shoulders. They kissed for a bit until Dean darted his tongue out and Cas placed a hand on his chest, softly pushing him away.
hunt monsters…” Dean had to admit that Cas looked kind of cute..
Castiel stopped and looked back at him. “Oh, come now, Dean. You’re not stupid; don’t act it.”
“What?” Cas asked, getting out of his trance-like state.
“What kind of things?” he asked. He knew something was fishy about this, he just couldn’t tell what it was yet.
The three boys were currently in the library, researching white-eyed demons and how to kill them. They had been doing that for hours and Dean couldn’t concentrate anymore. He knew this was important but the words in front of his eyes were blurring and he shut the book.
The man’s eyes widened as he stepped back a bit.
“I'm afraid that this time he could kill you. Yes, we do have the blades, but this doesn't mean it will stop him. What if they don't work for some reason? What then? I don't want you to get too close to him because even though I'm mostly human, I still have my wings and some grace left. I still have enough of an advantage that I could somehow fight him but you and Sam? He would kill you the moment he got a chance. I couldn't handle you not being here anymore...I...I need you, Dean.”
“Because the last time an angel died on earth, it was over seventy years ago, and the last time an angle died in battle was even more years ago,” Cas pondered. He seemed to know a lot about angels and like, way too much for an ordinary hunter. Dean wanted to say something but Sam beat him to it.
“You know what. That punk-ass pin cushion over there. He thinks he’s better than everyone,” Dean told him pacing up and down the room. Sam was about to say something when there was a knock on the door.
“Really?” Gabriel drawled. “You think that is gonna work on me?”
“Cas…” he whispered as his hand came up and rested on the angel’s neck as he drew him into a passionate kiss. They were safe. It was over. The moment was broken when someone cleared their throat and they pulled away guiltily.
“Oh yeah?”
Dean wanted to say something, do something but then Alastair pressed the blade against the feathers on his skin, and a white-blue glow escaped as he cut the skin. Cas growled in pain but tried to keep quiet.
“What happened?” Dean paced the room as he spoke.
“No, it’s not fucking okay. This library has nothing about them and they are supposed to have books about how to kill
Charlie sighed. “Yeah. Yeah it is. It was an excerpt from that book. Ooh, and
“Trust me, I wouldn’t do that. If you forgot this is my case too and I’m not stupid enough to sabotage my own success,” he grumbled before yanking his arm free and walking towards Sam, who was looking strangely at them.
“Hello,” the stranger greeted with a polite smile, his voice deep and raspy, extending his hand first to Sam and then to Dean. It was silent again until Castiel cleared his throat. “So why did you call me Bobby?”
“So Bobby, what’s up?” Sam asked, sitting down in front of Bobby’s desk in the living room.
Alastair’s head whipped around to them, Dean froze in place. He was unarmed, and the fear for his brother was present in his mind.
Dean blew out a puff of air, his cheeks expanding and deflating. “Wow, uh…I mean, that’s pretty heavy stuff, right?”
"No, let's get it all out there so we never have to talk about this again." Rowena said with large dramatic eyes, clutching her pearls as she swooned.
Castiel replied immediately, "6:42."
Dean started to grimace, growling harshly into the wheel, "I. Am. An. Incredible. Driver. I taught ALL OF YOU how to drive. I had a wheel in my hand before I knew a single solitary one of ya! Sam included! When I say, I don't want to hear any fuss about the way I handle my Baby, I mean it. So, help me I will turn this car around."
These Eyes by The Guess Who continued to jam out a pleasant 60's baseline as Cas started move his shoulder awkwardly. Dean began to chuckle again, "Slowly, slowly. To the beat. Please."
Cas settled his hands on Dean's hips again. The hunter went around his shoulders, "We move side to side, and just sway into it. The drum hits eight times, so we sway every other hit. One two three four. One two three four." They swayed. Cas followed Dean's feet, watching his every step as he peered at the human's socks. Dean slid his arm from behind Cas's neck. He ran his thumb across his chin, lifting it up until Cas's blue eyes were gazing back at his. Dean said softly, "Don't be nervous. You're doing great."
Dean poked Sam in the rib, "Mmm hmm. Sacrifice any virgins lately, Sammy?"
"You prayed for one mere moments ago."
When the building finally disappeared, Rowena whistled from the car. "Well. There goes Charles."
Jack smiled over at Sam from behind Cas's head as the angel stopped running. They walked over to the Winchester's confidently as Jack said, "I wanted to spook ya. Did it work?"
Dean nodded, blushing and turning back to the car, "You, uh... you got them gaskets?"
with his angel, but not too much. They'd slip away somewhere. Even if they just sat an old unused room in the bunker for a glass and conversation, or picked a trail to walk through at a park, or went on a drive up the road a few miles just to circle back, they've even claimed a corner of the library after midnight if Dean was too sleepy to go too far. They'd talk deeply. Their fingers would brush and their hearts would beat hard together like twin drums. Castiel would look into Dean's eyes and want to confess it all. Every now and then, Dean reads it in his stare and he leans in.
"If you'd just listen to us. Listen to why--"
At that, Sam chuckled loudly, face bright and beaming.
Jack shrugged, taking another big bite of his sandwich, "What does he want? Need help with something?"
Jack asked, "Dad, are you alright?"
"Cas--" Dean spotted a maintenance closet along the hall of rooms, taking Castiel's wrist and holding his hand. He steered them into the dark open closet.
Dean raised an eyebrow, pouring a little more whisky in his glass, "Strange noises?"
Sam thought. He answered out loud, "Wow, Jack. How did you figure it out?"
Dean blushed. "Hi, Cas... thanks for, uh... flying in with the assist."
"Cas, kiss me."
Dean could wince over the memory. Making those pancakes with Cas. How Cas started them so poorly that Dean had to rescue the batter bowl. How utterly married he felt to this angel, stirring in whatever he could to fix the butchered pancake recipe while Cas grates russets with all of the energy it took him not to start an argument over something so small. Cas had glared into the grater, arms putting on a show as he forced the large potatoes into shreds. Dean remembers not understanding why Cas was even upset. Was it because Sam walked in on them? Was it because Dean denied feeling something when they were close? Was it because they were close at all? All Dean knew was that he messed up.
“Sometimes,” Cas said once, “I feel like I’m trapped.”
“Look at me,” Cas whispers. It’s gentler than just about anything Dean has ever heard him say, like Dean is made of glass.
He gasps brokenly and he’s reaching for Cas. Curls his fists in the lapels on his trenchcoat and pulls him forward, lays his head on his shoulder while he shudders. The emotional shock of it overwhelms his system in too many directions so that he doesn’t know what he’s feeling, but relief makes him weak in the knees and something like desperation keeps him clinging to Cas.
It does matter.
This is better than any of Dean’s dreams, because it’s
“You mean...?” Cas can’t finish the question. He’s looking at Dean like a man finding faith, finding Heaven. Dean feels so overwhelmed and so happy for the two of them and surely he’s still red from crying before, but again he feels himself burning.
A pause. Cas half-grumbles, “I thought I’d have a few decades to prepare something to say.”
And Dean wants him here with every cell of his body. He remembers, then, the way that Cas had looked at him that night on the roadside, remembers how he
There’s another pause. Dean tries to imagine what Cas looks like right now--if he’s still in the motel room, if Sam is there with him, if he’s standing or sitting, what his face looks like. He closes his eyes, trying to picture it.
Dean nods and shrugs with an air of causality, though he can’t quite meet Castiel’s eye. He doesn’t elaborate.
He’ll stare at them through the window of the Impala as he drives at night, or when he awakens in the early hours of the morning and steps outside to clear his head. There is always something akin to longing written in his face.
