The water stops; the shower curtain slides on metal rings. Sherlock opens the door leading into his bedroom. A drawer opens and closes.
“This way,” the bouncer says to John and Sherlock over his shoulder, and leads them toward the back, past two pool tables, to a door marked “employees only.”
Sherlock selects a spot just above the tide line and lowers himself with ridiculous grace, seating himself tailor style on the sand. John joins him, grimacing a little as he sits, a sharp twinge reminding him of last night’s rather...
He microwaves pieces of thyroid. The smell of it permeates the flat and Mrs. Hudson comes up to yell at him.
“You can’t die,” Sherlock says, his deep voice cracking, flayed raw with the superhuman effort of holding his composure for just a few moments longer. “John.
“I’ve got you, love, it’s all right. Just breathe for a moment and relax. You’re safe with me. It’s all right.”
Slowly, haltingly Sherlock does as he is told, crawling awkwardly behind his owner, his creator, his everything in the world, face burning with shame, his hard cock and heavy balls bobbing with every shuffling movement as John leads him into their bedroom.
“I know myself, I know how I feel,” John says, snippier now, irritation edging out guilt. “Also, may I remind you I am also a trained and licensed physician.”
Sherlock’s pale eyes flick downward, briefly; one eyebrow twitches as he regards the undeniable outline of John’s sizable erection tenting the fabric of his snug dark blue pants. He swallows, reflexively, once, twice. Licks dry lips.
“No, it’s not,” Sherlock replies with an air of resignation, as he picks up the pack of cigarettes, shakes one out, lights it one-handed. “None of it is good. It’s all completely terrible, it we’re being honest. But we’re playing the hand we’re dealt. Do you want coffee?”
, I’m angry and I’m rude and I don’t even know what I’m feeling or thinking half the time, I never understand the simplest things--”
After a minute John sighs in resigned acceptance. The tight line of his shoulders loosens just a fraction. “Yeah. I get it. I do. I’m still angry with the bastard but yeah, I get it.”
Sherlock brings both mugs over to the bed, hands one to John, takes his own around to the other side of the bed, climbs in next to John without pretense or explanation.
Because both of them are fighters, and survivors who bested Moriarty in the end. They survived his machinations, and James Moriarty did not.
“Out of psychological necessity. A fiction which encourages him to accept my control over him, albeit resentfully.” Something in Holmes’ eyes shutters, goes blank and cold. “Understand, Mr Watson. Commerce is our goal here at Holmes Corporation. ‘More human than human’ is our motto. Sherlock was a necessary prototype. He’s an experiment, nothing more.”
It suddenly occurs to John, with the blinding flash of unexpected epiphany, that both of those images are caricatures of the real man underneath. The real Sherlock isn’t either one of those extremes, but exists instead somewhere in between the two. He is, in the end, a very real, very wonderful, yet very flawed actual human being, and John’s desire to deny and avoid the more difficult truths about Sherlock’s nature isn’t helping anyone right now.
“Ohhhh,” Sherlock exhales, as the incomparable pleasure winds up in him. “I’m so close, I’m gonna, I’m gonna --”
“Bad enough, considering. The bullet was a small caliber, entered at an odd angle and a relatively low velocity. Perforated  your colon -- hence the IV antibiotics -- and nicked your abdominal aorta, which would have killed you if we hadn’t had a helicopter transport. Then finally, it took a moderate bite out of your liver. Missed your hepatic vein by millimetres, which was quite a bit of of luck. All in all, it was pretty bad, but it could have been so very much worse.”
“What’s truly interesting, however, is that the entire shelf is dusty, except for…right here. This is a very interesting book. It’s a Bible, in the midst of all these legal tomes. If I may be blunt, Mister Johnson, you don’t strike me as a particularly religious man. Yet the dust pattern indicates you consult the Good Book regularly. Now why would that be?”
“I’m going to --” Sherlock begins, then pauses. “I need to stay out of sight, but I’ll maintain constant visual contact.” Sherlock presses closer to John, and in the small space between their bodies, mostly hidden from view, his strong slender fingers wrap tight around John’s wrist, shockingly strong. “I won’t let anything happen to you,” he says with sudden urgency.
Shan is humming and muttering to herself in Mandarin as she works; tending to her crop of eyeballs, she does not hear the two replicants enter her icy domain.
“Hey.” The petite woman takes a tentative step forward, picks up the dropped bag, holds is out to Seb. “You forgot your bag.”
“It’s just above freezing out,” John says by way of agreement. “We’ll wrap up, it’ll be fine. Like camping.”
“What’s happened?” Sherlock asks him. His voice is outwardly calm, but a thread of something metallic and frightened runs just under the surface.
John wakes up to Sherlock’s hand gently shaking his shoulder and the embarrassing wetness of a puddle of drool where his cheek rests against the lab table.
And besides, He wouldn't be talking to Mycroft as a medical professional. He would be talking to Mycroft as Sherlock's friend. Boyfriend, maybe even. Of a sort, he supposes, even as that budding relationship withers and dies on the vine.
“...against NHS records. Insulin prescriptions. Look at hospital admissions. Got it,” John says, but Sherlock is drifting away again, his eyes fluttering closed.
Sherlock’s head turns sharply to look at him, his shocked expression somewhat reminiscent of a prim, scandalised schoolmaster; after a moment he buries his face into his forearm, body curling reflexively forward, broad shoulders shaking.
“Get in,” John says, “Go home. I’ll come over tomorrow afternoon, and we’ll have our last second kiss.”
Once outside, Sherlock moves with controlled ferocity, elegant with focused purpose as he strides to the black car, John following in his path. Sure enough, a ponytailed man in a black jumper is sitting behind the wheel. When he sees the two of them approaching, he starts the car, but Sherlock is faster. His gun is out and pointed at the driver’s side window before the man can pull away. John peels off to take position in front of the vehicle. He draws his own gun and aims it at the man’s head, careful to keep his finger off the trigger until the situation warrants.
Occasionally, when the quiet gets to be too much, John ventures down to Mrs. Hudson’s, partakes of half an herbal soother--round cherry-flavored homemade candies, almost like wine gums but with a sharp, green, almost piney aftertaste--just as a break from the tedium of waiting for the tension to break.
The bartender deposits his drink in front of him...something green and faintly glowing. John thinks there may be something...
John just stares, poleaxed, as Sherlock steps closer, crowding into his personal space, gazing down at him with a palpable intensity. “You’ve seen a great deal of violence. So many deaths.”
Sherlock tosses the crumpled white tube onto the mattress, looking undeniably pleased with his success.
“Shh, it’s okay, shh,” John croons tenderly as he strokes the side of his face, his shoulder. “Shh. I’ve got you. You’re so good, you’re so perfect, I love you so much.”
“Oi, you filthy minging bastards,” he groans, more annoyed than truly angry, wading into the melee in the centre of the room, never even noticing the small blond man as he slips out of the room, barely making it through the closing double doors in one piece.
“They don’t match the rest of her jewelry. They’re amethyst and sterling silver. The design is from Peru,  his country of origin. Coincidence is unlikely, which indicates-- Hold on, we’ll take a look.” Sherlock picks up the remote, makes a face, and puts it back down again. “Can’t pause it. Damn.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “It might be worth pointing out that I’m not actually Sherlock, I’m your own subconscious talking to you, so in reality you’re asking yourself difficult questions.”
“Presumably he thought you could use my help.” Sherlock shrugs, just the slightest lift of one shoulder. “And generally speaking, the rules don’t much apply to Mycroft Holmes.”
“I'm yours,” John promises. “Always, always yours.” He takes his right arm out from under Sherlock’s leg so he can wrap a still-slick hand around his twitching, leaking cock, jerking him roughly in time with the snap of his hips. John can feel how close he is, the muscles of his abdomen tightly contracted, the tension of his body a quivering bowstring.
“I swear, the weirdest things get stuck in your pop culture filter,” John replies, shaking his head but smiling just a bit. He opens the freezer door, takes out two packages of vegetarian sausage and puts them in his trolley.
“You are,” John says, not quite following the train of thought but, as always, trusting Sherlock to take him wherever he will. “Amazingly, gorgeously alive.”
“I've had a lot of days I’d rather forget,” John says, quiet and serious. “The day I made the best decision of my life? That’s one I want to remember.” His fingers tuck a stray curl behind Sherlock’s ear. “I want you to know, I could never--Oh, Jesus.” He makes a face. “There’s come in your hair.”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock says again, looking down at his feet. “I just…I couldn’t put you at any more risk.”
John turns and walks into the kitchen, leaving Sherlock’s space without his usual word or two of endearment or praise. It makes a knot of anxiety flare in Sherlock’s chest, an upwelling of uncertainty that somehow fuels the arousal singing in his nerves. He is suddenly overcome by an intense desire to submit, to please, to make John happy with him again.
. If there were universes walking around everywhere I would have observed it. I am very observant, you know.” He kisses John’s chest through his tee shirt, resettles his head. “No. Only you, I think.”
“Oh for God’s sake, John,” Sherlock snaps, but it comes out softened by desire. “Just touch me already.”
“How are you feeling?” Sherlock half-mumbles, clearly trying to not look and look at John simultaneously.
A few miles down the road, the grim scenery improves considerably as they leave the city limits, heading towards Cherry Hill.
“You’re not worried?” She looks at him sharply, and John doesn’t quite know whether she’s seeking reassurance or criticizing him for seeming not to care enough. He suddenly feels slightly defensive, and the passing desire to take her in confidence evaporates as quickly as it appeared.
“Fiancé,” Sherlock says out loud. He feels the shape of the word in his mouth, the way his lower lip presses against his teeth on the initial consonant. He likes it.
The notes themselves are written in a language Sherlock has never before seen, a language that is elaborate, grammatically and syntactically consistent...and utterly invented, looping intricate quasi-pictographs that don’t correspond to the Roman alphabet,or Arabic, or Cyrillic, or Greek.
He is so beautiful, so unspeakably lovely in this moment, in his trust and vulnerability, his endless faith in John such a powerful repudiation of trauma and fear, and it makes John’s head swim and his breath hitch in his chest.
“Look at you,” John chides him. “Humping the bed like a dirty little slut.” He smacks him again, harder, on the left cheek this time. “But the way it makes your arse jiggle and shake. God.” He delivers another stinging blow. “You’re so fucking hot like this.” He grabs his arse with both hands, spreads him wide open, pushes his face in between his cheeks and licks a broad stripe from the base of his testicles to his tailbone. “So delicious,” he murmurs, his breath hot against Sherlock’s sensitive skin, then flicks his tongue directly against the tight knot of his arsehole. Sherlock gives a ragged, gasping cry of pleasure.
John turns to the bed, folds back the covers, and slides in. He looks up a Sherlock, and for an agonizing moment can see him consider fleeing, see the various muttered excuses and dismissals as they flit through his mind, can see him teetering on the edge of
“You have snowflakes in your hair,” is all he can say, and it’s not enough and it’s everything all at once.
So while a case is on, sex (and the slippery slope of physical affection) is off the table. Completely.
Warning and/or promise: Next chapter is going to kick the rating up to Explicit. If that's your sort of thing. And if it's not, I am really baffled as to how you ended up here. ;)
“There was a confrontation.” Sherlock continues. He indicates, with the toe of his shoe, the rectangular piece of grey plastic in the dead man’s hand. “Johnson pulled out his stupid little stun toy, escalating the matter. The perpetrator lost his temper and here we are.” Sherlock turns his attention back to Patricia.
Sherlock is still and quiet for a long moment, then he give a tiny nod. “Someday,” he says quietly. “But not today. All right?”
“No need, Johnson’s in court until noon and you slept better than you have in ages. I’m hoping it did you a world of good.”
Now, though? Now he follows John willingly to bed at eleven p.m, exchanges long leisurely kisses and murmured good nights as he curls his warm body around John’s and falls asleep, his breathing growing sonorous and deep.
The trip down to med-surg is quick and uneventful, Glenn and the silent technician piloting John’s bed expertly down the hallways as Sherlock follows, carrying both the garment bag and the hospital-issued plastic bag that contains the everything John had on him the night he was shot (minus two handguns and one ankle holster, John presumes), as well the few random possessions accumulated during his stay so far.
He drinks in grateful, imprecise gulps, half the water spilling over, adding to the general mess of his face. John caps the bottle and tosses it aside before swiping at Sherlock’s face with his hand, more smearing it all around than anything else. “Dirty boy, my goodness,” he murmurs as he kisses Sherlock’s temple, presses his lips into tangled curls as he arranges himself behind Sherlock’s still-shaking body, stroking his hair.
John is beyond mortified at how carried away they had gotten, and he’s not even the one in his underwear. Sherlock is sagging against him, panting; John’s trying to think of something to say to quell his burning embarrassment when the door opens again.
Sometimes John wonders if the reason Sherlock is pushing him away so completely, so deliberately, is that he is trying and make him snap, push back, start a row--something,
would be incredibly poor form, so he nods, closes his eyes and takes a deep breath, in through his nose and out through his mouth, wrestling his howling, lust-addled monkey brain into a semblance of submission.
And a quiet room and no present distractions are leaving the gateway wide open to thoughts John doesn’t particularly want to deal with, not quite yet.
The pair enter a square, rather squat two-story red brick building, the slightly worn linoleum under their feet shiny with start-of-term, just-polished smoothness. The assistant takes him to the third door on the right side of the hallway.
The DI disappears down the hallway without saying goodbye, leaving the two men to the attention of the paramedics.
Sherlock complies, and John raises his lower back off the bed. Sherlock understands immediately, shoving the pillow under the small of his back, tilting his hips upward.
“What do we do next?” John asks, irritated and anxious, sick to death of sitting around and talking, itching to fly out of the chair and tear apart the city to find Sherlock.
Sherlock pulls something out of his coat pocket, holds it out towards John. “It’s me with my brother. I remember it. We had a picnic, on a flat rock by the river. It was hot. Mycroft had a tennis ball. He threw it in the water and Redbeard chased it.” Sherlock gazes at him, his eyes beseeching, asking John for something he can’t give. “John. I
“Because of your size,” Sherlock finishes for him, and John can feel him smirking just a bit against his shoulder.
John felt terrible. He should have stepped in much, much sooner. “Oh, love,” he sighed as he blotted Sherlock’s hair with a dry towel until most of the moisture was gone. “I haven’t taken very good care of you.”
, a low black car pulls up to the kerb. Sherlock moves close to him, places a remarkably gentle hand on his elbow as he opens the door.
“I missed you too,” Sherlock admits in a warm, deep whisper, and then they’re kissing again, insatiable as teenagers, hands and mouths everywhere. Sherlock’s warm weight presses him down into the bed, his clothed pelvis rutting insistent against him, rough cotton rubbing against John’s bare erect cock. The friction feels marvelous, a hot itch of building pleasure, and John hasn’t felt this much like a nineteen year old in...well, since he
“You’re doing wonderfully,” John murmurs. “You feel so good inside,” and it’s true, he’s almost impossibly hot and tight, and the idea of that snug velvet heat wrapped around him is almost unbearably arousing, sending a pulse of heat to his already aching prick. He is absolutely willing to be patient, though, wants it to be good for Sherlock more than he wants to meet his own needs, so John coaxes his body open patiently, carefully, sliding gradually in further with each push of his finger, until he’s loosened enough that John feels he’s ready for more. He slides his finger out, releases his grip in Sherlock’s prick so he can sit back on his heels. He wraps his hands around Sherlock’s wrists, takes his hands out from under his legs so he can put his feet back down on the bed. John slides up his body, kisses his panting, swollen mouth.
He also considers another thought: as far as pretexts go, it’s a pretty good one. He pulls out his phone and messages Sherlock.
“Head up and eyes on the mirror," John says softly, the dark commanding edge still unmistakable. “If you close them we start over. Do you understand?”
And if he shaves and brushes his teeth in the staff restroom at the clinic before he leaves… well, it’s just to help him feel more awake. Refreshed. Presentable.
“The only thing I know is that Adam’s family has a vacation house in the Poconos. A big one, like six bedrooms, on a lake, but I don’t know where it is.” Patricia shakes her head. “I’m so sorry I couldn’t find out more.”
.” He’s annoyed now, but endeavouring not to show it. “Are friends so thick on the ground here you couldn’t use another?”
Sherlock blinks again, but the blankly gobsmacked expression on his face as he looks down at John changes not a bit.
Sherlock’s fingers twitch towards the center console in unconscious desire for a cigarette. He catches himself, puts both hands back on the steering wheel.
The realization of what he’s done to Sherlock--what he’s doing to Sherlock right now--hits John with the force of blow to the solar plexus. As badly as John is hurting right now, emotionally as well as physically, Sherlock is hurting too. And John is the one hurting him.
This is not the first time he has had these thoughts. Of course it’s not. He’s not an idiot. But God knows he doesn’t know what to do with the information, or if Sherlock even would welcome these kinds of feelings.
One of the paramedics looks up at him. Her eyes flick to his wedding band, her brow creasing just slightly in confusion.
“It doesn’t matter,” Sherlock, suddenly needing to let him off the hook, to close this open wound he has so carelessly opened. He lays his head back down on John’s strong chest. “I know who you are. It doesn’t matter.”
John’s eyes flutter closed as he wraps his hand around Sherlock’s length and strokes him through the fabric. “You never did play fair, you bastard,” he breathes.
He then pulls out and pages through a small ledger notebook. “Now this is getting more interesting. You do know how to diversify your income stream, I’ll give you that. Immigration fraud isn’t top dollar, but it’s a steady gig.” It joins the growing pile on the desk.
“You want it, don’t you?” John said, taking himself in hand and rubbing the wet, saliva covered shaft along Sherlock’s cheekbone.
“Fuck me harder,” Sherlock breathes in his ear. "Fuck me, fill me up, please, God, I need it--” and his soft, pleadingly obscene words tip John over the edge into an explosion of roaring silent noise, the blinding pleasure crashing through him, suspending him in a single timeless moment of ecstasy as he pours himself into Sherlock, filling his waiting, willing body with hot wetness.
He scrambles for the lamp, fumbles for the switch at the base. When the yellow light floods the room, he sees the note on the bedside table, scrawled on the back of an envelope in Sherlock’s large, messy scrawl.
“No police," Sherlock agrees. "We would risk being stuck here while the case goes through the legal system. Possibly for years. No, we need to avoid the authorities if at all possible.”
He watches Adam Kravitz turn towards his wife and smile down at the baby. He gently cups the back of her softly fuzzed little head with his hand, paternal, possessive.
Sherlock’s eyes flick over to John’s for just a moment, the corner of his mouth quirking up in acknowledgement of John stepping into his appointed role.
“I, uh, I haven’t washed since this morning,” John stumbles over the words self-consciously. “I should probably--”
“I understand,” John says, his voice softer and tinged with self-reproach. “I hope...I hope I can change your mind, I really do, but I understand.”
John gives an aggrieved sigh.“While this is absolutely delightful, I don’t think I’m really necessary at the moment, so if you’d be so kind as to point me to the loo?”
It feels so strangely intimate, even after everything they’ve been through, to stand so close to Sherlock’s body in the tiny bathroom, to feel the heat radiating off his skin as John runs fingers through the thick glossy curls he’s always secretly longed to touch.
“No!” says John, too quickly. “No. I didn’t hit the radial artery, I’m not going to bleed out. You can’t... ” He pauses, not quite able to state the situation plainly. “Sherlock,” he pleads. “You
“She was Moriarty’s number two, his top confidante, his best and most reliable assassin--in short, the girl most likely to succeed, the obvious successor to the top spot. She would have gotten it too, if not for her entanglement with you and her pregnancy. She was Moriarty’s long game, and his death left her in an untenable position. When we misled her into thinking he was alive, she recognised that she had no place in his organization, not after the myriad ways she had botched the job. She planned to offer us to him to buy her way out of the game for good. Or so she hoped.” He quirks an eyebrow. “It’s a good thing for her that he really did die. He never would have let her leave. He never would have let her live.”
He remembers the wedding, the way Sherlock threw himself into the details, the way he wanted to make sure everything was absolutely perfect. At the time he had chuckled a bit about it, marked it down to Sherlock’s tendency to get obsessive about unexpected things. It had never even occurred to him that Sherlock had sampled hors d’oeuvres and folded serviettes and agonized over seating charts for the simplest, most direct reason: he wanted John to be happy.
“I have no desire to talk to you,” he snarls. “Why on earth would I, after you went behind my fucking back, betraying me like a…” --He gestures at nothing with shaking hands, his voice loud and vicious.--“...like a god-damn
“Not at your expense,” Sherlock says mildly. “At least, not tonight.” He turns his head towards John, brushing his lips lightly over John’s hair in a not-quite kiss.
“So, I could do that. Study them. Somewhere quieter. You could write those memoirs you’ve talked about.”
” Sherlock is babbling now, incoherent with need as John carefully presses against his entrance with a pointed tongue, coaxing him open with gentle caresses as Sherlock squirms and curses and moans. He’s soaking wet with saliva now, his tightly closed hole loosened just enough that John can take his tongue away and carefully slide the tip of his right finger in, past the ring of muscle, just up to the first knuckle.
Sherlock stands rooted to the spot. He feels ill. He didn’t mean to go this far, he truly didn’t, but he won’t take it back because somehow, for once, he inadvertently stumbled on an emotional truth and he won’t take it back, he can’t and now John’s angry, he’s going to
“It looks worse than I imagined,” he says with his characteristic, not-trying-to-be-rude-but-still straightforwardness that John infinitely prefers over the fake, circumspect politeness that seems the default for just about everyone else in the world.
“I’m off to Barts,” he tells John from the doorway between the hall and the kitchen, buttoning his cuffs. “Molly’s got herself a
Sherlock takes a breath. “When we get clear of all this,” he says, eyes downcast, voice shaky. “When this is done, I hope--”
He’s contemplating his shoes and wondering if he has the strength to bend down and untie them when Sherlock reappears, coat and jacket off, glass of water in one hand and medication in another. He comes around to John’s side of the bed, setting the water and pills down on the bedside before dropping down to one knee in front of John. He carefully unties his shoes, taking them off along with his socks and sets them aside.
Sherlock fixes the man with a penetrating stare for a long moment, then turns away, paces four steps, and pauses briefly before turning to face him again.
John’s toes are growing chilly; he wiggles them deep into the damp sand. Sherlock does the same, then wraps his long arms around his bent knees and gazes silently out over the ocean.
The first room is stacked floor to ceiling with boxed medical supplies, scalpels and hemostats, bags of normal saline, and the like. He closes the door and proceeds to the next.
Sherlock gives in to the need burning him alive and moves, thrusting desperately forward against John’s fabric-covered thighs, then pushing back against the fingers fucking his arse open. The desperate filthy shame of it all is brutal, overpowering, and it takes fewer than a dozen thrusts before the molten pleasure explodes inside him and he’s coming with a pained animal moan, spilling hot wetness all over John’s lap, mindless bliss overloading every neuron. John gentles his thrusting, presses expertly against his prostate, and another wave of orgasm washes over him, the spasms of pleasure shading into pain as his body pulses again and again.
“I see you’ve been busy, then.” Sherlock gestures with his tumbler towards the sheet of torn notebook paper on John’s coffee table.
“I knew it was only a matter of time before someone came looking for her.” Louellen looks hard at John. “And here you are. I’m seldom wrong about these things, am I?”
“Ugh, shove over,” John grumbles without rancor. “Honestly, your anatomy is somehow ninety percent elbow.”
“You not belong here,” she cries, jabbing a gloved finger at the ice-glazed ceiling. “Up there! You Illegal!”
He should have worn sturdier shoes; Sherlock’s feet slip and slide a bit, as do John’s, and they hold on to each other more than is strictly necessary for balance, both of them luxuriating in having a pretense for touching each other outside of the flat.
“Quite right,” John replies, taking another swallow. This time, the fiery sting in his throat that's a bit reminiscent of a lethal chemical mishap transmutes into something more pleasurable, a soft, comforting numbness starting to creep up his spine, wrapping his nerves in a thin layer of soft cotton wool. “No, this is good, actually. Positively medicinal. Thank you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock took John’s shoulders, as if meaning to shake sense into him. “It’s not nothing!” he hissed. “If that man had killed you, if you were taken from me, John, I don’t know what--I can’t even think of--”
“I could deal with a mindless car chase or two, I suppose, if I get to spend it in your company,” he says, and he probably intends for the words to come out sarcastic but instead there’s a soft fondness there that gives John a warm, glowy feeling inside.
Sherlock doesn’t answer, but he shrugs and nods minutely. John takes the lead going down the porch steps, and Sherlock follows.
“You think this thing plays Space Invaders?” John asks, his tone deliberately lighter, trying to steer them both out of this grim little mental cul-de-sac they’ve unexpectedly gotten themselves into.
Sherlock grins, looking young, suddenly, and a bit shy; he shimmies up John’s body, nestles in close to his side, throws a slender arm across his middle, shamelessly cuddling. John wraps an arm around his narrow shoulders, presses a kiss to the top of his head.
causes Sherlock to finally rise from his coma-like repose on the couch and stalk into the bedroom, slamming the door behind himself with a great deal more force than necessary, making the landlady jump and squeak in alarm.
He closes his eyes in mortification, burning with shame at displaying himself like this, but his hunger is greater than his shame so Sherlock brings his fingers up, strokes his neck while his other warm hand rubs circles into his chest, his belly. His drags a thumb across the nub of his nipple, and the shivery sensation makes him whimper in the back of his throat. He pinches his nipples, traces the small pebbled peaks with the tips of his fingers. He slides his hands down his bony hips, slides fingers along the soft flesh of his thighs.
John circles his prostate, brushing it gently. Sherlock had forgotten how good this could feel, even when they had been rough and brutal with each other it had felt so good, but like this, with John fully devoted to giving him pleasure-- it was indescribable, shivers of hot sensation flooding his body, aching need pooling at the base of his spine.
John’s throat is tight, his chest bursting with the intensity of his adoration as he kisses Sherlock’s hair.
“But if I can’t. Be absolutely honest, with me and with yourself. Would you still stay here, with me?”
John assumes Sherlock will get dressed and leave, undoubtedly eager to catch up on everything he missed while sleeping for an unprecedented ten hours in a row. To his surprise Sherlock slips back into bed, under the rumpled sheets, looping an arm around John’s waist and snuggling close with a soft contented sound.
“That reminds me.” John opens the refrigerator, pulls out a bottle of water, hands it to Sherlock. “Work on that while I’m using the bathroom.”
“I’m his friend,” Anthea announces, her accent crisp and posh as a new hundred pound note. “Evelyn Marsh, Interim Assistant Director of Operations, Secret Intelligence Service.” She doesn’t extend her hand to the Detective. “Under whose authority are you interviewing Doctor Watson?"
Sherlock is sitting on the fire escape, knees pulled to his chest, smoking a cigarette. He’s bare to the waist, navy striped pyjama bottoms riding low on his hips. A mug of tea is next to him, likely long gone cold.
Sherlock’s eyes grow a bit fearful; the gag pushes up against his limits, makes him afraid in a way none of the other toys do. John adores it, the visceral humiliation of it, the drooling helplessness, the objectification--it touches all the dark notes in him, all the deep-rooted desires for control and domination and sexual ownership that he’s never before in his life been able to indulge like this. It’s mind-bendingly exhilarating and addictive.
“Do you feel like you still need the PCA pump?” Glenn asks as he types, eyes on the screen of his laptop.
(Lestrade is either completely oblivious or he’s trained himself to studiously ignore their various and sundry unorthodox shenanigans. John truly doesn’t know which. Probably the latter.)
“Why do you lie about your upbringing? It's what you do. You’re a compulsive liar, and extraordinarily good at it. You’ve never been caught, though you’ve come close. You’ve managed to skate away into a new town, a new life, every time, just before the noose closes around your neck.
“Lou Andrews paid the bills, didn’t he?” Sherlock continues, ignoring the guard as if he doesn’t exist. “Why did he spend all that money? Why was she so important? He’s the one I want to talk to. I just need to know where to find him.”
“Please?” Sherlock murmurs, and John hesitates for just a split second. He’s never been comfortable without at least a tee shirt on since it happened; even with Mary he’d more often than not kept his vest on or turned the lights out. He doesn’t dwell on it, not exactly, but he knows that strictly objectively speaking it’s more than a little disconcerting, and he’d just really rather--
“Don’t patronise me, John.” Sherlock takes a short, vicious drag of his cigarette and tosses it away. “I’m annoyed, yes. I’m annoyed that the obnoxious fat lazy git was foolish and shortsighted enough to get himself killed and leave me behind to pick up the pieces without needed resources. Clearly, I’m annoyed. Frustrated. Pissed off, even. But I’m not a swooning Victorian heroine, despite what you may think, and I am certainly not
“I was going to fuck you with just spit,” he tells Sherlock, his voice a ragged rasp. “But no more punishment tonight. You’re being such a good little slut for me, I’m going spoil you properly, make you feel so good, make you come so hard.” He lines himself up, pushes in with a single long, slow slide. Sherlock gives a bitten-off moan, spine arching at the familiar, singular sensation.
Sherlock’s brow furrows,  eyes narrowing in annoyance as he turns on his heel, striding down the street toward where their car is parked. John follows, trotting a bit to keep up with Sherlock’s  longer-limbed and somewhat aggressive pace.
“I want to watch you fuck me,” he says, and some corner of his mind not overwhelmed by lust is goggling at the filthiness of his words and actions, but the rest of him is miles too far gone to care. “You’re so beautiful, God, I want to watch your beautiful body while you fuck me--”
John continues to feed quarters into the machine for some indeterminate amount of time -- ten minutes possibly, or thirty, or an hour, his mind a million miles away as he tries to ease his almost unbearable anxiety by attempting to consider their situation like Sherlock, to methodically tease apart every possible scenario and analyse every possible variable, visualise every conceivable outcome. Try as he might, very few of the scenarios he can conceive end well for both of them.
Sherlock is adorably vaguely flustered, but trying to still look cool and collected. “Well. What would you call it?”
He barely registers the drive back to his flat. He’s not drunk, exactly, but not quite sober either when he limps into his building lift. The lighting is dim and flickering, in need of replacement; John can’t remember a time when they were otherwise, to be honest.
John wonders what to do about Mary’s things, her dresses and cardigans and shoes, her makeup bag, her toothbrush. All of it meaningless, he thinks, the flotsam and jetsam of a fraudulent life.
John lets go of him, kisses the crest of his pelvis. “Everything okay?” John asks gently, although it’s fairly obvious everything is not.
As always, he’s a quick learner. John lets go of Sherlock’s fist, places his hands on each side of his head, dips down to kiss him again.
Sherlock shook his head and clamped his knees closely together, though the erection between his thighs wavered not at all.
“Yo, JayJay. You got guests?” The bouncer’s inflection rises at the end, deferential and questioning.
Sherlock’s last sentence reminds him of the the vast, seemingly insurmountable difficulties the two of them still face, but the impact of his words is distant somehow, like hearing the thudding sounds of bombs detonating from a far distance. He knows the battle is real, he knows it will soon swallow them whole yet again, but right now, warm and sated and at peace, it’s hard to reconcile the harshness of that other, crueler reality with what he feels right now.
John runs warm, compared to Sherlock; his compact form radiates heat as he sleeps, and Sherlock gravitates to it like a plant seeking sunlight. Mindful of the bandage, he carefully envelops John with his long arms and legs. He places a large hand over John’s chest, feels the steady beat of the heart underneath his palm.
The walk between the dunes to the beach is longer than John anticipated, and the spring air is growing chilly as evening approaches. Soon however, he begins to hear the sound of crashing surf and smell the scent of salt water in the air, and a few moments later they emerge from between bristly, low-slung scrub pines out onto a wide white beach.
John wonders, fleetingly, and it’s his last coherent thought before the blankness rolls in to claim him once more.
Sherlock shrugs. “I was talking to the wall then. Not much of a difference in cognitive skills, it would seem.”
John is rendered literally unable to speak for a moment. Then he breathes out, swallows. "Good God, Sherlock,” John rasps, his voice ragged with desire.“That is the single hottest fucking thing I have ever heard in my life.”
“John,” Sherlock tries again. “Alcohol is lowering your emotional threshold and causing disinhibition--”
With a weary sigh, John pockets his mobile and turns on his heel towards the pub on the corner, and the promise of a much-needed drink or possibly three.
“Did you ever think we would be like this?” Sherlock asks, and that’s not quite the question in his mind, but he doesn’t know how to put it any better into words.
“Of course not,” Louellen says with more than a trace of exasperation. “Don’t be ridiculous. She’s got valuable skills. This is going to be a negotiation, and you’d better be prepared to offer them something of significant value in exchange.”
Something about unstudied gesture slices into John’s heart, bright and burning like the vicious edge of a scalpel, and he has to blink back the tears springing to his own eyes.
“God, John,” Sherlock says, his voice catching, the cool calculating tone slipping away as emotion wells up, takes over. “You don’t know how much I wish you had never found out. I didn’t know I would--I thought I could box it up, bury it all forever, at the bottom of the deepest pit, never think of it again. And I
“That’s my top theory. Of what sort, I’m not yet certain. Something highly unethical and covert, obviously, but I don’t think whoever did this to him was actually trying to kill him. Travis’s blood loss was survivable in and of itself, if not for the strenuous activity and dehydration. Which means--”
This is the fifth night they’ve done this, and the undeniable intimacy of it has not lessened one bit. The nearness of their bodies, John’s gloved fingers touching Sherlock so intimately as he tends to the injury-- the closeness of it all is overwhelming, almost terrifying, and John is nowhere near as observant as Sherlock but he still recognizes how the man’s heartbeat races under his hands.
“So we have a working theory on the how,” says John. “But we still don’t know where. Or why? Why take homeless men, imprison them, and steal their blood?”
Sherlock steadily works John open with his fingers, pushing and twisting gently, making sure to brush his prostate with every movement as John strokes himself, breathing hard into his pillow. Sherlock feels him relax, begin to push back against the thrust of his fingers.
And of course, this all exists thanks to Chalsedony (tumblr user Addictedstilltheaddict) whose prompt got this entire thing started. I hope you've been entertained by the ride, my darling!
Sherlock cocks his head, considering. His brother almost never texts unless talking is somehow uncomfortable, either physically or--
“There will always be ointment.” John says, bending to kiss his forehead, and Sherlock knows he means it joking but it comes out oddly gentle and tender, a promise of love and caretaking that makes Sherlock’s chest go tight, just for a second.
He goes home and makes tea and slices an apple. The tea he drinks, the apple slices turn brown on the plate.
Sherlock suddenly sees that maybe he hasn’t forgiven John as completely as he believed. He honestly hadn’t realized.
“Not even a little,” Sherlock says, bouncing a little on his toes. He’s happy and content, feeling comfortable in his skin, thoroughly enjoying this moment of modest triumph. “I feel…”
Sherlock has slipped into the deepest subspace now, beyond thought, beyond words; he only gives a low, desperate moan, the noise of a trapped and tormented animal, tortured not just by pain but also pleasure.
“Four years. Just like all the others. The math is simple.” Sherlock takes a breath, squares his shoulders. “I have fifteen months to live.”
Jennifer huffs in offended annoyance, but allows John’s calming presence to mollify her ire. “Yeah,” she says. “I met her in Mahan. She helped me out of a few tight spots, but I knew she wasn’t someone to trust. She’s always been the snake, right? And I should have known better, but she calls me, out of the blue, says she needs help. Eric--my husband--says don’t get involved, but our faith preaches forgiveness, so I did her a favour. It was a mistake. She’s here for two days, sleeps the entire time, then disappears in the middle of the night with a bunch of my stuff.” She shakes her head, sighs. “I should have known better than to think she’d change, right?”
There is a cardboard carton piled to overflowing with rubbish. Sherlock gestures at it with the toe of his battered trainer.
“Jesus Christ,” John sighs, shaking his head. “Are you insane? Of course I want to. I want to so much I may spontaneously combust just thinking about it.”
His fingers comb through Sherlock’s hair as John breathes steadily, evenly, in through his nose and out through his mouth, collecting his thoughts. Calming himself so he can be calm for Sherlock.
“Good to see you awake, Doctor Watson,” the nurse -- Glenn, John’s brain suddenly recalls-- chirps with bright cheeriness. “How are we feeling today?”
As John watches Sherlock work he feels a sudden, random stab of guilt that he’s unable to get up and help. He doesn’t like the way he feels, useless and helpless and burdensome, and his vague tetchiness from this afternoon curdles into pissy, pointless irritation.
Lestrade nods once, turns the doorknob and leaves the room. John exhales a breath he didn’t know he had been holding, shrugs out of his jacket, and drapes it across the table before sagging into the battered metal folding chair.
The words tumble out before John can stop them. “Of course I’m not. But consider this, Sherlock: I don’t need to ask what you’d do in a position like mine. I’ve seen it with my own two eyes.”
If Sherlock catches the moment of fairly obvious ogling, he doesn’t make mention of it. “Out and about all day,” he says. “Give me ten minutes to shower and change?”
Sherlock thinks. He could let himself be pulled under by this warm sweet tide of submission, wrap himself in John, make the two of them into an entire universe.
Sherlock unlocks the car, opens the door and gets behind the wheel without speaking to or acknowledging John in any way.
Sherlock hesitates, makes a little huffing noise as he flicks his eyes up to John’s--and John sees the uncertainty there, his fear of being ignorant, foolish, embarrassed. Exposed.
John moves methodically, wiping away the welling blood with squares of gauze as his steady hand carves lines into Sherlock’s pale flesh. Sherlock hears himself keening, crying out as he has never allowed himself to do under the hands of any captor. The pain builds and builds, burning phosphorous searing his nerves.
“There’s a little park, dunno the name, off Pinkcourt Road in Feltham, near the cemetery. Dirt road runs along one side. I was talking to an old associate, then another bloke came running over says it’s them, it’s them I didn’t realise Mr Holmes had gone with them until after the van went down the road and turned. All this to say, long story short, ‘e ditched me. Deliberate, I’ve no doubt.”
The pair fall into a companionable silence as they eat and work steadily through the stack of documents, searching for the next link in the chain, the next clue to show them the way forward. John finishes his beer, opens another as he scans the text, not really even knowing what he’s looking for.
Surveying the employees as they are herded into the lobby, Sherlock quickly identifies the head teller (the lowest level employee with access to all the cash drawers, and thus the probable target of the bank robber’s attention) and manages to subtly maneuver himself next to her as the robber momentarily looks elsewhere.
Sherlock looks at him silently for a moment, considering. He nods, then stands; John can see him straighten his spine and square his shoulders, seeming decades older in a moment, wrapping himself in that uniquely Sherlockian brand of cool self-assurance he shams when he feels particularly out of his depth but still willing to resolutely commit to the task in front of him.
“That’s not fair, Sherlock. This is one of the best trauma centers on the Eastern Seaboard, and these people are trying their level best to help him,and you know it. How many times do you have to do this before you realise taking out frustrations on the people
“Uggggh,” John groans, his cock so hard it’s pressed up almost flush to his belly. “It’s your fault, you goddamn gorgeous tease.”
Out of the fourteen possible individuals Sherlock has identified, seven are under the age of thirty-five, three are over eighty, two left the area over a year ago. Of the two remaining individuals, one is anthropology professor at the University of Pennsylvania and a ranger at Nockamixon State Park north of the city.
“You’re going to chat her up. Act interested. Pull.” He puts on a broad, parodic American accent. “Get those digits.”
He quietly moves to the back of the building; the few cars in the weed-strewn car lot are bathed in the queasy yellow glare of a large sodium floodlight. No windows, but in the centre of the rear wall are two closed garage bay doors. To his right is a solid metal back door, no window, no hardware except a steel deadbolt and doorknob.
“It really does,” Sherlock says, bending down to kiss him hard, slipping his tongue boldly into his husband’s mouth. John groans a little into his mouth, his free hand slipping under the blue silk to grip his bare hip.
“I’m not here to make you join, ma’am. Not my division. Actually I’m from the, uh…” John improvises on the spot. “The Confidential Committee on Moral Abuses.”
He’s still halfheartedly contemplating the notion when the woman returns with two steaming mugs, hands one to John. John accepts the tea, looking up at her with a pointedly raised eyebrow. The brew is a pale straw color; the scent of ginger is sharp, almost piney, the aroma already soothing John’s traitorous insides.
John delivers nine more forceful blows, and by the last of them tears are running freely down Sherlock’s face unheeded as he cries and shivers uncontrollably.
“‘Ever’ is a very long time, and I think it’s far too soon to make any kind of definitive statement like that.”
“Yeah.” A ghost of a smile touches John’s lips. “As it turns out, I had a completely wrong idea in my head. I thought--” He shakes his head just a fraction--”I thought taking it slow was safer, in some way. That I could protect myself. That I could protect my heart. And yours. But it’s much too late for that, isn’t it?”
“Ladies and Gentlemen,” the unseen announcer purrs. “Taffey Lewis presents Miss Salome and the snake. Watch her take her pleasures from the snake that once corrupted mankind…”
He’s still shaking and whimpering when John withdraws his fingers. “Christ, you’re so beautiful right now,” he murmurs reverently, kissing the small of his back. “Watching you come apart like that for me, God, baby, I have to fuck you now, I can’t even--”
Without another word, John takes Sherlock by the hand and leads him across the sitting room, down the hall to the bedroom, the draught of cool air in the hallway raising gooseflesh on his bare skin with each step.
“It’s so good,” he moans as he pushes and twists his fingers inside himself, making his cock twitch and pulse dribbles of precome. “It’s so good.”
John tugs on his jeans, flops down barefooted on the bed, clicks on the telly just for something to fill up the empty space. Sherlock lights another cigarette, and something in John snaps.
“That’s not precisely what I meant,” sighs Sherlock. “It’s--when we do that, it’s simpler. I’m simpler. I feel things differently.” He cranes his head back to scowl at John. “You know this. Don’t be an idiot.”
--” John’s words devolve into a low, drawn out moan as Sherlock slides three fingers inside of him. “Oh Jesus.”
It’s turned into one of those uncommonly rare and lovely early spring days, crystalline air and blue skies, still chilly in the shadows yet warm in the sun, daffodils running cheerful yellow riot and the cherry blossoms just beginning to cautiously venture forth their pink furled buds.
“We get ourselves some coffee, cos we got we got a night of non-genius, old-fashioned detective work ahead of us.”
The bullet entered the left side of his torso at an oblique angle with a medium to low velocity; there’s a gouge, to be sure, but it terminates in a small dark hole in John’s side, from which blood is pouring freely forth, coating his skin and clothing with shiny, sticky, dark red gore.
“Shut up,” Sherlock replies indignantly. “I never needed anything else.” He pauses, then cocks his head questioningly. “What is one supposed to use?”
It’s seeming likely John does recall, however--he’s been warmly affectionate since morning, not once snapping or grousing like the grumpy old man he’s slowly but surely becoming--but it’s possible that he’s just in one of his infrequent but not rare sunny moods. An indicator, then, but not a definitive sign.
And then it passes, far too quickly, and he and Sherlock clutch at each other, chests heaving as they gasp for oxygen.
He’s pulled out of his reverie by the groaning sound of the bathtub taps, the patter of water droplets falling against the floor of the bathtub. John shakes his head and rolls his eyes at his maudlin turn of thoughts, returns his attention to matters at hand. He opens the fridge again, pulls out two more bottles of water and takes them into Sherlock’s bedroom, where he’s greeted by the unmade (and undoubtedly gamy) bed of yesterday morning. He sighs, putting the water down on the night table and setting about stripping the sheets off the mattress.
They’re barely behind the closed door as they collide against each other, mouths and tongues battling hot and frantic as their hands pull at clothing. John undoes the last button on Sherlock’s shirt and wrestles it off. He begins fumbling with Sherlock’s trousers, blindly trying to unhook the loop closure, refusing to break away from their kiss. Sherlock huffs a laugh into John’s mouth and pushes him back, places hands on his shoulders and presses him down until he’s sitting on the edge of the bed.
Sherlock studies the keypad intently. "This model of security system uses a four digit PIN. The zero is the most worn number, so it could be a birthdate. Or… “ Sherlock looks to their left, where the glass window of the door allows a square of light. "Oh, good Lord, they’re not even
Reduced to passivity by the handcuffs, Sherlock moans around John’s shaft, hollowing his cheeks and sucking harder, sliding his tongue against the vein on the underside. John is rock hard, blood hot, musky from a day of running around the city.
“Coming?” Sherlock asks, tone just a bit overly casual as he stands in the kitchen doorway, winding his scarf around the impossibly long column of his neck.
John sighs, shakes his head, and goes back into the bedroom to wash up and get dressed for the day ahead of them.
Deprived of vision, every sensation is seemingly multiplied a hundredfold, the friction against his nipple sending sparks of pleasure through his nerves. Sherlock gasps, his back arching involuntarily, as John rolls his nipple between thumb and forefinger, tugging more roughly at the nub of delicate flesh, making the sensitive nerves spark and sing with pain.
“Katie,” Adam says, voice breaking, his mood swinging, his rage dissolving into something broken and pathetic. “Katie, get out of the way. Get out of the way and let me take care of this.”
“I don’t like yoghurt,” John says aloud, causing a tall redhead in yoga pants to look askance at the middle-aged man talking to himself in the dairy aisle of Asda. He smiles in what he hopes is a non-threatening manner and retreats to the conversation taking place entirely in his own head.
A full eternity later, John breaks the kiss to press his mouth against the roughened edge of Sherlock’s jaw line, taste the long sinewy line of his neck. His hand wraps around his slender but muscular thigh and moves upwards, kneading the soft flesh of his arse in a frank, indelicate grope.
“I don’t--” And then he is crying, not the melodramatic tears of emotional release that sometimes happen when he’s subbing, but something deeper, something pried loose from the bedrock of his soul that he doesn’t even understand.
“As you wish, Doctor,” Mycroft says, his tone still chilly. He rings off without further conversation.
“Absolutely not,” he snarls in a near-hiss, volume low but tone murderous. “Detective Figueroa can, and will, wait until John wakes up. There’s no need to disturb an injured man’s sleep just to ask a few pointless questions.”
“I see that,” Sherlock says, not unkindly. He leans forward, fixing John with his piercing celadon gaze. “But tell me: How is being stubborn working out for you this time around?”
“You must stay absolutely still,” John says, the scalpel in his hand poised above Sherlock’s heart. “Make all the noise you want, pet. I want to make you scream. I want to make you cry. But you must not move a muscle.”
“The beginning of everything else,” he finally echoes, his eyes a clear aquamarine even in the low light, as his fingers come up to touch John’s face, trace the line of his jaw, tuck a strand of hair behind his ear in a gesture of pure heartbreaking tenderness. “I think...yes. I like that.”
It’s becoming clear to John that he isn’t the only one who’s not doing well being left alone with his thoughts.
Sherlock scoffs. “Honestly, John, that’s just ridiculous. Can you fetch me that Benadryl? I’m getting rather itchy.”
Sherlock is entirely correct; now that John’s paying attention he notices his throat is scratchy and his mouth is sticky and dry. He closes his eyes while he waits, gives another sigh as he luxuriates in the soft but supportive cradle of the bed.
It’s a look John has seen before. It’s the look of a man who’s not overly fussed about pulling a trigger.
“I’m going to do so many things to you,” John growls low and rough, fucking harder into Sherlock’s curled fingers as the maddening hot itch of need spreads through his body. “I’m going to show you everything and you’re going to love it.”
The two of them fall silent for a bit. John is just starting to drift off when Sherlock speaks again.
“But what about you?” he asks, with just a trace of uncertainty colouring the very edge of his playful tone.
“This gun.” John gestures with the firearm for emphasis. “Small, lightweight, easy to conceal. I really like it. I think I’d like to keep it. Sherlock, what do you think?”
The kiss is slow, almost chaste, then John’s mouth opens to him and it feels like falling. It feels like dying. John tastes of loneliness and tears and scotch, and Sherlock considers it for just the space of a heartbeat.
John hears a familiar voice and looks up; behind the bevy of agents are several uniformed police officers as well as the unmistakable silver head of DI Lestrade. His eyes widen in disbelief when he sees Mary curled on the floor, whimpering, clutching her hastily bandaged arm.
bed, the double bed he again shares, however unwillingly, with the woman he calls his wife. John sleeps with his back to her, clinging to the edge of the mattress, unwilling to touch her even in passing, even in sleep.
John Watson is his sun, his star, his gravity well, the centre of his personal universe. None of the ordinary labels suffice, not even remotely, but they will serve until he can find the absolute right word, the perfect combination of lips and tongue and air across vocal cords to convey to the world exactly what this man means to him.
“You’ve never done that before, hm?” John asks tenderly, resisting the urge to wipe at his wet face, not wanting to embarrass or upset a vulnerable Sherlock.
Sherlock watches John for what feels like hours. John feels his gaze but doesn’t look at him, eyes fixed resolutely on the ceiling.
John groans and  scrubs at his eyes, wishing that whatever is making that noise would bloody stop so he can go back to sleep.
“I’m not…” John looks down at his clothes, the same clothes he had slept in the night previous. “I really need to take a shower.”
“Tell me when you get close,” John said, “and don’t you dare come.” Sherlock nodded and John stroked him firmly, occasionally pausing to palm and massage his balls. Sherlock made broken, gasping noises as he tried to thrust into John’s fist.
Not for him. Never for men like him, for the hunters and killers who barely kept mutiny and chaos at bay. He has murder in his soul, he knows this for a fact, and no new life awaits him in the promised land of Off-World.
Sherlock nods and climbs out of bed without argument. John angles the bedside comm unit away from the open bedroom door and brings it to life. No messages. He scans through the public news feeds, as well as the encrypted police channels, cycles through a few clandestine information forums he officially knows nothing about. No where does he find a word about the escaped replicants, nothing about two violent random deaths in the First Sector.
Two: Sherlock wants something to keep John’s mind from dwelling on the events of the very recent past, and as with so many of Sherlock’s day-to-day dilemmas, he’s figuring a bit of murder might be just the ticket.
They drive back to Allentown in silence, the headlights of the SUV cutting a moving swath in the darkness.
“No, I’m fine,” John says, shaking his head and smiling. “It’s fine. It is. I’m just.” He gives a half-laugh, scrubs at his traitorous eyes.
“I love you, too,” Sherlock murmurs, but his voice is soft, a bit far away, and John can tell he’s already on the path to his mind palace, heading to that place where not even John can reach him.
(One night, a particularly peeved John cuffed him and tied him up, after, making Sherlock watch him as he got himself off just inches away, kneeling on the bed in front of Sherlock, fist pumping his own cock, telling Sherlock how good it felt, coming all over Sherlock’s face even as he wept and begged for John to touch him,
. Jesus.” John places teabags in each mug, then scratches the back of his frowsy, sleep-rumpled head. “Do we have any sugar packets left?”
Heart pounding, John takes a step towards the kitchen sink in order to peer through the wide greenhouse window, half-expecting to see the strobing lights of marked police cars despite Sherlock’s words.
He is alone, with neither Maria nor Sherlock in sight. The plain greyness and sudden echoing silence of the confined space is somehow almost deafening after the brightness and clamour of the casino floor.
Sherlock places a steadying hand on his back, just briefly, as Patricia turns and knocks on the door.
“You are mine, pet,” John says. “Mine. And I’ll always, always want you.” He tugs gently on Sherlock’s hair, turning his head so John can kiss him deeply, slow and careful but unmistakable in intent.
The back of John’s head hits the mattress, a bitten-off gasp on his lips, his hips surging upward involuntarily as Sherlock nips teasingly at the juncture of his thigh and groin. John can’t help but spread his legs wider in wordless invitation, but Sherlock very deliberately doesn’t take the hint, instead pressing kisses to the delicate flesh of his inner thigh, deliberately ignoring the very prominent jut of his aching, leaking cock.
He thinks of his own photographs, the ones he keeps neatly arranged on top of his treasured piano, the hulking antique crammed illogically into his tiny sitting room. The pictures of his parents, of Harry, of Mary. The pictures he pulls out and studies obsessively on bad nights, nights when the violence and suffering and death feel like too much to bear. Pictures of people who love him--or did, hopefully, once upon a time.
“If I were a better man,” he says quietly, “now is when I’d help you understand how unhealthy it is to completely externalize your self-worth like this.”
After damn close to a year... back to the story! Thank you so very, very much for your eternal patience and support. There's no way I would still be hacking through this jungle without you.
He manages to reach down in between their bodies and take Sherlock’s softening prick in hand, cool and slippery wet with lube, stroking him back to hardness as he pulls his head down, the backs of his thighs burning with the stretch as they kiss.
John can’t help the small warm glow of happiness that leaps in his heart, his secretly romantic and sentimental heart, at the thought of he and Sherlock having a chance at a real relationship. But at the same time, following in the wake of that happiness, he can’t help but feel a cold, grey trickle of guilt pooling deep in his belly. How dare he feel happy now, in the midst of all this fear and sorrow? How dare he feel happy, with Mycroft dead and his infant daughter’s fate unknown? Is it selfish, is it thoughtless, is it wrong?
John took a deep breath, found his proper frame of mind, and reached out to weave his fingers into the dark tangled mane of Sherlock’s hair. Then he pulled. Hard.
Sherlock is correct. After the timid girl from Dining Services has whisked away the remains of John’s depressing lunch, the unit nurse -- a woman, middle aged and plainfaced, older than Glenn and thankfully about twelve orders of magnitude less cheerful-- gives him a nice little IV push of Dilaudid, not much, just enough to take the edge off the encroaching pain.
He pulls out his phone to text Sherlock for clarification when he sees the missed call from a number he doesn’t recognize. Swallowing down a lump of reflexive anxiety--in his rather unique set of life experiences things like unknown numbers tended to be nerve-wracking at best and life-destroying at worst--he calls the number back, somewhat expecting the call to be picked up by a kidnapper demanding ransom for Sherlock or an escaped Mary threatening retribution or the unhinged rantings of zombie Jim Moriarty.
P.S. On an errand to a catering supply shop on Shaftesbury. Inexplicably, neither Tesco nor Sainsbury’s carries 4.5 inch multicolour plastic cocktail forks in the large quantities I require. --SH
John’s hands curls around Sherlock’s sharp hipbones, thumbs digging into the hollows above his pelvis, gripping him hard enough to bruise. He manhandles Sherlock’s body with breathtaking ease, practically lifting him up and pulling him down to meet each thrust as Sherlock rolls his hips and flexes his thighs.
“Thank you,” Sherlock says, and then makes a face at his own awkward and slightly foolish formality, especially after what they’d just done together.
John loves watching the manic bouncing of Sherlock’s mind slow and calm, grow peaceful and tractable as he begins the journey down into subspace. It always surprises John, a little, how easily Sherlock goes under, how easily he accepts it, seems to welcome it. He always expects more of a struggle, some token resistance, but Sherlock never does.
“We’ll take a raincheck, Greg,” John says, careful to keep his tone light, casual. “I’d like to get him home and tucked into bed. Don’t want His Nibs getting sick, do we.”
He collapses onto Sherlock with a groan, limbs shaking with the intensity of his climax, wispy aftershocks of pleasure still rippling across his nerves. The minutes unwind in silence, John panting against the damp skin of Sherlock’s chest as long fingers stroke his back gently.
John does it again, pressing his lips to Sherlock’s, but this time with just a bit more intensity, angling his mouth and parting his lips ever so slightly as his hand slides around to the back of Sherlock’s head to tangle in the curls at the nape of his neck, tugging him gently forward in encouragement. He can almost hear the gears turning as Sherlock takes in the data, processes the relevant sensory information; and then the analysis ends, the conclusion is reached, and Sherlock is suddenly kissing him back hard, hungrily, messily. He’s grabbing John’s head with his enormous hands as they kiss, his lips open and wet and working against his mouth like he’s trying to consume John, to devour him whole.
An active lingerie fetish is proving entirely unnecessary. There is no denying the fact that Sherlock is objectively, mindbendingly gorgeous in the skimpy black lace g-string; his arse is rounded and full and absolutely made to be poured into a thong, a fact John is forcibly confronted with when Sherlock turns to carefully fold his trousers and drape them over the arm of the wing chair, bending and stretching perhaps a bit more than strictly necessary to carefully smooth out every single microscopic crease in the fine wool.
“No, nothing’s wrong. I just--” Sherlock gently tugs him up with the hand in his hair, presses their foreheads together as he catches his breath, recovers his composure. “I don’t want to come like this." He bends to kiss John’s shoulder, tucks his head into the curve of John’s neck. “I want,” he murmurs against John’s collarbone. “I want to come with you inside of me. Please.”
He follows her down the hallway, out the door, to the stone walkway. Of course he knows where he’s to go, he has been here nine days and he had every building, every pavement, every inch of this small, nondescript campus memorised twelve hours after he arrived--but it’s a better move to feign ignorance, to allow the young lady to think she’s being useful, being helpful to the brilliant but slightly dotty, late-middle aged, almost elderly man.
“It is fine! Of course it is. I just…” John gathers up all his courage, plows forward with the question he knows he has to ask. “I don’t think...this isn’t about being new to all this, is it?”
No, not regret. But remorse? Oh, yes. Remorse, laced with grief, lodged deep in his heart, sharp-edged and black as obsidian.
Sherlock swallows, exhales. “It’s just…” he trails off, arm still over his eyes, the confident assertiveness of just a few minutes ago gone, and John realizes that it was largely a put-on, a show of bravado to conceal Sherlock’s self-conscious anxiety.
“Maybe I should,” Sherlock replies. He kisses John again, still careful but more thoroughly this time, tongue flickering out to meet John’s, his large hand coming up to cradle the back of John’s head, and John knows without the shadow of a doubt he would have a raging hard-on by now if he were at all capable of such a thing at the moment.
“From here, I can’t really see a damn difference.” John realises he’s close to shouting, when all Sherlock is doing is being a reasonable, concerned person for once. He takes a deep breath, modulates his tone. “Sherlock. You can’t ask me to ignore what’s in front of me, not while my daughter is out there being held and fed by people who bought and paid for her. You can’t.”
“Young man,” she snaps, “what on earth have you done? It smells like the Grim Reaper himself in here.”
“This is where you get to choose,” John says. “If you want to safeword, we can deal with all of this tomorrow in a different way and that’s absolutely okay. It’s entirely up to you. Do you understand?”
Sherlock inhales sharply then cries out, his body going rigid, his muscles of his abdomen tightening, his hips flexing upwards as he comes hard with a shuddering cry. John murmurs soft nonsense words, fucking him steadily through the crest of his climax, feeling his body tighten and pulse deliciously all around him.
It burns inside him, bright and hot, the pain clear and sharp and exhilarating as John surveys his handiwork. The kitchen is destroyed, a hurricane of ceramic and glass.
It’s intense, terrifyingly so -- yet John finds it’s not sexual, exactly. It’s something far more bone-deep and profound. It’s
“Believe or not, Doctor Watson, that’s your purview, but there’s not a single piece of evidence to the contrary. Now, if there’s nothing else, I am a very busy man.”
“This is Timothy Atherton, director of the New Horizons Center for the Homeless. I’m sorry I missed your call. Please leave a message after the tone.”
“I know.” John intends for the words to be defiant and determined, but they come out softer, almost pleading. "I know, Sherlock."
They thrust against each other for several long lovely minutes, enjoying themselves. John’s warm hands roam boldly over Sherlock’s bare body, the feel of his roughened fingertips welcome and familiar as they kiss. John breaks away, panting a little.
John gazes at the landscape slipping past without a word. He feels numb. Frozen inside. He barely even feels real.
“It was worth it, then, wasn’t it?” John said, a bit breathless but smiling. “Just to hear you say those words. It was worth it.”
Sherlock obeys, his breath coming in thick, hitching gasps. He feels the sweat cooling on his neck as he tries to breathe deeply, tries to calm himself. The shivery tightness of climax recedes and his breathing evens. He again becomes aware of his back and knees, aching from kneeling for so long.
As Sherlock gives one final, careful push, sheathing himself fully inside John’s body with a low, inelegant grunt, John feels the first flashes of a hot, bright silver pleasure deep inside his pelvis that makes his cock return to full hardness, a dribble of precome spilling out onto his lower belly.
That happens because I allow it. I will never stand in the way of your work because I love you, and I love to see you being brilliant and using your gorgeous mind to help people. It makes you who you are and I love who you are. But never forget that even while you are out there being Sherlock Fucking Holmes you are still mine, you belong to me always, and you exist out in the world because
“And I want to kiss you,” Sherlock says. “So please stop thinking so hard about it, all right? Thinking’s my area, anyway. And I think we’re doing fine.”
“I apologise, Doctor,” Sherlock finally says, clearly unwilling, stiff and formal and transparently insincere. “I am not in my best frame of mind, clearly. As you said. Stress.”
, John thinks, unable or maybe unwilling to repress the wild hot flare of tenderness under his ribs as he watches Sherlock sleep.
Desperate for the return of John’s skin against his, Sherlock’s eyes gratefully drink in every familiar dip and curve of his lover’s body, his wide shoulders, the silver crater of his scar, the slight softness cushioning his belly, his powerful thighs dusted with sparse blonde hair. Sherlock unconsciously moistens dry lips with his tongue as John eases the waistband of his navy blue y-fronts over the bulge of his erection. When John’s stiff, dusky pink cock springs free from his pants Sherlock feels a wave of fresh desire wash over him, but it’s softer now, sweeter, something gentled by love and devotion.
“So you two have had that conversation,” John chuckles in genuine amusement. Sherlock shrugs a bit and smiles. Of course they had.
John feels slightly dizzy; there’s a spike of shivery ache in his stomach that’s either anger and disgust or a dissecting aortic aneurysm. He considers making a joke of it to Sherlock, has the presence of mind to realise it’s not fucking funny at all. He wills himself to take deep, even breaths until the unpleasant feeling in his belly subsides somewhat.
The front door opens and closes. A single set of footsteps echoes on the wooden floor of the hallway and across the dining room, towards the kitchen
“I’ll get you some clothes,” John says, carefully neutral, and turns away to fetch Sherlock’s bag. He digs through the layers of clothing and toiletries, locating clean pants, toothbrush and toothpaste. He takes them into the ensuite; Sherlock is mercifully ensconced behind the shower curtain, lines of his body obscured by the ivory and beige patterned fabric.
Sherlock plucks one of John’s scrabbling hands off the sheets, places it on the back of his head in unmistakable invitation. John takes the hint and weaves his fingers through damp messy hair. He tugs, not hard but guiding, setting a pace, and Sherlock complies enthusiastically, his lips wet and messy as he sucks, his tongue swirling around the head, flicking against the slit as John arches and pants and fights the urge to just grab his head with both hands and fuck his mouth as hard as possible.
“This is a crime committed on American soil. I’m not interested in any other claim of jurisdiction. You have no right to intervene.”
“Can I put this over here?” she asks, gesturing awkwardly at the top of the built-in dresser with one of her elbows.
“Good job,” John murmurs approvingly as he brings the baby to his shoulder. ”There you go, ups a daisy.” He pats her back, gently, to settle her meal. He’s rewarded with a satisfying belch, surprisingly large for such a tiny human.
Blue Shirt nods but doesn’t put the gun away, cradling it in his lap instead. His intent gaze is fixed on Sherlock and John, not wavering for even a moment.
“I’ll see you soon, okay?” John stands on tiptoes to kiss him, just a whisper of lips against his cheek, and then he’s gone, down the steps and out the door.
“You’re getting better,” John reminds him. “Don’t worry, you’ll be out terrorizing the dirtbags of London in no time.”
John has a maelstrom of confusing and contradictory emotions and images bouncing around in his brain, but he feels overclocked, overwhelmed, doesn’t even know how to sort his thoughts into anything understandable or usable any longer.
Sherlock cuts him off. “John. We can discuss this in the car. Right now I need you to get as ready as you can in the next nine minutes. We have no time to lose.”
“You need what?” John murmurs, voice low and rough. He nips at a patch of skin, soothes the bite with a kiss. “Tell me.”
“What you should know, Mister Johnson, is that cheap three tumbler combination locks are the easiest of all to pick.” Sherlock eyeballs the tumblers again, beginning on the second. "It’s a matter of feeling for a certain level of resistance and then rolling back just the right amount.” He sets to work on the third. “All it takes is a couple of YouTube videos, just a touch of finesse and --”
This poor bastard met a terrible end, but he’s not Sherlock, thank God, thank fucking God, and John sags with profound relief, intermingled with sorrow for the man that once lived in this butchered body, and furious anger at the monster who did this to him.
But John cannot seem to follow his own advice, and he watches Sherlock, watches the rise and fall of his thin ribs. Now that the heat and passion of their initial encounter has passed, he can’t help the questions that rise unbidden to his mind, can’t but help but wonder about Sherlock’s origins, about his very nature.
“Fantastic,” John murmurs (ordinarily taciturn to the point of being near-mute, John has no choice but to privately admit he says it mainly to see Sherlock’s eyes light up momentarily with pleasure, and
“It feels like -- electricity.” It’s getting harder to form coherent sentences, but he fumbles to obey, to please John, to give him what he wants. “Sparks and shocks when you touch me. When you -- when you play with me.” Self-awareness fading in the onslaught of pleasure and desire, words are starting to tumble out now, unexamined and unbidden. “I feel hot and cold all over and -- it just feels so good, and I want it, I want, just, I want--”
Well. Semi-solid, meaning runny oatmeal and scrambled eggs. Hunger makes him indiscriminate and he inhales it all, gratefully, despite the two foods having disturbing similarities in both taste and texture.
John presses his heels into the floor and thrusts up into him, hard, and he’s coming, crying out as his sharp and lovely orgasm races up into his spine and explodes into his brain, showers of pleasure throughout his body as he spurts out hot and wet over John’s hand and across his chest and neck.
“Which is that you did exactly what you had to do to survive, and there is no shame or blame in that. None whatsoever, do you understand that?
Sherlock comes out of the ensuite and undresses quickly, folding his trousers and hanging his jacket before getting into bed.
the mother of my child. I will do whatever I have to do to get my daughter back from that woman. I promise you that.
“Wow!” She steps back, clearly impressed. Her eyes rake him up and down, and John is good enough at observing human behaviour by now that he doesn’t miss her taking in the bare fingers on his left hand.
Sherlock’s eager prick is so hard it’s nearly horizontal with his belly, rising from a charmingly, unexpectedly wild thatch of dark reddish hair. His scrotum is lightly furred as well, the thin skin stretched shiny tight over large, full, heavy testicles.
Sherlock had not come into this building under his own power, if at all, which likely means someone recognized him. Not good news-- if his cover is blown, the chances of him being used as a hostage, or hurt, or killed outright increase exponentially.
John reaches into the pocket of his trousers and pulls out the collar. The silver buckles and D-ring sparkle the in the yellow lamplight. Sherlock holds himself perfectly still as John leans forward and fastens the collar around his neck. Sherlock closes his eyes and exhales in relief.
Sherlock is hanging up his suit trousers, carefully preserving the crease. Somehow he must sense John is thinking about him, because he turns around, gives him a questioning glance.
John nods and after a moment sits down beside him. Sherlock has never been this assertive before, never really been the one pursuing, but this itch, this maddening need to put his hands all over John makes him bold.
.” His entire body goes still for just a moment, and then he’s coming hard, deep guttural cries as his body shakes, his abdominal muscles contracting, his cock pulsing three, four, five times as he spurts hot and slick over their hands, on his belly, into the tangled sheets.
Sherlock crosses the room to the rolling table next to the bed. He picks up the pen and notepad, writes a series of numbers and turns the pad outward so John can see.
“Oh,” Sherlock says, feeling a bit bashful for some reason but smiling, feeling undeniable pride in being able to give John that kind of pleasure.
“Your turn,” the bouncer says and John complies, handing over his gun and submitting to a thorough pat down. The bouncer steps back and nods.
Mrs Hudson eyes the two of them, her back straight, utterly uncowed. “Well,” she replies archly, “If you don’t want others knowing your business, maybe the next time you two are having it off in the kitchen you should try
Their eyes meet in the rippled glass of the cheap, chipped bathroom mirror. A moment passes in silence, their breathing loud in the confines of the small room. John’s hand still cradles the back of Sherlock’s skull.
of a cheap plastic lighter being flicked, and a small yellow flame appears in the dark as Sherlock lights a cigarette.
“Because you need to have...full agency, I suppose is the phrase,” John tells him. “You need to be the one to decide what you want, and when, and with whom.”
He’s gone almost completely nonverbal now, hasn’t eaten other than a slice of pizza John pushed on him earlier in the day, a few bites taken before the plate was pushed aside and forgotten. He’s only not succumbed to dehydration because John presses mugs of tea and bottled water into his hands. He takes one or two sips, ignoring the rest until it goes either cold or warm.
“Celluloid, not ivory,” Sherlock murmurs. ”The head is a poured molding but the engravings were done by hand. Late nineteenth century. A teaching model for phrenology professors. Absolutely one of a kind. Priceless to the right owner.” He looks up at John. “It’s
“Are you?” John asks, the anger buzzing in his brain threatening to gain the upper hand. “Are you really?”
The first one is locked. The second one opens, ungreased gears screeching against rusted metal, agonizingly loud. John opens it just enough to be able to slip under and leaves it open, deciding it is preferable to creating another racket.
The other two occupants of the room don't respond, eyeing each other coldly over their weapons. The moment spools out longer and longer until John tilts his head, narrows his eyes and glares hard at Sherlock. Sherlock issues a tiniest annoyed huff, but finally gives a fraction of a nod and lowers his Glock. Louellen makes a small, almost noiseless exhale and lowers her silver handgun, thumbing the safety on before slipping it back under the pink and green striped sateen chair cushion from whence it came.
Caldwell stands rooted to the spot, hand still on the car door. His gaze shifts between the three men, brows knitting together in puzzlement, clearly confused as to exactly what is happening in front of his eyes.
Sherlock’s mind is blank; he can’t remember what he’s supposed to say, and John digs his nails hard into injured flesh, making him cry out in surprise and pain.  “Answer me, pet.”
He is careful to keep to his own side of the bed, a body’s width of space always between him and Sherlock, even in sleep.
For a brief, unsettling moment John wonders if Sherlock somehow determined his masturbatory habits from several miles away, then shakes his head at the ridiculous thought. He takes a moment to slide off his bottoms, using them to wipe the mess off his belly, and tosses them over the side of the bed before picking up his phone.
Sherlock throws his head back, stiffens and gives a low strangled cry as John breaches his body for the first time.
“Something to shut that infernal mouth up,” he purrs. “If you drop that, or let go of the headboard, even once, we will start over from the beginning. Understand?”
“I think you might be, a bit,” Sherlock says mildly, lowering himself gracefully to the couch next to him, close enough that their thighs are pressed together. He picks the jar up from the table and hands it to John. “Drink.”
“Completing various neglected tasks in order to win back Mrs. Hudson’s favour,” Sherlock notes dryly. “Not subtle, but likely to be effective.”
He realises he’s been standing behind the chair where he dropped his jacket, staring stupidly at the door for several minutes. He rubs at the back of his head, blinks several times, trying to clear away the fog that’s obscuring his mental processes.
It begins as a straightforward press of his mouth against John’s, tender yet chaste, but it soon shifts, the absolute eternal chemistry between them sparking something powerful, and the kiss deepens into something far more carnal than any of the kisses they have yet shared, wet and messy with a sharp seeking edge of want, as Sherlock’s hot velvet tongue finds its way into John’s mouth, presses and strokes against his own. The feel of it sends ripples of shivery arousal down John’s spine as his cock grows hard and heavy, pushing against the slightly rough fabric of his shorts, making him give a little half-groan against Sherlock’s plush perfect mouth.
“But that’s the future,” Sherlock says. “As for our now, just... can you just let me do this, John? I’m not going to become a different person overnight, and neither are you, but let me do for you what you did for me. You took care of me, head to toe and everything in between, for fifty-eight days. So the math says… you get forty six more days of me taking care of you to the best of my ability, without complaint, and you graciously allowing it.” Sherlock looks at John and his expression is open, sincere. “Think you can manage it?”
“It was just before ten pm. I opened the back door to take the garbage out. Mister D'Annibale was with me -- you can’t take chances in this neighborhood -- and the lady came out of nowhere. She had a gun. She had us go back inside, told us exactly what she wanted. She definitely knew her prescription drugs."
“You want me to come on you,” John purrs, thrusting harder into the slick circle of Sherlock’s fist. “Say it for me again. Please, love. Say it again.”
“Please tell me there’s not a box of dead spiders in the drawer by the stove,” John says conversationally.
After Mrs Hudson chokes out her agonized last, John sags visibly, his shoulders slumping forward as he pinches the bridge of his nose. He breathes out once, twice, a harsh hitching noise, but when he sits up again his eyes are reddened but dry.
“Thought I’d be a senior citizen before you had to help me put on my underwear,” John notes wryly as he follows directions.
The flare of panic that blooms hot in John’s belly is instantaneous, reflexive, his sympathetic nervous system still off-kilter and disorganized from the traumatic events of the previous evening. Even as his gut clenches with it, he knows it is a ridiculous overreaction, with no grounding in realistic thinking.
“The unit nurse will be along in no time,” he tells them as he takes his leave. “Very best of luck, gentlemen.”
Less than a minute later they’re pulling into the short driveway in front of a neat but nondescript one-storey brick bungalow. The tiny front garden is recently mowed, boxwood hedges closely trimmed. Red geraniums spill from terra-cotta planters arranged neatly on the small front stoop.
Sherlock looks up at him, at his beautiful deep blue eyes, concerned and full of love and care. Feeling more himself now, rather like he’s returned to his own skin after an extended holiday, he cocks an eyebrow, gives John a bit of a grin.
“Told you I didn’t delete it.” Sherlock tears his gaze away from their hands and finally looks up at John’s face. His irises are pale slivers around huge pupils wide and dark in the low light.
“I want you so much,” Sherlock breathes. “I want to fuck you now. I want to be inside of you. Please, please let me fuck you.”
“No, I know,” Sherlock says, cutting him off but not unkindly. “I know you’ve forgiven me, at least as much as any one human being can forgive another, but let me finish. What I mean is, I know now that your forgiveness, as wonderful and miraculous as it is, can never undo the hurt I’ve caused you, can never change what I would give anything to go back and change.
Looking at those bloodshot blue eyes, he understands suddenly, viscerally that David was played by Mary, used and abandoned, just like he was. His anger melts away, and he raises a placating hand. “Look, mate,” he says. “I’m not interested in a fight. Not a bit. We’re on the same side here, from what I can see, and I’d like to have a civil conversation.”
Sherlock’s fingers reach up, swipe away the droplet, examine it with curiosity. He looks back at John, shakes his head minutely. “It’s nothing. Literally a scratch. All right?”
“You like that?” Sherlock asks, and his voice is genuinely curious, but John doesn’t miss the darker, predatory current underneath.
“Well,” Sherlock says, affronted. “If you’d like to have a go at making a profile yourself, feel free.”
Sherlock places a hand on his back, feeling the warmth of John’s skin through his vest and plaid shirt. It’s stifling in this close room; he vaguely remembers it’s early summer outside. The very idea of flowers and green grass and blue skies seems ludicrous, somehow.
“Turn around and face me,” John orders. Sherlock obeys, shuffling awkwardly on his knees until he is again facing John, who sits nonchalant in his chair, as relaxed as if they were watching the ten o’ clock news. He holds the leash--six feet, braided black leather-- loosely in his left hand. John’s right hand reaches out, twists into his hair and pulls, making Sherlock gasp, his eyes watering.
He gently slides his thumb out of Sherlock’s mouth with a messy wet pop, leans over to kiss his sore, swollen lips.
“It will grow back eventually,” Sherlock finally says several moments later. His voice is soft, coloured with a note of something hesitant, almost uncertain.
And he had, once. He’s examined this from every possible angle, and he knows the truth: he did love her. It was a pale shadow of what he felt for Sherlock, a mere flicker compared to the raging fire Sherlock lit in his heart; but she was there when Sherlock wasn’t, when he died, when he left John broken and alone, and he had truly loved her for it.
The two of them stay like that for a long moment, seemingly suspended in time, the air around them thick with unspoken emotion.
She has Mary’s full, round mouth, pursed in an O as she sleeps. It hurts John’s heart, a physical pain.
“Well, thank God for a florist who can’t resist being clever. Thanks to her, we have our next solid lead.” John picks up his cold cup of tea, takes a sip, makes a face, puts it down. "So what do we do now?”
There’s a familiar stubbornness edging into Sherlock’s voice, and John recognises that this is somehow important to him. He decides not to argue the point. He’s not particularly worried about defying the nurse. He’s dealt with pissed-off nurses before.
The man who enters the room is barely dressed any better than the homeless men in the common room; his jumper and jeans perhaps a shade cleaner, and he’s wearing a key card on a white lanyard around his neck. He doesn’t take any notice of John; from his shambling gait and distinctive sour aroma John is almost certain the man fails to see him because he’s currently high as hell on heroin.
John looks up at him, dazed and half wrecked. His hair is mussed into spikes, eyes wide, shirt unbuttoned and half off his shoulders at three in the afternoon, and Sherlock feels a wave of pure hot lust wash over him. He steps back and slowly, deliberately undoes his trousers, locking eyes with John as he slides them off his narrow hips. He stands before John in only his snug black boxer briefs, refusing to drop his gaze, feeling aroused and self conscious and incredibly vulnerable. In this moment the feel of the chain around his neck, John’s token, is somehow anchoring, keeping him present in the moment.
“Don’t fight it,” John murmurs. “Just give in. It’s going to feel so good when you come, isn’t it? So much pleasure, just for you. All you have to do is let me. Just let me make you come.”
The full-liquid liquid lunch consists of a bowl of what is probably supposed to be chicken soup -- though John feels certain that whatever this liquid is, it has never been within ten miles of an actual bird -- and a plastic cup of orange jelly, with a foil-covered container of apple juice and another cup of weak decaf tea alongside.
John doesn’t actually currently have any social media accounts. Although, ironically, the initial media scrutiny was triggered in part by John’s own clumsy foray into blogging, the attention always made him feel uncomfortable, like an X-ray machine aimed squarely at his most tender organs. After that terrible day at Barts, the ugliness and slandering of Sherlock’s name became intolerable and John grew to despise the entire social media landscape with a white-hot intensity. In the end, he found the only way he could stand it all was to shut it out entirely.
Sherlock’s body clenches and contracts rhythmically around John as he comes, powerful pulsing waves from the very centre of his body rippling outward, and it pulls John to the very edge; three, four, five more thrusts, then his body goes still for a split second and he’s falling, blinding white pleasure crashing over him like a tidal wave as he spills hot and slick inside Sherlock’s body, mindless guttural noises pouring from his mouth, every nerve in his body on fire and he’s still coming, harder and longer than he ever has before in his life, the pulsing waves building and cresting, then suspending for a single endless gorgeous moment before finally receding.
“First of all,” John begins, then pivots on his left foot, kicks Blue Shirt squarely in the back of the knee with the side of his right. He disarms the larger man easily as he goes down, then elbows him hard in the nose just for fun. Blue Shirt collapses to the ground, inelegant as a sack of hammers.
On top of the credenza sits a baroque, almost overwrought bouquet of fresh flowers, a riotous cacophony of peonies and poppies and roses and trailing ivy.
They snog in the dark kitchen for what feels like ages--the darkness and the alcohol warp Sherlock’s perception of time, slowing it to a thick, syrupy crawl as they kiss and kiss, hands roaming across each others’ bodies, fingers slipping under shirt hems, cool palms pressed into warm soft skin. Presently, however, Sherlock notices an observation is trying to make its way into his fogged brain. His mind chases it, pins it down while his body is still dedicated to snogging John as thoroughly as humanly possible.
“I know this sounds strange, but-- I need you to go to bed. Just like a normal night. Go to bed, get under the covers, turn out the light. Can you do that?”
He remembers the certainty in John’s shining, dark blue eyes. It surrounds him, wraps around his consciousness, soft and comforting.
John turns his palm upwards, catches Sherlock’s hand in his, tangles their fingers together, splaying them out against the cream coloured sheets.
She looks ten years older than the last time John saw her, likely due to illness and rough living. Her skin is rough-textured and heavily made up to hide her poor health, but the drawn pallor of her face is still visible beneath beige foundation. A bright slash of rouge burns high on her cheeks, blue eyes are lined in harsh black liner, her lips are sticky with candy pink gloss. Her hair is covered by a grey and black paisley patterned headscarf, pinned just under her chin and tucked into the collar of a lumpy, knitted grey sweater coat that goes nearly to her knees. She is wearing her usual turned up jeans, and the chunky black boots on her feet look like they may be a size or two too big, perhaps nicked from Jennifer Hallman several days earlier.
Later on, he won’t ever be able to adequately explain what he does next; maybe it’s an attempt to recapture the hot, pleasurable rush of emotion he'd felt just moments earlier.
Sherlock moans softly in reply, tilting his hips up in silent, unmistakable entreaty, his prick rock hard, dusky pink and rising flush against his lower abdomen. John wraps fingers around the hot, satin smooth skin, nudging the foreskin gently back, stroking him, finding the rhythm as he explores the warm, sweat-damp crease of his groin, tasting the salty musky tang of his body. Sherlock whimpers, spreading his legs wider as he thrusts into the tight circle of John’s fist.
The silence between them is alive with a crackling tension, oscillating frissons of anticipation that John can almost visualize in hues of blue and green and deep blood red. His belly is already wound tight with desire; his prick has stayed more than half hard afternoon, and from the way Sherlock is wrapping his voluminous coat tightly around himself right now, John would be willing to wager a goodly sum that he’s finding himself in a very similar condition.
“Hello, Sophie,” he says, reflexive politeness kicking in. He tries to sound normal, he does, but his rough, choked voice makes obvious the fact of his tears. He feels caught out and exposed, desperately self-conscious.
, the muzzle pressing into his pale skin hard enough to bruise, so John gives in without a fight, lets slip the worst demons of his nature without a single moment of regret or remorse.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock struggles to speak around the leather in his mouth, his words muffled to a raspy lisping croak, the spit already beginning to bubble at the corners of his lips, soon to drip helplessly down his face.
Even with the burning pain in his side and the weakness in his buckling legs, John is watching Maria, can see her instantly work out the calculus of the situation in her head. She can hold a gun on Sherlock or she can engage in a shootout with three armed gangsters, but no matter her skill she cannot do both at once.
Not quite sure what to say, his brain still not fully back online, Sherlock keeps it simple, goes with the strongest and clearest feeling in his heart.
“I feel --” Sherlock breathes out, and lets the last bit of his constructed self crumble, lets his mind slip away completely, and it’s finally peaceful, still and quiet, the thick sweet tide of subspace flowing into him, soothing the sharp and splintered edges inside his mind and soul. “I feel exposed. Vulnerable. Shame, humiliation, producing a strong catecholamine response and amplify -- amplifying arousal. And I -- I like it.”
is different. His bright eyes are dark with resentment, and his posture is both slouchy and defiant.
“Finished,” he replies, pushing aside the shower curtain. Sherlock steps back into the bathroom holding an armful of clothing. He deposits it next to the stack of towels on the counter, then plucks the top towel off the pile and hands it to John. As John is drying off, Sherlock picks up another towel and begins to dry John’s hair, carefully blotting the dripping strands. John doesn’t object.
There’s an incision on Sherlock’s right hip, red and fresh but already beginning to heal. The tracking implant.
“Only for an hour or so,” Sherlock tells him, stifling a yawn. “We have a lot of work in front of us.”
“I grew slow, blank, dumb, but I still tried to think, tried to examine my options. I made a plan. I found a shard of glass, hidden in a hairline crack at the base of the wall, likely by one of his previous victims. I was going to slit his throat,  and take down anyone else I could reach before cutting my own.
Their main courses arrive. Sherlock’s stomach is tied in knots. He nibbles at a corner of his lasagna as John inhales pasta. He’s far too thin to Sherlock’s eyes and watching the man eat gives Sherlock unexpected satisfaction. It bothers him--a lot--that John hasn’t taken proper care of himself, and Sherlock suddenly  has a better understanding of why the doctor was always after him to eat.
And he smells so good, better than cheap deodorant and shaving cream could smell on anyone else in the world. Sherlock feels the tightness in his chest loosen a little, and it’s an effort to not grin like a moron.
done that, over and over. But I think maybe we did that to make sure we knew what the lines were, knew where we stood in relation to each other, In order to keep ourselves from… you know. Getting too complicated.”
.” Sherlock sounds almost angry, his mood shifting like mercury as his mouth sets into a stubborn line. “You
(Underneath it all, John has discovered that for the right person--for this person--he is a hopeless, helpless, stupidly sentimental romantic, and how he desperately wishes he weren’t. It’s exhausting, feeling these things, trying to control emotions so terrifyingly uncontrolled. It’s so very embarrassing for a private, reserved, properly British man to have these kind of melodramatic impulses bouncing around in his brain. Honestly, the whole thing is
“Sweetheart. I… ” John pauses, considers his next words. “When you came back, from...  before. I hit you. I hit you in anger and frustration. More than once. I regret that immensely. I swore to myself I would never hit you in anger again.”
“I don’t care,” Sherlock cuts him off, quiet but emphatic, enunciating every syllable. “I don’t give a damn if you're not perfect. I don’t want perfect. I never have. I just want
“Oh thank God, they sound dreadful.” John takes another careful step towards the ensuite. “I need a piss. Stay here in case I crack my head open on that stone floor, okay?”
“It absolutely did,” John agrees. More awake now, he looks at Sherlock with a considering eye; he’s fully dressed, growing-in hair styled well enough to actually look good, eyes bright and focused. “Did you actually get a good night’s sleep?’
“You’re finally awake.” The voice is low pitched, raspy but still feminine, coming from the doorway at the far end of the room. “Thank goodness. I was starting to worry.”
The vinyl upholstery is still unpleasantly warm from the blubbery buttocks of the previous occupant, and John can’t suppress a tiny shudder of revulsion at the sensation as he eases himself onto the stool. Sherlock gives him a single raised eyebrow, but makes no comment at John’s obvious discomfort.
Sherlock gives a huff of soft laughter and drops his head back to John’s chest, clearly not offended in the least.
“I’m fine,” John replies, his voice catching on something in his chest, coming out rough and strange. He’s about to say something else--
His tears are not a fierce howling storm but rather a long slow soaking rain, and Sherlock holds him patiently for a very long time, kissing his hair, murmuring soft nonsense words of comfort.
Her voice is softer, and so much kinder than he deserves. John swallows down the tears, gives a tiny huff of an self-conscious chuckle.
The wrongness of those hidden urges intermingles somehow with his endless aching want for Sherlock and the mixture is heady, intoxicating. A shiver of hot, desperate desire ripples through his body, his nerves tingling with pure base lust in a way he’s never felt before. John is blinded by his body’s clamoring need, heedless of where they are, heedless of everything that’s not the hot press of Sherlock’s body against his own, Sherlock’s sour tongue insistent in his mouth. John moans low against Sherlock’s mouth as he grabs slim bony hips, pulling his body flush against his own, reveling in the press of hardness against his belly as he pulls the blanket away from pale naked shoulders. John digs his fingers briefly into hard biceps before wrestling with the fabric covering the rest of Sherlock’s body, finally pulling the sheet away, letting it pool at their feet, leaving him in nothing but his snug grey pants, thin cotton clinging to every swell and curve.
“It’s just you and me,” he says. “All right? Whatever happens, however this goes, it’s just you and me and it’s absolutely fine.”
, more or less, but you didn’t grow up on a North Avenue street corner like you claim. Rather, the not-so-mean suburban streets of Bethesda are what you called home.
Sherlock reaches for the garment bag, pulls it towards him, unzips it. “Some new toiletries, a few things from home. Pants, socks, a couple of tee-shirts.” He holds up a paperback. “A novel Mrs Hudson thought you might like. And this.” He tosses the book back into the bag, pulls out a light blue envelope, and hands it to John.
He pulls Sherlock’s hips flush with his own, angles up just so, and stars explode across Sherlock’s brain as John finds his prostate with every thrust. He’s so close, he’s so very very--
“I wasn’t ignoring you. I was thinking.” For the entirety of those two days Sherlock has been thinking--about this thing, the one thing he really wanted. He hadn’t really intended to bring it up tonight, but he seems to have a longstanding habit of questionable behaviour in restaurants and that impulse has seemingly once again gotten the better of him. He decides he’s too far in to back out now, takes a sip of the really excellent Syrah, and plows on before he can come to his senses and lose his nerve.
“I didn’t say you could be noisy, did I?” John inquires mildly, but the steel underpinning his tone is unmistakable.
“Your reputation precedes you, Mr Holmes. You play at being the cold man, but you are truly such a Boy Scout, in the end.”
Sherlock picks up his head and looks at him sideways through long dark lashes. “Merely a result of careful observation and applying the resulting deductions. Simply put, I pay attention to what you seem to like best, and I just...do those things.”
“I wish -- John, how I wish I had something more comforting to give you. I am deeply sorry. But it’s the truth, at least as I see it. And I owe you nothing less than the truth.”
“Listen,” John says, and cranks the handle. The tinny recorded voice fills the room, this one not digitized but a man, utterly human and pushed to the brink of panic, barely holding it together under the thin veneer of stoic British reserve.
His history with Sherlock calling him instead of texting is a terrifying one, and long years of experience have taught him that nothing good happens at quarter to three in the morning.
Sherlock helps John stand up; once on his feet, John turns towards the countertop, checks his reflection over in the mirror. He still looks more or less dreadful, but it’s a modest -- a
Sherlock nods, punctuating his approval by sinking his fingers deeper into the soft flesh of John’s rear, pulling him even closer, encouraging the rolling cadence of John’s hips. The friction against his aching cock is intoxicating, addictive, the pleasure of it a deep aching heat low in his belly.
“Watson! Hey, Doc!”  Derrin Stewart booms loudly at him across the table, over-enunciating in the way only the intoxicated do, jolting John abruptly from his warm cocoon of remembrance.
“They were designed to copy human beings in every way except their emotions. The designers reckoned in a few years they might develop their own emotional responses. You know, hate, love, fear, anger, envy. So they built in a fail-safe device.”
Something else that’s been pulling at him since he acknowledged that blank space at the party, hovering near the kitchen door.
“I shan’t wait by my phone,” Sherlock turns on his heel, gestures toward the open door with a tilt of his head. John follows him down the stairs, out the door onto the rain-slicked pavement. They fall into step together easily, and for a moment it feels like old times.
For a confused moment John thinks he’s crying, then a wheeze of helpless, shaking laughter erupts from Sherlock’s mouth, loud and braying despite being muffled by his forearm.
“Oh Goddammit,” John sighs. "That arse is criminal. That arse should be banned by the Geneva Convention.” He sits up, swings his legs over the side of the bed, sets his tea on the side table. “Come here, you gorgeous thing,” he purrs, his voice gone undeniably darker and more commanding. Sherlock moves quietly on pale, bare feet to stand in front of John at the edge of the bed. John spreads his legs, point to the rug in between the vee of his thighs. “You know where you belong, pet.”
“Yes,” Sherlock replies. “Unlike earlier iterations, the basis of the Nexus 6 is entirely biological.”
“What do you want, love?” In the unguarded heat of the moment, the word slips out of John’s mouth unheeded. “Anything. Tell me.”
John picks up the picture, smoothes it carefully, slips it into his pocket. He grabs the blanket draped over the arm of the couch, wraps it around his shoulders, and takes his tumbler out to the narrow balcony of his flat, a tiny claustrophobic strip crowded in on every side with the walls of even taller buildings. John takes a sip of his drink and gazes at the lights of streets so far below, then sighs and pulls Sherlock’s photograph out of his pocket.
John picks up the cup, drains it, hands it silently over to Sherlock. Sherlock takes it, turns away to fix him a second drink. John can’t help but gaze at the pale, surprisingly broad planes of his well-muscled back, the long-faded scars silvery white across his shoulders.
John can’t risk letting her get any closer. A kind of zen calm descends over him, his heartbeat slowing as he lifts his head, turns to give her his full, undivided attention.
John climbs off Sherlock’s lap, lacking a bit in grace as the blood returns to his lower legs, pins and needles stabbing him in his calves as he unfolds himself to full height, holds out a hand to Sherlock.
John raises his head, looks at him with narrowed, searching eyes, and very deliberately closes the laptop and sets it aside. His head tilts to the left, his eyebrow raises just a fraction, his lips purse slightly.
John nods, feeling foolish but relieved. He returns his attention to the countertop in front of him.
Sherlock looks at those eyes and remembers then how much John loves him, and it becomes just a tiny bit easier to breathe.
“She has a history in Camden, right?” John says musingly. “She knows this area on a much deeper level than we possibly could.”
“We’ll just take it slow, see how it goes,” John says. “And if it’s not working for you just tell me and we’ll stop.”
“I think he pays me well and treats me like family. This is a good job, Mister Scott. How many good jobs do you think there are around here?”
“Give me that.” Sherlock commands, looming over Johnson and snatching the weapon from the man’s hand, tossing it out of reach. “Sit
John raises an eyebrow in sardonic disbelief. “Sounds like a terrible improve theatre troupe, not a street gang.”
John feels his blood pressure spike and his stomach tighten. He tells himself what he’s feeling is anger.
John steps closer and winds his arms around Sherlock’s waist, hesitates a moment, and leans his head against his shoulder. The realization that John is here, real and warm and
“Oh, John,” Sherlock gasps. “I’m having you on. Honestly, I escaped with my innocence completely intact. No one even wanted to have
In short, being cared for instead of the one doing the caring makes him feel insecure, and that’s another fun fact to toss into the “John Watson’s Painful Self Awareness’’ box for examination at a later date, but the point right now is John is being a right arse to the person he loves most in the world, solely due to John’s own jumbo variety pack of emotional shortcomings.
“Bloody ecstatic, thanks,” Lestrade replies, grinning from ear to ear as he turns away. John can’t stop the tiny chuckle that escapes him, and even Sherlock can’t help but give a twist of his lips.
This is how these incidents always go. He gets snatched up, dangled as bait for Sherlock Fucking Holmes to show up, and then ignored once His Majesty makes his appearance.
John is laughing so hard he almost can’t breathe. “Okay,” he finally gasps. “Okay, you ridiculous creature.
The noise stops as Sherlock picks up John’s discarded jeans off the floor and fishes his mobile from the front pocket. His mouth is tight with sudden and unexpected high anxiety as he hands the phone over to John.
The heavy, aching weight in John’s belly is building, pooling low and hot, the vague but unmistakable fullness sitting deep in his pelvis as his arousal builds and builds. He can’t help as his hips thrust upwards against the friction of his hand, seeking even more contact, more pressure, more--
“It’s all right,” John croons, kissing the nape of his neck. “I’ll take care of you. I’ll take such good care of you. Just let go. I’ve got you. Let go and I’ll make you feel so good, I promise.”
“Oh fuck fuck fuck, yes, that’s it,” John breathes, wrapping a hand around his stiff cock as Sherlock brushes against his prostate. “That’s so good, oh fuck that’s good,” he moans as he begins to rock back against Sherlock’s probing fingers. “I'm good, love, I want you --”
“Interesting,” Sherlock says, filing this new information away as he moves deeper into the house. John follows.
She hugs him gratefully, and John is a little bit handsier than necessary, strictly to confirm that she’s not hiding a weapon under her loose clothing. Sherlock is startled for a split second, then his expression smooths as he catches on to John’s intent. He makes eye contact over Patricia’s shoulder, quirks his brow in query.
John moves the cloth off Sherlock’s thighs, massages cream into sore flesh. “You’re my responsibility, Sherlock.
They move together, slowly at first then faster, harder, finding their rhythm as they wring pleasure from each others’ bodies.
Jim looks the scientist up and down, then reaches out and tears the enviro suit in half, ripping it like tissue paper off Shan’s petite frame. She cries out in shock as fiery cold hits bare arms and neck.
Time itself softens, grows indistinct; it’s a a minute or an age later when John releases his nipple, kisses his sternum before moving his attentions to his other side. “You’re so fucking hot,” he says, as his tongue lavishes equal attention to his left nipple. His hands move from Sherlock’s back to the belt of his dressing gown, fingers scrabbling at the loose double knot. “Get this off, I want to see all of you.”
“She was daughter you never had,” John says, a sardonic edge in his voice. Louellen looks down at her hands for a moment, then looks up at him, her posture unapologetic.
"Just not ready yet, Sherlock." John sighs in tired resignation. “I’m just not ready to... tomorrow, maybe. I made the list, that’s my accomplishment for today. I’ll start working on it tomorrow.”
Sherlock swallows down a burst of nerves, nods, and grabs John’s hand, pulling him through the kitchen and into his bedroom.
The pair exit the car without a word. John follows Sherlock, unable to keep himself from reflexive admiration as he glides gracefully, almost silently down the pavement, keeping to the shadows as if by instinct.
John is breathing calmly, deliberately, in through his nose and out through his mouth, trying  to keep the incipient freakout at bay. On  one of those deep inhales he smells it, the unmistakable acrid burning edge of fresh cigarette smoke. Relief floods through him as he realises where Sherlock’s gone. He climbs the dark steps two at a time, opens the door to his old room.
Sherlock wakes up in the middle of the night, disoriented and needing to pee. Dazed by morphine he tries to get up, forgetting he’s been in bed for three weeks, and immediately collapses to the floor in an undignified splay of bony, wasted limbs. He can’t get himself up, but at least it’s a new view, and he catalogues nine different varieties of textile fiber under the bed before the nurse finds him.
“Two more days, and you can do whatever the hell you want,” he hears as he’s pulled back down into the void. “Fuck him, skin him, make him into lampshades for all I care. But until then, leave him the fuck alone.”
John been a slow learner up to this point, but he gets it now, he understands, and God willing, he thinks maybe for once he’s figured something out before it’s too damn late.
From the corner of his eye, John can see the beginnings of the face Sherlock makes when he doesn’t immediately get his way, the familiar wrinkle of confused annoyance forming between his strong dark brows.
Part of him wants desperately to go back on his word to Sherlock. Part of him -- maybe most of him -- wants to get out of the car, stride up to that front door and snatch his child away from these people, these amoral people who are holding her like they have some kind of
(And right there, that’s John deepest darkest secret, isn’t it, far more carefully concealed and zealously guarded than he ever kept anything else, even his attraction to his own gender: in his most private of hearts, John Watson is a hopeless, ridiculous romantic. He’s tender and gentle and achingly sentimental, and he’d rather parade naked around Piccadilly Circus than admit to any of this out loud. He’s spent the past five years desperately trying to hide this side of himself from Sherlock’s preternatural powers of observation, terrified that Sherlock would use this knowledge as a weapon to hurt him or cut him down--or worst thought of all, that he would find John’s sentimental weakness so contemptible, so ridiculous that he would summarily toss him aside.
There’s a soft thump as John drops to his knees on the bedside rug. His warm mouth presses into the skin at the back of Sherlock’s thigh, soft, slow kisses as he squeezes and kneads and strokes the rounded curve of his buttocks.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, but his eyes are smiling. “Yes, your majesty,” he replies, as he helps John swing his legs up onto the bed before untying and removing his shoes.
“Client!” she hisses at them. “I left them downstairs. And thank heavens for that, considering.” She huffs and crosses her arms, but her eyes twinkle with amusement.
Feeling somewhat calmer and more centred after his long, quiet think, John stops for petrol, checks Google Maps, successfully navigates I-95 heading towards the airport.
John cracks open one eye to see Sherlock still on his knees before Maria. His pale eyes are desperate, almost pleading, his body almost vibrating with his palpable need to tend to John.
John wakes up more fully the next morning, feeling much more like himself, feeling like he's back on the path to healing.
The room is located on the ground floor. The doorframe is dinged and battered, the lock plate scratched and marred. Sherlock jams the key into the lock, shoulders the door open. John follows him into the shade-drawn, darkened room; the unmistakable smell of musty carpet and cheap disinfectant that meets his nostrils is as familiar as an old, slightly disreputable acquaintance from the wrong side of town.
“Oh, it’s so nice to see you!” Patricia beams at him as she adjusts her shoulder bag, flips her long dark hair over one shoulder. “You’ll be so glad you came here. This is the only decent juice bar in town. We’re only two hours from New York, but there’s not many worthwhile vegan spots. Are you vegan?”
There are two white vans, both Ford Econostar as Wiggins said. John creeps around to the other side of the van nearest him; the right side of the rear bumper is crumpled, the panel above it dented. He pulled out his phone and dashes off a quick text to Lestrade.
“I suspect you’re in the habit of lying in every circumstance,” Sherlock replies, then studies his face a moment before nodding once. “But it appears this is one of the rare occasions you’re telling the truth.”
Sherlock turns his head to look at John. “But I don’t want to stop,” he says, a familiar edge of stubbornness creeping into his voice. “And I’m not saying that because I think I should, or because I want to please you. I want to be with you, physically. Desperately so. In the past year I’ve thought of little else, much to my consternation. I want this. But I’m just so…” he shakes his head, lips pursed in frustration. “So
While the grand old bones of the building still show, the house’s years of greatness are far behind it; low-pile taupe carpet covers what was once certainly parquet flooring, ugly fluorescent figures are suspended from the hammered-tin ceiling, and a modern, office-catalog style receptionist’s desk is tucked up into the alcove formed by the curving staircase.
Sherlock does so, removing the collar and leash from the carved teakwood box on top of the dresser and bringing them to where John is sitting. He sinks to his knees before being told, extending the collar towards John as he does so, feeling foolish and exquisitely self-aware, but still determined to please John by performing his role properly.
He makes his way out to the front room to find Sherlock stretched across the undersized, striped sofa, bare feet dangling over the arm. His fingers are steepled under his chin, silver eyes remote, pupils fixed and faraway. The bruised smudges of a sleepless night are clearly visible under his eyes. He’s still in last night’s tee and jeans, his hair a tangled mess. His slender rib cage rises and falls minutely; aside from that tiny tell, he may as well be a statue.
“The blindfold, I think,” John finally decides aloud, turning away slightly to pick up a folded silk scarf from the bedside table. He drapes it across Sherlock’s eyes, ties it carefully, knotting the fabric in a neat, flat knot at at the back of his head, taking care not to catch or tug at his hair.
“Only if that’s something you think you would like,” John amends, feeling the need to backpedal a bit. “If you’d rather not, that’s absolutel--”
“--and hey, let’s not forget the time Jim Moriarty planted a freelance assassin square into my life, and I was too fucking stupid to notice
“Neither are you,” Sherlock says, but it comes out affectionate rather than peevish, and his mother laughs.
“I’m sure I don’t follow,” Sherlock says, and when John hears the brittle coldness in his voice he knows his suspicions are far from baseless.
“Well.” Al shuffles his feet. “There were rumours. A lot of rumours. So, yeah, I guess. But hey, I don’t care, all right? You’re a good sort, even if you…” he falls silent, seemingly uncertain how to complete the sentence.
His vision has gone grey at the edges, and John is almost at the point of losing consciousness when the dressing room door opens, and two chattering showgirls enter. One of them screams, A thin, piercing shriek that snaps Irene out of her murderous trance. She abruptly releases John, grabbing a vinyl raincoat before shoving the women aside roughly as she flees the room.
“How gracious of you to accommodate my plebeian tastes,” Sherlock says, bending to twine the last loop of tubing around the leg of one of the kitchen chairs. He pulls bit of a face as he stands, puts his hands on his lower back and twists, making his spine audibly crack and pop.
John tugs down his jumper and gestures at the building with a tilt of his head. “Right then. All set?”
Sherlock tries to glare at John, though his pounding pulse and raging hard-on make it a bit difficult to convey much seriousness. “I hate you,” he grumbles sulkily.
John stares at it, confused, until Sherlock takes it back and unscrews the cap, places it into his nerveless fingers.
A young hospital volunteer enters the room, a thin, nervous looking girl of maybe nineteen, pale blue lab coat voluminous on her narrow frame. She’s holding a large potted plant in her arms, dark green, elegantly drooping long leaves surrounding a creamy calyx rising from the centre of the glossy foliage.
Sherlock shakes his head, his lips pursed in a mocking moue of sympathy. “Poor pitiful you, the true victim in this situation.” He makes a deliberate show of folding the document back into thirds and returning it to the envelope before tucking it into the inner breast pocket of his coat.
“Then why am I so upset?” Sherlock asks. “He didn’t rape me. He just put his hands on my body. It’s just meat, transport, so why do I care?” his voice cracks with uncertainty and anxiety. “Help me understand, John. Please. I’ve been through so much worse,
“You’re likely suffering a mild form of postoperative cognitive dysfunction from your injury. It’s an interesting manifestation. Your speech and thought processes don't seem at all affected, but from the faces you’re making and the agonizing speed of your thumbs, I suspect it’s affecting your written expression. It will pass.”
Sherlock feels shaken to the very core. He finds himself sleepless in the warmth of their shared bed, keenly aware of their mortality, the fragility of their lives. He fears he will never be able to fall asleep again, replaying the events of the night over in his head again and again, on an endless agonizing loop.
As the SUV navigates the hilly, twisty country roads, the last streaks of sunset fade from the sky. There are no streetlights out here, only the dark shapes of tall trees crowding in on both sides of the two-lane strip of asphalt.
He places Sherlock’s hands on the top rail of the headboard, a little more than shoulder-width apart, before nudgings his knees slightly apart as well. He takes a moment to run his fingers appreciatively across the back of Sherlock’s leg, the curve of his arse, the expanse of his flank. The touch makes Sherlock shiver.
John grips the back of the chair with his right hand for leverage, bends forward at the waist and presses a gentle kiss into tousled curls.
He can’t even think of what to say right now. He doesn’t know how to ask for what he needs. He doesn’t even know what it is he needs.
“I believe birthday spankings are a tradition, aren’t they?” Sherlock continues as if John hasn’t even spoken. “That’s what my research indicates. So it would seem a fitting way to introduce--”
‘He was curled up on his side like he was cold, or he was sleeping, but his eyes were open. No blood, he didn’t look like he was in a fight or nothing. He weren’t wearing his own clothes. he was wearing those trousers  nurses and doctors wear--”
Sherlock pulls back slightly, gazes down at John’s upturned face and realises all over again that despite what others may see as objective physical shortcomings, John is the most perfectly beautiful human being Sherlock has ever seen. He gazes into those dark blue eyes, looking up at him in a rare moment of raw vulnerability, wide and guileless and oh so much in love Sherlock almost can’t breathe. He feels full to bursting with adoration, it makes his heart hurt to feel this much, but it’s a good pain, a joyous pain, something his younger self never would have been able to comprehend.
Sherlock sinks down, squatting on his heels as he looks over the latest sprawled corpse, using his magnifier to pore over the note tacked to the lapel of the victim’s bespoke suit with a glass-headed sewing pin.
Sherlock looks at him, head tilted, unspoken question forming in his eyes. Half a moment later his eyes widen in understanding, and the edges of his mouth soften just the barest fraction.
Sherlock slides his fingers from John’s now-slack and panting mouth. He dips down to kiss him even as they are both gasping for breath, tasting himself on John’s tongue as their lips smear and slide together. John’s hands wrap around his waist, pulling him close, keeping them entangled for just a few moments more.
John closes his eyes, a shiver of horror running down spine as the images of Sherlock being horribly brutalized and disfigured threatens to take form in his mind. He pushes the dreadful thoughts away with a concerted effort, shakes his head.
“Why do I need this?” he asks before he can stop himself, his voice plaintive and lost as a child’s. “Why do I want you to do these things to me?”
“Sherlock…” John trails off, comes to a halt on the pavement, not quite able to finish the sentence, the thought.
Basic self-care accomplished, John pads on bare feet into the living area. The smell of brewing coffee is strong and heavenly.
“Not as much as I -- ” Sherlock falls silent for a moment, then takes a deep breath, blows it out, steeling himself. “The picture I took of you. The one I gave to Martinez. The metadata on it is tagged and embedded with micro-footprint tracking spyware. If he gives it to Maria, both of them would be, theoretically, trackable by a larger organization that had the hardware and resources to devote to the task.”
John pauses, confused, looking up at Sherlock. The urgency he felt so keenly just a few moments ago is crumbling away as reality solidifies around him, taking hold more firmly in his mind with each bit of sense perception that filters in -- how good the cool wetness feels in his mouth and throat, how his dry and gritty eyes have trouble focusing on anything at all, and how he vaguely knows everything below his neck hurts horribly but he somehow can’t really feel it or bring himself to care overmuch --
. He’s not going allow the two of them to accept the role of passive victims to Moriarty’s continuing campaign of terror and sorrow from beyond the grave. He’s just not.
Four more clothespins on each side of his chest, three in a line from the crease of each armpit (John knew from past sessions these hurt particularly due to a lack of extra padding underneath). After carefully placing the last two on Sherlock’s small, hard pink nipples, John stepped back to observe his handiwork.
Sherlock, of course, is unruffled by the man’s laser-focused hatred. He counts out another stack of hundreds onto the counter. The pawnbroker snatches them up and practically throws the keys at him in return.
Sherlock regards him with a deadpan expression.  “That man,” he says evenly, “was a sodding idiot who had no idea what he was missing.”
“Whether you care to admit it or not,” Sherlock says, “You’re in a very tight squeeze here, Mister Johnson. The only reason you’ve gotten away with what you have is because no one’s looking. If the authorities are pointed your way you’re done for.”
“You’re so beautiful,” John breathes into his skin, all emotional filters demolished as he trails feather light kisses down the swell of his right pectoral. “Look at you, my God, so beautiful. You feel so good -- you taste so good -- ”
I hope it is apparent to everyone reading this that there is absolutely no titillation or salacious intent here.
With guidance Sherlock does a remarkably good job, better than many third-year students John has mentored, and the stitches are well-tied and even. It’s very slow going, though, taking eighteen stitches to close the wound neatly. It is just past four in the morning by the time Sherlock clips the last stitch, applies antibiotic ointment, and tapes a square of gauze over the wound to keep it dry.
“That’s good. That’s -- yes. Evelyn, I --” Sherlock takes a breath, visibly regroups, regaining a semblance of his usual composure. “Thank you. For everything.”
“Not to bring up the utterly mundane,” John interrupts, “but we also really need some clean clothes.”
“Unsecured car seat and no seat belt,” John finally says, and his voice is still shaky, his nerves still raw. “We’re flunking infant safety 101 here.”
.  It always has been, since that very first day, when Greg announced a drugs bust and John had looked up, startled, into Sherlock’s angular and oddly attractive face, his silver-green eyes boring into him with such quiet intensity, and thought to himself,
He can’t see Sherlock, but the sharp bite of cigarette smoke tells John what he needs to know. He raises himself from the couch with a tiny bit of a groan, his lower back and hip flexors twinging, and makes his way to the open door.
The Dilaudid is kicking in hard now, and John’s feet feel heavy as stone. He leans a bit more heavily against Sherlock, who wraps his arm fractionally tighter around his right hip as he guides John back into bed. John groans a little in relief to be horizontal once again.
“You’re still a mate,” Al says. ‘Not everyone…not all of us feel like he does, you know. I don’t want you to think--”
It’s an extraordinarily pleasant sensation. Sherlock loves this part, loves John’s caretaking and tender concern; even if he didn’t enjoy everything else about their game, this part would make it more than worthwhile.
He clicks the blade open, dumps the first box of clothing on the bed, and begins to methodically slice every garment into ribbons. Then he hacks the boxes into confetti before shoving the mountain of shredded fabric off the bed and stabs through the loathed sunburst quilt into the mattress, over and over and over again.
“Well,” John says with a smile, unsure how to reply, and kisses him back instead. Sherlock wraps an arm around his waist, pulling him close.John can’t help but give a bit of a hiss at the friction against his painfully stiff prick, trapped between their bodies.
Sherlock is sitting in the large general waiting area on the ground floor, long body and billowing coat folded almost incongruously onto a cheap, flimsy-looking chair.
“Because I don’t even know if the real you wants to talk to me,” John replies, not meeting his eyes.
Sherlock’s higher brain functions have gone completely offline. He’s unable to form words. John tugs impatiently on the leash. “Answer me.”
John can’t find the words to do justice to what he feels right now, the pride and amazement and absolute hopeless love that he feels for this complicated, damaged, difficult, wondrous man, so he instead wraps his hands around Sherlock’s head, pulls him down and kisses him, kisses him fiercely, passionately, pouring every shred of his endless, unbreakable devotion into a single, simple physical gesture.
“I’ve no doubt you could,” Sherlock replies, “but we’ve pushed the limits of the DIY approach, don’t you think?”
As John looks at her he feels stiff, mechanical, tension in every limb. Like a marching toy with an overwound spring.
Everyone else around her ignores the commotion entirely, their attention fixated on perpetuating their own compulsive risk-and-reward loops instead.
“I do,” Sherlock says, his voice a bit clipped, a bit defensive. “I do, as you so eloquently put it,
From John’s point of view, a recent widower obviously chatting up a lovely young woman would make him the ethically dubious party, but Patricia clearly doesn’t see it that way.
Sherlock doesn’t answer. He glances at John and back at the coat, hesitating, as if uncertain what to do with the gift.
When his fingertips slide down to stroke and massage at the warm dense weight of his bollocks, barely constrained by the snug silk of the knickers, Sherlock shivers and pushes his hips back against his questing fingers. John pulls back, slaps him sharply on the tender flesh at the back of his thigh, making him cry out.
But they don’t rock against each other, they don’t undress each other. John is careful to be patient, asking permission at every new touch. He stays mindful of Sherlock’s small tells, of the tensing and shallowing of his breath, backing off immediately at the first sign of discomfort.
John nods. “Like holy hell,” he says between gritted teeth as the last of the saline flows over the wound. “But I made this bed myself, didn’t I? Okay, look for a suture packet containing a 25 gauge needle.”
“And you’re the sexiest fucking thing I’ve ever seen in my life,” John purrs, sliding his thumb across the edge of Sherlock’s lower lip. Sherlock obediently opens his mouth, suckling and tonguing at the offered digit, making John shiver with pleasure.
“No, of course not,” Sherlock says. “Merely the means to an end. The money is the point, isn’t it? It’s always the money.”
John turns his head to look at him, shrugs in acceptance of how well Sherlock knows his thought processes. “Well. Yes. Precisely that.”
“Delayed reactions are rare,” John says, “but they can happen. It will help with the burning and itching, as well.” He stands, returns his bank card to his wallet.
He stands and fiddles with the controls at the side of the bed, raising John’s upper half to a forty-five degree angle before he turns and picks up a small pitcher on the bedside table. He pours water into a styrofoam cup, adds a lid and a plastic straw, then half- crouches next to the bed and brings the straw to John’s parched lips.
Sometime later he ends up curled on his side, staring out the open doorway. Which, predictably, somehow gradually becomes staring at Sherlock’s back in unguarded fascination.
“A few more minutes won’t hurt, and you can’t be more than twelve stone right now. You couldn’t squish me if you tried.”
“You’re so perfect like this,” John murmurs reverently. “No one else will ever, ever see you like this. Just me. Only me.”
“Constantly,” Sherlock replies, restless fingers running across John’s shoulders. “Can’t get enough.”
Later on, John will mercifully recall very little about this helicopter ride, or the bumpy, wind-buffeted landing on the roof of Cooper University Hospital, or the searing pain that consumes him from the inside out, or how he gasps and cries out in anguish, clutching Sherlock’s cool, clammy fingers until the merciful twin angels of morphine and lorazepam intervene and send him tumbling into blessed black unconsciousness.
“I don’t wish to cause an incident,” Sherlock says, his voice lower, projecting an air of calm and control. “I just want a word with your boss.” He looks directly at the other man. “We’re looking for an old client of yours. Maria Kochencko.”
“Drink,” he commands, and Sherlock complies. It is made how Sherlock likes it, much lighter and sweeter than John prefers. Gratitude and affection wash over him at this simple proof of John’s care and concern.
John swallows hard, pinches the bridge of his nose, closes his eyes against the really spectacular headache forming just behind his eyes.
The thick, black anger begins to seep in through the cracks, oozing into his body like warm sticky tar, settling into all the empty spaces deep inside.
“What’s your name?” the woman asks, coaxingly, as if trying to entice a kitten forward to drink a saucer of milk.
Very late that evening they return to Baker Street, quietly hanging their coats on two neighboring hooks next to the door before they climb the stairs. They are tired but somehow deeply, primally satisfied. both of them full to the brim with Indian food and the satisfaction of a (admittedly not-very-difficult) case solved--and also, John thinks fleetingly to himself, the indescribable, incandescent relief of finally getting back a tiny shred of something like they used to be.
They kiss and kiss, feverish and sloppy, their mouths smearing and sliding against each other, frantic and messy with need. John tangles his hands into dark mussed locks, Sherlock wraps his giant hands around John’s hips to pull him close, close enough that John can feel the tremors running through his spare frame. Everything Sherlock had kept so tightly locked away is bubbling to the surface and John’s anger evaporates as understanding washes over him; he sees now the magnitude of terror and panic Sherlock had blocked out in order to remain under control until now, until this private moment between the two of them, safe and sound behind closed doors.
“We want to know where to find you newest employee,” Sherlock states without preamble. “The woman you likely know as Maria Kochencko.”
A white-hot starburst explodes across his lower right flank. Pillowcase full of batteries, he is fairly certain, or some similar improvisation intended to inflict maximum pain with minimal long-term damage. Whatever their  plans are, they intend to keep him whole and relatively uninjured for at least few days.
John sighs, mouths at his hair. “Sherlock, that’s not a feasible thing. It’s just fantasy talking. What we do is a part of who you are, and I love that side of you, but there’s so much more to you than that. There’s a whole world outside of Baker Street, and you need that world. That world needs you, too.”
“I suppose I must,” Sherlock sighs in mock annoyance, “if only to keep you from adding milk to the ragu. Honestly, John. It’s a
John sits in surprised silence for a moment before he huffs out a noise that’s close to but not quite a laugh. “I didn’t know that’s what we were doing. I’m not an expert, but I’m fairly certain BDSM is not meant to be employed as a substitute for actually talking about things.”
John can’t stop himself from reaching out to Sherlock, stroking his short dark hair with tender fingers, wishing for heavy curls underneath his palm. Sherlock snuffles and presses closer against John, seeking the comfort and contact he won’t allow himself when awake.
“The moustache made you look old,” Sherlock says. “This makes you look... strong. Confident. A little bit dangerous.” He nuzzles into John, nosing against the short, sharp hairs just in front of his ear. “It suits you.”
Sherlock can’t suppress the tiny shamed moan as it escapes his lips, can’t (doesn’t, won’t) stop his hips from moving, from  seeking, from pressing his burgeoning erection into the soft bit of flesh over John’s belly.
“Mycroft Holmes was my older brother,” he tells Lily. “That makes him your uncle. He died before you were born.”
John follows suit, though he has a bit of a harder time of it, pardon the pun, as Sherlock’s request rattles around in his brain, the promise of it lurking just over the visible horizon, tugging insistently at his tired and somewhat hesitant, but still easily-roused carnal imagination.
John hands him the local section of the newspaper, taps a single-column news item with an index finger.
“Probably,” Sherlock says against his mouth, and then they’re kissing again and touching, exploring each other’s naked bodies with hands and mouths.
“For our anniversary,” Sherlock agrees, a bit absently, a new thought already gathering speed on the heels of the previous one.
Without breaking the contact of their hands Sherlock shifts on the bed, sliding down on to the mattress, turning on his side toward John. He doesn’t look up, he doesn’t make eye contact; he keeps his eyes fixed on their joined hands, as if he cannot bear to look at John’s face.
The black sedan slips smoothly back into the stream of traffic and is out of sight within a moment. John stands still and unmoving, long after the red taillights have rounded the corner and disappeared.
Sherlock huffs a soft burst of laughter, some of the anxiety smoothing from the corners of his eyes. “Good to know,” he murmurs.
“Yeah, but that --” John stops himself before he completes the sentence, reconsidering the words about to come out of his mouth.
“Sherlock,” John says, warningly. “Lestrade is not the entirety of New Scotland Yard. He had no idea--”
The bartender is a tall, dark skinned woman, flinty and sharp-eyed, with cowrie shells woven into her shoulder-length braids. She flicks a disinterested eye at him. “Whaddaya havin'?”
Sherlock gets in on the driver’s side, and they pull away from the hospital. Despite the frisson of nerves John felt earlier, it still feels incredibly good to see that giant silver box of a building in the rearview mirror.
John flicks off the bathroom light returns to the living room, Sherlock trailing close behind. Lestrade is still standing where John left him in the doorway; he has unearthed an unlit match from the depth of a coat pocket and is fashioning a tiny man out of the splinter of wood. A tiny man sporting a very prominent, very vulgar erection.
“I know nothing about that,” Irene says dismissively. She unwinds the snake from her nude body, drapes the creature on a metal stand, and slips off her Lucite platform heels. She turns to the cluttered mirror vanity and begins to wipe away her caked makeup. “Are we done here?”
“No! Well, yes. But--” John kisses Sherlock’s lips in gentle reassurance. “You’ve never done it before. Everyone’s terrible at first, when they don’t know what they’re doing, I swear. And I don’t mind. I promise. Not at all.”
The man on the couch sniggers, quiet but still audible. John’s blood pressure spikes; he clasps his hands behind his back, forcing himself to stay at parade rest, face impassive, not betraying his desire to smack the arrogance right off the smug prick's bloated, stupidly goateed face.
Sherlock looks at him then, so much older and greyer than he was just a few weeks ago, and something warm and aching rises in his chest. Before he can stop himself, he brushes the hair off John’s forehead with infinite tenderness.
There is one last slice of cake left on the stand. There is no one around to tell him not to, so he picks it up with his fingers.
John stands in the vast, hushed dining room of Dr Holmes’ private suite, all polished teak and cool smooth stone. He leans on his cane, feeling shabby and grimy and exceedingly out of place in his ill-fitting brown overcoat as he tries not to gape openly at the opulence surrounding him. A pet owl, resplendent in fluffy, barred tan and white plumage, regards him skeptically from its perch at the far end of the room. It tilts its feathered head as if to say,
“More,” he says, spreading his legs even wider in desperate entreaty. “Please, John, it’s so good, oh please--”
John cups his bollocks firmly, undoes the snaps of the cock ring; Sherlock gasps at the exquisite rush of hot molten pleasure as his cock is freed; his testicles hang heavy, full and tender from denied release. The tightness in his belly winds higher, his body already rushing to the edge of orgasm at John’s gorgeous filthy words.
One of the spinners lands, lights flashing and sirens blaring, and the sudden blast of noise startles John back into awareness. He fumbles in his pocket, pulls out his badge. As he holds it aloft, he scans the crowd of onlookers again, but Sherlock is gone; John catches a glimpse of his trailing coat as he turns into an alleyway, disappearing under a large sign depicting a traditional lucky cat done up in four metres of flashing neon.
“It’s gotten me John Watson,” he reminds her, quiet but unbowed. Maria’s eyes flash bright with pure hatred, and for a terrible second John is certain that despite her words she will put a bullet between his eyes, just for spite.
“It does indeed.” Sherlock reaches out to cup the back of John’s head and bring him close; the kiss is brilliant, tender and loving, but the motion causes Sherlock to gasp and wince at the pull on his fresh incisions. John breaks away and looks at him in concern, then his eyes skate downwards and widen in surprise.
(He briefly wonders if he and Sherlock are that obviously smitten with each other, and decides they probably absolutely are, and have been forever, and he shakes his head mentally at their mutual staggering obliviousness.)
Their kisses this morning are not the hushed and tender explorations of last night; their mouths are heated, insistent, and soon Sherlock is slipping his hands under the hem of John’s tee, fingertips skating against his bare skin as his teeth nibble at his neck. “I like your stubble,” he murmurs, mouthing the bristly underside of his jaw. “You could keep it, if you wanted.”
He also realises he, John Watson, may at times be the most oblivious man on the entire goddamn planet.
(Sherlock may, in fact, be a bit irritable himself. Regular high doses of certain neurochemicals are proving quite addictive.)
After several long moments Sherlock gives a bit of a shrug, shaking himself out of his momentary trance, and reaches into the pocket of his shirt. John hears the distinctive dry
Liverpool--Elliot--sighs and gets to his feet. “I’ll see you later, sweetness,” he says, and presses chapped lips to Sherlock’s shoulder, making his skin crawl.
Sherlock’s arousal is evident, the hot ridge of it nudging deliciously against the underside of John’s bollocks, and John can’t help but rock against it, his hips undulating gently as Sherlock’s huge hands grow bolder, roaming down his flanks, curving around his hips, slipping around to cup and knead at the bare flesh of his buttocks.
John piled pillows against the headboard and leaned himself against them, somewhat awkwardly maneuvering Sherlock’s shuddering body on top of him, bound thighs straddling his legs.
“Back in a tick.” John rises, pulling up his jeans but leaving them unzipped. “Don’t you dare fall asleep while I’m gone.”
Seb’s face on the screen looks young, so young, and looking at his wide scared eyes reminds Jim of the first time he laid eyes on the boy, turning tricks in the back room of that desolate bar outside the Feynman gate, a bruise darkening one perfect cheekbone as he plied the only trade he knew.
Sherlock nods approvingly. “The pantry and freezer are well stocked, and I was going to make some pasta for dinner. You need a base of carbohydrate or those antibiotics will make you nauseated. Care to come out to the sofa and keep me company?”
Sherlock is rumpled and visibly annoyed, smoking and pacing the narrow strip of concrete pavement in front of their room. He’s not muttering to himself, not yet, but John can tell he’s close, the agitation almost visibly building within his narrow-shouldered frame.
Sherlock hits the gas almost too hard, sending dirt and clumps of grass flying. The car shoots across the road, almost going off the other side into the trees. Sherlock swerves back, making the tires squeal, speeding away far too fast for the narrow lane. He barely slows down at the intersection, only glancing left as he makes a hard right turn onto the larger road. Providentially, there are no oncoming cars.
John sighs and lowers himself down to sit on the floor next to the sofa. “Sherlock. Look. I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have walked out. That was wrong of me.” He sighs heavily. “Avoiding the difficult stuff--it’s not my best quality, is it.”
All of this put together means that despite the still not-fully-understood extent of his injuries, he is almost certainly going to pull through this ordeal more or less intact.
“Of course.” Mary rolls her eyes in contempt. “It’s all for John, isn’t it? Everything, always for John." She laughs spitefully. "All for your faithful pet. Unfortunately for you, your obsession blinded you to the fact that there’s no way I will let you leave this stupid boat alive.” Her eyes narrow. “No, better yet.” She shifts, pivots on her heel, levels the gun at John’s prone form. “I think I’ll kill him first.”
“Whom did you tell?” he demands, looming over the much smaller woman. His voice is controlled and icy, but all the more terrifying for it. “You were excited, you met celebrities, you were
“Precisely.” Mycroft makes a show of checking his watch. “The temperature will rise above zero centigrade in approximately forty-three minutes, at which point much valuable evidence will be irretrievably damaged. I don’t have time to bicker, Sherlock.”
On the heels of that discovery comes another. It’s been thirty-seven minutes since he’s heard from Sherlock. He snatches his phone up with a shaking hand, presses Sherlock’s speed dial as cold sick dread pools in his gut.
Sherlock nods mutely, not quite trusting himself to speak just yet. He feels like what was possibly the best orgasm of his life has rebooted his system, wiped him blank and empty, and the systems are slow to come back online. He grabs John’s hand and tugs on it, pulling him down to the floor. John gets the hint and lays down next to him, wrapping an arm around his hip and holding him close, heedless of the damp stickiness of his body.
He’s distantly aware of a rough, keening cry that sounds like someone in pain, and then a moment later discovers he’s the one making it. “Oh fuck,” he gasps in between moans.“Oh my God, oh my God.”
“You’re still asleep,” Sherlock says softly. “You’re still asleep, and this is a dream, and after tonight we will never again speak of these things.”
John feels suddenly uncertain, as if the ground beneath them has shifted unexpectedly, and he realizes that in this moment they may be in fact talking about something altogether different. He fidgets in his seat, looks at his hands. “I just feel so left behind by you sometimes,” he says quietly. His eyes flicker up to Sherlock’s face. “Especially since… I don’t know, Sherlock. We’re just so out of touch with each other, out of sync, have been ever since ... since…”
Sherlock feels like his brain has been set alight as well, each biting stripe of searing hot-cold sparking off another feedback loop of pain and endorphin release. His very sense of self begins to melt away, crumbling into ash as he slips into the darkest depths of subspace, the smell and taste of leather filling his mouth and nose as his jaw aches, saliva spilling shameful and messy down his chin, a reminder of why he deserves this, deserves to be punished, deserves to be whipped like a dumb disobedient animal --
“As you wish,” he murmurs, low and fond. He picks up the leash where it lay forgotten on the floor, wrapping it around the steel leg of the bedframe before slipping the end through the looped handle and clicking it back onto the D-ring of Sherlock’s collar. He smooths tangled curls, kisses the top of his head with an affection that borders on reverence.
“Relax for me, pet, let it in,” John said, gentle but firm, as he slowly pushed the glass plug fully into him. Sherlock cried out once, breathing raggedly as the widest part of the plug finally slipped past his stretched rim. John kept one hand on Sherlock’s neck as Sherlock mewled and squirmed at the heavy fullness inside of him. John gave the base of the toy several firm nudges, making Sherlock gasp as it pressed against his prostate.
This is the reason Sherlock is partial to cryptography. He likes this zone, where he’s working, challenged, thoroughly absorbed and focused but not stressed out or frustrated or angry at himself, with John nearby, ready to spring into action and offer assistance if needed.
A few minutes later, the resident on duty makes a brief, perfunctory visit, studiously avoiding Sherlock’s narrow-eyed glower as he palpates John’s abdomen and checks his vitals. He takes his leave quickly, with a few mumbled words in his wake which don’t do much of all in the way of explanation or comment, especially to someone of John’s qualifications.
Sherlock darts out his tongue to delicately lick at the wet tip, swirling around the full, blunt head, savoring the slide of silk-smooth skin against his rough tongue.
John sits, folding his hands together on top of the kitchen table. Sherlock can tell he’s waiting for him to get past his shock and nerves, and that somehow makes it all even worse.
“Nonsense. I’m sure you can reduce the sentence to eighteen months with good behaviour and frequent displays of true remorse.”
After they’ve left, Sherlock is both glad they’re gone and misses them horribly. It’s a confusing, contradictory set of feelings, and he both really dislikes it and has come, reluctantly, to accept it.
John’s cock is hot and hard and maddening, his angle and controlled thrust teasing and denying him, giving him almost but just not quite enough stimulation to bring him to orgasm. John is focused and relentless in his iron self-control, denying himself his full pleasure to continue Sherlock’s cruel torment.
The exterior is unremarkable, a bleak windowless edifice just outside the airport fence. At the left corner of the building, a single outdoor lamp illuminates the tempered glass door, bisected by a metal crash bar on the inner side. To the right of the door is a large, plainly lettered sign marked “Medical Linen Supply”. The building is surrounded by a woven metal fence, about two and a half meters tall; the sliding gate is open, but a security camera is clearly visible, perched on top of the right gatepost.
He is cut off mid-sentence by Sherlock's warm hands grabbing the sides of his face, his warm, plush mouth pressing against John’s.
“John--” Sherlock says, low, at the same Caldwell raises his hand, just slightly, palm out. A show of civility, and also a gesture to his bodyguard.
. “After all, as the author I get a substantial discount, and I know you’re all skint uni students.”
It’s full dark when he emerges in just pants and vest, toweling off his hair. Sherlock doesn’t even glance up.
“God, yes,” John breathes in his ear. “Look at how beautiful you are like this.” He bites at the juncture of his neck and throat, sucking a bruise into the pale flesh below his collar, making him arch and squirm under his mouth.
On the heels of that thought comes another: John knows a few minutes from now they will spar goodnaturedly over who gets the loo first, and then they will head up the street, maybe go to that Turkish place Sherlock keeps mentioning, and there they will drink a bit too much raki and press their socked feet together under the table and grin stupidly at each other, obviously and profoundly in love and admitting it openly to each other for the very first time. Part of him -- a large part -- wants to leap out of bed and get started on that happy ending, begin fulfilling the promise of the rest of their lives as soon as possible.
To be honest, he always felt like a bit of a fraud in those conversations, extending advice while not having any firsthand knowledge of fatherhood to fall back on -- further complicated by the fact that parenthood, while something he had never been opposed to, was something John had, at some point in between Helmand and Sherlock Holmes, decided wasn’t in the cards his life had dealt him.
Sherlock finishes the last bit, around the curve of his chin, wipes the soap away with a damp flannel, leans back and tilts his head this way and that to check his handiwork.
A leash. John has him collared and leashed like an animal. The humiliation of it lights his nerves on fire, shame and desire and submission twisting and building inside of him. He looks down at his cock, so stiff it rises almost flush with his belly, dark red and shiny wet at the slit.
“You don’t scream. It hurts, horribly so, like you’re going to rip in two but you won’t give him the satisfaction of making you scream. You wouldn’t scream if he was breaking your bones, so you won’t scream now. You’ll bite through your lip, but you won’t scream.
When Sherlock returns, he unfolds the packet of sterile gloves and puts them on, glowering at the repeated reminders not to touch the outside of the gloves with his fingers.
Sherlock gives a tiny, pleased nod, and John doesn’t miss the flare of the old spark in his eyes, his pleasure in the game bringing something cold and dormant in him back to life, if only for a moment.
“So fucking beautiful,” John whispers, and dips his head. Sherlock makes an incoherent noise as he looks down, watches the tip of his cock slip past John’s lips and into the lush heat of his mouth. The slick wet warmth surrounds him, floods his body with overwhelming sensation, making him gasp as his hips push forward. John’s hands rest on the back of his thighs, anchoring him as his head bobs, slowly, tasting him, exploring him, sending sparking shivering pleasure across every nerve. After several long, slow moments of gentle suckling, John pulls off, kisses the top of his thigh.
The pain is phosphorescent, his nipple on fire, and this time he cries for real, tears streaming down his face as John suckles and licks, the cooling saliva quenching the terrible burn. As the pain finally fades, the endorphins kick into high gear, pain and pleasure merging into a whirlpool of quicksilver tension, hot and demanding, filling his groin and belly, a rising tide held back only by the thin strip of black leather wrapped tight around his purpling, swollen cock.
It looks to be a lovely spring day; the sky overhead is already a clear, crisp blue as John quickly and carefully crosses the four-lane highway between the hotel and the sprawling petrol station/convenience store across the street.
She spies him as he advances on her, the panicky look of a trapped animal in her eyes, and something in her breaks and she runs for her life. John follows her, pursuing her doggedly, knowing he’s going to tire and slow and lose her soon if he doesn’t find his opportunity--
He turns away and slips out the door, down the steps and gone before Sherlock can form any sort of coherent reply.
The younger man is hunched over in his seat while holding on to his own arms,  an unconscious attempt at self-protection John has seen many times before.
“My collar. It’s snug but not tight. Familiar. Comforting. My wrists are behind my back, restrained by cuffs. The leather is stiffer, and connected to the collar by a short length of heavy chain. We haven’t used these before. My arms are higher, my elbows tighter against my back than I’m used to. It’s not painful. It’s just. different.”
." Mycroft's voice is low but cutting, eyes flashing as his own heretofore well concealed anger boils up, hot and close to the surface. “It doesn’t work that way, John. You know that. Whatever power I may have, I don’t have the werewithal to start World War Three over the fate of a single agent. Even if--even if it is Sherlock. Take a breath, John. Then take another, and try to think clearly. Come now. You know this to be true.”
“The Browning is in the locked metal box in the back of the wardrobe in the upstairs room. The combination is 0910. It’s unloaded; the spare rounds are in my sock drawer, left hand side.”
“I really am,” he agrees, looking up through his lashes with his best come-hither expression as he tightens his fingers around John’s cock and gives him a slow, deliberate pull. John exhales shakily and closes his eyes as Sherlock brings his lips close to his ear.
John shakes his head. “No.” He cups the curve of Sherlock’s arse with his free hand, pulls him in close, and with his other rubs the head of Sherlock’s cock over his relaxed, slightly gaping hole, wet with lube and spit. “Do you feel this?” he whispers into his ear. “I’m so open and wet because of you, because of how good you make me feel.”
Sherlock feels a twinge of guilt at waking John up by basically chewing on him and squeezing him half to death. “I’m sorry, John,” he says, loosening his cephalopodic hold just a fraction.
“You tell me, mate.” The Chief offers John a cigarette; he demurs with a shake of his head. The policeman shakes one out of the pack, lights it one-handed. “That’s what you’re here for.”
“American bloke,” John remembers. “Sleazy as all hell, had to be twenty years older than her. He was her live-in physician and drug dealer as well. They had only been married a couple of months. Sherlock was called in to prove he deliberately gave her the drugs that killed her. He claimed it was an accidental overdose, but Sherlock proved it was murder.  He was guilty as sin, and a right bastard, too.”
“Thank you,” John says, looking down at him. It comes out quieter and more fond than John intended, and he has to push away a stray impulse to bend down and place a kiss on that pale forehead. Instead, he turns away, gathers his own clothing and toiletries, and heads to the loo to wash off the sweat and grime of his own long, exhausting day.
He moves away from his cock, making John huff a breath of frustration as Sherlock kisses the crease of his thigh, inhaling the warm clean musk of him, and then licking and tasting down the inside of his leg, making him squirm and groan in frustration as Sherlock takes his time, wanting to taste every inch of skin he can, enjoying the feel of John’s soft skin under his lips.
He takes a right turn, merging them onto a road taking them past huge, sweeping mirrored towers -- the Borgata and the Yacht Club on the northern end of the strip, according to Apple Maps -- and over a bridge stretched across a wide inlet of calm shining water.
Out of nowhere, John suddenly remembers Magnussen’s smug, unctuous voice in his ear as he watched Sherlock drag him out of a lit bonfire.
Sherlock doesn’t answer him right away, but he tightens his hold on John just a little, his breathing deepening as he gives the question the serious consideration it deserves.
“What’s going on up there that’s so interesting?” John asks, scratching gently at the top of his scalp with affectionate fingers.
She looks like an Elizabeth, all long dark hair and big brown eyes, shining with excitement over the start of a new term.
