“No, yes, of course I remember. Hester’s family is out of town. The Milton’s place, at seven,” he says instead.
“I gotta get to class. See you at lunch,” Hannah says and leans in for a quick kiss, which Cas answers on auto pilot, before walking off towards his class room.
I have stood on many a precipice, fallen over numerous cliffs, and landed every which way. But the most important thing that ever happened to me, was the time I found myself suspended mid fall and lost in a void.
“Hey! I made my case much more elaborately in my spoken feedback,” Cas complains in faked annoyance and shoves Dean’s side. Kevin snorts and Cas kicks his bean bag.
The city is bathed in hazy light, diffusing through a thin veil of mist that rises from the Plough River and the nearby sea shore. The atmosphere is soft and lonely, like someone was watching him grieve from afar.
That morning his mother called and demanded Cas come home after school, since his father was returning from his latest business trip. There wasn’t much choice, and Castiel accepted the depressing prospect of spending an evening around a dinner table with both of his parents.
They turn a corner and enter the grand lobby of Duke John’s High School. It’s a bright, open one story space, divided into three slightly separate wings that each branch out into hallways. The north wing hosts the cafeteria and a row of spaces with extracurricular functions, one of those being The Bunker, the student association’s space that’s designated for Seniors only. Castiel makes a beeline for it, not checking if Kevin is still following behind.
Cas pulls the condom off and throws it into the trash can. He uses a tissue from his bag to clean up and finds his last clean pair of boxers. Once he’s done and laying on the bed again, staring at the ceiling, Cas feels the hollow begin to plant roots inside him. The sex felt good, and now he feels nothing at all. Doesn’t even remember why this seemed like such a good idea.
What he does not expect is to find his mother staring at her phone in shock, her face drained of color, and her father staring at her with an equally stricken expression. A mug of coffee lays forgotten on the counter, tipped over, painting the cupboard brown.
Milling around the hallways of Duke John’s is a mixed crowd of teenagers. Some are local, among them the jocks and most average students, and others have moved from further away for it’s highly acclaimed arts and drama education.
Days fly by swiftly and before he knows it, Cas has spent nearly a week at the Winchester’s. On Sunday evening Mary spoke with his mother over the phone. Amelia caught her up on most things regarding their night out, but apparently not on some of the more delicate details. Mary wasn’t altogether pleased with them, but took pity on Castiel’s plight. It’s written between the lines, how she understands all of her boys better than she lets on.
Fingers card through his strands and Cas moves to look up, leaning back slightly for their eyes to meet, and inadvertently positions them a hair’s distance away from a kiss. He swallows, but doesn't look away. Dean’s moss green eyes are soft as they study Cas, who allows his gaze to travel down the freckled cheeks to the curve of soft, plump lips. They part, and Dean’s Adam's apple bobs visibly.
“We were dancing. You were, uh, really close to me. Like, hands around my neck and all. I didn’t mind, obviously,” Dean lets out a dry laugh. “Then you leaned in. And you know, I might’ve let it happen if it wasn’t for…”
The relief is fleeting. Renewed panic blossoms in his chest and Cas turns to stare at his bedroom door. Somewhere during the morning, his mother had seen him and Dean sleeping together, half naked and wrapped around each other.
“Hannah,” Cas says, and suddenly it’s like someone tipped a bucket full of ice water over his head. Dean nods, and looks down at his lap as he continues. “She came downstairs right then, and I hadn’t pulled away yet. We weren’t really kissing, but you were definitely trying to get there.”
At school Cas kept running away from Hannah and her friends, groveling in front of his own, and trying to ignore the stares and whispers from other students. Obviously some rumors were being spread around, and at least to Cas it felt like everyone was judging him for one thing or another.  On top of everything, Meg texted a few times over the week, managing to coax Cas into suggestive exchanges that were all kinds of wrong, yet weirdly thrilling.
Next time Castiel comes to, he’s spread across the bed on his stomach, an arm draped over Dean’s naked waist. Dean is sitting up, perched against pillows with his head leaning back on folded arms, gazing fixed down at Cas.
Not that Cas would ever say that out loud. Dean would point out that Miller used colorists, sometimes pencillers and other artists, and really maybe Dean wanted to compare himself more to O’Barr initially. More stylistic and indie, entirely self made. But since balancing between writing and drawing was out of his comfort zone, he’s more than fine becoming Lloyd to Castiel’s Moore. Also shut up Cas.
After a slow wake up and breakfast, Cas spends the morning deciphering their notes from Friday. By afternoon he’s already fixed most of the script he had for the second storyline. At the same time Dean goes through page sketches for the first one and makes some of the changes Cas requested. Mary forces them out of Dean’s room for dinner, after which they end up watching some old Star Trek DVD’s with Sam, while munching on popcorn and Skittles.
Cas feels himself throb with want as Dean’s nimble fingers glide past his straining erection. It’s  mirrored by the heat Dean radiates when Cas’ hand slides along the outlines of his cock and finally brushes over it gently. There is a release of hot air against Cas’ neck and Dean’s hips thrust into his palm, while an investigative touch charts its way up his thigh and presses against his dick in question.
Obviously Hannah has sensed at least some of the awkwardness over the last weeks, and another thing Cas is sick of, are her desperate attempts to please him at every turn. Perhaps Hannah thinks she’s failing him, or something equally untrue, that itself just makes the situation even worse.
"Sure. I do sometimes indulge in the activity. Don’t know how else you think I made it to Senior year," Crowley answers lightly.
“Had a shitty week and an even shittier day. Kicked Dean out for being an ass. Wanted the distraction,” he answers truthfully, and returns her suggestive appraise. “And you’re pretty distracting.”
Initially Cas wasn’t sure what he would do with the stories. He didn’t think they’d amount to anything, but would remain a private experiment into the worlds of horror, legends and lore. They were inconsistent and riddled with scenes he’d written purely for his own enjoyment. But after Friday, when Dean asked him for a story to draw, these were the first and only ones that popped into Castiel’s mind.
“I did,” he finally admits. Dean whoops and raises his hand for a high-five, which Cas answers with an exasperated sigh, lazily slapping their palms together.
Cas sighs contentedly as he buries deeper into the worn cushions, and lets his shoulder graze Dean’s side. Absently, Dean allows his arm to fall over his shoulder and casually forgets it there.
- Stick figure comics. I drew heaps of them of my friends. And the friend / crush we did our projects with still has them all, as well as a small, red square book with smutty drawings in them. What can I say, I was a teenager with a rampant imagination and a friend to match it.
Cas spends Saturday night curled up on the Winchester’s couch with Dean and Sam, watching B-rated horror flicks and just trying to overcome horrible physical and emotional hangovers. John offers a few snide remarks about his state, but mostly just laughs it off. Mary dotes on him as she always does, and it never fails to make Cas feel slightly better. At least here it doesn’t matter what happened in the last 24 hours of his life. She makes Cas’ regular guest bed on the extra mattress next to Dean’s double. But Dean only needs to take one look at Cas miserably hugging his pillow on the floor to drag him into the bed.
They sit in silence then, one that Cas thinks of as an unspoken conversation. They have them every now and again, when they both know what the other is feeling and neither of them wants to put it into words. Actually they do this almost every time they approach the subject of emotions, and it’s almost masterful how much they are able to fit into these silences.
It’s Dean, hollering at him from where he’s spread in his designated corner of a huge burgundy couch. Charlie waves at him from one of the bean bags laying in front of it. The couch and bean bags may be tattered and smelly, and no one wants to know what all those stains are, but over the course of the past several months, this corner has become a weird extension of home. It’s where Cas and his clan gather whenever they can, and accusing them of being territorial about it would be accurate.
“Don’t get me wrong, Cas, your parents were grade A dicks today. But I get that they’re worried. And we both know you need to do something if we wanna go to college together.” Dean avoids Castiel’s eyes as he speaks.
“Okay. Okay. Good. Thank you,” he manages finally, and tries to smile reassuringly. “Don’t worry about it, okay? We can talk more after school.”
“I’m fine, Dean. At least tonight. I don’t know so much about tomorrow or after that, though,” Cas sighs. He picks up his scotch and falls onto the bed, which releases a cloud of dust into the air.
When you read this, I want you to be aware of what an assbut you were tonight. >:( Just walked Hannah home, she’s gonna live.
Cas allows his head to flop back against the armrest and stares blankly at the ceiling. “I can’t do this day anymore. Can't it just be over so I could be miserable in peace?” he moans and drapes an arm over his eyes.
“Yeah,” Dean says and rubs his neck. “But the story just caught me, you know? I’ve worked on it a lot over the last three weeks. It’s not detailed or anything, just a rough walk through.”
"Yes, Castiel. We'll be monitoring your attendance more closely from now on. And you'll need to stop staying up late every night with Dean and the others," his mother concludes, and this time her smile definitely holds an edge of smugness.
Whatever the tension between him and Dean is, it’s not something they’ve been on the brink of addressing. More like a long, drawn out staring game, where the rules are unspoken agreements, they never talk about it, acknowledge it or do anything explicit. If you broke those rules and made this thing real, Cas believed, it would be game over.
Cas feels crushing guilt as he listens to the stories Hannah allegedly told Mrs Johnson, but has no doubt a bunch of it is just speculation, and the ladies have colored in a lot on Hannah's behalf, like a bunch of trash talking hags. Cas can deal with his peers spreading petty gossip, but finds this behavior in grown people downright repulsive.
The first thing Cas becomes aware of is his head. His skull feels tight, his mouth dry and his tongue heavy and swollen. He groans in pain as he invites movement back into the rest of his body. Every sensation is heightened; the touch of fabric on his skin, the stiffness of his limbs and the coursing of blood in his veins. But at the same time he feels oddly detached from his body.
“Uh, yeah, sorry,” Cas mumbles as he pushes off the couch. “I got sucked into an interesting conversation with Kevin and forgot.”
Before he has a chance to comment, Charlie announces excitedly, “Dean and Cas are starting a long form comic project together!”
It’s hard to define how it began, but he can distinguish his gradual shift into inadequacy, how he moved from certainty and ease into a constant struggle to overcome barriers. Nowadays there seems to be something stopping him from doing things, taking on a task and giving it his attention.
“We have supported you, Castiel, but we can’t possibly keep condoning the direction you have chosen for yourself,” his mother explains. She places a hand over Cas’ and smiles patiently. The gesture feels so contrived it makes Cas jerk his hand back like it got burned.
Cas recounts the entire evening, including the exaggerated stories concerning his and Hannah’s relationship. Dean mirrors his agitation throughout the retelling, and groans in annoyance over the parts he’s included in.
Dampening cotton, drenched in sweat and precum, provides pleasant friction, but Cas is feeling an overwhelming need to feel skin glide against skin. They are thrusting and moving more urgently now. Sweat damp chests slide together, the strain of Dean’s hard, swollen cock prominent against Cas’, and all at once he doesn’t think he can go another minute without knowing what bare flesh feels like.
"Yeah, yeah. You owe me one. And if I can't think of anything, I'll just collect your mortal soul in ten years," Crowley answers indifferently and waves them off.
Two hours fly by unnoticed. They went through all of Dean’s page drafts, and Cas couldn’t get enough of the feeling of
It was a loaded question. Saturday had been date night, and a pretty significant one at that. After months of going steady it was heavily implied what that entitled. Hannah hyped it up for weeks, trying to perfect it in every aspect, while Cas tried his best not to become overwhelmed by the pressures and expectations she built up.
“You guess, huh,” Dean says flatly when there’s no elaboration on the matter. “But you guys did do it, right? You lost your v-card?”
“You really don’t remember much, do you,” she giggles. “That’s what you said after pushing me into the closet.”
Finally Dean continues. “I don’t know what to do about all that, but I know I have to help you and be there for you.”
Castiel stands up, shaking. He folds his napkin down next to his slice of untouched blueberry pie, and stares at his parents, completely lost for words. Gathering tears sting at his eyes, but he decisively swallows down the need to cry. Instead he turns, and without another word walks through the hallway, down the stairs, straight to his still unpacked bag and out of his private back door.
“Maybe perfectly good isn’t what you need,” answers Dean, and pats his arm gently. Cas leans into it minutely and smiles that very private smile they sometimes share.
“Shit, Dean. Oh shit. What did she do?” Cas scrambles to sit up. Memories from a few hours ago flood him and he covers his face with his palms, leaning against his knees. “She broke up with me. Didn’t she?”
“And then I forced you two idiots apart, called a cab and dragged you home with me. End of fucking story,” Dean concludes.
Cas groans and throws an arm over his face as Kevin clears his throat and proceeds to read out loud.
Castiel searches Dean’s eyes and slowly breaks out in a big smile. He’s beaming back at Dean, who practically vibrates as he urges, “I know, right?”
Things implode around Cas, so the only solution he finds is to hide within his own bubble and build up his defensive walls. We also learn more about Dean's perspective on things.
Feeling the lines of Dean’s body mould against his own sends tidal waves of arousal through Cas, and he is floating, eyes closed, only focused on the physical sensations while his mind is addled and drowsy. In their warm, sleepy lull, they begin to cautiously explore each other, drawing long, lazy lines along their thighs and abdomen. It’s slow and suggestive at first, but soon gains an encouraging and daring edge, until Dean’s fingers brush tentatively along the waistband of Cas’ shorts.
Cas slides his own boxer shorts down by hand, then slips between them to release Dean from his confines, pushing his shorts away by foot in a display of agility. Dean cries out in surprise as their cocks meet, unclothed, sensitive and throbbing in the wet squeeze of their bodies. Cas senses teeth grazing his neck as they begin pushing into each other rhythmically, and he claws Dean’s back, seeking to bring them even closer together.
A throaty sound departs Cas’ lips and he rolls his hips in reply. To reaffirm consent, he smoothes up Dean’s erection from base to tip, eliciting a deep groan in response. Dean twitches eagerly through his cotton shorts as Cas caresses along the underside of his hard shaft. He finds the sensitive spot beneath the head and rhythmically applies pressure to it. Dean buries his face in the hollow of Cas' neck, panting shallowly, and begins to thumb over Cas' cock in return, each motion allowing precum to seep through the thin fabric.
The beaded curtains swing aside with their telltale clatter and Kevin hurries through, flustered. He flops onto the unoccupied bean bag next to Charlie and drops his backpack between them.
After a moment of heated fumbling they are both completely naked. Cas rips the foil open and hurriedly sheathes his cock with the thin latex. He drapes himself over Meg, spreads her legs open and teases her entrance lightly. Shallowly, he eases in just a tad, then pulls out. Pushes a little further, then retreats again, angling deeper with each nudge and reducing Meg into a panting, frustrated mess. She grabs his hips and pulls him in, slamming all the way into her in one glorious thrust.
“Yeah, sure,” he chortles, “Like when you insisted we dress up in Hogwarts costumes for the Youth Ministry's gathering, and ended up earning us lectures from Reverend Adler for, quote, imparting Satanic influences on impressionable kids?”
Now Cas finds himself sitting at the kitchen table, staring at the coffee as it swirls in his mug, like the nauseating churn of his stomach. His mother stands in front of the stove watching him, angry and disappointed, her arms crossed. His father, thankfully, is absent.
Castiel chuckles as he leans back. He’s heard this opening line countless times, and it’s never been in precedence of an actual great idea.
“What are you working on? New storylines?” asks Sam. Dean told him about the project and the story, and turns out Sam is very enthusiastic about it.
“Well, yes and no,” he frowns. “I’ve never seen you like that. It wasn’t that your dancing was awful, it was just very intimate. You know, suggestive.”
Cas has no idea what awaits him upstairs, except that it doesn’t bode well for him. And there’s no choice other than to find out. Before gathering his courage, Cas throws some of his essentials in a bag and texts Dean. Then he begins his slow, terrifying ascend upstairs.
Cas leans in, elbows to his knees and props his chin on his hands. “But it just doesn’t seem fair. She’s done nothing wrong. She’s perfectly good,” he says sullenly.
A naked arm and shoulder peek out from under Dean’s blanket, and Cas’ eyes widen. He feels his own torso, also naked, and holding his breath, carefully slides his hands down lower. Cas can't for the life of him recall coming home with Dean, let alone anything that prompted their current state. Mild panic begins to stir. Thankfully, his fingertips meet the waistband of his boxer shorts and Cas exhales in relief, but only to inhale sharply, when his palm grazes the head of his morning wood where it strains against the elastic of his boxer shorts.
The atmosphere proves to be just as chilling as Cas anticipated. His father has already learned all about the incident, and the version James received isn’t something Castiel would ever sign off on. Unfortunately Cas is given few chances to correct it, as his parents proceed to discuss his life as if he wasn’t present for it.
Meg is dressed in her usual all black. This time it’s a short leather jacket over a tank top that leaves as little to the imagination as the black denim skirt, which barely shields her upper thighs. Abused fishnet stockings wrap her legs between the frayed hemline and a pair of ratty high rise combat boots.
Slowly it dawns on Cas that he doesn’t know where he is or how he got there. It's silent, like early mornings in suburbs are, and he doesn't smell much beyond the odor of alcohol still emanating from him. There's absolutely no way to tell where he's landed. Groggy and disoriented, Cas summons up the courage to crack open an eyelid, and peeks carefully at the outside world. Immediate relief floods over him as the familiar bedding fills his vision. Light filters through the narrow windows above his bed, and the watch on his nightstand reads 9:43AM. At least he's made it home. The how of it might as well wait a few more hours.
He frowns. “I don’t know. I thought I’d feel more while, you know, doing it. And after. But I just functioned, and I didn’t feel anything. Some physical release, sure, that stuff was nice. But I thought it would’ve been-”
Cas has the decency to look ashamed. “I know, I screwed up. I apologized to Hannah and we agreed to talk once she can deal with it,” he answers, staring down his mug.
There are some missed calls from his mother, which he vaguely remembers dodging early in the evening, followed by a few more from Gabe and Dean. The timestamps read a little over 1:00 AM, which places them around the time Cas would’ve been missing. Soon enough the display starts to light up with incoming text messages, one after the other. Cas decides to wait it out, trembling, while he counts to nine separate messages.
That being said Cas did end up making a bunch of notes in blue pencil here and there, just to appear more constructive instead of a blubbering fanboy. Dean seemed pleased at that, but especially at Cas’ enthusiasm.
“You don’t seem too excited by that,” Dean observes and turns more serious. Losing your virginity is apparently something most guys are enthusiastic about, but Cas just feels like he’s completed a chore, and isn’t even that happy with the outcome.
They are so close, it only takes the slightest sway for their lips to brush. Just once at first, lightly. Then another tentative palpation, and another. Dean’s lips are soft and pliant and they yield to Castiel’s as he leans in for more. They melt together gently at first, then Dean surges forward to claim Cas’ mouth, and he surrenders willingly.
He opens the sketchbook and leafs through the first couple of pages. They’re all filled with character sketches, drawn in Dean’s detailed style that carries a unique balance between realism and caricature. It’s not as gritty as the drawings in the Miller comics he so dearly loves, but it’s dramatic enough to pack a punch.
Dean frowns. “That’s none of your parent’s business, no matter how things played out. I don’t get why they’re so involved.”
Kevin lowers the form and gives Castiel his most impressive rendition of the famous Disappointed Asian Mother Glare, a staple he usually reserves for imitating the fearsome Mrs. Tran. Dean and Charlie don’t even attempt to play cool, but instead dissolve into fits of laughter.
Dammit, she shouldn’t be the one apologizing. Cas lets out a long sigh and presses his hands against his eyes.
“How would you know? You spend all your time in Never Never Land instead of, I don’t know, paying attention!” Kevin retorts as he catches up with him. “You know, you used to be just as good as me, even last year.”
After some convincing by Mary, his mother allowed Cas to stay with the Winchesters for a bit, under the condition they go home straight after school every day. Probably since Cas has made it obvious he doesn’t respect curfews or house arrests at his own home. Typical mom. Doesn't matter where her punishment is executed, as long as she gets in the last word.
“It’s something I’ve been writing for a while. I wasn’t going to use it for anything, but then I thought the story could make a great comic,” he explains as he watches Dean open the worn cover. The first pages are covered in quick notes, symbols and references. Cas leans in and leafs through a few of those to land on the spread that details the main characters.
Dean shakes his head and laughs. “Hey, you got some of that stronger coffee, with a little extra kick? Castiel here isn’t feeling too preppy today, and I could use a little pick me up myself,” he asks with a wink, and Cas swears it makes Ash blush a little.
Convinced, Cas finally breaths a content sigh, closes his eyes and relaxes against the touch. He decidedly ignores what it does to his dick.
“Nothing wrong with revealing your tastes in porn. I personally prefer gang bangs.” Meg shrugs nonchalantly. “Now we’re even.”
“I wonder if you’d be more understanding of my mistakes if I simply tried to play nice for the rest of the time,” says Cas, tilts his head to the side and feigns curiosity. “You know, if I dressed for Sunday school, listened to radio pop and pretended to be happy in a relationship a bit longer.”
“Me, Charlie, Jo and Gabe dealt with the fallout upstairs and you disappeared. Charlie and Jo walked Hannah home. Then we started looking for you. Gabe even rode out on his bike to search around the neighborhood. Eventually I found you and Meg in this small closet beneath the staircase, making out,” Dean fixes his narrowed eyes on Cas. “Hand up her skirt and all. I would’ve been impressed if I wasn’t so fucking ashamed of you right then.”
Finally Cas stops tapping his notebook nervously, and looks up. The brothers have paused the DVD and are both staring at him intently. Oh well, he might as well give them something.
Kevin, Gabe, Charlie and Jo are all spread out on the small couch in a tangle of limbs, while Hannah perches on the armrest slightly awkwardly. She sags in relief as Cas enters, and gives him a sideways hug from where she’s sitting.
“Let’s see. We arrived at Hester’s and you pretty much immediately declared that the world could go fuck itself, and that you were going to just let go. Everyone else agreed that you pretty much had already.” Dean smiles slightly. “We tried to cut you off, but you kept insisting you were barely tipsy. Then Meg, Michael and those folks set up the dance floor downstairs. You went with them and a bunch of others.”
Just as he’s relaxing back against his pillow, he senses the mattress dip beneath him. Frowning, Cas makes a slow effort to turn around. For a moment he is convinced he’ll meet Hannah’s stern eyes staring at him, disappointed at him for whatever shenanigans landed him here without recollections. Who else would drag him home and wake up in his bed afterwards? But it's not her. Instead Cas is met by the sight of Dean’s sleeping features smushed into a pillow, not a foot away from his own.
Dean walked through the doors of his Alma Mater and headed to the auditorium. So many memories all at once. Him and the football team, his friends, Cas… He sighed as he walked on. He pushed the doors open and stepped into the auditorium.
When they arrived at their floor, Josh handed them a few room keys. “Okay, here are your keys. We're gonna go get ready. See you downstairs in couple hours!” Josh and the rest of Marianas Trench walked to their suite. Cas and the others walked to their own door. Cas put the key in and took a deep breath. The room was huge. It had a kitchenette, dining room, living room, and a hallway down to the three bedrooms. “Fuck. Yes.” Cas stepped in and stared. He turned to Dean. “I have no words.” "So this is what it's like to be a rock star." Adam said pushing past Cas. "If this is what it's like, sign me up right now." Cas said. Cas jumped onto one of the beds and laid on his back. "I could get used to this.""Hey check it out! We have fans!" Adam said looking out over the balcony. Cas got up and went to the balcony. Leaning over the railing. The people started screaming when they saw Cas. "Hey! Calm the fuck down!" He yelled with a smile."Jesus it's only been twenty-four hours and these people are going ape shit." He looked at the guys. "We could totally do a music video!" He turned around. "CHARLIE!""Yeah?" She popped her head out of the door to the balcony. "You called, asshat?""We're doing a music video. You stay up here and film. Meg can take the other camera and go down to the crowd film them and us." "What song boss?" Adamasked. "Stutter." He turned to Meg. "Before we start, go grab like ten people down there and bring them up here. Oh shit! I should get Josh in on this!" Jeff piped up from the back. "Is this even allowed?!"
Dean backed up and stared at the door. He took a deep breath. And then he ran full speed into the door, crashing through it. Dean realized he was in a side room off of the kitchen. He turned and headed toward Cas' room.
Cas wasn't listening. He was staring out the booth window at Dean, whose green eyes were all lit up with that smile that let Cas know that he was truly happy. Cas smiled back, then interrupted the band and Mike.
"Whoa, you have a dog." The German Shepherd puppy lifted her head and sniffed in Dean's direction. "Yeah. She won't bite. She's probably gotten your sent off me by now. That's why she's sniffing. To see if she knows you. Her name is Mystic by the way." Mystic laid her head back down on the couch.
I take you, D-Dean, as my husband and partner in l-life." He was shaking and couldn't make it stop. He glanced at Dean. Dean smiled at him and gave a small nod to reassure him. Cas exhaled again. When did he stop breathing?
"Don't you move, can't you stay were you are just for now. I can be you perfect disaster. You can be my ever after." Cas sang out. His voice echoed off the walls. "Oh yeah!" He took a drink of water. "If that doesn't get Marilyn Monroe to show herself, she hasno taste in music."
"So Dean got upset when you told him about the tattoo?" Cas asked. "Very." John replied. "To be honest, I got upset as well when my mom told me. For a long time, I though I would never see Dean again. I came back here looking for him when I heard someone say he was going to school at the University of Michigan. So I went back. I heard about a soul mate party going on at the University and took a chance. I didn't even recognize him. I should have known he would come looking for me."
"Four people, six beers." He shook his head and looked at Dean. "It's cute how they're trying so hard."
Cas flashed a crooked grin. Dean knew that smile all too well. It was a sign that Cas was up to no good as usual. Dean rolled his eyes. "Or we could get some breakfast with Charlie and Meg then cause more trouble and give our agents heart attacks." Dean suggested. Cas' wicked smile grew. "I knew there was a reason I fell in love with you."
"I did do the same. I went to Lawrence about three weeks ago." Dean almost choked on his roll. "What?" Cas reached in his pocket as he spoke. "You said you'd wait for me there." He put a worn piece of paper in front of Dean. "I did. I thought...maybe..." Dean looked down at the paper.
Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight Just a touch of the fire burning so bright No I don't want to mess this thing up I don't want to push too far Just a shot in the dark that you just might Be the one I've been waiting for my whole life So baby I'm alright, with just a kiss goodnight
"Let's do this!" Cas grabbed Dean by the hand and walked out of the room behind Josh, the band and Charlie and Meg following. As they reached the ballroom, Cas stopped and took a deep breath.
"Yeah... they're downright adorable." Dean squared up to break the rack he had set up. Castiel leaned against the pool table. "This is awkward isn't it?"
"Castiel, he wasn't all over that guy. That guy made a series miscalculation and made move on him. He punched him in the face and ran after you." Cas looked at her. "He punched the guy?"
Dean trotted off the field and took his helmet off. He wiped the sweat from his face and gulped down some of his water. He saw Jaxon out of the corner of his eye; he was heading his way. Dean stood up and flipped a middle finger at Jaxon,  who rolled his eyes and walked away.
"Please, spandex is way better." He gave Dean a quick kiss. "Gotta go. I have to go tell the principal and give him time to decide."
Dean let the sensation take him over. He opened his eyes and looked at Cas, watching Cas' muscles tense and relax as he pushed in more. Cas let out a soft moan and lifted his hips, spurring Dean on. He pushed in the rest of the way and worked his hips back and forth as he lowered himself on Cas.
Cas laughed. "Yeah, I remember. His sixth birthday your parents hired a clown and it scared the shit outta him. That clown was creepy though."
Cas nodded again, absently running his fingers along the wooden bed frame, feeling something carved into it. He tilted his head as he looked down.
"By finding your mom. Followed her for a few days. Then I saw her pick you up in Kansas City. Why were you in rehab?"
They only took small breaks, pushing on as much as they could. Dean was actually impressed with Castiel who didn't speak or complain.
Naturally, Dean won. "Bet you can't jump of when you're really high!" Cas dared, like he always used to. Dean pushed himself off the swing, flew a few feet and, like always, landed on his feet. It was a lot easier to do when your a lot taller. Dean bowed and Cas clapped. "I honestly thought you wouldn't land on your feet this time." He laughed.
"Okay, so they'll come get you guys when it's time. It's gonna be amazing!"Josh and the band started to head out. Suddenly, Josh turned to Dean. "They have a special place for you and Charlie to watch so you can see him onstage, because I'm sure you don't want to miss it. This is magic!"
Cas turned back to cabinet, going over every color. He finally chose one and handed it to Ellen along with the other supplies. Dean looked at it then to Cas. “Green? Why green?”
Cas looked at his friends. "I'm stayin." Charlie squealed and jumped on him, giving him a tight hug. "Jesus calm down!" Cas laughed. Charlie kept her hold on him.
"I want you to stay, too. But someone has to be the first ever freshman starting QB for the Longhorns."
“Guess so.” Cas rubbed his neck and looked back at Charlie, who saluted him with a smartassed smile on her face. Cas flipped her off and smiled back before climbing into the car.
He slid in the seat in front of Cas. "Sorry I'm late. Class got out late." Cas looked up at Dean and closed his menu, smiling. "I figured that when you text me twenty times." He mused. Dean blushed. "Too much?" He shifted. He had never been on a date before. Cas shook his head. "No Dean. It's fine." His smile reached his eyes, like it did when they were kids. Dean rubbed the back of his neck. "Sorry. This is all foreign to me." Cas took a drink of his water before saying, "It is to me too, but if it wasn't meant to be Dean, we wouldn't be here." Dean looked at the bright blue design on his wrist. It was true. If it wasn't meant to be, it would be glowing. It wouldn't have began to glow ten years ago on a playground.
Cas climbed on RJ as the trumpets sounded. He patted the horse as they made their way to the start gate, being led by another horse and rider. "RJ, what does that stand for?" The rider asked. "River Junior." Cas replied.
Dean took a quick shower after practice and got dressed in record speed. He put the strap of his duffle bag on his shoulder and walked out to the parking lot where Cas was waiting. Dean assumed Charlie went home or took off with Meg. "Ready?" He opened the door for Cas and took his crutches, putting them in the back seat before he got in. "Where to?" Cas asked. Dean smiled and started the Impala, putting it in reverse and backing out. "You'll see when we get there. It's a surprise."
Cas was just getting dressed when Ellen walked in. Cas sighed and looked at the ceiling. "Alright. Let's hear it." He looked at her. "I know you're pissed." She didn't say anything. She walked over to him and hugged him. "I'm just glad you're okay Cas." Cas put his arms around her and buried his face in her shoulder. "Me too. Thanks." He exhaled, which was followed by a cough. He stomped his foot. Ellen pulled back and messed up Cas' hair.
Suddenly, his dad smiled. He walked around the counter and pulled Dean into a hug. "I'm proud of you son. Doing something with your life." Dean hugged him back. "Thanks dad."
"You know Dean, I know you went through something traumatic the other day. But that shouldn't keep you from eating."
"Quarter after three in the morning. Ellen went home a few hours ago. I told her I'd call if there was any change." Dean just nodded.
Dean smiled. "I'd have to say the same." He handed Cas his phone. "You ask some." Cas took the phone and scrolled for a second. "Okay, if you could take me on a road trip, where would we go?"
The Beta pounded on the door and in came another man holding a clipboard. When Cas sniffed out of habit, he smelled cotton candy and brown sugar. He looked up, the newcomer was definitely an Omega.
"Wait, isn't that the woman that hit on you last time?" Charlie exclaimed. Cas look a closer look. "Well isn't it just a small world." He smiled. He looked around the packed bar, already noticing a few paparazzi. He looked at Dean and smiled. "Seems the bouncer let slip my whereabouts." He wagged his eyebrows. "Party time."
Dean leaned over and kissed Cas. "You look amazing. Really. And don't lie. If you didn't want to wear the shoes, you would have got your Converse." Dean eyed Cas. Cas rolled his eyes. "Whatever. Just... just drive." Cas looked over at Dean and stifled a moan. Dean was wearing a dark grey button down that was tighter fit than his normal shirts, so you could see his muscular figure underneath. He had to have done that on purpose, Cas thought.
Soon, it was Dean and Cas left. They went over to their tree in the courtyard.Dean sat in the grass, Cas sat on his lap so that he was facing Dean and layed his head on his chest."Your speech was amazing by the way." Dean said in to his hair. Cas smiled. "Not bad for making it up on the spot. Still, I meant every word. High schoolmay have sucked most of the time for me, but I'll never forget it." Dean kissed Cas on the forehead. "When do you leave for LA?"
Dean stood up, turning to Alec. “And how exactly are you a fucking expert all the sudden? You've never had a mate either.”
Dean had climbed into the driver's seat. He exhaled and looked out of the window. "Fine. I'll take you home."
"Please. I knew it would. Seeing Dean miserable and hearing you being so miserable… I had to do something. It’s my duty as your older brother to make sure your best interests are taken care of."
Dean didn't want to hear any more, he couldn't. He was disgusted with his brother. He swung his fist, connecting with Alec's jaw. The room was dead silent. Alec turn his head back to Dean, moving his jaw with his hand then spit a little blood on the floor.
Two hours later, their moms walked in. Both boys jumped to their feet. "So that was fun. The school board called an emergency PTA meeting-"
"I can't mom. Prom is in two fucking hours, I can't find a good outfit and I think I'm having a panic attack because I'm an idiot and I don't do dances. I play music. It's what I'm good at." He threw a shirt across the room. Naomi laughed. "Let me tell you a little secret baby boy, Dean doesn't care if you can't dance. He just want to share this special night with you."
Dean smiled and shook his head, pulling Cas in. "So, I take it I did okay with winning that contest, then?"
“Yup. Cleaned it up, too.” Cas put his hands on his hips. Dean looked around the room. “I see that. Nice. I love it. So, uh… what’s the occasion?”
He shover his phone back in his pocket. He opened the tiny baggie and dumped the contents on the desk and made two lines instead of one.
Cas removed his swollen cock from Dean and turned Dean so they were facing each other. He slid back into Dean and took Dean's erection in his hand.
Cas and the band set up for the concert. Most of the kids from prom were attending. He had just finished setting up his mic stand when the kids filtered in. He took off his vest and his blue button up to reveal a white tank top underneath. He changed out of his dress pants and shoes into his favorite pair of black worn skinny jeans with a hole at the left knee and his converse.
A few minutes later, he pulled in front of his uncle's shop. "Why are we at an auto shop?" Dean just smiled and got out. He walked around and opened Cas' door the grabbed his crutches and handed them to him. "Follow me." He led the way around the back. He unlocked the door and they went inside. Cas noticed the shop was empty except for whatever was under a blue tarp in the middle of the garage. Dean walked over to it. Cas, however, stayed put. Dean pulled the tarp off to reveal Cas' motorcycle. Cas looked at him and smiled. "No way. You fixed it?" He moved closer.
Cas rubbed the back of his neck with his hand. "I can't even be mad at you. You're right. I was miserable. I needed to come back and I was ignoring it. You said Dean was miserable, too?"
Cas seemed to relax a bit after his shower. Funny thing was, Dean really didn't mind that Cas had seen him naked. He thought back to the look on Cas' face. Before looking shocked and embarrassed, he looked...for a split second...like he liked what he saw.
Cas smirked. “You’re welcome.” He planted his head in Dean’s chest and fell asleep to the sound of Dean’s snoring.
“I told you so.” Dean pulled Cas in and kissed him. Cas pulled back and took Dean by the hand. “Come on. I want a picture of us and RJ.” They stood on the platform with RJ's face between them, Cas holding his trophy and Dean holding RJ. Then Cas had Naomi join them. Cas was as high as a kite and nothing, not even Crowley, could bring him down.
Ten minutes later he was knocking on Cas' door. As soon as the door opened, he pushed past Rob and made his way to the the stairs. Rob grabbed his arm. "Who the fuck are you?" Dean turned around slowly and looked at him. "Let go of me you sorry excuse of a human being." His voice cold and deadly. Rob flinched, but didn't let go. Dean simply pulled his arm free and continued to the stairs. "Julie, call the police." Dean stopped and turned around, smiling. "Yeah Julie. Call the cops. I'm sure they'd love to take both of you in for child abuse and child molestation. Not to mention the drugs that you have sitting on the table." Both of them stared at him. "Yeah, that's what I though. Free rids over fuckers. Cas isn't living here anymore." Rob grabbed him and pinned him against the wall. "See, I was hoping you would do something like this, because now the ass kicking I'm about to give you is self defense." Dean shoved Rob off him. Rob punched Dean in the face. Dean tackled him to the floor and started punching him in the face. "Dean!" His uncle pulled him off Rob before he did any life threatening. "Hey, calm down kid! You're here to get Cas' things not kill his foster dad!" Dean dealt one final blow in the form of a kick to Rob's head then let Bobby drag him up the stairs to Cas' room. Dean had managed to grab Cas' keys before Bobby took the bike to the shop.
The room erupted with cheers and screams. Josh grabbed the mic. "Okay so, I'm gonna let Join The Hunt take the stage because Warner Bros wants to hear more from them. What about you?" He held the mic out. Everyone cheered. "Alright then. Take it away boys."
"Still. I won't let my son get told he can't do something just because he's gay. I'll be back soon." Dean watched as his mom walked out of the house. He heard her car pull away. He dialed Cas."
"Well, I am pretty amazing." Dean took Cas' hand and they walked out of the booth. The other members said goodbye to Dean and see you later to Cas. The pair left the building and got into Cas' car, driving back to Cas' house.
"And now, back to the studio tomorrow to finish the album. Because the deadline is in like two days and we're still not done." They spent another five hours or so working in the studio. The rest of the guys filed out of the room."See ya in a while, Cas!""Yup. I'll be home soon. Bye."Dean walked over to Cas. "This was fun." Cas leaned so his head was resting on Dean's shoulder. "Definitely. I'm really glad you came to visit. I put on a good face, but it's been tough not being with you."
"I thought we've been over this, it hasn't been fully proven." He lowered himself to his knees, Dean watched. To be honest, this was kind of hot. And looking down into Cas' electric blue eyes didn't help. "I see you like this game Winchester." Cas mused before flicking his tongue across the tip of Dean's dick. Dean closed his eyes for just a second, then Cas put his mouth around his tip and slowly moved down the shaft. Dean grabbed onto the sink, his head fell back with a moan. He pushed his hips forward. Causing Cas to take more, and he did. Cas took damn near all of it. Dean bit his lip to keep from crying out. Cas moved back and forth along the shaft, and all Dean could do was hold on to the sink for dear life. Cas worked his tongue around the tip, moving back down. He dragged his teeth up the shaft, Dean couldn't help but let a moan escape. "Fuck Cas!" Cas just smiled and continued, moving faster since time was not on their side. He would have loved to have just taken his time and send Dean to the moon, but they only had minutes. Cas worked his hand and mouth faster. Dean moved his hips in rhythm. "God Cas I'm gonna come!" He breathed. Cas hummed in response, letting him know he was free to. The hum sent vibrations down Dean's shaft. Dean grabbed Cas' hair and pulled him away a fraction of a second before he was coming. "Cas..." His head fell forward. Cas looked up at him and smiled.
Cas was sitting backstage, minutes before the show was supposed to start. He was sitting with his arms on his legs. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly before opening his eyes and looking up.
"Haven't decided yet. I don't want to show them up. There are other ways I can make a statement, anyway."
Cas fell asleep on the couch. Charlie had just gotten up to go to bed when her phone vibrated in her pocket. She moved to the other room and answered.
Cas and Dean were sitting at one of the tables. "Can we leave yet?" Cas just wanted to get to the after party and play some music. Dean checked his phone for the time. "Yeah, sure. Let's get out of here. After Prom is gonna be in the high school gym. Charlie has already passed on the word that you guys are gonna play."
Alphas, Cas learned, are not really permitted to roam about the compound. Especially since one had escaped a few months ago. Cas smiled to himself, knowing exactly which Alpha they were talking about.
Dean smiled and pulled almost completely out, then drove himself fast into Cas, nailing that sweet spot deep inside. Cas yelled out and strained his neck back. Dean laughed. "You sure about that?" Cas opened his eyes. "Okay, maybe you did." He said breathlessly. Dean smiled and repeated the action. Again, Cas cried
He put the keyboard in front of him. "Okay, so as some of you know, I kinda disappeared after my mom died a few months ago, and ended up in the hospital because I'm a dumb ass and overdosed. Anywhore, this song kinda reflects that."
"Hey maybe I can call Meg and we can finally play the game we talked about all those years ago." Cas turned in the seat and looked at her. "You and Meg still going? Damn I'm impressed."
“I don't think that'll happen to you. I mean to an extent, yeah you'll be more protective of your mate.”
Cas woke up 3 hours later. First thing he did was text Dean. "Hey, baby. Sorry about this morning. You know I get grumpy when I'm woke up before I'm ready. Miss ur face. I love you."He put the phone back on the nightstand and got up, pulling on skinny jeans and a black tshirt.
"You. Those eyes. I've really missed you, Castiel." Dean touched Cas' cheek with his fingers, kissing him again.
The last clip was the boys sitting in front of the couch. "Okay, next question." Cas said aking a drink of Mountain Dew. "Okay, where do you see yourself in five years?"
Cas smiled the best he could when he figured out what Dean was getting at. Then he spoke with a wrecked voice. "I... want you. I want to feel you inside me..." He lifted his hips from the hood of the car.
They finished their food and headed out to watch Marianas Trench play their set. It was amazing. The way Josh and the guys worked the crowd was amazing. Song after song, it just kept getting better. Finally, it was time to count down to the new year.
"Winchester." Cas opened the box and flashed his blue eyes back at Dean, smiling from ear to ear. Dean
They climbed in to Meg's '93 Honda Civic and headed off to the party. Listening to 80's and 90's rock. They hardly listened to any bands that appeared after the year 2000.
Cas looked at the camera. "With my band touring and," He looked at Dean. "With you." Dean smiled and moved closer, kissing Cas. Cas returned the kiss and they pulled back. Dean looked at the camera. "Uh, I see myself playing pro football with this moron cheering me on in the stands."
Cas tilted his head back. "God Dean.....So good!" Digging his blunt nails into the bedding, biting his lips as even more moans filled the room as Dean continued to push all the right buttons. Dean had him right were he wanted him. Cas knew he wasn't going to let him off that easy, and he didn't. He stopped, knowing Cas was so close to the edge. He leaned over and brushed his lips down Cas' jaw to his neck. Waiting, pulling Cas from the edge. Cas didn't know whether to curs or praise Dean for this action. They were still for only seconds, but to Cas it felt like hours. Then, mercifully, Dean continued. Pulling out almost all the way and slowly pushing back in until his dick hit the spot just hard enough. Dean pulled out just enough so he wasn't touching the bundle of nerves, then pushed in. He kept repeating this until Cas was a mess underneath him. Eyes closed, biting his lip, arching his back, and moaning Dean's name. Cas begged for release, but at the same time he didn't want it to end. He just wanted to be there, on the bed with Dean, having Dean make love to him forever.
Cas stopped, smiling through tears at the words on the paper. He could imagine Dean sitting on his bed writing on a hardcover book, smiling as he wrote.
It was Dean's first day of school without Cas. He looked at the empty desk next to him, Cas' desk. He clenched his teeth and balled his hands into fists, forcing himself to look away.
"Yeah, but until then I'll just laugh at you." Dean shook his head and poured another cup of coffee. "Speaking of which, what about you Sammy? Find your soul mate yet?" Dean walked back to the couch and sat down. "Actually yeah." Dean raised his eyebrows. "Really?" He took a sip. Sam smiled. "Yeah. Her name is Jess." Dean lowered the cup. "How did you two meet?"
Cas crossed his arms. “She’s pretty smart. Could be hiding something. You know, she IS a lot like me…” Dean hit Cas on the top of the head with the diary.
He returned to his swing and looked at Cas. He noticed something odd, his tattoo was glowing. "Whoa! Cas! Your tattoo! It's glowing!" Cas quickly rolled up his sleeve to reveal the eloquent design was, indeed, glowing bright blue. "Wow!" He exclaimed. Dean reached out to it, marveling at the simple beauty of it. "Dean! Your's is glowing too!" He too, rolled up his sleeve. They were the exact same design and glowing the same color. "What does it mean?" Dean looked at Cas. "Maybe it means we're superheros!"
Cas was in the shower. Dean grabbed his overnight bag and opened it, pulling out some candles. He set them in different places around the room and lit them. He then turned off the lights and waited. He heard Cas turn off the shower. Dean's heart started racing. Cas opened the door, wearing nothing but a towel that was wrapped around his waist.
"Please stop calling me that. Anyway, I'm about two hours out. See you soon.” Cas tossed the phone back to its place on the passenger seat. He let out a sigh.
"You want your son to be happy? Well guess what? He is happy. Whether he's out riding his horse, working the ranch, being with his friends, or even lying in bed with me at night, that man can barely contain how freaking happy he is since he came back. And ya know what, if you can't accept him and his happiness, then I don't want you coming near him ever again."
A little while later Dean finished with his meal. He set the table and set the food on the table. "Alright, soup's on." He wiped his hands on the towel he had half tucked in his pocket. "This looks very good honey." Mary complimented. They all sat down and helped themselves. "Wow, this is good Dean. You've outdone yourself." Sam said. Cas took a bite. Dean watched his reaction. "This is really good." He said. Dean smiled. "There is a reason why these two say I'm better, but we all know I'm not."
"Okay, so a majority of it will be on the balcony and split between the band and the crowd outside. Halfway through, I'll be walking down the hall with a lot of people and we'll end up on the stage. What I need you to do is let the people outside in when Meg gives you the signal and you act like their running you over. Then you join me on stage for the last chorus."
"I'm serious. You're obviously not alright with it and... I can't live with myself if you're feeling like that and I'm hundreds of miles away."
So...Thought's? I tried to hint at Alec's intentions in the last chapter. How ya feeling about Alec right now? Leave a comment!
Gordon looked at Dean. "Has Castiel ever cooked for you? He's a wonder in the kitchen. Seriously talented. If he ever decided to change careers, I'd train him myself."
Cas was doing another shot when he heard the Nine Inch Nails kick on. He did yet another shot when the lyrics came on.
They followed Josh through the sea of people. They all got in the elevator. "If you have to fart, blame it on Matt." Josh said hitting the button for the top floor. "He can just make another science hour out of it." Cas said. "The party is downstairs but I figured you guys would want to crash out here instead of going back to Lawrence. We have the whole top floor. Two penthouse suites one for us, one for you."
He got up and walked to his room. Dean pushed him against the wall. "Bout time." He pressed his lips to Cas'. Cas returned the kiss. They were already clawing at each others clothes. Dean took Cas' vest off and made quick work of his white button up and tie. He ran his fingers down Cas torso down to his black pants.Cas bit lightly Dean's neck, following with slow kisses up to his chin and finally his mouth, where he sucked his bottom lip. Dean had undone Cas' pants and was working them down to the floor. Cas ran his hands up Dean's spine, digging his fingernails into Dean's skin. He rolled his hips against Dean's.
Dean and Charlie acted like they were play fighting and Dean bumped into Mr Surley, spilling his punch on him. Dean turned around and grabbed a bunch of napkins. Cas walked over to the punch bowl and emptied the flask. Cas and Dean locked eyes. Cas winked at him and walked away. "I'm really sorry Mr Surley." Dean said as he pulled Charlie away.
"Drunk? Yeah. Completely obliterated. They probably should have stopped serving me at some point but apparently they didn't. And I was by myself and figured I could make it home. I must have been going like ninety or so around that curve. I blacked out."
Cas put his hand on the railing and made his way (very slowly) down the stairs. He could see his mom trying not to laugh at his over dramatic entrance. He just made it to the bottom step when he tripped over his shoe and fell into Dean.
Charlie put a hand on Cas' back and led him to the couch. "Are... are you sure? Because that doesn't sound like the Dean I talked to earlier today."
"Calling your mom. You're going to rehab. Today. Go grab your shit. Don't make me hunt you down Novak."
Gordon kissed the girls' hands and shook hands with Dean. Then he gave Castiel a quick hug. "Well I need to he getting back to my staff but if you need anything at all or have any requests, just ask. Anything ."
Adam grabbed Cas again but this time, he dragged Castiel to the water. "This time, I'll make sure you die."
Cas swallowed. “Yeah, but it still hurts. If I had just stood up to my parents and stayed here... I wanted to come back, you know. But I thought it was too late. That everyone hated me.”
Cas had forgotten how good Dean felt inside him. He wrapped his legs around Dean’s waist, pushing him deeper. "Oh, it's like that?" Dean whispered. Cas opened his eyes. "Well, it has been twelve years." Dean grabbed Cas' legs and pushed them to his chest, driving himself further inside Cas and hitting the sweet spot. Cas squeezed his eyes shut and moaned loudly. "There it is." Dean whispered.
"Just the usual. Can't sing, so I can't work. Which means I just sit here. And you're leaving for training and I'm gonna be stuck here all by myself."
Dean rolled his eyes. “I told you. It’s normal. When she starts sneaking around and wearing the same outfit two days in a row, then game on. But right now we’re putting this back.”
"If you keep making music like this, you'll have no problem in this business." Cas leaned forward in his chair. "If I may sir, the reason why we let our music do the talking is because we didn't want to ride on the coat tails of Marianas Trench. We wanted to make our own name and identity. Not just be known as the kids who got a shot because of Josh."
Later that day, Dean was at his second practice of the day. He was right on time for the morning practice. He was playing a lot better that day. Maybe because Cas was awake and just as a smart ass as ever. Almost like what happened a week ago didn't effect him. He wasn't sure if it really hadn't or if Cas was just hiding how much it did effect him. Dean took his helmet off and sat down. Grabbing his bottle of Gatorade and took a drink. "Good job out there Winchester." His coach slapped him on the back. "Yeah, way to play with that ball Winchester." Dean turned around to see Cas and Charlie standing about ten feet way. Dean stood up and walked over to them. "What are you doing here Cas? Shouldn't you be in the hospital?" Cas shrugged. "I busted out." Dean narrowed his eyes.
"Alright back to work guys." Michael said. Cas threw Adam's pick back at him, still smiling then turned back to the paper in front of him. He put his pick between his teeth and wrote a few things down, immediately getting back to business.
Dean leaned in and kissed Cas on the mouth. Cas deepened it when he felt Dean melt into him. Cas smiled against Dean's lips. This is exactly where he wanted to be for the rest of his life.
"Yeah, and most of them don't even know who Josh is." Cas said. "They just know he's famous and they think jumping on the bandwagon will somehow change the fact that they've ignored me for the past six years."
Dean moved his hand slowly down Cas' side, from his shoulder to his hip, and then in between his thighs. He smiled again as Cas let out another moan.
"Yeah... Should probably shower first. I don't think showing up smelling like sex and dried cum is appropriate."
"Alright, ladies. Me and my handsome boyfriend are going out for a minute. We'll meet up for dinner later. In the lobby. Wear something fancy."
“Okay, we stick to the woods and back roads til we get into Kansas City. When we get there, Sam, you'll get the medical supplies, Bobby, Benny, and I will handle the rest.”
Dean could handle people calling him names, but one thing he wasn't about to let stand was this jerk-off call Cas a freak. Dean got in the kid's face.
Cas stepped away from the mic. The small crowd cheered. Some holding up signs that say "I love you Cas" and "I'll be your ever after." Cas smiled as he looked out.
Dean honked the horn of the Impala. Cas rolled down the window and sat. "Charlie! Get your ass out here!" He yelled, banging on the hood as Dean honked more. Charlie opened her window. "What the hell guys?"
As soon as class ended, they boys followed Charlie to her house so she could get her things. Meg would meet them in Kansas City later that night. Charlie walked to the car with a blue, pink, and purple plaid duffle bag. She threw it in the back seat and got in. "Let's go bitches." Dean smiled and took off down the road.
"I don't know what to say." Cas finally said. He looked back down at it. It looked exactly like the pictures but with no color. "I love it."
Charlie linked arms with Cas and batted her eyes at him. “Pretty, pretty, pretty please?! I mean, I know you and Dean are back together and all but you had to have had some romantic encounters since you’ve been gone.”
The reporter smiled. "I think I speak for everyone when I say that it is amazing to see the two of you so happy together. You come from such different backgrounds and yet it seem to work."
"Fine, fine!" Cas carefully tore the paper back and opened the box. His eyes lit up. A shiny gold band with two gemstones set in it looked up at him. "Dean, what...?"Dean licked his lips. "It's a promise ring. Because I promise to never leave you. Ever."
"Fuck my life!" Cas shouted, throwing his hands in the air. He paced for a second before letting RJ out of his stall. He mounted the horse and took off; no saddle, no reins, just holding tight to the horse's' mane and using leg commands. He sped out of the barn, needing to get into the cool morning air. It was all too much. Too many emotions at one time.
Dean, Charlie, Meg, Adam, and Benny were all at the pool hall. Benny snuck a few beers from the bartender as he usually did. "This isn't as much fun when you're missing a member." Charlie sighed. Dean leaned over the pool table. "Not much we can do Charlie. It's been a year. I think it's safe to say he ain't comin back." Dean took his shot and accidentally sunk the eight ball. "Dammit."
Cas started kissing and biting at Dean’s hips and groin. Dean let out a quiet moan as he felt Cas’ lips graze his swollen cock. Then he felt Cas slip his hands under his buttocks and give them a squeeze, followed by Cas sinking his mouth down onto his cock and moving his tongue around the flesh. Dean moved his hips in rhythm with Cas’ mouth.
His door opened. "What's going on in here?" Naomi asked. "I'm all over the Internet that's what's going on!" She looked at his computer then to him. "And you were worried." She walked over to him, hugged him, and kissed his head. "This calls for your favorite breakfast. Then your favorite lunch. And your favorite dinner." She ruffled his hair."All the things!" Cas yelled, throwing his hands in the air. Dean leaned over and kissed him. "Good job, babe."
“I was thinking we could go brush the horses before we take off with everyone for the night. I didn’t really get to spend a lot of time with them earlier .”
Dean couldn't wait any longer. They were finally alone, and Dean had a chance to do what he hadn't done in twelve years. He reached his arm around Cas' waist and pulled him almost off of the hood of the Impala, kissing him. Cas opened up to Dean, letting him explore his mouth with his tongue. Dean felt Cas' hands making their way up his torso, slowly, as if they hadn't been there before. Dean decided he'd cut Castiel some slack; it had been a long time. He pulled Cas’ shirt over his head and dropped it to the ground. Cas moved so he was off of the hood, standing up against Dean. He worked his hands under Dean's shirt again, this time forcing it over Dean's head and letting it fall to the ground. Castiel pulled Dean to him so that there was no space between them at all, just skin on skin in the mid summer night air. Cas thrust his tongue into Dean’s mouth for a few seconds, then pulled back, biting at Dean's bottom lip. The sound that came from Dean was damn near primal.
Dean and Meg walked next to each other during the tour of the campus. They became fast friends. "So what are you studying?" Meg asked as they walked into the Starbucks they had on campus. "Film. What about you?" She shrugged, ordering her coffee. Dean ordered his and they looked for an empty table. "Photography. I've always liked taking pictures. There's just something about capturing a moment. It stays forever in a picture." Dean smiled. They sat and talked even after their coffee was gone. Dean had told her he was gay when the subject of if he had someone. She nodded. "So a boyfriend back home then?" Dean shook his head.
"Nah, it's like riding a bike, you never forget how." Cas rolled his eyes and continued swinging. Dean had a different idea. He grabbed some snow and packed it into a ball, throwing it at Cas. It hit him right in the chest. Cas stopped swinging and looked a Dean who was now doubled over in laughter. Cas got off the swing and made a snowball of his own. "What are you laughing at?" He threw it, hitting Dean in his abdomen. Now Cas was laughing.
"So I've heard." They sat in silence again for a couple of minutes. Cas took Dean's hand and gave it a squeeze. "If you don't want to talk about it right now, I get it. But I'm here when you're ready." Dean put his head on Cas' shoulder.
Dean shook his head and laughed. “Babe. I appreciate the offer, but you need to sleep. Really. Please.” Dean set the now clean dishes on a towel and walked over to Cas, kissing him on the forehead. “Now get upstairs.”
He looked at Cas' left hand; he was still wearing his ring. Dean shook him again. "Cas..." he said a little louder.
"Shut the fuck up, Dean Henry." Cas pulled away from Dean's mouth and feasted on his chest, biting at his nipples as he went. Dean's head fell back to the door, a moan slipped past his lips. Cas unbuttoned and unzipped Dean's jeans, yanking them down to his ankles. He moved back up to Dean's neck, biting and sucking the skin.
"Bullshit I can’t! That's my husband! I'm going in there!" He tried to get free. He could hear machines going off and everyone was running around and...was someone doing CPR?
"Stupid, reckless, and irresponsible. You always have been." She turned her nose up at him. "No, it was stupid and irresponsible of you to take him the way you did. I know you had some idea of what was really going on. Why we always wore long sleeves and refused to leave each other? My parents sure caught on quick when I turned thirteen. I'm sure Cas acted the same way I did when he found out. I think you knew right then what I was to Cas."
"Well, it was gonna be. And then I found out that I'd have to live there most of the year and that just doesn't work so I sighed closer to home."
"Cool. You won't throw up on stage will you?" "Fuck no. I rock it every time." Josh laughed. "I like this kid. He's got sass."Josh turned to Cas. "Hey, have your band come on back. I'll let security know that it's cool. We'll get them badges."
"Are you forgetting something Castiel?" Cas stopped and turned around. She was shaking a bottle of prescription medication. She tossed it at him and he caught it, putting it in his pocket.
Charlie, Meg, Adam, and Benny laughed. "Looks like you got your hands full, Winchester," called Adam.
"You know like 'oh Dean! Glad you could make Cas should be right down.' Then walk to the stairs and yell for me!"
He got up and went to the kitchen and made himself some eggs and toast. When he turned to go sit at the table, he saw green looking back at him.
Cas let out a sigh after Dean closed the door and fell back on to the bed. His head was over edge and he looked out the window. He rolled over and pushed himself up and grabbed the IV bag, walking to the window. He looked out at the parking lot and the street. Running his fingers through his hair, he sighed. He
Dean looked at him. "Why? Are you?" He leaned his head on the door. Still looking at Cas, who shifted awkwardly. Dean raised his head. "No way." Cas looked at him and shrugged. "Are you serious? You are aren't you? You're queer."
When he finished, he handed the pen shell to Cas. Cas took it and did his line, tossing the pen shell on the table.
"How did you get this rich in two years?" Charlie's jaw practically hit the ground. "By working my ass off every night to sell my music. I still work my ass off. Not to mention my irresponsible charm gets me on almost every radio station in the country." Dean smacked Cas' ass. "That's my man. Always doing what it takes."
The doctor nodded and told him the room number. Dean took off down the hall, eyes scanning each room until he found it.
They finally arrived at the venue for the prom and got out of the car. Cas whistled as he saw Dean from behind. He had different pants on, too. Black, slim fit slacks and black shoes. They showed off his ass. Dean turned around.
“See those hills in the trees? That's where were going. If something happens, run to those hills and don't look back. If you catch an Alpha's sent, start yelling. Someone will come to help. Got it?”
Dean pulled his shirt over his head and tossed it aside, already working on Cas' jeans. Cas tugged off his own shirt. Dean pulled Cas' pants down and worked on his own as Cas kicked his jeans and boxers to the side. Dean did the same, barely kicking his jeans off as he reclaimed Cas' mouth and backed him into the shower. The hot water washed over them. Dean took a moment to admire Cas.
His own name hit him like lightning. He could hear Cas yelling his name. He remembers now. Cas was yelling out Dean's name after Dean himself got shot. He remembered hitting the ground and turning onto his stomach, trying to crawl with him arm outstretched to Cas as he was thrown in the back of the Humvee.
He slowly worked a finger in and smiled when Cas' pace faltered as he teased at his entrance. Cas gave another squeeze of Dean's cock as he reached the tip. Dean came undone, panting through his orgasm. He worked his finger into Cas again, causing him to come as well.
The sight of him sent Cas over the edge. He pushed in a few more times, Dean's name pushed passed his lips as he climaxed. Cas pulled out and collapsed next to Dean for a moment before getting some tissues from the bathroom.
The seniors jumped to their feet and threw their caps in the air. Cas pulled Dean close and kissed him as the caps came raining down. Dean pulled back and hugged Cas tight. Cas hugged him back."I'm never letting you go, Castiel. I love you."
"Not long enough..." He said quietly to Cas who was trying not to laugh. "Yeah, it sure has Rowena. How have you been?" Faking enthusiasm and interest. She smiled at him. "I've been great! I hear you went to art school." She took a sip of her drink. "Studying it at the University of Michigan."
Cas had his head on Dean's shoulder. He was shaking and gripping Dean's arms as tight as he could. Dean walked Cas out of the area and toward the back exit. He told the producers that there was a family emergency and they had to leave. The band members said they would bring Cas' things. Dean managed to get Cas to the waiting limousine. Cas still hadn't said a word.
"Love you too. Now go do your thing!" Cas was standing justoff stage, guitar case in hand. He closed his eyes, calming himself. "Okay, so we had a little contest a while back. So let's bring out the winner. Everyone say hi to Cas Novak from Lawrence." Cas opened his eyes and walked out on stage. Josh grabbed another mic stand and mic and set it in front of Cas. "So, what song do you guys want Cas to play with us?" By unanimous vote, the crowd chose B Team. "Cool with that Cas?"
"This is gold!" She said happily, sitting down next to Dean on the couch. Cas leaned against the wall behind them.
Dean pulled into the driveway and turned the car off. "Here we are." They got out and Cas grabbed his bag. Dean unlocked the front door and held it open. "You can set your bag by the couch. I'll get a blanket and pillow." He walked down the hallway to the closet and pulled out what he needed. He walked back in the living room to see Cas holding a picture. He looked at it. "That's my mom." He pointed at the woman with blond hair. He walked over to the couch and laid out the blanket. "What happened to her?" Cas asked. Dean put the pillow on the couch and looked at Cas. "She died in a house fire when I was four. Sam was six months old." Cas set the picture down. "I'm sorry." Dean cleared his throat and shrugged. "Don't worry about it." He paused for a moment. "The kitchen is through there. I have soda, tea, and water if you get thirsty. Bathroom is down the hall to the left, don't touch my stuff. My room is on the right if you need me." Cas nodded at the intersection. "Thanks. I appreciate it." Dean nodded.
“Where the hell has he been all this time? Last time we heard, he was on a supply run.” Charlie said.
Dean's eyes shot open. He looked around. He was still in his bed. Next to him, Cas was fast asleep facing away from him and snoring lightly. His head fell to the pillow and he looked at the ceiling. He hadn't had a dream about that day since Cas came back. Almost like Cas was keeping them away; a living dream catcher. Dean ran his fingers through his hair and sighed. He got up and went to the bathroom, turning the faucet on and splashing cold water on his face.
Cas bit his lip. Dean had definitely been gifted in that area. Maybe next time he'll let Dean fuck his brains out.
The next day he was leaning against his locker as Charlie dug through hers. He looked down the hall, finding Dean digging through his locker and talking to Cole. "Oh my God! That's it!" He looked at Charlie and took his ear bud out, handing it to her. He restarted the music, then skipped to where the chorus would be.
His smile faded when he remembered what his parents just told him. He fell back on the bed. "This can't be happening..."
Cas' eyes slipped closed as Dean moved again. He knew people were watching, including the paparazzi. And he didn't care. He opened his eyes an looked at Dean.
He was able to eat a little bit. He wasn't in as much pain. He still hurt, but it was bearable. He still didn't really have much energy and getting out of bed just to go to the bathroom was like an act of congress. The only way he could fall asleep was by listening to Dean sing "Hey Jude."
Ellen guided Dean to a chair and sat down, making him sit as well. Ellen held him there for a.few minutes. After a while, the doctor stepped into the waiting area.
"My dad had me working on cars as soon as I graduated. I don't want to do that the rest of my life."
There were roses and candles on every table. The lights were dim. Slow jazz music was playing softly through the speakers. This was probably the most romantic  (and expensive) place in town.
Cas looked at him for a second before thinking, his eyes wandered to his feet. He looked up at Dean. "I remember what happened before, with Rob and Julie. I guess I got away through sheer willpower or something, but yes. I remember everything up until I crashed."
"What about this one?" Cas held up the tie. Dean turned around. "Stick with the blue Cas." He grabbed the tie out of Cas' hand. "Are you sure?" He held up the blue tie and a red tie. Dean moved behind him and put his hands on Cas' waist. "Of course." He kissed his cheek. "It matches your eyes." Cas smiled. Dean took the red tie from him and put it back in Cas bag. He smiled when Cas struggled with the tie. He walked in front of him. "You never could tie a tie. Here." Cas let his arms fall to his sides and let Dean work. When Dean finished, he straightened the tie and folded the color over it.
Castiel took in a breath, catching Dean's sent. Spice and trees and earth. It was extremely comforting. He looked at Dean and nodded. “Ready.”
For the first time, Dean looked at him. It was the first time he had shown any responsiveness other than a nod or shrug.
Dean woke the next morning to feel Cas' arm around him. He smiled and opened his eyes. Thankful the previous night wasn't a dream. He remembered they had talked through the night and apparently fell asleep on the floor in front of the fire. He looked at the fireplace. The fire had gone out but some embers still remained. Since he had the heat turned down, it was a little chilly.
"I can make my dog bite you ya know." Dean set the shirt down. "Good Dean." Cas walked into his room and grabbed his laptop, bringing it to the living room and moved the coffee table. He set the laptop on the table, turning on the Web cam. He pressed record and sat on the floor. Dean sat next to him.
“Gonna need some room here boys.” She said to the three. They looked at each other before backing away.
"And told him to never talk to him off the field. They are on the same team. I for one hope the dude gets hit by a car, but I'm sure karma will get his ass."
"Yeah Winchester. I haven't seen you in spandex for awhile. I'm curious to see if your ass looks the same."
Morning came quickly. Cas woke up to sunlight streaming in through his bedroom window. He blinked his eyes. An arm was draped across him. Dean's arm. Cas rolled over so he could see his lover's face.Dean's face was smashed into the pillow and his lips were pushed up.
Dean felt the other man try to move his hips again. He pinned him down to the bed, harder this time. Cas opened his eyes and looked at Dean.
Dean sat on the edge of Cas' bed, wearing jeans and a Longhorns tshirt. "Hey there, Perfect Disaster." Cas basically through himself at Dean, kissing him full on the mouth.Cas pulled back. "But really. How are you here?"
Cas nodded. "Guitar and lead vocals. I was in the band out of boredom and I didn't see it going anywhere to begin with."
"You're...sorry. That's it?! You're sorry?! What kind of fucking doctor are you?" Dean got up and pulled Cas back. "Thank you doctor."
Dean snapped his head back and it connected with Cain's nose. As soon as he let go, Dean spun around and punched him. Cain hit the ground with a thud.
“Thanks.” He took a drink. He thought about all of the times he tried to tell his mother before. It was part of the reason he left.
He put some in Cas bag too. "There, now you have clothes too." He zipped his backpack. "How are we gonna get out of here though? Your dad always wakes up in the middle of the night and watches TV in the living room." Dean thought for a moment, his eyes stopped at the window. He smiled and crawled across the bed and opened it. "No way. I'm not jumping out the window."
Cas walked over to the equipment and turned everything off. "What did you think about the other song? The one Charlie sent you. And don't just say amazing. Gonna need more than that."
"No, I just do a good job of staying away from paparazzi and keep my personal business out of the tabloids."
The gunfire grew louder and louder as he ran through the camp. He found and abandon rifle, assuming it was a Beta's, he picked it up and ran. He tried to catch Dean's scent as he went. A few Betas spotted him and ran after him. He shot at their feet to get them to stop. When they didn't, he shot them in the leg and continued to find Dean.
Cas turned back to the crowd. "Alright, bitches. I'm out. You've been super fucking amazing as always. And now..." He looked over at Dean. "...I'm gonna go have sex with that smokin' hot quarterback over there, even though he's way out of my league. Goodnight!" He took Dean by the hand and began to walk toward the
Cas smiled and kissed him. He returned the kiss. "I love you." He whispered. Cas kissed him again. "I love you too." Dean wanted Cas to look back on these moments when things were bad. Praying they would help him through.
Meg accepted, bending down and putting the pen shell in a nostril, closing the other and snorted the line. Sniffing, she handed the pen shell to him and he did the same.
Dean started making out with Cas again. He had his hands moving down to the zipper on Cas' jeans when the phone rang again. Dean pulled away.
Cas looked at him then. "Why? What would it change Dean? What would telling you accomplish? And if you say 'it will help me feel better' so help me I will kick your ass."
A HUGE thank you to all who have read, commented, given kudos, recommend, and outright loved this story. I hope y'all read my other works and love them just as much! Thank you very much! LOVE Y'ALL!!
Dean rubbed his face. "When Jaxon did that, all I thought about was you. And then you walked in, and... my heart fell out of my ass. The look on your face. I pushed him away and tried to go after you but you were just gone."
He opened his eyes. Even though Dean had the other Alphas with him, Cas just couldn't sit here and do nothing. He got up and moved to the exit.
He watched Dean's muscles tighten and relax, the beads of sweat forming on his forehead, they way he licked his lips right after he moaned.
"Me watching a boy from a distance." Cas stood up. "This is such bullshit." He walked out of the room, slamming the door behind him.
"New arrival?" They said in unison. At the beginning of the year Cas came up with the idea to greet the so called "New Arrival" like the characters from Tim Burton's "Corpse Bride". Meg ran backstage and grabbed a bell and started ringing it. "New arrival! New arrival!" They all gathered around Crowley and the new arrival. "Gang, meet Dean Winchester. I felt he would be better off here." Charlie looked at Cas who stopped. "What's your crush doing here?" She teased. It was true. Cas had been crushing on Dean for awhile. He looked at Charlie. "Shut up." He joined the group, determined to not let it show. "Where is Cas?" Crowley looked at his students. Cas pushed his way through. He stood right next to Dean. "Ah! Good. Dean, this is Castiel. He'll show you the ropes." The class settled down into their work. "Alright. So we are performing monologues starting today. I'm sure Crowley will let you go last. It can be from any play, book, or movie." Cas explained as he and Dean sat down. "What's yours?" Dean asked. Charlie was sitting right behind them. "He's doing Aragorn's Black Gate speech from Return of The King." She replied. Cas looked at her.
"Dammit." He pulled out his phone and called Cas. It kept ringing. "Come on Cas." Cas' voicemail picked up. "Hey sorry I couldn't make it to the phone. Leave a message and I might call you back."
He moved in closer to the sleeping man. He didn't want to wake him up, but kissing him was a must. Dean pressed his lips gently to Cas' and was happy when Cas responded by kissing him back briefly.
The met up with the others and headed to the mess hall for breakfast as usual. Charlie linked arms with Cas and the two took the lead. Cas and Charlie were the same age, twenty. Though most of the time, they didn't act like it when they were around each other. They acted more like little kids which was hilarious and adorable to Dean. He liked seeing Cas happy.
"So it begins." He finished unpacking and headed slowly downstairs. He looked up when he heard a familiar voice.
"Now swing your legs over, like you're sitting on a chair, then just push off." Dean instructed. Cas swung his legs over. Dean tossed the bag aside, ready to catch his friend. Cas didn't jump. "It's not that bad Cas, like flying! I'll catch you, I promise." His friend nodded, csed his eyes, and pushed off. A second later he landed on Dean. They both fell to the ground with a loud thud.
"Yeah. Sure." He put his ring in his pocket and stood up. "I gotta go. I'm helping with the whole graduation set up. See you later." He put his messengerbag on his shoulder and walked away.
Whenever Dean couldn't sleep, he'd draw. Cas was not the least bit surprised that Dean couldn't sleep last night. He pushed the comforter off and got up. He walked over to the table and sat down. He looked at Dean who was still sound asleep. He then turned his attention to the sketch book and flipped it open. He found what Dean drew last night. It was Cas, fast asleep on the bed. Every little detail was perfect, as usual. From his eyelashes to the ruffled blankets tangled around his waist.
Cas thought for a moment. "What about Lucky's On Main? They have awesome burgers and usually they have a live band. I wanna eat grease and dance and cause a problem."
"I'm not going anywhere until I know that my boyfriend is okay you can put me in handcuffs if you want. I'm still not going anywhere." She walked over to him and pulled out her handcuffs then looked at the guards. "Get the other two boys too. As of right now, they are being charged with assault. I saw what happened. They had plenty of time to stop the hit after he got rid of the ball. They meant to do this." Cas looked at her. She returned the look before Cas looked back at Dean. The paramedics were around him. One slowly took his helmet off. Was this how Dean felt when he saw Cas lying on the road? He wouldn't admit to Dean or even Charlie that he did remember that moment. When he woke up on the ground and had seen Dean looking down at him. The look on Dean's face was a mix of being terrified and relieved. The sound of Dean's voice told Cas he was trying hard to keep it together. Cas didn't know why he didn't tell anyone, maybe he felt guilty for putting Dean through that."
Dean stopped in his tracks. The flames were engulfing the entire barn. He ran forward, but Benny grabbed him. "Let me go! My parents are still in there!"
Dean pulled the bacon from one of the pans and set it on a plate before turning around to face Cas. "Because you were drunk off your ass last night and I figured you would have one bitch of a hangover today, and could possibly still be wasted. So, carbs and grease."
Cas woke up the next morning to the sound of Dean lightly snoring be hind him. He smiled and rolled over to see Dean sprawled out, laying on his stomach. His right arm hanging over the edge of the bed. Cas almost laughed at the sight. Dean always slept like that. The comforter covered up to his waist. Cas rubbed his head. He looked over at the table to see Dean's sketch book closed on it. His pencils scattered across it.
Cas was sitting on his bed with his guitar, a notebook in front of him, and a pencil between his teeth. Hey played some notes and hummed a melody. There was a knock.
"More like out of your galaxy! Golden boy has only been with one guy that I know of, and the kid was a track star."
Cas pushed his own jeans down to his ankle and kicked them off. He took of his shirt, laying it on the chair next to them.
Cas put his hands on Dean’s hips and turned him around so that his back was to the bed. Then he reclaimed Dean’s mouth in a heated kiss, backing him up until he had no choice but to sit down. Dean pulled his shirt over his head. Cas did the same.
Cas walked off stage and grabbed a towel to wipe the sweat off his face. The crowd was still screaming. "Awesome performance as usual Cas!" Adam clapped him on the back. "Yeah, thanks man." He took a drink of water. He found that if he just lost himself in the music and the crowd, he'd deliver a badass show as usual. But when he played certain songs, he'd fight back the feelings they brought on.
Dean turned around and in two steps he had reached Zachariah and decked him the face for the second time in two days. Naomi screamed. Dean looked at her. "That's twice now. One for each time he hit Cas that day your dick of a husband figured us out and decided he couldn't handle it."
"This doesn't surprise me one bit." Mary began as they all sat in the living room. Dean sat in between Cas and Sam. John sat in his chair, Mary sat on the arm of his chair. "You two were joined at the hip since you were one." She continued. Dean rolled his eyes. "And she's off." He murmured. Cas snorted a laugh. "You would rarely let Cas out of your site Dean." Dean leaned closer to Cas. "This could take a while." Cas gave him a nudge and smiled. "Oh! That reminds me! I have a photo album of you two!"
Time seemed to freeze as they sat in the waiting room. "How to you know Castiel?" The cop asked. Dean had his head back looking at the ceiling. Charlie was staring at her feet. "I'm his friend. I've known him since he moved here." Charlie replied quietly. Dean leaned forward, his arms on his knees. "I'm his boyfriend." He said tonelessly, looking over at the cop. The cop looked up from his notebook to Dean. Dean continued to look at him. "That's not a joke. We've been together for a few weeks." The cop looked back at his little notebook. "To your knowledge, has Castiel ever done drugs?" Dean leaned back in his seat. Charlie looked up at the cop. She had no idea. Cas would be pissed at him, but they would find the heroin in his system soon enough. So Dean stalled. "Look, can we finish this later? I just found my boyfriend half dead on the side of the road." The cop closed that stupid notebook and nodded, walking out of the room. When he was gone, Dean got up and walked into the hall. Charlie followed. He looked down the hall to see a doctor walking over to them. Dean tugged on Charlie's jacket and nodded in the doctors direction. They both held their breath.
He decided to rein himself in as much as he could. He knew he didn't want to mark the first time. Biting his lip, he put his knot against Cas' soaked hole then let instinct take over a little and slowly pushed inside.
He assumed it was there so he didn't try to bit off his tongue. The though was appealing...but try as he might, he couldn't get the damn thing out of his mouth.
He climbed in the back seat and took her phone. Sure enough, Marianas Trench posted three videos of Cas. One video for each song. "I think I'm gonna die. Is this really happening right now?!" Dean smiled. "You deserve it Cas."Dean looked in the rearview mirror. Cas was beyond happiness, Charlie was geeking about all the hits those Instagram posts just got, and Cas had a shot at the bigtime. Dean smiled. Cas deserved this, the band deserved this, and it was all coming together for them.
The song ended and the crowd went crazy. Cas felt a euphoria that he hadn't experienced before. Josh jumped over and high fived Cas, then grabbe the mic."Does this kid fucking rock or what?!" The crowd screamed again.Cas looked out at the crowd and smiled. "So how would you guys feel if we let Cas get his band up here and play one of their songs?" He held the mic out.The crowd went nuts. Cas' smile grew. "The crowd has spoken! Let's get his band up here and see what they got!"Josh and the rest of Marianas Trench moved off to the side as Join The Hunt came on and set up. It didn't take long.Cas looked out at the crowd, then at his band, and smiled. He felt awesome. And at home. He was ready.
“Oh, stop grumbling. It should be ready to go; your brother went off of the measurements you sent him.”
"Yeah. Well I have things to do so you go ahead and unpack. I'll be out back if you need me." He walked past Castiel and closed the door behind him. Cas sighed.
Cas looked at the camera. "We own our dream vehicles at the age of seventeen. What are you people doing with your lives? Watching two gay kids answer questions about each other. Get it together."
Benny and Adam had pulled the girls out of the water and were walking back toward the house. Up ahead, Dean and Cas were laughing and walking when Dean suddenly stopped and grabbed Cas by the arm, spinning him around to face Dean. Dean lifted Cas' chin with a finger and kissed him full on the mouth, his other
He looked at his family for a moment, they all had tears in their eyes. He looked back at Cas who was crying. He smiled and wiped the tears from Cas' face. The minister cleared his throat. "Castiel?" Cas looked at him for a second then nodded. He looked at Dean. "When I heard you speak I had already fallen for you. Then I turned around to see this beautiful man with breathtaking green eyes. I think I was meant to take the wrong train and end up in Lawrence. That I was meant to walk into that diner. I didn't understand how you could be so nice to someone you just met, but I guess both our hearts knew what our minds didn't. When you went to Germany, I thought about you every second of the day. Then That officer told us that you were basically dead..." He trailed off looking away. Dean moved himself into Cas' line of sight and again wiped his tears. Cas half smiled then continued. "A part of me died that day, but I never stopped believing you were alive. I could feel it in my soul. I would rather have you broken than not at all. I don't think I would be able to handle life without you. I love you." Dean's breath caught. He exhaled shakily as they exchanged rings. "I now pronounce you Castiel and Dean Winchester." Dean moved forward and kissed Cas like this was his last night on earth.
“All of you listen to me and you listen good,” Dean began, walking across the room and grabbed his clothes. He pulled his shirt over his head.
He finally picked up Dean's scent and followed it, making his way to the tree line they were at before. All the while, shooting Betas in the leg. He had to be getting close, Dean's scent was getting stronger.
The cabin door opened with a loud whining noise and everyone looked. Ellen had emerged, cleaning her hands on a rag.
He woke up the next morning to the smell of food. He grabbed his watch off the night stand. 8:30. He groaned. The last four months he was woken up by yelling at exactly four am. He was grateful for the extra four hours. Hell, he was surprised he didn't sleep til four in the afternoon. He crawled our of bed and made it nice and neat out of habit. Normally he only had five minutes to get up, make his bed, shave, and put on his uniform. Which was hard to do when twenty other men were trying to shave at the same time. He went to his dresser and found a pair of pajama pants and slipped them on. Not bothering with a shirt, he walked out to the kitchen. Thinking Sam must have come over to make him breakfast. He scratched his head and yawned as he leaned against the doorway. "Morning." He jumped at the voice and looked up. There was Cas. Cooking. "I hope you don't mind. I figured it was the least I could do for letting me crash here." Dean was stunned silent for a moment. "Uh...no. Not at all." Cas smiled. "It took me a minute to find everything. I didn't want to wake you. Do you like pancakes?" Dean nodded. He looked at the table. It already had orange juice, coffee, and plates set out. Dean walked over and sat down, pouting himself some coffee. "Listen, you really don't have to- wow. That's good coffee."
Dean walked out of the store. He checked his phone. There was only a couple of hours until graduation. Somehow, he had convinced his coach to let him leave early. He made his way to the lockers and changed into his black slacks and grey dress shirt. He put on his dress shoes and put his regular clothes into his duffel bag.
As Castiel grabbed his messenger bag, Meg rolled her eyes. "Do you have to take that thing everywhere?"
"Umm... what?" Dean looked at Cas, startled. He had not expected that question or conversation right now.
"Alright, I've been scoping out the competition and there is only one horse that might give RJ some trouble and I'm not talking about speed wise. The horse's name is Little Demon, the rider's name is Crowley. They both play dirty. I've seen Crowley hit other riders with his whip and the horse runs into other horses." Charlie leaned against the trailer. Cas sighed.
Well lovelies...this is it. The final chapter. Thank you to everyone who has read, commented, given kudos, and shared this amazing journey. But the journey is not over for these two yet. There will be a sneak peek at the end of this chapter.
"You're welcome." He laughed. Dean pulled him close. "You're amazing, you know that?" Cas smiled. "It's been said." Kissing Dean before getting up. "Alright ladies and boyfriend, our plane leaves in two hours. Let's go shopping."
Cas woke to the sound of machines going off. Before he knew it he was being pulled away by staff. "What's going on? What's happening?" He asked panicked. Nobody answered. The pushed him out the door. Sam and the others were standing there. "What's happening?" They all had blank looks on their faces. He turned around. doctors were doing CPR and shocking Dean. Then it hit him like a ton of bricks. He felt like he had been punched in his gut. Dean was dying. He suddenly remembered what Dean had said.
“You didn’t, did you?” Silence. Dean continued to avoid Benny’s gaze. Benny laughed and punched Dean in the arm. “Fuck, boy, you couldn’t make it happen!” Dean sighed as he tucked his head to his knees.
Month four. Cas put his key in the the door and pushed. The house was quiet, which was weird, because it was a Saturday and the guys were normally home. He headed to his room and opened the door. "Holy fuck! When did you... how... fuck!"
"Oh he's good." Charlie said. Cas shifted in his seat. He still had his blue eyes on Dean. Dean just sat there, waiting.
Charlie punched Cas in the shoulder. "Are fucking serious right now?" Cas looked at her, shocked that she just punched him. "Yeah. I am. I'm a mess. He deserves better." Charlie punched him again.
He pounded on the door as hard as he could, yelling. Praying it could be heard. He kept hitting the door and jerking the handle, yelling as loud as he could. Someone had to notice, right?
Every night when Cas fell asleep he could see Dean. Lying on the battlefield half dead. Being dragged away. Needless to say, he didn't sleep much. He hardly left the house. Sam would check on him every day. Try to get him to ear by telling him Dean wouldn't want him to act like this. Then he would only eat half of what was in front of him.
When the walked inside, Cas leaned against the hostess's podium. "Table for two?" The hostess asked.
Castiel still had a nagging feeling something would happen. After dinner, his nagging feeling became a reality.
Dean started playing his guitar. Cas almost couldn't believe it. Dean recorded himself and put it on the CD. What Dean sang blew Cas' mind.
Dean grabbed Cas' hands and pinned them over his head. Cas' shirt raised, revealing from his hips to his bellybutton. Dean moved down and kissed Cas' hip. He pulled Cas' jacket off his shoulders and moved to Cas' neck. Brushing his lips up to his jaw as Cas took off his jacket. Dean put his hand on Cas' back and lifted him, pulling off his shirt. Cas unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans and kicked off his shoes. Dean tugged the jeans off, leaving him in his boxers. Dean, however, was already dressed for the occasion. Wearing nothing but boxers. He ran his hands up Cas' body, his head following. Pressing and grinding on Cas' erection. Cas' head fell back in a soft moan. Fourteen days. That was the last time they touched each other. Now, it seemed with Cas' newfound sobriety, his senses were heightened. He then realized that he had some kind of drug in his system every time they had sex. Hell every time he had sex at all, even before Dean.
Sam smiled and rolled his eyes. "Yeah, sure. I'm just glad your up and around. And eating and talking."
He woke up to the smell of something burning. He looked at his watch. 3:38 AM. He looked over at Cas who was fast asleep. He got up and opened the bedroom door and was met by smoke. He looked down the hall and saw an bright orange light. "Shit!" He ran over to Cas and woke him up. "Come on get dressed and grab what you can!" Cas sat up "Why?" He asked sleepily. Dean was already throwing clothes in his duffel bag. "The house is on fire." Cas jumped up, panicked. Dean stayed clam. "Open the window and get out." He handed Cas the bag. When Cas was out he followed. He walked around to the front of the house to see two men lighting his car on fire. They painted the word faggot on the side. When they saw Dean they didn't leave. "Got a lot of nerve." One said. By the state of them, they were drunk. Dean shook his head. Sirens could be heard. Dean looked down the street. People started to gather and stare. "I could say the same to you." Dean said to him. The man laughed. Dean knew who the were, in a town this size it's hard not to know everyone. The man was his high school English teacher, Richard Paxton. The second man was none other than Mack. The man who caught Dean and Cas having sex in the abandon warehouse two and a half years ago. Dean knew he was just waiting to talk about what he saw. Since the scene at the diner a few days ago, Mack clearly saw his opportunity. "You call yourselves men? Getting drunk and setting fire to a soldiers house and car? I may be a fag, but I'm still more of a man than both of you. Of all of you." He had seen Sam running down the street. Richard pulled out a knife. "You little Fag! I'll show you!" He walked towards Dean. Dean pushed Cas behind him. "Go to Sam." Cas nodded. Richard made his way to Dean and slashed the knife at at him. "You're a walking sin!" Dean ducked then disarmed him. He threw the knife behind him. Richard punched him in the face. Dean stumbled back. He spit out blood then looked at Richard. "I got the back of my head blown off by a grenade to save my unit. I was awarded a purple heart for it. So how much of a sin am I? Like I said: I'm a better man." Richard punched him in the gut. Dean doubled over and was met by a knee to the face. He fell backwards and hit the ground. Sam ran forward only to be stopped by Mack. Dean stood and spit blood in Richard's face. "You're gonna have to do better than that." He tripped Dean, getting on top of him and punching him in the face. He wrapped his hands around Dean's throat. Dean put his arms in the middle of Richard's, buckling them at the elbows. He raised his hip then flipped over so now Richard was on his back. "I'm sorry was that you doing better? I couldn't tell." He stood up. Not hitting Richard once.
“Sounds fine to me.” Cas leaned in and kissed Dean on the mouth before falling asleep again. Dean wasn't far behind. He pulled Castiel in as close as possible as his own eyes fluttered shut.
Cas shrugged. "We had a couple of events here, and once I came here with the band just to eat. They treat me well."
Castiel woke up and decided to shower. He grabbed some clothes and went into the bathroom. He stripped and stepped inside, letting the hot water wash over him. Being here, under the same roof as Dean for a week, had to be cruel and unusual punishment. He cleaned himself off and got out, grabbing a towel  and drying off. He ran the towel through his hair and got dressed. After, he headed downstairs to get some coffee.  He poured himself a cup and headed out to the front porch.
She looked up at the group. "Mr Novak! Pleasure to have you again. We have reserved the back table for you, as usual."
They all took their seats as the band took the stage. Josh was amazing. Getting the crowd into each song and even just talking to the crowd between songs. The group sang along to every song. The same lady as before tapped Cas on the shoulder and motioned for him to follow. He looked back at Dean. "Wish me luck."
Cas and the band were the talk of the school. Cas was almost late to his first class because of all the kids swarming around him, wanting him to talk about the concert and new year's eve. Dean and a few football players basically became his bodyguards, ushering him to all of his classes as well as the rest of the band.   "They only think you're cool because you hung out with Josh." Charlie said at lunch, taking a bite of her pizza.
Dean looked at him for a second then back to the sky. "It's not fair. Who's gonna be my sidekick now?"
"Uh, well, it's actually the name of a song on the album and there's also a song on there that has a reference to that song so I figured 'what the hell'. And I thought it'd be kind of cool if the fans started calling themselves toy soldiers."
The phone had gone off three times since he put it in his pocket. Five minutes ago. "Damn, Dean. You're really going to make it difficult on me," Cas thought to himself. He slid his phone out of his pocket and opened the messages.
In an instant, the mood changed. They hadn't brought up the subject until now. "Yeah. It was small. I made sure the press stayed out of it."
Cas downed his shot. "Well, thanks to a small misunderstanding, we weren't for a minute. But that's all cleared up and here we are." Cas quickly leaned in a pulled Dean in for a sloppy kiss. "See? All good. Don't be afraid to just keep the shots coming. I'll start a tab."
Dean picked up his cards. Cas moved so he was on his hands and knees. He moved his face right in front of Dean's face and kissed him. Dean tensed for a second in surprise then relaxed, returning the kiss and closing his eyes. He breathed in Cas' scent. It was the same but somehow different. He could feel the slightest bit of desire radiating off the Omega. He didn't know weather to hold back, or let instinct take over.
Cas backed away then walked out of the room. "Cas!" Dean called after him. He just walked faster. By the time he made it to the exit, he was running.
Dean put his hands on Cas' shoulders and moved up and down. Cas held him in place and snapped his hips up over and over.
I apologize profusely for not updating in so long! We have gotten so caught up in the When Worlds Collide series that I keep forgetting to update!!!
Charlie leaned toward Cas’ ear and spoke in a half-whisper. "Because Dean looks like he wants to ride you instead of Pandora."
"No, making a statement would be starting a hashtag on twitter." He looked up. "Uh oh. I can see the wheels turning in that genius head of his."
"Yes, he and I seem to work the same shifts mostly." Dean was fighting the aggravation he felt building. "Can I go now?"
Benny and Adam joined in seconds later. Cas changed to one strum. He looked at the band and smiled. "Sounds like we got ourselves a song boys. Remember what you just played. We need to record this." They all took turns laying down their parts. Cas listened to the music over and over, trying to find the words.
"So Castiel, do you go to school too?" John asked. Dean leaned against the wall. "Yeah, Michigan state. They have one of the best veterinarian schools in the country." Dean smiled. Cas always did have a soft spot for animals.
"May I present to you, Dean and Castiel Winchester. You may kiss your husband." Dean definitely didn't need to be told that twice. He pulled Cas close. Placing his hands on his hips. He smiled and kissed Cas' lips. Everyone was clapping. Dean smiled when he pulled away. "Welcome to the family." John said to Cas. "Even though you've been apart of the family since you were one." Mary interjected with a hug.
"Good. He'd probably go crazy if he had to stop making music." He looked at Cas who had turned the tv on and was flipping through the channels. He looked back at Dr Mills "Does he have to quit smoking?"
Later that night, his phone buzzed with a new comment on a photo he posted that day. He picked his phone up and read it.
Dean stopped instantly when he smelled cinnamon and spring rain. He looked up. Cas was right there, tears streaming down his face.
"Ellen." Ellen walked over to Dean and hugged him as well. "You call me if he gives you any attitude."
"Well, you asked for it." Cas grasped Dean's hips harder and drilled into him, sending waves of pleasure through both of them. "So good..." Cas breathed, snapping his hips forward again. "Come for me Dean." He whispered, taking Dean into his hand and stroked him slowly. "Cas..."He barely got his name out before he was coming, seeing stars and cried out. "Yeah...that's it."Cas bit his lip, still stroking Dean. "Damn Dean, I'm gonna come just listening to you." "God yes. Come inside me Cas." Cas' head fell back in a moan. He thrust inside Dean a few more times. Moaning loudly and digging his blunt nails into Dean's hips as he came.Dean blinked his eyes, trying to get them back into focus. His breathing was ragged and wrecked. Cas was folded over his back, still inside of Dean.
He pulled him into the bathroom to one of the stalls, locking the door and pushing Dean against the wall. Dean laughed a little. "Oh yeah?”
Dean put his hands on Cas' waist and pulled him closer. "If I know you, and I do pretty damn well, I know you'll do great. And if RJ is half the horse River is, he'll showboat win or lose." Dean smiled. Cas laughed. "Yeah, you're right." Cas tipped his head up and kissed Dean. As he did, he caught something out of the corner of his eye. He turned to see what it was. It was Gabriel walking toward them, and next to him was...
They sat in the waiting room for what felt like years. Cas was leaning forward in his seat, his arms on his knees, head down, and bouncing his leg up and down. His mind was racing. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't calm himself down.
Cas just rolled his eyes and put his arm around Dean. Dean whispered something and Cas smiled. Then both boys chased Charlie down the hall.
"Well, I guess you can have that. Twist my arm.." They started to head over to the couch in the corner when Cas stopped.
Cas looked away. He wasn't wrong. He would have done exactly that. All Dean wanted was to enjoy the time he had left. Not being treated like he was dying.
Cas leaned forward and took Dean's mouth into his own, thrusting his tongue in and exploring the interior of Dean's mouth as if it were the first time. He pinned Dean's hips to the wall with his hands and held him there. Dean smiled against his lips. Cas moved from Dean's lips to his neck, claiming Dean as his. Dean tilted his head back with a soft moan.
Dean was standing at the stove with his back to Castiel, wearing nothing but a pair of old sweats that may have been a little too big on him, seeing how they sat low on his hips. Two cast iron skillets were on the stove and the sound of pops and sizzles filled the room. Cas recognized the smells of bacon and coffee and saw a bowl of batter on the counter. Cas smiled and leaned against the doorframe. Then he walked slowly up behind Dean and put his head on his back between his shoulder blades, planting a light kiss there.
Cas rolled over and opened his eyes. It took him a second to recognize Charlie's living room. He looked at the clock on the wall. It was two in the afternoon.
"Okay, awesome. Where?" He lifted his head from the desk and cradled it in his free hand. He had a headache.
Dean turned on the TV to cartoons so Ben could watch as he played, then headed to the kitchen to make dinner.
Cas laughed. "I was, wasn't I?" He leaned back on his hands and looked at the fire, listening to the wood crackle and pop. Dean looked over at him,then stood. "Wait here." He walked to the kitchen. Cas heard the clatter of pots and ceramic. He smiled, shaking his head. A few minutes later, Dean returned with two mugs of hot chocolate. Cas almost laughed as he took the mug. They waited for it to cool a bit. Dean took a sip to test the temperature. "Ready?" He smiled. Cas returned the smile. "Set," They both brought their mugs close to their lips.
"That I will always love you. And I'm not afraid to love you the way you deserve to be loved. Because of the war, I'll have bad days but you already know that. I want the good days to matter, to make them the best days ever. To be happy with you right by my side. And for you to not be afraid of the bad, the flashbacks I may have, the nightmares. Because after all of it, I'll still love you. I'll never stop loving you. So before I came home, I got something." He stood up. Cas stood as well. He dug in his pocket then got down on one knee. Cas' eyes widened. "Castiel Novack. Our time together has been the most amazing two and a half years of my life. While I was in Germany this time, I dreamed of this moment. And I promise that if you'll have me, I will spend every waking moment making the rest of our lives amazing." Tears streamed down Cas' face. With tears in his eyes he took Cas' hand and showed him the ring. "Will you do me the amazing honor of marrying me?" Speechless, Cas nodded. Dean smiled as he slid the ring on his finger. He stood and kissed Cas softly. "I love you Cas. Now and forever. I promise." He never broke his promises to Cas.
Dean slowly pushed his tongue past Cas' lips, exploring as he went. He pushed himself down on Cas, making Cas moan. Dean felt his thigh twitch as nimble fingers danced their way down his skin.
An hour later he got off his bike and put it on the kickstand. This was a bad idea. Maybe he should have told Dean, at least he'd have backup. He took off his helmet and put his hood up. Someone was already standing in the gazebo.
Naomi poked her head out of the bathroom and watched Dean and Cas walk away. She grinned and darted out, heading into her room and closing the door behind her. She checked under her pillow.
"Yeah yeah, you'll eat those words Winchester." He looked for another question. "Name three shows I like to watch."
Hola peeps! We hope you're enjoying our story so far! We just wanted to thank everyone for reading, commenting, and giving kudos! We really appreciate it!
He grabbed his duffel bag and rolling suitcase and set them next to the front door. Dean walked out of the room fully dressed (in his "ever after" shirt and jeans) a few minutes later. They didn't say much as they loaded Cas' things in the trunk of the Impala, or on the way to the airport in Kansas City. They just held each others hand the whole drive. Cas did make a short video in the airport.
"You told me already. You're Dad's a crackhead and your mom's a drunk. So if you don't want me to meet them, I won't. But you should at least let me take you home. It's forty degrees out."
"We start a hashtag! If the whole school gets in on it, including teachers, the school board and the parents will have to listen!" Dean stopped. "Are you even sure that the whole school even wants to participate? You'd need to take a poll and then decide."
