He decides he’s gonna go with both.
“Answer,” Tony calls out and suddenly the LED screen flashed Howard’s face. He’s face to face with his future, now. The set lines of age and fortune. Dark, cobalt eyes stared down at Tony and he feels immediately sobered and
“Yeah, okay.” Rhodey loads up the character selection screen and Tony picks the same character he’s been using for the past five rounds. He’s planning to hack into the game this time and cheat. Hence why he pulls out his phone but Rhodey kicks him. “We are playing
Four days more.
Tony jumps when Steve appears. Dressed in a dark blue suit, white button down shirt with the top unbuttoned to expose his collar and khakis. The outfit hugs him in all the right ways. Shows off his broad shoulders and skinny waist and Tony, not for the first time, goes rigid at the sight.
Steve’s shoulders hunch as Mr Stark turns to him, eyes narrowed. “You’re doing WHAT?”
Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Luke has a weird expression as he observes the scene a few tables away. “Wow, he hasn't really stopped paying attention to Jessica since they got here. Maybe you are right, babe”
To Peter, T’challa came across as a serene but important man. He studies Peter with a straight back, an air of confidence but a warm smile that negated any sort of intimidation that should come off the presence of someone as important as T’challa was.
Actually, Peter muses, phrasing it that way makes it sound worse than he originally thought. This is why he needs MJ around. She’s the sort of person that would help him avoid making stupid decisions such as this.
Bucky stalks out murmuring “nightmare” and though he doesn’t want to admit it, for once Peter can’t disagree. This is all getting out of hand in a way that was only capable with Parker luck. He doesn’t know how Aunt May put up with all of it for so long.
Steve stills, his grin falling into a frown “Fourth? Tony, it’s only 9 o’clock. Are you trying to kill yourself?!”
“Oh yeah, I saw him put the ring in his pocket just a moment ago. He’s surely going to ask the question tonight!”
Peter hurries to take a few more steps away from the door so that when Rhodey opens it he doesn’t suspect Peter may have been listening in.
Peter watches the man go and feels nothing but relief. He isn’t sure if this means that this fixes anything and whether his job is secure again but he’s happy that he no longer has to share a working environment with Fisk. A feeling he’s sure many in the company share with him.
“Why does Steve still work here if you dislike him so much?” Peter asks.
Peter feels his phone go off and his heart warms a little when he sees it’s from his girlfriend MJ. She is overseas currently working on her next movie and didn’t have a lot of spare time to keep in contact at the moment. While proud of her, he misses her like a lost limb and treasures any moment she has to message him.
“Or we can amp the game up even further. Rhodey be damned.” Tony says, mischief lighting his blue eyes up.
Peter nods his head furiously.
Peter lets out a slow breath to stop himself from going on more of a tangent. Steve, who looks thoroughly unimpressed, is shooting Mr Stark a glance to make sure he didn’t hear any of Peter's spiel. He then sighs and puts his drink down in front of him, looking a little defeated.
“I sold my soul to the devil when I was 12. I now have secret skills.”
“A little help here, Parker” Luke says, throwing a pitiful look Peter’s way.
This particular topic has Peter very stressed. The thing is, he isn’t sure what to get Mr Stark. Besides being Peter’s idol, he’s also been a pretty amazing boss during this internship and Peter knows that if he can get him something memorable it will help keep him in Mr Stark's good graces.
Steve smiles triumphantly “Lovestruck huh?”
Sam turns to Bucky and gives him a soft smile while Peter half watched, his mind wandering back to thinking about the challenge at hand.
Pepper gives off a half smile but still doesn’t look convinced.
The man seems to give up trying to respond to Peter’s question and just hurrys off to the toilets, leaving Peter rubbing at his forehead and watching Steve go in despair.
“Okay, okay. Tony! … Tony, I’m really sorry I was trying to hook your boyfriend up with Pepper.”
It ends up being a very enjoyable game.
“Admitting defeat already?” Sam says cockily.
“I do not drool, Tony” Steve glowers.
Steve blinks at Peter in incomprehension but Peter continues. “It would be just the thing to make up for your argument today don’t you think? Plus, would be a way of extending an olive branch out to Mr Stark.” He smiles wider, hoping his expression comes off as endearing instead of manic.
“Lame. Every one of you ruins my fun.” Mr Stark whines “Remind me to fire you all..... And if not fire at least demote you all. As I probably need all the man power right now but still think you deserve a punishment.” He finishes a little lamely.
“Pepper, I might have some ideas. If you are interested in hearing a few?” Steve asks, having decided to take up on Peter’s idea.
Peter smacks his friend in the arm lightly. “Bad Luke”
“Hey! I thought we’d moved past that point now spiderboy. I’m only answering to Tony from you and nothing else.” Tony interrupts.
Steve face shatters as he makes himself even smaller and nods in response. It is extremely awkward.
The tightness in his expression indicating his frustration that the boss is making a decision before consent has been received from all parties.
Peter sets himself an internal reminder to set that camera up at Steve’s desk this afternoon when the man was inevitably up with Pepper.
Steve now has a small grin, if a somewhat reluctant one. “You’re incorrigible.”
Steve is always hanging back to help out with all of the tasks Pepper needs Mr Stark to do. He’s always commenting on how lucky the company is to have Pepper and Mr Stark and is complimenting the pair. He spends more time than necessary with the future Editor in Chief and Peter knows from lunch today that it isn’t because the man is looking for a promotion. Steve even said today he is usually on top of all the comings and goings of Marvels. Pepper and Steve must chat about the company in all of their free time. It’s so obvious that Peter kind of wants to slap himself for not realising it before.
“WHAT?” Fisk exclaims. “I made it quite clear Tony that Vanessa’s gallery and the new exhibit was the direction the magazine needed this month.”
“No really?! That isn’t okay, Steve. It’s unprofessional of a company to punish you because the boss doesn’t like you.”
“I will never understand why this place treats an imbecile like you with such esteem and someone like I, one of the backbones and superiors in this company, with such disrespect”
Peter whines a little but silently thanks god that it’s not something that will involve rats.
“Whatever you are going to say, probably is best saved for later.” Steve says without missing a beat, eyeballing Peter in a strange way.
Happy and the rest of the security pick up Fisk after Jess gives the douche one final glare. They drag him outside to wait for the police while the rest of the guests hover around, wanting to make sure Steve is okay but not wanting to get in the way.
Peter stumbles into the building the next day, nursing a terrible hangover and searching with all his might for a will to live. He gets through the door only to be stopped immediately by Jess who sees him hurrying in.
“No, I’m not sure we can choose that. It’s too similar to September’s issue of Marvels.” Pepper stipulates.
Steve’s face lights up as he holds out his left hand. It’s sleek simply gold band with the inscription
There are cheers and clinks all around as Peter pulls himself out of the emotions swirling within him.
“I need you to wingman me. Right now!” Peter grabs Luke’s elbow and tries to drag him out of his chair.
“I didn’t want to put you in an awkward position if our relationship ever did get out. Couldn’t have people accusing you of playing favourites. Besides having you is more than enough” Steve reminds his fiance.
“Pfft, I can assuuure you we were not. We both have this thing called dignity”
He now realised that Steve and Tony tease each other all the time because they are each others opposite, they are attracted to the challenge the other presents. To put it bluntly, the two of them have been giving each other bedroom eyes in front of the company since Peter started at Marvels.
“Ooohhh we could be like a mascot team! How cute would that be? And I could make us all matching shirts that we could all wear next week!” Clint starts to gesture frantically.
Peter tenses from the comment.
“I dunno. Still sounds like integrating someone into their new role so that we are accumulated with them before their new position is announced.” Jones says, her tone clipped.
“.....no?”
“I probably knew it before you. I could tell everyone in the office was acting fishy”
“Tony? Will you pay for it?” Steve says, a cheeky grin threatening to split his face as Mr Stark turns back in response to his name.
“I think we pretty much have everything sorted or on the way to be at least. I will send a copy of this draft out to everyone once Pepper has finalised it this afternoon. We just need Wilson to arrive so he can be brought up to speed and we can all get back to business.” Mr Stark asserts.
Peter mulls over how they had come to that misunderstanding and finds that weirdly, the man had been Pepper’s shadow all week. What a bizarre coincidence.
Peter becomes extremely guilty. Mr Stark has been nothing but supportive of Peter during this internship. He knows the boss has a lot going on with upcoming announcements and rumoured takeover, he didn’t need to be dealing with the Parker bad luck on top of all that. Luke had been right. If Peter had just reported Fisk’s behaviour to Steve this whole drama could have been avoided but Peter let his pride get in the way and now look where it’s landed everyone.
Peter finds himself standing outside Steve’s apartment a couple of days later. He hovers outside the door, shuffling back and forth, unsure how he is going to be received.
“If Pepper wasn’t babysitting us, there is no way we would get anything done.” Steve's eyes sparkle a little.
Tony stops what he’s doing and looks around at Peter, an indignant frown slowly growing on his face. “You think I would fire one of the company’s best workers because he makes me see red every now and then?” Mr Stark asks, one of his eyebrows raised.
Steve seems to be going to make some other smart comment back. Bucky’s right, the guy can’t seem to help himself. Peter feels obligated to save the poor man from offending the boss any further today. Luckily Jess steps in before Peter has to.
“Worth it.” Steve grunts out “Protecting you.”
“Please. I am a delight.”
“Rogers, don’t look at me like that! It is completely within my right to fire whoever doesn't please me and I know this may come as a surprise but I'm a very petty person.” Mr Stark says.
Steve throws Peter another questioning look but Mr Stark interrupts “Yes. Absolutely Pepper. That is the right answer. Pepper is a godsend.”
It only gets worse when Tony brings up how he received a mysterious love letter in his office, blatantly saying how whoever wrote it must be the biggest sap in existence while Steve seems to get more and more uncomfortable by the conversation, his hands going into tight fists.
“I have a date. I just thought I’d quickly drop beforehand to let you all know I was done tying up the last of the Fisk loose ends with Matt Murdoch. You were right Tony, Matt did spot some things we both missed for the law suit.”
“Like you and Sam weren’t the same when you were engaged?” Peter taunts.
And she’d be crazy to turn down someone like Steve. Everyone around the office talks about how much of a catch the blonde man is. Pepper is also married to her work just like Steve is. They match each other in so many ways. In fact, it’s surprising they ar-. Peter’s thoughts pull up short. Why are they not already together? The two of them have known each other years by now. At least since Steve was hired.
“Hey,” Tony’s voice was soft, a thread of worry in it. “Don’t worry, this doesn’t change anything.”
Where once they might have been a healthy chocolate brown, they had dulled with neglect and were now littered with bald spots. The skeleton of his wings were also unnatural, supported by metal contraptions he had attached permanently to his back. Afghanistan had taken more than his heart. When he came back, his wings crippled, he thought they had taken his soul too.
“So I’m guessing this is not your blood then?” Tony drawled out, raising an eyebrow at Steve, as if daring him to protest.
“Not really,” Tony hedged, eyes darting down to Steve’s chest where he’d sweated through his hoodie and then settling his gaze on the bloody bandages. Tony frowned. “But I figured us fellow insomniacs need to stick together, especially if your way of dealing with it is beating yourself bloody.”
Steve reached for a piece of charcoal and flipped to a new page.
“Nothing!” Steve yelled out, just a little too loudly if the look Tony shot him was any indication. “But maybe we can look at someone else’s art? How about franzwcoffee?” Steve offered up the name rather desperately. Franz was someone Steve had interacted with several times in his comments section. They seemed to be a fan artist too, but not one he’d had the opportunity to see the art of. He’d planned on doing it soon.
“Did you want to use the gym?” Steve asked, voice hoarse. He cleared his throat and grabbed a bottle of water from the desk, drinking it all in one long pull. When he finished, he discarded the bottle, turning to give Tony a raised brow in question.
“You know, if this were a high school au I’d be sliding you a paper asking ‘Do you like me? check yes or no.’” Tony murmured against his lips and he couldn’t help breaking the kiss, a laugh bursting out of him.
“Do you?” Steve challenged, never one to back down. Always pushing forward. “You can just go in there and ask them to help. We wouldn’t mind.”
“Yeah,” Tony let out a slow breath, relieved when the elevator door opened with a ‘ding’ and he could step out into the open space of his workshop. “I know, but you want to.”
“Hey, it’s alright,” Steve spoke from somewhere behind him, a warm palm settling between his wings and on his back. “Anytime you want to stop just say the word.”
“Is everything alright, Captain Rogers?”
The voice pulled him out of his trance, and he stopped the punching bag with stiff hands, only realizing now that he’d bled through the bandages. He hid the grimace on his face as he turned towards the doorway.
“Something on your mind?”
“Sir?” JARVIS’ voice was uncharacteristically hesitant, soft. Though he didn’t have wings of his own, or a body, JARVIS was intelligent and knew enough about the implications of Tony allowing Steve access to his wings.
By the end of it, Tony felt like he was high, his thoughts floating above him as his wings stretched and moved without his permission. There was a sharp intake of breath from behind him, and it wasn’t until JARVIS let out a nervous ‘Sir’ that Tony tuned back in.
Sharing Tony to make him more real, more than just a hero. That was certainly a thought.
“What is it?”
Steve rolled his eyes, crossing his arms and sending Tony a patented Captain glare. “Tony, you’d trust a broken car on ice slick roads with your life. You have no sense of self-preservation.”
“Okay nope, we are doing you first then you can help me,” Tony tugged and shoved until Steve was sitting cross-legged on the floor facing the couch so he could rest his arms on the seat of it. Tony unceremoniously plopped himself behind Steve and then promptly froze, his hands hovering over those wings he’d coveted for so long.
“Just distracted by how gorgeous your wings are,” Tony commented offhandedly, grinning with delight when the dark feathers flared up in embarrassment before settling with a ruffle. “I’m going to start now,” Tony warned, resting a rough hand on the base of the wing where they met Steve’s back.
“Oh,” Tony breathed out, voice rough and eyes wet as he took in the way Steve’s wings were presented to him. Eager, but with a tremble of nerves. “I think I’d like that.”
Tony laughed, an unrepentant grin on his face. “Go do some research, soldier, and have fun with it.”
“Steve Rogers and Tony Stark,” Tony’s voice was firm, pulling away just enough to meet Steve’s look. “Just two unfairly attractive guys who like each other.”
When Steve only raised a brow at him, he sighed and loosened his stance, trying to show that he was serious. “Look, that’s different. I just…” Tony ran a hand through his messy hair, grimacing at the way sweat had matted it down. “I don’t know, I guess I just needed a little push.”
“I was invited to a dance, once.”
It wasn’t always like that though. When he first started living in the Avengers tower, the sketchbooks Tony had bought for him went untouched. He couldn’t bring himself to draw those he had lost, because then it truly was like looking at memories through a hazy film, their features fading with each day he was awake in this new world.
“Ah,” Tony hummed, a sympathetic note to it. “Nightmares?”
“Everything with you,” Steve smiled and pressed a kiss to Tony’s cheek, letting the warmth linger on his lips. The cold waters felt so distant now, but it was still something they shared. “We’ll drown together too.”
It felt like hours later when Steve finally pulled away, just enough to press his forehead against Tony’s. The man was practically in his lap now, and Steve registered the intimate position they were in but he was loathe to change it. He kept his eyes closed, gathering himself after such a vulnerable moment.
The clock blinked
It had been a risk to upload this, Steve knew that, but he truly didn’t think Tony would see it. He’d gotten careless, and his feelings were splashed all over his art in full color.
“So Stony is you and me.”
But that’s what art was for, wasn’t it? To say what can’t or couldn’t be put into words. To speak to those in the past, present, and future, and hope that somehow they would understand what he wanted to convey. It only took him a week to grab a sketchbook, unused to the quality of the pages and the crisp edges, and put pencil to paper. He’d never been one for hesitation, preferring to face his fears head on, and this was no different.
He was stopped yet again by a hand on his arm, and he raised a brow at Steve.
Steve’s eyes were distant as he stared over Tony’s shoulders. “I don’t remember much from my time in the ice. Just the cold. But some days, I can feel it pressing down on me. I imagine that’s how dying feels like, caught in the moment and helpless to do anything about it.”
Tony let out a scoff at that. “Well Cap, if you have the luxury of being able to sleep, you should take it.”
JARVIS’ quiet addition of ‘the Captain speaks the truth’ only made Tony splutter. “I am not that bad.” He frowned, a bit petulant.
When the silence stretched between them for too long, Tony realized he’d been lost in thought and still hadn’t responded to Steve’s generous offer. His eyes darted over to the languid pile of Avengers, drowning in the happy feelings that came of mutual affection and caring touches, before settling on Steve’s impeccable wings. They were straight against his back, almost standing at parade rest, as if they too were soldiers waiting for an order.
“You mind?” Tony asked, but grabbed Steve’s hands before he could answer.
Steve grinned, never one to back down from a challenge. If his smile was more exhausted than teasing, well only Tony was here to see it. “You should’ve seen the other guy.”
Steve held him close, almost desperately, as he pressed his face into Tony’s shoulder. He let all the shivers run through him, the reactions he’d suppressed for so long, the mind-numbing cold that always made him want to tremble. Tony held him through all of it, letting out comforting shushing sounds as he rubbed a warm palm up and down Steve’s back.
If he was afraid, then he could trace it on paper. If he grieved, then he could shade it in colors.
“I’m sure I can help find you a dance partner,” Tony choked out, eyes flashing to the way Steve’s wings were slowly raising behind him, an invitation. “I’ve been told I’m a good wingman.”
Tony shrugged. “Sure, I mean it’s harmless fun. Ohhh check this one out they’re fairly new but I like their stuff.”
“Are those
Tony shoulders pulled up, his fingers tightening on Steve’s for a moment before relaxing. “The rain reminds me of Afghanistan. Water in general reminds me of it. Being waterboarded wasn’t exactly a walk in the park.”
A thought occurred to him then, and he felt his wings go slack with horror. “Are you telling me that you haven’t asked any of us to groom you because you thought you didn’t need it?”
But he wondered if maybe it would hurt less if he let himself dream. If he let himself feel.
Tony felt a flash of jealousy at that, which was
Tony’s lips twisted, an echo of a smile, though the tight lines at the corners of his eyes showed his true insecurities. “I know that.”
Tony for his part seemed a bit sheepish about throwing Steve into the deep end. Honestly, it was a miracle Steve had not encountered any of the more risqué fanarts, but apparently JARVIS had been screening his online searches ‘for his sanity’. There were no such restrictions in Tony’s lab which led to their current predicament.
Tony turned towards the voice, his wings perking up in recognition even though he immediately shoved them back down. He’d been blocking the doorway, and he moved to the side to let Steve step in. His eyes scanned the room, taking in the domestic scene before focusing on Tony. Steve’s wings were neat and orderly, a mix of dark blue and black that lent them a dangerous look. To put it simply, they were very attractive wings, and Tony knew he wasn’t the only one that coveted them.
The man was just so dynamic and alive. The way he interacted with his bots, his brilliance as he waved a hand and like magic, bright blue screens would surround him. He was like a performer on stage and Steve was constantly overwhelmed by how amazing he was.
He groomed the wings thoroughly and with a single-minded focus, until he was finally done and the wings looked even more perfect than before.
Turns out, he wasn’t the only one that enjoyed drawing the Avengers. He found his first fan account on the ‘Instagram’. JARVIS had said it was for photos, but an account called monii.anoo seemed to use it to post stylized art of the Avengers.
“Yes,” Steve said, and for the first time, it felt like it was a choice he’d made for himself, rather than for the greater good or because he had to. “Yes, to everything.”
“I’d rather we keep each other afloat,” Tony’s hand cupped his cheek, tilting his head up until he could meet Tony’s eyes. “How about it? Wanna be my sexy lifejacket?”
Tony’s brows scrunched together and he stared at Steve before they softened into understanding. “You slept for decades.”
“Yes, Captain?”
With one last stroke of those gorgeous wings, Tony stood and stretched a bit, taking in the ache of his own messy wings. Steve followed suit, but a bit more slowly as the shivers of pleasure went through his body. It only took a minute before he was turning to Tony, eyes bright and eager.
Finally, it was Tony that broke the weird mood and stood up. He turned to Steve, staring at him for a long moment before smirking. “So, I’ll ask JARVIS to remove the safety search on your phone. You should check out some fics, the tentacle one Franz made also has a story that goes with it. Look up the name FestiveFerret and you should find it.”
Drawing them made them seem more real, enough that he felt like he could let them go. They’d lived their lives, and even though it hurt that he hadn’t been there by their sides, he knew he had to live his own life as well.
Steve opened his mouth but he didn’t know what he would have said because in the next moment his mouth snapped shut with a harsh click of teeth. On the screen, blown up wide was…his art.
“Yes, if you would like I can scan your art pieces. They can be uploaded with near accurate colors.”
Steve licked his lips, and bolstered by the fact that Tony’s eyes couldn’t help but dart down to watch, he leaned in close. “And if I did?”
at him from his bedside table, and other than the soft glow of the city streaming in from his windows, it was dark. His eyes were heavy, but he knew sleep wouldn’t come for him. Not that he wanted to sleep. He’d learned that the darkness of night only reminded him of the persistent stasis he’d been in. He’d slept for over six decades, and every time he fell asleep, he couldn’t help wondering if he would wake up again.
xxxxxx
It was rhythmic in a way that was so much harsher than the sound of rain. A steady, ‘thump, thump, thump’. Like a heartbeat, a rush of blood as he finally started feeling warm again. He reveled in the pain in his knuckles. It was proof that he was alive. Anything was better than the numbness of the cold.
“Sort of,” Tony sipped at his whiskey, eyeing Steve carefully. “It’s kind of in a more romantic context. We’re a pretty big ship.”
“Would you like me to call someone for you?”
xxxxxx
“Need a hand?”
“Wait,” Tony tried to sound firm even as his heart sped up a bit. “I’ll let you groom me if I can do the same for you.”
He traced the lines on Tony’s face with a soft finger, smudging the charcoal and adding shadows to his already distinct features.
“Captain America and Iron Man?” Steve couldn’t help but ask, a hitch in his voice as he pressed closer, trying to ask what he didn’t know how to put into words.
, but even he’d never had the chance to touch Steve’s wings. Sure they’d brushed against his Iron Man suit during battle, and sometimes they had to literally carry and drag each other away from dangerous situations, but he’d never had the chance to touch them with his bare skin.
“I see you found the fanart.”
“I see you’ve been on AO3,” Tony grinned, eyes flashing with mischief. “Have fun telling your fandom friends that Stony is canon.”
He wanted to say.
“Good.” Steve was the one to cross the brief space between them, just enough to press his lips to Tony’s. The kiss was slow and almost drugging, languid and gentle. There were teasing licks, and sharper bites as they took comfort in each other.
Once he figured out how tags worked, though most of the ones on Tumblr seemed to be useless, he was able to follow some blogs. Many of them were scenic art blogs, some were character studies of various cartoons that seemed to be popular.
It was raining again.
Steve took notes diligently as he asked his questions and delved deeper into the ‘fandom’, as he’d learned it was called. So far, he was firmly considered part of the Avengers fandom, and apparently the Tony one as well? He did draw Tony an awful lot.
“Do you mean it?”
His first attempt at integrating into the new century involved looking through things on the internet. It amazed him that all this information was readily available, and he was eager to take advantage of it. He wanted to find a site where he could connect with other artists, maybe even make some friends. He waded through some rather suspicious sites, including a ‘Tumblr’ and what seemed to be a ’Twitter’ for birds. He made an account on those regardless, just in case.
Steve went through as much as he could before he called it a day and went down to the workshop. JARVIS took him to the lab, and Steve smiled when he saw Tony using a welding torch, a mask on his face protecting him from the sparks. He raised a hand to knock on the glass but paused when the door slid open automatically.
,” Tony groaned, wondering how the Captain had survived so long depriving himself of something that was basically necessary for emotional and mental stability. Even Tony with his trauma over his wings had eventually given in. “How long has it been since you were groomed?”
“WHAT IS THAT WHY ARE YOU SO TINY-“
For a while, Steve was content doing what he’d always done, and that was sketching the people he loved. To immortalize them through art and shade their features with steady, reliable charcoal.
Steve closed his eyes.
“Sounds like a plan.”
about this. Had apparently put some weight on grooming Tony’s wings. Clearly this meant more to him than he was letting on.
He stared at the reply for a few seconds, a smile on his face as he succeeded in his first interaction with a stranger not as Captain America, but as Steve Rogers. He scrolled through their account and his eyes widened when he noticed what seemed to be physical art on their account. The image on his phone was crisp, as if he was there looking at their paper in person.
One near meltdown and some hard whiskey later, Steve was still no closer to any answers.
Tony shrugged, but wouldn’t meet his eyes as he finished unwrapping Steve’s hands. He let out a hiss of sympathy at the blood before grabbing the wet towel and softly patting at his knuckles. “When are things not wrong?”
“I’ll take your word for it then,” Steve’s reply was dry as he fought down a smile, trying to seem stern. “After all, everything you’ve introduced me to has been really eye-opening.”
“I’m not interested in pushing you into anything you don’t want,” Steve sounded slightly appalled that Tony would ask that of him, and he was glad Steve had such incredible control over his wings because he knew they would be flared out in response to his emotions.
Steve blinked before he leaned in close, lips pressed together in concern. He knew he had his “Captain face” on, as the team liked to call it. “Is there something wrong?”
, um. I didn’t know you were staying up to date on their recent stuff.”
. Tony knew he was more vocal than Steve was, but his wings were much more damaged and any sort of grooming helped ease the pain, just enough for every touch to be a rush of relief. He whimpered and groaned through each stroke of Steve’s fingers, and let out whines of pleasure as Steve coaxed his molting feathers out from where they hid.
“You said that if anyone needed you, they should come to you.”
That wasn’t the response Tony had anticipated, but there was a certain gleam in Steve’s eyes as he took in Tony’s battered wings. It was almost like longing. Steve’s fingers twitched, an aborted motion, and Tony’s eyes dropped down to them.
His hands were steady when he settled them on Tony’s hips, but his tight grip gave away his nerves.
They grinned at each other, hearts lighter and cheeks flushed with happiness. Outside, the rain slowly stopped. Dawn peeked out of dissipating storm clouds, and the world held its breath.
Steve paused where he was coloring in his blue eyes. This one was a medieval au, and Steve was the dashing prince on a horse. Tony was the stable boy, and he was looking up at Steve with a flirtatious smile, a hand resting on Steve’s thigh as he leaned against the horse.
It was true, Tony had tried once on the roof. Had tried to do the traditional dance that courting couples engaged in, but he’d almost fallen to his death and it was only JARVIS’ quick intervention with an Iron Man suit that had saved him.
Steve truly did want to groom him, which was an odd thought on its own, but Tony didn’t dwell on it. He tried to relax his body, breathing forcibly steady as he counted in his head.
“I already trust you,” Tony replied, mildly confused. He paused. “I trust you with my life.”
with longing, almost wistful.
In all their time together, since the Avengers formed and started living in the tower, Tony had never seen anyone groom Steve’s wings. He thought maybe it was because Steve was a private person, but everyone needed grooming eventually. It was a deep set need, a yearning for familiarity and bonding actions that no one was resistant against.
Steve didn’t expect an answer but minutes later, there was a ‘ping’ sound.
Sam, one of the other picture editors, chucks his friend a weary look so Peter assumes it must be the latter of the two.
“I can’t believe this! I’ve been here for years. My loyalty to Marvels is unparalleled and I still get cut to size at every turn. If it had been anyone else making the suggestion you all would have jumped on the story.” Fisk grips, seeming ready to make a big fuss.
Fuck, Peter shakes his hands in the air to clear up Steve’s misunderstanding. He should have known Steve would have a possessive streak “No. No. Don’t worry, no obsession. Just an observation. I swear. Happily in a relationship and not looking to change that.”
“Fuck no. Steve is terrible at flirting and think he isn’t as great a catch as he actually is. Since he refuses to let his best wingman help him out, a sneak attack is the only option.”
“You saw no such bird, Idiot!” Steve drawls goodnaturedly as he dodges out the way “That would require you to be have been coherent enough before your second coffee.”
“If we could focus please.” Pepper demands, instantly gaining everyone in the room’s attention once more.
Bucky looks like he is about to go after Logan and deny everything but he stops when Steve walks through the door. There’s a moment of hesitation as everyone just stare at one another. Steve gives them all a weird look as he pulls out a blue mug for his daily earl grey, choosing not to comment.
Peter stares at Tony because the remark is dripping with intent. He wants to fade into the wall, feeling like he is now invading in on a private moment.
“You weren’t supposed to find out about that! Who told you? It was Felicia, wasn’t it? That girl never understood the definition of loyalty” Jones whines.
“Whatever you are choosing Thor for I’m sure it would only end in disaster.” Steve cuts in.
“You’re a braver man than I am” Peter whispers to Clint, who just smirks.
“Yeah yeah, we are all surprised.”
They continue to bicker and Jess slowly turns back to Peter with an expectant look on her face. Peter feels like he is missing something here but he can’t even begin to imagine what it might be.
“Oh sorry, were you not offering this to me?” Steve challenges while Mr Stark keeps making strange whining noises from the back of his throat.
So when Peter had then somehow gained enough attention from publisher and recent owner Tony Stark, THE Tony Stark himself, to be invited to sit in on meetings, boy, he may as well have actually died and gone to heaven.
“You all are idiots” Peter catches her muttering as they all try to shift their attention back to what Pepper is going over.
“Do you not think Pepper is pretty?”
“T’challa!” the group yell at him in unison.
He’d had a chance earlier to sneak over to Steve’s desk to look for clues but the only thing that gave him any sort of hints was an old photo frame on Steve’s desk. In it was a picture of a petite blonde woman with stricking eyes and soft smile with a younger Steve kissing the blonde on the cheek. He’d never seen a person able to photograph with such fierce determination before and if this was the kind of woman Steve was attracted to then Peter was in for a rough search.
Peter likes Jessica. She was another one of the scarily efficient women that worked at Marvels but she was also one of the only employees that is closer to Peter’s age. While intimidating, she understands a lot of Peter’s references and trying to get her to crack up has become one of Peter’s favourite office activities.
Peter shuts his eyes as he feels his chest fill with pride. Impressing THE Tony Stark is so exciting that Peter can hardly think straight. Which is probably the reason he stupidly says what he says next.
Peter turns the sketch around to show Luke. The large man whistles as his eyes look over the drawing.
As the noise comes from the end of the gun everything in the room kind of slows down. Peter, having had all the wind knocked out of him, reaches out towards his boss. He knows there is nothing he can do from the floor, but desperately needs to prevent what is about to happen. Tony’s body flinches up and a look of surprise morphs into horror when he realises what Fisk has done.
Luke huffs “That place is a mansion, Stark. You’re crazy for thinking about leaving it.”
“Right! I think I’ll just be handing your position off to my minion right here and I’ll have you thrown out to the streets if you’re going to be such a drama queen.” Mr Stark shrugs a little as Peter gives him a questioning look. The boss’s eyes are alight with amusement.
Wait, Peter thinks, had Pepper gotten Happy to warn Steve off when Happy still worked as security? No, surely not. Why would anyone reject Steve?
“I know!! I could have kicked myself for not seeing it sooner. Can’t you just imagine them all stupid happy, with their perfect job and perfect babies and being all accomplished and stuff. Making the rest of us feel bad and unsuccessful while we watch on.” Peter cries dramatically, using his hands to emphasis the importance of his discovery.
“Great” Steve says. “By the way, I came in here to let Peter know that the boss wants to chat with you when you are free.”
Peter has to give it to the blonde. Here Steve is, having his nemesis rub into his face how much love he receives when Steve hasn’t had anything going himself in years and yet he’s just sitting here and listening. Peter would have at least stormed off by now.
“What? Oh yeah! Stark’s been having weekly meetings with Drew because he’s preparing a big announcement in the next week. Something about a new direction for him. I’m just- Well I haven’t been on the outs of something like that in a couple of years so I’m... curious to know what Stark has planning that requires so many secrets.” Steve runs a hand across his face, a tired look in his eyes.
“And what is that?”
“Then why did you all go along with them?” Clint challenges.
It wasn’t fun.
“Well, maybe if you had been here for the first three-quarters of this meeting Wilson, you may have been able to persuade us,” Pepper glowers coolly. “However, since you weren't we found within the group discussion that the viewers will respond better to the Vibranium article. That it is more in trend and a major interest of our readers at the moment.”
“Dumbass” And the blonde says it the same way he always has but Peter hears what he’d never been able to identify before. The warmth and fondness that flowered Steve’s tone was hard to miss now. Especially when accompanied with the action of Steve pulling the boss in to kiss him on the forehead.
“Guess again!”
“You have no choice. You were already in.”
“Peter. Pepper and Happy have been married for years now.” Luke informs carefully, in a tone that one would usually use when talking to a five-year-old.
Peter groans, silently wanting to kill Fisk for the third time that day.
“You all seriously think Tony would trust anyone other than Pepper with being in charge of this magazine?” Jess chastises but most of the group don’t look discouraged. “Numbskulls”
“What’s that Sam? I can take whatever I want because you think I’m just awesome? Thanks, you are a pal!” Steve says drily.
“Make sure someone gets a photo of that.” Mr Stark yells down the hallway. Peter thinks the man means for it to be snarky but it comes out more like a plea.
Sam seems to be contemplating this as Luke chimes in “We’re in.” gesturing to himself and his girlfriend “Purely to see the look on all your faces when this continues to backfire.”
Steve’s body language has shut off and his face glowering at Mr Stark while the brunette is wringing at a napkin and refusing to look at the stern face opposite him. Peter can see now that the conversation in the cafe today was mild in comparison to the two men actually bumping heads.
Peter tries to clear the back of his throat but his mouth has gone completely dry.
Wilson Fisk and Peter had not made the best first impression with each other, which is terrible seeing as how Fisk is in charge of a chunk of Peter’s internship.
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
“This isn’t a situation I can just punch my way out of Steve. I know that’s your forte but something like this requires far more delicacy.” Stark hisses icily. “I’m sorry if how I’m handling this is hurting your feelings but your lack of faith is approaching offensive.”
Also, if Jones is right about Steve being a closet-romantic then he will absolutely melt at some of the crazy suggestions, Peter figures reluctantly as he hands the piece of paper off.
“Besides” Tony continues “You’re not doing too badly for your age. When I was your age I was -”
Observing how they all radiate a confident and strong energy, Peter finds he is a little thrown by how the only one that matches the intensity of the strong brunette publisher was, surprisingly, from the broad-shouldered blonde picture editor. Steve is as huddled and as a part of the quickfire conversation as everyone else, not looking out of place with the higher-ups at all.
“EWW” Peter backs away in horror “Why do you have to describe it like that?”
Peter knows he should appreciate the sentiment but he doesn’t need anything getting his hopes up. Peter averts his gaze away from Jess’s sympathetic gaze and slumps further into his chair. Jess, choosing not to push him any further, comes over to look at his screen.
Stark has only recently started taking on his dad’s role as publisher and so was currently juggling it with his old role of editor-in-chief while he looked for a suitable replacement for his old position. Meaning there really was no time for Mr Stark to not be in the thick of everything.
Steve bristles for a second before all the fight seeps out of him and his face floods with guilt. “Yeah, okay. I see your point. I’m going to go see Pepper before her meeting with T’challa now. If I run into Stark I’ll let him know that I’ll back off Wilson for him.”
“Second? Pfft this is my fourth.”
"Listen to that sarcasm. Barton is a bad influence on you." Luke chuckles silently as he pulls his girlfriend closer into him.
“Absolutely not. The only good thing out of this is the fact that I’m now getting 12 percent of the company. And after the bullshit you both started pulling in these last few weeks, I’m in good mind to raise it up to 20”
“Who did you think I was trying to hook him up with?”
“The decision has been made, Wilson. You have a problem then set a meeting up with Pepper and me privately to air it out.” He states. “Be off my minions and do my bidding!!” Reading the room and abruptly bringing the meeting to a close.
“You do have something good going with Luke though. I’m happy for you.” Jones blushes a little as Peter compliments her “Any advice on how to get Steve to go along with my scheme?”
Steve hesitates, waiting to see where Peter is going.
“But he still ended up being one step ahead of me Steven! And I almost lost you because of it. What if I had lost you honey?” Tony says, as close to panicking as Peter has ever seen him.
Never turn down a challenge.
Peter lets out a quiet stunned breath at the gesture. Just like that, he understood something he hadn’t before. One more piece of that jigsaw puzzle, a piece he hadn’t known he was missing.
Clint menacingly turns to Peter “Is that true?”
“I will!” she says over her shoulder.
Steve stops chewing and looks up at him wide-eyed and innocent “Would you like it back?”
“So how are things going with Tony?” Peters whispers.
“Ummm… Could have done without spying that. Sometimes I hate being me” Peter squeezes his eyes shut, trying to burn the image from his mind.
Peter secretly smiles as he walks away. He’s glad to be leaving with the feeling that everything is going to work itself out after all.
“Umm... Danny with the eyebrow and nipple piercing?”
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
“Go on kid. Tell us. I have a feeling this is going to be good.” Logan says, an excited smirk on his stupid face.
Peter goes to open his mouth again but the boss doesn’t let him continue.
“I thought he was over that!” he says accusatory.
“Have I told you how much you remind me of my sister? Make sure I introduce you one day. She would never forgive me if she thought I was keeping the two of you separate.” T’challa chuckles, gives Peter a friendly slap on the arm before moving off towards where Stark and Rhodes headed.
“Alright, you’ve made your point. Let’s hop to it you walking cement wall.”
“I tried hinting that to Steve the other day but he is adamant that he won’t be receiving a promotion. The poor guy, I mean what more does the fella have to do? I know he and Stark smash heads a lot but if Tony is using that as a reason for bypassing Steve then he needs to take a good hard look at himself.” Clint spits out while Luke’s face becomes sour as the conversation continues.
“His book is a mess. There were plenty of pages already ripped out. I doubt he will notice this one until it’s too late. And by then he will be happily accepting a date because said picture has illuminated his feelings.”
And no, petty was not his middle name. This was about justice and war! He tells his MJ sounding self-conscious.
“Did you hurt anything badly?” Jones asks, a concerned frown on her face as she helps him up.
Bloody Clint and his tendency for hyperbola. The ass had made it out as if Steve was being stifled unjustly for the last few years. Had nobody realised Steve had been offered to take a higher position?
Steve appears quite chuffed by Luke’s compliments while Tony seems to be debating on whether or not to be upset about being called adorable.
He draws himself away a little, hoping he won’t have to get involved. Jess sits quietly and makes a big deal of examining her nails, clearly having the same idea as Peter.
By the end of the day, Fisk is being called by legal to pack his stuff and banned from Marvels premise for the foreseeable future. The man is livid and most of security has to be there as he is sent out. Even Happy swings by to make sure the man doesn’t get violent.
“Well if it isn’t the doughnut thief!?”
Peter nods his head miserably “I don’t want to risk using it again since the Macy’s Incident”
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
“If you can make me the highest offer, it’s yours”
Everyone is silent for a moment.
The crowd goes wild from that announcement. Peter wishes he could celebrate along with everybody else but didn’t dare make any sudden movements with the gun still in Fisk’s hands.
“What not even Pepper?”
“I hear they are Pepper’s favourite.” Peter says, deliberately causal. It’s a little white lie because Logan, needing to be at least a little unhelpful, had decided to bake T’challas favourite baked food instead. The wanker. “Maybe you can take a couple up to share with her?”
T’challa chuckles but shakes his head. “It wouldn’t be nearly as good if you two hadn’t helped me collect all these memories for the man.”
Seeing red, Peter lashes out. “I always thought large gentlemen were meant to be jolly, Willie. Are you seriously mad at me because people find me personable? Well, let me clear something up for you. People don’t dislike you because you’re better than them, Fisk. They dislike you because you’re a dickwad”
“You basically run the place already” Clint points out.
“Ughh, if I find out the Marvel rumour mill is like a gossip girl type situation I’m going to throw up. Jones better watch her back. She’s quippy and I’m quippy and when we get together we quip but quipwise, I think that I’m the better quipper. She has no chance.”
Steve’s mouth drops and looks at Peter slightly horrified “I don’t have a death wish Peter.”
“And it’s about to get worse, Parker.” A sinister voice comes from the other side of the patio.
As Peter enters the elevator to head up to the level with Mr Stark and Pepper’s offices, he thinks about the task ahead of him.
Peter decides to head to the staff kitchen and arrives to find Sam chatting with two sub-editors, Bucky and Logan, the former being Sam's fiance.
Peter comes across a sketch of Pepper. A stunnnnninggggg sketch of Pepper.
Making a run for it, Peter chucks Fisk a cheeky grin and then ducks into the elevator with Steve before the doors close, leaving the giant standing there getting red in the face as he fiddled with his pants.
“Strange. I would have thought Steve and Pepper would still be chatting in there.” Peter whispers to Luke.
“Eh. He grows on you.”
Peter’s levels of panic are at an all-time high again. He can feel a cold sweat running down the back of his neck and is desperately trying to keep breathing in order to stop himself from doing something life-threatening- like fainting.
“Hey Yenta!”
Luke scoffs “You truly are the best of us, Barton”
“Obnoxious?”
Peter freezes up, moaning in despair at his bad luck. Fisk is storming across towards Steve, daggers in his eyes.
The trending hashtag that came from it was funny for about two minutes before Howard lost his shit.
Mr. I’m An Emotionally Constipated Dumbass Who Doesn’t Know When To Drop Feelings.”
“Lemme guess. You said yes, didn't you.”
Sharon barks out a laugh, affectionately pushing Tony away. “Let’s collectively agree that you never said that to me, hm? Steve,” her eyes turn soft. Her smile, softer. And Tony takes a step back as the two share space. Existing in one another’s worlds while he stands, an outsider. Taking in but never partaking. “This… is incredible. Are those tulips for me?”
They’ve been playing  for hours. Immediately after Steve left Tony made a beeline for Rhodey’s house. He was on edge, twitchy, and head full of buzzing. He needed some grounding, and a solid slap of reality to his face.
Tony, despite the win, feels utterly loss. Like a wound, open and raw and aching hoping someone will put some attention on it. But he has the attention. He has all the tools he needs to address the wounds. But he won’t.  Rhodey’s right. He’s already made the moves to make Steve happy but at the same time he’s coming out broken and cut. It’s frustrating and annoying and he
finished their talk about him needing space. To go back to her then and there would have felt like a defeat.
. Tony Stark who, on campus, has gained quite the reputation for being egotistical and not much of a joy to be around. Someone you had to chip and chip until you finally got a real glimpse of his personality. Yet Steve never saw him that way.
Two weeks later.
to stop.
he’s become so damned predictable.
Who in their right mind sets up a beautiful venue for a once in a lifetime date so the person they’re crushing on can ultimately woo their significant other. Tony. Tony motherfucking Stark that’s who. The biggest idiot to ever be a genius. Or would it be the biggest genius to ever be an idiot? Maybe he should call Rhodey, figure out what order made the most sense and-
He really couldn’t handle her withering look, mixed with disappointment and sadness, that would stain his thoughts after the fact. No, he was not about to do that to himself today.
Steve’s being open to him. Bearing his soul in front of rose bushes and ivy walls and a live band now playing
“No, I mean. I am-after this. After the anniversary. No,” Tony shakes his head at Rhodey’s pointed glare. “Don’t gimmie that look. I already committed and I’m not gonna flake before I finish what I said I would. After that…after the anniversary, I’m going to ghost.”
.” he mocks.
sorry for the delay ! i was planning to get this out sooner but writer's block had me by the neck. now I'M holding writer's block by the neck. get CUCKED.
Here he is, a man so in love and so vulnerable and open. And it’s to Tony of
“How do they…” Steve struggled with words for a moment, trying to remember the terminology. “Is it possible to ‘upload’ physical art onto the internet?”
“I don’t want to miss out on any more dances, Tony.”
“Oh,” Steve breathed out a sigh of relief before tensing up, once he registered what that meant. “
Steve looked up at the ceiling after another dazed moment, trying to focus. “Yes.”
And yeah, Tony knew all about it. Knew about Aunt Peggy and how they had been so close to courtship.
It seemed a majority of his new friends were in the Stony fandom. One of his frequent commenters, AvengersNewB actually wrote Stony fanfiction. He’d decided to read a few of them, and others his friends had recommended to him, and well…he could see why Tony liked them. They were fantastical fun adventures, ones that had all the risks but none of the consequences. There were happy endings and soft moments that Steve ached for.
“Fics?” Steve asked, standing up and grabbing his things as he went. He was a little afraid to ask as every new terminology seemed to be attached to some truly mind boggling feats of pornography, but he wasn’t about to let a little bare skin and slimy tentacles scare him.
“Fanart,” Tony waved a hand and a screen pulled up in front of them. He shoved at Steve until he reluctantly moved over and they were both snug on the couch. “See, people are fascinated by us and they tend to draw us to kind of…let out their feelings I guess.”
Capsicle.”
And not just any art, it was the one he’d drawn of Tony sleeping on the very couch they were sitting on. Tony had an arm slung over his eyes, mouth half open and tempting. The glow of his arc reactor gave the scene a nice glow, a soft blanket of blue.
“Uhm,” Steve swallowed hard. “I didn’t know you kept track of stuff like this.”
“Remember that fanartist I told you about?”
He glanced up at Tony, now more subdued and working with thin wires, and wondered if his appreciation for Tony would become a problem. Shaking his head, he packed up and left with a quick ‘goodnight’.
Steve stood, barely paying attention to the bots beeping and weaving around his feet. He moved towards Tony as if drawn by a beacon. Tony waved a hand and the screen disappeared, the air between them clear again.
“Right…”
“Then it’s a date.”
“Well what else would you draw? I’m obviously the sexiest thing here so get to it, Cap,” Tony gestured to the couch before slapping his mask back down and firing up the torch.
“Is that a yes?” Tony asked, hesitant for the first time since they’d started this. They had their foreheads pressed together again, warm breath touching sensitive lips.
“Yup, all clean. You’ll be the prettiest bird on the block.”
“Oh I more than just keep track of it,” Tony smiled at Steve and Steve let out a sigh of relief when Tony swiped his fingers and his art was hidden away again. He let out a muffled cough when another one of his art pieces flashed onto the screen. “I revel in this shit. I mean look how talented our fans are. ‘CaptainPopsicle’,” Tony sounded the name out loud, a smirk growing on his face as he glanced at Steve. “I see this one is a Captain America fan.”
“Oh,” Steve breathed out, his free hand twitching at his side. He wanted to comfort, but he wasn’t sure how, not when he was barely functioning and lost in his own traumatic memories. “The rain sucks, doesn’t it?”
“The Captain said ‘not since before the ice’,” Even JARVIS’ voice had a note of disapproval in it and Tony was more than justified when he let out a slow breath through his nose, trying to hold in his heartbreak over the fact that Steve had not been groomed in over
You see, back in his day (and yes, he knew that if he said that out loud Tony would never let him live it down. It’s why he only said it in his head or in the privacy of his room with God and JARVIS as his only witnesses), everything was handwritten or manually drawn. Sure, mass production had been on the rise, but it certainly wasn’t wasted on frivolous things such as art.
Steve cleared his throat and straightened his posture, trying to look unaffected. “I know.”
There was a small pile gathering next to him, and he considered keeping them and laying them out on his bed. Make his bed a nest that would smell like Steve. He had to shake himself out of those thoughts. Absolutely not. Nope, he wasn’t going to even start down that road.
But maybe he could change that.
“Did you know people draw us?”
Steve mouth dropped open in surprise, his wings rustling in what seemed to be a nervous gesture. “If you want, but there’s not much grooming that needs to be done. The serum usually takes care of everything.”
Steve murmured something under his breath, and just when Tony was about to ask him to speak up, JARVIS cut in.
? Holy fu- they’re in you-“ Steve was making seal noises at this point, his entire face bright red and eyes wide as Tony scrambled to get the fanart off the screen.
“It doesn’t matter,” Tony replied, wings resting against his back as he felt the exhaustion take over him. “I can’t- even if I wanted to I can’t do the courtship dance. Not with my fucked up wings.”
Tony didn’t trust himself to speak so he just nodded. There was a beat of silence before he felt steady fingers comb through the base of his feathers.
. Jesus Christ!
“We don’t have to,” Steve’s tone was gentle, and maybe it was that show of kindness that made Tony relax, his arms dropping down to his sides and breaking the touch. “You’re in control here.”
The cold that took away years and years, keeping him on the edge of death.
“What kind of art?” Steve clutched at his paper a little tighter, holding his breath as he waited for Tony’s answer.
Steve’s eyes shot to Tony’s, taking in the determined expression and the pain in his eyes before Tony was leaning over and engulfing him in warmth. His hands flew up automatically, but they hovered over Tony’s back for a few seconds, unsure.
“I wasn’t-,” Steve’s protest was cut short when Tony crossed the gym with a determined stride and grabbed his hand. He froze, a different kind of warmth filling him as he watched the way Tony’s eyebrows scrunched together in concern, a displeased twist to his mouth completing the picture.
Steve let out a huff of laughter, his head pressing down on Tony’s shoulder, closing his eyes against the calm he felt. As if the storms had passed. “As long as you’re mine.”
Another shudder, and he pressed his lips together as he reached into his closet and pulled out a hoodie. He threw that on top of his shirt and tugged on a pair of sweatpants.
“Oh,” Steve breathed out, clutching his sketchbook a little closer to his chest as he felt something warm take hold in his heart. That was…well it was certainly a gesture of trust. He’d had a rocky start with Tony, and that was why he had wanted to make sure things were still good, that he hadn’t messed it up with his stubbornness. They were similar in a lot of ways, and their mutual inability to compromise led to arguments more often than not, but he truly did like Tony.
He’d come down a few times before, but Tony had always needed to give express permission for the doors to open. Having access to what was essentially Tony’s heart and home, the very core of him, was humbling.
Steve smiled into the next kiss. Maybe those fics were onto something after all.
Well this fucking sucked.
“That’s a really fancy way of saying you find me hot.”
He sat up.
“Yours?” Steve whispered, mouth just a breath away from Tony’s.
“Thank you, JARVIS, I think I’ll hold off on that for now,” Steve muttered, lost in thought as he glanced at the sketchbook he had open next to him and then to his phone screen. The image looked so real, it was astonishing how physical art could be transformed into a digital format in such a way.
The Tony in these fics almost always had a crush on Steve, remnants of his childhood idolization of Captain America. Those ones always left him feeling a little hollow because he could see it happening, but he would never be sure if Tony liked him for him, or because he was Captain America. It was a distinction that even he had trouble seeing some days.
“But I can’t-“
It was painful. He didn’t expect something clearly created out of love, these fics and fanart, to give him so many emotions. Steve rubbed at his chest, a frown on his face as his eyes flicked over to his open sketchbook. He’d never really drawn himself, preferring to study others.
“Hmm,” Tony let out a hum, thoughtful and careful as he wiped his hands free of engine oil and turned around, enough so that he could lean against the table behind him and fix an inscrutable look on Steve. “It just gave me some ideas, that’s all.”
Steve had sounded so sure. It wasn’t pity. It was something else.
“Sort of,” Nightmares were transient and fleeting. In the waking world, they could be ignored, but his memories were what haunted his dreams. Perhaps it was worse, knowing he could never forget. Steve looked down at their hands, marveling at how focused and gentle Tony could be, his tanned fingers wiping a towel against Steve’s lighter skin.  “I just don’t like to sleep.”
“Ah fuck.”
“I don’t actually have insomnia,” Steve blurted out, unsure why he’d offered up that bit of information. Maybe he really did need someone. Maybe Tony being here and sharing parts of his own struggles made Steve want to share as well.
“Because I want to.”
It was good to remember, because then, they would never die. Not as long as they lived on in his memories.
But he’d pulled himself together and created top-of-the-line prosthetics for his wings. It was enough for him to glide when needed, though he still needed the Iron Man suit to properly fly. He knew he may have been someone desirable, but his wings had never matched his facade. They were a boring color compared to the rainbow of wings that others were lucky enough to be born with. Still, grooming was a social practice, and though he was somewhat relieved he wouldn’t need to feel someone else’s hands on his wings, it also hurt not to be included.
“Sorry, just ignore that. Natural reaction to being groomed, you know how it is,” Tony’s laugh was just a little too sharp.
“You don’t have to,” Tony’s words were halting, tripping over his tongue as his wings rustled sharply.
“You could say that,” Tony responded lightly, sharing a grim smile with Steve. It was perhaps a morbid thing to bond over, but in that moment, Steve felt less alone. Tony finished cleaning Steve’s left hand then moved to his right, carefully unwinding the bandages and repeating the process. “I was down in my workshop- that’s usually how I deal with it, by inventing- when JARVIS told me you were up too.”
“What’s canon?”
Steve watched the whole thing as if he were in a dream, one hand holding the other and idly rubbing at the bandages, pressing onto it. There was no sting of pain.
“Amazing right?” Tony continued on, oblivious to Steve’s internal panic.
Steve shrugged, unable to meet Tony’s eyes as he muttered. “Didn’t want to be a bother.”
He created an account after some deliberation and left a nice comment. It had been difficult to decide on a username, but one of the first lessons Tony had given him was not to use his real name online. The thought of Tony had inspired his username.
Their stories were over, and their epilogues had been written, but his chapter was just beginning.
It was fine, nobody had to know and it would be a secret between him and his art.
The words were blurted out without his permission, and he watched with interest as Tony’s face went through several emotions: shock, concern, and then seemed to settle on amusement.
Steve tilted his head, and in that moment, his piercing eyes reminded Tony of a bird of prey. “You know, it’s not that they don’t want to include you. They know you feel uncomfortable being groomed. They don’t want to pressure you.”
Tony didn’t want to voice his thoughts, didn’t want the bitterness to spill on his tongue and ruin the fragile bonds of friendship he had with the rest of the Avengers. He didn’t need pity, and he knew it would only be out of pity that they’d agree to groom him.
Drowning was one of the worst ways to die. Nobody ever talked about it, but it wasn’t the water that killed you in the end. It was the cold. The cold that shocked you into taking a deep breath, the cold that seeped into your pores and numbed you to the point of complacency.
Tony glanced around the large living room, a little lost as he stood there in his sweaty undersuit, his wings messy and dragging on the ground. The Avengers had all paired off for grooming after a long battle: Natasha with Clint, Bruce with Thor, and it left Tony alone. He didn’t blame them, he wouldn’t want to touch his wings either.
“You see this?” Tony enlarged the fanart until it was on the mug. “Yeah, I don’t believe in coincidences and the chance of someone knowing that’s the cup I use and even get the chip on the handle right is zero to none. So either we have some serious security breaches or…” Tony trailed off and bit his bottom lip, this time his eyes were a bit softer, almost hopeful. “CaptainPopsicle is
“Well then,” Tony sounded breathless, a little stunned if the sudden tight grip he had on Steve’s shoulders was any indication. “I wouldn’t mind warming you up, soldier.”
“And leave you to have a one-man insomnia party? Nah, I’d rather be here.”
“No, like-,” Tony let out a huff of laughter. “A ‘ship’ is what they call a pair they wish to be together romantically. So you and I are ‘shipped’ together.”
The days after that were a blur. Steve spent most of it curled up on any surface closest to open windows and warm sunlight, sketching until it hurt. Sketching until there were tears in his eyes from more than stiff muscles. After that, he stared at familiar teasing eyes, a tilted soldier’s hat on a neat head of hair, and grieved. He traced perfectly coiffed curls and sharp eyes, a grim smile lined with blood red as a gun was held in her steady hands, and breathed without choking pain for the first time since he’d come out of the ice.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up into his hairline. “You know about Stony?”
Steve jerked away, eyes wide and mouth open, ready to deny it. There was a smirk on Tony’s face, and Steve knew it was meant to be a joke to lighten the moment, but he could see the hints of insecurity, the tight lines around Tony’s eyes. He’d been honest all night, and to lie now felt like he would tarnish their moment together.
Steve watched in awe as art after art flew up on the screen. There were some really talented people out there. “Wow, so you knew about this?”
Steve took in a deep breath and ran a hand down his face, trying to collect himself. “You knew?”
“JARVIS.”
Steve traced his eyes over the stretch of Tony’s worn sweatpants over thick thighs, the way his shirt stuck to him and the sweat trickling down his face. When his eyes settled on Tony’s lips, he swallowed hard. A pink tongue darted out to lick his lips, and Steve felt lost all over again, always consumed by how much he wanted Tony.
Steve practically manipulated Tony’s body until he was in the position Steve was in. Steve seemed to be in a really good mood, and Tony was struck by the realization that it wasn’t the grooming he’d received that had him so chipper.
He stayed silent, and it was enough for Steve to let out a sigh, shoulders slumping and wings dipping. “If you don’t want me to, that’s fine.”
Inside, they breathed each other in, and let the cold melt away.
“Hey.”
“Take us to the workshop.”
With a mock salute at Tony, Steve left the room. He had some researching to do, and some questions to ask his online friends.
There was a skeptical silence.
Maybe there was some credit to this social media thing. It was certainly a way to share art with a wider audience and interact with people at the same time. That thought stuck with him as he went down to the workshop that night, a daily habit that Tony seemed to encourage. Though Tony tried, Steve still wouldn’t let Tony see his art. It was too personal, and more than a little embarrassing that even though he did draw the other Avengers, a majority of his sketchbook was filled with Tony.
Steve stared at the ceiling, back straight and stiff as he lay on the bed. Stark tower had top of the line technology, but his enhanced hearing still picked up the light ‘plink’ of rain against glass, muffled by the windows. The quiet sounds blurred together, until they resembled the rushing roar of water, the coldness of the ocean and the choking dread he’d felt as his plane dived.
“Oh shit, I was gonna introduce you gently that was absolutely not the one I wanted to show-“
“We’re people,” Steve replied, confused.
“Tony,” Steve tried to glare. “How about we keep this an adult au and make this rating explicit?”
, that explained a lot, but at the same time revealed absolutely nothing. “Yeah but grooming isn’t just about maintenance.”
Steve shook his head. “I think I’d rather dance with you.”
Without another word, Tony typed in the username, and oh god-
It didn’t help. Really, there was nothing that Steve could do about the cold and the persistent nightmares, but if he didn’t try something he was afraid he’d really snap. He stood there, eyes unseeing as he stared into the dark closet. He clenched, then unclenched his fists, trying to steady the tremble in them.
“Ideas,” Steve repeated, voice whisper soft. Tony’s pose was deliberate, his outfit too. Steve remembered now how he’d drawn Tony like this, in one of his earlier ones. Tony leaning against a table like he was now, with a come hither look. If Steve looked up, he would see-
Steve was quiet, breathing soft and steady, and that was enough for Tony to carefully start combing through the downy feathers, untangling them as those were the ones that knotted up the most. He started working his way down the large wings, massaging the skin underneath until some old feathers fell loose, helping in the molting process.
“I wasn’t going to, but they recently added some fairly interesting art to their account.”
“Which one?” Steve asked, cautiously.
“Tony.”
Steve wanted to keep it all to himself, this side of Tony that other people rarely got to see. He paused, fingers stilling where he’d been perfecting Tony’s goatee. Steve tilted his head, studying his own art in a way he hadn’t in a long time. He wanted to keep Tony to himself, but at the same time, he wanted others to see that Tony was more than just Iron Man.
Steve never did get his answer because in the next moment, Tony surged up to press another kiss against his lips, and they were lost to the moment. But that was okay, because there would be many more and this was their happy ending.
Tony raised a brow, a brief contemplative look crossing his face before it smoothed out and he grinned, easy and friendly. “Of course, have at it. Just make sure you get all my good angles.”
“You’re alive now,” Tony’s voice was a whisper, a breath of soft air against his ear, and maybe that was what broke him. In the end, all it took was one man and a kind heart.
That night he uploaded his first art onto Twitter, Tumblr, and any other social media he could figure out. It was a piece with all the Avengers, during one of their movie nights. They were sprawled out on every available surface, Natasha looking exasperated as Thor yelled at the screen, Clint drooling onto her shoulder, Bruce with both hands raised nervously in an attempt to placate the thunder god, and Tony with his head thrown back, eyes tightly shut as he laughed.
There was an awkward silence then, despite the reassurance from both of them that this wouldn’t change things.
Tony could attest to that. He hadn’t trusted anyone to touch his wings for months after he came back, hyper aware of every touch like it would turn cruel at any moment. It was only when he was near catatonic from need, that he had given in and let Rhodey and Pepper groom him. It had been a tense endeavor, but by the end of it, he was pliant and purring. Since then, he’d only allowed them to touch his wings.
His blood felt sluggish, slow and steady. Cold.
“Not like that,” Tony sighed, and he cursed under his breath for a moment before clearing his throat and meeting Steve’s gaze head on. “I would like you to groom me. Please.”
“Then why offer?” Tony shot back. Steve’s words were practiced, as if he expected rejection. It made Tony’s feathers fluff up in irritation.
When he arrived at the gym it was lit up in preparation for his arrival. There was a stack of bandages on one of the benches and he wrapped his knuckles in them. Then, he turned to one of his special reinforced punching bags and hit them with all the strength his sleep-deprived body had.
“Unfairly attractive, huh?” Steve chuckled, almost drowning in the happiness he felt. He pressed a kiss against Tony’s mouth then, cutting off whatever joking remark Tony was likely to say. He was grateful that Tony knew what he was really asking, and had met him halfway.
Tony seemed to spot him and turned off the torch. He tugged the mask until it rested on top of his mop of hair, his chest heaving and covered only by a thin tank top. Steve’s fingers twitched, an overwhelming urge to draw taking over him.
Tony was working in front of him, and since all Steve could see was his back, he couldn’t gauge how Tony felt.
There were other drawings too, of barracks and open fields lined with silver fences. Of soldiers, his squadron, running and training.
“If I sleep, I might not wake up again.” It hurt to say out loud, and Steve felt the words choking him as they left his mouth.
“Everything?” A hitch in his breath, a hint of vulnerability. Tony always wore his heart on his sleeve.
Tony was standing there, looking casual as can be in a hoodie, his hands stuffed into the pockets of his worn jeans. He rocked back on his heels when he met Steve’s eyes, a tired scrunch of laugh lines as he smiled. “Want some company?”
“Oh yeah, fanfictions are the best. Seriously, ever wanted to read a story about yourself and the rest of the Avengers fighting robots? Fics are your best bet.”
“JARVIS?” Steve asked, his voice raised so he could be heard over the hissing and buzzing noises.
Steve smiled and leaned in to wrap Tony in his wings, now that his courtship had been accepted.
Steve glanced up at Tony, wondering what he would think of the art piece he’d seen of them hugging.
“What?” Steve’s voice was barely a whisper, wondering if he’d made another mistake.
Steve had always been rather adaptable. His sudden introduction into the 21st century was definitely not ideal, but it was better than being a frozen Capsicle (Tony’s words, not his). There was, however, one thing that Steve certainly loved about the future, and that was accessibility.
Steve searched his face for a long minute, before he seemed to find what he needed and softened, a pleased smile on his lips. “Of course, Tony. Whatever you need.”
“Oh,” Steve went silent at that, trying to wrap his mind around this. Was his crush on Tony so obvious that even random strangers were ‘shipping’ them together?
Tony’s eyes were half-lidded, exactly like his art, but the insecurity was entirely new. Maybe that was what broke Steve out of the daze he’d been in, the fact that this was
“Your turn.”
Steve smiled, and decided he wouldn’t mind uploading more pieces of his life, if it meant others would appreciate it just as much as he was. He wanted others to see the Avengers as more than protectors, but as people.
“I don’t need anything like that,” Steve replied, reaching out until his fingers could tangle with Tony’s. “If you’re willing to try, I don’t mind dancing with both feet on the ground.”
xxxxxx
“The couch?” Steve asked, already heading towards it. The bots raced over now that the serious moment was over, making slight whirring sounds as they greeted Steve. Steve brushed his strong wings over them in greeting, a fleeting touch that seemed to please them greatly as DUM-E moved his claw excitedly and U spun in circles with glee.
No moments for weakness, blah blah blah. Tony wanted to combust every time he talked to Howard. His father had an incredible knack for making Tony feel sick to be in his own skin.
by Elliot Yamin and Tony wants to set everything on fire. In hopes that the horrible ache now rooted so deeply in his chest he’s afraid it’ll never leave would
to you-”
“Picked them up along the way,” Steve smiles crookedly.
“Literally choke and start up the game.”
Today.
Tony throws his phone at the wall and doesn’t look back to check on the pieces.
draw two instead. “Oh fuck you. I just made you but I’m already this close to-”
Howard Stark was the CEO of Stark Industries. As it went, Tony was always expected to follow in his father’s footsteps and inherit the company. A song and dance he could never escape from. Expectations upon expectations were placed on his shoulders since a young age. You must be strong, Howard tells him. A stark’s spine is crafted by
a dumbass.
“Uh…” he sees her car rolling in. Sharon steps out wearing a dark green dress with her hair in a loose ponytail. Steve follows his gaze and Tony watches how his face transforms. His cheeks turn all rosy and his smile is so gooey. Tony sharply looks away back to Sharon. “Sharon!” he calls out.
What face? Tony reaches up to pat his own cheek. Ring. Ring. Ring. He’s going to give Sharon a ring. He’s going to pledge undying loyalty and absolutely solidarity. He’s going to give Sharon a ring. His love is so abundant and sure he wants to dedicate his entire being in the symbolism of a ring.
Tony flicks it away and smirks, “There,” he smooths out the lapel and leaves with two pats on Steve’s chest. “Now you look presentable. Also don’t be nervous. She loves you, man. This is going to be great. You guys are probs gonna have bomb sex afterwards and all will be grand. Why are you so twitchy?”
“Because your feet are nasty and we’re not married. At least not in the legally binding sense.”
“Hey! You can’t put a blue draw two on a yellow reverse, DUM-E!”  DUM-E whirred in response and slapped down a
Tony scrubs at his face, sighs, and falls deeper into the bean bag chair. “I gotta let go.”
“Yeah, Tony, a bit. I love you man,” Rhodey jams at several different buttons while Tony does his best to block and retaliate, “but you’re digging your own grave. I’m not sure what you want me to do for you that I haven’t already done at this point.”
Rhodey shrugs and performs a combo that Tony, by pure luck, evades. And then he hits him with a combo attack of his own that lands critical. It’s enough to get Tony the win for the first round and Rhodey hits the pause button to
and one of the petals is on the lapel of his jacket. So he makes the excuse, of coming close. Of reaching out to touch-he can allow himself this. This one moment.
There’s another crash. Followed by a whirring noise. DUM-E’s in a fist fight with the roomba now. Tony has no idea how
Tony feels like death. Though that’s nothing new. He takes a deep inhale, rousing from sleep, and smells the fresh roast of coffee. His body rises as if pulled by puppet strings by the smell. He reaches out blindly and after a few squeezes of his fingers, the universal sign for gimmie, he has coffee in his hands.
“Really? The scotch is right there and you couldn’t have passed me that?” DUM-E buzzes again. Pushes up against Tony. Offers the lint and a gentle pat. Tony softens. “Alright. I hear you. I see you. Thank you buddy. Your warranty has just been extended.”
DUM-E whirrs up beside him and offers a ball of lint in comfort.
is on the tip of Tony’s tongue but he burns that bridge before it connects. “Wow to think I’d agree with Barnes on something for once. Maybe the world is ending?”
He turns on his heels as the band switches to some song Tony can’t recognize under the buzzing in his ears. And the rushing of his blood. And the dryness in his throat. Over and over and over again he tells himself this is it. This is the end.
Tony let the phone ring for a few minutes longer. While DUM-E dropped their Uno game to begin a staring competition with Tony’s new musical roomba.
One he could have gotten from Pepper, but she’d already done her job this morning. Tony couldn’t handle crawling back to Pepper after they
Steve rolls his eyes, “Tony helped set this up. The venue, music, setting, everything. Without him this wouldn’t be possible.”
Rhodey smirks, “Nah, you just suck at Mortal Kombat, dude.”
also i'm looking to connect with fellow marvel enthusiasts and writers ! i just made a twitter @jupiterkissed and a tumblr @sunnyburst so if you have any of those , would love to follow and talk or just scream about marvel nonsense . okay dope have a good day , wash your face , drink water , don't text that douche canoe you don't need in your life , challenge systematic oppression. all that good stuff.
“I was,” there’s a crash in the background followed by DUM-E’s high pitched whir. Tony purses his lips. “I was busy, Dad.”
