, like no other alpha Dean had ever met. He didn’t usually let alphas take him back there, but he just couldn’t help it.
“You’re welcome to use the guest bedroom for tonight if you’d wish,” Castiel said. “It has a big king sized bed, plenty of room for the two of you to have some fun with the bitch. I just have one condition.”
Castiel chuckled. “That’s my good bitch. Now come on, you really do need that knot, don’t you, baby?”
Castiel hummed to himself, watching how their dogs curiously circled the naive omega. He knew they’d never try to take him, not while he was dressed. “You know, we’ve been planning to get an omega to raise as a breeder puppy. We could not ask for a prettier puppy than Dean, and he’s unclaimed and quite fertile, by the scent of him.” He turned to look back at Benny. “And he’d come with that house, too. We could rent it out, use the extra income to hire on a beta to nanny when the pups come. Maybe even get another stud or two, I’ve always felt like three isn’t enough.”
“Good bitches get orgasms,” Benny said with a smile. “Now let me hear you beg like a good little fuckhole.”
bitch, only I will be allowed to knot you.”
“What?” Dean asked anxiously.
Dean squirmed in the carrier. “Daddy, knot!” he repeated. Just being in the carrier wasn’t enough.
The pressure forced Dean to move backward, his ass dropping to rest on his ankles, his mitt covered hands  resting on the floor between his knees.
Dean arched his back and moaned as his daddy’s thick cock pushed inside to fill him up. Then just as quickly it was pounding into him, efficiently driving for his knot. Daddy never had time to go slow during work, he had work to do after all. So Dean could only squirm and gasp as the knot began to grow, filling him steadily. It felt so good, pushing up against his special spot, and he cried out as his orgasm shook him, his own come caught by his diaper even as his daddy’s come was filling him again. He let out a content moan as the alpha’s knot settled inside him.
His mind started to clear a little as he followed her into his dressing room, and he dropped onto the big couch that filled the room, there solely for him. He always felt so good after taking Castiel’s knot, it didn’t matter if it was in his mouth or his ass, he always loved it.
He relaxed when he saw they’d just noticed their neighbor and gone to greet him. Their two houses shared one large fenced yard, so any time their neighbor was outside the dogs would always go visit with him.
“Shh, I got you baby boy,” Castiel said, drawing out the teasing for a few more minutes before he finally pulled his fingers out and pushed his cock into Dean’s channel, filling him all the way to the hilt.
Dean blushed and smiled, ducking his face a little into Castiel’s chest. “I’m good, Alpha,” he murmured submissively.
With his orgasm, Dean’s channel gripped tightly around Castiel’s knot, and the alpha let out a long moan. “Fuck,” he growled, reaching down to grab the omega’s little cock. He started to stroke it, extending Dean’s orgasm so that he’d continue to squeeze and ripple around his swelling knot.
Dean protested around the gag as Castiel tugged hard, making him crawl a few feet, then leading him back to his spot by the pantry room door.
(Drawn for this fic by my good friend
“My omega,” Castiel growled, his hips slapping against Dean’s ass as he drove into him.
Dean eagerly tugged down the zipper of Castiel’s slacks and started to work the alpha’s dick free, and his eyes went wide when the massive cock emerged. A moan escaped Castiel’s lips when he felt the gentle touch of the omega’s hands on his length, gently stroking.
“He does, doesn’t he? Do me a favor Benny, greet our guests for me, I’m going to be indisposed for a while.”
Dean lost the ability to keep track of time, all of his attention going to his desperate need for his alpha’s knot, which was only just barely starting to swell. He was sure it had been at least an hour of this torture when Castiel finally told him to speed up again.
Dean cried out as he came hard, the Alpha’s short, sharp thrusts moving the knot firmly against his prostate. Benny finally stilled and came with a groan just as Dean was coming down.
Dean gasped when his Alpha didn’t even wait for him to comply, simply flipped him on his stomach, pulled out the plug, and thrust inside. He could only moan at the new feeling of the soft suit moving against his back while Castiel jumped quickly to a fast pace, pounding into his already well used hole.
Dean stood and turned to Castiel, trying to ignore the slick and come running down the inside of his legs.
His ass continued to twist and thrust back against the air, a desperate invitation to anyone watching.
Castiel’s cock leapt to life at hearing those words come from the boy’s lips, and he was quickly hard again, so very eager for what it saw as a perfect mate. The alpha let out a small growl of frustration and pulled out a book, hoping to distract himself.
“After each spank you are to say, ‘I’m sorry, Alpha, please give me another,’” Castiel ordered. “Do you understand?”
Castiel just chuckled. “You’re a mess, I think I’m going to need to get you a plug.”
“Yes, Sir,” Dean said softly, and his voice was smooth and soft.
He was still shaking with his fading orgasm as both alphas grunted and slammed into him, knots locking into place and spilling into Dean. He could only whimper and slump onto the rack, Castiel’s knot filling him as he swallowed down load after load from Benny.
Castiel grinned and rubbed Dean’s back. “They won’t be able to resist you,” he said. “Now, show me what a good fuckhole you are and suck me off while Benny makes breakfast.”
This is the only chapter with spanking, if you don't like that, you can skip this chapter and not miss much in the way of plot.
Dean pushed his way out of the bar, muttering to himself, “Fucking alphas.”
The knot didn’t take long, a fast fuck usually made for a short knot, and soon the man was slipping out and stepping aside. The next man didn’t bother teasing Dean, just pulled out his hard cock and slammed into the omega’s sloppy hole, jumping to a fast pace.
Dean yelped when he was suddenly pushed down on the Impala, and scrambled a little, looking back over his shoulder to find it was his neighbor. “What the hell are you doing?” he demanded, gasping when he felt Castiel’s hands on his shorts, trying to pull them down without unbuttoning them. “Get off me!”
Dean turned to nuzzle his face into Castiel’s neck, hiding his pleased smile.
Dean moaned desperately, delirious with the pleasure of being dominated by his Alpha. His own little cock was hard, trapped between his belly and the mattress. His Alpha’s hips slapped hard against his ass as he fucked him, his huge cock driving deeper and deeper. He remembered himself and started to beg to come.
Dean gasped as Balthazar and Gadreel eagerly grabbed at him, making quick work of pulling off his jacket, shorts and boots. He was left naked again, wearing only his collar, and the two Alphas took the opportunity to admire him.
“I can smell the scent of your fertility from here, Dean,” Castiel admitted. “I don’t think you’ll have any problem bearing pups.”
Castiel didn’t think he’d ever tire of his omega. He bought Dean when he was barely 12, after a random encounter with the boy and his father on the street. The omega had been so damn beautiful and smelled absolutely perfect, so Castiel had offered his alpha father $50,000 on the spot.
His eyes widened as he watched Castiel fill a large bottle with what looked like milk.
All he wanted was to spend a little time with his omega before the party later that night. There was no better stress relief.
Alpha.
“You got it, boss,” Balthazar said with a grin.
Dean did as he was told, and his little cock grew hard as he bent over and spread his legs, waiting for the Alpha to come take him. He didn’t have to wait long, Benny was right behind him, and Dean could hear him unzipping his pants as he pulled the plug free from Dean’s ass.
Balthazar nodded, giving Dean a playful smack on the ass. “We’ll finish this later,” he teased, turning to follow Castiel into the sitting room.
“Good lord, look at that little whore,” Balthazar breathed. There was the rustle of clothes hitting the ground as he undressed. “Flip a coin for who gets to fuck his ass first?”
Dean started to squirm, torn between being embarrassed and pleased. Maybe it was better that Sam was happy, it would certainly make things easier going forward.
A familiar howl echoed through the camp and Dean shivered, easily recognizing his mate. He felt slick quickly start to run from his entrance, his instincts responding automatically to the presence of his alpha.
Dean did as he was told, letting his little brother play the part of protective family alpha. For now.
“Yes Alpha!” Dean gasped out, moaning with each sharp thrust. “I love your cock!” God it felt so good, filling him and driving against his prostate. Dean’s mind swam with pleasure as he was taken.
Gadreel laughed. “You really are an eager fuckhole,” he said, increasing his pace to fuck Dean even harder.
Castiel’s mouth trailed down Dean’s neck. “Such a needy bitch,” he praised between kisses, fingers still working him open.
Dean finally felt his alpha’s cock push inside his slick entrance, and he let out a long, satisfied moan. The sound was quickly muffled as Benny’s cock was pushed into his mouth, already hard again and ready for another round. Dean’s whole body buzzed with pleasure at being so well used by his alphas, in the tight bondage all he could do was simply take it, and the complete surrender of it made his mind race and his cock throb.
Dean bit his lip and said nothing, too preoccupied with trying to imagine that. He was surprised to realize he was looking forward to it.
The animals cold nose was back, pressing to his entrance again, making Dean gasp. He was still plenty slick from his heat, and he couldn’t help the whimper that escaped him when the animals warm tongue was suddenly lapping at his hole. Horrified, Dean tried to move away again, only to still when he heard the wolf’s growl again. The tongue returned, lapping insistently, pushing into Dean’s channel, and the omega couldn’t help the deep moan that slipped past his lips. He was still in heat after all, and animal or not, his body craved attention.
Castiel chuckled softly. “You really are a very good bitch, I’m so lucky I found you.” He pressed a kiss to the back of Dean’s neck. “My perfect little fuckhole.”
“You took that very well,” Castiel said, rubbing Dean’s back. He let his hard cock brush against Dean’s red ass, enjoying the omega’s surprised gasp. He moved it to press the head against Dean’s slick hole, and the omega quickly pressed back against it, pushing his ass up and reaching back to grab his cheeks and spread himself open.
“Worried that the big scary alpha would have his way with me?” Dean said, laughing a little. “We’ve been alone together for hours and nothing has happened, there’s nothing to worry about, go back to bed.”
The three junior Alphas ate quickly, while Castiel took his time, making sure to feed Dean plenty. When he was finally done he kissed Dean’s cheek and pushed him off his lap and onto his feet. Dean flushed with nerves and excitement as the three Alphas eyed him eagerly, remembering Castiel’s promise.
bitch. They fuck you because it pleases me, I fuck you because you are
It took Dean a moment to realize what Castiel meant, and when he did he only hesitated for a moment before his obedience overcame his nerves, and he dropped to his knees and took Castiel’s softening cock in his mouth. He licked and sucked until all the slick and come was cleaned off the Alpha’s cock, then tucked it back inside Castiel’s jeans and carefully zipped him back up. He looked up at Castiel expectantly, hoping his face wasn’t too red.
Castiel chuckled. “If it turns out you enjoy being spanked too much, I’ll have to come up with something else.” He thrust his hips into Dean, grinding his knot against the omega’s prostate and making him moan. “Now, back to being a good fuck toy, moaning is allowed, but no talking.”
“Okay, thanks.” Dean shifted his weight from foot to foot, trying to think of a way to keep the conversation going. “Do you have a gym here? Because I work out every day.” His brain was shorting out. “Also, is there an omega center around here? I need to refill my fertility supplements.”
Castiel pulled the covers back from the bed and pulled Dean up into his arms, making Dean conscious of the fact that he was still completely naked, and he buried his face in Castiel’s chest as he was carried into the bathroom.
Castiel straightened, arms crossed over his chest. “Puppy, sit,” he sharply ordered.
Dean’s mind was spinning with need and pleasure, and he cried out desperately as he felt the Alphas’ knots start to swell. He was right on the edge, he was so desperate to come, but he wasn’t allowed until the Alphas gave him permission. He couldn’t ask with the growing knot filling his mouth, he could only beg with muffled moans, his body jerking back against the cock fucking him.
Dean reached out and unzipped Castiel’s pants, watching with hungry eyes as his mate’s huge cock sprang free of its restraints. With burning cheeks, Dean reached around behind himself and pulled his plug free, setting it down on the hardwood floor before he turned to climb up onto Castiel’s lap. He tucked his face into Castiel’s neck, his bare chest pressed to the Alpha’s clean white dress shirt, then reached under himself to steady his Alpha’s cock as he lowered himself onto it. His own body weight forced him all the way down, and he gasped at the feeling of being so quickly and deeply impaled.
Castiel kissed Dean’s neck as he pulled his fingers free and reached for the soap. “You can nurse on Daddy’s cock during story time,” he promised, starting to wash Dean.
Dean closed his eyes and quickly started to drift to sleep, entirely content.
Dean let out a sigh, realizing the simple latch of the cage was all it took to lock him in, his paws completely useless. He’d be stuck in here until his alphas chose to let him out.
“You would be happier if you had an alpha,” Dean said, smiling at her. “I could ask Castiel to gift you to Benny, I know he’s fond of you and Castiel usually gives him a sizable Christmas present.”
Castiel just smiled, his fingers teased Dean’s tender entrance, making the omega whine and lean into his strong chest. “My pretty bitch doesn’t like being empty, do you? Do you want my knot, little omega?”
“Alpha,” Dean murmured, voice still thick with sleep, smiling up as Castiel approached.
“But you’re even prettier on my knot,” Castiel said, eyes sparkling with lush. “Present,” he ordered.
When Dean woke later that evening, he realized he was curled up on the couch with a pillow under his head and a throw blanket over his naked body. The last thing he remembered was being passed around for another round of knots by the three Alphas, he must have fallen asleep while he was still tied to Gadreel. He’d been so tired he hadn’t even woken when the Alpha pulled out and replaced his plug, because it was clearly in it’s place.
“Today we work on your training,” Castiel mumbled, pressing a kiss to the back of Dean’s neck. “Good bitches have to have good self control. Today you are going to be a fuck toy, that means you do not speak without permission, and you do
“Come here, sleepy boy,” Castiel said, tugging Dean up to lay next to him in the bed. He gently pushed him over so that he was laid out on his stomach, spreading the omega’s legs a little so that his round ass was open for him. “You can sleep if you want to, Daddy doesn’t mind.”
When third period came around, Castiel told himself not to look for the castrated omega, not to even let his mind drift to the possibilities. He hoped the boy would turn out to be unappealing, so that he wouldn’t be distracted.
Castiel chuckled. “Oh it will get better, watch this.”
Dean bit back a nervous whine when Castiel slipped his jacket off his shoulders, handing it to the bellman at the coat check. Dean felt quite naked without it, standing there in just his tiny shorts, boots, and collar. Castiel still held Dean’s leash firmly in his grasp, and he used it to lead Dean back to a two person table at the back of the bar.
As the orgasm passed, Dean slumped in Castiel’s strong arms. His mind was spinning, still catching up to what had just happened.
Dean just moaned around the thick cock in his mouth, the sounds coming out in the same rhythm as Gadreel’s hard thrusts.
Castiel had been looking for a mate, and he didn’t think he could ever do better than the beautiful boy standing before him.
Cas groaned is satisfaction as Dean hung from his huge knot. “You’re even better than I dreamed,” he murmured, rubbing Dean’s ass with his free hand while he tidied his desk with the other, getting back to work. “My perfect hanging bitch.”
Dean yelped as he was suddenly picked up and thrown over the Alpha’s shoulder, and he was disoriented for a moment before he realized he was being carried upstairs. He couldn’t see much hanging down Castiel’s back other than glimpses of expensive looking art on the walls.
Dean stared up at the leash, letting out a sigh when he realized he was stuck again. He turned to watch Castiel, wondering what he was going to get for dinner.
Dean whined and nodded. “Yes, Alpha. I’m sorry, Alpha, please give me another.”
“Yours, Alpha!” Dean gasped out, instinctually turning his head and baring his neck.
When he tried to crawl away from the bed he discovered the collar around his neck as he was pulled to a hard stop. He looked back to see what looked like a leash, it was hooked to his collar and the loop at the other end was clipped into a carabiner bolted into the wall.
Dean was a little messy when they ate dinner, so as soon as they were done eating it was straight to the bath tub. Castiel started the warm water running then started to undress Dean.
Castiel didn’t waste any time pulling the plug free and thrusting inside, eager to add more seed to Dean’s growing belly. He thrust in hard and fast, not interested in taking his time.
Castiel grinned. “Okay then, go ahead.”
“That’s a good puppy,” Benny praised, petting Dean’s hair. “Don’t worry, you won’t be taking their knots until your training is complete. For now you just need to be a good boy and submit.”
Dean’s head snapped up, and he stared in shock at his brother sitting at their table. He was looking back at him with a similar expression.
Castiel helped Dean get himself and his toys into the tub, then climbed in behind him. The alpha wrapped himself around the smaller omega, sitting Dean down between his legs so he could lean back into his chest.
Several hours passed in a blurry haze for Dean, as Gadreel and Balthazar traded his ass back and forth several times until they were both content. By the time the Alphas were satisfied, it was late into the night, and Gadreel had to carry Dean back to Castiel’s room.
Come ran down Dean’s chin as he was finally pulled off Balthazar and handed over to Gadreel, who quickly pulled him down on his hard and ready cock. Dean sucked it down his throat without hesitation, greedy for the next load to fill his belly, still squirming and moaning as he moved up and down the hard length. The vibrating plug teased him until the knot finally filled his mouth and he settled in again to suckle another knot, swallowing all he was given.
Gadreel grinned at Balthazar. “We’re looking forward to it.”
“I’ve found he’s quite easy to train,” Castiel said, spearing a piece of bacon with a fork and offering it to Dean, who took it eagerly. “He’s so eager to please me, and such a needy cockslut. The only reward he needs for obedience is a good fucking.”
Dean giggled as Daddy’s hands reached down to undo the snaps. All of his pants had special snaps at the back so that Daddy could knot him, and Castiel opened up the back of his pants and undid the bottom of his onesie. This left just the diaper, and Dean was wearing his special diaper with an opening in the back just for Daddy’s cock, which the alpha parted easily.
“After that you need to get some rest,” Castiel said. “Thanks to you, my pack is finally full. We have three new alphas joining us tomorrow, and after that little show you put on they are quite eager to get their hands on you. They’re going to keep you quite busy.”
Dean was confused, not sure what that meant. But then he gasped as Cas grasped the tail plug and started to gently twist it, pressing the bulb of the plug gently down on his prostate. He found himself moaning around the cock gag in his mouth.
Castiel seemed pleased with Dean’s progress, and he helped him out of the tub and onto his feet before the Alpha dried him off with a large fluffy towel. He scrubbed Dean until he was completely dry so that he wouldn’t get a chill walking around in the nude, even though the house was warm enough for him to be comfortable. Castiel threw the wet towel in the hamper before kissing Dean again and heading into the bedroom to get dressed.
“That’s it, good bitch,” Castiel praised. After a moment he pulled away to lead Dean out of the garage and into the main house. He wrapped a possessive arm around Dean’s waist as they stepped into the entrance hall.
“There’s our good puppy,” Benny praised, stroking Dean’s hair. “Such a good boy.”
The door opened and a tall, handsome alpha was there, blue eyes looking down at Dean appraisingly. Dean only came up to his chest. His broad, strong chest.
Dean stumbled over to Benny and collapsed against his chest, happily snuggling into the Alpha’s arms. It didn’t even occur to him anymore that he was naked and Benny was fully clothed, that’s just how he lived now. Dean just nuzzled into Benny’s neck and inhaled deeply, comforted by the Alpha’s familiar scent.
fuckhole,” Castiel growled, pulling Dean in for another sloppy kiss. “Good fuckhole.”
Dean’s head spun a little and he moaned, eager for more of his Alpha’s attention. Castiel’s hands roamed across his skin, getting to know Dean’s body and making him whine.
Benny pulled Dean into a bedroom that was smaller than Castiel’s, but still quite nice and well decorated. He pushed Dean towards the bed, yanking his clothes off eagerly until he was naked. Dean gasped when the Alpha grabbed him in strong hands and bent him over the end of the bed, pressing his face to the blankets and leaving his feet on the floor.  Dean pushed his ass up and spread his legs, instinctually responding to the strong Alpha.
Castiel hummed in Dean’s ear. “I love you, my sweet little omega.”
Dean just whimpered submissively and kept his eyes low.
His body was responding to the presence of his mate, sending him into heat.
“You don’t need to be embarrassed, but it’s cute that you are,” Castiel said warmly. He carried Dean over to a large Jacuzzi tub, already drawn with hot water, and gently sat Dean down in it.
“He’s just wonderful,” Balthazar groaned, running his hands through Dean’s hair.
Dean grinned and jumped off the couch. “Daddy, knot!” he said, getting excited.
Dean lifted his head at the sound of his alphas three huge dogs charging into the house. They came trotting around the corner from the kitchen, quickly zeroing in on Dean.
Dean moaned and squirmed on the cock in his ass. He couldn’t believe that he was actually being turned on by this proposition. He nodded nervously. “Yes, Alpha. I can be a good fuck toy for you.”
They found Benny in the living room, dressed in dark jeans and a black leather jacket. He took one look at Dean and let out a low whistle.
Castiel’s hips slapped against Dean’s ass with each thrust, a stinging reminder of his earlier spanking, making sure Dean continued to submit. “I’m gonna fill you up, put a whole litter of pups in your belly,” he growled, his knot already swelling.
“Be a good bitch and clean up your mess, little omega,” Benny ordered, voice heavy with fading lust and amusement.
But the cage wouldn’t allow it, at least not an orgasm like Dean had ever known before. As the pleasure built and built he couldn’t release, he only grew more desperate. Until finally, instead of the crashing pleasure he was used to, he felt himself oh so gently slipping over the edge. The pressure releasing slowly and pleasure ebbing in a way that felt kind of nice, but was no where near the release he so desperately wanted.
Dean’s cock twitched involuntarily at the casual way Castiel spoke of his use. He still couldn’t believe that turned him on as much as it did.
him. As much as he wanted to get away, his body demanded that he obey his alpha, his instincts adapting to follow his new mate. “What kind of training?” he asked nervously.
Castiel chuckled. “Come on munchkin, let’s go.”
Dean whined and moaned as he was fucked hard yet again. The two Alphas seemed to be just as obsessed with him as Castiel and Benny were, and Dean could only submit to serving their needs. It was all he wanted to do, he had no other thoughts other than being knotted again.
get nostalgic?” Sam asked, making Dean jump. He’d forgotten he was there.
“Came out good,” Sam said, voice quiet.
Cas’s smile twitched into something more wry. “Well, it’s far too late for that now, I’m afraid.”
frozen, Dean was forced to take the initiative, strutting over to him, planting himself in Cas’s lap, before leaning in for a kiss. Only to find a hand on his bare chest keeping him from closing the gap.
When Cas finally presented it to him, Dean had nearly swallowed his tongue. They were panties. Except not women’s panties. These were clearly made to accommodate a dick. The crotch was satin but the rest was all intricate, delicate pink lace. They were clearly expensive and he already ached to feel how perfectly the fabric would cradle him.
“Is this a prank?”
Cas was going to walk out on him to his favourite Zeppelin song which also happened to be about walking out on someone.
“I...” Cas faltered, trying to find the words. “I want to understand the importance of this memory. Why you value it. And I want to be able to offer you some of that familiar comfort.”
Sometimes they would drop by together, offering a quick ‘hi Cas, you wouldn’t believe what we’ve been up to’ kind of update. Sometimes Sam would drop by on his way back from grocery shopping. Sometimes Dean would loiter outside in his car before driving away again.
“Jack swung by the other day. Told him about you. I mean, this. You here. Maybe he came by. He misses you.”
On the back of the headstone, lightly etched into the granite, were a pair of wings. Barely visible unless you knew to look for them or the light caught them a particular way.
He’d considered buying them online but couldn’t bring himself to get them delivered and risk Sam intercepting the mail. But buying them in a store? Where
Sam nodded. “Yeah, guess we always kind of skipped this part. Hunters funerals and all that.”
, he’d said.
“Well, I mean...I guess? But we got Netflix and shit now, right?” he said, gesturing vaguely towards the Dean Cave where all three of them (but mostly Dean and Cas) have spent many an evening watching movies.
“Didn’t do it all that often but sometimes me and some chick would ditch class, sneak into a theatre, watch a movie then hit up a diner or somethin’. That was fun.” It was fun. It was one of the rare times he felt like a real teenager. Like living his own John Hughes movie. Normal, carefree. Fun.
Sam chuckled, patting him on the shoulder. “Pretty sure that’s trespassing or something. I’ll give ‘em a call, see what’s up.”
Cas leaned in and began cleaning him up with his tongue; Dean shuddering at the feeling but not pulling away this time. And then once he was satisfied, he just settled himself against Dean’s thigh, enjoying the feeling of him softening all the way down in his mouth. They’d never really discussed it. Dean wasn’t good at discussing things. But Cas had just come out one day and said that it was something he’d like to try and Dean had found that he was willing to giving pretty much anything a go once. Cas claimed he found a comfort in it, a sense of peace. And Dean found he had no complaints either, save for feeling a bit exposed.
It was exhilarating, having that kind of power over someone. Especially when you were in nothing but lace panties.
“You know I love you too, right? You knew. Fuck, I hope you knew.”
“Dean-?” But before Cas could even finish the question, Dean’s lips were mashed against his, swallowing the squeak that it turned into and the moan that it turned into after that.
By the time the angel has flown to their superior to request a vessel to aid this new charge, the archangel is recruiting for a dangerous mission.
Dean took a moment to try and compose himself, to make sure the words would come out steady when he found them. “You once told me good things do happen. I didn’t believe you then. Turns out I still can’t make myself believe it now. You haven’t done a damn thing to suggest you want to leave, but it was still the first thing I considered. I mean, shit, you’ve practically fucking nested,” he said, gesturing to the pile of blankets and clothes, to the candles and lights.
Cas shrugged. “I’m sure there must be certain things that I would look back on wistfully and maybe crave in my current life but I have yet to be struck with the feeling of nostalgia. I can let you know if it occurs, though. If this is important to you.”
Another shrug. Dean was going to give himself a pinched nerve at this rate. His hand found its way to the back of his neck, trying to rub away the flush he could feel growing there. “It’s no big deal. I just think about it sometimes. It’s a pretty big part of you, you know? Weird that we don’t ever get to see it. Guess Gabriel suddenly pointing out that he could see them whenever he wanted kinda rubbed me the wrong way.” He fought down another shrug, thank god.
It didn’t take long for Dean to regret his earlier earnestness.
Only this prayer lands like a blow to the back of the head.
Friend · Beloved
It was Zeppelin II.
“But I don’t understand!” Dean yelled, louder than he meant to. “I thought you were leaving.”
However, since Cas seemed
Dean didn’t think before punching him on the jaw. The regret was instant but the apology got caught in his throat. The same way all explanations had since...since then. Sam rubbed a hand against his jaw as he worked it back and forth. Dean wished he looked angry, that he’d punch him back. But all there was in his eyes was sadness.
It was just little hints at first. He was acting twitchy, looking over his shoulder more and more often. He’d jump when Dean appeared in a room before covering it with a bright smile that had Dean’s heart stuttering in his chest hard enough that it overshadowed the suspicion.
“Cas. Cascas
Dean licked his lips, watched as Cas’s eyes followed the movement, widening impossibly further.
Dean decided not to confront him.
When he dropped by a couple of days after Kaia and Claire made a social call in the guise of a hunt, his eyes immediately latched onto a card propped up against the headstone. Leaning down, he picked it up opening it to find it empty of any message. On the front was a picture of Grumpy Cat and the message ‘Missing You Makes Me Grumpy”.
“The Batchelor?”
He’ll wake up choking, like he swallowed an ashtray in his sleep. Only instead of cigarettes, it’s flesh. He knows the difference now. He wishes he didn’t know the difference.
Dean pulled back to stare at one of the teenagers who had glared at them moments early and was now rolling their eyes back to the screen, a disgruntled ‘ugh’ muttered under their breath.
This night is for nightmares.
“Or we could hit the showers?” Dean said, sidling up close as he knocked Cas’s hand out of the way and pressed a kiss to his lips, eyes glinting possessively at the hint of red left behind.
Cas made it easier. The guy didn’t have any hang ups when it came to ‘gender performance’, as he called it. No preconceived notions as to how people should or shouldn’t dress. Dean had been watching some E! News bullshit about the Met Gala one day, spouting off about people ignoring the themes and just using it as an excuse to dress weird. When he’d pointed out one of the guys in a dress as an example, Cas hadn’t even batted an eye.
Dean turned his back and continued to his room, slamming the door and collapsing on his bed. He had no idea what time it was but sleep claimed him almost immediately.
“To be family.”
Opening his door, he gestured for Dean to step in first.
,” he said, gesturing at the situation, causing Dean’s eyebrows to raise. “I’m sorry that this is something you look fondly on and I’m ruining it but it feels wrong.” Cas was getting agitated but Dean didn’t know why. He suspected that Cas might not know why, either judging by the frustration on his face.
Draining his mug of the remaining coffee, he all but slammed it back on the table before standing up from the table. “Alright, let’s go.”
They don’t care.
Because without the pressing need to chase a release clouding Cas’s mind, it meant he could take his time. And fuck, did he take his time.
“Sam’s been spending more time with Eileen, lately. You know, I think he might be sweet on her.”
“Oh.”
All he had to remember him by was a bloody handprint on a jacket he couldn’t even look at.
Not only was it Zeppelin II. But it was fucking Ramble On.
Cas hummed, pressing forward for another slower, gentler kiss that sent fireworks off in the very tips of his fingers.
Blood was roaring in his ears, his breath caught somewhere between his lungs and his throat, choking him. Cas finally tore his gaze away from the screen, eyes bright and wild with...with
It was chaste in so much as it was closed mouthed but Dean felt it tear through his very soul, setting him on fire from the inside out. From the sinful sound Cas made, he figured he’d had much the same reaction. Cas pulled back first, blinking at Dean, clenching and unclenching his hands.
Dean sighed. “Sweat and leather do
Cas was still talking, though his eyes were focused on the ground, like he couldn’t even face Dean as he made his excuses. Dean’s eyes darted around the rest of the room, landing on what he’d thought was just a pile of blankets on the bed but he now recognised as blankets mixed with
“I’ve been thinking...”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Pick a number between 1 and 3.”
Sam frowned. “People do it all the time. It’s closure, Dean. Families of missing persons, they do this for catharsis. Helps them move on.”
“Um. Congratulations?” came Sam’s voice from behind the door.
“I uh...threw out all the booze in the bunker. I mean, Sam got to most of it but. I’ve always been pretty good at hiding things. You know?”
It shouldn’t be that easy
He made the mistake of glancing at Sam who was giving him a shit-eating grin, mouth full of waffles. “Yeah, Dean,” he said. “The full experience.” A bastard, that’s what his brother was.
“Did Sam put you up to this?”
“What?” The word sounded like it had been dragged through gravel.
him. Dean curls in on himself, as if he could possibly hide whatever Castiel is able to see inside him. The sorry state of his soul; tar black, cracked and oozing. Disgusting.
The bottle that
(It was much easier to focus on the anger of being robbed than the terror of being left behind, after all.)
Dean just nodded his head, couldn’t stop nodding his head as Cas continued to suck and lick over the satin, massaging the head of his cock with the tip of his tongue, pulling the fabric taut over him before his hands finally settled on his hips, fingers digging in hard enough to bruise.
“Do I need to speak with Gabriel?”
Sam nodded, shuffling his chair closer. “Sure.”
“Is that how you did it before?”
“No, just...realising my mistake too late,” Dean muttered, closing his eyes in resignation.
“What?” he asked, intelligently.
“No, it’s- he didn’t do anything, it’s fine,” Dean said, attempting to focus back on the TV in the hope that the matter would be dropped.
When Sam was finally out of the bunker, Dean got himself ready and told Cas to wait on the couch in the Dean Cave. Giving himself a final once over in the mirror, he’d taken a deep breath and made his way there, head held high, wearing nothing but the panties. Even the chill from the concrete floor couldn’t counter the heat coursing through him from he combined embarrassment and excitement.
“My wings are fine, Dean,” Cas said, losing some of the tenseness around the eyes with the soft smile he offered. “They are stronger than they have been in many years, in fact. But they have...changed,” he added, back to being reticent, finding it hard to keep eye contact with Dean who suddenly needed it more than anything.
Pulling back, Dean frowned. But the expression dissipated quickly in the face of Cas’s awe, his blue eyes sweeping over every inch of his face, causing his cheeks to pink under the scrutiny. He didn’t turn away.
It doesn’t seem like Sam’s figured it out — on the contrary, he seems almost pitying, which is definitely not what Dean expected, compared to Charlie and Gabriel’s reactions. “What would be easier?” he prompts, chewing on his lip.
“Maybe we need to talk about the fact that, your
Dean looks at him, unclenching his hand that seemed to have been in that position for hours. Without saying a word he gets up, eyes lingering on Sam before shaking his head, patting him on the shoulder. “C’mon.”
know is dead, so it’s a little…” he waves his arm in the air in a semblance of levity that doesn’t really hit. “…unsettling.”
Sam’s eyebrows raise even as Dean shoots Other-Them a look. “
He pauses and asks the question he doesn’t care about. “You mean our world— our world still exists?”
Dean doesn’t know what to say, really, in the end, and instead he just lets out a shaky breath, massaging at his forehead as he tries to think of some kind of reason, some kind of excuse that would make sense.
The lights flicker, some leftover echo of Cas’s grace, as he continues, effectively shutting Dean up.
“He and Cas took his weird-ass pimp car, they’re getting Jack…
can’t miss this.”
“Yeah, we uh— we have—
“Yeah, like a— like a brother, Cas.”
“Are you sure? I mean…”
Other-Them are staring, and Other-Cas is frowning, rubbing his hands together almost like he was trying to get the grace back in it for round two. “Look, Cas— Castiel, thanks for your help, that that’s… that’s really all we need, thanks.”
What he does try to focus on is the way that Dean’s the only one who even
“—you know what, this is going nowhere,” Other-Him interjects, and he stands up, continuing. “Dean and I need to go for something, but I guess this is… perfect, really. Just stay behind if Chuck decides to pop in and see what the Winchesters are up to in this episode. You guys cool with that?”
He thinks he took a wrong turn somewhere past the shooting range because now he’s next to the infirmary when he meant to go to the library and read up on angel anatomy, and suddenly there’s a very dangerous-looking woman standing in front of him and holding a scythe.
Other-Them freeze, wide-eyed. “We didn’t want to offend you!” Other-Him yelps, trying to do damage control, but knowing that Dean’s mate was
it’s better than any drug to hear him talk again. “You did, the second time.”
They’re both breathing heavily — no, scratch that,
Dean’s phone’s ringing off the hook, and he has no fucking clue why. He loves Sam, but holy shit the amount of pre-wedding jitters he has around his upcoming nuptials almost makes Dean wonder if he should try and get him to a doctor’s appointment because he’s been to his fair share of weddings and can’t remember anyone being this nervous. Still, there’s almost nothing right now that should be cause for alarm, even for Sam — Dean's already confirmed like ten times that
They snort and then Dean shakes his head, almost throwing off the humor. “Won’t argue with you there. But who the fuck is Billie?”
“…Sam?” He asks, this time cautious, already running a mental checklist through his head of what could be wrong — this seems worse than Sam’s normal self-flagellation of thinking Jess would break up with him even after seven years of dating and a pregnancy scare. He likes to think it’s a testament to how well he knows Sam that he’s able to figure this out from the first five seconds of a phone call, and not just a side effect of the weird-ass codependency they got living on the road.
?” Other-Dean says in what was probably supposed to be a whisper on their way to the kitchen. Sam just bites back a grin as he watches Dean close his eyes and shudder, because if not he thinks he’s going to burst into his ugly-cry if he actually processes what they pulled off.
“Long story. She’ll probably want to see you guys anyway, been on our ass about ‘large displays of power’ and how ‘we’ll alert Chuck’.”
on a loop.
, and Dean barely has any time to process it. He guesses that is, in itself, part of their grieving ritual at this point, but it can’t make it any easier.
Sam winces and drops the food off, Dean seeming to finally register Sam’s presence when he pops back from one of the neighboring storage rooms and grabs a change of bedsheets and a towel that Dean would, hopefully, thank him for later.
on his back to go on a date every other week. He wasn’t sure how they’d actually lasted five years without anyone getting suspicious, though, so he guesses this was just overdue.
a mess from Jess and— and Eileen, and I wasn’t even mated! I wouldn’t be surprised if you— all I’m saying is if you want… if you want to talk, or— or to rest, you
Personally, Sam finds it almost ironic that it’s Other-Dean telling Dean (telling himself?) to take better care of himself when he’s pretty sure he himself wouldn’t do it which brings up a pretty interesting psychological question that he doesn’t want to think about.
(how does time even work in heaven?) but he still nods, swallowing the knot in his throat. “I’m sorry, Bobby, I just—”
There’s a very pregnant pause, and then Other-Them carefully, in unison, say, “We’re ‘males’,” finger quotes and all.
But he still makes sure there’s no one there (again) because though he’d occasionally heard Dean going through heat whenever he couldn’t get to Bobby’s fast enough in their teen years, Dean’s still his brother and he likes to think he respects his privacy, so he can feel the blood rushing to his face (and holy shit he’s glad that scents include familial bonds otherwise this would be awkward for everyone involved) when he reaches the door. The scent, which had only just been growing when he walked Dean to his room was now practically a wall of
Before Dean and Sam can even get started on
“We’re gonna stay here for a bit… Dean’s going to have to have a room to himself, though, to be safe.” Next to him, now leaning on a pillar, Dean snorts, but Sam continues when he doesn’t make an effort to clarify or interrupt. “And your world’s, uh, your world’s Cas — it would be better if he wasn’t really there either.”
He doesn’t even want to get started on the technicalities of
“Stop being such a fucking knothead, it’ll be fine.” Dean groans, taking in a breath even as he forces himself to stand straight. “Hell, I was in purgatory for a year, right? Barely had suppressants for one day of heat, forget two weeks of it. But I figured it out. I can… I can do it again.”
they’re brothers so he just pastes on his bitchface.
He thinks he vaguely recognizes the weapon from the days of Apocalypse numero uno, back when the Horsemen were still in the playing field, which means…
is way too strange to be normal, and nothing works better than a good case to get his mind off of everything. Even suppressants smell distinctly tangy or minty, and the ones that advertise scent-less-ness just smell like lies.
Still, Sam’s pretty sure Other-Dean’s saying that more out of suspicion than generosity, so he shakes his head and says no even as Dean winces again, and Sam barely has to catch a whiff of his scent to figure out that they need to get away from Other-Cas,
do that. We’re kinda going through a lot, Dean. Our world’s
Looks like it was finally going to be used after all.
“I— It’s okay to be sad, you know that, right? Hell, I was… I mean, I still
“He’s an Alpha, I’m an Omega.” Dean kicks his feet up on the table, but the nonchalance is just a show, and all of them know it. Other-Dean’s mouth opens and closes, vaguely fish-like, almost, and Other-Him looks practically catatonic.
Not to mention, the circumstances for his asking were far more convincing.
Brusquely, he pulled the hair from Sam’s face.  “What the fuck, Sam!  What is all this!?”
With a wet screech, the train came to stop just beside the platform and the second the doors folded open Castiel was throwing himself inside.  It was nearly empty, sans an older woman with a plastic bag wrapped around her head to protect her curls and what looked like a businessman with an expensive briefcase over on the far side.  Castiel took a seat closest to the door just because it was there.
“Fuck you,” he mumbled around a mouthful of cheese curls.  “I am not wallowing.”  He was simply… eating his feelings.
Back in the library, Jack is perusing on Sam’s laptop for possible cases while Cas reads through some lore.  They collectively decided that Jack wasn't allowed on Dean’s for obvious reasons.  Sam and Jack share.  Dean lets Cas on the rare occasion he needs to.
“If you think that’ll help, I can try,” he offers, and Cas visibly sags with relief.
From below, the ground began to shiver.
At the very least, the classroom was dark so none of his other students could see the way his face flushed every time Dean placed the end of that goddamn pen between his lips and the podium was proving very useful in obscuring anything else.
Castiel scanned the room again to no avail.  Charlie was nowhere to be found.  Uselessly, he dropped his arms by his side, fidgeting with the hem of his too-short shirt, and despite every fibre in his being not wanting the contact, he took the slightly sweaty hand in his.  “Okay,” he repeated, though a question lingered his wavering voice.  “Where to?”
Pulling into the driveway, he cursed himself under his breath as his headlights faded and the engine ticked under the hood.  There was a light still glowing in the living room, the flickering of the television screen through the veiled curtains.  She’d waited up for him.
Standing there next to the shining black machine, Castiel felt butterflies queueing up in his stomach at the pleased look on Dean’s face, despite every urge to tamp them down.
It was Balthazar.  His countenance was pinched and overly formal and nothing like the countenance he’d come to associate with the man still standing in his doorway; He looked positively like a stranger.
“You can groan all you want, but you still have to do it,” spoke Castiel with a laugh as he closed out of the assignment shown on the projector, revealing his laptop background.  It was his cat, Michelangelo, sprawled out on his back and poorly photoshopped into The Creation of Adam.  The image elicited much snickering and a few girls fawning approval over how fat the cat looked from that angle.  A small smile and slight blush crept across Castiel’s cheeks as he had forgotten he’d changed it while wine drunk.  That just went to show how rare it was for him to have no opened tabs on his work computer.
Charlie was listening to something on Dean’s headphones.  Head bouncing along and clearly oblivious to the rest of the world.  What could he even say?  “Thank you” would imply it was acceptable for Dean to say it in the first place, but anything else would imply that Castiel wasn’t slowly becoming addicted to that rush of nervous energy he got whenever Dean was around at all.  Regardless, it wasn’t appropriate and he needed to tell him.  His lips parted, full of intention, but apparently Charlie’s song had ended abruptly and she was now handing Dean back his headphones, excitedly sharing her thoughts at a mile per minute.
In a burst of rage, Dean threw the phone and kicked the closest dumpster with the toe of his boot.  The metallic clang ricocheted off the three walls around him and the sudden urge to hit something else was too strong a pull to ignore.  He reeled back in pain as soon as his knuckles collided with the filthy brick wall in front of him.
They agreed to go to the Roadhouse on the grounds that it was close by and Ellen always let them drink for free.  Nabbing a table for four, Dean found himself squeezed into a booth next to Castiel again, with that same blush spreading across his cheeks and down his neck.
Surprisingly, despite how much he built this moment up in his mind all weekend, nothing happened.  Castiel spoke, Dean listened.  He astutely took notes for the entire hour, not even sparing a passing glance at his cell phone or the clock on the the wall.  He seemed genuinely engaged in Castiel’s lecture, which worked to dispel Castiel’s unsavory notion that Dean Winchester had signed up for this class solely as an act of punishment.  When the lecturing came to an end, the students shuffled their belongings back into their bags and made way for the door, chatting between themselves about things they found more interesting than marble statues of naked men.
The warm body beside him laughed deeply and asked, “Who’s Dean?”
Castiel had always had an inkling of a clue, even if he didn’t want to admit to it.  Even if he took advantage of it in his own selfish way.  Balthazar had been in love with him for years and there used to be a time when Castiel idolized him for being a successful, intelligent, proudly and outwardly gay man that just so happened to give a damn about him when no one else had.  That in itself had been a miracle.  And maybe in the beginning, when he was finding his legs, that had seemed like everything, but now it couldn’t hold water because Castiel was all of those things as well.  At least, in modicum.  He couldn’t bring himself to reply;  he reached for his tea instead and let Balthazar believe whatever he wanted.  Maybe that was easier to swallow than the truth.
“Yeah?  Well, I'm fine, Cas.  Have a good night--”  Dean starts to close the door, but Cas slaps an open palm against itit to prevent Dean from shutting him out.
“Actually, it’s a choice, thank you very much!”
“Oh, I dunno, she died or whatever.”
“The party tomorrow at Gallagher’s… ? Are you in or out?”
Nostrils flaring, Dean spits in his face and holds his gaze in defiance until he notices the blood left lingering at the corner of Castiel’s soft pink lips and down his chin.  He gulps, averts his gaze to the bloodstains on his blouse.
“It’s just like, I dunno, man, I think I’m actually gonna see her again.”
“Me too.”
Dean turns to toss his mug in the sink, splashing whatever coffee was left in the basin.  His hands clutching the counter, chin tilting up, as he stares off into space somewhere near the ceiling.  Honestly, he’d rather be anywhere else than having this conversation.
“Neither am I.”
“Sorry,” he murmured, “You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to.”  He bit his cheek to stop himself from saying more to fill Castiel’s abundant silence.
“For you or for me?”
, he realized.  His denim-clad legs were spread wide on the mattress, mocking him, while his fingernails picked at the calcium sediment in the wall.
.  I think it was just wishful thinking on my part.”  That seemed like a far more rational explanation than the two of them sharing some kind of mutual hallucination.
What felt like a mere few minutes turned out to be a few hours.  When his eyes opened again his film had long since finished and his bowl was picked clean by the cat.  The room was dark and his throat was parched, and Castiel had to squint against the light emanating from the blank television screen just to see about the space.
“I didn’t know how to apologize for, um, ruining your night.  Though, I guess I wasn’t the only one,” he said, trying for light.  Castiel bit his lip and followed Dean’s eyeline to the stack of laundry.  No, they were just beyond that, boring a hole into the mattress where the panties laid twisted together in a pile.  “I’m sorry,” he started, “I didn’t think you’d want me to touch your girlfriend’s underwear.  Well, not girlfriend... you know what I mean.”
“Don’t be.” Castiel found nothing to apologize for.  “You’re perfect.”  He closed his eyes with a deep inhale and let out a soft, appreciative hum.  “You smell like strawberries,” he said with a blissed out grin.  “I love strawberries.”  He felt like he was on cloud nine, too.  He must have looked like the sloppy man in the hall before him.
He rolled his eyes and shook his head fondly enough this time.  “Anyone ever tell you your jokes are awful?”
black eyes caught in the mirror and scared him shitless.  He collapsed on the tile floor then, gathering his limbs close as he rocked under the sink, reciting rapid fire words and phrases.  His heart was stuttering too fast to calm himself and his skin broke out in a thin veil of sweat.
“Yes,” Castiel hisses, low and long.  He shudders a gasp and whimpers through the initial pain, soft hands going rigid once more as they grip at Dean’s slick skin.
Starting down the first row, he placed an exam packet in front of each student as he passed by, giving each the faintest nod of encouragement even if he couldn't remember most of their names still.
Curiosity and confusion winning out, Dean turned to face the room, but before he could fully straighten himself out, there was a pressure at his back and two long arms wrapped around, desperately clinging to him like an octopus.
By the time he got to school on his rusted-out three-speed, he was sweating through his shirt again.  He arrived just after the second class period ended and he couldn’t say he’d really missed the place.   Dropping his bicycle at the bike rack, Castiel braced himself for a partial day of sitting through classes he didn’t really care about and gaining critical looks from people he didn’t really care about either.  But he was alive, he guessed, and that had to be something.
“Nothing,” said Castiel, biting into half of his sandwich to hide his smirk.  “This is very good, thank you.”
“Yeah, I know,” Dean snapped back, slapping his directional on and almost missing the turn.  “You might not remember, but I’ve already driven you home this week.”
He did the math as quickly as he could without really trying.  It was longer than he wanted to wait, but it was manageable.  It wasn’t like he had much of a choice in the matter.  Begrudgingly, he agreed.
“Where are we going?”
Cas looks adrift.  Dean knows he’s lying.  “No, it never came up,” he goes with.
He should've gone home from the restaurant.  His cat was probably wondering where he was by now.
“Okay.”  He gulped, but met Charlie’s well-intentioned face and nodded before she integrated herself amongst the throng of moving bodies.
“Fuck me, Daddy,” he croaked, voice obliterated and breathless. “Please?”
“Sorry.  This is my first time with tequila,” he admitted with a giggle.  “Don’t listen to me.”
Dean sucked in a deep breath through his nose just to shut him up, but then Castiel was pushing back in and it came tumbling out of his mouth.  A punched out sound, something akin to a moan, at the feeling of being filled.  And it still burned.  Fuck, did it ever.  And it still felt alien inside of him, but after a few carefully measured thrusts, Dean grew used to the feeling and the burning stretch of his hole started to feel almost good.
Charlie raised her eyebrows and snorted.  “Sort of?”
“What d’you mean?”  Dean hadn’t even given retirement any real thought other than taking a trip to the beach once the summer rolled around.  He never thought he’d get this far; he hadn’t exactly drafted up a five year plan or whatever.  But apparently Cas had something more immediate in mind.
“Now, you’ll find multiple sections on your exam,” he said, “The first is slide identifications.  Fairly straightforward.”
Bringing his attention back to Aaron, Dean snorted.  “You aren’t beatin’ around the bush, are you?”  Aaron just smiled in response.  Dean shook his head, amused.  “No, can’t say that I am.”
“Use your words,
“My very own Prince Charming,” she boredly intoned, and Castiel could feel the accompanying eye roll from there.  The subsequent dial tone was all the answer he needed.
When Dean met her eyes he tried for a smile, but it didn’t quite make it there.  “S’not that,” he said, leaning into it.  “Just wish he’d get on Sam’s ass as much as he gets on mine.”
Dean turned to glare at her.  “Uh, I was driving the car…”
“Am not.”
When Castiel yawned again, Dean asked, “Not much of a morning person, are you?”
“Dean?”
His stomach sank. “Yeah?”
Castiel’s eyes dance between his, alight with the kind of insistence and thrill that makes Dean want to remember more if only to please him, but he’s left with nothing in its place aside from the baser instinct of a warm hand finding his leaking cock again.  When Dean doesn’t continue, Castiel folds over him, hiding his face in the curve of his throat.
Dean practically gave himself whiplash.  “What?  No!”
“No?”
“You’re not beyond harsher punishment, you know. Don’t make me change my mind.”
Dean drew his attention away to look more fully at Castiel seated on the bench.  “What like the Ninja Turtle?”  Castiel tilted his head and searched the room in confusion.  “Relax, I’m joking.  Would explain the super cool screensaver you got goin’ there though,” laughed Dean.  “Too bad I’m allergic.”  Dean made his way back to the spot beside Castiel as he hurriedly flipped to a blank page.  “You ever seen Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?”
“Need it,” he stammered between gasps, “Neet it
“Don’t you worry about no John Winchester, son.  That’s not something you need to be dealing with.  Just let me take care of him.”
“What can I get you?” Aaron had asked, pulling a chair out for Dean.
At the admission, Castiel surges forward to capture him in a delirious kiss, thrusting his tongue between slick lips. Forgetting himself fully, he coerces Dean towards the bed until he falls onto the mattress, nearly breathless.  Castiel’s cock is flushed full and red as he crawls over him.  He hovers there, littering soft, reverent kisses to Dean’s freckled skin and the delicacy of it is such a stark contrast to the brutality he craves, Dean lets out a choked sob.
“A blow to the head should work.  It’s worked before,” Sam says, pointing to the gun Cas almost forgot he’d been carrying this whole time.  “Just imagine yourself bringing the gun, I guess?”
With a gulp, he cleared the voice in his head and got on with it already.  He carefully divested Castiel of his boots, his shirt, his pants.  He couldn’t bring himself to remove more.  He found a clean, oversized t-shirt in the top drawer of the nearby dresser and pulled it on over his shoulders.  It would have to do, he supposed.  But he still looked cold.  Struggling to wrestle it out from under him and feeling utterly ridiculous, Dean tucked the comforter around him and Castiel seemed to breathe a little easier.
“To some people it is; I know it was for myself.  For what it’s worth, you were divine.”  After a pause, he added, “I’ve thought about this countless times, but this exceeded all of them.”
“Oh man something is broken in you,” Dean sneered.  His fists gripped the straps of his bag while his mouth twisted into a wry grin.
It works, marginally. Cas gives him a blink and you’ll miss it smile in return, but he seems to breathe a little easier too. It tumbles over his lips in a small burst as he turns to face Dean more fully.  “I- I broke up with Meg tonight,” he blurts like it’s a revelation in and of itself.
“Guys?  Guys!  Come back!”  His bloodshot eyes darted around the room, cataloguing his surroundings.
The truth was Castiel did need to get laid.  He probably had sex dreams every other night and woke up with an erection more often than not, but he didn’t just need to get laid by anyone.  That’s not what his subconscious was trying to tell him.  Either that, or Castiel was ignoring any other well-intentioned meaning for the one he liked the best.  Regardless, he knew Balthazar wasn’t what he needed.  Castiel sighed into the phone receiver.  “Why, are you offering?”
“Because I deserved it… Because it was my fault,” he said with an abortive sniff and he realized in saying it how childish it sounded next to this man.  “Because I couldn’t bring Mom back or make Dad stop, but the one thing I could do was protect my little brother.  Except, now apparently, I can’t even do that, and according to him he doesn’t even need me to.”
He gestured down to his ensemble.  “Yeah, you know.  One of the Lost Boys,” he explained away the jacket and the earring, but Castiel wasn’t knowledgeable about the film and it didn’t seem important.  Something about vampires.
“Yes way.”
“Well I never asked you to! You should've just let me fucking drown!”
In his haste, he checked his pockets and secured his phone and wallet in the ass of his ripped jeans, but when he didn’t get a response, he heaved a frustrated sigh.  Tripping his way through the door,  he slipped into a pair of heavy boots and found his aunt in her usual fleabag recliner in front of the TV with a drink in her hand and a new bottle of pills on the small table to her left.  Totally dead to the world.
Castiel blushed.  “Point taken,” he digressed.
Sam audibly inhaled and let it out with a sigh.  “Are you high?”
“Good Afternoon,” he greeted softly with a small grin.  Requesting the student closest to the door dim the lights, Castiel booted up his presentation onto the projection screen.
Castiel held Balthazar’s warring gaze just as fiercely.  Finding himself, he finally admitted aloud, “I did.  Is that what you wanted to hear?  I fucked him!  And you know what’s more?  For the first time in my life, I can say I don’t regret it.”
“Why not?”
Castiel inhaled sharply through his nose and groaned.  The subtle scent of his spicy cologne and Dean’s body spray were intermingling on his leather jacket and the combination was nearly intoxicating.
Dean bristled at the insinuation he wasn’t capable of making his own decisions.  He definitely didn’t need to be talked at like he was a fucking child either.  Especially not by Benny of all people.
Castiel snorted offhandedly as he flipped the page.  “Yes, actually.”
i hope you all will forgive me after the next chapter lol
Drugs were funny like that, he supposed.  And when sleep finally did come, it really didn’t make him feel any better.
“I’m gonna call it a night.  Don’t sleep on your back,” Dean said, returning to his side of the room.  Turning the light switch out, Dean collapsed onto his own bed, leaving Castiel to blankly stare at Dean’s side of the room through the darkness.
His fingers traced over the lace over Dean’s hips, then slipped under the fabric to feel it on the back of his fingers. He nuzzled against the satin of the crotch, pressing feather light kisses over the head of his cock, driving Dean insane at even that slightest amount of friction. Cas always enjoyed getting his mouth on the panties but it was never like this. This felt like worship.
“What about the field by the windmill?”
“What do you want?” he bites out, pushing himself up with his hands, shuffling back to lean against the headboard.
Dean’s eyes darted around the room, searching for hidden cameras.
He was stocking up on the shit he wanted to keep, spare clothes that he’d need, whilst trying to soften the blow by being extra nice to Dean and then he was going to bail.
Dean blinked back at Cas. When he put it that way, dating did seem a bit ludicrous.
“You ever
They were red. Satin, with a lace trim. Nothing overly fancy but even just the feel of them between his fingers was enough to get him chubbing up.
“OK? So, what? They’re not black anymore?”
He prays for hope. For salvation. For the first time in his life, he allows himself to truly believe:
Cas had asked Dean if he could purchase him something. Sam wouldn’t open any mail addressed to Cas and he had been researching for a while and found something he was
And that would not stand.
“Nope,” Dean said, before slamming the door in Sam’s face.
“I need...I need to...” He didn’t know what he needed but he knew that his legs were about to give out on him. Thankfully Cas seemed to pick up on that too as he gently guided him to sit on the edge of the bed, rubbing a soothing hand over his back as Dean heaved in more shuddering breaths.
better. At all of this, this talking business. Not keeping things buried. Well, not all things. This one he could let go of...maybe.
That was really all Dean could take before he was kissing Cas’s lips, his jaw, his neck, groaning at the light traces of lipstick left behind in their wake. He slid to his knees without prompting, needing Cas’s dick in his mouth with an urgency that should have been humiliating but wasn’t.
Dean nodded, clearing his throat to make sure it would come out steady. “Yeah. Got the spelling right and everything.”
“No.”
“I think Sam wants to move out of the bunker. I think I do, too. Kinda miss seeing daylight.”
And for the first time since he can remember. No. From the first time since he lost Mom. He thinks about a ‘higher power’. About God. Heaven. Angels. Considers the possibility that maybe –
At least one would disappear from his laundry every week. Sometimes only for a few weeks before it found its way back into his hamper, others never saw from again. Henleys, plaid, band shirts...there was no discrimination. All of them were apparently up for grabs. And there was only one other person those shirts would fit in the bunker. Not that Dean ever saw him wear any of them. At one point, he started swiping Cas’s shirts and wearing them just to see if it would prompt a confrontation. But Cas would just smile at him, probably not even noticing and Dean would promptly get sidetracked by whatever Cas came to tell him anyway.
Sam’s mouth pulled down as he shrugged. “I guess.”
The angel turns in the direction of the sound, though it seems to echo from everywhere, encompassing them. Suffocating them. They fall, knocked down by their sparring partner who gloats over their success at besting them in their moment of distraction.
“I will go with you,” he said and Dean felt a hysterical laugh bubble up in his throat. Cas had said that to him so many times before, usually before both or either of them did something stupid. But never had he felt so terrified at what might come next.
“We’re not even dating,” Dean pointed out, which really should have been the first point on the agenda were it not for Dean’s crippling self-worth issues taking front and centre.
“If it doesn’t work,” Cas said, shoulders tense with nerves, “I’ll find another way.”
“Love Island?”
care. Not when there’s something more pressing.
“Oh my
Cas frowned. “I asked if you would consider marrying me. I am proposing.”
But Dean had always been a glutton for punishment.
“There’s a hunt. I was gonna... But, don’t worry about it. I can handle it on my own.”
Dean gaped at him, mouth just hanging open, catching flies. “It’s really not that big of a-“
Sam drove them there. It was a Thursday. Of course it was.
. Something that had probably been in his eyes on more than one occasion too.
Twenty minutes passed before Cas startled him by breaking the silence, albeit in an appropriately hushed whisper.
Savior · Brother · Father
Cas chewed on his lower lip, conflict clear on his face. Before Dean could try and brush the conversation off as nothing, Cas interrupted him. “I could show you, as I did before. But...” His fingers tugged at the hem of the shirt he was wearing, a nervous tick Dean had never seen on him before. So human.
“Of course, I now realise that a proposal was probably an inappropriate leap...”
“...if you would consider marrying me?”
Dean has stopped cleaning the gun. His fingers white-knuckle the back of the chair in front of him, shoulders hunched up to his ears as he tries to keep his breathing even. “What are you telling me?” he asks, still unable to turn around.
Because he loved him.
Today he had his answer.
been beside him.
“...Do I watch too many dating shows?”
But Cas simply nodded, face stoic.
The question came so out of left-field, after a solid 20 minutes of silence as Dean and Cas sat watching Chopped, that Dean could only blink at Cas, trying to process what he was asking.
He can still smell it. The sulphur. Like the smell of fried food in a diner, it clings to him; relentless and suffocating. His showers get longer, harsher. Scrubbing at his skin as if he can scrub away the stench. Water scalding as if he can burn away the memories.
“I have changed so much, because of you. Thanks to you. I think, when I was given this second – or third, or fourth, I have lost count – chance, my wings wanted to reflect this change in me on the outside. I used to see the world in black and white, the occasional shade of gray. You helped me see color.”
Time works differently in Heaven.
But the weird behaviour kept piling up.
Dean’s heart.
“May I?” he asked, licking his lips, subconsciously. Dean flushed, picking up on his meaning, but gave a twitch of a nod.
If there are even ears to hear them.
Dean had always been good at reading people. Or at least being able to tell when he was being lied to. It was something he’d had to learn very early on. A sixth sense for deception. Dad saying he was following a lead when he was following a bottle. Sam saying he was doing research when he was doing a demon. Cas saying he couldn’t find Crowley when he was working with Crowley.
Dean glanced at Cas, trying to decipher if he’d picked up on his accidental meaning but Cas just seemed to be frowning at the screen so Dean let it lie.
Then there were Dean’s shirts.
The lights were down, a movie already playing as Dean guided them through the aisle, trying not to trip and land on his face. Before he realised where he was leading them, they’d hit the back row, taking their seats.
Cas let out a watery laugh, a stray tear falling down his cheek that he didn’t even attempt to brush away. With a nod, he simply said, “I would like to kiss you again.”
“Dean...” he whispered, the word sounding involuntary and overwhelmed.
Dean blinked his bleary eyes open, movements sluggish. Peeling his face off the table, he grimaced at the taste in his mouth, reaching for the bottle of Jack beside him in an attempt to clear it.
“Made you another mixtape. On Spotify this time. Wanna hear it?”
But instead of voicing all of these totally valid points, Sam simply nodded and said, “That makes sense. A cemetery then? Lebanon? I think it would be good to have it close by.”
He’s not alone.
“They’re uh...Verbena,” he said, poking at the flowers. “Looked up good bee flowers and this was on there so. Thought you’d like that.” As if to confirm the point, a honey bee landed on one of the flowers, settling in for a rest. Dean’s laugh was wet as he wiped at his eyes. “Told ya.”
Letting out a long, exhausted breath, Dean abandons his half-cleaned gun, staggering back to the bed and all but collapsing into it.
as it was for you back then. Otherwise there is no point.”
And on the top of the headstone, on the right-hand corner, curling over the ridges, the one request that had required several emails back and forth to figure out. The initial query. The clarification. The scanned jpg. The mock-up.
Cas’s hands came up to clutch at Dean’s shoulders whilst Dean gripped Cas’s face, pulling him in for one kiss after another, both of them desperate with it.
Castiel’s head snaps upright, eyes wide before narrowing in an impressive frown. “Dean-“
Cas’s smile turned a little watery as he nodded back at him. “I couldn’t agree more.”
More flowers got added to the plot. Dean never watered them but they never wilted.
man. You are a good man, Dean. One who has suffered far more than he deserves.” Dean doesn’t miss the way his eyes dart briefly to the handprint emblazoned on his arm, only partially obscured by his t-shirt. It appears to tingle under the scrutiny but Dean dismisses it the moment Castiel looks away, back up to his face. “I hope that this knowledge might bring you some comfort,” he says, his expression strangely unnerved. And then he’s gone.
“I was just coming to look for you, in fact. Could I speak with you? In my room?”
Moving on meant forgetting. He couldn’t.
Dean blinks at the space he had just been occupying, glancing around the room as if he might find him lurking in a corner. He never even said what he actually turned up for.
“Pick a number.”
The table was empty, the bottle cleared away, most likely by Sam who hovered over him, concerned pinch in his brow. Dean didn’t even have it in him to have this argument again. He’d just buy another bottle later and pay more attention to where he decided to pass out next time.
Whatever he’s about to say, Dean can’t hear it. Empty platitudes from a being who only rescued him for a cause he wants no part in. “You know where Sam is?” Dean asks, turning away to face the empty bed once more. If he doesn’t look at him, maybe he can hide. Maybe he can have that.
The only sound was the quiet strains of Moby Dick coming from the record player.
“I was under the impression that nostalgia was usually over something that had passed. Something now unobtainable. You can still go to the movies, Dean.”
When he woke however many hours later, more clear-headed than he had felt in days – maybe even weeks – his first thought was about the headstone.
It took three weeks for Cas to find his solution.
He clutches onto this belief – this
of it real. He wasn’t ready.
Dean froze, his entire body seizing. They don’t talk about it. Any time Sam tried, Dean bailed. He just couldn’t do it. Sam wouldn’t understand. Couldn’t understand that he wasn’t just a friend. Probably hadn’t been for years. He didn’t know the weight of the words Dean carried with him now.
Dean closed his eyes and sighed. He’d promised to do better. To
“Well, alright,” Dean said. One more glance at Sam showed him with a more reserved smile now, something fond and knowing. Dean didn’t know what to do with it so he simply led them out of the bunker without looking back.
Even after all these years, he would still never get used to travelling Angel Air. At least his bowels had acclimatised. Looking around, he could see nothing but an empty warehouse. They could be anywhere in the country, hell, anywhere in the
Castiel put his fork down, whilst Sam continued with his own bite. “Nostalgic for what?” he asked.
DVDs. All right there, just like he knew they would be but somehow actually seeing them there just made the pit in his stomach yawn even wider.
“Sure,” he said with a curt bob of his head. Cas returned the nod, wiping his palms on his thighs as he led them back the way he had just come.
“Are we insane? Putting up a headstone when there’s no body? What’s the point, Sam?”
“Don’t really know what I’m looking for,” Dean muttered, voice like sandpaper.
“Uh, so-“ was all Dean managed to get out before Cas threw himself back in, hands moving to cup the back of Dean’s head and position him just right.
Embarrassment took a back seat the moment Cas caught sight of him, eyes almost falling out of his head with how wide they went.
Instead of clearing the expression, it just added an edge of franticness around the eyes instead. Great. “I didn’t know that was something you were interested in seeing again,” Cas said, the words sounding so very carefully chosen. Measured.
“Not talking about any of that. Seriously. That was...we got no problems there, trust me.” Cas still didn’t look convinced. “Trust me,” he repeated, waiting for Cas to nod his acceptance.
This kiss was not chaste. Cas opened up to him immediately, encouraging him to explore, to taste. It was frantic, desperate. Years of pent-up tension finally finding a release in the back row of a rundown movie theatre. Dean had never felt more like a teenage cliché in his life.
Sam sorted out the little plot in the cemetery and Dean got the headstone delivered direct so they could install it. When he received the email to say it was all done, Dean kept it to himself for several days before Sam chased him up on it. The thought of having to go see it, for it to be real...It made
Wherever that sentence was going to go, Dean knew he didn’t want to hear it. Sam had been trying to drag him out of this spiral for weeks but nothing was landing. Nothing would.
The anger fled him abruptly, terror rushing in to fill its place. This was it. This was the conversation. This was Cas telling him he was going to leave. A part of him wanted to say no. To turn around and avoid the conversation altogether. Cas wouldn’t leave without saying something, Dean was certain of that much. If he could just avoid it, Cas wouldn’t be able to leave.
Dean tried to shift forward again and winced. “Shit.”
“Made you a cup of coffee today. How fucked up is that?”
Cas was right. It was the most obvious answer in the world. But god forbid Dean not poison everything good in his life and turn it into something rotten.
“I don’t like it.”
They settled on a simple 3’ dark grey granite. Subtle, sleek with rounded edges to soften the look. Sam left Dean in charge of the ordering and he headed back to the privacy of his room, calling a local supplier to see what they could do.
“You don’t know?” Dean tried to keep the potential disappointment out of his voice. This was a hell of a lot of build up if it amounted to nothing. Or him getting his eyes burned out.
When they asked if he wanted any religious insignia, he’d snorted a laugh, fighting back a prickle of tears. No, no religious insignia. When they asked for the name, he gave Castiel. C-A-S-T-I-E-L.
A Traveler of Both Time and Space
Sometimes he just stood there in silence. Other times he would recount an anecdote or two from a hunt or review a movie he watched. Sometimes other things would slip through too.
“I have misjudged all of this,” Cas muttered, not looking at Dean as he put the record back in the sleeve. “Please, I’d like to be alone,” he asked, pressing the album into Dean’s chest and not so subtly nudging him out of the room.
“I think I have figured out the safest way to show you my wings. Or, at least, an approximation of them.”
. Proof that those wings were really there.
Turning back to Cas, he realised the angel had practically crawled into his lap during their make-out session. He was still playing with the hair on Dean’s neck, staring at him very intently.
Dean Winchester must be saved.
“I like it when you talk during movies,” he said, causing Dean to snap his mouth shut with an audible click. He was still facing the screen, unblinking; the projection flashing across his face, illuminating his features in a striking way. “You are full of trivia and interesting insights. You like to point out plot holes but if anyone else does you complain at them for having no imagination.”
When it became too sensitive, Dean tugged on his hair and he pulled back but only far enough to press his cheek against Dean’s knee, catching his breath.
“You wanna come see a movie with me?” Dean asked, cringing at how breathless it came out.
“No?” Dean asked, surprised. Maybe even a little suspicious.
With a tight nod, Cas closed his eyes and Dean heard the familiar snap of wings spreading out, a slight gust ruffling the tips of his hair. But there was something...Dean was sure he could see
They both turned back to the TV, the following silence no longer strained but anticipatory.
“Dean?” Cas prompted.
Dean was pretty sure he was going to throw up.
“I...You know that I wouldn’t-“ Dean blinked his eyes back open to see the consternation on Cas’s face, quick to wave him off.
Cas clenched his fists on top of his thighs and, before Dean could chicken out, he pressed forward and captured his lips in a hard, frenzied kiss.
Not with the way Cas was already fully hard and leaking in his boxers. Not with the way he stared into Dean’s eyes, overwhelmed with how much they popped. Not with the way Cas came down his throat with a speed and ferocity that he never had before, leaving Dean a trembling mess.
“I was thinking...Maybe we could get him a headstone.” Dean spun around, eyes locking onto his brother, fierce and challenging. But Sam went on. “I think it might help. It would give you something tangible-“
“I guess not.”
“Well, why have you been stealing all my shit?” Dean countered, feeling like he was losing control of the situation. “My DVDs, my clothes, my music? You’ve been stockpiling. And you’ve been buttering me up for weeks! Doing all this nice shit, cooking, buying me things. Why, if not to make it harder to turn you down?”
“Hello Dean,” Cas said, voice sounding more like a purr. Dean couldn’t fight back the shiver as he felt it rumble through him. “How did you say these excursions usually went? Movie. A diner?”
Pushing himself back to his feet with a groan, he steadied himself on the headstone, hand finally pressed into the etching, perfectly matching up. Without another word, he headed back to the car.
“I’m sorry,” Cas said with a nod. “I should have given it more thought. But if you are...amenable, then perhaps-“
Dean hummed, choosing to give him the benefit of the doubt. “So, what, you don’t want to do your little shadow trick for
Because he wanted to stay.
“Well, shit,” Dean said, swallowing every emotion down before it could escape out of his throat into some mortifying declaration. “Ain’t about to say no to that,” he said with a shaky smile.
The teenagers in front of them turned to glare in their direction as Cas’s voice grew steadily louder, more keyed up but they could go to hell because Dean’s heart was about to burst through his chest and no way was he about to interrupt him.
Visits were sporadic at first.
, Dean,” Cas begged, voice cracking on the words. “I cannot do this right now.”
“Winchester,” Sam said, as if it was the most obvious thing. As if they had the right to just dump that on him. And everything being a Winchester meant. As if sensing his trepidation, Sam added, “I don’t think there’s any other last name he would have wanted. I think he would have been honoured.”
Dean drove them to the small theatre in Lebanon. An indie establishment, just three screens but it would do for this...social experiment or whatever the hell it was. Definitely not a date. Dean knew that much.
“We’re getting married,” Dean said, pushing himself up to his feet and moving to stand behind Cas.
that easy.
The angel continues to stare at him.
“I would be amenable,” Cas replied with a teasing smirk.
Prisms of multicoloured light glinting across the wall behind Castiel’s back. Vast and brilliant, hundreds of them dancing across the plasterboard. Light would glint off of an unseeable feather, refracting into brilliant rainbows, one after another. It was stunning.
that to happen?”
Sam’s eyebrows shot up to his hairline. “For...For a case?” he asked.
It’s all in his head, he knows that.
Dean looked up at him, still not daring to take a breath. His expression hadn’t changed. He still looked unsure, still looked defiant.
“This...these are what your wings look like?” Dean asked, eventually managing to find words.
Cas narrowed his eyes before giving a nod, clearly coming to a decision. “We will go together.”
Sam would have mentioned it by now, if he could smell it. Would be on high alert. Demon. There’s a demon here. But no. It’s just Dean. Whatever difference that makes.
keen to see Dean in. With a shaky nod, Dean had agreed, anticipation coiling low in his belly over the days it took for the item to arrive.
“Uhh, I mean, sure. OK. Yeah. That-sure. You wanna look and see what’s on or...”
“I have given a lot of thought on how I might approach this,” Cas started. Dean wanted to run. To slam a hand over Cas’s mouth. To give him just one reason to stay.
“I thought if I could look through some source material, it might help...” he continued, gesturing vaguely to his right. He continued but it became white noise as Dean spotted the stack of DVDs he’d waved at.
“Is there really nothing that you miss?” Castiel asked and Dean wasn’t prepared for the sadness in his eyes. “Was it all that unpleasant?”
Tonight was special.
Cas would go out of his way to cook pancakes and bacon for breakfast (the bacon just on the wrong side of crispy, just the way Dean liked it). He made pies with Jack whenever he found time to visit, experimenting with different fillings and letting Dean be the first to taste test them. He’d bring back little trinkets from the farmers’ market and give them to Dean in passing, before loading up the fridge with the rest of his haul.
Everything stuttered to a halt.
It took a moment for him to even realise Cas was moving him into position, standing him over a marker laid out on the floor. “You did all this?”
Cas’s thumb brushed under his eye, following the trail of eyeliner to the corner, cupping his jaw with his palm. Then the thumb trailed down to his lips, tracing over them so lightly, as if not wanting to rub off any of the lipstick. It wasn’t a bright red but it was obvious enough. Just slightly redder than how his lips would turn after those intense make-out sessions they’d sometimes get into where his lips ended up feeling bruised and sore in the best way hours after the fact.
“Yeah, I don’t know what the fuck is happening. I think we missed a big plot point at the start or something. We could try another screen?”
Dean was going to throw up.
Eventually, Dean pulled back, putting a couple of feet of distance between them as they both blinked at each other in shock. Cas waited. Waited for him to speak. To explain himself. To bluster his way out of it.
“Yes! It would feel like I am catfishing you. Showing you something that is inaccurate.”
Cas quirked a gentle smile, hiding it as he leaned down to pick up a length of rope. “No, Dean. I promise that nothing I am about to do is detrimental or irreversible.” Gently reaching for Dean’s hand, he turned it over, palm open to place the rope in his grasp. “Pull on this when I tell you to.” Dean was still frowning, but nodded in understanding.
Dean froze, breath seizing in his lungs. At the tinny ‘hello? Sir?’ on the other line, Dean hung up, slamming his phone face down on his night stand as his hands gripped his hair when they’d rather be gripping the neck of a bottle.
Dean grinned, even as his eyes began to fill again. “I think you’re fucking crazy, still wanting it after all this,” he said, gesturing at himself and the shitshow that had just occurred. “But if you really do...”
Cas sighed. “You have been in a sour mood ever since he dropped by the bunker earlier. He must have said or done something to upset you. I’m sure trying to deter him would only encourage him further but maybe I could try some...reverse psychology,” he replied, offering a conspiratorial wink that made Dean smile despite the topic at hand.
He remained silent.
“But he did say something,” Cas surmised, still watching Dean carefully, as if he could read the answer in Dean’s face.
“No.”
Which led them to tonight.
“...No.”
Well, if he thought Dean would let him skip out with one of his prized possessions then he had another thing coming to him.
It only took a few weeks after that for Dean to tell Cas about Rhonda Hurley. About the chapter in his sex life that he’d bookmarked to revisit later. Only he’d never really had the opportunity. Instead, he’d wrapped himself in a leather jacket, ripped jeans, a cocky smirk and boyish charm whilst always secretly craving the gentle caress of satin and lace.
would see? Yeah, no. That wasn’t happening either. So he stole them. Right off the shelf and into a pocket.
Moving away from the record player, Cas stood in front of Dean, looking unsure but defiant. Dean had no idea what his own face was doing but he desperately hoped it was as little as possible.
It wasn’t a large cemetery but it still took them a good fifteen minutes to find the headstone. Dean sucked in a breath at the sight of it, nails digging crescents into the palms of his hands.
, Dean,” Cas said, the earnestness blindsiding him, ripping a hole open in his chest. “I- I want you to be able to see. Somehow. I want to show you what you- How they’ve changed. Please.”
He’d had all the puzzle pieces. He’d put them all together correctly. But it turned out he’d put it together picture side down. All he'd been looking at was a blank emptiness.
Cas opened it again, smile wide, eyes creased in the corners as he managed to get out a “thank you, Sa-“ before his mouth was otherwise occupied and the door was slammed shut once more.
Dean swallowed. “I thought you brought me in here to tell me you were leaving.”
He allows another moment of silence before composing himself. Hand brushing the tears away, throat clearing any remaining words. One moment of weakness. That’s all he’s allowed. If he’s even allowed that.
Cas pulled the panties down over his cock, sucking in a breath at the sight. Dean couldn’t bring himself to look at the mess he’d made, flushing even darker. Cas gave him a gentle tap, a silent request for him to lift himself up so he could fully remove the underwear. Dean managed to shift himself just enough for the lace to drag wonderfully across his ass and Cas pulled them the rest of the way off, leaving them in a gross puddle on the floor. Hopefully they weren’t ruined, it would be a hell of a waste.
Once Cas caught his breath, he immediately switched places with Dean, hauling him to his feet to sit on the leather couch whilst he sank to his knees and took a few moments to breathe.
“Are they OK?” Dean asked, a sudden fear clenching his heart. Gabriel had seemed sincere in the compliment but maybe Dean had misread. Maybe it was actually sarcasm and Cas’s wings were in disarray and he didn’t want Dean to see them like that-
Cas fidgeted, clearly as irritated by the thought as Dean. “It’s hard to know for sure if something has worked when the only person’s opinion you have is someone who can already clearly see the thing you are trying to reveal.”
Cas flicked his gaze across to the walls and briefly up at Dean. “Gabriel assisted. Both in setting this up and in helping me figure out how best to make this work. He has more experience with wing manipulation than I do.”
It would seem that the angel finds themself first in line.
“Now?” Cas asked, eyes wide and startled.
Because this body has never been to Hell. This body is made of stardust.
His hands clench at the wheel. Unclench. Clench. He wants to drive but there’s no driving away from this. It will just follow him. Endlessly. Well. Until the end. Months have turned to weeks, soon to be days. It’s coming. Sometimes it’s like he can already feel the hounds breathing down his neck. Waiting to take that first bite.
“Well. See ya around, I guess,” he said, hand hovering over the handprint but not quite making contact. They headed back to the Impala in silence.
Dean tried to imagine another angel with rainbow-coloured wings and his brain revolted at the idea.
“No, now is fine,” Cas said, brooking no argument as he rose from the table to join him.
He’d torn the place upside down looking for the mixed tape, only to come up empty. He must have had it in his pocket when he... Dean didn’t know what to do with that idea other than open up another bottle.
“We can just-“ Dean gestured to the exit but Cas steamrolled him, picking up momentum.
At that, Cas finally looked up at him, eyes still shimmering with unshed tears. “What?”
He stares up at the stars through the windshield. He closes his eyes tight.
Dean’s eyes widened. So it was going to be a production, was it? He could get behind that. It had been a long time coming, it deserved a little pomp and circumstance.
felt amazing.
Dean spread his legs wider, hoping Cas would get the hint but instead he just hummed, laving his tongue over the fabric, sucking on the precome that was soaking into it like he were a leaky faucet. Dean choked back a sob, gripping onto Cas’s hair; whether to guide him or pull him away, he didn’t even know. As it was, he just held it there, tugging a little with every moan Cas let out.
With a firm tug, the rope dislodged the sheets all along the wall behind them, sunlight flooding into the room.
“If you’re not gonna drive, I’m going to bed,” Dean said, grabbing the keys back and storming past his brother, heading for his room. Maybe there was still a bottle under the bed, if he was lucky.
The question unnerved him. Because yeah, pretty much it was. He dwelled on ‘what ifs’ instead of ‘what were’s’. He never had enough of the good stuff to pine after it. To wish to go back to better times, there had to have been better times to go back to. Although...
“I am telling you that this body has never been touched by Hell. Not one atom of it. It is simply you. And the parts that aren’t, they are a supernova. Just like your soul.”
“In the panties,” Cas said, voice sounding like it had gone a round in a cement mixer.
Not this night.
Dean just chuckled, shaking his head. “Sure thing, Cas.”
Because Dean had come to a conclusion of what was happening. What all of this secretive behaviour and hoarding was all about.
After taking a moment to give the question proper consideration, he went with his gut. “No.”
Dean let out a frustrated sigh, running a hand through his hair. “Look, it’s nothing, alright? It’s fine. Trust me. Forget it.”
Cas made a pained noise, his eyes still clamped closed, either with the strain of what he was doing or simply because it was too much, to big a thing to face in the moment. “The rope, Dean,” he said, his voice sounding strained.
Cas was already shaking his head. “I want it to be
And didn’t that just make Dean feel even worse. Finally, he managed to draw his eyes up to look at Cas who looked back at him with a sympathetic yet self-deprecating smile. “You deserve...so much better,” Dean said.
“Dean-“
“Man, you really weren’t kidding about replicating this to the letter, huh.”
“Not personally. I have also never heard of such a thing happening to another angel. I asked Gabriel about it the first time he commented on them but he could shed no light on the matter. He simply said that if anyone was going to be able to do it, it would be me.”
If anything, it made it more tangible. He loved their movie nights, he loved having his own space. But there was just something about being in a movie theatre, something about the intimacy...
There only seemed to be a few other groups of people in the screen. A couple in the front row. Another couple on the far right. A group of teenagers a few rows in front of them. The movie looked to be some kind of action-thriller. It was hard to tell how much they’d missed but Dean sure as shit had no idea what was going on. It didn’t help that he kept getting distracted by Cas’s rigid presence next to him. So similar to those first few weeks of Dean forcing him to watch movies but now he would practically lounge on the couch next to him. As much as Cas ever lounged. It was making Dean uneasy.
That was how Sam found him forty minutes later, though breathing had gotten marginally easier in the meantime.
Then his Led Zeppelin II vinyl went missing.
Cas was buttering him up for something.
He tried to imagine what the hell they must look like. Cas kneeling on the floor, still in his boxers and a t-shirt, Dean slumped boneless on the couch, legs spread wide and wanton, cock obscenely tenting a pretty pair of panties, balls spilling out of the leg. Lipstick half smeared across his face from the frantic kissing, the rest smeared across Cas’s cock.
Dean lets Sam have his angels and his Heaven. He would rather go on believing they don’t exist than believe they stand around and watch whilst kid’s moms die bleeding on a ceiling.
Cas kept quiet. With a small nod, he turned back to face the television.
“Would you predetermine the movie choice?”
“Or, you know, we could just go home,” Dean said.
Dean shook his head. “No, he should be with other people.” The absurdity of the sentence only hit him the moment after it came out. He wasn’t going to be anywhere. This meant nothing. It was a pointless symbol. It wasn’t Cas. Cas was alone in an unending, empty nothingness. He wasn’t going to know or care where his stupid headstone was going to be.
“I do miss going to the movies,” he said.
Cas lit up at that suggestion, giving a shy smile as he manoeuvred himself out of Dean’s space. Dean immediately missed him. “I like that idea. I’m sorry I derailed your nostalgia trip.”
matter,” Cas exclaimed, thumping a fist on his thigh, getting unreasonably worked up. More so than Dean had been, even. He reached out his hands, as if trying to soothe an injured animal but didn’t really know where to go from there. When Cas looked up at him again, Dean was hit smack in the face with his desperation. “I can figure something out. If you give me some time, I will think of some way.”
Dean grinned back, chest positively bursting with rainbows of its own. “I think I’d be OK with that,” he said before closing the gap once more.
“What does that mean?” Dean asked, scrunching his nose in displeasure.
He couldn’t breathe.
Dean’s eyebrows rose in surprise. “Huh. That can happen?”
“Apparently.”
“Kinda hard to be nostalgic when you had a childhood like ours, don’t ya think?”
. Or maybe the absence of something? It was like a heat haze, a shimmer of movement but with no definable shape. It was
“24.”
“Yes, well...” Cas said, looking a little sheepish. “Movies and television don’t have a lot of examples on how to proceed when you have rescued someone from hell and died for them numerous times whilst also saving them from death on a near weekly basis. I assumed we had maybe moved past that necessity. Dating is, after all, a process of getting to know each other. You have shared all of your favourite movies with me, cooked me your own recipes, taken me shopping. I rebuilt your entire body from atoms. I think we know each other reasonably well, by now.”
He’d gone to a mall and bought the necessary items, no longer prepared to be kowtowed by shame. Well, he could at least tell himself he didn’t feel the shame, it was still a work in progress. Besides, it wasn’t like the cashier knew it was for him anyway. Then he had watched many a YouTube tutorial to make sure he had some idea of what he was doing before putting his plan into action.
Glancing at the stack of DVDs again, Dean finally processed some of the titles. Notting Hill. Pretty Woman. Dirty Dancing. Grease. Romances. Source material, he’d said. He’d been doing research. A fresh wave of tears spilled over and Dean pressed his thumbs into his eyes, desperately trying to get a grip.
Dean felt heat flood into his ears and across the back of his neck as memories of fumbling hands and wicked tongues in the back row of a darkened theatre assaulted his mind.
Dean shook his head. “Ain’t your job to do that, Cas. I gotta start teaching myself believe it. Good things do happen.”
“Changed? Changed how?”
Whilst Dean continued to look around, Cas shuffled across to the portable record player Dean had bought for him, dropping the needle on the record already spinning on it.
“Cas...” He swallowed, choking on his words before getting his thoughts in order. “You’ve been the brightest thing in my life for a while now. And I’m sorry I’ve never told you that. I should’ve. You should’ve known that. Every time we’ve lost you, it’s like everything becomes duller. Everything is flat, colorless, empty. So this?” he said, waving a hand at the shimmering rainbow mosaic behind Cas. “It suits you,” he repeated, slower, hoping Cas heard what he was trying to say.
Sam caught them then placed them on the table.
“No, I’m-“ Dean shook his head, already having lost track of what Cas had been saying before. “I’m saying yes. To your question.”
The temptation to shrug it off, to tell him it didn’t matter, he’d get over it, was overwhelmingly strong. But he knew it was a lie. And he also knew it wasn’t what Cas wanted to hear right then. It wasn’t what Dean wanted to tell him, either. “This’ll work,” he said instead, bracing himself for whatever Cas had planned.
It looked different to the last time Dean had seen it. There were little fairy lights running corner to corner on the ceiling. Candles flickered gently on numerous surfaces. It was cosy. Warm, not just in temperature but tone.
“You have misconceptions about your body,” Castiel says, a total non sequitur.
“When you saw the shadows of them, it was a fair representation. My wings have always been black. It was as close to the real thing as you could get without them burning your eyes out.”
“Dean?”
“2 it is!” Dean said, not bothering to fight down his smile as he grabbed Cas’s wrist in a mirror of Cas’s early move and dragged him into Screen 2.
With one final glance at the clear night sky, he shakes his head. Prayers always fall on deaf ears.
Castiel hasn’t moved. The frown has deepened again. He keeps talking and Dean hates him. “When I raised you from Hell, I created you a new vessel. Body,” he says, voice measured, almost monotone. Dean keeps cleaning the gun, back turned to him. “I used as many of the atoms from your original form as I could. From before you were mauled by the hell hounds.” It’s like he’s recounting a day at the post office instead of the most traumatic event of Dean’s life. There’s something oddly calming about his detachment. “When it became obvious that I did not have enough atoms to use, the rest I created from stardust. It is easy enough to manipulate. Humans are largely composed of elements found in stardust, after all.”
He deserved better. He deserved to be remembered.
“Uh.” Dean shook his head, trying to jostle some words into his brain. “Uh, yeah. Movie, dinner, maybe sneak into a bar...”
“Oh. Hello, Dean,” Cas said, nerves obvious on his face.
It started with Dean’s DVDs. Gaps began to spring up in his shelves. Nothing he could pin down by title but there were clearly things missing. He’d complained to Sam, telling him to return shit when he was done with it. Sam didn’t know what he was talking about. Which really only left one culprit.
“We missed the beginning,” Cas pointed out.
“What?” Dean was getting lightheaded; he couldn’t keep on top of what was going on.
“Gabriel said I looked like a parrot.”
Dean stood in the doorway, exposed and vulnerable, feeling a ridiculous impulse to go ‘ta da!’ but instead just waited to see what Cas would do.
Dean is at once furious and terrified. He can’t do this. “We are not talking about this,” he says, throwing the sheet off his body and hauling himself out of the bed with no real idea of what to do after that. He grabs his gun from his duffle and starts dismantling it, fingers working on instinct whilst his brain is a litany of no no no.
“You think I’d care about something like that?” he asks.  “Is that what you think of me? That I’m some judgmental homophobe or whatever?” He scrubs a hand over his face and bites out a laugh.  “Cas, I- I don’t even know what to say to that other than I’m sorry.  You gotta know I don’t care, though.  You’re my best friend, man, this doesn’t change anything for me.”
“Don’t you do the head thing,” he chided, “You know what I’m talking about.”  At Castiel’s blank face, Dean marched over to his bed, tearing at the bedding.  He reached in the crevice and grabbed hold of a magazine, pages flapping in Castiel’s face.  “This,” he barked,  “Did you see this?”
Dean swallowed around the uncomfortable tightness in his throat. “Why would I do that?”
Dean throws daggers towards the peanut gallery, but unfortunately he can’t think of a strong rebuttal. Rolling his shoulders, he eases into a subtle nod, flexing his joints. “Yeah. Yeah, okay. I can do this,” he decides. “I’m going to do this.”
.  Besides, are you really going to tell me you don't want to take a break for froyo?  Don’t make me beg!  I won't even say anything about your shirt.”
He blinked and looked around the small office.  “How am I?”
Tossing him the middle finger, Dean promptly slammed the door behind him, effectively cutting off the sounds of Benny giggling to himself from the couch.
“One’s for Dad,” he defended before she even started.
“Figured you of all people would know you can’t stop him when he’s like that.  ‘Wrong place, wrong time.’  How many times did you used to tell me that every time he hit you?”
“Then consider it on loan.”
“Coffee,” Cas reiterates, with a puzzling look.
“Because,” Dean chuckled.  “There’s rules.”
The doors folded open at a stop along the waterfront.  He wasn’t even entirely sure what he was doing.  It wasn’t his stop and he knew that, but the crushing isolation of returning home to his empty apartment was eating at him and his head was still swirling.
The first step squeaked and groaned under his foot and it continued on like that with each step down the rickety basement stairs.  “Good luck,” Sam said.  He didn’t follow, instead he closed the door behind him once Castiel reached the bottom.  And then the lock slid into place.
Castiel groaned, pulling the covers back over his head.  He wasn't a morning person under the best of circumstances.  This definitely wasn't any of those.  “I never agreed to that,” he grumbled into the pillow.  “How did you even get in here?”
Dean scanned the table, looking for anything to take the pressure off himself.  He didn’t know why he was even still standing there, but Castiel’s stare was nailing him to the spot and he hated how it made his insides squirm.  Noting the salad sat idly on the opposite side of the table, Dean reached for the out.  He scoffed.  “So, what are you on a date or somethin’?  What kinda person actually takes someone to a shithole like the Roadhouse for date night?”  He asked it clumsily, but with an added acidic bite.
He was beautiful.  So much so, Dean stopped in his tracks for a second.
He’d cancelled his Figure Drawing lesson the previous day to entertain the notion of a personal day.  It seemed appropriate, all things considered.  To pay his respects to Moira Birdell.  What that really entailed was drinking copious quantities of chamomile tea and hiding under the covers.  But he didn’t sleep a wink.  He couldn’t, what with the weight of all the ignored calls from Anna on his cellphone and the old water stains long since bloomed and wilted above his head.  What was worse, the stack of papers remained untouched on his bedside table.  He couldn’t even force himself to work through them.
“I’m starting to think this assignment is some form of punishment, but I can’t figure out what we did to deserve it,” she said, flipping through her lined notebook pages.  Charlie took organized notes.  More organized than Dean, at least.  She was the kind of person that brought different colored highlighters to class and that said all it needed to.
“You know it's not,” he said flatly, locking the door behind them both.
Behold, an update!
Dean just hid his face behind his hands out of embarrassment.
John stopped short at the door.  “Thanks for taking her to her appointment again this mornin’, son,” he added, awkwardly scratching at the nape of his neck.  “I know she appreciates it.”
“Yeah, I’m just here to clean the place up so they can rent it out again.”  He looked over his shoulder back into the apartment and sighed heavily.  “Gonna be here the rest of my life too, probably,” he quipped.
“Fuck,” Castiel panted against the hollow of Dean’s throat, breath ragged.
Castiel rolled his eyes, but Balthazar was right, despite how much he didn’t want to admit that right now.  He was all too aware of the stupid things that he’d said these last few weeks.  To Dean in particular.  Dean just had that way about him that inspired Castiel’s higher brain power to malfunction at the worst opportunity.  When it came to making a bad situation worse, Castiel may as well have been crowned royalty.  But it wasn’t Dean’s fault any of this happened.  Dean didn’t force him to get a lapdance and looking back on it now, knowing everything he knew now, Castiel couldn’t adequately convince himself that he would have changed anything about that moment... save for maybe the ‘no touching’ rule.  He couldn’t safely go down that road though, so he backpedalled.  No, it wasn’t even Balthazar’s fault if Castiel was being honest with himself.  Feigning ignorance was decidedly stupid.  Asking Dean to do so in return was worse.  But now sitting here at this sticky table in a “shithole like the Roadhouse”, that gnawing feeling that had been eating away at him all weekend was back with a vengeance.
Sam’s lips twitch in the beginnings of a smile, but they never quite make it there.  “Sure, Dean.”  Sam offers Dean a shoulder to lean on, but Dean waves it off.  They walk out the basement exit, Cas quitely following behind.
“I said Meg Masters would definitely be down for more. Who would you wanna kiss?”
“This is getting no where,” Castiel heaved a worn out sigh, “I just think it would be best for everyone involved if we acted like this whole… unfortunate incident... never happened.  I am your professor, you are my student.  That is all.  I’m practically twice your age.  Nothing good would come from anyone finding out about this.  Especially not for myself.  Do you understand?”
*****
Castiel rolled his eyes, but didn’t meet Dean’s.
Balthazar shrugged.  A weird, jerky thing, like he was holding himself back, while simultaneously pressing himself to turn away.  Apparently, Balthazar meant what he said too.  “Just remember, come Monday morning, you asked for this, alright?  Because I don’t want any more pathetic updates about Winchester or your weird crush or how hopeless you are.”  He got a few feet down the alley, Castiel’s eyes wide and blank and searching, willing him to turn around again because if he didn’t have Balthazar as his friend then what did he even really have?
Backing him against the wall, Cas stroked them languidly like they had all the time in the world to draw this out; and he supposed maybe they did now what with having no one home and no place else to be, but Dean didn’t want it slow with Cas; they’d gone slow enough already.
There was probably an obvious answer lying hidden in plain sight, but Castiel’s mind was swirling with alcohol and low-blood sugar and the floodgate had been unleashed.  This wasn’t what he wanted to say.  This wasn’t about Dean, but his mind was taking it there anyway.  Almost immediately, he was filled with insurmountable regret, a shaking hand coming up to scrub at the ever present stubble on his cheeks.   His face was warm and he couldn’t look Balthazar in the eye.  He didn’t want to see his friends face whether it be filled with hurt or anger or sadness or some immutable combination of the three.
There was a pause, a taut silence, but then Castiel’s blankets were being unceremoniously ripped from his clutches.  He growled at the abrupt flash of sunlight in his eyes and the cold air on his bare skin.  “What the fuck, Dean?”
That same disapproving look passed over Castiel’s face.  Setting his mug down on the counter, he trudged back over to the table and rifled through the pile, all the while, Dean’s stomach was twisting itself in knots.  When he located the one that presumably belonged to Dean, Castiel offered it out to him, no questions asked.  There, at the top of the sheet, written in bold red permanent marker, was the letter grade ‘B-’.  The breath Dean had been holding tumbled out.  His forehead creased and he frowned, seemingly unable to process what he was seeing.
Aside from the light illuminating the porch, Lisa’s house was dark.  It was getting late, minutes pushing closer to curfew the longer he dawdled out there.  What was he putting off?
He stares at that short sentence longer than absolutely necessary.
“Sure, looks like it.”  Abruptly, he stood from the steps and lightly brushed off the back of his jeans.  He fumbled around in his jacket pocket for a moment, extracting a jingling set of car keys.
Dean is practically gulping the coffee and Cas is surprised he isn't choking himself with it.  “You make this just for me?” His voice is vaguely teasing all things considered.
“Coulda fooled me.”
Sucking in a rasping, wet breath, Dean coughed and coughed until he couldn’t breathe, but then he shot up vertically and hacked something dark and liquid between his legs.  It ran down his chin and tear ducts, as his sunken eyes flicked up to meet Castiel’s.
“Hmm…”  Castiel considered it with a mischievous glint in his eye.  “I’d say pretty fucking bad.”
“Dean,” he said distractedly, as Dean started rubbing precum over their tips with his fingers.  “Dean, where are your condoms?”
Dean groaned deep, thumping his forehead against the cool metal of his locker door, and closed his eyes.  “Of course it wasn’t,” he muttered.  Anything to drag him out and parade him around.
Inside, the bar was crowded as promised.
Bringing his free hand around, Dean hooked two fingers into Castiel’s parted mouth and goaded him to suck.  Distractedly, Castiel wrapped his lips around them and laved his tongue over his thick fingers until they were soaked, Dean working his thumb all the while restraining his own grunts of arousal.  Dean spit around his thumb again and pulled it out, only to replace its absence with the fingers in Castiel’s mouth.  The burn was manageable.  Gripping the back of the seat, his fist tightened with a squeak of the leather and he bit his lower lip between his teeth at the alien sensation.  And then he hit something inside him that caused his entire body to quiver.
Sam tilts his head.  “What?”
The three of them nod to each other, willfully ignoring the idea of what condition he might be in when they do. If they can even find him at all.
“Don’t mind if I do, boy.”
Castiel dragged himself up slowly, rubbing the sleep from his still-hazy vision.  It took him a few minutes to notice the ibuprofen and full water bottle placed on his nearby desk with a note that simply read ‘TAKE ME’ in Dean’s messy scrawl.  Smiling weakly to himself, he did as he was told.
Dean was watching him through drooping eyelids.  Amusement clear on his face.  "I know you, though,” he said, pointing a finger, “Your type. You're all the same."
Cas slinks up the bed, arms trapping Dean in on either side.  Dean sinks a little further into the pillow, but who could blame him?  Cas is kind of terrifying when he takes control, in the hottest way possible.  He's hovering over Dean, blue eyes dark with want and staring at his mouth like he wants to devour him.  Dean is unequivocally on board.  “Don't ask stupid questions,” Cas orders, before crushing their lips together.
It was supposed to be a run of the mill hunt. A milk run. Just something to show Jack the ropes and exercise their muscles as a newfound group, but after poking around downstairs they soon realized they weren't hunting just one thing.
“The fact there’s absolutely nothing worth listening to in this entire music collection.”
Castiel considered him where he sat half concealed in shadows.  “You tried to murder Lisa.”
Dean rolled his eyes, but smiled all the same.  “Sure I do.  It’s Lisa.  She does yoga.  She’s very bendy,” he added with a suggestive leer and Castiel rolled his eyes right back.
“Y’know, you’re really beautiful when you come like that, Cas.”
,” he said pointedly as he scribbled the name down on the last line.  He eyed Castiel again.  “And y’know, don’t think I don’t remember you traipsing around here off your ass neither.  What you on this time?”  His eyes narrowed in scrutiny as if he were trying to peer into Castiel’s soul.
“Hopefully it has nothing to do with the state of your brother’s face…”
For all intents and purposes, it wasn’t technically difficult.  Pick one piece from the museum and one from the course material.  Compare.  Contrast.  The whole nine.  It was only a five page assignment, but he was new here and admittedly Dean knew very little about art aside from what he’d learned these past few weeks.  The freedom was throwing him for a loop.  Coming from high school where everything is regimented and pre-planned, the concept of being the one in control was a new one.  The idea of choice was really nailing him over the head.
“I don’t know.”  Aaron shrugged, but his cloying, oblivious smile said everything.  “I mean, I have a dorm.  We could work on the Art History paper or something.”
“Did I do something wrong?”  He sounded embarrassed.
With wide eyes, Aaron simply gaped.  “You can’t just… do that,” he stammered.
“You should go home,” piped up Chuck, “I mean it’s not exactly sanitary for you to be back here.”
It should have been pathetic, but even this reminded him of Dean.
"Mr. Winchester," he acknowledged with a curt nod, resolutely staring at the chipped blue tile in front of him as he pulled himself out of his pants.
It wasn’t like Benny was the posterboy for good intentions; he was no saint.  Who was he to even talk?
But Castiel was totally at a loss.  “I mean, I didn’t like her, but I never intended to make her uncomfortable,” he said, cluelessly.
“Figured she was lyin’.”
“Thank you, now will you please tell me what you need and get out of my chair.”
Twisting the knob, he pushed off the door and headed back inside the apartment, only to be met by Benny's way too amused face looking on while he ate his soggy bowl of Count Chocula.
“The dork makes a valid argument,” Charlie concedes with a sigh.
Cas took the offering and closed the fridge.  “Do you have peanut butter and jelly?”
Twisting his fists against his thighs, Dean readied himself as Cas rubbed his cock head along his stubbled cheek and lips. Dean gave a wet kiss to the tip, his tongue sliding into Cas’ slit, and barely suppressed another pitiful moan at the taste of his precum.
Pocketing the phone, he gave a muted laugh at his own self-inflicted predicament and sat up, head swimming from the rush.  Suddenly, he felt the delicate warmth of something dripping down his face.  He wiped his long nose on the back of his hand and, when he came away, it was streaked with bright, fresh blood.
Castiel didn’t have a good answer for him.
So he was out, decided Dean.
He was stalling, really.  Taking his time driving home.  The radio was pointedly off and staying that way and the ride home was quiet.  He’d dozed off after the second round and only come to again when it was pushing midnight.  He chastised himself the entire way out of Dean’s apartment, but only because he felt like he should be punished, not because he actually regretted anything they’d done together.  Based on the time on his wristwatch, he’d make it home just after midnight.  All his planned excuses flew out the window as he slowed to another stop just before his house came into view.
He was a bit frazzled and he had charcoal smears on the front of his button down, having forgotten to wear a smock, but it would have to do.  Pulling open the slideshow about the Sistine Chapel, he was now thankful they’d introduced this the other day because it meant he might be able to finish this lecture with the remaining time.  He requested everyone’s attention to the projector screen and once he finally set his line of sight on the auditorium and began to give his lecture it hit him like a punch to the gut.
“God, I’m so fucking stupid,” Castiel muttered.
“Um, yeah, I did.  Thanks again,” he eked out.  His voice was rough and squeaky all at once.  Out of the blue, his stomach gave a loud rumbling growl.
Just as he was finishing up folding and putting the clean clothes back into his laundry basket his phone buzzed again.
He nodded and headed for the coat rack.
Her lazy smile spread wider.  “We’re gonna have a good time, Clarence,” she drunkenly slurred, and before Castiel could correct her on the name, she was gripping his hand tighter and using it to tug him through the crowd towards the stairs.
Dean chuckled.  “Oh yeah?  Why’s that?”
“No, I just think he’s kind of a dick.  I mean, a pretty face doesn’t make up for an ugly personality,” explained Dean, getting to his feet and wiping the grass off the back off his ripped jeans.
The three of them bantered between each other about the game and other stupid shit while Dean just sat and watched the party unfold.  Taking in the sounds.  Taking in the occasional sip from his flask and convincing himself he was still searching for his girlfriend of all people.  Maybe he was, but he was searching for something else too.
“God works in mysterious ways or something like that?”
Somehow, though, Castiel didn’t believe him.
Desperate to cut the tension in the air, Dean attempts a joke.  “Yeah, you should see the other guy.”  It’s the wrong way to go and the nervous energy Cas was giving off in waves before slinks it’s way back in.
With a huff, Castiel zipped up his bag and threw it over his shoulder.  “Not that you care, but apparently I died at Gallagher’s party.  Thanks for coming to my funeral.”
Not Sammy, then.
"Was just curious why ol' Mikey always made the dicks so small.  He got a fetish or somethin'?"  Dean’s mouth twisted trying to abstain from a laugh, but a giggle escaped his lips anyway.
And he's right, it hurts, but in the best way possible.  “Keep goin',” mumbles Dean, pushing at Cas’ shoulders as a not so subtle suggestion.  Cas makes hot trails of kisses, pausing to mouth at the area just under Dean’s navel.  His tongue peeks out to taste the salty sweat forming on Dean’s skin before he inches even lower, teasing along the top of Dean’s sweatpants.  When he pulls them down lower, Dean’s erection bobs out against his stomach, practically aching for attention.  Cas ghosts another heated breath over Dean’s leaking cock before leaning in to suck the crease of his thigh.
This was good, he thought.
For all intents and purposes, Aaron wasn’t ugly.  He had short brown hair, too short to really grip.  He was shorter than Dean, but by more than one inch.  His skin was pale, not tanned.  The hair on his face had grown out, not left in a state of perpetual stubble.  Dark brown eyes, most notably not blue.  But Charlie wasn’t wrong, he really did like to stare.
“And don't forget about your fast approaching due date!”  Castiel reminded as his students started slipping out the door.  “I expect written masterpieces!”
“I’m gonna-- I need to--Cas--”
A lengthy pause stretched between them and, somehow, the silence felt even heavier than it did a moment ago. “But you’re right,” Castiel conceded, “Between the two of us, I'd look better in a miniskirt.”
That was a bit of an understatement.
He held the smoke in till his eyes watered and started to burn his lungs.  “Hey, fuck you,” he coughed, “I’m a goddamn catch.”
There were a lot of things Castiel couldn’t change by weekends end.  This was probably the only thing he didn’t want to forget about tonight.  He shook his head.  “No, I’m here of my own accord.”
“How do you feel about PB&J?” he called, sniffing a forgotten jar of grape jelly on the fridge door.
“Yeah?  And how’re the grades?”  He was asking Bobby, but his eyes were trained on Dean again as Dean purposely bored holes into the table.
Castiel sat back in a daze to look her in the eye and scoffed, looking positively wounded.  He could feel his balls turning blue at the mere idea of having to wait for some non-disclosed time known as ‘later’, but with another over-exaggerated huff, he relented.  Now he was aching and in desperate need to get high.  A winning combination.
He set about folding, stacking the clothes into neat and sorted piles on the end of Dean’s bed, when towards the bottom, he picked up a set of green, cotton panties.  Initially, he rolled his eyes, wondering why on Earth Lisa could never quite seem to remember to take these things with her, but then he spotted another pair.  A red pair.  And then another.  These ones, black.  Castiel left them in a heap on the bed, not wanting to trifle with her panties more than he already had.
“Sure I can.  I’m sure all you artsy types have heard of Georgia O’Keeffe, right?  Are you going to stand there and tell me she isn’t known for painting persqueeter?”
When he pulled away, Dean opened his eyes and smiled.  Voice hoarse and quiet, he said, “Would ya look at that, no visitors.”  He hoisted himself to his feet on unsteady knees, and unceremoniously sat back on the messy surface of Castiel’s desk, reaching for his own belt buckle.  “My turn.”
But he didn't tell Dean any of this, of course.
“Oh,” he said on a yawn.  With a pop of his shoulders, Dean stretched and turned.  “Bring me one too?”
Dean chuckled, taking the next wet plate from her.  “Nothin’ illegal, got it.”  He’d kind of been hoping she'd tell him he couldn't go, actually.
He laughed.  “What, and you're not?”  Dean had a hard time believing that most people weren’t above all this.
Unzipping her backpack, Charlie pulled out a brown paper sack.  By the smell of it, it was a burrito and Dean couldn’t help, but watch as Charlie bit into it.  She noticed.  Of course she did.  But who in their right mind would share a burrito?  Instead, she reached inside the paper bag and offered Dean the packet of tortilla chips and guacamole, and he politely declined twice, before snatching it out of her hands.
They put the same t-shirt and boxers back on as before.  Castiel didn’t have much of a choice and Dean was still working under the pretense that Benny’s room was his, so he figured Castiel might find it odd that Dean kept his clothes in the coat closet by the door.  Besides, it never hurt to wear a shirt multiple times, probably.  Pink Floyd never did nothing to nobody, but if you asked Sam, he would describe Dean as somewhat of a ‘neat freak’.  Sam wouldn’t necessarily be wrong, but this was a small price to pay to keep the remaining shred of dignity he had in tact for a few more hours.
His outfit looked okay.  He was aiming for dressy-casual; one of his better pairs of jeans without the rips and a clean, wrinkle-free button down shirt.  Having showered and applied deodorant, he was looking and smelling decent enough, but he still didn’t really want to go in.
Of course.  Dean was only as valuable as the dollars he brought in.  He snorted.  “Please, like Crowley would fire me.  That smarmy bastard needs me.”
After a few collective beats, Castiel peeled his eyes away to level Balthazar with a disbelieving glare.  “Really?”
Rounding the center island, he came to stand beside him, resting a reassuring hand to Cas’ shoulder as he surveyed the mess of burnt and bubbling pots on the stove.  The silence from him now was deafening even to his own ears.
“Because that’s better,” Castiel snarked.
Tilting his head back to rest against the concrete slabbed wall, Dean lolled his head to meet Castiel’s haunted eyes.  In the light, Castiel could see three ghastly gashes scratched across Dean’s gaunt eye socket.  Blood encrusted scab wounds starting and ending in crescent moons.  Lisa’s blood red fingernails like claws.
"You're all spoon-fed, trust-fund, know-it-alls living the life daddy built for you and other people don't matter to you, they just get in the way.  You think of people like things instead of like people,” he clumsily accused.  Dean slid off the wall and plunked his heavy boots against the tile, planting himself squarely in front of Castiel, but Castiel held his ground.
She slipped her hands into the back pockets of his jeans and tugged him closer.  “In that case… We’re going to Al’s again later if you want to tag along.”
Even after, Dean still prayed.  Begged forgiveness from the one pillar of divinity he had any trace of faith in because God had been dead just as long as Castiel had been buried in this eternal resting place.  Desperate ramblings from a guilty man. But Dean wasn't guilty.  Not for this.
Dean looked handsome like this.  Cheeks flushed from the chill in the air.  Hands finding themselves to rest low in the pockets of his trousers.  A freshly pressed button-down that still smelled of fabric softener as the wind caught and mussed up his combed hair.  The only evidence of anything gone awry were the fresh pink scars etched into the skin of his cheek.
Not wasting any time, Damien swayed his hips as he untied his satin robe, letting the silken material slide off his shoulders onto the carpet.  He had on the same black lace thong from earlier and nothing else.  “A little birdy told me you're the Birthday Boy,” he teased, bending over to wiggle his pert ass.
Gesturing to his face with the knife, Dean just said, “I dunno, whatever that face is you’re making.”
Dean rolled his eyes.  “Fuckin’ tease.”
“Lock this door behind me,” he instructed before descending.
“I- I guess I never told you ‘cus I thought I deserved it.  It was only me, ya know?  It wasn’t every time.  I thought I could handle him myself and then we had you to go to eventually when it got bad and I’m grateful for it— You don’t even know how grateful I am for it— but I’m at school now and  I thought it would stop with me being gone, but it didn’t.  It didn’t stop and now I don’t know how to protect him, Bobby!  He’s my little brother and I can’t even protect him.  I don’t know what to do and I just— please, Bobby, I need your help,” Dean finished with an abortive sniff, realizing too late that he’d already started crying like a frustrated child.
“Can't make any promises,” he said with a shrug, face scrunched, eyes half-squinting against the sun.
“You don’t sound fine.”
Some minutes passed and Castiel spent them absentmindedly gazing at the dancer that was on stage.  He wasn’t exactly capturing Castiel’s interest.  He was too muscular and his movements were too jerky and he had too much hair on his chest, but more than any of that he wasn’t Dean and Castiel hated himself a little more just for having the thought.  For all he knew, Dean still hated him too.  What was he even doing here?
Lisa looked to Benny and then to Dean, confused more than anything else.  “Wait, you guys used to be friends!?”
After his third attempt to focus on his homework failed, Castiel leaned back in his desk chair and groaned.
"Professor Novak," he drawled, accentuating both words.  Dean shook himself dry with a hitch in his step and zipped himself back up.
Dean almost seemed like he was blushing.  Almost.  “Yeah.  Is that weird?  I mean, you’re gay, right?  Figured you’d know, nonexistant sex life aside.”
He had seen the sharp sting in Dean’s eyes staring back at him.  They were hurt.  They were offended.  Angry.  Dean had every right to be because what Castiel had implied the other day was offensive and, in a way, to some small degree, Castiel had thought if it hurt a little then Dean would have felt dissuaded from his vague pursuit.
Demurely, Dean slipped past Castiel in the doorway and Sam followed.
“That’s not my name.”  He fumbled with it, trying to get it back into the wallet slot, as he made his way further into the darkened club.
It’s beyond it.
“Of course he doesn't.  Nobody does.”
Dean’s fingertips pressed bruises into the skin of Castiel’s hip and shoulder as he began picking up an almost brutal pace.  On every third thrust, he hit Castiel’s prostate and punched a shout from his throat.
“She’s old, Dean,”  Charlie always argued, like that made any difference.  “And she’s a horrible actress!”
Just then, Ellen’s daughter Jo approached the table looking less than jazzed about them taking up one of her tables.  “Not you two again,” she bemoaned, getting her pad of paper out of her apron.  Once upon a time, Dean and Sam helped Ellen fix the plumbing and they’ve never had to pay for a drink since, he explained to the table.  Everybody knew that already, including Jo.  “I still expect a really good tip.”
It worked.  Dean sighed.  “Fine,” he grumbled, “But just cuz you asked so sweet.”
come out with me tonight,” he mockingly begged.  “I think you’re awesome, weird kinks aside.  And I mean that, from the bottom of my heart.”  He laid a hand to his heart to prove it.
It was his last class of the day: a one hour seminar on Roman Sculpture.  One more hour and the first week of classes could be marked off in his planner.
A low whine formed in his throat, but Dean swallowed it down. “Yes, Daddy,” he managed to get out.
They grabbed their bags off the ground and meandered down the sidewalk, taking their time to get to their next classes before they had to part their separate ways.  Charlie had a Graphic Design class next and promised to meet Dorothy before it started.  Dean had Algebra.  They kept walking, talking about inconsequential things, until they came to Dean’s stop.  She wrapped him in a tight squeeze, Dean breathing out a light chuckle against her fiery hair in an attempt to make it light, but Charlie had little idea how much Dean loved those hugs.  How much he needed them, after everything.  Like maybe if she squeezed hard enough the pieces of himself would get stuck back together.  But that was too much to ask, so he laughed and let her go.
After carefully arranging his notes on the podium, Castiel pulled his laptop from its black leather carrier and began to search for the appropriate slides for his planned lecture as his students filed in at random intervals.   Castiel hadn't really learned any of their names yet, but he figured he would wait till the add/drop period ended before bothering.  Checking the wall clock, he noted it was about five minutes past the start time and decided whatever stragglers were late would have to make due or find him in his office hours after class.
Cas is whispering as he traverses the halls of the bunker, head poking into the occasional room, on the off chance Dean is actually asleep, though he knows that even if he is, it won't be for long.  Such has been the pattern since they returned; a few minutes here or there, never adding up to much.  It isn't sustainable, but Dean swears he's fine even if they all know it's a lie.  Cas doesn't need angelic assistance to know that much.
“I suppose...” he said, albeit with an abundance of caution.
“Maybe we should sit down.”
“Huh.”  Rolling his eyes, Dean turns back to the pantry shelves to pretend to search for something to eat.  All things aside, there’s nothing good on the shelves, but he still shuffles some cans around to look preoccupied.  “He didn’t think it required all hands on deck?”
Hesitantly, Dean gripped his hands under the crook of his knees, inhaling deep through his nose, before his legs fell apart, feeling more vulnerable than he’d ever felt in his life.  The subtle fluttering of butterflies filled his stomach as the cold air caressed his taint, but he told himself it was a good feeling.  He wanted this, even if he was legitimately terrified, and he didn’t want Castiel to think he was some inexperienced virgin either, because he wasn’t a virgin, he’d just never done this.
“Yeah, I am.  No need to be a fucking dick about it.  Maybe if you pulled your head out of your ass for two seconds you’d realize I’m trying to fucking help you!”
“Well, I wanna fix that,” he said, with a particularly convincing stroke of his palm.  “So I think you should let me help you.”
Castiel shrugged.  “You shouldn’t I suppose, but then again, you did say you trusted me.”  Dean rolled his eyes again and Castiel smiled.  A small thing lifting his lips.  He reached for Dean’s hand and, reluctantly, Dean let him take it.  He intertwined their fingers and pressed a kiss to Dean’s knuckles.  “I said I was sorry and I meant it.”
Jo simply rolled her eyes in response because she knew it was true.  “Anyway, what can I get you folks?”
Dean faltered at the deliberate obtuseness.  He looked almost affronted.  Knitting his brows together, he scoured the room, almost as if he were looking for whoever Castiel could possibly be referring to while Castiel tried to will them into existence.  Dean narrowed his stare briefly at Castiel’s perfectly stoic profile before releasing a singular, bitter laugh.  “Right, ok... my bad.  Musta been somebody else.”
“Well, it’s the only place we haven’t looked yet,” shrugs Sam.
As he lay restlessly fumbling with his blankets in the dark, Dean decides he’ll give Sam the bare fucking minimum without revealing anything too incriminating.  That should satisfy Sam’s insistent desire to butt his nose into Dean’s business and will hopefully tie up some loose ends too.
Shock swept over him, threatening to buckle him at the knees.  “Is she- Is Lisa alright?”
“I suppose I could,” Castiel mused, “But then who would tell you you’re doing that Chemistry worksheet entirely wrong?”
“What about Aaron?” asked Charlie, apropos of nothing.
At least, he hoped he did.
Aaron was clearly trying hard not to stare as Dean lifted the spoon to his lips and he was failing miserably, as with most things.  Motioning to the free chair between them, Aaron sat awkwardly when they nodded their assent.
He just finished stripping off all the layers of damp, heavy fabric, tossing them in a wet heap on the yellowed bathroom linoleum, when a light rapping rattles his motel room door.  Dean’s not dumb, either; he knows it’s going to be Cas on the other side of that door.  He can sense it.  Not in the same way that Cas can, but in a human way.  Because who else would be knocking on his door at the most inopportune time?  And who else would be making Dean’s stomach do flip flops at this hour?
He says it in that way that tells Dean he’s the one that’s being an asshole here, but the only thing that does for him is get on the last of Dean’s ever-thinning nerves.
Castiel could hear the embarrassed blush in Dean’s tone as much as he could see the silhouette of Dean bringing a hand to the back of his neck.  The dull drone of the organ music filled the empty air from outside the confessional as they sat uncomfortably in shared silence.  Maybe it was inappropriate to ask, but how else would Dean be fully absolved if he didn’t address his sins directly.
“I’m bored,” Castiel dubiously reasoned, “Need to stretch my legs.”
And as if Dean’s touch were dark magick, Castiel came back to life.
And god, had he tried.
“Fine. I need to piss. Is that alright with you?”
Dean exhales another exasperated breath.  He’s getting too old for this crap.  “It’s like the factory and the bunker animorphed in my mind or some shit, I dunno.  It just wasn’t right.  And then I found you guys in the basement digging around in a bunch of crap--”
“They want to send me and Crowley on a delivery run.  You can’t come.”
“E.T.?”
“This.  How clueless I am.  I don’t think she’d ever let me live it down.”
Castiel shrugged with a grimace.  “I’m not sure.  It seemed like a good idea at the time, I suppose.”
,” Dean whined again, aching for the man just out of arm’s reach. “Need you, Cas.”
“I didn’t break up with Meg because of- because of her eyes, Dean,” he blisters.  “This is veering off topic.” He sighs again, running a hand over his peach fuzz.  “I guess I should just say it.”  He struggles to get comfortable and ends up sitting uncomfortably straight against the arm of the couch. Dean takes a swig of beer and slides it onto the coffee table in anticipation, but nothing can prepare him for what Cas says next:
“Right.  You’re too busy.”
Leaning down over him, Castiel murmured next to his ear, “This isn’t going to happen if you don’t trust me, Dean,” he said it as if his dick wasn’t buried deep in Dean’s ass already.  “Do you understand?”  He nibbled on the lobe while he waited for an answer.
“Never doubted you.”  Dean hummed before biting the top of Castiel’s spine.
Glancing around the empty room, Sam’s mouth ticked up in the corner.  “Was that the question?”
He wants to say no. He really does. He’s never had to give a shot before and, for all his talk, he actually hates getting them himself.  But Cas is giving him that look again. That sad, blue-eyed, puppy dog look, but it’s hopeful this time and there’s just something about it that twists Dean’s arm enough to get him to reach for the pamphlet laying on the counter.  He reads it over thoroughly and then he reads it over once, twice, three times more.  He doesn’t want to fuck it up, but based on the way Cas’ eyes keep nervously darting to the unopened sharp, he’s the best chance they got of getting this show over with. It seems straightforward enough, at least.
“I’m sure you’ll figure it out, man,” Sam said on the tail end of a yawn.  He rose to his feet to head to bed and gave Cas a supportive “I believe in you” on his way out of the library.
“Did I?”  The corner of Dean’s mouth lifted.  “What, no
“So, what are you guys up to?”
“Love your cock, Cas,” Dean breathed with a full body shiver at the barest of taste on his tongue.
It wasn’t the first time in the last week that she’d complained of feeling not so fresh, but it wasn’t really Dean’s business so he didn’t feel he should add his two cents.  Now, though, it was a little different.  “Dude’s got a point.  You should take care of yourself first.  Besides, we don’t want whatever you’ve got.”
As soon as they reach the car, Jack is climbing out of the backseat and lunging for Dean to wrap him in a really awkward, really tight hug, effectively pressing all the air out of his lungs with an “Oof”.  Dean wouldn’t admit it, but it feels pretty good right about now.  “Dean, I’m sorry I failed.”
What if it was Sam, he repeated to himself, mustering the courage to simply hit the button.
“I just don’t,” he said, scratching at his bristly beard.  “I know you said we’d get docked, but I was hoping maybe I could hand it in on Tuesday?”
Castiel ignored it as it reverberated against the sill of the open window.
“Do not gorge yourself like a common animal on tainted blood,” scolds Castiel, pulling the thumb from Dean’s mouth.  “You’ll spoil your appetite.”  The clouds in his vision have barely begun to part when Castiel releases his painful grip and Dean straightens his posture against the wall.
The hand on Dean’s face dropped to his lap and his eyebrows screwed up.  Of course it was a bad time.  Leave it to Dean to grow the balls to call him now.  The silence between them grew rife and tenuous before he finally snapped himself out of the self-pitying loop playing in his head.
“Look, they didn’t give specifics, they just said not to bring you along, and considering you’re not in a position to argue, I would do what they say.  You do want the stuff right?”
“Fuck, Cas you’re so tight,” he gasped.  “Dunno how long I’m gonna last.  Feels so good.”  His nails dug half moons into the meat of Castiel’s thighs, indecisive in whether to keep him still for longer or to get him moving.
“Which part of that makes sense, exactly?”
“Yeesh, sorry I asked!”
“Yeah, what? Little busy here, Cas.”
Suddenly, Dean reached his hand out for the knob on the radio to lower the volume and Castiel’s gaze flitted from his thick fingers to his twisted profile watching the road.  Something was eating at Dean too, it seemed, his eyebrows contorting in strange ways.  His lips parted as if to speak, but he didn’t say anything, he just pressed his mouth into a thin line.
Cas puzzles over the information, unsure what he’s supposed to do with it.  “Good for Wendy,” he says in the hopes it’s the appropriate thing to say.  He can’t see him, but he can feel Sam’s eye roll over the phone.  Not the right thing, he decides.  “I’m sorry, I’m a bit out of sorts this morning,” he clarifies, trying not to think about his and Dean’s prior sexual escapade.  “What about the factory?  Did you find anything there?”
“How many dinners?”  He choked out eventually.  “How many dinners did you insist upon attending before you corrupted him?”  He hawked spit by the sole of Castiel’s shiny black shoes, but he continued on just as Castiel did.  “A married man?  On the Lord’s day, no less?”  The two of them competing to find the bigger voice.  “Was the Lord not good enough for you, Father?”
Perplexed, Dean raised an eyebrow in question.  “Uh, what?”
Cas elects to chop the vegetables he forced upon Dean at the store due entirely to the fact he claims Dean is too tired to brandish sharp objects.  He’s not wrong, but Dean still put up a fight.  And secretly, Dean really does like vegetables sometimes, and after a few wise cracks, Dean relents his grip on the knife and moves to put a pot of water on the stove for some potatoes.  They don’t talk about much, but the quiet doesn’t feel strained anymore either.  Dean just thanks whoever that Cas doesn’t try to bring up anything unfavorable that Dean could tell was just simmering below the surface during every other interaction they’d had this week.  Somehow, it’s easy.
“You misunderstand.” Cas steps ever-closer, to an extent that had never been crossed before, and Dean swallows nervously. “I’m in love with you, Dean Winchester.”
, so Dean just sighs and ignores the pangs of craving.
Other-Him finally just clears his throat. “So, uh, back home… you’re— you’re hunters?”
actually letting Sam know… anything.
“That… literally makes no sense. What’s your
Cas smiles, and he puts out a hand and Dean takes it, intertwining their fingers and relishing the warmth of skin, the fact that Cas is
So he watches raptly Other-Them look at each other, trading glances before looking at Other-Cas. “Not sure if Billie would even let us, with her ‘rules’,” Other-Him finally mutters, and Other-Dean’s face pinches uncomfortably.
Sam clicks his tongue in agreement, and Other-Them just shake their heads. “Look, whatever. This, this ‘mating glands’ or ‘scenting bands’ or whatever aren’t going to, like, mess anything up, right?” Other-Dean nods in approval when Sam and Dean both say the affirmative, and then he goes to leave, before freezing, staring at Dean’s neck.
find a boyfriend or trying to get serious with Balthazar.”
left arm too still,
Other-Him raises an eyebrow and shares another, loaded look with Other-Dean, and then just shakes his head. “No, we… don’t. What’s a ‘mating gland’?”
a mate, according to Charlie, was one of the most difficult things she’d ever done.
Sam nods, almost to himself. “Makes sense.” He waits, for a moment, for the question he knew he would eventually ask, and he isn’t disappointed.
bring Cas back, so this is — the knot of pain in his chest from seeing Sam’s face crumple in front of him softens, just a little bit, at the stray tendrils of hope.
In front of them, Other-Dean and Other-Sam freeze, and then they carefully look at each other and it’s weird as hell, seeing them communicate in glances and touches the way he and Dean do, but not being able to understand it because they
When your mate was
, Dean tells Sam in a shift of his shoulders.
“Are you… alright?”
“Take as much time as you need… just— I’m here for you, okay? We all are.”
“…Guys?”
“Can’t imagine your trust issues got better with time, either.” It’s a low blow, and Dean just glares and stares at Sam, shaking his head. Sam knows he shouldn’t be doing this — hell, in Dean’s current state, he should barely be able to construct a proper sentence, let alone make a sensible argument, but unhealthy is their middle name so he presses the point and Dean gives.
Castiel started to eat and feed Dean at the same time. “Once he’s eaten his breakfast you all can have him until this afternoon,” he said. “I’m sorry I kept him for myself last night, but I wanted him well rested for tonight.”
Benny strolled into the room just as Balthazar’s knot was finally going down, and the alpha pulled out and pushed the plug back into place. Benny smiled softly down at Dean, still slumped over the counter, exhausted and well used.
Dean purred into the Alpha’s skin. “Mmm, yes Alpha. ‘M so full…” His hand rubbed his swollen belly. The slight ache from the last breeding was already fading as his body opened up to accommodate it. There didn’t seem to be a limit to how much he could take.
Dean whimpered as Castiel collapsed to the bed and pulled Dean’s back to his chest. The little omega’s cock throbbed and his hole ached with want, but he kept his mouth shut and didn’t beg to come. He desperately wanted to show his Alpha he could be good.
“Daddy…” Dean moaned, voice sleepy even as he pushed his ass back to meet Castiel’s probing fingers. He whimpered as two of them pushed inside, giving Dean a little stretch. His cock was already so hard from nursing on Daddy’s cock, and even though the fingers felt so good he knew he wasn’t allowed to come when he didn’t have his diaper on. Daddy didn’t like messes in the bed.
Castiel grinned. “I know.” He reached out to pat Dean’s hot cheek. “You were made for this, weren’t you, little bitch?”
“That was unacceptable, Dean,” Castiel said, sounding disappointed. “Now I’m going to have to punish you, you’ve given me no choice.” He roughly yanked Dean’s jeans and briefs down around his knees, baring his ass.
Dean let out a sleepy groan as he felt his daddy’s fingers run up and down his ass, pushing down to tease at his hole, and he knew he wasn’t going to be able to fall asleep just yet. Daddy could never sleep unless he was inside him, and since he’d already given Dean one of his knots to nurse on it was only fair that he got to play with Dean until his next knot was ready.
“Mine,” Castiel growled, his hard cock grinding against Dean’s ass while his hands fought with the buttons on Dean’s shorts, finally yanking them down to reveal Dean’s pink panties. “Gonna claim my omega.”
Dean continued to suckle as his daddy read to him, enjoying the feeling of the hard cock filling his mouth. When the knot finally started to swell he heard his daddy’s voice falter and the alpha dropped the book, gripping Dean’s hair and starting to thrust again. Dean groaned as the knot swelled in his mouth and tied behind his teeth, filling him just right. He closed his eyes and suckled gently as his daddy’s milk ran down the back of his throat.
Dean didn’t pay her any mind, his focus was entirely on pleasing Castiel, a fact which pleased the alpha greatly.
Dean gasped when Gadreel picked him up and put him over his shoulder, much the way Castiel had done the night before. He went submissively limp, letting the Alpha carry him upstairs and into the guest room, where he was dropped onto the huge bed.
Dean whimpered and slumped down against Castiel’s chest, letting out a little moan as he settled a little further onto the alpha’s knot.
Dean got up on wobbly legs, a hand coming up to cup his bloated belly as he stumbled out of the room, blushing as the Alphas chuckled at the sight of him. He padded down the hall and let himself in to Castiel’s office, pausing in the doorway as the Alpha looked up at him.
Dean didn’t know what that was, and he was afraid to ask. He just submissively ducked his head.
“I know you don’t understand,” Castiel said calmly. “You’re only a human, all of this is beyond your small mind’s ability to comprehend.” He ran a gentle hand through Dean’s hair, like a he were stroking a pet. “But you will be well cared for, and in exchange you will give me many pups. Once you are trained you will be happy.”
Benny’s hips slapped hard against Dean’s ass as he pounded into him. “Let me hear that sweet little introduction of yours again,” he said, gasping a little as he fucked the little omega under him.
“We’re taking motorcycles?” Dean asked, excited.
Dean sighed and nodded, eyes already drifting shut. “Yes, Alpha,” he mumbled, already half asleep.
Dean’s eyes grew wide. “A pack bitch?” His heart started to race, conflicting emotions of fear and lust clouding his mind. His thoughts were suddenly flooded with images of himself being used by a group of Alphas.
Dean blushed and nodded. “Yes, please.”
“Okay boys, your turn,” Castiel said, speaking to the dogs. “Outside!”
to obey.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Except you, bitch.”
It didn’t take long for Dean to become a whimpering mess, but he managed to keep his noises soft, so as not to interrupt his alpha’s conversations. He knew Castiel loved his desperate sounds, as long as they were quiet enough for polite company.
Castiel nodded sadly. “And what does that mean, Dean?”
Castiel got up and headed for the back slider door. “Come on boys, time to go out,” he called.
“Who’s that?” Dean asked quietly, hearing footsteps coming up the stairs.
Dean blushed and covered his face with his hands as Castiel made quick work of changing his diaper, and soon he was clean and dry again. He peaked through his hands up at his daddy.
Dean slowly moved to leave, and as he made to pass Castiel his eyes dropped to the still sizable bulge in the front of the alpha’s pants.
Dean felt Benny’s knot start to relax, and the Alpha pulled his cock free just in time to let the last blast of come hit his face, and it ran from Dean’s lips, down his chin and neck. He whimpered softly, missing the knot already. But then he was being hauled upright to sit up on Castiel’s lap, impaling him a little deeper on his Alpha’s knot, and he let out a needy moan.
Dean woke as he did every morning, to the feeling of his daddy’s cock moving inside him with the lazy thrusts of early morning. Dean let out a little whimper and pushed back to meet it, pleasure pulsing through him as he was filled. No matter how many times his daddy knotted him he never tired of it, always wanted more.
Dean loved his daddy. He loved him very, very much.
“You want my cock, baby doll?” Castiel asked. “You want to suck it?”
Dean softly moaned at the touches, but his mind was too fuzzy to pay much attention.
It wasn’t long before Dean was gasping and begging to come. “Please Alpha! Please may I come? I’ll be a good bitch today, I promise!”
Dean quietly let himself into the room, noticing the tall, beautiful book shelves, as well as the big windows behind the wide desk where Castiel sat working. The Alpha glanced up at Dean with a smile. “There’s my good little fuck toy. Come sit on my cock while I work.”
He was wearing black dog ears and a puppy tail was sticking out of his ass. The outer part of the cock gag was shaped like a dog bone, and it looked like he was holding it in his mouth. The mitts on his hands were dog feet, even the kneepads he was wearing had paw prints on the underside. All of it was in a matching black leather.
Castiel smiled. “But that’s going to have to wait, I have a feeling I’m going to have to knot you several more times before my inner alpha will let you out in public,” he said with a laugh.
“I will
Dean moaned at Castiel’s words. “Yes, Alpha!” He gasped. “Need to be fucked hard and filled with your knot! Please!”
“Um, I’m sorry to interrupt,” Castiel said. “I just wanted to bring you, bring you
Which he immediately regretted when Castiel was right back again, dragging him back to his hands and knees. He yelped around the gag as he was spanked again, his ass burning painfully now. Only this time Castiel didn’t stop after a couple smacks.
It was a strange life here. It wasn’t all that bad, nobody was cruel to him. But he lived halfway between that of a slave and a beloved pet. Werewolves saw humans as less than them, only used for breeding. The human omegas were still well cared for and loved by their alphas, and the pack protected them fiercely. Dean had learned that they could not produce their own omegas, which was why they relied on captured humans to bear their pups.
“Come on Dean, you need to be dressed.”
Dean whimpered and bit his lip, holding back his release as Castiel’s thick cock started to swell and fill him, knot growing bigger with each hard thrust.
Dean shivered and squirmed, startled again by the pleasure at his alpha’s words. “Yes, Daddy…”
Dean tried not to squirm as he ate, but he couldn’t help the little gasps and whimpers that kept escaping him.
“Please Daddy!” Dean begged, all hesitation lost to desperation. “I need your knot Daddy, please!”
But when Castiel saw the small boy walk into the room, he was immediately struck by how stunningly beautiful Dean Winchester was. He had bright green eyes and golden freckles across his face, and his body was the most perfectly petite little thing Castiel had ever seen. He was noticeably smaller than the rest of the class and Castiel guessed he was well under five feet tall.
Dean suddenly gasped as Benny gripped his hair tight to hold him still and took over, fucking the omega’s throat roughly. Dean went limp with submission under the harsh treatment, his little cock straining with want and leaking a drop of pre-come onto the floor. His ass throbbed around the plug filling him, desperate for a real knot. When Benny finally came with a grunt, Dean let out a long moan and settled in to suckle the Alpha’s huge knot, content to feel the Alpha’s seed fill him.
“You can,” Castiel growled, his knot swelling as he intentionally pushed in and out of the omega, feeling the boy’s tight rim stretch around him. “Your body was made for this.” He watched as each thrust made the omega’s belly bulge with the fullness of his cock.
Somehow Dean managed to remember himself enough to beg to come. “Please Alpha! Please may I come?” He gasped out, writhing on the counter as Benny’s swelling knot pistoned against his sweet spot, signaling the Alpha was close to knotting him.
Dean’s desperate cries were muffled but he arched his back and tried to press back against Gadreel, doing his best to beg the Alpha to fuck him harder. He wanted more, needed it. The pain was long gone, leaving nothing but blinding, desperate pleasure.
Gadreel’s voice rumbled. “I’ve never seen a bitch respond so eagerly to being knotted that roughly, it was impressive. Is he professionally trained?”
“You’ve been such a good boy today,” Castiel said, clipping the leash to Dean’s collar. “We want to give you a treat before bed.” He tugged gently on the leash, encouraging Dean to follow.
“Yeah, I’m still workin’ on that.” Dean gave him an awkward chuckle and shrugged his sincerest apologies.  “Got anything else for me to do back here?  Got another hour or so to kill before close.”
The hunt was easy, but things got a little hairy there for a minute.  Nothing Dean couldn’t handle, of course, he was just supremely glad to be home.  His sweatpants were practically screaming his name.  Ascending the steps into the library, Dean paused and sniffed the air, detecting the distinct scent of burning food and muttered curses.  He set his duffel down carefully.
“Yes, sir,” Dean grumbled, eyes averting towards the floor.
“Asshole,” he muttered back.  “You're already losing.”
Sam’s bitch face only intensifies.  “And what about you?”
“Long story.”  He wipes his mouth with a paper napkin and pushes the sandwich out of the way.
“Cas, please,” he urged through his teeth.
“Shit— Fuck yeah, Cas,” Dean moaned to himself, lapping over the head in messy circles, replacing Cas’ hand with his own.
“I found your girlfriend’s underwear in my laundry again,” Castiel stated bluntly towards the floor.  He tossed the pair of pink, satin panties in Dean’s general direction who caught them between his fingers.  Dean stared at them in a peculiar way and swallowed.
He was an idiot.
Dean casted Benny a side glance where his head was heavily resting against the back of the couch.  “What?”
“You’re loose,” Cas noted. His mouth pursed into a tight, disapproving line.
Sam glances to her in the rearview and she looks concerned.  “In our experience, it’s best not to talk about this sort of thing, but if you want we can bring you there.”
A small smirk formed at the corner of Castiel’s mouth.  “I probably shouldn’t.”
Wiping her mouth with a paper napkin, Charlie asked, “Did you explain about your grandmother and everything?”
Without much else to do in the moment, he decided to return back to his spot by the window, and he reached for his charcoal again, pretending to sink back into his previous mindset like a cold bath.
“Yeah?”  Dean felt his face heat up quick.  Not like he could deny it now. “And what’s yours?”
“Pretty in Pink,” he finally admitted, but he regretted it immediately because as it turned out, this was one of Dean’s favorite movies, and if Castiel had felt shameful enough imagining Dean in pink panties while he touched himself, the shame he felt now as he sported a not so subtle erection in front of him only made it worse.
“On the contrary.  I think for whatever reason life has been abundantly unfair to both of you and everything you’ve gone through has seemed to make you incredibly resilient.  In our own way, we’re all just trying to survive.  Sometimes that means doing what we have to even if it’s difficult or unfavorable.  So, no, I could never think less of you for it.  If anything, I think the world of you, Dean.”
Cas tosses a look behind him, his chest heaving and breathless, and infinitesimally narrows the opening to spare Dean the sight, but it’s too late. Dean’s face has already turned an embarrassing shade of beet red to match.
“Or else, what!  You gonna try to stab me too!?”
“Oh, I dunno, that whole alpha male bullshit you just pulled.  Was that really necessary?”
Dean groaned again, but couldn’t find it in his heart to disagree.
“Cuz then we never woulda met,” he said with a half-smile, and one of those small, secret smiles tugged on the corner of Castiel’s lips to match.
Drying his hands, Aaron turned back to Dean and asked, “Hey, you want to get out of here?”
“Hopefully,” Sam says distractedly, not feeling much hope about any of it, “Feels kinda like we’re stumbling around in the dark out here still.”  They should’ve gone back sooner like he’d wanted, but Dean’s too goddamn stubborn.  He tries not to dwell on the missed opportunities anymore, they tend to pile up like bodies.
“Cas, I— I remember you.”
Dean’s playfully rolled his eyes, but his smile widened just that much more.  “I know, Mom.  Love you too.”
He went back to his coffee and settled in again, and Dean couldn’t help but think if the things preying on Castiel’s mind were anything like what was preying on his, they’d solve a lot of problems if they just met in the middle again.
Lifting one wary foot, Dean inched closer.  His face read unsure as he mulled the proposition over.  The moment lasted an eternity.  “And what if I said yes?  You gonna pretend this never happened come Tuesday?”
“Is he, y’know, okay?”  The bouncer made a circular gesture with his finger as he peered over Balthazar’s shoulder.
There's a pregnant pause on the other side of the door so Dean braces himself for the plea bargain.
She thinks it over and flexes her joints and whatever else.  Cas had already healed her wounds in the basement, so the hospital only served as a surefire way to get carted off to the insane asylum.  “No, I suppose I don’t need to.”  Sam nods.
“Wasn't that the stripper?”
“I left?  You’re the one that went to fucking France, Bal!  And for what, because you couldn’t handle a simple rejection?”
“I forgot you were allergic,” Castiel said with an apologetic grimace.  “If you’ll excuse me, I’ll lock him away and try to find you something to take.  I’ll just be a moment.”
Her voice kept playing, but all Castiel heard was the faint buzzing of static from the television set.  He registered her staring again when her voice cut out.  That same familiar stare, the one that made him feel all the guilt he never felt at Dean’s, and he looked up from his lap to meet it.  With as much enthusiasm as he could muster, he smiled a watery smile at her.  The corners of his eyes prickled with moisture, but he wasn’t sure what this feeling was.
” he hummed the rest of the chorus and clapped his bound hands along, seemingly oblivious to Castiel’s question.  “Boy, I just love that song.  Don’t you?” He laughed at Castiel’s bemused expression.
Dean’s mouth quirked in consideration.  He nodded slowly and smiled.  “Honestly, that’s half the fun.”
Castiel spilled the holy water on his face, into his mouth and up his nose, and Dean sputtered and squealed around it, limbs flailing as he struggled to breathe.  He laid his crucifix to Dean’s forehead, embedding it with his palm, and he raised his voice higher over him still, repeating the exorcism, casting him out once more and ignoring the way Dean’s body contorted and convulsed against the mattress.
“Aha!” Sam snakes his arm out of the box clutching a board game. When he blows the dust off the game box, Jack sneezes, but Dean figures it's too on the nose to say bless you to a half angel kid. Cas says it anyway. “Check it out! Looks like we're good to go, guys.”
Castiel was aggravating on a normal day with his stupid, borderline-reckless behavior and his obnoxiously snarky responses, but this day had been trying Dean’s last shred of patience since the moment he woke up and he really wasn’t in the mood to deal with it anymore.
Castiel blinked away his own dazed expression and craned his neck.  “What makes you say that?”
"Did you?”  Based on what Castiel had seen all week, that wasn’t true.  He was either moping or flirting, but who was he to question it.  “I'm glad to hear that."  A slow trickle began to flow into the urinal.
Aaron had brought Dean down to the kiln room to try to dazzle him with his poor attempts at sculpture.  Castiel would know, he teaches the subject.  There was artistic expression and then there was Aaron.  Castiel rendered him on the latter half of the sliding scale.  He surmised he must not even know what he was doing to make things that poorly.  Either that, or ‘intentionally bad’ was just his style.  Somehow, Castiel doubted it.
Sam breezes past it.  “Cas, it’s not a djinn.  I don’t know what we’re dealing with, but it looks like she was ripped open from the inside out,” he says lowly, turning his back to Jack.  “And, uh,” he clears his throat, “There’s a lot of sex toys here.”
“Yes,” he ground out.
At the mention of her name, Dean’s face morphed into something more genuine, less cocky.  “Yeah, we get on great.  Ran into her in the kitchen earlier getting drinks, sorry if you were waiting on her, but there was a game of beer pong going on and I was losing.  Needed the backup.  You get it, right?”
Sam weighs the question.  “In this case, yeah, I guess it is.  We need to help Dean and this is the only way he’ll let us.”
“Yeah, uh, see ya tomorrow, man.”
Dean considered the question as he tapped the end of his pen against his chin.  “Not at the moment,” he decided with a slow spread of his lips, “Just wanted to point out I came on time.”
“Like you ever get laid.”
“It’s complicated,” he parroted,  clearly unamused.  “What, they don’t trust me?”  They knew he was jonesing; Crowley must have ratted him out.  And honestly?  He didn’t trust himself either.
“Fuck--”
“Yes, you’re right.  We should.” Though, it took a full thirty seconds for either of them to move.  Holding his hand out towards the house, Castiel gestured, “After you.”
“Mmmh.  Those two in the back tell you to ask me about my car, or what?”
“I see,” hummed Castiel.  “She’s a nice girl.”  He wasn’t sure where he was aiming with the remark, he was just pulling out anything to take the target off himself.
He didn't sleep well that night.
Cas is about to tell what’s his face it’s not a good time, but he doesn’t get that far before the guys reveals himself in the doorway— and Dean means reveals himself. Dean won’t lie either, the dude is packing serious heat.
This wasn’t the first time his feet lead him here either.  He’d found himself standing here more than once over the last month, mind convinced it was simply a nice place to go for a walk.  Lying to himself as if to say he didn’t want to go inside again.  As if to say the whole thing was just one big coincidence instead of fate.
“You,” Cas answers squarely, suppressing the smile vying to come to the surface.
But Castiel was already a little freaked out.  The longer he stared, the more their pupils bled black.
“Dude, it’s so obvious it’s painful.”
Special.  What a novel concept.
At some point, there were a couple of angry soccer moms duking it out over who got the next washing machine, but Dean didn’t tell them he was finished.  He wasn’t about to get his eyes scratched out by whoever didn’t win.  They both had tacky acrylic nails too.  No thank you.
“Tell me, Dean,” he caresses the name with the tip of his tongue, “Are you hungry?”
“So, in this case, lying is a good thing?”
They fell into a weighted silence, but Castiel knew Dean was biting his tongue about something the longer that silence dragged on. ‘Marv’ for his part, let out another snore, tilting back further in the chair, and the ticking of the wall clock filled the space in between Dean’s calculated side glances.
“Just giving you something to think about,” he offered before he left Castiel alone on his bed with his Molecular Biology textbook carefully obscuring his traitorous bulge.
“And because you have a big lesbian crush on me.”
“Nothing,” he said dismissively, despite the fact he swayed a little getting off the train.  “Not that it’s any of your concern.”  He was nowhere close to as far gone as he’d been last time.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay, so it’s like this,” he starts, hesitant.  “I, uh, I fucked up the words to Cas’ spell.”  He ignores the feeling of Cas’ inevitable ‘I told you so’ and presses on.  “I found the hex bag, said the wrong mumbo-jumbo, there was a flash and then I was gone, man.  Next thing I know, I’m wet and in the bunker, but it’s not like… the bunker, y’know?”
Barely having dried his shoulders off, Dean faltered when the familiar whine of the broken door buzzer droned from out in the living room.  Had it already been twenty minutes, or was Castiel early?  Honestly, Dean might have been surprised he’d shown up at all if he were giving it much thought.  Maybe he was just that drunk.  Roughing his hair with the towel, the short strands stood in wet spikes, but he didn’t have time to care because Castiel was waiting out in a downpour right now, so he slung the towel around his hips and tripped over his own feet on the way to let him in.
