“Let’s maybe try not to provoke people into suing us, will you? We’re in enough trouble already,” John teased.
“Yet” Sherlock piped in, because of course he did…despite the fact that he’d promised minutes ago not to ruin the introductions.
Feeling better equipped to face the world after his rest, John sped up the rest of the climb despite their paving—tiny, irregular (but thankfully bevelled) black stones— seeming expressly built to trick your foot into falling if you weren’t careful. A handful of minutes later, he found himself in a smallish square, with narrow streets departing from it. He was officially in Urbino. Now what?
“You are accusing me without any hint of evidence, why wouldn't I assume you did the same thing to John, since you just seem to want an arrest?” There were actually at least another three clues, but this wording would hopefully make have her explain the evidence they had against the doctor.
John turned around once he'd managed to settle his face into a neutral expression. Or at least he hoped so.
But John seems to have forgotten about it, and doesn't even hint at bringing his laptop upstairs when he retires to bed, which would put a considerable spanner in Sherlock's plans. No, everything is just laying there for him to learn. John didn't even erase his history. Not that he often does, but he's not often a mix of guilty and worried, either.
By the time they arrived at the Academy, he had a dozen hypotheses, none of them any more probable than the others: he really needed more information on the victim. Part of him still insisted that if he hadn't been so focused on John, he might have deduced enough during their visit to have solved it already. Then again, without John he wouldn’t have been part of the group or involved in the murder at all. Mycroft certainly wouldn’t have volunteered their help, lest his participation be requested, too. As mildly amusing as breaking in a lab had been, he had no doubt that eventually boredom would have driven him crazy.
Gemma nodded, and rushed after the madman. John started tapping against his thigh. It was maddening how every single decision they made was the wisest possible in this situation...but it still led to him being excluded. He wanted to know what was going on, damn it! And strictly speaking, he was the one who had the most experience with death. Why was the journalist asked to solve the case? Just because his name was Sherlock Holmes? ...Or maybe because he was a legit genius. Okay, there was that.
Sherlock felt half-ready to go kick Spartan arse now. And he wasn't even equipped. The hoplites looked at him, and it took him a shamefully long time to even notice, because he was just sitting on the ground, looking up at Captain John Watson, and feeling rather like an overheated sunflower. The smiles he kind of expected. The hushed conversation about who topped between them he didn't. What did it matter?
“Let’s start with her flatmate. She would have all she needs to make herself presentable after her murder in the first place. And if college taught me anything, it's that flatmates and dorm mates often want to murder each other. Maybe this one actually went through with it,” Sherlock replied, sitting shotgun in Gemma's car. She would have a hard time maintaining the right facade with her colleagues this way.
John could see Sherlock’s eyes wandering, looking for another excuse to launch into a search. He could either stay and become useless without a translator, or give his friend the excuse he craved and join in the active part of the investigation. With the Italians having switched back to their own language, which he blamed on sheer forgetfulness rather that any attempt to exclude him, it didn't feel like much of a choice.
John didn’t need a translation for that. The words ‘suspect’ was close enough, and the woman’s reaction unmistakable. She went white first, then flushed brightly, and her already angry stare turned downright murderous. To avoid having yet another exceedingly bloody crime on their hands, Gemma and he stepped in front of Sherlock at the same time, and started spewing apologies in two languages.
"Because you're fascinating, why else? And I don't just mean handsome—though that doesn't hurt—you're brilliant, and I'd like to have at least another chance to show you that I'm not a maddening idiot. Not on my best days, at least. In fact, I've been told that I can be entertaining
The cop turned around, her usual cheerfulness cranked up to eleven, a new, almost manic light in her clear, blue eyes. “Oh my God oh my God oh my God, I can’t believe it! I’m sad to say that this is not going to be a lurid tale of revenge and forced marriage—we’d know if she was married, for one—and there aren’t any Western elements unless you go to a Sergio Leone retrospective, I’m afraid. But that this should happen in real life, to
“His hair. It would drive you nuts. So many shades of blond, that a faithful portrait would take ages. Good thing that he still has the military haircut, or he would look like the real life model of an angel, and as kind as he is, that’s definitely not his whole nature. Thank God.”
"But let me make sure I have things straight." Straight might not be the best adjective, but Sherlock isn't going to argue semantics now. "You're ApparentlyObvious. You figured out I appreciate your style, and that's what brought the sudden kissing on. Not because a man's alibi depends on it. Or that you decided you need data of some sort. I like it, you like it."
Right now, though, he didn’t want to hook up with anyone. He wanted Sherlock Holmes, the only one in the world. Or at least he hoped—it was awful enough that one child had to carry such a burden. At least to get better acquainted with him, even if things went nowhere. And this meant sending him that message he’d promised. As brilliant as the man was, you couldn’t expect him to read John’s mind, and when he wasn’t even there to boot.
Not that John was complaining. A cab brought him from the airport to the station, a train would carry him to Pesaro, and there he could catch a bus to Urbino. There was, technically, a direct bus Ancona—Urbino, but only one a day, and he didn’t feel like spending a day in the city. Not with his goal so tantalizingly close, and time short. Seriously, it was one hour and a half…why wouldn’t there be more buses?
Livia put a conciliatory hand on her friend’s arm, “Let’s go on. There isn’t anything else to see, and, as you said, the symbolism is quite clear.”
That was the moment their waitress chose to bring their food. There were no scenes—there couldn’t be—but the tenseness of her shoulders said everything Sherlock needed to know. “Oh please. Instead of being grumpy on her account, why don’t you offer to deepen your friendship with her?” he said, pointing at Gemma.
His next move attracted John’s (and the bar owner’s, and judging from the looks, a few other patrons’ as well) strongest objections, instead. Topping up his coffee with the energy drink, the journalist stirred vigorously before he drank again. The man ignored his and Gemma’s exclamations. Was she carrying handcuffs at the moment? They might be needed to tame his adorable, clever, complete nutjob of a companion.
“Next step?” John hurried to ask, before the pair could start bickering. You’d think that a genius would realise that they didn’t need to make any more enemies here.
The agent seemed too taken aback by such behaviour to even consider ordering the man to sit down and let her finish. They both followed him, Gemma with a little shrug and a frown, John fighting the urge to facepalm.
Sure, the only really safe place for his desires is his own mind. But publishing means he can delete that particular idea and still find it, anytime he gets a craving. And with how many of his thoughts keep circling around John, being able to do away with at least some of them is its own kind of relief. Sometimes he suspects John will keep growing and growing inside him until he kicks out all extraneous knowledge, or close to it. So he's grateful to every sharp-eyed, if intrusive, fan writing about them. The thicker the screen, the less chance there's that anyone will notice his contributions.
Once again, John followed, but this time Sherlock didn't have any advantage but that of his crane-like legs. He wouldn't be left behind again. "No what? You can definitely refuse my offer, though really it isn't that much of a commitment. But I've said a lot of things after that, and none of them were false. I'd really like to be able to prove them to you."
She shrugged minutely. “Anyone who makes Gemma feel like she’s walking through a dream gets special treatment. If you have a craving for fried food, let me suggest the olive ascolane. Minced meat filled olives, covered in breadcrumbs and fried. She wouldn't forgive me if I let you have anything subpar.”
“We’ll be as quick as we can…and it’ll go much faster if you don't try to hide anything. We’re not trying to harass you,” she said.
"Don't," Holmes replied, "I'm almost finished anyway—and I can mail you any further questions if necessary, I hope, Mr. Welland? I assume that you'd rather spend your precious time outside of the ward with an old friend and colleague just back from the field in Iraq, or possibly Afghanistan, than talking about work. Far be it from me to deny or even delay a chance at a support network to one of our veterans."
“You keep putting yourself down. Could you stop for five minutes, maybe? At least while you drink your coffee?”
It was almost hypnotic how one single drop of quicksilver would activate the solution, making it look like a living creature. If you could observe living creatures’ heartbeat with the naked eye, that was. Sulphuric acid—one of the main players involved—was commonly associated with death, danger and destruction, and indeed deserved its fame. And yet, as long as the correct element was close enough, the least amount of reagent would create something so beautiful. Even with the mixture managing to reach the pin no more than momentarily at every expansion of the fake heart, the result was always its oxidation. In lay terms, the poor thing would end up rusting completely. And when it was completely ruined, the reaction would conclude, and the fake heart stop. It was a constant of chemistry; even the most fascinating reactions ended eventually. Others took their place, true, like the cycles of decay began when the reactions keeping us alive ceased. The only question was, how long would each go on?.
“You think you understand these better than I do?” Rachele snapped, turning to face him fully. Her friends frowned, the guests suddenly unwelcome. John bit his lips. Maybe this whole trip had been a bad idea. He should have been quieter. He should have…
If he had, it wasn’t something that required immediate intervention, as they moved to the loo. Sherlock on cat feet, while John tried to tiptoe around, just like when he’d come home much later than his parents’ curfew. Once again, the detective started rummaging around, scouring through the laundry basket, peering in the shower—for oddly placed and hence ignored bloodstains, John assumed—and opening drawers. He also checked what looked like the level of their host’s nick stick… Did he think that the murderer might have left some of their own blood in the victims flat, maybe by grabbing the knife without looking? Analysing it all would take ages.
Mycroft paled, but Sherlock grinned at him, offering his hand. “Sherlock Holmes.” As expected, that made the other man frown. “And no,
Before the detective could upset her more, John started speaking, hoping someone would take up the duty of translating. “Of course no one would do that, normally. But we don’t know what happened yet. Extraordinary circumstances might exacerbate what would otherwise no more than talking behind one’s back. We need to know who had at least a shadow in their heart that could explode.”
“He has a point, you know,” John said, closing his hand in an attempt to stop himself from reaching for Sherlock’s. The man had just spoken about wanting space, for God’s sake. At her glare, he added, “Even if your aesthetic judgment is right.”
Valentino let himself drop into a chair. “Oh, take a seat if you’re going to keep torturing me. If you dry up my inspiration though, I expect you to come bear witness in front of my professor. Gosh, I need a coffee.”
Thankfully, his guesswork ended there, because Matteo switched to English. “Anyway, I was talking with John, and since art came up, I thought I’d ask the most reputable source we have here.”
The doctor was almost surprised to see Sherlock obey, though not without throwing her a sharp look. Hopefully, that would bring some delightful deductions at her expense later. It was obvious that she was nervous about her uncle, and the prospect of having employees tattle on her friends. Still, no matter how much she tried to play the role, she wasn’t (yet, at least) a teacher, and
Sherlock was glad for his drink, as the scathing answer he almost offered would have stopped any stream of consciousness, and he still didn’t have enough clues.
“So the Archdeacon Vindemius tried to poison the saint bishop Sabinus to take his position, but the bishop crossed the cup, and drank, and didn’t have any ill effect…and at the same time, Vindemius, who wasn’t even present, was struck dead, as if poisoned,” Livia explained.
Sherlock obeyed. He seemed almost dazed after his previous sharpness. John punched in his number and memorized it, before handing it back.
And why was Gemma flinching? She could just as well have screamed “Guilty as charged.” She’d just praised him, but wanted him out of commission now? Did no one in the world, beside him, have an inkling of logic?
A.N. I know, I know, 'soon' this time... but I'm trying to go back to some sort of regular track. Even if it'll probably take me another week or two. I'm a mess, I know.
doesn’t even require an answer. Or do I need to deduce you again?” Sherlock replied. “Next one, if you please. Or you can follow the case on your own and go back inside, if you prefer. If you have a spare pair of handcuffs, though, it’d be appreciated. Just in case we discover and have to arrest the true murderer before you even finish your interview.”
“Her character won’t put her in jail, though God knows it should. If we are to nail or exonerate her, we need hard evidence. I would have loved to go through her laundry with a black light, even if it is probably too late already. Still, she might have missed something,” he snapped.
Her sarcasm didn’t seem to faze Sherlock, who took the only chair in the room—without asking, not that John would have complained. After all, he had experience—from both sides—of how unpleasant it was, for the person spoken to, when someone literally talked down to you.
Sherlock won't survive if he's discovered. No, there's not any criminal stalking him. That, he knows how to handle. Besides, John wouldn't let anyone murder him. His blogger has proved it time and again, right from the start. And it's part of the problem.
“You’ve forgotten a couple of things, though. One, it’s you I was looking forward to spending time with, in the first place, not professor what’s-his-name or even the secret wealth of art hidden to the world,” John said. His companion’s blush alighted the room more than the sun streaming from the windows. “Two, are you kidding? Even if I hadn’t, there was way too much lecturing to admiring ratio. You were the best thing that happened today!”
“Lead on,” Sherlock huffed. John breathed easier when Sherlock's disappointed look was the only sign that, in his opinion, she had not done her homework.
She refused to check it for the five second she allotted him, but since he was still there, she finally glanced at it. A sneer stretched her lips. “The last thing I expected was for our main suspect’s accomplice to come forward like this.”
Gemma patted his shoulder, saying, “Don’t worry. That’s why we have consultants this time. You don’t need to fret, okay? You mess up when you’re stressed, and we don’t need any of that now.”
When they met at the police station, Gemma gave them a strained smile. “Let’s go.” She waved them outside. “It turned out that I have sorely disappointed my chief. And wouldn’t you know it, not because I failed to guard you 24/7, but because I’ve been too helpful. How was I supposed to know that I had to sabotage what
“I would have been more than happy to leave you alone for the whole duration of our stay and then some. Pity that John Watson doesn’t agree. What. Are. You. Trying. To. Do.” Sherlock glared at him.
She blushed brightly. “How dare you!” she shouted. Her voice lowered to a furious hiss. “If you’re that eager to go to jail, you could have just asked.”
Blissfully, Mitch didn’t ask why he tried that. Otherwise, a lecture about being aware of one’s surroundings would be following.
“No. I’m not clever enough to come up with such a plan, even if I might be reckless enough to put it into execution. Then again, who wouldn’t be, to be allowed to witness your brilliance?” John replied.
“Honestly? This is all insane. I’m not sure there’s been anything right since I walked out of the door this morning. And yeah, they’ve proven that they’re petty enough to ask you to investigate and hinder you at the same time. But if we get accused of fucking up their scene, I’m not sure that’s much better.” John shrugged.
Luca opened his arms in surrender, defeat in every line of his body, and said, “I’m already being as quick as I can.”
Sherlock's whole body went rigid, and he scowled murderously at the other man before turning dismissively and striding away.
“My brother knows that we don’t see eye to eye on almost any subject, and in fact that ruining his day is my main goal most times, not that he doesn’t deserve it. This was mere curiosity, not critique, though. It makes one wonder how you do interpret art’s message, when you can’t hear what’s plainly stated. Or is it that you’re so used to assuming meanings that you do it with anything?” Sherlock retorted.
He was more than willing to keep interrogating her, though. Surely a sharp reprimand would have stopped her antics, and they could actually get some more data. Before he could open his mouth Gemma interjected, “Sorry for your loss. My colleague is still new at this,” and herded them all out.
It was all nonsense, as far as he was concerned, but he didn't care. He just wanted to leave this madness behind.
Cecchini was more than ready to resume his lesson, when someone else interrupted him. Sherlock, this time. “You do have a lot of art on loan,” he remarked airily.
When Sherlock came back and interrupted Gemma's questioning with a sharp, “You have his alibi, don’t you? Then we can visit the next witness,” John knew.
He sighed in relief when Gemma nodded, mumbling, “As long as you don’t keep causing public scandal.”
“I’ve passed with flying colours, and all thanks to you! Come in! We have cocktails!” their host said, gesturing at them to come in.
“You won’t believe me. I can scarcely accept it myself,” the journalist said, turning to stride across the room.
The university wasn’t housed in a monumental building stamped with Duke Federico in every other room, true. But it was old enough not to be stifling, which was all that mattered. While earlier he’d bemoaned the lack of anonymity given by a small town, now he appreciated having everything he could wish for at hand. Maybe that was the reason Urbino was called the ideal city? Mycroft would shudder hearing this, and launch into a tirade about architectural plans, philosophy, and other such arguments, but would have to agree with him if he were to be honest.
The detective even went to his knees and half-crawled under the bed. John mentally kicked himself. Standing around ogling wasn’t helpful, but it was impossible to stop himself from noticing how lovely the other’s arse was with the man in that position. He tried to observe the room himself instead. Just because he couldn’t touch, it didn’t mean that he couldn’t look. He had tried to do that earlier, too, but his eyes kept straying towards his companion again and again. Sherlock was magnetic.
Easier said than done. The flatmate had been put up by a friend, and it was the latter who opened the door when they called. Even upon seeing Gemma in full uniform, she remained on the threshold, arms crossed, glaring at them. She actually reminded John of an ancient goddess. A tunic-like white dress? Check. Blond, long hair? Check again. Luckily hers was caught in a pony tail, because an actual ancient-looking hairdo would have been more than a little spooky. Glacier-hued eyes, even though they seemed fiery with rage? Triple check. She was actually taller than Sherlock, which she certainly used to her full advantage in an attempt to look imposing. “So?” she barked.
“That was utterly brilliant,” John said, looking at him with near awe. “I figured they were friends, of course. But how did you work that out? Was it the complete lack of regard for each other’s personal space while they chatted?”
“It’s silly retracting a retraction, but Mr. Holmes, you do need some serious training in how to deal with the public…and God knows, a sister or two would have done you good, too.
His whispered, “Thank you, brilliantly played,” made John’s blush last even longer. John felt a thrill go down his spine, when they tiptoed down to another French window, entering a bedroom. No wonder everything was wide open, given the climate and lack of air conditioning. He felt almost as if he was once again about to patrol hostile territory. Not that the notebook spread open on the desk, with the sketch of the view from the fortress and an ornamental S in the corner, or the rest of the knickknacks in the room, presented any danger. Sherlock snapped on a pair of latex gloves, and looked expectantly at him. John hunched and put his hands in his pockets, offering an apologetic smile. He might not have come prepared to search without leaving traces, but in his defence, he had thought the police would take care of that part of the investigation.
He turned around, hissing, “She’s not objecting, and I don’t remember anyone putting you in charge, Captain.”
His friend’s eyes narrowed. “Insulted her? I just stated universal truths. The truth is never insulting.”
The answer came to him when he was one step away from rushing inside the Duke’s palace, which hosted the National Gallery. After all, if his brother had the free time to text, he had the time to hear what Sherlock thought of his plotting. It wouldn’t take long at all. Yet another text alarm sounded. Half convinced that somehow his brother knew where he was and wanted to gloat, he checked, frowning already.
He ends up playing the violin that day, instead. Brahms' Hungarian Dance n. 5 first, which for some mysterious reason always makes John grin like a loon. Cheering him up is his duty as flatmate and friend, after all. Then whatever comes to mind. After a while, John seems to have forgotten his worries, and trots to the kitchen. Tea first, and then asking Sherlock if he has preferences for tonight's dinner. Of course he has no opinion, curiosity still too sharp for him bother with food.
Sherlock had finished his exam of the place while he daydreamed, and took his wrist to guide him back. “Even Gemma can’t talk for that long! She’ll be looking for us soon,” he whispered.
The journalist wanted to be angry. But his lips still quirked into a lopsided grin at the pun. “You’ll have to do better than this.”
The fortress dominated the surrounding area, and they could observe the road twisting among the hills, with shadowy mountains as a far backdrop. Light green and golden fields spread for miles, with darker green spots at the opposite far ends. A cluster of cypresses stood behind a church on the left, while a bigger woody area covered the right side. After the alleys of the town, the majestic expanse felt almost heady. …And of course, John’s brain processed it all by saying, “Fuck.”
John's frown, though, is odd. It's not his bored frown, not the looking for the right word one (the detective sometimes idly wonders if he's stolen that look since first noticing it). Definitely not the incredulous one that leads to "People did what? Expert's opinion, Lock, what drugs must they have been on?" Nine out of ten, the answer is just their own stupidity. And it's not even the angry one, that makes the detective sure that if he had the person responsible in the room, John would be smiling instead – before putting a bullet in them. It's definitely not the sad, sometimes defeated look Harry's messages are likely to evoke. No, John seems worried. And Sherlock needs to know.
For some reason, the agent looked at Sherlock, instead of replying. Her duty of surveillance should have determined her decision, shouldn’t it?
Sherlock is about ready to give in, hole up in his bedroom and write again, before his brain implodes, when he's distracted from his pursuits by John. As usual. His blogger is at the laptop, again, and usually Sherlock doesn't even bother to observe him, because John's pecking at the keys is enough to send a man spare. But he needs to gauge the situation. Writing poetry for yet another perspective girlfriend? Blog post? Mindlessly scrolling Youtube for silly animals? Each option will keep John occupied for a different time – time where Sherlock will (hopefully) be safe from his flatmate wanting to involve him in something or another.
But John Watson? His grin, his praises, his stubborn refusal to despise him? A man, even a man stronger than Sherlock was, could all too easily get addicted to that. And he didn’t at all fancy having to eventually quit cold turkey. His only alternative was to not become attached in the first place.
The chemist refuses to give it to her, but then she takes a paper out of her bag. “Oh sorry Ma’am, you should have said that you had a prescription!”
, am I dreaming?” She pinched her wrist, and grinned. “Oh, I so have to buy something for the commissioner.” She took a few deep breaths, and for a moment John worried that she was going to hyperventilate right then and there.
For a while, only the sound of cutlery was heard—the greatest praise any cook can hope for. The conscripted detective wished he could concentrate on revising the data he acquired, but too many things remained to be ascertained.
“How many people have you met that don’t mind your deductions? Running away—well, this is one of the rare times you’re idiotic, Locket. I’m not saying kiss him, or live with him, or anything that absurd. But name-induced panic is below you,” his sibling huffed.
Down the stairs, Mycroft finally rushed the few steps to catch up to his brother…and grasped his elbow. “Someone better be dead in the family…or someone will be very soon,” he hissed.
“To be honest? Not especially. But I refuse to overthink things in order to be able to avoid you, either. If you want to talk, talk. If you want to see me, I don’t even mind that. And if you know a way not to go mental with boredom, please share.”
“You were wrong, you know” Sherlock told him, glancing at the victim’s door. It had been shut in the meantime, and bore the tape warning to keep out.
Damn. Having a quick brain also meant his thoughts meandering more than he’d like. The case! He was supposed to be analysing the case! Despite obtaining less than he’d hoped for, some details were obvious already. He squashed down a wave of shame for forming his own expectations out of fictional mysteries. With his name, he really should have known that they were a bunch of nonsense. He would not let himself be distracted again.
All he could say was that it looked messy. Then again, what college boy’s room didn’t, especially during exam time? Sure, there were stains in a rainbow of colours, on almost everything: old clothes (including the ones he’d been wearing at the museum), the floor and the desk, too. None jumped out at him as blood, though, and God knew that he’d seen blood, old and new, sprayed on an array of things during his service. Of course, he couldn’t be completely sure without a test, as Sergio’s art used plenty of red tones. As it stood, he was ready to shrug and move on...unless Sherlock saw something much more damning, while John was busy gaping.
“Well, we do know something more,” John remarked as soon as the door closed behind them, his voice aiming for cheerful—if his strained smile was any clue—and hitting nervous instead.
They were quiet, hurrying through a maze of cross streets. John was grateful for her presence, because he’d be lost within three minutes. Finally, she was ringing another bell. “Valentino Sabelli?”
Cecchini waved them off. “Take your brother away, Mr. Holmes. And I expect you to resolve any family matters like reasonable people, from now on.”
That should have been John's cue to cut it out, but he couldn't resist. The universe—and this man going along with the joke—had set up things too perfectly for him to pass up the chance. He said, "My last name is Watson, you know. John Watson, just back from Afghanistan, exactly like you deduced." And then he added that last quip, which had the other man running off without so much as swearing at him. Fuck. John was swearing at himself, just to pick up the slack. He stared forlornly at the door.
Gemma sent a grateful look his way, before translating the question…once again, with a lengthy, unnecessary reassuring preface.
“Stalking? I wouldn’t say that. Annoying? Yeah. Some people are actual artists. The craft requires all my dedication, and
"Oh, hello, John!" his friend had greeted him, smiling. "Sorry about the mishap, this is Mr. Holmes, he's been interviewing me about the results of our latest research into helping the mental health of young epileptic patients for—" He paused, frowning.
“No, we don’t know,” Sherlock replied. Why would she think that they needed even the illusion of not being involved in a murder investigation at the moment? He never dealt in make believe. He’d be writing fiction instead of scientific articles, if he were so inclined.
Still, that will have to be a last resort. Maybe... Maybe if he just stops writing for a while, John's suspicions will wane. That should be easy, surely. After all, the stories are only a recent development.
Thank God that the army had reinforced his already decent sense of direction, otherwise he would be hopelessly lost. All the alleys—and somehow, every street was an alley in this place—looked similar, as soon as you left the only two squares that apparently existed here. And if you left the straight ones (small mercies) for the cross streets, it could be a maze. At least, he discovered a cinema, and a number of restaurants and food places of all kinds, from proper restaurants to not-really-pizzerias specialising in a local flatbread. Called crescia, it proved to be surprisingly delicious, especially when you could make up your own filling and have it toasted on the spot. At least he wouldn’t starve or get bored with his food any day soon.
Despite supposedly being at work—he figured that negotiating the loan of a Raffaello, even an early work, required the amount of parley normally dedicated to avoiding conflict between small nations—his brother found the time to text him. While being a smug smart aleck, too.
John’s next sentence threw his world for a spin...again. “I mean, I don’t think you fancy visiting the local jail, do you?” A self-deprecating chuckle echoed through the line.
A.N. Sorry, sorry, I know I'm so late...I got distracted by other writing over the weekend. My bad. Please don't hate me. I don't forget my head only because it's attached to my neck, I swear.
When his mind is aware again of more than John-John-John, he finds himself laying on the bed, entwined with him. Before they can get to anything more (what? So many ideas, so little time) he blurts out, "You said muse. Am I...supposed to write this?"
Sherlock laughedat him. “You’d never dare. At worst, you’d sketch me headless. Not exactly the same thing. Besides, you are the one who needs to apologise, not me.”
Sherlock had never heard someone talk to him in a voice you could describe as fond. It had to be fake. “Where’s the catch?” There always was one.
Before he could pounce on his maddening sibling, Mycroft himself stumbled into him, turning a corner. “Would it kill you to not embarrass me for once?” he hissed, pushing him backwards.
“Us?” the pathologist narrowed his eyes at them both. “Teo already came round to ask...and I have never met your companions. Why aren’t they in uniform, anyway?”
“You don’t pull your punches, do you? Fine. I’ll text my new friend, and let you know when Sherlock Holmes and Wilbur Bell will have their private tour. In the meantime, is there anything you’d like? Can I suggest a stroll? An ice cream? Anything?”
Sherlock—in her own language—pointed out that he’d been sent in by the man in front, whose name he neither knew nor cared about. “I’m here to discuss the John Watson case,” he said.
The agent looked conflicted, her eyes turning from John to the corridor her other charge disappeared down.
“Okay, but you could have taken my word for it. Yes, I’ve seen Livia around lately, ‘by chance’ last week,” Valentino admitted, drawing air quotes with his fingers. “Once at the wine bar, once at the pharmacy—needed something for my headache. But literally nothing happened. We greeted each other, she asked about my plans for the day, which are always the same—prepare for the exam—and I was so tired of her that I didn’t even reciprocate the question.”
John decided to look the place up. He’d just…check the local sights, maybe the local food specialties. Who wasn’t partial to Italian food anyway? Hopefully he’d find an easy recipe and find the will to cook again. No, he wasn’t planning to drop everything and run after his new connection, no matter how brilliant the man was. Of course not.
Sherlock sighed softly. He’d have loved to consider it a purposeful obstruction of the investigation, but that was unlikely.
“No, I suppose not. It’s just....I didn’t know that. You look—” the agent’s voice trailed off, and she shuffled, looking unsure of the direction she would take herself.
“He is. Swear to God. So, why not just forbid us to leave our rooms instead of following us, if you have figured out that we don’t deserve jail anyway? Not that I am complaining, mind you. Just wondering,” John replied, still unmoving.
“I look forward to that,” the other retorted, eyes crinkling with laugh lines. “Speaking of looking, thank you for being in that hall. I was worried I had a case of paranoia, you know, feeling observed in a strange city. I was berating myself at the same time I checked, but there you were.”
All the tension left Mycroft’s spine, and he cracked an amused smile. “Trying? Wrong word, baby brother. I’m not
“Yes, well, I didn’t expect that you’d be the one to protest this custom. That’s what happens when, as a nation, you have an extravagant percentage of the world’s art. Of course, some of these pieces are at the restorers’, instead. Is your brother aware of your dislike of this practice?”
“Yes, right, so...well, obviously she’s been stabbed. Many times over. There are plenty of defence wounds and other shallow cuts, but the ones which killed her are the cut to her throat—our victim actually had her throat slashed, I swear, it's the first time I've seen that—and a stab in her chest. It didn’t hit her heart, only the right lung, but still, one lung collapsing is not what you want to deal with while bleeding out. The weapon is one of her own kitchen’s knives, from what your colleagues said, and it didn’t have any fingerprints on it. As if things could ever be so easy.” Luca's report ended in a deep sigh.
“Brilliant.” It was Sherlock, though the students nodded, looking at him with something almost like awe now. This outing had been an amazing idea.
Sherlock didn't admit – was too ashamed to – that despite two-years hunting, he hadn't managed to entirely wipe out Moriarty's web. In fact, he'd missed what whispers around the world claimed was the man's second in command. If it even was a man, some remarked in hushed voices, their attitude hinting that they didn't simply mean a woman. As if the consulting criminal would actually consort with demons, monsters, or whatever else the gossip of the day leaned towards.
The girl John had already seen at the park was with her, and she sidled up uncomfortably close to Sherlock, murmuring… “Mmm…your name might be fake, but your taste is true. Pearl-grey is so your colour.”
“I’m assuming you asked him the basics—alibi, how many times he fantasised about murdering Livia, those kind of things,” the consulting detective replied, shrugging.
At this point, if aliens had landed and entered the place determined to raze it to the ground, Sherlock would have just deduced them, too. “The three girls at the corner table—the one who just got her degree, wearing the laurel, wants to become a teacher. In fact, she’s generally the responsible one, and is the one who drank least despite today being her day. The one in the green dress is her elder sister, the resemblance is obvious, and has a job in retail as you can see from her hands—in fact, I’m wondering if her choice of attire was an unconscious sign of envy. The third is the new graduate’s best friend, and thinks it’s her duty to make sure that her friend has fun, whether she likes it or not. Oh, she’s been light of hand, in fact I’ll be very surprised if some of the make-up she wears wasn’t pilfered, it’s a bit high-end for someone who wears that dress on a festive occasion, but she slipped something from a flask she hides in her purse in her friends’ drink. Vodka, I reckon.”
Frankly, he didn’t expect that it would take them over three hours to visit just the public parts of the place, but when others were trailing towards the exit, dragging their feet, Livia opened another door (one with engravings in perspective, and John, who’d never been good even at drawing, was especially awed) and grinned, announcing, “This. This is just for us. And we have a very special chaperon.” She guided them to an imposing door and rapped on it. After a moment, it was opened by the director himself, looking more imperious than ever.
“Oh, I’d say that’s more a motto for chaotic than evil alignment, and I’m afraid we’re all a bit chaotic, here. The best you can hope for is chaotic good, and I promise you that I actually want to catch the actual murderer. That’s good, isn’t it?” Gemma quipped, playing with one of her cropped auburn curls.
Sadly, his bet didn’t require proving that they were uninvolved, but catching the actual person responsible. That called for more research. Not in here, though. The house had spoken.
All the time, in every universe, if you listened to mum. She’d never figured out that just because she sported a name out of Conan Doyle before marrying dad, it didn’t mean that the real world was a Victorian story. If time travel was a reality, he’d go back and pay the man to have her eponymous character described as miserable instead of queenly. That should hopefully be enough to stop her obsession.
There was a sound almost like choking behind him, and he looked back to see if there was trouble, only to find the lawyer gasping. The poor man looked ready to have a conniption, and possibly fall to his death as a result. Was John's wish going to be fulfilled?
Sherlock recoiled from her flailing form, looking at the madwoman in front of them with something like horror. John squeezed his arm in reassurance. They could take her down, if she became crazier. He wished that she had stayed in denial a bit longer, or gone crazy as soon as she met them. At least she would have got over her fit by now. If this was a technique to persuade them to admit that their names were in fact a forgery, though, it was brilliant.
“I’ll come along, naturally. A few hundred miles should ensure that I’m safe from pursuit,” Sherlock said.
“Ignore him, agent,” interjected Mycroft, “that’s the only way we have survived with most of our sanity intact.”
“Yeah, and? You’re not a consulting detective at least. I’m a proper army doctor John Watson, but it doesn’t mean that I loathe myself, or automatically expect others to. Jokes? Hell yeah, I’ll joke about it too. Anger, or spite? Why would anyone do that? Were you traumatised by Agatha Christie fans?”
“Ridiculous. Vindemius thought he was so clever, just being the instigator and having someone else actually kill the bishop…but a good alibi won’t do you any good if your hired killer can be paid to turn on you. People honestly thought this was a miracle? Did no one have a single active synapse?” the journalist snapped. John held in a snicker, mentally agreeing with him.
“Hey, don’t bite. It was an honest suggestion. If she doesn’t mind you sweating like a race horse by the time we’re at the Academy, it’s her business. Maybe she’s hoping that you’ll be more subdued if you can’t breathe?” Dammit. John had no business smiling at him so brightly, or looking so soft—adorable, really—when he was teasing. It made holding into his rightful annoyance impossible.
He hung up without replying to the faint, “It won't help,” coming from the line. John’s lack of faith in him didn’t matter. He couldn’t certainly do worse than the man himself.
The commissioner’s eyes rose from the document she was examining. “Chi l’ha lasciata entrare?” she barked.
“Oooh, you’re quoting the man himself, this is serious. No, I honestly have no idea what you’re talking about. What couldn’t wait an hour or two?” the older man replied. Of course, his voice was perfectly modulated to allow them privacy. Damn.
This time, Mitch smiled affectionately. “Come on, don’t make me ask again. You know, for a journalist, you’re oddly reluctant to put things into words. One last reason at least to persuade me that you should be as far from your Watson as possible.”
“We agreed that you shouldn’t be unsupervised. More brawls would only lead to you eventually having a criminal record, and I’d like to avoid that. I do care for you, you know,” Mycroft said.
“You’ll have to use a fake name. Now, before you think I’m being an asshole, I’ll have to do the same. And while I could get away with keeping John, I think, I won’t, because you’re not going to be able to be Sherlock. Apparently, the director of the…Galley Nationale, and I don’t think I’m saying that right, wouldn’t take kindly to what would sound like a made up identity. I promise that I will go along with whatever you pick. Go wild!”
“Best friends! I was terrified, but then he helped me practice English conversation, and my panic went away, because after all, an actual British man understood what I was saying. And top marks!” Viola looked confused for a minute, trying to thrust a full glass in the hands of the cop, but the other’s attitude was making it impossible.
Taking a decision was one thing. Going through with it, he discovered, was quite another. Sherlock stared at his phone, striding up and down his stifling room…until his distraction made him walk into the corner of the dresser. Surprisingly sharp, for old furniture. The journalist swore loudly, hopping for a few seconds, and reflexively clutching his phone to avoid dropping it. So hard, in fact, that it was odd he didn’t crack the screen.
Her disappointment, when she mumbled to Bea—who’d obviously heard much about this particular painting—was so deep as to be almost comical. Loaned things came back, didn’t they? How long did an exhibit go on for? A few months?
Oh. He hadn’t considered that. Stupid him. Sherlock flushed brightly; he should have known better. That was what he got for concentrating on inorganic chemistry in his studies, and then writing about research that took months anyway. He thought that the pressing needs of catching a murderer would make people develop quicker methods of analysis. But when jail was on the line, accurate trumped speedy. As frustrating as that was, he couldn’t fault their mindset.
Most of the people walking around seemed to be college kids, and John was hit with nostalgia for that time of his life. Before the army. Before being shot. Before he felt lost and latched on the first human being that made him look forward to the next day in weeks. He hoped that none of them would ever have to feel so adrift.
Plenty of screaming, accusations, and general chaos later, he’d been brought to the station and allowed a last call. After that, they took his mobile phone, locked him in a cell and promptly forgot about him.
“Do we?” Sherlock growled, for once lingering on the landing. With some luck, he would persuade the others to go back.
“Not at all. I didn’t exactly get a tour, more like a boot to my arse, so I’d be delighted to bother him some more.” And bother Mycroft, especially. He could just imagine his brother’s face when he got ‘behind the scenes’—again. “We might have to change your name, though. As a pair, we
“About what?” Not that he was surprised, but…fine, John was surprised that the man could arrive at any sort of conclusion so soon.
In the end, they opted for penne with a mozzarella and tomato concasse, decorated with basil, for Sherlock, and cacio e pepe (pepper and sheep milk’s cheese) spaghetti for John.
Sherlock stilled, looked down at him like he was a particularly ugly parasite, and sneered, "You have an odd way to demonstrate that."
Okay, he might be in jail for complicity in a crime neither of them had committed, but that might actually be less embarrassing. There was no fault of his own in that, at least.
“Loud and clear. If you intend to involve me, that is,” his brother requested. Instead of a reply, he received a flying mobile phone, thrown without looking. It landed on the bed, one inch from his elbow. Sherlock hadn’t even turned around.
“That I understand, but why would you go now?” She kept just standing there. Why was everyone so slow?
She allowed them in. Well, Sherlock anyway. John would have loved to participate, but they were right, the less people who traipsed around in there the better. Even though it wasn’t exactly procedure, they let the door open a sliver, to allow him to watch.
Finally, they came to a square John recognised, and ever-eager, Sherlock continued to march—in the opposite direction to the victim’s flat. John stifled a laugh, sped ahead of him and brushed his arm. The journalist sucked in a breath, at the unexpected, wordless touch, but then allowed himself to be turned around. Thankfully, this time his martial arts reflexes didn’t kick in; that would have been a difficult thing to explain to Gemma.
Looking things up took only a moment, and the laboratory turned out to be right in front of the museum director’s office. Perfect!
“Besides, you know my uncle,” Livia huffed. “He’s set aside a time for us, and won’t take it kindly if he has to wait.” In English, as a warning to her new acquaintances as well. “So, anyway, John—well, Wilbur—you already met Sergio and Matteo, and the sensible ones who aren’t putting up a fuss are Rachele, Andrea and Bea.”
Flint eyes melted into a cloudy haze. It was more fascinating than all the masterpieces John had seen today. “I thought that you would come to your senses, once you saw people reacting to me properly,” Sherlock mumbled.
It wasn’t even surprising that John decided he needed time to reflect right then. He seemed to have in common with his brother the habit of being as frustrating as possible. Another pointed look made him speak.
If the universe was kicking him in the shins—literally—it was a sign to stop dawdling…or at least to stay still. Not that Sherlock believed in signs or supernatural nonsense of any kind, but he did believe in data to be interpreted. And this was definitely cold, hard fact.
“If you want the murderer to be caught, I need you to tell me three things about your flatmate. I’d add honestly, but I’ll realise if you’ll lie anyway.”
“And it didn’t occur to you that our being apart would be the simplest way to avoid brawls?” he hissed.
When he dared to peek out, they were indeed at least back to the docks. When? As much as he hated to, he called his brother. Hoping they weren't decades off. But nope, Mycroft was alive and answered – concern barely hidden – and soon his big brother was there himself, in the perennial limousine. "Leave him there, it's been handled. I called in both Torchwood and UNIT, to be safe."
“And this is why your boss asks random people to solve murders for her,” Sherlock snapped. If they couldn't differentiate between the ease of an established couple and one which was definitely not, how did anyone expect the police to determine guilt or innocence?
In fact, another one (Stefano, he thought, the boy with the glasses and auburn hair) yelled, “Look!” The road was winding, upwards and upwards, so without that warning John would have missed the sight that caught his breath. It was a palace, its front offered to the cliff side. Renaissance, if John had to guess. Two slim towers framed the façade, whose middle was decorated by a series of overlapping, arched balconies.
write while John is out. And, with the amount of ideas he's amassed, easily forget to check the time and stop before he's caught. No. He isn't going to risk that anymore.)
It was still a pity, though. It was a pity, but there was nothing to be done about it. Maybe tomorrow would bring something more interesting.
“I like things spicy,” the doctor said. His self-deprecating grin forestalled the sneer that Sherlock would have given anyone else.
“So if you were hanged or hallowed depended on your PR. Still, this is the most tolerable painting I’ve seen up till now,” Sherlock replied. At the others’ outrage, he added quickly, “But then again, I’m not an artist. I’m a scientific journalist.”
Sherlock couldn’t find it in himself to complain, although he did roll his eyes. “Sitting around and waiting isn’t my idea of fun.” True, and at the same time dull enough to be immediately discounted, if the man was in cahoots with Mycroft somehow.
It was what the journalist had always wanted, so why did that sentence wound him now? And why would people be glaring at John anyway? He wanted to ask. He wanted to cuss him out for coming to the obvious decision after following him so far. Instead, he just said, “I understand. Of course. That’s for the best.”
“So you’re his lawyer?” There was sarcasm in her voice. Obviously Sherlock, with his beige, short-sleeved shirt, white shorts and sandals, didn’t look the part. Which was completely idiotic. Why would lawyers go around in suits when it was 33°C out?
“I’d ask if you were drunk, if it wasn’t obvious that your vice of choice is much more expensive. But if you think that you can hold us until we pay to have your clearly absurd accusations dropped, you have another think coming.”
“I will need the pathologist’s report too. I assume just sending them an email won’t do, so let’s go there and you can explain to them why I need access to the information.”
They could see the town right under them, with its brown roofs and walls, the back of the cathedral’s dome, and the palace John had glimpsed at his arrival, even if sideways, one of the slender towers barely visible. But the place hadn’t been picked for the borough's view. Whoever had created this had a keen eye for strategy.
Sherlock frowned. Forget the blushing, he couldn’t find any signs of deceit in the other’s attitude. The man couldn’t be serious...but if he wasn’t, then everyone, himself included, was overestimating his own vaunted sagacity.
The pathologist finally smiled at them. “I’m so honoured to cooperate with the Interpol! You won’t have to regret my work.”
The collective gasp from her guests was expected. Her own reaction wasn’t. Bursting into tears? A wordless, strident keen that would have been more fitting for a bird of prey, though the bird wouldn’t be half as loud? Why would she behave that way? Sure, her acquaintance might have been a convenient money source, and if she wasn’t guilty, she might have grieved the loss. But this? Completely unreasonable.
Sherlock snorted. Again, it sounded loud in the church, and a middle-aged tourist, busy snapping photos, turned to glare at them. The journalist refused to even pretend to be apologetic. He hadn’t chosen this venue. “If you have the gall to say that…then I suppose you won’t mind me using your own given name from now on. Though people might wonder why you’ve been lying to them all this time.”
First, he set up an alarm on his phone. He was all too likely to lose track of time, and he’d long learned to set on a reminder. Otherwise, people tended to—depending if he worked at college or at home—chase him away or try to track him down after he missed whatever commitment he had made. In both cases, plenty of yelling was bound to ensue.
The visit was, to John’s disappointment (and—the doctor feared—Sherlock’s relief) not as private as they expected. They discovered it only when they met, in the square closest to the art Academy. Besides Livia, smiling and proud, auburn hair tied in a ponytail and round eyeglasses that were obviously a fashion statement, a gaggle of her friends had decided to tag along. “Hello, pleasure to meet you. What should I call you?” she asked.
Why couldn’t the man conform and hate his disregard for people’s privacy? It always worked before. But with the delighted look fixed on him, there was no way that he could deny such a simple request. “The man eating alone—professor of chemistry, he has the same kind of scars from being careless in his earlier career that I do on his hands. Unlike me, he beds his students who aim for a higher mark than their intellect would allow. Only the girls, though. Not that anyone is too happy about that.”
John looked for any sign that Misha was having him on. No one would be insane enough to burden a kid with the name Sherlock Holmes, would they? Then he remembered one evening in Afghanistan, when the conversation turned to names, and how some people seemed to set out to make their children's lives painful from their baptism. A bloke from the Italian contingent told him about a kid he came across…named after a one-hit-wonder duo of singers.
"I've heard his mum call him with these very ears! And slurring the name, too!" Antonio had protested vehemently, faced with John's incredulity.
There was no reason not to have fun in the meantime. He looked through his phone, trying to remember who everyone among his new contacts was. He might as well take some of them up on their offers. Not Viola, definitely. Now, who should he text? Chiara had looked on the brink of an exam-related panic attack, so no. Claudio? No, he tried to flirt and John wasn't yet ready to give up on Sherlock. Gloria? She was the last one to give him her number, and seemed to do it mostly because everyone else was doing the same. He’d rather not bother her. Matteo? John found himself laughing again to a joke the boy told him.
am a doctor, you’d think I’d know how not to make a mess. Some people just won’t listen,” John quipped.
“Have you been listening at all, Mycroft?” the younger man snapped. That was a low blow, and Sherlock knew it—he only used his brother’s birth name when he was furious.
“Thank you. That is all I wanted to know. Have a good day.” Sherlock smiled at her, rose and left. John and Gemma looked at each other before following hastily. Better get out, before anyone had time to react to his badly timed wishes.
"What do I always ask, Sherlock? Walk me through it. You can't just jump to conclusions. Especially when my heart is on the line."
Off to the nearest bar they went. Once again, Sherlock caved in—to the delicious scent, if the subtle way he inhaled was any clue—and had something to nibble on, like his companions. He made a point to pick something different from Gemma, though. He ordered a coffee and an energy drink, which John had no qualms with. Unless he tried to swap the drink for their next meal, that was. Sherlock drank half his cup in a gulp.
Matteo laughed, his voice a tad higher than before. If he was asked to subtitle him, according to his face, John would have said that he was brushing aside her excessive expectations… of himself and his professor’s efficiency.
“So what? Are we supposed to be joined at the hip now?” The journalist's look would have made lesser people cower.
“He’s not obvious, for one thing. People’s reactions are terribly predictable, but—he apologised. For hurting my feelings with a Sherlock quip. Not even exactly hurting, he wasn’t spiteful, and if I hadn’t heard those jokes for two decades straight, I wouldn’t have minded. He should have been demanding I apologise to him instead, not joking.” Sherlock sat down himself…on his brother’s desk, rather than the chair.
Once back home, he put that failure behind himself. There were bigger things to care about anyway. Current cases to solve. And, of course, John. He had to work himself back in the man's good graces, and then more than that. That hadn't even been intentional, but when a mix of luck, adrenaline and lessons learned meant that feelings he could barely believe John shared slipped out, well. A perhaps not actually existent figure from Moriarty's web lost all priority. At least until, a few years later, voices of the Colonel's reappearance started again.
When he admitted it, though, John just chuckled. “I’m sure that Gemma’s friend will be willing to answer any further questions I have.”
Fine, he anticipated both. But he was human. Being happy to be around someone who was easy on the eyes wasn’t a sin, was it?
It turned out that saints weren’t necessarily boring. Way too tiny for Sherlock’s taste (though inevitable as it originally was part of a predella, the segment at the bottom of an altarpiece) they found the scene of a poisoning.
“I’m not happy when I’m afraid you’ll pass out on me. I’m not happy when you try to give yourself tachycardia,” the doctor corrected.
The younger one shrugged. “It’s too hot. You can’t expect me to wander around.” He half expected his brother to scream, but Mycroft’s keen awareness of what was appropriate won over his penchant for theatrics. With a silent glare, his brother led him the few steps to the cathedral. Not the church that was right in front of them, if he needed a holy place. Unsurprisingly, aesthetics won.
“Well, let’s start with a bit of expiation then. My favourite place is the highest spot, so we have a good deal of climbing ahead.”
On the other hand, he didn’t want to appear desperate. Because he wasn’t. He could just go out and have his pick of girls, and guys, too. It wasn’t boasting; a warm smile and being a good listener went a long way. And of course, even if he’d been discharged, for some people he still retained most of the allure of a man in uniform. It was all in the bearing, really.
“She didn’t. There’s no reason to be defensive, we are just gathering information at the moment,” Gemma soothed.
He gave in. Even if he didn’t need to, it was obvious that the other didn’t have any to spare for conversation. In fact, when they arrived at a clearing on top, Matteo stopped for a few seconds, panting. John looked around, eyes zeroing in on a monument a bit ahead, but his new friend said, “Ignore Raffaello. There’s much better to come.”
“Who are you?” the man said, managing to give the impression of looking down on him, despite being a good four inches shorter. He wouldn’t be surprised if the guards thought the director was scary enough on his own not to need backup.
And now John looks... guilty? Why would he? John is good. He doesn't hurt people who don't deserve it, and never loses time regretting what he does to the ones that have it coming. He's definitely just clicked an X, though. Guilty about whatever website he was on? Something to investigate later, certainly.
“And I’m supposed to keep an eye on both of you,” Gemma replied, crossing her arms, “which you, Mister, are not making easy for me.”
The police station was just outside the city centre. Literally the first building on the right, when one rushed out of the main entrance into the square hosting the large parking where buses and every other car owned by an Urbino citizen—it seemed—stopped. Pollution had to be the reason that Sherlock’s breathing was suddenly more difficult. He wasn’t breathless from the trip…and he certainly wasn’t anxious. He was going to get in, explain things, and either drag John out, or at least ensure he had a lawyer before lunch.
True, he was an adult. He could simply leave. But Mycroft would certainly run after him. Despite Sherlock having a job and a life of his own, the rest of his family still seemed to consider him a ten year old. Fine, sneaking into his brother’s house to beg (no, no, demand) his help might not be the best demonstration of independence. But these were especially dire circumstances! How often did Sherlock Holmes meet John Watson?
What he wished was to never have had to come here, to begin with. But you can’t always get what you want. Instead, he said, “John Watson.”
Why would both his companions chide him for his behaviour, when the only deductions he'd offered were positive ones? People were never satisfied. They walked through a corridor, its white walls adorned with paintings at both extremes of the gaudy scale by, Sherlock assumed, its students. Gemma went to enquire about their suspects, and they remained in front of the president’s office, on the faux-leather seats available. Sherlock tried to behave, and concentrate on a small rip in the upholstery. He really did. But the president couldn’t seem to just answer her question and get at the damn point. Instead, the door, which remained ajar, revealed a great deal of hand-wringing and dramatic regret. Possibly the names would have been given then, but it looked as if the cop thought that manners required her to join in the jeremiad, if not with the same level of flourish. This couldn’t go on. For all they knew, her colleagues—under the old idiot’s direction—hadn’t asked anyone else to stick around, and every minute made more probable that the murderer had the common sense to leave town and, preferably, the nation.
He refused to let the small hitch embitter him, though. Not when he’d managed to snatch a window seat on his train and could admire the clear blue sea, as the railroad ran parallel to the beach. The sun glinted off the waves, and John imagined it was winking encouragingly.
Mitch glared weakly at him, but his curiosity won over the habit of raising a fuss. Pity. Sherlock hoped that it’d be enough to stop him from enquiring. “You said for one thing. And for another?” the older one asked.
The next kiss is all Sherlock ever hoped for, and more. He wants to keep it forever in his mind palace. But his usually keen brain feels ready to melt. There will be no counting pulse rates this time. Not when his own is dancing like that.
The former soldier feared for a moment that his attempt to help had caused more damage than his friend could ever do on his own, but Gemma just sped up to keep pace and cooed, “Ooh, clay for bricks, right?”
"Well, how can we agree on when to go for a coffee otherwise? Unless you want to go immediately. But even in that case, I have a feeling I'll want to see you again."
The clues had lead them to the most non-descript place the docks had seen. A small, half-rusted cabin, that looked like it might hold some fishing equipment or something similar. Or drugs. Many, many drugs. All in the air. It was a trap. Damn, why didn't he suspect the sudden influx of clues? Sure, they came from his own Irregulars, but. The man worked for (with?) Moriarty. Sherlock should have expected some bad blood from him, if only because he didn't leave the man any organization to inherit.
What now, then? Before he can manage to think himself out of it (his inner Mycroft is an asshole), Sherlock rushes upstairs, shaking John awake. It's not long since he retired, but John has the ability to instantly fall asleep when he wants to.
Careful what you wish for wasn’t a saying that Sherlock had put stock in before. He regretted none of his actions, and besides, wishes? They didn’t shape reality in any way, why would anyone feel guilty about them?
Once again, Sherlock found himself blushing at the adjective. Which was completely unfair. The man shouldn’t have such an effect on him without even being present! S
“I agreed to eat last time, and you have both done nothing but complain about me during this investigation,” Sherlock answered, crossing the street…as if that really would persuade them to be on their way and let him starve.
"I don't know what you were doing, but do it again," John declares one night, coming back from work to a sulky flatmate. (It isn't a sulk. Not really. He's just trying to keep his mind palace in some semblance of order. Again. Sure, he
…And once again his mind wandered to observing Sherlock work rather than their suspect’s surroundings. His commanding officer would have been livid, but with no immediate threat to his life, his eyes didn’t seem able to budge from the most delectable person they’d ever seen. While he prized himself in noticing every sniper he’d come across, he was the first to admit that he felt undertrained for police work.
Back to the National Gallery it was. Walking into the inner courtyard, he was shocked to find the ticket office at the opposite end of the wing from the main staircase marked as the entrance to the actual museum. No one and nothing was stopping him from just going up. Did they expect an honour system to work? It went against Italians' fame as dogged rule-breakers. Or perhaps, it was the reason the director, according to his brother, loudly complained about lack of funds. But if it was so, no one would be that idiotic…or was he?
“That’s it. Lunch break,” Gemma announced, in a tone that brooked no argument, as soon as they reached the street.
His blogger shakes his head. "Just overreacting. Someone who used to post a lot for a while has suddenly disappeared, but I'm sure they're just busy. Or on holiday. Or something. It doesn't mean they're sick or on their deathbed. Sorry. Professional bias, you know."
“She fancied someone. And someone fancied her. And I don’t know who I’d bet she would eventually end up with.” John was relieved to see her finish a sentence without breaking down. “Matteo and Valentino, if you’re asking. Can’t remember last names. Look up our classes; Valentino was in our courses, and Matteo—he’s Bea’s brother, and Bea is in class, too. You can find him through her.”
Matteo led him left, through a tiny, slightly meandering alley, flanked by houses painted in warm colours. “Here we are,” the younger man finally said, proudly.
John chuckled. “I should be offended that you think I’d commit such a wreck of a murder. My major would be appalled at me if I did; he taught me better than that.”
John wasn’t certainly an expert of Renaissance engineering, and would nod along to any other tile, but this time he couldn’t. “Believe me, this one very much fits the title.”
“Oh.” Luca dropped the test tube he'd picked up while talking to her, then rushed to cushion its fall. Laying it gently on a counter, he straightened up into a rigid stance. “I...didn’t know. Why doesn’t anybody tell me things?”
She might not have taught you tact, but she would have advised you on the best way to clean bloody clothes after someone punched you too hard. Sorry, but colour me surprised if that didn’t happen often. If Viola is the murderer, you better start thinking of other evidence than blood you can collect. We’re women; blood stains don’t survive against us,” Gemma said, playing with one of her locks again.
"I'm sure you'd come up with a perfectly sound reason." The fond smile accompanying the words makes Sherlock giggle, high on the affection..which he isn't going to lose by having his dreams exposed.
“Gemma. I mean, agent Berti if you want to be formal, but it seems odd to be formal when the situation is so fantastical. I mean, unusual. I mean…”
"You guess." John doesn't sound impressed, and with the opinion the consulting detective normally boasts of guesses, it's no wonder. The word just slipped out.
She blinked. That was not the reaction she had expected. “You’ll have to be supervised by an agent at all times. To make sure you don’t flee.”
Alone, in a fully stocked lab, Sherlock allowed himself to twirl between the cabinets. What was there to spend an afternoon with? He didn’t really have time for something that would increase his knowledge, not that he didn't keep abreast of most recent innovations in chemistry. Experimenting was still a brilliant way to have fun. Now, what to do...
"You can't hold against the world that not everyone is as amazing as you are." A grin split John's face when the other blushed.
“We’re sure. Now, we must be off. And I hope you’re analysing everything in the bathroom, too. The murderer will have needed to clean up, or he’d stand out. Even the worst cop wouldn’t miss someone walking around dripping as much blood as a slaughterhouse labourer still in his work clothes,” Sherlock remarked.
Oh well. He’d endured plenty of boredom in the army. Boredom was fine. They would realise that he had literally no reason to hurt such a casual acquaintance, and let him out. Apologies would be nice, but he wouldn’t insist on them.
His brother better be done with his parlay, for the morning at least, because Sherlock needed answers, and he needed them
According to Sherlock’s whispered translation Gemma exclaimed, “Luca! How many times do I have to tell you, less coffee and...okay I know it sounds bad, but less focus. There’s a door. Sometimes people will use it. Any movement in your field of vision is
For a moment nothing at all happened, then Sherlock declared, “So, you didn’t kill Livia, after all.”
Oh please. As if Sherlock wouldn't notice the hesitation. Commenting is definitely not how John noticed the current ghost. Add talk of stalking... Lover? Has John added online sexting to his string of girlfriends? Sherlock will have to find her. As a public service. Anyone who willingly ghosts a horny Watson should surely be sectioned. Still, he shrugs. She's not important – and he'll show John. If his friend decides to take it as acquiescence to his request, it won't be Sherlock's responsibility.
Of course, next in line was to load their prisoner back into the mysterious cabin. Then, both he and John stared at the console, trying to figure out how the fuck this thing was supposed to work. Asking the Colonel would have surely made them drive it to the edge of an active volcano or something like that. It seemed that whatever neural connection was being used for the translation, it worked the controls too. Sherlock could have sworn he was asked his destination, even if possibly not aloud. He wouldn't admit it, but his "back" might have been a little pleading.
Sherlock chuckled. Again. God, his laugh was adorable. “Well, yours might be!” the journalist said. He shrugged. “But honestly, I just modelled myself after canon. If mum wants a Sherlock Holmes, she can have him...And even she understood that it’s a nightmare to actually have him around. I don’t know why you are the only one blind to that. Are you sure you're okay?”
Most people in their group—except Bea and Andrea, who walked hand in hand, leaning slightly forward, as if hungry for what awaited them—snickered loudly.
“Don’t bother, John, we tried that, and only managed to give him an inordinate fondness for orange blossom honey,” Mycroft said.
The small streets sloped at a sharp inclination, flanked by ancient-looking houses. As much as John recognised a good defensive move when he saw one, he wondered why Sherlock would choose such a place instead of a more accessible one, especially if he didn’t expect John to follow. A sudden holiday might have brought someone else to a more mainstream place. Florence, maybe. Or Rome. But Sherlock preferred a tiny town where you practiced climbing every time you left your room. John wanted to know why. He wanted to solve all the mysteries trapped in his silver eyes. It was fair, after all—Sherlock knew everything about him on sight.
Gemma tilted her head to the left. “The commissioner...didn’t exactly explain. May I see your documents, again?”
Sherlock threw him a faintly alarmed look. “You do remember that we are supposed to be investigating a murder, don’t you?”
A quick survey of the supplies gave him an idea. First, he needed iron, but not in powder form. A few old drawing pins, still weakly stuck to the wall, would do perfectly. They'd held up a periodic table up to five years ago, it was obvious from the difference in photodegradation of the brown paint between them in comparison with the rest of the wall. He was helping the students, really, making sure they didn’t eventually fall into someone’s beaker and cause an unexpected reaction, or injure someone.
“I was unaware that our guest was already an expert,” Rachele grumbled, glaring impartially at both of them.
Sherlock was startled by the word. Mitch never, ever willingly used his given name. This looked less like a prank and more like a trap. If his brother agreed that he should avoid one John Watson, why had he told the man their plans? And if he thought that his brother was a drama queen who needed to face reality, why had he brought Sherlock along? What if Mycroft wanted to meet John himself, and had used Sherlock to attract him here? This required further investigation. And since Mycroft would certainly not come clean if he just asked, the only way to gain the necessary evidence was…
John honestly thought that being accused was, on the whole, boring. It was a mistake, anyone with half a brain could have seen it. How many murderers went back to the crime scene...bringing chocolates for their victim? He’d decided on that by way of an apology, as Livia had gone beyond what anyone could ask. It wasn’t her fault that her uncle was a stuck-up prick. Matteo had let him know the flat she shared with a friend, only for John to find said friend in hysterics outside the building. She didn’t seem capable of forming any coherent sentence, even if John had been much better versed in Italian.
“I’m not surprised anymore that your chief would ask the help of random strangers, if this is the kind of agents she has,” the journalist huffed. “Now, could you kindly allow me into the crime scene?”
John chuckled. “I know you’re a genius, but are you really going to play the ‘genius and madness’ cliché with me? What’s the worst you could do?”
Mycroft nodded sharply, and he would have dragged his brother out, if Sherlock hadn’t been quick to retrace his steps, with a muttered, “Bye.”
A minute later the waitress, a short girl with a warm smile and a neon blue streak in her chestnut hair, came to their table, bringing menus and a bread basket.
Judging from Gemma’s shocked look, she didn’t agree with him. Oh well. She would, once she wisened up. Her age, so close to his own and possibly even a bit older, didn't matter. Good for her if she had never needed to develop the skills to most effectively manipulate people. And good for him that, unlike John, he didn’t need to rely on anyone’s translation; otherwise the value of his approach would undoubtedly have been watered down.
He could leave, of course. Get on the first bus, and then a plane, and leave the man behind. Mycroft didn’t actually need him for his business. In fact, even his brother didn’t strictly need to be present at all. But why would he disregard a chance to visit and see so many more artworks than the one he was planning to borrow?
“Livia didn’t badmouth me, did she? I told her that I’d pay her back!” Viola huffed. “Police, seriously! It’s not as if she can’t afford it! You know what she told me the first time we met? That she wouldn’t use a bag unless it sported the Borbonese brand! You know, the one that every freaking stylist uses for the catwalk. So she better not be making a fuss over a few hundreds.”
As satisfying as it proved to be, harassing Mycroft could only pass so much time, before he got in more trouble than his brother was worth. Which meant that he would have to go out…and possibly meet John again.
, the difference between what I’m aiming for and mere shock value, but that would only take up so much of my time that I’d end up seeing this crime scene of yours anyway. You need a much cleverer trick to fool me, you know. I wish you all a good day, and prompt success,” his brother snarked. John thought he sounded ridiculously pompous, but maybe his brain just found everything ridiculous today. Still better than finding everything maddening, which happened a lot when he was recuperating from being shot.
John had to restrain himself from ordering the man, “at ease.” He couldn’t erase the smile from his lips, though.
John opened his mouth, then closed it. Whatever objection he’d had, he’d quashed it. “Thanks,” he said instead. “So? What happens now?” he asked, once they were out of the restaurant. “I mean, how long do you need to follow us? If we’re to be under continuous surveillance, shouldn’t you get someone to relieve you? Or do you get paid for the overtime?”
If his dreams that night were a bizarre mix of sensual and tempestuous, a nameless, faceless body joining him in an outside escapade, while the rumble of thunder sounded like someone he recognised…nobody was going to know. Not even Sherlock Holmes could read dreams. It still beat the nights when he returned to the battleground. A good summer shower wouldn’t have been out of place. Maybe that was what he was missing. Yep, that.
Viola, a tall girl with a blinding smile and ringlets of black hair to the small of her back, won the ‘honour’ of sitting by him on the bus by virtue of being a Foreign Languages student and trying for an English exam in two days. And, John suspected, because she could glare people down in a way that she probably thought was subtle but that he had a hard time not snickering at.
To his relief, everyone pretended nothing happened. He'd always reacted to mockery by revealing his tormentors' dirty secrets, but his deductions had already proven dull weapons against John.
“Was she stalking you?” Gemma let slip, before biting her lips, probably because the sentence came out louder than she’d intended.
“I hope that you won’t mind if I take my leave now...crime scenes are not my idea of an entertaining afternoon,” Mycroft said.
“With your attitude, I don’t need any deduction to see that you are persisting in your baseless accusations. I will inform the lawyer that he’ll need to take both of our cases,” he said.
“And here I thought that ‘the end justifies the means’ was the motto of criminals and villains.” Despite his words, there was a lopsided smile on his lips.
“I thought I’d have a look with your authorization, for a change. Professional bias, I’m afraid. We freelance reporters are a nosy bunch.” Sherlock shrugged.
“So you can memorise renowned mystery literature, but it seems you consider proper procedure something that concerns literary creations more than actual investigations. I’m not sure if I should be flattered or frustrated.” Sherlock huffed.
ApparentlyObvious might not be the cleverest pen name, but then again, he counts more on John having enough self-preservation not to delve too deep, should he be tempted to do the same, than anything else. As for anyone else in his life...Mycroft is the only one likely to know all about it, and no amount of dissimulation in his alias would help. At the very least, his brother is wise enough not to even hint at it, much less tease him in public. He doesn't doubt that Mycroft would sneer at the whole pathetic indulgence. But who knows. Maybe it'll prove to him that Sherlock is not afraid of sex.
It didn’t take long for Mitch to find John Watson’s number. “I don’t know who you’re trying to conceal, but given the fact that you refused to change your name, the effort is quite poor. Anybody will guess that’s a fake,” he huffed.
The blond chuckled. “I should have guessed that. So, shall we?” He glanced at the phone he held loosely—as if his companion wouldn’t deduce that an app gave him directions— and pointed in front of him.
The detective’s eyes truly looked like steel at the moment. John feared he would have yet another murder to deal with soon, so instead he said, “What about a snack instead of a full lunch? Come on—for me. Can’t have the person keeping me out of jail fainting on us.”
"What have they done for the laptop to deserve this?" John asks, with an amused smile. Oh no. The last thing he needs is for his flatmate to become curious. Sure, he might not be on Mycroft's level, but John is surprisingly insightful sometimes. And as stubborn as any Holmes had ever been. If he gets on the scent of this...moving out will be a start.
Honestly, Sherlock was lucky he was so great looking—and also surprisingly sweet, if you squinted and looked askance. Otherwise, John would have never followed him all the way here. Case in point, the man was still trying to solve a murder, and help him in the process, even if with the gentleness of a steamroller. Without them, the police would have picked any other random bloke to pin Livia’s untimely death on, and a terrible judiciary error would have been committed.
The journalist smiled back reflexively. Damn mirror neurons. How was he going to earn this man’s hatred? And why did he want to, in the first place? All the reasoning of seconds ago had suddenly vanished. He shook his head, trying to get John Watson away from him, too. Nerves clogged his throat.
“About the stairs, or any other place really, being a more fitting location for a murder. I’m still unsure whether you accidentally involved me in some sort of game, because really, John? The person who was killed lived in Death’s Turn? Well, I assume it’s turn and not time or vault, not that either would make it much better.” The journalist pointed at the street sign claiming Volta della Morte.
Sherlock’s glare could have given a mouse a nervous breakdown, but she didn’t even notice it. John, frankly, had no reply. It was a thing to make a mistake, but another to set up traps! If nothing else worked, he’d make sure that Sherlock took advantage of his contacts in the media to start the biggest shitstorm that Europe had ever seen. Oh, the old bat would regret it.
Sherlock's translation alarmed the former soldier; something had to be done, before their pathologist lost his last marble and ruined their case. “Please, tell him that we’ve all been overworked and under pressure to perform. We’re here to help. We’ll get the murderer. He just needs to take a deep breath and do his job.”
John had no idea how tactfully their guardian agent had answered that question, though he’d bet it was a sight more so than Sherlock would have. He felt a stab of regret for coming to a different country, yet ignoring its language completely. Not that he’d had time to plan this holiday, much less take a course.
"Such ample use of drugs suggests you aren't that confident in your so-called capabilities, despite your attitude, Colonel." Annoyed people made mistakes.
Sherlock was deeply grateful that the truly heavenly taste of food would explain away the little moan he couldn’t suppress. Otherwise, he'd be forced to flee in shame. He was supposed to be a thinking machine on a case, damn it, not a teen overreacting at receiving his first compliment. Why did John never have any consideration for that?
He grinned at the man spluttering and protesting, while at the same time rushing around to look for the documents. It was easy to actually get the job done, if you only knew how to deal with people.
He shrugged. “Obviously. I hope you have at least one agent that will be capable of participating in an investigation, instead of hindering it.”
His face wasn’t as controlled as he thought it was, though, because John continued, “Nope, huh? Never mind. He’s not why I’m here. And the whole Holmes & Watson thing isn’t why, either. Yes, it’s funny that our names match, but I would have followed whatever our names had been. And don’t think I’m not aware of what a madcap decision coming here was. Probably I’d follow you even if we met in four decades, and wouldn’t that be ridiculous? I just want to know you better. A lot better. And for all the flaws you claim to have, all I’ve seen is intelligence and frankness. And I like that.”
Well, that was John’s cue. He came forward, announcing, “Doctor Bell. Wilbur Bell.” He didn’t even crack a grin. “I want to thank you for giving us this chance, Mister…”
“I need to apologise, Mr. Holmes. Frankly, I underestimated you. As interesting—unique really —as collaborating with you has been, I thought you would need much more guidance,” Gemma said, when they were back in the street.
murders. Having a fortified way from the base of the palace to out of town that you can, if necessary, rush through on horseback is a good way to survive, sirs,” the lawyer announced, before theatrically turning away.
No amount of huffing and demanding, more or less forcefully, actual data had ever provided him with more than the man's alias. The Colonel. Of course without any detail to what army he (she?) might have served in, campaigns, or anything that could allow him to put Mycroft to the task and give him at least a shortlist of names. If the bogeyman was ever actually involved in war. The worst of his terrified, nonsensical sources insisted that evidence of the man's inhuman nature was how he'd speak sometimes of wars across all history and the universe as if they were no more than yesterday's job. Maybe the Colonel was no more than a historian with a knack for storytelling? Jim would certainly appreciate a man of his talents. Why waste actual gunpowder to keep his underlings in line when a well-woven story could do as well?
Annoying as Sherlock found that habit, it didn’t even occur to him to complain this time. Besides, he’d texted Mitch about being on the way to an interview that could prove fruitful not long ago—as always with any evidence that his profession was, indeed, the right choice. “You have to save me!” he whispered, getting in Mitch’s personal space. The elder one might hate it, but there was no time or space for niceties when the very fabric of the world was crumbling.
His brother had more to say—in fact, a lot more to say—but Sherlock had already lost his patience with him. He had places to go, and he was already googling law firms on the way. He should make his brother hire Italy’s most famous lawyer just to teach him a lesson about not butting into other people’s affairs.
“Then let’s go. Why listen to people who are likely to lie, even for stupid reasons?” Sherlock huffed.
tempt me’ was on the tip of John’s tongue, because damn if the idea wasn’t appealing, but they needed to be focused right now.
The cop—a fifty-something, grizzled man—visibly rolled his eyes. “And you would be?” he asked, his accent atrocious.
Promise to behave? What were they, five? Sherlock rolled his eyes so hard he was sure it wasn’t just noticeable, but audible. Still, he didn’t want to be saddled with his current company any longer than necessary. So—just like John—he agreed to the plan. After arranging a meeting for the morrow, they were finally free to go back to their hotels. Or at least he thought they were.
The agent didn’t reply. She couldn’t, because once again, John interjected first. “Just let me next time, and we’ll be fine. I have to tag along because someone needs to keep an eye on me, and I hope that you’ll tell your chief how glad I am for the chance, Gemma. I’m a doctor. It’s my damn job to give sad news when necessary, though I always hope I won’t have to. And if I take three sentences instead of one, consider all the questions you’ll be able to ask, and let. Me. Do. My. Job.”
Andrea replied, “Not subtle at all, no, this is obviously a take on Pentecost, only it’s the Duke’s spirit—”
Mitch’s eyebrow shot to his hairline. “That’s…odd. Is that why you asked for his number? A relatable experience, for once?”
The newly minted consulting detective levelled a look at John, which expressed how much he thought it shouldn't be their role to reassure anyone. When the doctor hissed, “Go. On!” though, he caved and complied.
“Abbiocco. You know when after a meal you just need to sleep? And if it’s a huge meal, preferably sleep till the next one? That’s it. It’s not exactly a nap. I mean, nap to me sounds like you have a choice. Even after coffee, you won’t be able to think straight with some serious abbiocco. But I can order for you, Sherlock, if you’re nervous about it,” Gemma explained, shrugging.
Wait, no. There must be an error. Maybe he misjudged when he 's actually noticed the situation? Not that it happens often, but- it can't be. It's embarrassing enough that John flitted by that page in the first place. He moves earlier and later, but nothing else that would fit a 'posted a lot, then disappeared' description materializes, for the sake of his sanity. Their sanity. ApparentlyObvious' author page – and its lack of updates – stares back mockingly. John has noticed him. Why? How? Could it be a mean sort of prank? But John's not mean, and while clever in his own right, he would have had to deduce his identity, premeditate today's interaction... It's just not his style.
“To prove you wrong? I bet it doesn’t happen often. Besides, I did book a room. I won’t pester you, promise, not if you don’t want me to. But a holiday before going back might not be a bad idea anyway,” John said. “See you around, Sherlock Holmes.”
She shrugged. “Oh come on, you know Teo. He’s...well, not the brightest. My friends have been asked by commissioner Di Giovanni herself to help us with the investigation. International consultants. The victim’s family is loaded, so she went all out to make sure that we’d catch the culprit soon.”
“Okay. I will tell mum I need your help with something or other, as long as you tell me exactly why you like your John so much. Or you could do it…if you want to speak with her. The last thing we need is her dropping by your place again, in an effort to get back into your good graces, and realising that you’ve been absent for days. Neither of us wants to deal with it, do we? ” His brother moved to sit cross-legged on the bed, back against the wall, like he’d done hundred of times when he wanted to be comfortable for a long, complex tale from his brother’s school day.
At the other’s raised eyebrow, he admitted, “Fine, I might have exaggerated...but not by much. I’m surprised you didn’t notice, honestly. Dilated pupils are a result of either darkness or desire, and given that the place is bright, the cause was self-evident.” And with that, he lowered his own eyes to his plate.
, Sherlock said, with perfect accent and a teasing look John's way). First, they nipped downstairs, for a quick visit to the basement—ancient stables, dyeing area, and other such places. Despite their acquaintances' effusive commentary, they walked right past a room, sporting a bright red ‘Danger’ sign…or would have, had Sherlock not ducked right in. His loud disappointment made John smile, when it turned out to contain nothing more than a water tank, a few coins littering its bottom.
“Am not,” John insisted. How was the man not red-faced himself while buttering him up so shamelessly?
Finally grasping his precious ticket, he followed her directions, using few English words but plenty of theatrical gestures. Even if they’d managed to misunderstand each other once again, there was about a dozen twenty-something boys and girls. In his research, the night before, he’d noticed that Urbino had an university. He hoped they were going there, too, or at least, that one of them would speak better English.
"Oh, you found those." So John has seen fics. Fine. An accident, undoubtedly. Just like how Sherlock started. "Yeah, I don't know where they got that idea from."
“You’ve not roleplayed then, “ John interjected, proceeding to explain. “Anyway, who’s the first to question on our list?”
John thought that they looked like ducklings trotting after an especially aloof and shiny-feathered one. He giggled, ignoring the dirty look the lawyer sent his way. Instead, once he had his breath back, he asked the cop—who ‘d fallen in step with him—”Sorry I didn’t ask before, but...since we’re going to be together for a while, what’s your name?”
Alessandra reined her temper in at this, mumbling something about not knowing it had turned into an international investigation, and finally stepped aside. John repressed a smile. He’d never realised how useful abandoning someone to their own assumptions could be. Their host guided them to a room, still keeping a wary eye on Sherlock.
As comfortable as John was with hospitals, it still struck him as weird that he was looking forward to visiting the morgue—especially when he’d known the deceased in question, however briefly. If it helped to bring her justice, though, he hoped that Livia wouldn’t have minded their nosing around. Sherlock’s cleverness was astounding, and how could he not be eager to witness some more? If she had known his friend better, she would have been relieved to have him on the case, too. At least, that was what he wanted to believe.
“This is the police station, boy, we’re not here for you to prank. You have exactly five seconds to turn around with no repercussions, and be grateful for it.”
“You can laugh at this, heck, I’m half-tempted to laugh at this, but I have been detained by the police. As the suspect in a murder. It should be easy to solve, if only because I would never murder someone like that. Damn, I’ve been trained to kill
He could have been ordinary and rung the bell, but if his brother was taken by a creative mood, there was every chance that he would ignore it. Good thing that his skillset included lock picking. The door clicked open obediently, and Sherlock rushed through, without bothering to close it. After all, any thief who came in would be disappointed by his brother’s lifestyle. The man’s eclectic taste meant that very little in his flat could be resold to any sensible person.
Sherlock had obviously made a horrible mistake while planning his flight. He hadn’t picked Urbino because he loved the town—or even Italy. The only important thing had been bolting, like a terrified deer…and like in the fairy tale, he trapped himself, instead. This would be his lesson not to trust Mycroft. True, they didn’t always see eye to eye. But he thought that on the Doyle Issue—the bane of both their lives—there would only be support between them, despite the fact that they decided to tackle it differently. Why bother planning an international trip when his brother had already done so?
“Sherlock? Are you there? Sherlock?” The words became louder and louder. “Sherlock! You might have dialled by mistake.”
“Before acquiring the relevant data? Even if doing that is a habit of your colleagues, I'm not so stupid. I thought you were helping us because you knew better,” Sherlock snapped, quickening his pace.
“Stop deflecting. Who’re we going to question first? If you slow down the investigation, I’ll be forced to suspect you myself, and neither of us wants that, do we?” Sherlock said. Sure, John seemed to have no motive—the police certainly hadn’t produced one—but if he had developed a blind spot, he needed to account for it.
…Because he was now feeling like an idiot. Spending the whole week in his room was out of the question. Not just because of the heat, but because he’d go spare cooped up all the time. He couldn't exactly experiment in his room, there was nothing to write about and the telly was even more rubbish than he'd expected. Then again, wasn’t it always in summer time? He could amuse himself with his phone, but the last thing he wanted was to have an eventual heat source in his hands, no matter how small. If he had to go out and buy a book—he really should have brought some, but he didn’t think at all about entertainment while packing—he might as well look for a non-stifling environment to read in.
“Oh, plenty,” she said. “I’m not that great a cook. Shocking, I know.” She winked. Why was it necessary for her to wink? Improper. Disgraceful, even. “But it means I do have all the best restaurants mapped. And we can be at the nearest one in five minutes. If you’ll follow me, gentlemen.”
“Do we really need to have a replay of yesterday? I’m not sure which weird diet you are trying to follow, but as a health professional, I’d like to avoid having to treat you for ulcers,” John said.
“Of course, I’m truly sorry, Professor. I hope you won’t hold my slip of the tongue against us all. Can we step into your castle?” Gosh, John felt ridiculous, but it’s not as if he didn’t have his share of arrogant teachers. Heck, his Pathology prof. obviously considered the day wasted unless at least one pupil burst into tears. He’d learned long ago how to placate their kind.
The little shops on both sides of the street attracted his attention. Even if he wasn’t strictly a tourist, it didn’t mean that he couldn’t look. Especially at the shop (he really wasn’t sure what they sold) in whose window a birdcage reproduction of the palace sat proudly And if the smell wafting from one stopped him in his tracks…well, nobody was waiting for him. He’d been so nervous about the trip that he’d eaten one apple all day, keeping himself functioning with a good amount of tea. Surely one slice of pizza was worth a pause. Or two. After all, he was in Italy.
“You already have,” he said, striding out. Mycroft’s trip had been planned for ages. There was simply no way that his brother had waited until the night before to book a room. He was too fond of his comforts. Which meant that Mycroft had originally considered what he’d texted, but then given it away and found this one. All to inconvenience Sherlock? His brother would suffer too…so, why would he subject them both to this? Just to ensure that his little brother didn’t spend weeks holed up in their room? What was out there that his brother so wanted him to face?
Still, no matter how pleasant a sight that was, he was mildly terrified of missing his stop, so he kept repeating it in his mind like a mantra. He did manage it…only to find himself stuck anyway. That made no sense. The newsagents advertised bus tickets. He’d asked for some twice, only for the middle-aged woman behind the counter to blink owlishly at him and repeat her question. Sure, his pronunciation was likely to be a bit off. But how many towns nearby could have a name similar enough to cause confusion? He repeated it once again, slowly and loudly. Hopefully this time she’d get it. “Pe-sa-ro.” Finally, he heard himself speak, too, and blushed. Oh damn. “It’s…here, isn’t it?”
It was too soon, to judge by the way Sherlock wriggled away and took two steps forward. “You don’t understand.”
She burst into giggles, once again. “Not in those words, but yeah. I’m not a complete novice, unlike someone else.”
“I’ve just seen a prick being a prick….and I don’t mean you. Did you really think that this would affect my opinion of you?” John huffed. Control lost, he sought the other’s hand, squeezing it.
The elder one laughed. Which might be a proper reaction when the universe is playing a giant joke at your family’s expense, but still made Sherlock’s cheeks flush. How dared he! He wished his brother had been pressured into membership of a Diogenes' club. How nonchalant would he have been after?
“The Carabinieri might be the butt of jokes for their stupidity, but I bet that even they wouldn’t assume a name to be fake just because it’s known. Simply because something is improbable, even highly improbable, discounting it immediately as impossible without further analysis is the way investigative errors are committed. There is such a thing as homonyms,
“John? How are you feeling? Do you want to go back to your room? Or should I bring you to the hospital?” she asked the back of his head, without giving him a second to answer any of that.
“Yes, yes, I’m sure we will.” Sherlock actually shooed his sibling away, like a particularly annoying fly.
He’d been the butt of too many jokes to miss one when he saw it, though even the cruellest of his classmates would at least try for some plausibility in their traps. This one was so blatantly fake that it could almost be true. Still, it was best to get away from the situation before the other shoe dropped. After all, did it matter whether that meant ‘John Watson’ confessing that his name was George Smith, or John Watson realising that Sherlock Holmes was, indeed, intolerable?
Even when John warned them to be careful, because the bastard was tied to Night (which seemed weirdly poor grammar for him). It certainly seemed to mean something to their new friends, though. It scared them half to death, but they also considered the two of them even more impressive. And it was agreed that the bastard shouldn't be allowed to roam, much less get any closer to the town (Thebes, some carefully worded sentences had revealed). Soon, a trussed up Colonel could do nothing but glare furiously.
“Yeah, sure, sorry.” John hurried off. He was usually good at reading mood! How had he not realised that they were bothering the group?
“Fine. You’re coming. I can’t in all good conscience leave you here knowing that if you do accept that coffee, it might eventually devolve into a brawl. Jesus, only you could manage to find this man. Though mum would undoubtedly say you should have expected that. Fate finds a way, and all that.”
“Down, girl. You won't have the future in fashion that you aspire to, if you can’t even figure out when people need space to breathe,” Sherlock snapped, taking a step back.
John blinked. He'd met a lot of quirky people, but none who read him like an actual book. With no idea of how to react, he defaulted to irony. "Misha said Holmes, didn't he? Would your first name be Sherlock, by any chance?"
Mycroft claimed they were employees, which Sherlock didn’t deny only because the lady forced him to prove it. His sibling offered her family a guided tour of the paintings, while the kids (ranging from five to ten years old, at an estimate) continued to play tag in the room. Which was a better use of their time than listening to his brother.
Sherlock barely contained a snort. Of course Mycroft wouldn’t make a scene here, where someone could overhear and report it to the director. In fact, the setting he chose for their discussion meant that he wanted to avoid a scene at all, if possible. Small town, people would talk. His reputation had to be as immaculate as possible. Well, he should have considered that before plotting.
John considered disabusing her, but it was too funny to see Sherlock take another step back, as if scared. In fact, if the man wasn’t careful he would end falling down the stairs!
care about John, not any more than he would for any fellow British man that got involved in trouble abroad without any fault of his own. But to insinuate that his attitude could endanger either of them? That was low. He knew his limits, and the way his brain worked: missing a meal, or even two, wouldn’t make him swoon like a Regency maiden! But it was harder than it had ever been to put the other in his place. Damn. It was all because he’d thrown his past career into the conversation so nonchalantly.
The rest of the trip was quiet. Other people might have been uncomfortable with that, but Sherlock was grateful for it. He didn’t need to pay attention to his companions any longer, and could use the time to revise the data he had acquired until then. Having everyone focused on a common goal made the situation almost pleasant. He’d always thought that, unlike other people, he wasn’t born to be a social creature. But it seemed that he just wasn't fit to entertain the boring ones—a quality, not flaw, of his, if you asked him.
“Come on, uncle, can we come in? You promised!” Livia interjected, taking the professor’s arm. Funny how she could go from aspiring teacher to professional guide to puppy. “Andrea hasn’t slept all night, he was so excited! And never mind Sherlock, will you have me lose face with his friend?”
“Not you too,” Gemma groaned, dragging a hand over her face. “I trusted you! I really thought it was all an error, and wanted to help. But your habit of just sneaking around isn’t going to help either of your cases, don’t you realise it?”
"Anyway, I can see you're not in the mood. Fair warning though, I'll text you sometime. I'm keen on earning a second chance." At worst he'd receive a fuck you back, and then stop bothering the man. One single open-mouth-insert-foot shouldn't be enough grounds to hate someone. Especially someone with whom you had so much in common. Decades of jokes had to count for something!
The man spoke so fast the doctor almost expected to see his teeth chatter, but shouldn’t Sherlock be back any second now? No, time just felt eternal when all one could do was sit there and stare—he hoped.
Cecchini, Doctor.” The man’s glower might have intimidated someone more sensitive than John was, and in fact Rachele, who was the closest to him at the moment, physically recoiled a step. The man had undoubtedly been impressive in his teaching days….to people who had never known anything worse.
The motherly woman behind the desk looked at him with concern, but answered, “Of course. Just yesterday. Your brother was very apologetic, but there was really no need to be. Are you fine, Mr Holmes? Can I help?”
Oh well. Brooding wasn’t going to help any. Going back to student life for a week might be fun. If he managed to persuade Sherlock that he was worth speaking to, interfering brother aside, so much the better.
He’d have thought that John would have suggested they get on with it. Even if he didn’t understand the language, the man was clever enough to have become a doctor; he’d figure out that they were talking way too much to just share a handful of names. But John was apparently too polite for that. Yet another layer of complexity to him, as soldiers weren’t exactly famous for their tolerance of people faffing about.
“This is highly” the lawyer started, but before he could get “irregular” (or any synonym for insane) out, Sherlock was already leaving, and they all had to do their best to catch up with him.
The agent looked to the side—whether afraid of witnesses or looking for support, Sherlock couldn't say. Her mouth opened in protest, but before she could quote her orders, he huffed, “What’s the advantage if I’m supposed to just sit in my room and do nothing? Might as well come along and annoy you, at least.”
“Then, pleasure to meet you, Mr. Wilbur… Bell.” Sherlock stretched his arm, expecting the reaction to be ear-splitting screaming. Instead, from the phone came a boisterous…laugh?
"No." Sherlock ran away. Again. And this time his sentence didn't even make sense. Was he denying his own charm? The fact that John could ever be tolerable, much less pleasurable to be around? Damn. This was why the former soldier tried to seize him. Trying to have a conversation with the man was like trying to chat with a finch. Both flew away at a moment's notice, no matter how non-threatening you thought you were.
John laughs, which doesn't help his nerves. "Can't say the idea didn't flit through my mind, once or twice."
He ignored her antics and took a few steps away, John following him. “So? Where do we start from?” the detective asked. “Sex, money, or old sheer hatred?”
"You're not the only one who writes. I stopped rather than risk being caught, lest you hate it, but you very much didn't hate it, did you, TheWarDoctor? What is it, then, if you never meant to make it real? Just fantasizing about a way to shut me up, maybe?"
Sherlock sighed, his disappointment an almost physical blow for John after the excitement of seconds ago, and got to work. Closet and nightstand were opened and examined…The doctor would have said ‘cursorily’, given his speed, but he knew better than to assume his genius flame needed as long as anyone else would to notice relevant data. Books’ titles were skimmed, and the biggest ones leafed through.
Sherlock reassured him that there was no need for him to translate, as he was perfectly adequate to the task, before gently prompting him for data.
John uses put upon sigh no. 15, reserved for when Sherlock is being purposefully obnoxious. "Yes, you do. I frankly thought it was some sort of grand plan you had going on, what with the way you took longer than usual to start on a bored fit, but no experiment ever popped up to destroy half the flat. If giving it up whatever it was is so disheartening, put the scheme back on track. Just let me know what I should expect. Were you on the brink of sweet-talking Molly into relinquishing a whole dead body this time, or what?"
Despite that, their walk started by going down. Once they arrived to the other square, though, Matteo gestured dramatically at the climb in front of them
“Um, back to our rooms?” John answered first, thankfully, because Sherlock wouldn’t be nearly that polite.
A few weeks in, and Sherlock is considering a series of experiments on the addictive properties of writing. Without his outlet, there is nowhere to put his fantasies except his brain, and they are starting to take up entirely too much room. He should just delete them after he's indulged in them once, like he used to. But he can't get over a reluctance he's never struggled with before. What would once have been a fleeting idea keeps being added to. over and over, scenarios overflowing from the drawers he hastily slams them in.
“It depends on how much my brother told her about the situation, but does it really sound unlikely? She’d absolutely want to see her own Sherlock Holmes on a case.”
“Wait—they caught you for bloody murder and you thought you would call me, instead of a lawyer? You’re supposed to have a brain, try to use it, will you? Or don’t. If your reaction is to joke about murder, you’d better not say another syllable. I’ll be there.” Sherlock shook his head. It was one thing to think that they would be better off far away from each other. But allowing the man to be jailed for his own idiocy? For a week, maybe. But not on such a ludicrous accusation.
John kept staring at his phone. When should he text Sherlock? How soon was too soon? His military past had taught him not to linger too long, giving the enemy the time to reorganise. He shouldn't let his new acquaintance alone long enough to ponder all his gaffes and persuade himself that John wasn't even worth wasting fifteen minutes on. Assuming he hadn't been pranked all along. He still couldn’t believe that any sane person would call their baby Sherlock Holmes.
This time, they were going to catch the man. Together. John was at his back, carrying the gun, just in case. Should their enemy turn out to actually have some military training, his blogger/captain/lover was the best card Sherlock could ever dream of playing.
“Mr. Holmes, you’ve hired me. And then negotiated without my presence something that is beyond all customs, and which lends itself to at least three different objections from a legal standpoint. And now when I offer suggestions that should be obvious to anyone, you argue. Why am I needed, exactly?” the lawyer asked, stepping closer.
“Jesus, why? Are you seriously bothering me with whatever she’s up to now, when my masterpiece needs to be ready in 3 days? I came here because I need quiet! I didn’t want my family to bother me or,” Valentino shuddered, “offer suggestions. I don’t have anything to do with whatever she’s done, and I don’t want anything to do with her in the future. So if you could kindly get out.”
Once again, they started walking through town. If nothing else, this place would make sure that John didn’t lose the fitness of his soldier days. Back in London, it had been all too easy to let the dark cloud of too many worries and not nearly enough solutions weigh him down, chaining him in his room. Even if it turned out to be only a reprieve from facing his problems, all the eager steps he'd taken after that first one—on the way to meet Misha—felt like a blessing.
“Why would you say that?” the professor snapped. Man, he didn’t like when anyone stopped him from hearing his own voice, did he?
Andrea huffed, but conceded. The next room, at least, wasn’t empty; big white tiles decorated in bas-relief, mostly worn from age, lined the walls.
Because how was Sherlock supposed to not fall in love, when John is...John? Caring, and protective, and it's not like Sherlock picked his own military kink – it was there way before he met his army doctor (captain) flatmate – and so damn funny, and he could spend ages listing all the ways John is amazing but he's already close to not making sense, so. That's not good. Especially for what he's trying to do. When you're writing, run-on sentences and ambiguity and your brain spitting a jumbled mess of (mostly, really) feelings are not what the doctor ordered. Oh god. He really needs to breathe and untangle his thoughts if he's going to do this. Then again, he couldn't slow down if he was paid to. John might take all the time in the world when he's writing, thinking whole sentences between one pecked letter and the next, and going back four times in his brain before he manages to find where the f is (even after all this time). Sherlock rushes through. Well, at least that helps with the not getting caught.
The barista–a young man whose green eyes twinkled above the apron—smiled at them, asking what they would like.
Leaving the room, Mycroft plastered a rueful smile on his face, bowing his head to each security officer they passed and stealing longing glances at the paintings they strode by. Sherlock smirked at the guards, but his attitude didn't garner any reaction. The security details were here for the art, and didn't waste energy caring about anyone who didn't endanger it. His brother offered a nod and an apologetic shrug to the ticket checker too, whose mouth hung open at the transgressor’s uncuffed return.
“No, I don’t. Sorry, didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable. I meant it as reassurance,” John replied, raising his hands in surrender. “But I
a bit confused. You could have said no again. You could have not called me or answered my texts, despite your brother’s meddling, I would have got the hint. I might be an idiot, but I’m not that much of an idiot. Instead, you agree to see me…and then you seem angry that I don’t loathe you. I’ve never seen someone so doggedly trying to be hated.”
“And what makes you think that you would even recognise important evidence?” the agent snapped, pointing at him.
“And it’s not like you to state the obvious. Yes, I’m leaving for Italy in two days. I have to negotiate the loan of a few pieces for the Dulwich Gallery, but I still don’t see how this relates to your Watson infestation.”
situation. You should, too, it won’t do you any good to pass out tomorrow. If only because if you do, you might lose the bet...and the commissioner sounded crazy enough to go through with her threat and send you to jail. And me, too, not that you need to worry about it,” John replied.
He needed air. With his room not providing any, Sherlock decided he might as well go out in search of a properly refrigerated place. That meant getting dressed, though…
going to mention any of this to her. Or I swear that I’ll call you Mycroft to your dying day, brother dear,” Sherlock hissed.
Finally, two synapses seemed to make contact in the brain of the cop. Accidentally, no doubt. He tilted his head, stared at Sherlock as if he was trying to deduce him, and before the journalist could tell him not to bother with efforts obviously beyond his capabilities, he announced that Sherlock had to see the police commissioner. Perfect. At least someone who could presumably do something, as soon as the journalist demonstrated to them how stupid they had been.
“I’ve been asked to investigate this by your own superior. I hope that she doesn’t expect me to do so without acquiring any data. My name is Sherlock Holmes, not Merlin. If I am expected to solve this case by the use of psychic powers, I am sorry to inform you I don’t have any. You’ll be with us at all times. If that isn’t enough to ensure that we won’t plant evidence to excuse ourselves from something we’ve never done in the first place, you must have a very low opinion of your own capabilities, agent.” Sherlock retorted, swivelling to face her and crossing his arms.
Sherlock’s mouth widened in a smile before he realised it. Despite that, he wasn't going to nod along to undeserved blame. “I don’t need training. You need to learn to seek the truth instead of persisting in your odd urge to indulge everyone else's whims.”
“Don’t tell me that you didn’t get an impression of her character,” John replied, raising an eyebrow.
To his dismay, he spent most of the following hour being grilled. He didn’t mind chatting, and it was a relief that her exam wasn’t about literature—the last thing he felt like doing was trying to remember trivia he hadn’t touched since high school to help her. He’d only confuse her and himself. But knowing something about her life here would have been nice. He’d hoped for any info on the place he was supposed to stay at without making an arse of himself.
Some tourists looked surprised as the duo—the twenty-something arrogant seeming man and the slightly older one with a chagrined appearance—locked the door they came from behind them. A mother of three (no, one was her nephew, really he should be more focused) loudly protested about not being allowed to see as much as anyone else.
“We literally met once. We shared one hour on the bus. Four days ago,” John remarked, counting down on his fingers all the ways they were strangers. It seemed that the Italian habit of gesticulating was catching.
Mitch rolled his eyes, which was rich of him. If Sherlock had taken his drama queen ways from anyone, it was from his big brother. Refusing to be Mycroft—the cold, calculating, manipulative man of their mum’s favourite stories—he’d decided that an extra bit of flair would hopefully get the point across to her. It didn’t work, but it certainly passed onto his sibling a tendency for flamboyance. “Breathe, Lockie, and then tell me what’s up.”
“Of course. The commissioner should have known better than to try to use me for her tricks! We’re going to solve this case whether she likes it or not. Honestly, that she thought I would automatically be a hindrance to any investigation is an insult that I won’t forget,” Gemma growled.
Sherlock glared at him, and declared the discussion closed the way John was starting to recognise as his usual. A quick scowl (at his brother this time), and he turned away to stride through the last of the portico.
Besides, even if he were a normal man, relationships never lasted. People drifted apart. They moved, ghosted and generally left each other. He’d managed perfectly until now. He worked alone; enjoyed his leisure time alone. And when he got someone involved—always family, of course—he ended up disappointing and being disappointed. Look how Mycroft had messed up this time.
“Not right now, or even tonight. I promise it’s not what you think.” John backed away, obviously trying to appear non-threatening. As if anyone could forget what this man was capable of, if only he allowed himself. Sherlock's curiosity would be the end of him some day.
“Can no one else see the dust? It’s obvious that in the room we passed there had been many paintings, altarpieces, and other assorted relics that aren’t here anymore,” the journalist replied, pointing at many odd dust patterns around them.
The...actually, author at the moment, slams his laptop closed when a cup of tea appears by his side. John must even have asked. How has he not noticed? This was too close a call.
That got a snort of laughter out of Sherlock, at least. “You have an odd perception of mystery fans, army doctor John Watson. I say this having one as my mum, and she’s completely barmy, mind you.”
John eyed curiously a couple of houses sporting both the European Union and Italian flags, but as soon as he opened his mouth to ask, Matteo said, “Save your breath.”
Since he'd never been to a crime scene before, one would think it might take Sherlock hours; surely he'd want to be thorough. Instead he just roamed around the room twice, with no apparent order, before leaping further into the house.
There's the usual anger tinged with bitterness in his blogger's tone when the Moriarty subject is touched. And even if Sherlock feels guilty about picking this, out of all the pairings he's seen, John's tone still warms him (and might have to be filed for later). Because the mere mention of the consulting criminal sends John into a 'ready to fight' frame of mind, and if that alone wasn't hot enough, there's the ' for Sherlock' angle. He can't let himself swoon right now. Lucky him that he's already sitting, the table covering most of him. Any sudden blood flow rerouting should go unnoticed.
Their companion was the one to answer. “Yes, well, a charitable fellowship taking care of poor people’s burials was set here. The name stood. Speaking of names, just to clarify—yours are really John Watson and Sherlock Holmes?”
If that meant sneaking away, so be it. Especially because Sherlock felt sure he wouldn't be able to swallow a bite if he was invited to lunch. The tour had given him an idea anyway. With his room not viable as a long-term shelter and his brother going about his own business, who was stopping him from going to the university, which would hopefully be in a cool building, and make use of the labs? He could amuse himself with a bit of chemistry, and if anyone tried to tell him that he shouldn’t be here, he had a long practice in talking circles around people.
Then, potassium chromate and sulphuric acid. His professors would have lectured him for using them without proper precautions, but how could he be expected to worry about such details when he had much more pressing subjects to debate? One drop of mercury, and…there. The solution was beating, leaning towards the now lonely pin he held above it.
“Well, I missed lunch, what with being arrested, so my personal plans included an early dinner,” John said, shrugging.
For once, Gemma started eyeing John with suspicion. “Are you friends?” she asked, crossing her arms and physically getting in between the excited girl and her charge.
Sherlock shook his head, wavy hair flailing about. John thought that he looked considerably like a wet dog attempting to dry itself. For once, he wisely kept his mouth shut.
Part of him thought that he was being an idiot, still hoping to get through to Sherlock while leaving further meetings to chance. His major would have been very disappointed in him. No plans was an awful plan, and a sign of sloppiness. Then again, he’d given Sherlock his word. With how paranoid and how clever the man was already, lying would have sealed the last nail in the coffin of their acquaintance, and rightly so.
“That detail aside. I always think he’s the luckiest, you know. Wouldn’t you want to work into an actual Renaissance palace?”
He’d never seen anyone actually scrunch his nose, either, but Sherlock did exactly that, declaring, “We can’t wait that long to solve this!”
Failure. Complete, frustrating failure. Sherlock glared at the other man, who cheerfully waved at him after settling their tab. The journalist didn’t feel any closer to understanding anyone’s reasons than he was this morning. He would need to get the truth out of his brother, and spend a whole week here without melting. All while he avoided John Watson, despite the small size of the damn town. It was one thing to escape someone in London. In a medieval, fortified hilltop? It would require only a bit of stubbornness to track down anyone…especially anyone who didn’t have the chance to hole themselves (up) in a private home. He hated Mycroft. What was his brother thinking?
“Yes, I have. But I’ve also lived with you for the last twenty-three years. You can’t have changed that much in the last two. If you were simply annoyed, you wouldn’t come for help. You’d just verbally skewer the poor man to pieces, and if he still didn’t back down, you have the ability to make him regret ever coming after you. If you’re planning nothing short of emigration, it’s because you don’t trust yourself to actually refuse. So now you’re going to tell me how fascinating this doctor of yours is. In detail.” Mitch grinned.
“And sit on this landing for another four or five hours until your colleagues deign to turn up? No. You’re obviously not a reliable organization. I’ll just go in now, and any evidence you already collected will have to be enough, if you’re concerned about it. I do hope that you have taken samples of everything on the scene already.”
“Let’s pretend we actually are accomplices – do you think interrogation will work? On a former soldier? Give me a chance to ramble, and who knows what you might discover…”
John had to keep himself from clapping by making a fist, and he did so only because with every word their guest turned redder and redder. As a doctor, he was afraid that Cecchini would have a stroke any moment, and he did swear to do no harm. He might have not exactly followed that rule in the army, but being a pompous arsehole didn’t qualify people for death. In fact, better that he bite his own lips before an ear-splitting grin took over his face.
Valentino ignored their antics. “Seriously, what? Are you crazy?” he asked, rubbing the bridge of his nose.
Sherlock wanted to stay, even if their suspect took a while to compose herself the others might have precious data. But Gemma’s glare conveyed that she would drag him out by the scruff of his neck, if he tried to do any more damage, and he relented.
“Don’t get the chips,” she whispered conspiratorially, leaning in under the pretence of adjusting the position of a placeholder. “They’re frozen.”
Watson and he had spent a few hours together, and already he had to get away. There was only one trait of his eponym that Sherlock had managed to avoid, until now. Addiction. As soon as he’d become a teen, Mycroft sat him down and pointed out that, when the books were written, cocaine was in everything—meds, Pope-endorsed wine, and yeah, the obvious soft drink. Nobody knew how destructive it was. The same way he hadn't insisted on a Stradivarius for his violin lessons, Sherlock better figure out what to swap for it in his imitation of his model, because he’d prove himself much too stupid otherwise.
Sherlock grinned. He would undoubtedly boast later that not everyone needed to be ‘coddled’. “When was the last time you saw Livia Cecchini?” he asked.
Ordinarily, Sherlock would have assured anyone that he could outstubborn a mule, and that he feared no interaction in the world. When one was a perfectly logical being, a thinking machine, and others were…well, people, the winning side was already picked. And there was always a winning side, because there was always a fight. Deductions elicited anger. At-home chemistry caused disgust. His whole existence, outside of a strictly professional setting (and sometimes even during it) brought on yells, glares, arguments. And that was as it should be. Sherlock Holmes the detective wilfully ignored the minimum requirements of peaceful coexistence. He was an arrogant, melodramatic, neglectful of others’ comfort and even health, often rude prick. Except the few times he wasn’t, of course, but nobody needed a reminder of the detective’s
If it wasn’t so obvious how much she liked to catch other people out, Sherlock would have kept John company in his cell until someone made her see sense. Instead, she replied, “I’ll give you and your friend a chance to prove your identity, then.”
“How do you know Mycroft?” Sherlock stared at him in a way that most people, in his experience, found intimidating.
Sherlock had finally drained his cup…and now sported a shadow of cream-and-chocolate moustache. If he hadn’t realised, the focus of John’s now hungry gaze on his mouth would have been hint enough. The blond almost reached out, but before his companion could touch him, Sherlock was dabbing at it. “All I heard is that you make judgements before having all the facts. Too common to be disappointing, but still—go back home. Why would you want to stick around until your opinion of me changes for the worst?” he said then.
It was a ridiculous...what even was the opposite of a mating dance? Someone had to step in, though, because if they waited for the girl to pick up on body language and unspoken clues they’d be here until the end of the world. Or at the very least until she sobered up, and Sherlock wasn’t sure which would come first. “How much money did you exactly owe to Miss Cecchini?” he asked. In English, since she was boosting her knowledge of it.
!” Sherlock retorted, fighting to keep still. Usually he would leave when faced with this much idiocy, as life was much too short to be wasted on fools. But he couldn’t leave John in the hands of someone who couldn’t even recognise a proper document of identity from a counterfeit.
Sherlock allowed himself a smirk. His new partner underestimated his ability to make a nuisance of himself.
In short order his new acquaintance was walking through the square. Despite his unblinking stare, the journalist didn’t see anything that his last round of deductions hadn’t told him. Sure, this time the former soldier oozed anticipation rather than embarrassment, but what would make his whimsical artist brother want him?
“Yes, well...not exactly. To be frank, I am wondering what commissioner De Giovanni was thinking. Ok, no reason to beat around the bush. You will be released, but I am supposed to follow you and your...friend?...around. At all times,” she was almost bouncing on her feet.
“Food? Again? Are you obsessed with it? There are still so many data we need to acquire!” Sherlock huffed, because of course he did.
Unsurprisingly, loud sobs echoed at once. The doctor suspected that his friend had just eliminated any chance to obtain coherent sentences from her. But Alessandra walked closer, and petted her friend’s back while making shushing noises. Shortly after, their witness sniffled loudly and turned around, glowering at them. John didn’t need to understand the language to figure out that what she was saying, among gulping breaths, was along the lines of, “Lucky me that you realised”.
To her credit, Rachele blushed violently, and the others spread out, all at once entranced by other tiles.
John managed to keep in the snort that came to him. No, she didn’t. They reserved that for hapless foreigners, apparently.
No one was, because upstairs a portly man behind a counter loudly asked for his ticket. Sherlock smirked and picked up his pace. There was no way that he’d be caught—and in fact, the man didn’t even make as if to follow. His smugness was short-lived, though, as a uniformed man (a private guard, not a policeman, at a glance) interrupted his analysis of the layout, in order to figure out the probable quickest way to the director’s office. This had just turned fun.
Sherlock, instead, seemed to be mostly looking around at his own whim. As for John, he tried to imagine what would have happened in the rooms when they were more than a museum (or in some cases, a glorified warehouse—art warehouse, sure, but still) and people actually lived in here. Their guide’s arrogance was fitting for a place where nobles lived, for sure. But according to what Livia was recounting before, a lot more plotting, dancing, feasting and even fucking would have enlivened the rooms, besides the art collecting and commissioning the professor was lecturing about. That’d be much more interesting than which architect planned which bloody brick during the bloody Renaissance.
gave me his number. Because he wants to have coffee with me. I would have thought that he was mocking me, but I deduced him and he appreciated that.
It was Livia’s turn to giggle. “Don’t give him ideas! I’m just an art student, you know. And Sergio’s grades are actually better than mine.” She nodded towards the boy sitting with her.
?” his brother roared, before ducking his head and looking around. He dragged the journalist outside, and led him literally around the corner...to point at an open door, tagged—in Italian—“Directions. Please announce yourself.”
John chuckles again, but this time there is no fear twisting him in knots. "If you want to. And if I'm good enough, I guess. Let's find out, huh?"
coming along. The last thing we need is to give your superior any excuse to deny that we did help solve the case, or have her make up any other insane accusations,” the consulting detective declared. Curious how John knew where the Academy was, in the first place. Not that the man was a viable suspect—there was no way that an ordinary girl could escape from the kitchen to the hall, if he wanted to kill her—but he was disappointed in Gemma for not remarking on it.
he knew my name. Who in their right mind likes being deduced, Mic? I have a lunatic after me!” Sherlock marched forward, snatching his phone from his brother’s hand.
John was ready to finally send that message, when he received one from an unknown number. He almost deleted it, but then decided to check. At least to check that he hadn’t accidentally signed up to some service that would eat up his funds.
A rapid inspection revealed that his brother was in the bedroom, so there Sherlock bolted, slamming the door behind himself. The last thing he needed was for the man to decide to inspect how much havoc Sherlock had wreaked in his home and lecture him. Again.
Trailing after the agent, John saw the group waiting for him in the front area of the small police station. Mycroft (at least he assumed so; there was a definite family resemblance) was sitting down, a suited, white-haired man at his side who looked like a lawyer from the telly. John just hoped that he was an actual professional and not an unemployed actor. Sherlock, however, was striding around, and getting in the way of anyone who came in or tried to actually accomplish anything, mumbling under his breath. When he saw John, he froze. “What took you so long?”
Since his brain didn’t want to quieten—and its deplorable tendency to ponder anything but the case at hand—Sherlock’s only choice was to intervene himself. He walked up to them, interjecting, “The register of Miss Livia Cecchini’s class, please. Some of her friends might be involved in some way or another, and we need their last names to locate them. If you’re so stricken by her death, you might consider helping to catch her killer. If your plan is to slow down the investigation, instead, I’d be forced to let your wife know exactly why you’re always late, and that’s
Once back on the ground floor, John couldn’t bite back the laugh when the ceiling of the now-empty library of the Duke was brilliantly decorated…with a sun embracing an emblem and, apparently, spreading golden sperm everywhere. “Not exactly subtle back then, were they?”
“So they called it spirit back then,” the doctor quipped, suspecting he was interrupting a long-winded explanation. Did none of them have eyes?
A way out. Of course, this was the truth. It had been a dreadful faux pas. He could just ignore his phone until John was bored and hung up. Maybe the disappointment would be just enough to make John see what he was. But no. Sherlock Holmes was hateful, true, but no coward. Fine, no
There was no screaming now. Livia’s flatmate lay on top of the sheets, curled up into the tiniest ball she could manage, facing the wall. Despite undoubtedly hearing the steps of multiple people coming in, she didn’t turn around, nor make a sound. John was just happy that she’d bothered with a nightgown. He had a feeling that the effort required to keep behind the new consulting detective while she made herself presentable would be a waste of energy.
Their suspect was home, and let them in. The young man, almost as tall as Sherlock, wore a cartoon t-shirt and shorts. “Everyone’s asleep,” he mumbled (bless his friend for translating again), “can’t study right now. Too hot. We don’t have drugs, don’t have cars, of course we don’t in this forsaken place, and whatever you think I’ve done, you’re wrong. There. Can I go back to bed now? I have art to actually work on once it's possible to breathe.”
The doctor rose suddenly from his seat, mumbled something about needing air, and went to the French window, which made the small room liveable. Maybe his distraction would be more fitting to a Victorian maiden, but ‘illness’ was the only excuse his brain could come up with on the spot. Captain John Watson never faked his way out of commitments, but there was always a first time. The fear that his act was far too transparent, mixed with embarrassment, made him blush. Luckily, his flush wasn’t the dead giveaway he feared. Gemma looked at him with legitimate concern, and Sherlock urged her to continue the investigation while he accompanied John, to make sure he didn’t fall off the balcony.
He realised that he’d slowed down so much that he didn’t just fall in step with the others—they were actually ahead of him. It shouldn’t matter, but then why was he immediately irritated? This holiday was a complete mess. He just needed to solve the case to earn his blessed solitude again.
“Isn’t anyone’s mum?” John quipped. He loved walking back by Sherlock’s side, and hoped he wouldn't clam up back in the museum.
Before John could say a word to try to mediate or apologise, the journalist replied, “Suit yourself.”
Poor girl! She obviously wanted to show off a bit, and look what happened. Maybe he should buy her something to apologise. Despite not knowing Sherlock for long, John doubted that he would care about the spot he put her in. Then again, none of this had been Sherlock’s idea in the first place, and Cecchini had certainly overreacted. John should really have stuck to the conventional—dinner and a movie, maybe. At least, if his attempt to know the other better and hopefully date him went haywire, nobody else would have been caught in the crossfire.
Still, embarrassment made him trail quietly after his partner. Gemma was already chatting up the waitress, talking a mile a minute (obviously a friend, also obvious she hoped for more), so they just went and picked a table in a mostly empty section, to ensure that their guardian wouldn’t complain or ask them to move.
The other didn’t seem to notice him, until they had turned a corner. “I'm pretty sure that I was the only one he banned, you know. Everyone else is sticking around.”
“Nope,” John replied, popping the p. “I was just lucky to find an affordable place. Actually, I’ve been having quite a bit of luck lately. I’m half afraid of when destiny will present the bill.” He chuckled.
“Andrea’s the boy,” Sherlock breathed in his ear, having apparently snuck behind him while he was looking at the others. John had to stop himself from shivering visibly. He had no idea how Sherlock deduced that, and he didn’t care.
“Oh yes, because there are so many John Watson and Sherlock Holmes couples in the world. And especially so many John Watsons who also go by a completely different name, initials included, and just stumble on my crime scenes. I have not studied statistics, but I say the probabilities are against the two of you. Now, if you just tell me what you had against that poor girl, I might just persuade the Public Prosecutor to consider some extenuating circumstances. What did she ever do to you, besides obviously being too naive in her trust? There was no sign of sexual assault nor robbery. Or maybe you were interrupted? Is that why your accomplice was heading back? What was he seeking?”
“Sherlock Holmes,” the journalist said. At her glare, he added, “It might surprise your relative less than you fear. Since you do have a point, though, John is going by Wilbur. Wilbur Bell.”
Gemma shrugged. “Off we go, then. But God knows I’m tempted to stop to buy a child leash before we go back to our last suspect.”
“Okay. Just to stop you from feeling useless.” It was logical, after all. Nobody would suspect that he would do almost anything if asked in that tone. He wasn’t supposed to care about him. He wasn’t supposed to care about anyone.
Gemma flushed, but didn’t say a word. John couldn’t divine if she was embarrassed, or fighting her own urge to laugh.
“Troops, march!” Livia said, taking the lead and walking towards the museum. Everyone gave up their squabbles and followed, giggling at her cocky attitude. Only John, at the very back of the group, allowed himself to roll his eyes. Then again, nobody here knew his past. Nobody but Sherlock, that was. The brief glance of solidarity from him made the former soldier shrug. People being silly didn’t bother him at all. He would have to give up some of his best friends, if it did.
Centuries-old fortress walls cradled what had to have been its ward, given the squared, turreted stronghold in the middle. Not that much of it remained standing. Now, though, the place had been turned into a lovely park. Gravel paths littered with wooden benches sneaked around wide lawns. Pears, heavy with fruits, were growing along the paths, and some young olive trees and a mix of evergreens peppered the lawn. Some modern art fit strangely well against the ancient fortress, though John couldn’t figure out what most of the metallic creations were supposed to represent. The only obvious one was a rusted, highly stylised representation of a cannon. Instinctively, John went to it and lightly patted one of its gigantic wheels.
Maybe something unexpected just happened. He’d half-dreamed about meeting Sherlock at the airport, maybe even boarding the same plane, but of course that hadn’t happened. He’d already slipped into a book somehow. His life turning into a full-blown chick flick at the same time, however pleasant, would have been eerie. God bless phones and internet, instead, because John doubted that he would have been able to organise this impromptu trip otherwise. For a town that, at least partially (from his understanding, at least) was the equivalent of a diminished county seat, Urbino was oddly complicated to reach.
“On it!” Luca actually saluted, with just two fingers, and definitely at the wrong angle, but John wasn’t about to scold him. His eager mood would help the investigation.
“How many hundreds, exactly?” John said, smiling. Why was he smiling? They didn’t need her happy, they just needed accurate information.
"You thought what? Is this about – about oxygen levels, blood flow, or...is this the grand plan you'd dashed? Tell me." It would be better if his tone didn't do things to Sherlock's blood flow. Namely, sharply redirecting it south. But really, what is John rambling about?
Well, the one thing that swamped the town was definitely old buildings. In fact, why hadn’t his bastard brother picked a hotel in one? Sherlock threw a thin white shirt and matching shorts on, slipped his feet into a pair of sandals, and went down to the hall. “Can I ask when our room was reserved?”
The doctor chuckled...at him? “She does have a point. Look, I’ve seen the body—to get that properly examined won’t be a matter of a couple of hours. And even the simplest of tests take at least a day. If you go in now, you will get some indications on how she died. Tomorrow, you’ll get some more. But a report? A full one will take a few weeks. Way longer than you’d planned to stay, if your brother texted me the right details.”
Even if the cashier didn’t understand English—especially an embarrassed English mumble—his pointing to the floor and sudden contrite attitude were obvious. So it was with a smile and a slight shake of her head—half “don’t worry” and half “tourists, really” or possibly even “men”—that she asked, for the third time, “Bus. Per dove?”
“We just need to ask you some questions about a classmate of yours.” Bless Gemma for taking up the reins of the conversation again.
my Watson.” Sherlock kicked the chair. “But if you want one important reason he shouldn’t be anywhere near me… Here’s one that you really shouldn’t need to have explained. He was an
"His name is actually Sherlock Holmes, you know," Misha interjected, interrupting his self-loathing.
Perhaps it was, though. When their waitress came along, suggesting dessert and coffee, the doctor glanced at him and shot her down. Bless him for understanding that lingering wasn’t an option. If they couldn’t investigate any longer today, at the very least Sherlock needed to get to his room and delete every interaction not strictly pertaining to the murder. If he managed to, that was.
Sherlock led them through the minor opening at the base of the tower that John had refused to use at his arrival in town, and that shut her up. A staircase spiralled upwards, low stone steps climbing under obviously ancient brick arches. After a few steps, deeply splayed windows gave light to their path. John debated with himself if it would be bad form to follow his curiosity and look from the windows, or peer down into the stairwell. The structure looked ancient, in its stern beauty, and he wondered idly if it dated back to the Renaissance (and maybe the professor would spout an architect or two if asked about it) or if it was a bit more modern. He suspected that Sherlock picked it simply because the temperature was at least ten degrees lower in here, though.
Thankfully, that quieted them down. As for John, nobody asked, but his favourite piece—in the area open to the public—wasn’t a painting at all, he discovered. As much as the Duke’s small study was breath-taking, with its feats of marquetry (he kept learning things today, and seriously, it looked as if he could have grabbed that sword—among the many things pictured there), he liked the alcove best. The colours were surprisingly fresh, and the idea of having one’s bed not in a vast stone cold room, but in a small wood enclosure, brilliantly decorated with fake marble and trees, so that lying in bed with your wife you’d feel as if in a lush garden… If you had way more money than you knew how to spend, this would have been a great idea.
Mark the date they’d be back, so that he could ask Sherlock out as soon as he was back on British soil? Surely a week would blur the memory of his blunder…or would it fix the negative impression in Sherlock’s mind, with no new experiences to contradict it? Would the man think,
Usually Mycroft suggesting something was enough reason for Sherlock not to do it, but he hadn’t turned himself into a genius, if hated, only to throw it away for a thrill. Modern drug trafficking didn't lend itself to creating your own exactly percentaged blend, either, so he'd found an alternative way to make himself a nuisance. One that wouldn’t end with him accidentally overdosing in a back alley.
“No. Why would you assume I had? Did she say we did?” the boy retorted, fingers tapping a discordant rhythm on the table.
A woman asks the chemist for arsenic, and the chemist asks why she needs it. “To kill my husband,” she admits.
“In case you weren’t listening, her name’s Gemma,” John pointed out. As much as the current events sounded like the most interesting thing that might happen in his life, if only by way of being hands down the oddest, he had a feeling that they would require a lot of feather-smoothing on all sides. Maybe he could add “fowl-wrangling” to his curriculum vitae, should general medicine prove a disappointing change from field surgery. He raised his eyes, finding, instead of divine sympathy, a ribbed vault. This town was full of surprises.
“Crime scene? Are you seriously thinking that you’ll be allowed in?” Gemma frowned, a hand almost going to stop the journalist, before she thought better of it.
At least the most obvious of his deductions was confirmed. “If you haven’t met, why would he reach out to you?” There were no obvious tells of lying, but why would Mycroft lure someone he didn’t know?
doctor. Your trust that I could kick his arse if needed might be excessive. Not that I believe he’s a violent person as a rule, or my deductions should have set him off like a whole shop ready for Guy Fawkes. But, well, I couldn’t knock him down.”
Still, Sherlock walked ahead of John after that. It was just too...embarrassing. If interacting with him didn't make the man see sense, how could he rid himself of his company? And he needed to. He couldn’t let himself be ensnared. He was supposed to be a merely logical human—a reasoning machine —and feelings had no place in such a scenario. Never mind that even Conan Doyle couldn’t resist, and gave his character a companion. Things didn’t work like that in the real world. Humans didn’t bond with automatons—not those with the ability to deny them.
“Just saying, turn it upside down and it’s a thing we still use to bring missiles up from underground storage. It ensures a smooth trip, and you really don’t want to shake them up too much. Since a few of these tiles have firearms, I’m assuming that it would be used to bring down, say, a cannon if needed,” he explained.
John had no idea what the other had observed to provoke such a statement, or if maybe this was his idea of putting a suspect at ease, so that she would slip up. He barely kept himself from openly facepalming, and starting a lecture on proper bedside manners. Or witness-side manners, or whatever you called it. Evidently, Sherlock’s parents had to be insane, but they were proving to be more lacking than John expected. No one, and especially no British man, should arrive at such an age without an understanding of tact.
“He means yes, thank you,” John interjected, rubbing the nape of his neck, then turned to him, “Unless you’d prefer her company?”
When their bill arrived, he picked it up. The least he could do was to reciprocate John’s thoughtfulness. “Let me. You offered last time. Unless you want to go Dutch, like at the Galleria. But—I’d like to.”
