“My goodness wouldn't it be great if you could hire a service to do that? Like black cars with yellow checkered stripes down the side and–”
Finally, the song’s second chorus is coming to an end. The song key starts changing and Sherlock tags his way into the battle by slipping a hand into Dorian’s waist, allowing the boy to lean back on Sherlock’s body for support while he dances. As he slips slowly down Sherlock’s body, Dorian makes eye contact with John. The kid smirks and keeps eye contact while he reaches up to run his hands tantalizingly over Sherlock's abdomen as he sinks and then moves back up. Before he turns to drift away from Sherlock, he grins and runs his tongue against his teeth, looking up at Sherlock as if he wants to eat him. John glares –
Sherlock took it, examined it closely and sniffed it, wrinkling his nose a little. “Mmmmno, hates you. Can't even bear to think about you.”
me that she actually means it —that her words automatically mean that her preferences are erased. They don’t realize that she’s just
Rosie tilts her head up in an odd confused little stare, “We danced already.” She states simply, her adorable baby lisp slipping through more strongly this time.
Sherlock continues to give John that odd look of confusion, “John, you know my methods, deduction requires data. All the data I know about you points to you being straight.”
John just grabs hold of him tightly again. He squeezes Sherlock to his chest and kisses the top of his head, messing up his soft curls in his frantic embrace. Sherlock finally stops him, wiping tears away from John’s face and laches onto his mouth with his own. He doesn’t want John to be upset about this too. It’s in the past. John had already mourned for Sherlock’s death and the guilt of that had tortured Sherlock more than any physical pain he had endured during those two years. Sherlock doesn’t want John to mourn for him any more.  He wants John to be happy. He wants to enjoy this moment with him.
Well... p guess I’ll cry now. Sorry boys. I promise I’m trying to put Humpty Dumpty back together. The story just kind of ran away from me and I don’t know where it’s going. I just know at some point you’ll probably be happy.
? How had he not been able to see it? Sherlock had jumped off a rooftop to save his life. Sherlock had shot a man who threatened John’s life with his wife. Sherlock had let Mary shoot him and still supported John’s marriage and love for her, even though he’d almost fucking died when she’d done it. Sherlock had put himself through hell with Culverton and taken a beating from John and blamed himself for the death of John’s wife - for John’s grief. John had almost lost him then, and again when Sherlock had fought Eurus and almost killed himself, just so he wouldn’t have to choose between the lives of two people that he loved. John was an absolute moron for not seeing it, and right now he decides that he will spend the rest of his life letting Sherlock know how much he adores him.
John raises a brow at her, “Well that’s one way to greet your dad,” he comments with a fond smile as he reaches for her, “Now what have you been up to, young lady.”
Sherlock looks back at him just as steadily. He blinks slowly and for a moment, John thinks that his eyes flick down to look at John’s mouth. “Kiss me,” Sherlock murmurs.
“I need to talk to your mother about what you've been watching on tely, young man.” Mary said, though she was smiling even as the words came out of her mouth, “Now, off you pop.”
The shop bell rang as some one walked in, “Mum?” Harry's voice rang out as her eyes searched for her mother. She found her quickly standing in front of John with a look of surprise on her face.
Sherlock, the cheeky little shit, grins, “Yyyyyep,” he says popping the last letter of the word for the ultimate annoyance factor.
“Can you go away, please, I did not invite you.” John requested as Sherlock pointed a registry scanner at an expensive ugly-looking ceramic penguin with metal accents, pulling the little trigger making it beep and successfully registering Harry to receive that as a gift at her wedding.
"There you are Harry," John said, as they reached the large transparent glass beverage dispenser filled with orange juice "Here, hold this cup under this little tap, and I'll fill it up. Tell me when, Okay?"
“But back to your question... no matter who I marry, I want people to look at my partner.” John's eyes twinkled with a little bit of self-depreciating mischief, “Please make sure that poor sucker is either still standing there, or still making her way towards me.”
Sherlock walked back into the inn to pay the bill. Once inside he was cornered by DI Dimock who had brought him all the paper work for Sherlock's and John's statements.
“What? Why are you looking at me like that? Did I say something wrong?” He asked, his face flushing in embarrassment.
Mycroft frowned. If his deduction was correct, the male voice belonged to John Watson, and now here he was in hospital looking for some man while his little brother lay in a presumably comatose state due to a drug over-dose over that man. Mycroft stood then, fully intending to give the man a piece of his mind, perhaps even threaten him a bit. He wasn't one to show emotion too often, but the last time this had happened Mycroft had let the man get away and Sherlock had ended up worse off because of it. Mycroft would not make the same mistake twice. John Watson would not be another Victor. Mycroft would crush him under his shoe like a big before he did that to Sherlock.
They continue to frot against one another for what seems like ages and John can start to feel a teasing tingling sensation growing stronger in his lower belly. They go on like this until finally Sherlock growls, “Enough!” and pulls away from John. He begins to lick at his jaw, holding John’s arms down at his sides and sucking a trail of kisses down lower and lower.
“There we go, much better.” John smiled as Len inspected himself in the mirror once again, this time with a smile on his face.
About an hour earlier, at his office, Sherlock found himself in a unique predicament. His brother had approved his story but now Sherlock didn't want him to run it. He had this horrible feeling in his chest every time he thought about John reading it before Sherlock had a chance to explain. In a fit of madness he'd decided that what was best was to tell John the truth and he had made a phone call to Harry, hoping she's give him a clue as to where he could find John. Luckily Harry had told him exactly what he'd needed to know without him asking,
Sherlock shrugs, passing Rosie another morsel, “It’s average. I forget it easily so I guess her name kind of goes with it?” He seems to be asking himself that as a question as much as he is telling John that as an answer.
Harry pressed her face against his chest and curled her arm around his back, “John you've been trying to take care of me and mum ever since dad passed away–”
need each other. So Yes, I do reply. I reply when I need her help, and sometimes when she needs mine. Nothing...
The first thing Greg Lestrade says when he sees the line-up of twenty-somethings waiting to be let into the club is: “God I haven’t been in one of these places since —,”
Sherlock's phone rang. He was smirking before he even confirmed his suspicion. “What did I tell you?” He winked and showed the screen to his friends, “Right on schedule... Hello, you've reached Will Scott.”
The three men can’t help it - their hearts immediately melt and all three of them give a light laugh at her bold decisiveness.
Greg shifts beside them and Sherlock turns to him with a questioning look, but he doesn’t comment. Instead his eyes shift between Greg and John, “What do you say, gents? Into battle?” He shouts dramatically. Greg smirks and nods his head in the direction behind Sherlock — “Looks like the battle is coming to you, mate,” he yells over the pounding music.
Harry narrowed her eyes at him, “No you won't, John. You wouldn't hurt a fly, and you definitely wouldn't hurt me; I'm your little sister.”
Sherlock smiled and sat up. “Ready, John?” He asked as he positioned himself directly above John's throbbing dick.
Sherlock nods, bringing her little clothes over as John begins to clean her up, “A heinous crime, indeed, Watson,” he says, seriously, “but I rather think we have a very clear suspect in this case.”
“Yeah...?” The cabby asked, rudely. Sherlock didn't know it but the cabby disapproved of the way Sherlock had mocked John. He'd been a nice guy, and there was nothing wrong with being a little romantic.
” John shuts his eyes. He can barely stand to look at more. The combination of thoughts that come with the song, of Sherlock lying on the couch in 221b, dosing himself with narcotics – the thought of him doing it because he… because he missed Irene. That breaks his heart a little bit. John had pushed him to be with her, told him to go after her, but how can she look so fucking happy with him right now, hearing those words? Hearing that he’d harm himself while she was away from him? He wasn’t quite sure he approved of the idea of their relationship if he thought about it that way. Did she have no conscious thought to what she was doing to him? Just a few years ago he’d almost died of an overdose. Was this song an admission from Sherlock? Had he just pretended to be sober again for John’s sake and gone home to get high again? And for what? Over her? Over this woman that was clearly a psychopath – because she
! John has arrived early! Molly panics flailing and dropping the tv remote so that it skids across the floor, while the judges begin to talk to Sherlock and Iris, giving them their scores. The remote clangs against a table and lands under the winged-back chair on her left. The knock on her door gets a little louder and Molly gives up turning off the telly, instead rushing to get the door before John gets worried, saying, “Sorry! Coming!” She pauses to catch her breath and opens the door, expecting to greet the couple waiting to pick up John’s baby with a slight flush on her face. When she opens the door, however, she finds that John stands there alone tonight, with a cab idling by. He doesn’t look upset, but Molly chooses not to mention it anyway.
Sherlock purrs in approval and grows bolder. He lifts his head to whisper in John’s ear, “Let me taste you, Captain Watson,” and he licks the shell of his ear for emphasis, biting it as he slides his face away to look at John from beneath his lashes.
John feels his heart pound faster and his breathing come in shallower breaths. She’s here. She’s back. So
Of course Sherlock, being Sherlock had the nerve to roll his eyes, sighing, “A gun? Really? How drôle...”
John lost it and pulled Sherlock by the shirt with his left hand and, taking his eyes off the road for a second to glare at Sherlock, he warned, “You forget, Sherlock Holmes, that I was a soldier! I
John eyes him suspiciously but doesn’t respond. Finally he opens the front door, realizing that he’s already running late to work and choosing not to pursue the subject further. “Well, alright. I’ll see you two later then.” He waves at them as he leaves, “Bye-Bye, Rosie, be good.”
Suddenly he feels the press of a body against him and a differently shaped glass is slipped into the hand closest to the new person. Sherlock doesn’t need to open his eyes to know who it is before they even speak. He’s been feeling this body touch his all week in dance practice, and it isn’t Irene’s.
After a few more minutes, right after John has snapped a particularly cute photo of Rosie chewing, Sherlock finally glances up at John. On reflex, John captures his sweet expression on camera. Sherlock has a kind smile on his face and a light flush in his cheeks, the combination making him look years younger. John puts his phone in his pocket and grins at his friend. “Hi, you,” he says, not completely unaware that the tone comes out a little flirtatious.
to remember her right now but fuck if she didn’t have the right idea. Sherlock was an absolute treasure like this: hot, sweaty, needy and begging for release. John can barely restrain himself. He pulls away with one last swipe of his tongue and reaches for the condoms and lube. Sherlock watches John from his position on the bed looking utterly debauched. His lips are swollen red, some hickeys are starting to appear in areas of his skin that John has nipped and bitten at, his nipples are taught and pert and his legs are splayed open, waiting for John to settle between them again.
Molly feels her face heat in a blush and she turns her attention to the stage to watch the dancers. The man smirks and Molly feels his eyes on her for a second before he also turns to settle in to watch the performance.
John gives her a warm hug and a kiss on the cheek. “Thanks again, for taking her, Mrs. Hudson. It really is a great help,” he says.
John almost chokes. His mind is deep in the gutter now and texting with Sherlock is not helping. He panics and sends Sherlock a message that he hopes will end the conversation now before Sherlock says anything else which will make John unable to face him tonight. He’s already having difficulty with the idea as it is.
“Shut up, Irene!" John threw a pen at her lap attempting to grab her attention. "And for the record I would never beg for mercy.”
” is actually Irene disturbs him so much. That little dark part of himself that had earlier whispered
he could believe him. But Sherlock had said pretty words to him before and in one thing he was correct; John deserved better. He deserved better than the pain that was caused him by Sherlock Holmes.
He notices as he stares at Sherlock, smiling that Sherlock’s cheeks seem to have begun to dust over with a bit of pink and just as he notices that, Sherlock’s eyes flick down to where John is still touching Sherlock’s hand. John blinks and feels a heat crawl into his neck as he hastily takes back his hand.
John peruses through a few articles, reading up on the competition and seeing a list of celebrity names - some of which he vaguely recognizes, and others which mean nothing to him. He learns a bit about how the show is judged and how it’s structured, going down a slight rabbit hole into a world of bedazzled sparkly dance fanatics until Sherlock’s name appears in his trip again and he remembers why he was looking up articles about Strictly Come Dancing in the first place. John goes back to his original search and looks over the various links provided under Sherlock’s name in combination with the show title. Many of the links seem to lead to forums on fan blogs talking about Sherlock being on the show. John doesn’t bother with them and finally elects to click on the first video link he finds on youtube, which has a title that reads, “Dancing Detective Decimates the competition with the Cha-Cha” with the descriptor: “Sherlock Holmes on Strictly Come Dancing”. The link opens up a new tab where the video buffers for a few seconds before a blonde woman, presumably the presenter of the show introduces,
“Oh no! No, no, I’m quite sure I don’t want to see that,” he says, waving the hand with the phone in it in a negative gesture, “not my thing,” he adds.
, John thinks – he’s already asking about it, and to be fair he did partially come out so he could figure out just what the hell is going on there anyway –
“Hope you don’t mind,” he breathes against Sherlock. “That was- you were... fuck! Can’t talk and I definitely can’t move right now.”
John huffs at his choice of words and kicks Sherlock slightly under the table, “Please, it was cute and you know it.”
John attends two weddings at once while catching the attention of a very handsome, but very cynical man attending one of the parties.
to let John know he was busted, “You were at two weddings tonight weren't you? Pretty disturbing, don't you think?”
“I know, darling,” She responds with a grin, “but I do so love to see those rose-petal lips in a pout.”
Harry obediently held the little cup where her brother had pointed out and had him fill it up almost to the brim.
seeing him in his element, but also just a little incredible. This man contrasted so much with the man who had been all smiles and smirks with him in the pub, but it was still the same person. It was
Sherlock, Irene, Lestrade, and Molly all meet up at 221B before they leave for the party. Dorian has lent Sherlock and Irene each a copy of his invitation which allows them to come to the festivities and even bring a few friends.
Seeing her lose her patience like this makes Sherlock finally relent. An upset Eurus is never a good thing. “It’s not the quantity that matters, and the quality is... fine. I am beginning to hypothesize, however, that there would be a significant increase in quality of an encounter dependent on my feelings about the subject.”
Sherlock looked out of the window awkwardly as he waited for John's breathing to calm down before he tried again,
In one memorable moment the cabby had yelled at him “Oi, wrong shoes!” and thrown John's dress slippers out through the door as John removed his fancy wedding loafers and struggled to catch the flying slippers.
John hands Rosie over to Sherlock as he lays her baby bag down next to him in the booth seat. Rosie babbles at Sherlock about being excited about food and dancing. John watches with a barely hidden expression of affection as Sherlock responds to her, in the tone he always uses to speak with her as if she were a very important adult.
“Impossible to find a parking spot in this part of London, you know that, don't you John?” She smiled coyly and picked at the lapel of his suit. John fumed, flicked her hand off him and grabbed her arm to pushed her forward.
Greg steps in before John can, more than happy to fulfill the request, saying loudly, “Dorian this is our friend Doctor Watson — if you don’t mind, would you be willing to let us steal Sherlock away for a quick drink?”
they twist and turn each other into their hold and begin to circle the stage gracefully. They move elegantly to the tune of the woman’s raspy voice. Their feet seem to float on the floor as they glide this way in that. “
John pats his knee, preparing himself to be supportive of Sherlock, “Well, go on, tell us what’s wrong. What’s stopping the great Sherlock Holmes from going after what he wants?”
“It's not important. Let's just say I'm an idiot and leave it at that...” Sherlock frowned, “but more to the point, how did you find out? Mycroft didn't call you did he? I'll hang him if he did.” He looked back to John to check he didn't lie to him as he responded,
John sighs and tries not to keep thinking about it as Sherlock passes him what looks like a glass of a plain fizzy drink – though he can’t tell which kind in the dim light.
“Oh, good – ” Sherlock starts, going back to his bedroom but then he seems to realize what Irene has just said and gives her panicked expression as he runs back out, grabbing his phone out of her hands, yelling “What? NO!”
The audience explodes into cheers and a few people manage to throw flowers onto the edges of the stage. Notably, someone’s yell is heard over the crowd saying, “We love you, Sherlock!”
“No, nope. None taken,” John laughed, “It should feel... when you're with the person you're meant to be with there should be–” He tried to explain, but couldn't think of any words to describe what it should feel like. All he knew was that he'd felt it once before, and it was not with Mary or any of the girls or lads from the army he'd been with, but like it was when... when he'd kissed...
Sherlock scoffs at the message and Irene rolls her eyes to come sit by him. Sherlock gives her a furtive glance as she reaches over to tilt the screen so she can read the conversation over his shoulder. He doesn’t notice the little smirk she dons when she realizes the subtle implication of what John’s message means. Clearly Sherlock hasn’t caught it yet as he types his reply haughtily saying,
, especially because he has his suspicions about who exactly the man in his dream was. Considering the last argument they’d had and John’s dinner plans…
John gives Sherlock a light smack on the knee, “It’s not what you’re thinking, you tit. I’m trying to say... Before I saw... you. I- I was here to talk to you –“
Irene moves over to pick up their gymnastic bags and packs up their things while Sherlock starts walking to the door. She jogs to catch up with him and hands him his bag. He smiles weakly at her and she loops an arm around his free one, leaning her head against him.
John turned back to Sherlock, and he huffed out the kind of laugh that only escapes people once they're past the point of anger escaped his lips, “Oh, Holmes, trust me I had
John’s heated gaze is almost unbearable and Sherlock finally asks around a shy smile and a raised brow, “What?”
John hesitates, feeling awkward but turns around to face him and asks, “Oh. Well, good. Then, um... what did... what did you mean?”
Sherlock shuffles, bouncing Rosie a little and letting go of John’s hand for a second to switch arms. John picks up his other hand instantly and they continue dancing, “I wouldn’t say I’m a big fan. I do prefer classical music, as you know, but I find that I don’t mind some songs in terms of using them to dance. I can’t very well go up and do a street dance to Beethoven, can I?”
John stared after her and swallowed. He felt his eyes fill up with tears but didn't let it show, turning his back on Irene and marching out of the restaurant with a quiet determination. He would not apologize for tonight. Not right now. Not after all it took for him to finally say something.
She’s surprised however, when Sherlock stands in front of her, not allowing Molly to go and flicks Iris’ shoulder, saying, “Behave, wench,” then, turning to Molly he says, “Stay, please. I think it might be better if you do. We need all the help we can get.”
I had a few songs in mind when I was writing this for them to be dancing to. As mentioned in the text they dance to three songs Sherlock has already danced to with Irene. In case you don't remember the cha-cha and the salsa one were "Donde estas Yolanda" which is the song that plays in s3 when Sherlock comes back into the restaurant and is all like "What up suckas I'm not dead." The Salsa song is a salsa cover of 'We don't talk anymore' by a group called Mandinga on youtube. Ya'll should look it up. It's nice. The group dance song I had originally picked is honestly a mystery to me because I don't remember which one I had in mind and I didn't write it down. I remember it was a make singer...? The Usher song is "DJ got us falling in love" and the 'Sucker' song is actually called "Sucker" and I'm pretty sure Joe Jonas sings it? I dunno. I heard it on the radio this morning (yes, radio. Reminder: I am
Sherlock holds on to John’s hand and Rosie extends her free one so that John can hold it while Sherlock holds her and moves in a light bouncing rhythm to the song, mostly swaying his upper body from side to side. Rosie claps happily along as Sherlock and John improvise a silly dance with her between them. John comically twirls away only to be pulled back by Sherlock’s arm and they laugh as Sherlock raises their joined hands and lowers himself to pretend to be spun for Rosie’s entertainment.
“That's not true!” John shouted back at her as she threw a decorative basket of false flowers at him, “Ow! Harry!”
Tony nods politely, “It’s no problem, Mr. Holmes. Is there anything else I can do for you before I go?”
Yes, I 100% did add the characters from Oscar Wilde's plays and stories into the fic as cameo celebrities. Why? Because I am lazy and didn't want to research British Celebrities. But also because I've always wanted to write a Dorian Gray into Sherlock's world crossover fic and this was my chance to make him appear and run around being the slutty little asshole he is.
Fabric rustled on the floor as Harry got dressed and John looked up from the sheets of paper then, frowning slightly. Wait, had Harry changed her mind and decided to wear mum's dress instead?
John tilts his lips in a wry smile, “Fine… They never quite go away,” He says, uncomfortable at the deception. Maybe he should cancel dinner. He wills away his erection as much as he can as he starts to carefully try to extricate himself from the bed. “I should shower,” John tells her.
“Sherlock.” John says his name in a stern tone, “I’m serious. When did that happen?” He attempts to lean forward, to hold Sherlock to him, to physically turn him around, but Sherlock pulls away again.
“It’s no trouble at all dear, no trouble at all.” She assures him while he makes his way out of her apartment “I’ll see you later, dear.”
They end up driving in silence the whole way to the restaurant, mainly only answering to Rosie’s occasional babble and questions about things she notices through the window. The silence is charged with an almost uncomfortable energy and Sherlock is not sure he should try to break it, so he doesn’t try. When they finally arrive by Angelo’s Sherlock parks them at the restaurant’s private parking, assuring John that Angelo won’t mind. John doesn’t doubt it so he takes Rosie out of her car seat and they make their way over together.
. His mind supplies once more. Of course, John always knew he’d found Sherlock to be objectively handsome, pretty even – but he’d never quite actually – that is, his mind had never supplied such sensual images of him before and he’d certainly never admit it, even to himself. But now… it’s like that video of Sherlock on the dance floor had opened up this window in John’s mind that had previously been vehemently shut. Sure, John would wonder about Sherlock’s romantic life, and yes he’d been… curious but well, he’d sort of mostly given up on thinking of Sherlock as anything even remotely sexual when Sherlock had said, uncomfortably, “
I made a few changes to the story's original plot but I feel like it's still going in the direction I want so I'm... happy with it? It's fine. I like it. At this point, I'm writing it more for me, no offense. But um feel free to drop me a line if you like it so far. Or if you hate it too, I guess, but I'll probably cry and never write again so that can be on your conscience if you do decide on that route.
“Will you still be wanting us to keep him away?” The other nurse asked, though Mycroft had a feeling she already knew the answer, having witnessed the whole situation.
Sherlock pulls away at last to laugh, “Well it was a bad one! You should have stopped me sooner!”  He shouts, eyes crinkling in mirth.
“Psst, Harry why don't you come back here, let's see if we can't make use of those hands!” Mary called.
“No- it’s just. I dunno.” John fumbles for the right words, “It’s just - I always pictured you as more of a... well... ‘waiting for the right one’ kind of guy... I guess?” John finishes weakly.
!”  The hostess of the show, Tess, begins as the screen turns to her while she stands with the microphone next to Sherlock and Irene.
A waiter arrives at the table then carrying a board with a spread of cheeses and cold cuts, olives, and tomatoes on it. He introduces himself with a polite expression, “Hello, Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson, I’m Tony. Angelo has just sent me over to bring you a couple of appetizers,” he says, laying down the board. He’s also carrying a pitcher of water which he rests next to the platter of food and a pocketful of crayons with some paper which he lays carefully in front of Rosie. The child grins at him in delight and immediately begins to scribble on them.
Sherlock raged at the bartender in his head only demonstrating his frustration by raising his eyes to the heavens as if to ask 'why me?'
“Ugh... What?” He asked, annoyed as he was surprised to see Sherlock standing in front of the door, hands in his pockets with that perpetual smirk plastered on his face, “Harry's not here.”
John doesn’t answer, instead he crooks his fingers inside of Sherlock reaching his prostate again. Predictably, Sherlock shudders and his body begins to spasm as John continues to tease him with light touches. "J-John!" Sherlock whimpers. John just keeps his steady pace, making his mind up then. He isn't going to stop teasing until Sherlock
John and Sherlock sit with Rosie out in the patio of rather swanky café. Their hostess has just left them with the menus and has swept off but not before bringing Rosie something to entertain herself with. Rosie distractedly plays with some crayons the woman has brought her and scribbles with not a single ounce of hand-eye co-ordination all over the blank white paper set as a table cloth before her, murmuring to herself in awe. The men await the arrival of their waiter as their eyes stray to one another over the tops of the tall elegant cards causing them to break out into stupid goofy grins and cut-off eye contact, lest they begin to giggle helplessly.
“John when you and I came into that pub I took a quick but comprehensive look around the crowd. It's a bit instinctual in my line of work. Dimock was not that drunk, clearly having arrived just a few minutes before you and I, but Carter was exceptionally pissed. I think we'll find that if we ask around the pub we'll be told by staff that he'd been there far longer than within our estimated time of death, which I'm assuming, from what you've told me, DI Dimock, was not too long before we arrived in town.”
He mentally shakes himself and stands to pull Rosie away from the screen just as Sherlock and Irene walk off stage to make room for the next dancers.
Also I thought it would be cute to add the wedding planning two months before they got married. It's just funny. Plus I loved that scene in BBC Sherlock. He's such a precious pumpkin.
John struggles to see through the moving crowd and flickering colourful streams of light. Finally, John spots him. He’s almost directly in what John would estimate to be the middle of the dancefloor, moving to the thrumming rhythm of the song that’s been mixed to suit the pulsing energy of the party. All at once John realizes that the image of Sherlock dancing in real life (
She also surfs through Sherlock’s previous texts. The first ones she looks through are her own previous (mostly one-sided) conversations with him. She’s touched to see that he’s kept and transferred all the messages she’s ever sent him to his latest phone’s database. The most interesting ones, obviously, are from Dr. Watson. Sherlock and he don’t text often, but when they do the exchanges are almost sweet in their teasing. It’s adorable how they flirt like teenagers, or it would be if it didn’t piss Irene off so much – not because Irene is jealous or anything. It’s far from that, actually. What makes Irene angry is that the idiot Doctor doesn’t know or is failing to acknowledge just what he’s doing to Sherlock. Sherlock’s feelings, after all, are practically written all over his face, in every gesture, every text he sends the man, every single thing he does – including the choreographed dances for the cases in this competition, (which he joined for
“Sherlock is very determined and headstrong,” The heavily Russian accented voice of Iris speaks, “but this is a good thing because I am a very demanding teacher. He said a few weeks ago that he was worried that he would be a difficult student but I’ve found him to be a pleasure to teach. What he is, and it’s evident from last week’s performance and practice - is a perfectionist. He does not stop until he has it perfect, and that is the only thing he needs to work on. It is not that I think he should stop practicing as hard - him working like this is the reason that I believe we will win, but he does need to loosen up a little bit. This is very important. This week we dance a Salsa, and he needs to really free himself, free his body. He needs to allow himself to feel that desire, touch that sensual part of himself that he showed us a peek of last week. He also needs to learn to take a little bit more time for breaks. I don’t want my champion in making to burn himself out before we reach our prize. Yes, this is what I hope he will do this week.” While she speaks the screen flips between clips of Sherlock dancing with her last week, Sherlock sweating in the studio and Iris trying to push him to take a break and relax. There are also clips of them missing a twirl or a step and Sherlock growling in frustration only to break out into laughter when Iris pokes his side, reminding him to relax. Finally, when her interview is over the screen switches to the dimmed view of the stage. The silhouettes of Iris and Sherlock can be seen far apart from one another, Sherlock and Iris each sitting at a table on opposite ends of the stage. Sherlock’s silhouette appears to be reading a newspaper and Iris rests her hand on her chin as the slow steady beat of a vaguely familiar American pop song begins.
It doesn’t work, he merely raises a brow and states, still with his false grin, “Yes, she is quite lovely isn’t she?”
William stared at John, time to bring out the big guns. He took his hand again, his expression changing to a more imploring look, “John,” his voice went slightly husky, “I need you... to give me fifty quid.”
John spent half of the morning seeing patients in and out of his office, calling up that doctor for those missing x-rays and looking all over his office for that damned diary. He had a back up of his schedule on his computer calendar, of course, but he needed to see some notes, and quite frankly he preferred having something physical to write in.
“Mmm, thank you.” Sherlock and John took their coats and dashed out towards the bike to head back to the pub. Dimock had left the radio in the Motorcycle's carrying compartment.
“Er, yeah,” he lies, feeling the heat rush to his face as he brings his knees up before she can spot the serious case of morning wood John suddenly us very much aware of. “Just… war stuff, you know. Comes back unexpectedly,” John mutters.
“Three weeks?” The French pastry chef asked, repeating the very same sentiment John had just thought yesterday. His eyes practically bulged out of his head, “No. Eet cannot be done! Eet ees not enough time for one of my créations!” He shouted, gesturing at a cake he was currently decorating.
i mean Sherlock is definitely doing a good job with his #self-care and totally #slaying but baby who you think you’re kidding, John’s the earth and heaven to ya, isn’t he?
The song was pure joy. It was the golden light of the sun on a summer’s day. It was the magic of the first snowfall of winter. It was the blossoms blooming in spring. It was the warmth of cinnamon and the crunch of leaves beneath your feet in the fall. It was beauty and life and freedom. And it was more than that as well. It was pleasure, such as she had never known. It was an euphoria so pure and yet so bold and scorching with the flame of desire. The song carries with it a feeling such as Eurus has never experienced herself. The closest emotion she could mention is the feeling of her brother’s arms around her when he’s finally solved her puzzle and saved her from herself, but even that feeling was nothing compared to the purity and the sheer joy of this song and she certainly felt no desire for him in that way. No, this song was special. This song was what the other composers, the ones she’d thought she understood, aspired to create. It was a masterpiece, and it brought tears to her eyes in a soft envy.
When they get upstairs Dorian drags Sherlock to the bar to order a round of drinks for the four of them.
this came out a little later than I wanted it too. Why? Because it ended up being the equivalent of me writing three chapters into one epilogue. Apparently I had a lot more to write on this story than I thought. Forgive me for the late post, enjoy the final ending.
“Ah, well, I’m bringing Rosie over right now, actually. Sorry, I would have texted you earlier, but, well, I was calling a few others and then I was running out of time so I just got on the tube... Look I didn’t want to bother you with this but it seems like you’re our last hope. Do you think you could watch her for me? At least until Mrs. Hudson gets back from her errands? I don’t want to be late to work today and–“
“Ugh please–” John cut him off half-way as Sherlock continued, “–believe me–” John raised his voice with a sense of finality, “–you
“Thanks Sherlock, see you.” Sherlock hears John say just as he presses the button to hang up and tosses his phone down and quickly tries to turn and push his partner off.
to see this!” She’s practically vibrating as she passes him the phone, taking his coffee so he can hold the machine in his hand.
“So…” John’s girlfriend comments as John sits staring at the screen along with Rosie, waiting for Sherlock’s turn on stage. Rosie is seemingly also transfixed, “Whatcha watchin’?”
“No, Sherlock, he likes it.” Anthea explained, looking up from her computer screen. “It's smart, biting, and entertaining. It's running Sunday on the front page of the section.”
Sherlock had spotted his suspect leave a few minutes after he and John had gotten mixed up in the dance floor together.
“Wait...” Harry held up a hand, “You two know each other?” She asked, gesturing between the two of them.
“See Anthea” The e-mail from Mycroft read. Sherlock rolled his eyes but got up anyway. He was curious with what she had to say. He barged into her office without announcing himself and sat down on a chair in front of her.
The singer continues. Sherlock and the golden-haired woman move with a purpose. They have broad smiles on their faces as they dance, despite the sad message of the song. There’s something about that… the words of the song resonate in John as he watches the performance unfold. The sorrowful voice of the singer and the words of the song contrasts with the jaunty rhythm and yet… it works. Their dance looks happy, as Sherlock and his partner – Iris, John reminds himself – prance to the beat. He can feel a longing in the lyrics and see it every time Sherlock and Iris separate. They swing their hands side to side and kick their legs back and forth. They twist and turn, Sherlock lifting his partner all over the stage, spinning her around and flipping her up into the air, only to catch her safely in his arms,
Sherlock stubs out his cigarette and tosses it outside as he spots the bus that should be carrying John and Rosie in it. “Not happening.” He responds, then adds, as an afterthought, “Bye.”
“SHEWAHH!” Rosie shouts suddenly in recognition, and John laughs, “Hi Sherlock!” He joins in shouting, “We’re here!”
but I suspect it may also be because her own brother is still so close with Dorian. Now, tonight… I think I last saw Jack at the bar downstairs...”
“Ooooh, you're looking quite delectable tonight, John,” She teased, taking a sip of her vodka, “I might even want a bite,” She smiled and clicked her teeth as she bit the air in a provocative manner.
“Oh Bloody buggering hell, fuck me!” The man screamed as he pushed John out of the way to stand in front of the mirror, not noticing John at all as he inspected his reflection and tried to wipe furiously at his suit with a linen cloth. The man was none other than cousin Leonard. He had spilled a rather large drop of red wine on the left breast of his light sliver suit, just on the pocket below his pink pocket square, and it was visible, very,
,” Greg hears Sally’s voice say out in the hall as she stands with her head pressed near another of their colleagues’. She giggles, “No, pass me that,” she continues in a voice of joyous incredulity as she wrenches the phone from the other person’s hand.
“Sh –“ Sherlock almost says ‘shit’ but quickly covers up, “Sure, John,” He stutters, “I’d be happy to. E. T. A?” He asks.
A few minutes later and Sherlock’s breakfast-for-dinner is ready. John pours a cup of tea for him and places all the food onto a tray to carry over to Sherlock. Best John wake him and make him eat it while it’s warm.
Sherlock smiled at everyone and, having successfully garnered the entire bar's attention, he addressed them all loudly, spreading his his arms out to his sides in an friendly manner telling them, “As I said, there's no need to panic. Everything is under control. The police are handling it, please everyone, just go back to your evening, everything will be okay.”
Sherlock looks bashful under the scrutiny, but he braves it out with another soft little laugh. For a second, just a brief second, his eyes seem to flick to the dancer next to him and John feels an odd sensation in his stomach again – as if it is plummeting further into an empty abyss. Neither the judges nor the hostess seem to notice that very slight little look, but John does and he doesn’t hear the answer Sherlock gives the judges in reply, because as Sherlock speaks John finally gets a good look at Iris’ face. He stares at it on the screen, having followed that small barely-there glance. The blonde woman standing next to Sherlock, John knows now where he’s seen her before, because while her hair colour may be different and she appears to be wearing coloured contacts there is no mistaking that all-knowing smirk. That woman isn’t named Iris Zaputannym. That woman next to Sherlock Holmes, the one that has been dancing with Sherlock this whole time, touching him, caressing him, smiling and laughing with him for what looks like months now, is none other than Irene Adler.
“‘Sentiment is a chemical defect found on the losing side.’” Sherlock quotes himself, knowing John will have no idea what he’s talking about (since he wasn’t there at the time he spoke those words to Irene), “having said that... mummi seemed to enjoy it and I... well. I cared for mummi so I watched it with her.
Sherlock chuckles sadly again, “Well, John, there’s the minor setback of me being a homosexual man rather than a heterosexual woman. For a while I’d hoped... well, I'd hoped that it wouldn't be an issue, but I was wrong. My hopes and my sentiment - they blinded me. Still blind me to this day in fact, when it comes to him. I see meaning in things where I shouldn’t see meaning at all. It makes things... difficult, I never know what he’s thinking. But when I look at all the evidence objectively - all signs point to a hopeless situation. Even despite all we’ve been through together, or perhaps because of it.”
“Oh dears, what a lovely surprise,” the old woman gushed, “Harriet, just look at you! You look absolutely beautiful.”
‘What you didn’t get his name?’ A voice in his mind that sounds suspiciously like John’s asks, ‘Bit not good, Sherlock.’
“John is one of my top doctors, and occasionally doubles as my assistant. Kind of like my right hand.” Mary explained.
XD I know this chapter is super short, it’s because I split it with the next chapter (s) I’m not sure if I’ll be splitting the next one as well most likely I will. You’ll see why. :D in the meantime. Enjoy.
“Oh no! No!” Harry looked panicked for a second then began laughing nervously as she spoke “Not unless it's a veggie sandwich, with you know, a meatless ... veggies in it.”
Rosie watches with interest as John attempts to pick up the tray one handed. He struggles for a full minute when finally she begins to wiggle in annoyance.
John turned, a cocky smile on his face as he attempted to hide how happy he felt looking at himself in that suit, “You think so?” He winked at them both.
We all know what's coming but I don't want to spoil the next chapter for you, even if it's pretty obvious where this is going.
“What?” John asked as Harry squealed, “Oh Yes! I didn't want to believe it until you were here!” She turned to Mary, “This is Mary, my fiancée,”
“I thought you didn’t like Sherlock,” John finally expresses while the program continues on in the background, moving on to the comments of the blonde judge, Darcey.
John looked at the screen as the picture shifter to one of Mary and two young students in a lab, and then to one of harriet screaming at cousin Malcolm, her hand raised in a fist as John and his mother held her back. These were followed by a photograph of Harry looking displeased as she held a crying baby, and one of Harry pushing Redbeard back as he attempted to lick her.
“Hmm, we did. Though you were a little rusty in terms of army knowledge, it seems.” Sherlock teased.
“Mm nothing.” John replies, but he can’t control the slightly husky rasp to his voice, or his flirtatious little smirk as he says, “Just enjoying the moment. You, all quiet like this. It’s rare.”
“Hmmm, your cousin Marie-Georgette... top table, d'you think?” John asked him, passing Sherlock an envelope.
As usual this chapter took an unexpected turn and I’m not sure where to go with this. I’ve got two paths im looking at right now and I dunno which to take. We’ll see how it goes.
Dorian Gray is a musician, according to his page. This appears to be his PR page as it mainly features pictures of album covers and concerts. The first two pictures on the page are of him with a small blonde woman, about his own age dancing on the strictly come dancing stage. He must be one of the other celebrity dancers. John glares at the photo of the young man, for some reason feeling an instant dislike to him. His thumb accidentally taps the ‘stories’ section labeled ‘strictly fun’ and John watches as a video opens up on his phone. The video appears to be at the same club and a voice from behind the camera, presumably Dorian’s, is saying, “Say hello to the fans, Strictly crowd!” The camera pans around in a semicircle from the recorder’s viewpoint, showing a few couples at a bar holding drinks and smiling. Among them, John spots Sherlock and Irene seated together and raising their glass. The video abruptly cuts off to feature a photograph of the boy looking up at the Camera with Sherlock and a dark-haired man with a goatee standing at either side of him, both raising their drinks at the camera. The photograph switches to the one on Sherlock’s page, of the boy with his hand in Sherlock’s shirt, except he’s mostly cropped Irene out of the photo. John frowns at this just as the photograph switches to another video.
Sherlock stays at the top of the stairs for a second, seeming to panic, but in the midst of it all, neither man breaks eye contact with the other.
“What?!” John asked “You're in a club, you can dance here!” He continued, “Besides I don't think Mar–”
He’s about to ask when Irene coolly turns her gaze from John’s, looks at Rosie and says, “Hello… Child,” she seems mildly confused as well.
do. People assume that just because she’s a woman and I am a man that automatically means that we have to be in a romantic relationship, —as if sexual preference goes out the window just because we’re of the ‘opposite gender.’ They assume that just because Irene says she wants to do something with me or
Mycroft sat outside in the waiting area waiting for news on Sherlock's well-being. He'd had a serious over-dose for the first time in a long time again. When he'd arrived at Sherlock's flat in 221b he'd found him shaking on the couch, crouched into a ball and mumbling incoherently. The list was no-where to be seen. It was then that Mycroft had called an ambulance and when it arrived had rushed in the compartment to ride with his little brother to Hospital.
Hey! Remember last chapter? How they were happy (and wet and sweaty)? And and the beginning of this chapter where they were cute and cuddly and adorbs and totally lovey-dovey? Yeah... good times. Gooooood times.
The tea kettle whistled in the kitchen as the water boiled. “I'll get it.” John said, standing and walking into the kitchen to prepare their tea. “So... are you going to tell me why you're youtube-ing serviettes?” He shouted at Sherlock so that he would hear him as he took out the cups, milk and sugar in the kitchen.
Sherlock flared then, “Career?! What career?! Do you think this is what I want to be doing for the rest of my life? That that sort of
“No! It doesn't matter,” John shouted, and pointing towards the restaurant he cried, “I just destroyed my life and I didn't need your help!”
“Still asleep.” Sherlock had lied, not wanting to see the look of pain on John's face again. It would be too soon if he did.
Sherlock and Irene have appeared on the screen immediately beginning a quick jive as the strings of a somewhat country-like guitar plays. They take each other’s hands and come together in a spin, then separate just before a man’s deep and drawling voice begins to sing,
“The love of two true soul mates, Harriet and Mary.” John spoke, his eyes narrowed at his sister as she looked at him, her mouth slightly open in an upset shock.
“Oh I know you're not one for poetry, Mr. Holmes. 'Believing in marriage is like believing in father Christmas', that's what you said, wasn't it?”
The man grins fondly and turns his gaze back on the stage as the judges announce the next dancers, “No, not so much. She’s used to it,” he comments as a gorgeous brunette dancer who goes by the name of Gwendolyn steps on stage along with one of the other celebrities competing against Sherlock, an actor known as Algie Moncrieff.
John laughed a little as the man beneath him began to struggle, “Sherlock, you mad bastard, I don't even want to know why you have those.”
So, naturally, when Sherlock gets a new text from the man congratulating him on his performance, instead of informing Sherlock, Irene keeps the phone to herself. She does this for two reasons. The first is admittedly out of a selfish need to keep Sherlock focused on the case. She can’t have him distracted if he’s to help her find Kate, after all. The second, however, is a little less selfish. Irene truly wants Sherlock to be happy. Their text conversations might be one-sided, and their relationship might be an odd one, but if there’s one thing Irene knows it’s that Sherlock wasn’t wrong that first time they met. She does love him. Sure, her love is much more platonic than she would have at first liked (the sassy twink was a bit of a temptation to willingly play with the other side after all, with his stupid perfect eyes and flawless cheekbones), but it was love nonetheless. She knew, the minute he rescued her in that dessert, that she would love Sherlock Holmes almost as much as she loved Kate until the day she died. Their friendship is important to her, and with that, so is Sherlock’s happiness. With that in mind, she begins to devise a plan to get Sherlock the thing he desires most. Of course, before she does that, she must make dear Doctor Watson stew in his own juices for a little while, at least until she can think of a way to gift wrap him for her friend. In the meantime, however, she and Sherlock have a competition to continue rehearsing for and a case to solve.
“What do you want to know?” John asked not looking at him and tracing slow circles on Sherlock's chest.
“Oh, Sherlock,” Claudia snivels at Sherlock – or at least that’s what Irene is calling it – and the woman comes over and takes him into her arms as if they were close friends, “Come here my darling,” she continues, her soot-covered eyes closing as she holds Sherlock close and croons “I’m so sorry about those results, my dear, really sorry.” She pulls away and hugs Irene next. Irene feels her body twitching with fury and the desire to just toss this woman away from her.
They continue on like this through a few more cheerful songs which John has heard and seen Sherlock dance to on the show — the cha-cha song in Spanish and the Salsa cover of a pop song along with a song the group had danced to for opening night, apparently. A couple of oddly modern pop songs - music John would never think Sherlock listened to came on as well.
. The guy flies into Dorian’s space as if he were some terrifying bird of prey. He matches Dorian’s most scandalous moves step for step and then some. John didn’t think he’d be able to repeat any of the things Jack was doing with his body even if he
“He sent me his records before he -“ and then Sherlock stops because he’s just realized something, “-Wait. John... are you..?”
“Hmm, the hold could be a little stronger,” Sherlock comments somewhat distractedly watching the screen as their other competitors downstairs begin their version of a jive to the tune of Chuck Berry’s ‘Johnny B Goode,’ “but overall, not bad.” he adds, still distracted, “Though I’m happy to see Cecily is starting to come out of her shell… Ah! Good lift!”
When she detracts herself from his legs he kneels down to bow and kiss her little hand, “How do you do?” He asks.
, if she considers his admission to be romantic. It isn’t romantic. His suffering over her isn’t cute. He could die. Sherlock was much more vulnerable a person in heart than he let on. The very idea that he might feel like this, like he needs to get high to escape the pain of missing someone he so dearly loves – it sickens him. As the last notes of the song end, John opens his eyes to see a scene of the woman sitting on the coffee table looking back on Sherlock, who lies again on the couch in the same position he had started the song in. John feels involuntary tears in his eyes.
John feels his eyes go hooded at the sensation. He lets his body answer Sherlock’s question as he begins to allow his inhibitions to just drain away with every jerk of Sherlock’s hips against him. He lets that sweet warmth run over him, making his back tingle and his body shiver in ecstasy.
Rosie comically tries to pick up one of Sherlock’s hands from his chest where he’s resting them and screeches with joy, “No Sherrock! No! We have to stand up!”
When John stopped at the end of the hall watching as Archie cleaned the living room Harry spoke quickly, “He was bored and asked me what I thought he should do.”
“I see,” Sherlock said then added sarcastically, “And this... this is the turkey-shaped umbrella holder that will hold all of Mary's umbrellas!” He smirked at John.
Len smiled grimly at that then quickly turned back to the mirror, his expression falling again when looking at the stain, “What am I going to do? She's going to be here any minute! What the fffffuuuuuuudge brownies...” (Len caught himself before cursing again) “am I going to do?”
heheheh) because it's one of those quick and dirty fucks like Jane and Kevin's sexy car moment, so that was intentional. I swear it wasn't me trying to get it over with. I really hope you guys weren't expecting a cutey fluffy romantic adorable scene of cuteness for the sexy because I did
“No!” John dashed forward to shut the door as Sherlock lunged for them at the same time. They both reached them on time and the men struggled, one trying to close the door and the other attempting to keep it open.
“Hmm...” John gave Harry a knowing look and put his arm around her, “Come on I parked in P9” he said, letting the man continue to carry Harry's luggage. Harry giggled and followed John along, gesturing the man to follow.
Once he has, John nods and Sherlock goes on, “We entered strictly come dancing because Irene had heard a rumor about some companies being owned by a Hal Ward that might have a hand in producing the show. We looked into them more closely once we were actually entered in the competition but so far we can’t seem to find if Hallward is even real.” Sherlock leans back, putting down his eating utensils for a moment and running a hand through his artfully styled curls, messing them up a bit in frustration, “Irene basically bribed a real professional dancer to allow her to assume her identity for this and then blackmailed some people to get her on. Getting me on was slightly less difficult. She apparently only needed to make a suggestion to the right person.”
Sherlock wracks his brain for what to say when a thought occurs to him, “You asked Henry to text me when I got here, did you?” He questions, walking the line between sounding as curious and pleased as he’s able to.
’ — yeah I saw it.” Greg recalls the bottle that he’d spotted nestled amongst an assortment of beauty products in various states of consumption when he’d gone to use the loo as he’d waited for the rest of them to get prettied up for the party.
John turned to look and couldn't help the amused smile on his face as he registered who it was. Standing there in the doorway was none other than William Scott smiling in his long Belstaf coat and blue scarf as he clapped, his eyes completely focused on John.
Mycroft stood then, his anger flaring, “Doctor John Watson is a soldier, he's handled much worse than this little debacle. You asked me to give you a feature story, I gave it to you. You asked me to give you Anderson's story. I gave that to you also, but you went against your word and got involved with the Police's work. Sherlock, not only does the murderer get a chance to go free if it gets out that you were the mysterious DI Scott, but I run the risk of losing this entire paper due to
” Sherlock and Irene expertly maneuver around a set that is styled like a country bar. Sherlock is dressed in the red shirt from the photograph on the social media page and the black suspenders. His hair is slicked back with gel and his trousers appear to be made of leather, though they must be of a more pliable material since he appears to be dancing to the quick rhythm with ease. Irene is dressed in a poodle skirt, a plaid top and a hairband, her temporarily blonde hair up in a high fifties-style ponytail. Together they look like they’ve stepped out of an old soda-pop bar located in some American countryside.
They watch as the teams currently “battling” begin to come away from each other at the tail end of their song, making room for the next challenging teams of people to step forward as the beat of the next song is mixed in. John spots Gladys as she detaches herself from the men who are stood on either side of her. She steps forward just as Algernon unwraps his arm from around John’s shoulder and a loud steady beat begins.
There’s a slight pause of anticipation before Tess finally announces Sherlock’s partner for the competition, a Miss ‘Iris Zaputannym’ - John thinks it’s rather an odd name and very distinctly foreign. The woman, Iris, is petite in figure, pale with short blonde hair and hazel eyes.  John doesn’t get too much of a good look at the rest of her features as she squeals and jumps for joy at hearing she’s been paired with Sherlock. The woman practically sprints into Sherlock’s waiting open arms and buries her face in his neck as he catches her in a tight embrace, lifting her off the ground as she kicks her legs up behind her, still squealing. Sherlock, for his part, is smiling broadly and his thin long-fingered hands are splayed across her back as he drags himself slowly away from her in a way that can only be described as hesitant. The woman clings to his side, her smile as broad as Sherlock’s as she rocks against him, holding him close, almost like an old friend. John frowns at the image as the video cuts off, ending abruptly.
Finally John had seen the cab start to slow down and he slowed down too. It pulled over by the side of the road. John couldn't see too well with the lack of light so he'd no idea where they were, but he stopped too hoping his gut was right. His suspicions were proved right as just then, the car door was opened and a man stepped out of the passenger's side. A tall thin man in a long black coat, followed by a shorter man of average build, holding a gun out and a torch.
“What? The man said up! It's up!” Irene complained as she opened the door to her car and John did the same on the other side.
“Major Jake Melas, who's he?” Sherlock pointed out the name, his head tilted in John's general direction.
“And I want passgettsies!” Rosie bursts out happily from her seat and raises a crayon in the air for attention.
“I love her the same way I love Irene.” Sherlock continues, pushing through John’s thoughts, “Don’t you see?”
“Fuck,” John whispers, his forehead pressed against Sherlock’s for a second time this evening. He pants into Sherlock’s mouth as the other man first presses a finger against the tip of his cock, teasing him and then begins to stroke it slowly and deliberately, his long nimble fingers wrapped securely around it in a perfect ring. “My god,” John gasps while Sherlock jerks him in that same slow pace.
Sherlock nodded even though John was no longer looking at him and was instead engrossed in the task of picking up a few ties.
Tony makes sure to write the order down so Rosie can see, saying through a stifled smile, “Three meatballs and spaghetti it is. Thank you, Miss Watson.”
Anyway I’m going to go now because if I keep talking to myself people are going to think I’m crazy. I hope you enjoyed the story. :)
He once again lifts his drink in the air to cover for the fact he doesn’t much feel like smiling brightly with them all. Dorian seems satisfied though, as he instantly posts the photo online to his private social media account. “Can’t share much on the public one because of the Strictly contract, but I think i might take a few pictures for the official PR page later,” he says, by way of explanation when he catches Sherlock looking, then, putting the phone away and his empty glass by the bar adds, “Do you want to dance?”
“Quite.” Sherlock stated, inspecting her ring, removing it and putting it back. He looked at the rest of the jewelry closely as well, but didn't remove it. John and Dimock stared at Sherlock in silence. The storm raged on around them, the water continuing to fall heavily over the men and the body.
“Mmm, agreed, we need more evidence. Dimock, I suggest you take a closer look at the body with those who are doing the autopsy when they arrive. John and I will go back to the pub on your motorcycle and ask around. Normally I'd ask you to come because people might be more apt to open up to someone they know but considering the size of town and your connections with each other I think it best if an impartial person asks the questions. We'll take a radio with us so we can communicate. Neither my nor John's mobile's are in working order and I'm guessing it's the same for you. You can radio us anything you find.”
Sherlock attempts to protest but Irene silences him with a quelling stare. He’s not afraid of her. He could take the phone if he wanted to, and break several of her delicate bones in the process, but he won’t. She’s crazy, but aside from John, Molly and Greg, she’s one of his favourite people. He sighs and lies down mumbling, “Fine. One thing.
John sighed and said to her as he faced her again, his face contorted in disappointment, “Harry, you can't undo what you've just done, but I won't let you hurt Mary. She thinks she knows the truth about you, but all she knows are the lies you've told her, you even had Archie keep a secret from her. You tell her the truth
John tilts his head at Sherlock’s comment, “That’s a little disturbing to think about, actually... Irene would ruin her,” he says, then asks “— but wait, you’re really not seeing her then, like at all? Irene, I mean.”
Never the less Sherlock seemed disappointed to hear John's discomfort, “Would you like to book a room at the inn? Stay indoors and maybe go to sleep while I figure this out?” He asked, as he started the bike's engine.
“There was a little village a few kilometres back... I could... go back...? Perhaps see if I can get to a telephone?” He offered.
John leans back to join him, his hand slipping back away from Sherlock again, “Sorry.” He looks at Sherlock with a grin, “I suppose I was just curious about who it is. I mean there’s only so many straight blokes that I can think of and out of all of them Greg is the only one that makes any sense.”
Sherlock turned back around and plastered on his usual look of cocky superiority. He couldn't help see John's face fall as he spotted him.
Sherlock walked into the offices of the London Journal, hot coffee in his hands and a new story already in his head. He'd hardly been able to sleep last night and had spent most of the evening deciphering and copying John Watson's schedule into his phone while making various notes and deductions about him from what he'd written in his journal. He felt like he held John's very life in his hands, and that was definitely more interesting than any of the stories he'd had to work on recently.
I remember him. Not a night you forget too easy. When I remembered him I remembered you. I knew it couldn't be a coincidence. You in my cab that night and you here today. You were just as arrogant then. And equally as theatrical.”
The room gave an audible “awwww.” John mentally rolled his eyes as he continued reading, “Since a picture is worth a thousand words, I have now put together a slide-show so you could all see for yourselves.”
He asks himself mentally. He feels suddenly foolish for dressing himself up. He hadn’t planned on it at first but he hadn’t been able to help it. After he’d finally gotten to shower (Rosie had been napping on a blanket in her playpen in his bedroom) he’d found himself seeking out his shaving kit, his cologne and his most flattering outfit. He’d even put a bit of product in his hair.
Angelo greets them at the door with his usual booming hello and a great big hug for Sherlock. “My friend, it’s so good to see you back again!” He cries, “I was happy to get your call and I’ve set your table up for you just as you asked!”
John looks from Sherlock to the other men for clarification, an amused yet concerned look in his eye, “The wolves?” John questions.
That day John had woken up and put on his twenty-eight tux, and he went to a wedding where no one asked him to calm down the groom, or fold a place card, or to hold their jacket while they vomited into a toilet. Everything was perfect, but John wouldn't have cared if it hadn't been. The only thing that mattered to him was that in that moment, Sherlock was looking at him the way he'd always hoped.
Molly clears her throat pointedly while Irene brings her newspaper down just to raise a brow at him. Sherlock feels his ears burn with his blush and tries to cough it away, “Yes, well, um, that’s nice Rosie. I promise to call him soon, does that sound alright with you?”
Mary joined in his laughter, “Nice touch,” She said, “Alright, look, I'm going to go to the bar and grab a couple of drinks, you need want anything? A little liquid courage? Maybe something a little stronger for you” Mary said, looking at Irene.
Harriet made a show of looking chastised, “Actually... it just depends on how a few things pan out.”
Sherlock slams the door closed in embarrassment. His face feels like it’s on fire and he almost trips on his way back to the living room. Why, that nosy old harpy -! He can hear her laughing from here! …Although… he supposes that the idea isn’t one that he’s averse to…
The man “Hmms,”, turning his attention to the dancers, “Beautiful, aren’t they?” he comments as a young blonde couple dance jauntily to a rock and roll song. They’re doing quite well, in Molly’s opinion, though admittedly, Molly hasn’t been paying that much attention. She claps along with the audience as the couple ends their number with an impressive lift.
When Sherlock returns they settle onto the carpet to entertain Rosie. She coos and laughs happily at the attention being showered on her. They spend the entire afternoon entertaining her, and as the evening wears on Sherlock's dark mood seems to wane. After a few hours, when she gets visibly sleepy, and John appears to have grown tired, Sherlock orders John a take-away and moves to the sofa to read Rosie a bed-time story until she falls asleep. John's heart feels full at the sight of them, as it always done. Sherlock is so perfect with her. After John eats he removes the sleeping baby from Sherlock’s arms and places her upstairs in her crib. He comes back down after setting up the baby monitor and finds that Sherlock has turned down the lights and put on the telly. He’s curled up by the arm rest with a blanket watching an old black-and-white film.
John sits out in the living room with Rosie, having collected a few toys for her from upstairs when Sherlock passes by on his way to the kitchen with his now mostly empty tray of food and a slice of the left over bacon in his mouth. Something about the way Sherlock saunters into the room, with a slightly grouchy expression makes John so very tempted to stand up and eat it right out of his mouth, if only to shock the visible irritation out of him. He of course doesn’t do it, mainly because the moment he thinks of doing it he recalls that he’d found Sherlock, just this morning, naked and debauched and wrapped around someone else’s body, sleeping contentedly. John turns his face away so Sherlock won’t catch a glimpse of the dark flash of jealousy that John is sure passes over his features. Because that is what it is: jealousy, pure barely-restrained jealousy. (‘
This one is going to be posted sooner than I thought. Just a warning - erm don’t expect this all the time? I’m terrible with keeping a schedule for posting but I’ll do my best. As usual, no beta or Brit-picker.
John jumps slightly, but smirks as he turns around, “Hello, Detective Sherlock Holmes,” he greets as he turns around to fully appreciate the sight of Sherlock’s naked and soon to be wet body. He lets his eyes bore every bit of heat he’s feeling for the man into those observant grey irises.
John sighs, “Fine, you’re right. And I want to avoid Mrs. Hudson’s smug look of approval as much as possible as well.” He pinches Sherlock’s ass, eliciting a slight yip from the (consulting) detective adding, “I blame you for that by the way, with your loud screaming.”
“She’s been as insufferable as the lot of you. Thanks for that, by the way, Craig, Bruno. I do hope you enjoy my performance this week as I’ve made it just a touch more personal, which I hope everyone will appreciate.”
“They have the best cocktails, you really have to try them!” Dorian says excitedly as the push towards the bar.
Sherlock had calmed himself. His next words had been spoken quietly and very gently, “Irene, if this is going to work, if we’re really going to work on this case together, but most importantly if you really need my help, you need to let me in. You need to trust me.”
Suddenly the door slammed open and lightning flashed through the window of the bar. A woman came in from the rain, screaming, “She's dead! She's dead! She's out there and she's dead!” The pub went silent. For a second only the music was heard in the background along with the rain. The woman fell to her knees at the door and broke down into tears.
Sherlock frowns at the action, “You aren’t leaving already, are you?” He asks, a sad look on his face.
“Which one is Dorian again?” Lestrade asks from his position on the couch. He’s going through his phone and studying the pictures of the competitors that Irene has provided him with.
“He wasn’t famous back then, though he’s always had money, I suppose,” Sherlock says, shrugging one shoulder, “We think it might have something to do with Dorian’s conservative grandfather, considering his varied sexual preferences, I suspect the old man may have cut Dorian off for a period of time. The point is – we think Henry might have been trying to keep Hallward and Gray apart and if Francis died mysteriously- well maybe he knew something about it?”
John grins at her, “It’s no worries. Looks entertaining.” Then, because he’s not quite sure what else to say he asks, “So who’s winning?”
Everyone in the room seemed to smile as they settled to watch and a cheery song rang out in the background.
Jack pats him on the back and leans close so John will hear him, “I’m a professional — Gladys and Algy are both actors. Algy has potential but he’s almost too confident. Gladys is okay but she’s still got a lot to learn. Do you dance at all Doctor Watson?”
Sherlock Holmes.” The cabby said, clapping. “Very good, very enlightening. I suppose it's only fair. You've won... so you get to choose your bottle.” The cabby laughed and put hands behind his back, mixing the bottles up in his hands, he then put both hands forward in fists. “Time to pick your poison.”
Carter hesitated. “This is a small village, Mr. Scott. Not very many people around in the first place, you either you get along or you live a life of awkward encounters.”
Mycroft turned his eyes on her and regarded her coldly. “I want this man out of my sight. I don't want him anywhere near William Holmes. And if I find out one of you has put him in contact with my little brother before I see him, I'll have this place burned to the ground,” He threatened, and stormed over to the seat where he'd left his umbrella. He removed his coat and tossed it haphazardly aside, taking a deep intake of breath and placing his head in his hands. His shoulders shook in an apparent shiver.
He flipped the page to find William Scott written in sharpie rendering the writing in blue pen beneath it even more illegible than it was before. John turned the page again. Saturday: William Scott, and the next, William Scott, again, William Scott, William Scott, every bloody saturday for the rest of the fucking year.
“Yes. Heart-shaped, obviously only a romantic could own such an item. The woman in the picture looks young, and bears resemblance to you, but obviously this is a much older photograph. It's in black and white and though she looks like you, she also looks like your sister, but not like both of you for similar reasons. So mother of both and confirming that the woman I saw in the photograph was indeed your sister.
Before Sherlock can turn around to check behind him an arm sneaks around his midriff and Gray slips into his side like a curly-haired blond snake. The boy leans into Sherlock like he thinks he owns him. John wants to grab him by his scrawny girlish neck and tear him away. He doesn’t — but it’s a near thing.
lift his shirt. He flips his wild curls and stretches his neck while he writhes, hips moving obscenely. The kid has
They dissolved into another fit of giggles as they leaned against the wall. Eventually Sherlock turned to John, an serious expression on his face as he said, “John...”
“Oh Thank god you're here!” One of the groomsmen exhaled, grabbing John and turning John around to face him “Mike is freaking out about the wedding,” (
“Well lads, show's over for now. Do me a favour and pack up this beast while I get myself ready to bring this over, yeah?” John removed the jacket first and extended it towards them.
John found himself waking to the vague figure of a blurry pale face with a mop of dark curls. The man above him changed shape from a blur to a handsome ethereal figure with high cheekbones, beautiful green eyes and perfect plump cupid's bow lips. He seemed to be saying something. He also wore a frown on his face as John's eyes focused on him. John stared, confused, when two bridesmaids appeared behind the man. Oh, right, Bill's wedding. What had ...?
“Gentlemen,” Algernon greets with a charming smile, “Is this fresh meat I spy?” He says gesturing at John with his glass.
“With a gun to their back? Why would they take a poison which could potentially take ages, as opposed to a bullet in the head? Quick, easy, relatively painless. I'd rather the gun.”
He looked round the room and took in all the flowers in vases, Harriet's from Mary, and all the wedding plans strewn across the table.
“Wow, Doctor, getting a bit irritated, aren't we? Why don't you take a deep breath through the nose and try to calm down?”
asking after you,” he winks, mock-whispering conspiratorially, “I’ll let you have a drink or two before I text him to come up and fetch you. I know he can be a handful, with his virile youthful energy keeping him so full of life.”
And that makes Sherlock roll his eyes fondly. He reaches a long arm over the back of the sofa, where Sherlock's phone is sitting precariously, and scrolls swiftly through his messages. He pulls up the last one he got from Irene and shows it to John.
Both Judges look at Sherlock with a glint in their eye as they say, in eerie unison, “Dear, sweet Sherlock, who is the wicked lady that has broken your heart?”
“Perfect, John, that's why I keep you around, I mean who else will finish my sentences?” Mary laughed making her way out of the office, John trailing behind her.
“Technically this isn't my territory, so technically I shouldn't even be working this case,” Sherlock winked, “I just like to help. Besides, your DI Dimock only sent me here to have a look upstairs and do some interviews, which we've already done. We wrote notes for him, see?” Sherlock smiled, dangling the notebook as he took a seat at the bar, “Three fingers,” He said.
John blushes shaking away the look of deep concentration he’d had just moments ago, “Ah, er- Greg told me to watch it–” he lies (though technically Greg had told him to watch it, just… days ago), “Says there’s something I should see,” (also John hasn’t told his new paramour that Sherlock is on the show and he doesn’t quite know how to break it to her).
Sherlock's voice rand out in his head as John flicked his eyes over to the closet stuffed with suits. He hesitated a moment while he brushed, letting the words circle over and over in his mind. Finally he rushed into the bathroom, rinsed out his mouth thoroughly and without another thought briskly made his way into the kitchen. He took a few large garbage bags and went back to the closet. He began ripping the suits out of their hangers and chucking them onto the floor. When he was done getting them all out he scrunched each costume up and stuffed them all into the bags. It was almost an hour later when the phone rang as he tied the last bag together with a sense of finality.
“Really? Which part? The forced merriment? The horrible music or the bad food? Perhaps it's the pointless celebration of all that is false? The irrational sentimentality in this ailing and morally compromised world? The honouring of the deathwatch that is the doom of our society and in time, certainly, our entire species?”
“Yes, yeah, she's gorgeous, she'll look lovely in the dress. You know, I don't have that many girlfriends other than, you know, my actual girlfriends. For some reason girls just don't like me. I don't know why.”
“I agree completely! Oh fabulous! You truly did show us something personal tonight eh? We’re so happy to discover your romantic side, Sherlock, truly we are. We’re glad to have you share your – oh – your longing and love! Whoever that lucky person in your life is, I hope they deserve you,” the accented Bruno comments.
Sherlock grinned, stopping his wriggling and grabbing the bottle. “Got condoms too,” He said, his voice barely a ragged whisper. He squirted some lube on his hand and reached behind him again, groaning.
where that again without the situation being terribly offensive?” Sherlock asked, snapping one more photo.
“Oh shut-up,” Sherlock admonishes them. John and Greg laugh, which only serves to annoy Sherlock more. “I hate you both,” Sherlock mutters.
John smacked him softly on the chest, cuddling back down and blushing, “Yeah okay, shut-up I get it. I just wanted you to know, alright?”
“I don't know, do I?!” Mycroft thundered, “Why do you think I asked that nurse to go check on my brother? For the fun of it? Dear, god what in the hell does he see in you?”
John’s grip on him loosens then and he lets Sherlock go only to grip his waist and flip him around to face John again. He grabs Sherlock’s hands and pushes him in a clumsy cha-cha step, attempting to copy the motions Sherlock had made in one of the first videos John had seen him dance. Just as the chorus of the current song picks up he spins Sherlock as he had done in the living room. This time though, Sherlock spins quickly and smoothly, without the hindrance of holding a baby in his arms, and having to be careful, keeping him from being graceful. He pulls himself back in and crashes face-forward into John, who laughs and takes Sherlock’s hands again. Sherlock leads him in a few steps back before allowing John to spin him again. John grips Sherlock’s hips again when they come together. This time while they dance, John still keeps Sherlock’s hips at a distance from his own, but his thumbs move up to graze beneath Sherlock’s loosened top, touching just a bit of skin and making Sherlock shiver. Behind him, Sherlock feels Gladys and Dorian coming in closer. He’s guessing it’s about time to end the dance as a team, though he is feeling reluctant to let go of John, case be damned. He spots Algernon and Jack cheering John on from their side, also coming together to join him. Sherlock doesn’t really want it to be over, but he allows the slight tug from his teammates to pull him away from John anyway, knowing Irene wouldn’t forgive him if he put the case in jeopardy. Algernon and Jack surprise Sherlock, however, and instead of the teams dancing against each other, each of the opposing men takes ahold of one of Sherlock’s team members. Sherlock sees Dorian’s eyes widen at the choice as well, because they know that the moment John had chosen to touch Sherlock, he had broken one of the few strictly-after-party-dance-battle rules – don’t touch the opposing team member. While it would have been alright for John to do it, since he didn’t know the rules, Algernon and Jack did. By choosing to grab onto Sherlock’s teammates they had forfeited the battle to Dorian’s team.
John’s comment makes Sherlock chuckle, bringing forth a purely contented sound from low in his throat as he agrees, “Yes, ridiculously so.”
“What? Was that an odd thing to say?” Dorian asks, looking up at Sherlock from under his lashes, his head almost resting on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Of course it's a set up. Someone is dressing this up to make it look like one of the suicides... the question is, who could possibly know enough about them to be able to disguise them so well? The police haven't released that much information on how it's being done to the general public.”
A few minutes later Sherlock sat on the couch going through the photos in his phone as John returned from the kitchen with a glass of water still wearing half of a garish pink 70's styled suit. “27 suits, John. You've got to be joking. I don't understand. You do the thing, you have the suit – just throw it out, this is a small flat – no offence – but you just
Harry grinned, “Well, technically Marion did,” she said, pointing at the scraps that the seamstress had brought in. Seeing the expression of hurt confusion on John's face she added, “Oh! But don't worry, we saved you the rest! And, I mean, If you want, and if you marry a woman, your wife could always wear this, as long as the silhouette's still in style, of course.”
Rosie puts on a thoughtful expression, “Hmmm,” she ponders, then after a second, nods decisively, “I want spasgettsies.”
John watches them fondly, his heart filling up with warmth at the tender sight. “She’ll get it right eventually.” He says, and when Sherlock turns to look at him, still smiling, “Thanks again for this, Sherlock.” He hesitates, “and um... sorry about the client.”
John was blushing and laughing while looking at Mary as if she was the only thing in the world that mattered. In that moment Sherlock understood everything; Why John had rejected him, why he'd called him, why he'd been so stressed about planning the wedding... and why he never seemed at all happy for his sister. And... by the way John was looking at Mary... he still had hope.
“No it's a fact. I've been told on several occasions... you want to er... come too John?” Mary asked, finally looking at him.
After all the production and filming is over for the evening Sherlock tries to escape from having to interact with the other competitors for the late-night plans. Unfortunately for him, Irene is relentless and so, apparently, is young Dorian. They end up going to some kind of exclusive nightclub that, Sherlock is told, Dorian and Algernon frequent on a regular basis. Sherlock isn’t too pleased with the company he’s being forced to keep, all because of Irene’s manipulative whining. He’s especially upset because this has nothing to do with their investigation. He knows Irene texted Molly before going out asking her if she wanted to come, and is feeling slightly betrayed as molly had replied that she was tired and didn’t want to join them.
Irene takes Sherlock’s phone while he showers that evening (before his ‘not-a-date’) with the intention to read through Sherlock’s texts from earlier. She’s been rather curious since she hasn’t had a chance to see them and she knows Sherlock won’t mind. Today, they had been rehearsing and filming along with the rest of the dancers, preparing for the upcoming group dance. During the morning break, however, Sherlock had been engrossed in his phone. Whenever someone had asked him a question he would hide it immediately and ask for the question or comment directed at him to be repeated. Irene had some idea of who he’d been texting and so had done her best to distract the vultures that surrounded them. She had also made sure no camera could come near him.
“John, I would let go of me now!” Sherlock shouted, panicking more obviously now as the car made a loud screeching noise.
On that note, I feel I should warn that Sherlock, John, Irene, Molly and yes, the Wildean characters, are all a bit OOC in many parts but in my defense, I'm also writing a completely unrealistic scenario of Sherlock being invited onto Strictly comes dancing so like... gimme a break. Also, I've never actually watched Strictly I just know it's similar to Dancing with the Stars (which I've also never seen HAHAHAHA) but I knew it was a thing and I really wanted to write it so... here you are. I'm sorry if I messed it up but also I'm not that sorry, sorry.
Greg watches, still a bit stunned as Sherlock twists and turn to a Latin beat with the same blonde woman from the video he’d been watching a minute ago. “No kidding…” Greg answers, smiling broadly, “Look at that! I had no idea he could be so…”
Sherlock’s expression goes from playful to concerned as John’s eyes leave his as if he seems to shut down before him. He opens his mouth to ask what’s wrong but he’s interrupted by Rosie who suddenly says, holding up one of the sheets of paper the waiter had brought her:
“If you’ll excuse me gentlemen,” Algernon says, in a gentlemanly voice, putting down his glass and grinning viciously at the giggling young man behind Sherlock, “I have a lesson to teach to an insolent little twerp!” That’s all the warning Sherlock gets before he’s shoved aside closer to John, who holds a hand out to steady him. His drink splashes some liquid onto Sherlock but John doesn’t have time to feel guilty as they watch Algernon chase after Dorian. The boy runs away towards the stairs, presumably to lose him, squealing, “No! Algy, no! I’m sorry! I shall fetch Ceci for you – just please, not the face! Not the
Sherlock laughs harder at the reminder of that conversation and replies seductively, “And you invaded Afghanistan.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and spoke into his recording device, “He's slightly delusional and will believe anything he's told.”
shouldn’t be thinking about this, but also because it was inappropriate on so many other levels. He knew exactly who he was thinking about when those images rolled into his mind, and it most certainly is not a good thing that he thinks of this person that way.
Sherlock’s eyes shift a little uncomfortably and he seems to blush as he says, “I don’t know, I was never any good at remembering your —” then he stops abruptly and just adds, as an afterthought, “I think it’s her face.”
John looks at her with an amused raised brow, “What?” He asks, confused by her answer. Had she just said
John laughed and made to grab her luggage, “Wow, when did you start travelling so light?” John asked as he felt the lightness of the small pack in her hands.
“Speaking of my brother, don't you two have work to do? Please, do go away.” Sherlock shooed them with his hand and began typing on his computer. Greg and Molly glanced at each other then walked silently, yet petulantly back to their own desks.
“I’m using this because you understand this. It’s easier to understand each other, don’t you think?” She tells him one day, when Sherlock goes to visit her alone rather than with the family. It doesn’t happen often, him seeing her alone, as Mycroft is still worried she might decide she still wants Sherlock dead. To be fair to him the sentiment is valid because on the same day Eurus has said that she had also said, “You’re teaching me as much as I’m teaching you. We’re learning together. That’s funny isn’t it? I have a funny feeling inside me when you’re here. It’s warm and soft like you - like your insides. Sometimes when you come here, I itch all over and I just want to tear you apart and crawl inside your skin while you’re still warm.”
The other catches them easily but answers in disbelief, “What, like right now? And just what am I supposed to do with
They both stare at the television in silence for another minute, neither one truly paying attention anymore. The silence of their voices in 221B tonight is charged with energy, and it feels like it’s leaking out of its confines by the second, sinking its claws over the soft story on the screen and firing a new bolt of lightning at every word that John and Sherlock dare to speak.
Sherlock grins and turns slightly to look in Irene’s direction. His smile grows from content to tender as she catches his eye and waves at him laughing before she turns to a woman beside her and kisses her full-on the mouth. Sherlock shakes his head and turns back towards his friends.
“Oh that's right, you were off eating coconut cake and dancing with pretty girls, such a burden!” She said in a rare event of quiet sarcasm, “So, how was it?”
John just sat there tuning out her harpy-like noises as he tried very hard not to think about how happy he'd felt in Sherlock's arms this morning, how perfect and real everything had seemed last night. How exciting the case had felt. How alive he'd thought he was in those moments with him. This was a nightmare, a stupid horrible nightmare.
He feels himself begin to blush brightly, but adds nothing to the message because he feels that if he does he’ll probably be digging himself deeper into the metaphorical ground.
Sherlock’s look of incredulity at John’s question would be funny if it didn’t make John feel quite so stupid for asking, “That’s what you get out of this?”
“So what,” he asks, “you want to interrogate Henry’s friends until we find out something about Basil?”
She’s fine, of course, and between her and Algernon, little Cecily is being sandwiched into a dance that Sherlock can only call indecent
Mrs. Laurinston smiled at Sherlock and John and began to tell them all that she knew, explaining that she had been asleep when her neighbour had woken her by banging on the door screaming. When she'd looked outside there was the body, lying face-down in her rose bushes. She told them she had sent the neighbour to get help because the phones weren't working.
John smiles again and finally turns away. He climbs down the steps quickly and rushes out of 221 Baker Street as fast as he can. That moment had already gone on for way too long and that feeling at the pit of his stomach was still bothering him. ‘Sherlock has a boyfriend.’ His mind supplied to him. ‘Sherlock has a boyfriend and last night was his first time sleeping with him,’ and why the hell did that thought suddenly make John so fucking angry?
I saw what you did in that room and John I thought you were brilliant. Was it a moment of absolute madness? Yes, it was a bit, but you did
That's it. I'm done. Fiiiiiinito. *bows* Thank you, thank you it's been a pleasure plagiarizing 90% of a movie for you and then 5% of BBC Sherlock while adding Johnlock.
John thinks over their previous conversation as he watches them together. So, he’d been right, after all. Sherlock really was on a case, and despite what he claimed about his odd relationship with Irene, he’d still chosen not to include John. He frowns slightly at this and is about to ask about it but Sherlock clears his throat and begins speaking first.
“Sherlock!” John shouted, the instant relief in his voice obvious, and his head turned slightly so he could look back, his body remaining in firm control over the man face down in the ground, “You're sure you're al-”
the Doctor would find his prostate in no time. God, Sherlock had fantasized about that enough times. He squirms in John’s grip and cries out a soft “Fuck,” Before he sinks back down again. John rumbles his approval from below and keeps on licking and stretching him open. The teasing touch drives him mad. The soft wet muscle of John's tongue fucking him is simply fantastic. He knows his body is perfectly relaxed with the pleasure of it all. God, John's tongue! Where did he learn to do this?
John looks away from Sherlock and manages to catch a glimpse of Josh exiting the back of the restaurant. Their eyes meet and John glares at the man. The poor waiter returns to the back guiltily with the look of a deer caught in headlights.
John is in a flurry of pleasure at Sherlock's reactions to his every touch. The man is so demanding and confident about what he wants, it's intoxicating. John supposes it's because Sherlock has waited long enough for this... And god the guilt over his own stupidity just makes him want to please him more. John strokes Sherlock more firmly, pushes himself in deeper and harder. He writhes into Sherlock with a purpose and a warm glow grows stronger in his chest at every instance in which Sherlock repeats his name in those soft breathy groans. He grins at Sherlock's incoherent pleas of "Yes! Yes, yes!" and "More, more, more - Harder,
“Oh he’s the easiest to remember, Detective Inspector Lestrade, he’ll be the blond curly-haired twink clinging to Sherlock,” Irene provides.
“Hello, darling.” He answers her as he picks her up and sits on the floor to play with her. Sherlock never uses pet names for her when John is around. He doesn’t know what’s socially acceptable behavior with a friend’s baby, but he certainly knows that he loves this child as much as he would love one if it were his own. At first, he’d been worried that she’d be a constant reminder of John’s resolute heterosexuality, but as the time had passed by she’d grown on him. She wasn’t a reminder of something Sherlock could never have so much as she was an example of something he could, if he wanted to. And she was so small and so innocent and so defenseless... Sherlock had to love her. It was inevitable that he would. She was a part of John with no previous impression of him and he was free to shower her with a fatherly affection he never thought he’d feel. This was a Watson he could kiss, love and hold freely without anyone questioning his reasons. She was a baby, after all, and who didn't love babies. Rosie was perfect, in every sense of the word.
“Harry, may I have your hat please?” He asked, already reaching for it as Len paid no attention to them, attempting (with no luck) to remove the horrid red stain.
When they were out of earshot Irene addressed John, “Hey would you like to join us at my place before the party? Some of the other nurses are coming over and they're bringing tequila and stethoscopes.” She winked.
“You've got it.” John answered and turned them over, never disconnecting their bodies as he continued plunging in and out of Sherlock when he lay him on his back. As soon as he had Sherlock where he wanted him John pulled back as far as he could without pulling himself completely out and then snapped his hips forwards, quick and hard and dirty. Sherlock was no longer making any sense. He just laid there squirming and covering his eyes with a forearm while shouting obscenities into the air, every other word being “John!”
“Yes. The best.” Rosie answers, becoming distracted with a loose string on the lapel of John’s robe.
It was an absolutely gorgeous day as Harry and John walked through Hyde Park running through the wedding plans and preparations, “So, you went by the flower shop,”
to be a reason for it, hasn’t there? Sherlock doesn’t normally concern himself with this sort of stuff, so what’s he doing here? What sort of scheme benefits from him grinning with false cheer in front of millions of people?
Sherlock smirks in return, a little more awake now. To John’s surprise he doesn’t argue, instead he responds with the word: “Touché,” and reaches for the tea, sipping lightly, then picks up some toast and chews, his other hand wrapped around an extremely cuddly Rosie.
“Do you know that the only reason he entered this competition was to meet Cecily? He saw her dance on stage last year and he was completely fascinated with her. Oh, he would go on for days about the beauty of her hair — the strength in her small frame — her grace — her eyes — why, there was not a thing about her that he did not love. Dorian has always been like that. Many years ago, when he was only about… oh, twenty years, he fell in love with a singing actress. He almost married her, in fact. She was a pretty little thing. Just around his own age, I think, if not younger, but from one night to the other he’d decided he no longer loved her. She’d disappointed him in some way. I can’t quite remember if it was the horrible singing or the terrible acting that made him change his mind about her. What I do remember are the dramatics. Oh, how he wailed on about how falsely love had made him see her. And then, of course, the poor girl attempted suicide. I hear she went quite mad after that. She’s been locked away in a facility for years. Dorian was wracked with grief when he heard about it. Of course, a few weeks later he was falling over his own feet at the sight of a ballet dancer with an exceptionally chiseled jaw and muscular thighs. I never heard him speak another word about his tragic heroine after that. He can be quite dramatic.”
She had kissed the glass where his palm rested and said, with a smirk, “No. Come next week. Go have sex instead. You’ll like it.”
Sherlock does his best to respond to that with a kind smile, still trying to play stupid, which is quite hard because there’s no way
be funny if it were anyone else, exciting even, but she can’t even begin to picture Sherlock doing any sort of dancing. Of course, she knew he danced in theory - she had once heard John’s late wife, Mary, mention Sherlock had taught John how to waltz before his wedding. Molly had hardly believed it when she’d heard it, but it looks like she is going to see the evidence of Sherlock’s dancing prowess herself this evening, and on live television no less! She can’t help but wonder what the hell he’s up to, or how he even got onto the show. A lot of celebrities waited years for their chance to be called on to participate.
Sherlock chokes and the red in his face spreads down his neck. It even feels like it’s blooming on his pale chest. “I don’t know how you can just
Sherlock's deep, guttural and utterly primal groans bring John back into the moment. The man looks lost in his own euphoria. He's moaning unabashedly now and John can tell that he's on the edge of it, just like him. "Fuck," John whispers, "Fuck, Sherlock, I'm getting close. I'm nearly..." Sherlock opens his eyes and stares at John with an expression of a man lost in the deepest of ecstasies. "Yes, John, I'm... don't stop. Please don't stop!" He begs again. And there's not a thing in the world that could make John stop. Not now, not ever. The noises their bodies make are every bit as erotic as the gratified sobs being wrenched unbidden from each of their throats. The heat of them has spread through the whole room making it humid, making them slick with their sweat. Sherlock's pleas have grown incoherent once more and John is so close, so close,
He vaguely heard the chime of a phone as he tilted his head up to the ceiling, feeling his pupils dilating. He picked it up unceremoniously mumbling, “What is it Mycroft?”
“I don’t know Sherlock! Sometimes you just seem to know things! You stole my birth certificate to find out my middle name! I wasn’t sure you really had any sense of personal boundaries! How was I supposed to know you didn’t know everything about me?” John responds, now more than a bit irritated at Sherlock's obviously annoyed responses.
Irene waved him off and payed no notice as he ran away from her. She set her sights on the blonde girl, Kate, and gave her her sexiest 'come hither' smirk.
John simply smiles at her. He’s about to open his mouth to reply but Rosie interrupts by beginning to bounce and wiggle. John and his girlfriend turn their attention to the screen just as Rosie points and shouts, “DADDY, DADDY, IT’S SHEWOCK!!”
John moans and seeks it out. Come here, he wants to say, but he finds his mouth can’t form the words and all he can do is continue groaning in displeasure for the lack of contact.
“What?!” John asked, completely anxious “No, it's not weird. She's my boss, I don't care, why would it be weird?”
Weeks later when he’d gone to see her again (he hadn’t dared see her on days he was still having nightmares about her, she’d have deduced it right away, and he'd been worried about her reaction), she had beamed at him once more.
“S-s-sorry... I- I'll try and shut-up.” John said, making a valiant effort at being silent for a second before Sherlock stopped, blushing quite prettily, and looking off to the side he said, “No. It's... um... fine...”
“Oh,” Sherlock responds, distracted, “no that was just...” he hesitates slightly but recovers quickly, flashing John a quick smile, “Well nothing interesting. Just a neighbor.”
Harry gave her an appreciative look that said everything she thought about the idea of Mary wearing nothing and answered with a giggle, “Right.”
Sherlock lowered himself slowly, one hand on John's thigh for support behind him, his back arched and his legs spread as far as he could as he sank down over John using his second hand to guide him in. “Mmmmm” He groaned while John made an equally throaty sound as he entered the heat of Sherlock.
Sherlock seems to finally notice Rosie and, as she wants, he turns his full attention on her. His eyes crinkle in a tender expression and he reaches to kiss her little hand. “Hello, dear Watson. Don’t you look lovely tonight? How do you do,” he asks her.
John frowned a little at that but continued to walk towards her, as he got closer and closer John's face started to fall. He knew that gaze. It was the one he was sure he was always giving Mary. Cautiously he followed her gaze as he approached her but was distracted as he noticed Harry walking in to the club looking absolutely gorgeous as usual. He forgot about Mary for a second as he saw the dimples on his sister's cheeks as she grinned. He noticed she was looking straight ahead, though, and not at John, so he followed her gaze as well and found... it was settled on Mary, who continued to walk towards her. John felt himself stop just as he came to meet both of them in their path towards each other. Both Mary and Harriet seemed not to notice him as they stared at each other and he stood there looking from one to the other. Harry gave Mary a coy look, her mouth opening almost as if she was going to say something, then seemed to startle as her peripheral vision registered her brother.
John stared for a second, and something in Sherlock's eyes– he wasn't sure what –made him believe him instantly. John grabbed his shirt and pulled him forward, making their mouths crash together messily as John locked Sherlock in for a heated and mind-numbing kiss. Sherlock's teeth clicked against his own in the impact. They moaned into each other's mouths, their hands grasping desperately at each others' clothes as their tongues danced together in a warm wet and hungry embrace, licking and tasting every inch of the inside of the other's mouth.
' John kneeled beside the woman, pulling on the gloves even though he was not sure why he was complying but wanting to be of help all the same. He opened her eyelids to check her eyes for any hemorrhages, checked her breath, neck and hands. Finally he leaned back and said, “Asphyxiation, probably. Passed out chocked on her own vomit. No sign of a struggle. No visible bruising, anyway. She doesn't appear to be bleeding from anywhere either. It could have been a seizure, possibly drugs... no alcohol on her breath...so...”
that this is a ridiculously over-priced piece of torture chosen by a crazy bride who wants you to look ugly in comparison to her husband.”
The camera angles away from the pair and a group of six women are seen standing nearby, all dressed identically under a spot light. The crowd cheers again. The camera pans back on Sherlock as he says, “Oh I’ve some idea but I‘d rather not spoil the fun.” He grins mischievously.
Sherlock laughs lightly at this, though it’s a miserable little laugh. “No, John. It truly never is.”
John turned around then and punched Sherlock straight in the face, knocking him back a few paces. Sherlock stood and stared at him but said nothing, waiting for the line of insults he was sure he deserved, or at the very least another punch in the face. But nothing came. John just looked at him with such an expression of hurt and betrayal and fucking loss... and Sherlock realized then there was nothing he could say, nothing he could do that would fix this, at least not right now while John was so angry. He raised a hand to his cheek and stared as John marched away, taking out his phone and dialling a number, most likely his friend Irene.
“Always!” At this Harriet picked up a few of the throw-pillows their mum had on some of the chairs and threw them at John viciously with each word, “My looks, my girlfriends! You've just been waiting for the chance to tear me down!”
She smiles, “Trust me, virgin. Now tell him you are sorry to cut off conversation but that you have to go to bed since you have an early morning lesson with a little girl to prepare for because her father is a silver fox and you really want to get in his pants.”
“Youth and beauty should never be confined,” Henry replies, then looking to his charge, “Are we misbehaving tonight, Dorian?”
John stares at Sherlock as he talks. Sherlock waves his ever-moving hands in the air as he speaks rapid-fire, trying to retrace his steps and sort through his memories of the evening so far. John’s a little self-conscious about the sensation of his lips tugging in what is probably a dopey looking smile, but… God, he’d missed this.
“Yes, John I think she'll take one look at our new advertisements and realize she's madly in love with you, take you into her office and have you for hours and hours until you beg for mercy twice.”
“Actually it's meeting up-beat people like yourself.” John gave Sherlock a smile that didn't quite reach his eyes.
“Well, in that case,” Dorian says, grinning, “I meant it. You are a mystery to me and I want to solve you  – er, no that didn’t come out right – what I mean to say is... I want to get to know you.”
She had opened the door for him grumpily and had let him in without a word, striding into the suite’s kitchenette.
John felt like he'd lost all ability to speak in that moment, and he simply nodded and reached back over his head to where Sherlock had gestured. He Just barely felt a bit of fabric at his fingertips, but not wanting to take his eyes off of the very wanton looking Sherlock (who had now closed his eyes and was groaning above him), John struggled back with his arm until we was able to grab what he assumed were the trousers using his middle and forefinger. He pulled it forward so he could dig through the pockets more easily until he found the little tube. “You weren't kidding. Bit over-confident aren't you?” John asked, his eyes half lidded as he watched Sherlock move.
Greg and Irene share a look before bursting into laughter just as the four of them reach the tall bearded scary-looking bouncer at the door. Sherlock presents their invitation cards. The man takes them wordlessly, checking something off on a list. He then pulls back the rope that is barring the entrance to allow Sherlock and his friends to enter the building into a hall where guests can check in and leave their coats, if they wish to do so.
John huffs out an amused breath, “It’s really fine,” he comments, “I’m glad you told me. Thank you.”
“But you hate it now?” John questions, confused. Sherlock doesn’t look like he hates it. He’s been smiling the whole time he’s been watching it. He’s even snorted out a short laugh at the screen once or twice.
Sherlock nods, “Hmm, Cesaria Evora, she was very talented,” he informs John in a whisper so soft that John feels himself leaning forward to listen.
“Alright, I've got a deal for you. I'll give you three hundred pounds flat for the whole night, with a couple of conditions, you don't freak out and you don't look in the rear-view mirror or I deduct, got it?”
“Oh brilliant, er, would you mind?” Mary asks, turning round for John to work the clasp round her neck.
It was all mumbling at first, clearly Sherlock's voice, then some slight silence. He heard Sherlock speak one last time and he strained to hear over the rain.
‘Snap out of it, Watson,’ he thinks to himself, ‘Just snap out of it. You’ve always known. You’ve always known.’
John blushed a little but turned towards William with a slight look of amusement on his face as he humoured the strange man.
I’m being indelicate - someone it would help me get over it,” Sherlock explains, borrowing the phrase from his friend.
Sherlock slapped the diary onto Anthea's desk. “This! This is a brilliant idea for the front page of the section.” He declared.
“Like I said, it's all fine... wait... are you checking me off your list?” John asked, reaching for it.
Dorian smacks him lightly and laughs once more, but he gives up on talking to his friends temporarily as he returns to the bar and orders Sherlock the promised lighter cocktail. Victoria comes to stand beside him, looking more interested in the future events and Dorian orders something for her and Henry as well. Henry extends a hand to Sherlock, “A pleasure, detective,” he shouts slightly in the introduction.
“I'm sorry mum, I don't know how I could have missed all of that,” Harry said charmingly, then turned to look at John in a slightly sceptical way.
Sherlock scowls at her, his blush beginning to recede, “Rude,” he comments then, his voice treacherously unsure he continues, “I suppose I should just say... goodnight?”
long did you finally concede to meeting me? Normally I'd say it was my devastating good looks but... well, you seem to be immune to those, considering how long you've been saying no... and then suddenly, out of no where... why?” He removed a long dark Belstaff coat and a powder blue scarf from around his neck and placed them behind the chair as he joined John at the bar.
“Ugh, mate, I'm starving have you eaten anything?” Mike asked as John helped the staggering drunken man towards the washroom and directed him to the urinals, making sure he didn't accidentally fall into one.
“No one else has ever mattered.” Sherlock responds, groaning as John licks a line up from his adam’s apple to the corner of his jaw in response, “Not like you do,” he adds.
John hesitated as they started moving, “Look Sherlock,” He yelled a bit in order to be heard as the man drove them back towards the pub, “I-I don't think I could sleep tonight after seeing Jennifer Wilson like that, especially knowing she stayed in a room at that same inn. I'm just a bit confused is all. Why are we doing this? What's the point?”
“Don't think there's time for that right now John!” Sherlock yelled, his body frozen in place as he held onto the the sides of his chair for dear life.
John thinks about joining his girlfriend after putting Rosie down, but he finds that he’s actually not all that tired. He’s also still curious about what Molly had shown him. He’d admittedly thought about it the whole cab-ride home, but had been unable to reach his phone with Rosie in his arms the way she was. He sneaks another peek at the sleeping brunette in his bed and decides to just go and sit in the living room instead... and maybe look up some videos of this dance show - just to see what Sherlock’s up to, of course.
“So what'd you find?” Carter asked sounding considerably more sober, when the men sat at the table with him.
Now, your father. How could I know about your father? The chain. It's broken. Most people would fix an item belonging to a loved one and return it to them, but you can't return it can you? No, because she's dead and he took her from you. How do I know? 'One is poisoned, one is not. Just like in a marriage,' that's what you said. So, someone stopped you believing in marriage then, likely not your mother as you keep her photograph in that locket, but your father. I've not seen a trace of your father on you. Could be that you never had one at all, but then, who'd have yanked that chain from your mother's neck with enough force to break it? Who'd have tossed it hard enough to dent it? Not you, you loved her, but again, you won't fix the locket. If she'd have died naturally, you would have, sentiment. No, you haven't fixed it, because you want a reminder, or perhaps, more likely assurance in order to condone your actions. Seeing the broken item fuels the 'poison' in you and reminds you of what he did to her. You keep the locket because it reminds you of why you are the way you are, and you,
Sherlock rushed back into the car, knowing that Dimock wouldn't hear them over the storm and put his keys in the ignition of his car, effectively turning on its lights and began honking the horn. In less than a minute DI Dimock and four other officers were on them. John had hidden his gun and the perpetrator was taken into custody.
Sherlock and John exchange a look, both of them doing their hardest not to start giggling at the fact that Angelo has sent them a plate of food they haven’t ordered and at Rosie’s enthusiasm for the fascinating activity presented to her.
He scrolls through some photos in the app on his phone and untucks his shirt, lightly tapping his fingers against his skin subconsciously. Finally he settles for chatting up a handsome looking brunet with strong muscular arms and pale blue eyes. He sends the man a short message and a sensual photo of himself with his shirt collar opened, his hair looking artfully dishevelled, his eyes looking into the camera through his lashes and his teeth biting down on his finger suggestively. He receives a reply almost instantly. By the time it gets dark outside Sherlock is tidying up the living room a bit in expectation of his next visitor.
Dorian finally looks at John in acknowledgment of his existence and his eyes widen while he shouts, “
She rolls her eyes and finally relents. They swiftly step into the routine for this week’s quickstep challenge, and all talk about resting, the case and the production team ends as they begin to trot around the studio.
Irene decides to intercede. She smirks and pinches his cheek, “Ah, spasibo malen’kiy,” she purrs in her false accent, “You and cecily were very precious in your dance as well, weren’t they Sherlock?”
The knocked back their drinks, and John said, “There's got to be something about weddings that you like.”
The crowd behind him interrupts him with loud boo’s and heckles. Sherlock and Iris look nervous but say nothing. Craig frowns, “No, no, hush it’s not a bad thing – I just wanted to comment on your song choice – it’s not a bad choice – in fact, it’s a very beautiful and bold one, but I have to ask, because one I wouldn’t mention, and two is a coincidence, but three…”
John made to argue, but then stopped himself. If there was any way he was going to get through that wedding it was going to be with Irene's help and it'd be easier if she were beside him for that. “Sure,” He sighed, “of course.”
“DI Dimock this is DI Scott's Colleague, Dr. John Watson. DI Scott has been compromised and we are in need of back up, I repeat, we need back up, Over.”
Mary smiled and patted his arm, then she got up and boldly took Harry's hand as they began walking away. Harry turned back towards John and mouthed “Thank you!”
“To find Sherlock,” Greg shouts back, grinning, “He gave me his phone and told me to find him when you got here.”
Sherlock’s eyes are foggy as he separates from John, attempting to come back towards him as he asks, “Hmm?”
Sherlock recently discovered, through his digging, that the third detail was a lie. The person threatening her friends wasn’t the person she was looking for. Irene was looking for someone else because the person who was threatening her friends wanted nothing in exchange but for the person, Irene suspected was involved with Strictly. Of course, Sherlock wouldn’t know this if Sherlock had not stolen Irene’s phone.
Sherlock tries to get out of it by asking, “Haven’t we been doing enough dancing this evening?” He laughs to make his words sting a little less and hopefully the discouragement won’t annoy the young man too much.
Harry ignored that too, and pulled it back towards her chest, “Um... about the slideshow,” She said, “I know exactly what I want you to say so I wrote you a script and mum says you've got all the family photos, and Mary tells me you've hers as well...”
Irene notices that Dorian preens at that comment even though Sherlock had mentioned Algernon and Gwendolyn before Dorian. She smirks as she sees him compose his expression into a more subdued one as he blinks up at Sherlock, “You really think so, Mr. Holmes?”
dancing) really is as devastating to his already weakened constitution as the images of him dancing on video had been. How the man manages to look so perfect, moving the way he is at his age is beyond John. The fantasy is, of course, immediately shattered as someone behind Sherlock at first places a hand on his hip and then slowly crawls it up from his waist towards his chest. Sherlock, for his part is swirling his hips forward and leaning back against the person touching him, one arm raised so that his hand is behind his neck while he moves while the other swings rhythmically by his thigh and seems to be snapping along with the bass. As he moves he turns slowly to face the person grabbing him and then, as Sherlock lowers himself to allow the boy to talk to him John sees exactly who it is that Sherlock is dancing with.
"Mmm, go ahead," Sherlock says, a little wrinkle forming in his brow, but his attention still seemingly not on John.
Molly mentally high-fives herself for asking the right question and she moves strictly to strike again with another, “Oh? And why was Basil so relieved?” She turns slightly to face Henry. He subconsciously does the same, leaning the arm that isn’t holding his wine against the rail of the balcony.
John smiled, his expression shy, “If you'll let me,” he said, then his expression grew bold, “And if you don't, I'll tell him anyway.”
John just laughed and went to change. The next outfit he tried on was a velvet navy blue French frock coat with silver brocade, a white shirt and black pants. Sherlock was laughing so hard tears came out of his eyes.
Sherlock grabs Rosie’s day-bag from where John had left it on his chair yesterday and makes quick work of putting Rosie’s things together, rushing upstairs to grab extra nappies, grabbing her toddler snacks and formula from the refrigerator – check, check and check! Sherlock surveys the contents of the bag one last time, and satisfied with it practically crashes into the bathroom door before stopping. He takes one deep breath, exhales and then enters the bathroom as quietly as he can. Once inside he can hear the sound of John humming lightly over the spray of water. Sherlock smirks and peels off his robe, letting it drop to the ground. With a shaky hand Sherlock finally speaks, making his way into the shower, “Hello, Doctor Watson,” he rumbles.
“No?” John asked again, “Fine, I'll go look. Oh! Did you get those results from Mrs. Hudson's hip x-ray? Mary wants to see them right away.”
Sherlock flaps a hand in her direction but finds it takes up too much of his energy. He lets it drop beside him and exhales, “No, nothing, just… sorry.”
Angelo waves off his thanks as he greets John with a handshake and croons over Rosie, “And hello to you as well, Doctor Watson. Ah! You’ve brought the little bambina! My my, dear girl, don’t you look beautiful? She’s growing up fast eh? How old?”
“Yes, Dorian will definitely be distraught,” Henry says, but rather than sounding upset for the sake of his friend’s feelings, he sounds delighted.
John raises a brow at that, leaning back against the opposite wall, “Yeah?” He asks, “Not so much at the moment I think.”
“That doesn’t sound right.” Eurus proclaims after Sherlock finishes playing for her. “Are you sure you’ve had sex?”
“I'd like to take a moment to give a special thank you to a certain man, who really went above and beyond,” Bill began...
“Yes! God do I have to teach you everything?” Irene complains though she is delighted that Sherlock is letting her talk about this. He rarely allows her to continue these conversations, even though he knows that she knows. He’s never actually admitted it. This is the closest he’s come. “But find a way to invite him and his little screech monster at some point,” she continues, “You did great by offering to teach Rosie to dance. It’s a good excuse to bring him over. Plus, seeing you with her almost made me want to throw you across the room and ride you into oblivion this morning - and I
Mrs. Watson inspected the beautiful diamond set into the classic silver ring now wrapped snuggly around her daughter's finger as Harry sat next to Mary on the sofa, cuddling. “Oh Harriet, it's absolutely lovely! Perfectly gorgeous!” She exclaimed with red-rimmed eyes, “... wait a minute! Harry, dear? Does that mean that you'll be moving back here to London?” Mrs. Watson looked hopeful and overjoyed at the prospect.
“Why you impish little thing, you know better than that,” Sherlock scolds her, though there isn’t a lick of harshness in his voice.
“Mmm, I'll explain later, but for now, keep your eyes on the door.” Sherlock said, as he walked John over to the little bar with a hand on the small of his back. John ignored the weird butterflies he got in his belly at the contact. “Order something.” He whispered as they approached, grinning to hide his speech.
“BAH!” Rosie interrupts, pouncing on Sherlock’s stomach and effectively bringing him back down to earth. Leave it to Watson to lighten the moment. Sherlock inwardly thanks Mary for giving them a Rosie, even if her doing so had broken Sherlock’s heart a little at the time.
Both Sherlock and John freak out at the same time and each of them makes a grab for her. This results in Sherlock grabbing Rosie’s hand while John gets a handful of the meatball Rosie drops. Rosie squeals out a peel of laughter at their shocked expressions.
Sherlock was silent for a minute. “I'll tell you what,” He finally said, “I'll play your game, if you'll play mine.”
“We don’t talk any more, we don’t talk anymore...” the voice of a woman begins. As the chorus grows louder and louder Sherlock and Iris begin to move, each standing with a hand tapping on their table. Slowly they begin to move forward on the stage.
At that same moment John settled into his apartment. He struggled to put away his two suits from tonight into an incredibly cramped and small hall closet. There wasn't much room in John's bachelor apartment for him to put them in. He then settled in to sit on the couch in his pyjamas, grabbing the newspaper.
oh shit guys. John KNOWS he has a big bisexual crush on Sherlock?! Of course he fucking knows. Sherlock is his hero, he’s perfect and beautiful and he loves John’s daughter. But what’s he going to do with that information?
Dorian grips Sherlock’s arm with a surprisingly strong grip of his own. “Sherlock!” The boy shouts, delighted to see him, “What luck! I was just going to come looking for you!”
“Molly Hooper,” Molly says in introduction, extending a hand to the man and smiling before he can settle in to watch the couple.
John blinks, “You... you don’t need to,” he says, carefully, “it’s... it’s like I said, when I met you. It’s all fine, you know? It’s all fine, Sherlock.”
“Please, Irene I am begging you,” They changed poses again, “please do not abandon me in this hell.”
Dorian’s cheeks seem to glow with his blush at the last comment, but Sherlock pretends not to notice while he eyes him from the side. It’s probably better if he plays dumb. Instead, he raises a disbelieving brow and says, “Me? A mystery?”
When the case began Irene have Sherlock only three basic details: one: that four of her friends were in mortal danger, two: that she had wheedled her way onto strictly come dancing and she needed Sherlock to be her celebrity dance partner, and three: that the person threatening her friends was involved with the dance competition somehow.
“–and how do you afford these weddings on your pay and army pension?” Sherlock continued, “The tuxedoes, the air fare, the wine of the month clubs?”
Ps. If you haven’t guessed already the movie they’re watching is the 1946 film “It’s a wonderful life” - if you’ve never heard of it (gasp!) the movie is about a really nice self-less man who spends his life making other people happy despite his sacrifices getting in the way of his dreams. At one point he ends up very down on his luck and he decides to commit suicide, thinking everyone will be better off without him. I thought that it rather paralleled Sherlock in that sense. The main reason I chose this film, however, is George’s (the main character) speech to Mary. I think it’s one of the most romantic moments in film history, and that’s nothing to say of the desperate love confession that comes later. If you haven’t seen it and you’re curious, I highly recommend it. It’s sweet, despite its old age. It’s not necessarily a completely romantic film, but it’s a nice one. It’s cute anyway.
John arrives at five minutes past six, having texted Sherlock that he and Rosie were running late. Sherlock, oddly, had replied with a thumbs-up emoji, which should have been his first clue that something wasn’t quite right. When John rings that doorbell with Rosie in his arms and a blonde woman opens the door he suddenly remembers – Irene Adler is in town. He frowns as another realization hits him – she’s staying with Sherlock?
The beautiful man turned his head back as he noticed the two figures behind him, then turned back to john, looking slightly annoyed. John moved to get up.
“Honestly this just confirms my love for women. No offence.” She said, lips moving up in an apologetic pout.
!" And John is panting and grunting as much as Sherlock, relishing the touch of skin on skin. The feeling of Sherlock's tight ring of muscles clenching around his cock, squeezing him as they move is one of pure rapturous perfection. John wonders, not for the first time tonight, what he did to deserve the affection of such a beguiling and unparalleled man. He's surely the luckiest man on earth.
Sherlock raises a brow at that and begins cutting up the meat into smaller more manageable pieces, which he spears onto the tiny toddler-specific fork that the waiter had brought along for Rosie’s meal.
The cabby looked back at him with a questioning brow  as he heard him giggle and caught a glance of John changing. John noticed him looking back “Oi, that's two-sixty now, you really want to keep this going?”
John laughs along with him, his giggles sounding as high-pitched as they had the first time, but John finds he doesn’t care, not when he feels like this.
“She's pressed for time. It's a short engagement.” John sounded like he had said this many many times to himself in his own head to justify all he was doing for Harry. He moved to another shelf as he read from the list and found what he was searching for. John took his scanner and registered a couple of pots.
Harry stood in the bridal shop dressed in a little white bustier and a silk under-skirt and holding a clipboard as she spoke to the seamstress while John walked in.
There’s a long awkward pause and then Sherlock finally says, “Coffee! I would love some coffee. Just over at the bar? John, can I get you anything? Tea?” Sherlock begins to stand, stunning the poor waiter. John’s expression only darkens as Sherlock states, tugging on Josh’s top, “Come along Josh, don’t think we’re quite ready to order. I’ll just get the drinks myself, shall I?”
John stormed out of the diner and into the mid-day sun in a fury, ignoring Sherlock's pleas to turn back.
John turned away swallowing back the tears that wanted to spring forth. To hear Sherlock saying those words... it hurt him, because those were the words he
Gladys giggles and finally speaks, grabbing hold of Sherlock’s other side, “That’s right Algy. You shall be quite sorry. Come, boys, let’s go step into the circle.”
But Harry wasn't wearing mum's dress or father's suit. She was in a long elegant white-blue dress with thin straps, a light blue top with white lace over-lay, dainty elegant frills on the bust, a blue ribbon at the waist and a cascading chiffon skirt that looked like a rolling ocean wave billowing downwards from where the dart was emphasized with three small fabric flowers along with slim ribbons hanging on the side.* She looked stunning, but John was confused.
) – all of these things Sherlock does for Dr. Watson – and what does Watson do? He hooks up with the first available floozy he can and goes off to raise his child with her, leaving Sherlock to suffer in silence once more.
Sherlock is fast asleep. Distantly he’s aware that he’s a little uncomfortable and maybe a little too warm, but he doesn’t feel like moving or stirring just yet, knowing that if he follows the discomfort he’ll be fully awake. Sherlock doesn’t want to wake up quite yet. He might be a little too warm and his neck might feel like it’s developing a little crick that will be there for the rest of the day but he also still feels quite sated. All his John-related stresses are simply not there to disturb him right now. This moment is pure bliss or at least it is until his brain registers some kind of annoying tapping sound. Eventually the tapping sound stops though and Sherlock is relieved to feel his brain falling back asleep.
“Ah, Just a few words on your trip to South America and the benefits of training new doctors down there. You know, something adventurous and fun while keeping on the seriousness of the mission. You in?”
“John,” Mary was back, looking slightly flustered, “I meant to ask... did you get that thing I sent you this morning?”
“Soooo, listen,” Harriet said in her most charming voice, “I've been doing a lot of thinking about the article fiasco aaaannd I've decided to forgive you.”
As I said. This one was hard. I re-wrote it and moved things about quite a bit. I was having... bad days, I guess and writing became a little difficult for a moment, but I'm feeling better now, well somewhat better. The writing is helping me distract myself at least, which is i guess a good thing? I hope you enjoy the update.
Sherlock stood outside the wedding hall making a phone call to his colleague, Molly, at the paper, and taking the occasional drags out of his cigarette. “What time is it now? No... I'm just going to be over there in about four hours so don't –” And then Sherlock saw him again, the Best Man. He'd disappeared for a few hours between the intermission in which the guests and the entire wedding party prepared themselves to move from the church into the dining hall. Sherlock had wondered where he'd gone and had been incredibly surprised to see the man suddenly appear come speech time. At first Sherlock thought that perhaps the man had gone off with one of the guests, during the interim but had found that all guests seemed to be accounted for and then he'd thought perhaps he'd had an appointment of some sort, but now here he was, running out again... “Listen, Molly, I'll uh... I'll call you back...” Sherlock followed John, noticing that he no longer carried his cane as he ran out towards the curb and straight towards a cab.
It’s then that John notices they’re near a tight circle of people and that some of them have made an empty space into the dancefloor just as John had seen in the video the boy had posted of Sherlock participating in some kind of dance-off. Shit. John had been internally shaking as Sherlock had begun to dance with him. At first, he’d been unsure. He’d danced against Sherlock but had tried not to touch him, but the bodies around him had pushed them close together and John had felt this heat inside of himself – this wild desire burning him up with Sherlock’s proximity. He had had his face so close to Sherlock’s neck as the man had bent low against him while they had pushed and pushed themselves deeper into the masses. He had wanted so
John was speechless. “I'm... so sorry I just... I should have called but I... You forgot your purse.”
Sherlock sits up and faces the audience as Irene steps onto the stage. He stands up and starts slinking towards her, stepping over the coffee table as he has done so many times at home,
Sherlock’s confusion is evident in the way his posture changes, and the confusion is mixed with a bit of suspicion as he asks John, “I have?”
Sherlock thinks for a moment, “Hmm quite young,” he says, “I think I was around Rosie’s age when mummy had me start on ballet and then at some point, I switched to ballroom. I think I won awards as a child but I may have deleted that. You’re probably better off asking my parents… or Mycroft. On second thought don’t ask Mycroft.”
“You look like one of those angry naked kittens!” She chortles in a most unladylike fashion but gets up and tosses him the requested robe from his wardrobe.
Sherlock ignored the question and looked down at the food instead, addressing Mary, “Ah, you two are picking out the wedding meal?” Then, because Sherlock Holmes was an
This makes Sherlock laugh, and his soft baritone chuckle brings with it a storm of butterflies that burst around in John’s stomach, “I suppose you’re right,” he says, then adds, as an afterthought, “Do you remember the time he brought us the giant sh–”
John looked up, swallowing back a lump in his throat. He pouted and cleared his throat, “She... she needed to know the truth,” He said, staring directly ahead, his hands behind his back.
Molly blushes, “Oh god, John I’ve wanted to since I saw it but I just don’t know how to bring it up! ‘Hello Sherlock, is there a reason you’re dressing up in sequinned tights and dancing on live tv?’”
This was followed by a red plaid suit with a matching kilt. “Very traditional.” John stated a serious expression on his face. Sherlock tried to hold in more giggles.
“Two hundred and forty three. And, yes, Anthea that information is vital! Hundreds of people round the world are either being taken advantage of by their tobacco addicted partners or spouses and just as many are being murdered by them, and they could all avoid such trouble if they simply learned to observe! I'm doing them a favour! Isn't that kinder? The statistics are really quite ridiculous, I know, I did the research, Anthea.
Sherlock’s body is wrapped around John like an octopus. John’s pretty sure that the arm that the man has sequestered as his pillow is as asleep as the man that lies snuggled on it snoring quietly. A memory comes unbidden to John as he watches Sherlock sleep soundly,
Irene laughed; they were soon out of most traffic and speeding towards the wedding venue in a flash.
Algernon, for his part isn’t listening, and us hurling a handful of what looks like olives that he’s picked up from a nearby table at Dorian.
“I've radioed Fred, works autopsy. They're coming to collect her right now.” Dimock stepped back, “Well, gentlemen, after you.” He said, ushering them towards the little house.
He looked over at another cubicle where a handsome man in his mid-forties with salt and pepper hair talked with a mousy young woman and a slightly older, pretty yet severe looking woman in hushed tones. “Excuse me,” John said, with an apologetic look at them, “I'm sorry, but would any of you happen to know where Will- Sherl... Where um... Sherlock Holmes could possibly... be...?”
“Now, let's get in the car, why don't we, Mr. Holmes? I know you still have your keys. Open her up and settle in, I've a little treat for you.”
“John, which one sucks less?” Mary asks, at the end of the day, walking into his office and holding up two necklaces.
Sherlock glares at her through the mirror in front of him. “Foul strumpet,” he replies grumpily. Irene’s reflection grins at him. He gives her a tentative smirk in return and, turning around, offers her his hand, “You’re here, you might as well practice with me.”
Rosie beams, one of her little hands grabs at her skirt and fluffs it proudly, “Thank you. I’m happy – do we dance again?” She asks tentatively.
Sherlock said nothing as Greg peaked his head into the room, “Irene tells me John says 'I'm still here, Sherlock.'”
Molly smiles nervously feeling her stomach do a funny little flip, “Um, hi,” she says, pulling a strand of hair out of her face and looking in Sherlock’s direction awkwardly in a plea for help.
Do the smoochies! Do the smoochies! Do the smoochies! Kisses! Smoochies and Kisses for days! Yay yay yay yay yay!! Kisses!
But he knew he'd be reprimanded for blowing Sherlock's cover so John thought for a second... what had he read about deaths and poisoning again...? “The suicides... you think this is one of the serial suicides!” John gasped in horror,
The other man watches him with a wistful look in his eyes, “Ah. Sorry,” He says, zipping up his trousers, “I guess I just rather hoped you’d be willing to help me finish what we’d started… you know, some other time.”
“Yes, that sounds like something I'd say.” Sherlock leaned forward and grumbled, “My question is... if you knew I felt that way, why didn't you just destroy me then, that night?”
“It's my pleasure!” Mary beamed as Mrs. Watson stood to wipe the tears from her eyes. “You've a couple of amazing children.”
Everyone started talking at once then, their energy immediately changed from the previous somewhat joyous buzzing to a sort of panicked grumbling.
“Hello, I’m Sherlock Holmes,” He begins and the screen switches from the image of him sitting and smiling on a chair to a split screen of three different images of Sherlock, one of him doing a spin, one of him bowing and one of him with his hands steepled beneath his chin. “I’ve got an international reputation as a consulting detective. You might best know me from the famous blog run by my close friend and colleague, Dr. Watson,” Sherlock’s baritone voice says as the screen continues to switch back and forth through various images of Sherlock, mostly of him walking around London with his coat tails swishing or looking through comically sized magnifying glasses in a brightly coloured studio. “A couple of years ago I ran into some trouble with a man who, among other things, attempted to steal the crown jewels. I had to fake my own death after he framed me for various crimes but such is the danger of being a renowned crime-solving genius.” Sherlock laughs. He laughs! Molly is absolutely floored. Sherlock never talks like that. God, he seems so friendly and quite frankly it’s disturbing. “… what many people don’t know about me, though,” Sherlock continues in that eerily cheerful tone, “is that I quite love dancing. I took a few ballroom dance lessons as a child, but it’s been years since I’ve had the chance to actually do any proper dancing. I relish the idea of having the chance to do it now. I just hope my partner can put up with me. I’m told I can be a little difficult. But I’ve come on the show determined to recover some of that lost skill so I promise I will do my best and behave.” Sherlock ends his speech with a wink. A WINK!
“Yeah, okay that's going to happen...” John hung up the phone, “...in your fucking dreams you annoying twat.”
When Irene and Sherlock finally leave the stage they do so with the slight shock of their lowest scores yet hanging over their consciousness. Irene is terribly tense as she and Sherlock join Claudia Winkleman for a chat in front of the cameras. Irene is irritated and is not looking forward to having to appear humble. She’s angry. That song and dance were performed perfectly! Who cares if they didn’t like the song lyrics? It’s the dance they should have been paying attention to! What makes her even angrier is the fact that she knows how hard Sherlock worked on it. She feels his hand at the small of her back as they reach the boisterous hostess welcoming them onto the stage. Irene tries not to glare at her, though she is irritated by her presence at the moment. She hopes that the rest of the dancers to come don’t do as well as she and Sherlock did. She also hopes that the people at home who are voting don’t forget to vote for her and Sherlock to stay. They cannot afford to leave this competition yet.
Before the contest had started, when he and Irene had worked on song choices and choreography, he had had a clear vision in mind. It was important that he did, as he needed to stay in the competition for as long as possible until the case was solved, but with the nerves of the first and second performances combined with the pressures of staying had come Sherlock had lost sight of the vision.
“Don't you all feel stylish, lads? Best part is, you can just keep the suits and wear them to all your bloody fancy parties. No more worrying about you've got to wear. A blessing, that is. Did you all a bloody favour picking the classic black look. Not to mention, the birds flock to a man in a good suit, or the woman in one! HA!” Bill laughed and clapped John on the back as John muttered, smiling nervously and indulgently, “Yes, Bill very true,” while Irene rolled her eyes at his stupid joke. John stepped on her foot to grab her attention before the photographer snapped a shot of the Groom and all his groomsmen. Irene glared but complied and gave a quick fake and toothy smile.
“Don't ask if you don't want to know big brother...” Was all she said as she sauntered in and closed the door behind her.
John blinks but then leans down to give Sherlock a light peck on his lips before standing and saying, “Sherlock Holmes, you are a fantastic genius.”
“Mary was interested in international affairs...”(Mary with a couple of international doctors standing outside an embassy), “And so was Harriet,” (Harriet with her shirt pulled up high and two female models on each arm, both kissing her cheeks, one with her hand on Harry's stomach and the other on her thigh, just below her crotch as Harry laughed at the camera posing in front of the Eiffel Tower)
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say. John isn’t prone to long sentimental speeches, no matter how much he constantly advocates for sentiment himself, yet here he sits and he’s just told Sherlock that he cares for him. He’s just outright said it. He wants Sherlock to be happy. And just what the hell is Sherlock supposed to say to that? It’s not like he can just admit that John is the only constant thing that has ever made him truly happy. Sherlock mentally scolds himself for daring to hope John’s words might be headed elsewhere, but he’d said ‘friend’. He’d never in this moment hinted at anything more. Sherlock has no idea how to respond and as the silence grows between them he feels like the air has begun to thicken.
“Of course I do. I'll go!” Mary nodded, standing up, “I have to warn you though, I'm a horrible dancer.”
Sherlock leans back and screeches a few notes on his violin, torturing it with the purpose of forgetting the picture his mind has so stupidly decided to provide. He plays a couple of actual notes after that, hoping it’ll at least inspire him to compose something new and keep those haunting images away. His mind, however, has other ideas, and instead it chooses to continue wallowing in self-pity and loneliness. As more as images of John and and this woman fizzle into Sherlock’s mind the growing sting of temptation for a needle and a seven percent solution gets more insistent. Sherlock ignores it, but at the same time finally gives up on the violin and begins to pack it away. He’ll probably just go to bed and attempt to fall asleep. Maybe when he wakes up he’ll realize this was all a dream and John will still be here. Sherlock sighs. How utterly sentimental of him. He runs one last finger against his violin before he places his hands on its lid. Sherlock is just about to shut said lid when the tell-tale recording of a woman’s sigh of pleasure emanates from his phone.
“John!” Sherlock breathes, sitting up in a rush, embarrassingly pushing the bleary and debauched blue-eyed brunet that was on top of him to the ground in surprise, forcing Sherlock to scramble for the throw blanket to cover himself, “John, what are you doing here?!” He exclaims, while his guest on the ground mutters “Ouch,” And, rubbing his neck, continues: “Well that’s one way to wake up.”
to me, and she treated me well, you know? And I just... I wanted to be someone she might want.” Harry finished sadly as she looked at John who was staring at her speaking without wanting to interrupt, “I was trying to be someone who deserved her... someone she could respect. I was trying to be like you, big brother. I was trying to be like you.”
John frowned as he listened to the sounds coming from the inside of the flat. Someone seemed to be doing the hoovering. Just then he heard the familiar voice of a little boy humming what sounded like Tchaikovsky. John tried to look around Harry's head, his expression now very suspicious. Harry moved to cover his eyesight, nervous grin still plastered on her face. “Harry, what is that? Who's in there?” John asked his sister, “Mary's in Cardiff, Harry, who's in here?”
“John,” Sherlock says, between kisses. He grabs at John tightly and repeats “John! John, John,” into his mouth. He sounds so, so needy that John’s heart breaks a little. How could he have been so bloody
“I won’t be long,” Molly calls, practically sprinting to get the baby as John cautiously walks into her living room.
“He lives out in the middle of nowhere, Sherlock, he probably hasn't gotten the mail yet.” John assured him, “
“No thank you,” They answered simultaneously. Sherlock grinned and looked at John. John blushed and looked down into his eggs.
“You could say no.” William answered, gesturing for the bar tender and pointing out a drink on the bar menu that looked like it was going to taste sickeningly sweet.
It was John, he had broken the window with, most likely, the butt of his gun, grabbed the cabby and pulled him through and out into the rain. He had him face down on the ground now, arms pinned to his back, with one hand and with the other he pointed a gun at the man's head. Sherlock gaped. So
Someone touches his shoulder and John instantly startles awake, holding onto a thin wrist and breathing heavily.
Sherlock’s eyes widen in panic. Shit. “Josh? What are you …?” he begins slowly, not finishing the question.
John shudders at the memory of Sherlock’s sister. Not enough time has passed for him not to remember the clawing fear that had gripped him as the water in that hole had almost drowned him, “Yeah that doesn’t sound healthy,” he agrees.
Of course for destiny, it’s too much for Sherlock to ask for a good thing to last. His tender moment is broken with the speakers suddenly blaring his ringtone. Irene answers the phone quickly just as Sherlock stops waltzing about the room with Rosie.
Harry scrunched up her nose at being called 'little', but took the hat gladly as John took the rings with an awed look in his eyes, “Thank you Len. It's ... it's an honour.” He said.
John dashed out of the reception and into the warm clear night carrying his large suit bag. He really didn't want to be late and he hoped to whatever god was out there that he would get a ride out of here soon.
” Sherlock’s rhythmic gestures beg for his paramour to join him below. In response, she bounces her way down the steps as the prop rotates and she climbs down to clasp hands with him. She places a delicate hand on his arm while he holds her waist and grasps her free hand in his, and they hop into their hold to twirl about the stage. They make wide arcs around the dance floor, never missing a beat, never missing a step. Their hold is relaxed and perfect. Sherlock can’t help but grin as he and his partner move gracefully around the area. He’s thankful for the extra practice time he’d insisted on because they are sure to do better today than they did last week. It’s absolutely transparent that they will be scoring high tonight, especially with Sherlock’s new plan on faking his passion for his partner.
It was John's turn to be smug then. Seeing Sherlock blush like that brought a heat inside him and he smirked, grabbed both their cocks with his hand and pulled, “
Sherlock topples a little and Rosie climbs up on his stomach giggling and bouncing, yelling, “Up, up, Sherrock, get up!”
Sherlock enters his flat with his face still flushed red in slight embarrassment. He can hear the shower running and figures his partner from last night must be in there.
