Sherlock forced himself not to grin even slightly--despite the way John vehemently disapproved of his occupation, he was nonetheless observant of its rules, of the importance of the
Sherlock shifts, and pulls something from his pocket, unscrewing it before handing it to John. It is an old hip flask, warmed from the heat of Sherlock’s body. Even still, John knows what's in it before he takes a sip, and can’t decide if he wants to laugh or cry. The noise that escapes him is a  little of both.
Despite not arriving home til nearly half-three in the morning, both Sherlock and John were wide awake. In the quiet of
"The last anguissette was well-known for the sangoire cloak she wore to assignations. But these days, cloaks are quite out of style, and draping that much red on you would look ridiculous. But I found a way around that." Irene’s smile twisted her mouth, her diligence and pride obvious.
John focuses on the little stash of mecha figurines he’d sworn a million years ago he’d keep secret for Greg. A distant part of him finds the irony in the fact that Molly is with him now, that secret theoretically wide open to his crush. Maybe it’s for the best that Molly is still frowning at John. Greg’s secret is safe.
Whatever Jim might promise him, whatever draw might linger in his damned transport, he would resist Kushiel’s urge. He couldn’t go back to Jim, and he knew that as surely as he stood there.
Sherlock barely had time to slide free before Neck Tattoo dropped to his knees. He turned, jerked John’s dagger free from its new home just in time to see Meth-Teeth clamber to his feet and Ringleader tackle John to the ground.
After sidling up to the bar for a quick drink and a last-minute debriefing, Sherlock floundered. He cast about, eyes wide, fingers drumming erratically on the bartop.
He straightened his aching spine, looked to his shaking hands in the guttering light of the near-spent votives.
Sherlock tipped his head at that. “I don’t dare presume your comfort level. As antiquated as the notion of virginity is, I respect it. Right now I am in a position of power, of a sort. I will not take advantage of that.”
Sherlock watched him through all of this; John’s face betrayed nothing but the economy of expression that always came when John lost himself to a course of action. His face was blank, his eyes sharp, as he stooped beside Cecily and Frédérique.
They sit on the shore in silence, shoulder to shoulder. John tugs at the collar of his shirt, a bead of sweat rolling down between his shoulder blades.  Neither of them have bothered with a fire, as the Pritchards’ farm had been sold a decade before to make way for a housing development; even torches would draw too much attention. A thin, very thin ring of trees separates the pond from the outer fences of the neighborhood, which had turned the area into a nature walk for its homeowners.
After a moment, Apollinaire let loose a meditative hum. “Is it true--Irene Adler sends you to your patrons to gather information like some spy?”
Heart beating faster in his chest, Sherlock lifted his hand, placing it palm-up in hers. He watched as she revealed a long pin, maybe three inches of steel with a pearl head, flexing her fingers to extend it. It glinted in the light, sharp and thin. Curiosity and the remaining frisson of fear buzzed in his head like too much pinched bubbly at Christmas.
“You’d like that, wouldn’t you?” Ms. Adler let go of his chin, her eyes sliding from his face to scan the room blindly as she considered his answer. “No, I’ll take you at your word, though I may have to phone Sister Roberts. But here you are at my doorstep. You’ve dedicated yourself at Naamah’s temple?”
That gave John a proper jolt of surprise. Even Sherlock looked dumbstruck. “You mean, it was a patron?”
“Some help you were! Scary Cassiline assigned to protect me, and there you were with your thumb up your arse.”
Sherlock let himself laugh aloud, deep and rumbling. He caught John by the jaw just as John’s face turned back to him, and he kissed John before there was time to react. John’s confusion melted into a quiet, pleased noise, his lips parting to let Sherlock taste him.
She smiled at John, her expression bright with mirth and a little drink. She sobered somewhat, meeting John’s eye. “Is there a problem,
It had felt like the most bitter absolution when he’d been denied entry. If there had been one thing he’d learned from John, it was that there was no persuading a Cassiline once their mind was set. He was certain that if he tried to force his way in he’d be met with the same sort of discipline with which he’d seen John dispatch attackers.
Sherlock thought of everything he knew about sex-crime related homicide, everything he’d experienced in his short months as a servant. He couldn’t imagine how another servant, one who wasn’t wired as he was, who had no idea what to expect in such a situation, might have experienced this sort of crime. It made him nauseous to think of.
been drawn into the bad habit of gambling, particularly on horses. It was a monumental debt from gambling, as it transpired, that had brought him home to the City of Elua, Paris herself. And for what it was worth, they both saw the irony in one being a very unfortunate gambler and the other a worker in the pleasure house best-known for the allure of a good wager. But they were working on that--Jean-Julien was getting the help he needed.
Sherlock hated the sharp intake of breath that betrayed his pleasant surprise at the design offered to him. A stark black archer’s bow stretched out horizontally, meant to curve the breadth of his shoulders, the string un-nocked by the arrow that would run the length of Sherlock's spine. The shaft of the arrow was fashioned from twinned vines twisting, embellished with staggered briars tipped with red; similar red accents could be found at the subtle whorls at the ends of the bow, the arrowhead at one end and the fledging at the bottom end of the arrow-shaft, which would rest at the base of Sherlock's spine.
And still the waves roared on in the dying goddess’s anguish. His own never joined it, or so he hoped.
Would this have been the case, if he’d been assigned to a dignitary, some faceless head of state? Someone older than him, someone with a family and a decent, respectable career?
For all that his predilections were tamer that morning, Sherlock's remaining time with Victor was no less enjoyable.
“You may be able to work a great deal of this out in time with your own logic,” she said. When she met his eyes, her smile was soft, but her gaze was sharp. “We cognitive types are excellent at that, when we know how to do it in a healthy way. But your body… you more than most--”
In the picture, one of John’s arms is slung around Sherlock’s neck, the other one obviously holding the camera.  He happened to capture Sherlock, who was usually a scowling  prat as a teenager, laughing uncontrollably. Sherlock’s hair was much shorter, close-cropped as per the dictates of his parents, and John’s face was softer, before the military had trimmed all the baby fat from his frame.
Sherlock flashed him a grin before rising to slip off his own pants and climbed onto the bed, straddling John until he sat lightly on his stomach. John’s vision was filled with Sherlock, with pale skin and toned muscle and a slender, uncircumcised cock rising proudly from a halo of dark curls. Sherlock leaned forward, splaying his palm for John to lick it; once done he wrapped those long fingers around himself and began to stroke.
Sherlock fought to keep the frown from his face. His adventures? Did Jim mean his other patrons? Or--was it Sherlock’s secondary hobby, working with the police? To be fair, that did put him in a sort of danger that few servants of Naamah would ever face, but surely Jim of all people would understand the thrill of the chase. Jim had as good as turned Amelia Chamberlain in, after all.
and even tailed by a surly bodyguard, Sherlock was certain he could find some sort of adventure in the seedier parts of London. It was time to go irritate John.
The interior of the coat was a red so deep, the only thing Sherlock could compare it to was blood-at-night.
“Such as?” Dianne, too, held the same curiosity as her twin. Her hand glided over Sherlock’s stomach and sternum, arousal budding anew.
THEY HAD LET him hold her, for just a little while. He held her as tight as he could, her still frame little more than the heft of a bag of sugar. The muscles of his throat clenched around broken glass and he didn’t breathe, he’s certain, the entire time. His eyes burned; the salt of tears and the brine of the ocean are maybe not so different.
Three nights of no sleep, of blazing rows and even more incendiary leaps of intellect--this is what it took to get from “this corpse is the Ambassador’s daughter” to “this is where the suspect is, and if we go now we’ll catch him.”
Dianne leaned forward, cupped his jaw in her hand. “Your devotion is stunning. I pray we all find that someday, what you have.” She leaned in and pressed her lips gently to his cheekbone, and John fought the urge to jerk back. “If anything goes wrong, I swear to you on any oath you choose. My brother or I will call for you immediately.”
Sherlock took a deep breath and exhaled through his nose. “I’m yours however you want. I just need you to tell me.”
. Jean-Julien was no stranger to the concept of polyamory, and had loved Frédérique as fiercely as he’d been loved in return. He came quickly to trust that Frédérique did Naamah’s bidding, but that Jean-Julien was always the centre of his heart, and would be ever where Frédérique would return.
John felt that glow behind his breastbone gutter and nearly extinguish; the crook on his neck loosened entirely. It was true, and there was nothing either of them could do to stop it being true.
This chapter, in my haste, has been un-raked by human eyes other than my own. If you see anything, feel free to let me know. <3
Sherlock couldn’t breathe. How had he let his tendency to show off get the better of him so thoroughly he’d destroyed any chance of proving himself worthy of Jim’s time or attention? His mouth gaped, gasping for words, for apologies, but found none.
canon, but the real thing is actually a type of dart, or dart-bullet. The projectile is neat if brutal-looking, but the mixed-in pictures of victims is gruesome. 0/10 DO NOT RECOMMEND. D:
And the simple act of protection--it too went beyond the constraints of falling into training, of dispatching with efficiency of motion. Each time he’d interceded for Sherlock, there
“No need,” John replied. “I’ll figure something out for us, later, if you’re hungry now. Don’t wait around for us.”
I do apologise for the shorter chapter this week--it would've been huge-mongous had I not split it in two.
He fumbled to undo his belt, ripped it free from his pants, before wrapping it as best he could around her wrists. He could only hope that Mandrake training didn’t include slipping free from the sort of restraints it they might use on their patrons.
Sherlock wished desperately he could see Wilkerson, that his hands were free to grasp Wilkerson's hips and work himself along the cleft of Wilkerson's arse. Ne
Sherlock felt trapped, pressed into the window seat and staring over the continent stretching below them.
aspect was fascinating, actually. John had never seen someone who threw themselves so wholeheartedly into whatever it was they focused on. Not the way Sherlock did. This was fine when it came to inexplicably dismantling the toaster (until Sherlock went on a tangent about the eroticism of electricity play). The taunting was unbearable when it came to simpler things, like when in the middle of a yoga routine Sherlock broke concentration just long enough to wink at John.
You guys, it's been a WILD past three years. And I mean that literally--I got the prompt for this story on the way down to DashCon (yeah, that one) back in July 2014. Since the con ran from 7/14 - 7/16, that's what I count as this fic's birthday. So it's a bit fitting that I'm posting it today. It's... this whole thing has been such a huge part of my life for the past three years, that it's kind of unbelievable that I'm sitting here right now, about to hit 'post' on the very last chapter. When I finished writing it, I actually got kind of teary. I never thought this thing would be finished, and sometimes that was a great thing, but sometimes it was a nearly-overwhelming prospect. I'm thankful I stuck with it, and I know I wouldn't have been able to without you guys... without every single comment and kudos and bookmark that kept me going. So... thank all of y'all for that.
in the Kushiel-verse, we learn that Imriel and other scions of Kushiel's house (read: earthly descendants) have the gift of "seeing" the fault-lines in a person's soul, a means of finding the right way to manipulate or punish them. I thought this dove-tailed perfectly with both canon Moriarty and the way I've adapted him here in this fic. It doesn't diminish the independent singularity of his freaky prowess, his intelligence, or his cruelty, though. (Imriel is the protag of his trilogy, obviously, and isn't a Moriarty-type at all, even if other scions in Kushiel's lines are.)
Irene’s voice intruded once more upon his thoughts. “It is customary for a House to present a graduating adept with a gift at their debut, and each House staffs its own guard to ensure the safety of their servants. As I am no House, and have no such staff to offer, Sherlock, I thought it best to send you with your own personal guard. My good friend Mike knew of a recent Cassiline graduate in need of placement, and I felt the pairing would be perfect. Sherlock, this is Mr. John Watson.”
John sees him as soon as he enters the kitchen, and his face falls into a weird mask of conflicting annoyance and attraction.
Sherlock swallowed hard, offering him a smile. He had no idea what came next, only that if he could find his way into Lestrade’s bed, maybe the detective would listen on the next case.
Sherlock lifted his brows enigmatically, somewhat subdued. His not-smirk was nearly Mycroftian levels of mysterious. “I’ll leave you to your deductions.”
Sherlock stopped himself before the train of his thoughts jumped tracks, gave away Irene’s intelligence-gathering. Financial hardship for the Chamberlains, but they had money to burn via Victor Trevor?
“I’m fine,” Sherlock answered as he trailed into the kitchen, and then mentally kicked himself for it. Was that a standard part of these encounters, which he'd just rocketed past? His hands were shaking. This wouldn't do at all.
It wasn’t until the morning that John realised he’d forgotten his shirt at the water’s edge, but the night’s adventure seemed too surreal to speak of.
Jim ignored her, lifted a hand to John instead, to halt his protestations. “Ah, no, that’s not how it’s going to work. I have my attendant here to play house while you serve your vigil--I have a shrine just there on the balcony all prepared for you.”
When they collapse into a boneless heap a moment later, it’s the best Sherlock’s felt in probably a month.
Victor’s behavior so far--the hug, the lingering contact, the openness written clear on his face--was so beyond the original impression set Sherlock had gotten of Victor, the arrogant and brash man whose hauteur brooked little social nicety and whose temper flared so hot against Sherlock’s skin..
Sherlock didn’t know what to say to that, so he laid a hand on Wilkerson’ thinning hair. He hadn’t been sure at first why Irene would vouch for the squirrelly, unattractive little man, but now he had a better idea. It wasn’t the worst way he’d ever spent an evening, certainly.
John’s heart kicked up a notch. The space between them seemed to shrink, until his vision was filled with Sherlock’s eyes boring into his, the piece pouring from the violin like a finger crooked at the beckon. John thought of times in his past when he’d held a girlfriend’s gaze while they made love, and this felt just as intimate.
“Use your hand to steady me,” Lestrade murmured, and as Sherlock wrapped a hand around the base of him, he continued, “that’s it. Now, again.”
His stomach lurched and John squeezed his hand around his fist, absolutely unwilling to indulge in his first, most base instinct. It would prove he was too weak, too unsteady for Cassiel’s service. He refused to lose this one thing he could cling to. He
“Christ, Sherlock,” John murmurs, a solid rumble against his ear. “Who’d have guessed that Sherlock Holmes would be such a dirty pillow-biter? Gagging for a cock so big I had to buy an enhancement?” Each word is accented with the slow, sweet drag of the toy, cruising sinfully along Sherlock’s prostate, so tight against it he could swear he felt the individual veins that decorate its surface. “Would anyone else give you this? Could anyone else?”
John’s eyes burned, and he wasn’t sure if it was from fatigue or the emotional hornet’s nest in his head. He sniffed once, forced a smile for no one as he rounded a corner, turning onto the avenue that carried him toward a destination he hadn’t quite discerned.
Even from Sherlock’s supine position, his eyes closed, he could hear the smile in Mr. Ames’s voice. He suppressed the urge to snap,
had no shrine, and he’d "assumed" neither Moriarty’s penthouse nor the Belfours estate would afford him the opportunity.
Jim’s slicked back hair and fresh-shaven face looked so tempting it took every drop of Sherlock’s willpower not to reach out, to touch. Instead Sherlock dropped to one knee, his gaze steady on the floor.
“It’s all right,” Billy cuts in. His eyes gleam, and Sherlock can tell he just likes being around older people who might not censor themselves. Such is the thrill of pre-pubescence.
Another torturous drag against his prostate. “Who treats you better, whore? Who knows what you need?”
And forgiving trousers be damned, the remainder of John’s blood supply rocketed south until he was so thoroughly aroused his knees could’ve given out. He lifted a hand, pressed his fingers around the back of Sherlock’s neck and pivoted his hips backwards in a long drag before releasing Sherlock from his grasp. He turned, facing Sherlock, and drew his ear down again.
Ames bandaged him carefully and helped him shrug back into his button-down, a loose and dark-coloured one, before escorting him out to the lobby.
in the embassy. I was busy defending him and everyone else from a sodding ex-Cassiline and a lunatic.”
“What were you working on?” Irene asked, hoisting a generous mug of coffee to her lips. With her hair down, a plum satin robe wrapped around her frame, and the kind of lax posture that came of a prosperous evening, Sherlock could almost imagine Naamah herself looking something like this, fresh-tumbled with any of the lovers she took. And wasn’t that an odd thought.
John fought not to let his confusion show on his face. Was Jim Moriarty threatening him? Was this the excuse he needed?
for warding one of Naamah’s--Namaah’s--” despite his disgust, he still couldn’t bring himself to say the word
It was a cruel fate the gods had chosen. Every moment, every choice, every breath led to this inescapable crossroad. A sunrise, a sunset, the forever twilit North, and Cassiel at his back, urging him to choose.
That had to be the reason John was doing this now. It explained this, the light grazes, all of it. For all John knew, that’s all it would be. Sherlock took pride in his poker face, after all.
“Nope!” He grunts as he catches the smaller one by the ear--an effective maneuver his mum had used on him many a time in his younger days--and the bigger one by the elbow.
Silence. Words do not touch the brittle line tethering them, do not bridge the chasm between who they were and where they find themselves.
.” Moriarty’s singsong trailed off as he jerked his wrist free, turned, and sauntered down the hallway. Rather than heading for the main staircase, though, he went down the back stairway into the kitchen.
John blushed, thankful for the cover of the dock. Of course Sherlock would find that game childish, moronic. John could almost hear him saying,
John ran his tongue along his teeth, his breath steady as he closed the distance between them. When he spoke, his words puffed against Sherlock’s lips.
Halfway up the stairs from his bedroom, Sherlock’s playing finally resolved itself into something familiar: it was an old nursery rhyme-song.
Sherlock jerked back, unable to hide the surprise on his face. Jim may have had a vast social network at his disposal, but this was completely
“He’s contracting me for a night with--with Amelia?” Sherlock couldn’t hide the confusion and dismay in his voice. “Amelia Chamberlain?”
Out on the sidewalk, he made his appointment with Mr. Ames, volleying text after text with the receptionist, Ari. Come the following morning, he would have his marque in full; he would be free to go where wind and whim blew him.
“Not at all. Just thought I’d do something a little different this morning.” John sipped his tea, allowing his eyes to linger over Sherlock’s frame, his face.
How long they circled, chatting with guests hidden behind masks and much more concealing costumes, Sherlock had no way of knowing. Time became meaningless to the heat of a hundred stares, the weight of even the slightest brushes against over-sensitive skin. He floated in Jim’s wake, a ghost more than a bird of prey, only giving what he hoped were sufficient responses when guests spoke to him.
At this distance, Sherlock could lean forward. He could kiss him or flick him in return, but he settled on gripping John’s shoulders and letting out a testy snort. An aborted nod of his head made John relent, the ghost of an apology tugging one corner of his mouth down.
The easy smile John had worn while conversing with the receptionist slid away, locked tight again behind his neutral mask as he stood, falling into parade rest. “I think it would be best if we got back home.”
“Sherlock, erm, got tangled in one of the rose bushes,” John explained in mock-seriousness. “Dreadful business, you know.”
There was no shame in Naamah’s service, Sherlock knew, but whatever he felt seeing the two of them side-by-side and so differently situated, came close.
Blood sang in his ears and his head throbbed with it. Surely the stitches were pulled taut, ready to rip free from his scalp, but none of that mattered, not now. The floor dipped and swayed, and Sherlock fought to keep himself steady as he ran, nearly colliding with the walls as he thundered down the hallway.
. Wanted to believe Sherlock wasn’t just sorting through his mind palace; wanted to believe he was fighting the exact same struggle John faced. Wanted Sherlock.
In counterpoint to Victor’s rough treatment only minutes before, he let the silence between them stretch taut before stretching out to trail his fingertips along the outline of Sherlock’s musculature, the soft lines at bicep and tricep, the curve of his rib and the crease of where arse met thigh. Everywhere his fingertips touched tingled slight and sweet, until Sherlock was fighting not to lean into it, to coax it toward the places he needed to be touched, to neck and nipples and abdomen. Victor stood close, radiating body heat against Sherlock as he reached around to sweep both hands down Sherlock’s spine, his hips just far enough away that Sherlock couldn’t so much as accidentally brush his erection against Victor.
At this point the silence had stretched on, punctuated by those damned swishing cars. Sherlock scrambled to remember Victor had said last.
“What is this?” he heard himself asking, uncurling from his position on the couch to turn his full attention to John, who was currently bending and twisting, stretching various muscle groups. Damn, but that had been a redundant question. “You’re warming up--warming up for what, exactly?”
When that, too, cooled, John started at Sherlock’s shoulder, scraping and peeling the thin layer of cold wax with blunt nails. The scratch on the over-sensitive skin was its own brand of delightful, and Sherlock relaxed into it. The sensation of it peeling up was almost ticklish, John’s fingertips warm and light. John worked his way down from shoulder, along spine, over arse and thigh. When he’d removed the all the wax, Sherlock breathed deep, prepared for another round, but instead a feather-light touch, foreign in texture, trailed along the still-reddened skin.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped up from the line to find Irene standing opposite him, her thin fingers bracketing the back of the other armchair. Either she’d just exhibited better covertcy skills than she’d ever done in his training, or Sherlock had been
“Good, good.” The heat of Jim’s breath, the bite of spearmint, the graze of his stubble had Sherlock drowning. “Now get yourself together, pet, and go downstairs. I’m sure Irene has good news for you.”
“What’s this?” John asked, taking in the sight of Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson hugging. “Is everything okay?”
Sherlock wanted to kick himself. The dinner crowd was much heavier than the speedy service he was accustomed to later at night. All around them customers jostled, brushing elbows and chair-backs.
Each Cassiline fixed John with a stare worthy of Cassiel’s dour sternness, their dove-grey uniforms pressed and pristine, their daggers arranged before each of them in a gleaming
he'd found his prostate; in response that same part of Sherlock ached in jealousy, begging to be teased.
Sherlock pushed the thought away, and closed his eyes to focus on what they knew. How could he prove his worth, to Sally and Lestrade? To John?
I loathe giving actual accurate chapter number predictions, but I'd estimate that we're about 2/3 of the way through. I know this thing has been ridiculously long, my darlings. But the light is coming. For those of you who've read the trilogy, you might have some ideas as to where this is going next.
“The ID on the body is Sebastian Wilkes,” Lestrade offered. “Investment banker from Shad Sanderson. We’re preparing the body to haul back to the morgue for an autopsy and dental record for confirmation.”
Sherlock had been wrong--diminution hadn’t been the key to Wilkerson’s desires. He was a sadist in the strictest sense. Now
Moriarty, escaped from detainment where he’d been awaiting trial. The return of Sherlock’s Belstaff, of that damn diamond--neither of which he’d seen or really thought of since La Poveglia. They were an invitation, a gauntlet. There was no denying that. It was a call to play the game as equals. That’s certainly what they were now, though it was in a way that Sherlock would never have fathomed only a year ago. Kushiel’s Scion versus Kushiel’s Dart, with all the world as their chessboard.
“Sh, shhh,” she whispered. “You did so well, Sherlock. You took every last bit of your punishment, you behaved so nicely--”
Helen held up a hand in placation, her expression torn. “Yes--all right--” she turned and grabbed a satin robe from a hanger on the back of her door, slipping it on before stepping from the bedroom. He got the briefest flash of her marque, a trail of brilliant purple five-petaled flowers limning the length of her spine. Mandrakes, the house standard.
“--bombing the D’Angeline embassy in Washington, D.C. yesterday has claimed the lives of over five hundred people, and authorities are no closer to any leads on this tragedy. The bombing occurred at 4pm Eastern Standard Time, just before many would have left for home. The building and a nearby apartment building were demolished--”
Her question hit too close to home. Sherlock could only pray his surprise hadn’t shown on his face. Most people were sufficiently put off by his acerbity; he didn’t usually deal with this level of perception unless Mycroft was home on holiday.
of this leviathan being struck by lightening, given that spark of life. I've mentioned it before, but when MLC inspired all this, I don't think either of us had any idea it was going to spiral this far out of control, lol.
“Three or so weeks ago. Have you seen anything suspicious? A servant come to you crying late one night, maybe?” Sherlock prayed his memory of that conversation was wrong, that there was nothing to this wild hare he found himself chasing.
John looked down at the ancient vambraces, tracing along the arching line of a wheat stalk. A fine tremor kept his hand unsteady.
John looked around, noting all the club-goers jostling for position at the bar, winding through one another in the walkways, writhing on the dance floor. The music overhead thumped a driving beat, each subwoofer blast sending shockwaves that tried to replace his own heartbeat. And then it hit him. No wonder Sherlock looked somewhat like a deer in headlights: this kind of environment was likely an orgy of stimuli, too much for someone who kicked people out of rooms merely for thinking too loudly.
Sherlock’s mouth went dry, his eyelids fluttered quickly, raking from Jim’s eyes to lips to hands to hips and back. There was no hiding the overwhelming
Jim frowned, then turned to open the cabinet. Sherlock knew what he was after, even before he retrieved them.
Sherlock nodded and frowned, watching as Emile rose from his chair and exited toward the foyer. A moment later he returned, a large, flat box wrapped in brown paper in hand. A low thrum echoed in Sherlock’s head, in his nerves.
Sherlock was at a loss there--what did that mean, exactly? Did he need to get comfortable, or get comfortable in a sexual position? From what he’d seen, what they were about to do usually entailed someone on all fours, which didn’t look comfortable so much as practical. Was that what Lestrade wanted?
“I love you, John Watson.” Sherlock clenched one hand into a fist at his side, willing his voice to stay strong, his body not to tremble as he let the words fall from his mouth. Once he started, he couldn’t stop. “I have been arrogant and petty. I was an idiot, John. An arse. I never deserved you, but you stayed.” Sherlock was certain he was babbling incoherently, but he couldn’t care less. It was freeing. Each true word tasted like honey. “I love you.”
That didn’t mean, however, that he was prepared to show off his thespian chops by pretending to be Sherlock’s boyfriend in the middle of a gay bar for the sake of a case. Oh, but he would.
The joviality fled Emile’s demeanor entirely. He regarded John with something new, a respect, or perhaps concern, he had yet revealed. He nodded sombrely. “I will do my best, Cassiline.” This time when Emile offered a Cassiline bow, it was no longer the flippant, sloppy gesture it had been when they met--this bow was crisp, exact.
On his other side Apollinaire laughed quietly. “You are a wonder. It’s no surprise that patrons fight over you!”
Sherlock nodded again before the ball was pressed into his mouth, and he bit down. The straps slid into place around his head, holding the ball firm. The unyielding rubber made it harder to swallow, stretched his jaw wide like the first bite of an apple. Indeed, between being bound and being gagged, he did have to fight the instinct to suck in lungfuls of air, and had to rely on only his nose.
His knees buckled just a bit. He found himself shifting desperately, trying to find some sort of relief against the hard edge of the desk that dug into his pelvic bone. The rough scratch of the unfinished underside where his cock slid against it was delicious.
Deep down, a small part of him was proud he’d given his first female orgasm, even if it was only the much easier external variety. Just knowing he could get this far made him want to see this thing through, to exceed both Helen’s and Irene’s expectations until he’d brought his patron to her much-coveted bone-deep orgasm several times.
Luca was quiet for a moment as he continued his inspection, pressing his fingers gently against various lymph nodes.
Sherlock’s mind spun in place as they rode the elevator up to Amelia’s floor. He wrestled with his goal and curiosity as Emile led him down the hall. Before he could reach a decision they paused at Amelia’s door as Emile slid in the key-card. The door unlocked with a thick, mechanical click.
This was just another of the many intimate little dinner parties Irene held, a group of notables that surely were brought together to loosen information, strengthen a network of acquaintances. Per usual, Sherlock performed as a pretty little ornament, serving each course and dispensing wine and water like an easily-ignored garçon. The work itself was mindless enough, as thoroughly trained as Sherlock was for the task, save for the fact that among the dinner guests, Jim was present.
If he did this, if he went into that room and into Sherlock’s bed, he would be burning the bridge, officially and irrevocably. His oath to Cassiel would be abandoned in a way that went beyond words or decisions made in a moment of anger before the tribunal. He would be going in there under the full knowledge that his last remaining oath would be one he made to Sherlock, to protect and serve, to never leave his side.
“Not a chance.” It was a credit to Elua’s divine intervention that John did not headbutt his ward when Sherlock invaded his space. Instead he held his ground, did not let his gaze flinch.
“Isn’t that one of the Night Court Houses?” Lestrade asked the same time John asked,”You’re saying the adept got killed this time?”
Halfway to their destination, John broke the silence. The striations of shop-light and street-light streaked his profile, a many-hued wash. In Sherlock’s mind, it was a sharp contrast to the way he viewed the world: cut and dry, black and white.
As the song picked up, Sherlock began to sway--not the normal sort of upper-body jerks that most violinists moved with when playing, but with his hips, smooth and hypnotising. The movement combined with the playful, almost
Helen leaned back to undo her shirt, each button revealing the modest cleft between her breasts, a pale stretch of stomach firm and flat from years of horseback riding. Once free from her button-down, a lacy, nude-coloured bra was all that remained. Then she tilted her head, clasping her braid and working quickly to undo it. Her hair fell in thick waves around her face, curtaining across her shoulders and back.
Sherlock only stared at him. It was the first time John had ever broached the subject of his service to Naamah willingly.
The dance itself was an updated twist on classical belly dancing, and a simplified version taught to most servants of Naamah. After all, when Naamah prepared herself to lay with the King of Persis for Elua’s freedom, the king’s servants taught the dance to the goddess herself.
“So, little Cassiline,” Moriarty purred. “Why don’t you take a knee, start ruminating on your lord?” When John didn’t answer, Moriarty turned on his heel, and Mary trailed behind. “Happy solstice, Brother Watson.”
Now that attention had been called to it, John took the opportunity to frown at the contraption, which looked like something between a leather-padded sawhorse and a stocks, like those ones in all the medieval films. Its steel  padlock glinted in the low lighting.
Sherlock grinned, a flash of inspiration lighting up his frontal lobe: John wouldn’t do anything more than restrain Smith unless he had need to do so.
Sherlock didn’t have time for their little dance. He stepped into John’s personal space, uncomfortably close. “What I need to do next requires
“You’re thinking very loudly again,” Sherlock mumbled, his face mashed comfortably against John’s good shoulder.
And now Victor’s voice dropped, almost inaudible. “I’m going to milk you dry, you nasty little thing. You’d like that, wouldn’t you? Just to come again and again, until it hurts? Until there’s nothing left?”
Where skin touched soil, a tingling began at the base of his spine, spread outward like ink in water. John wished: that the earth might swallow him whole, that he could bury himself until he became the fertile minerals and decay, that his fingers were roots and his peace blossomed like wildflowers, a riot in the sun.
His heart hammered in his chest and he clung to his Belstaff as they stepped from Jim’s limousine and into the foyer. He forced his hands to unclench from where they grasped the placket when an attendant offered to take their coats. His cheeks, ears, chest all burned, and he’d only made it a metre into the manor. Then all Jim had to do was give him a glance, nothing more than a casual flick of the eye.
Sherlock’s gorge rose every time he considered that possibility. Surely no one who knew him would believe it. But he himself would likely suspect that, were it a case he investigated.
Stillness grew in his heart, steady as the sapling that had sprung from Anael’s acorn. Elua himself had pressed it into the clay, once-upon-a-time.
Lungs heaving, he tried to listen for a clue as to what might happen next, but nothing happened for a long time. Long enough that Sherlock began to fear maybe Victor had slipped from his study to leave him bound and gagging for who-knew-how-long.
Sherlock frowned as he watched Jim’s back. The line of shoulders and spine, the movement of his arms all spoke relaxed and calm. Jim was teasing him, surely.
Wilkerson's weight on the bed shifted, and the warmth of flushed skin pressed against Sherlock's thighs. Then a bony ridge of knuckles, the back of Wilkerson's hand, pressed gently against the root of Sherlock's cock right where it met his balls. Then another shudder of the mattress, and Sherlock guessed Wilkerson had dropped to his hands and knees, arse and hand against Sherlock.
Mrs. Hudson was a genial woman in her sixties who excelled at her job: she kept a fine tether on the chaotic house and always had polite conversation to offer when it was wanted--and occasionally when it wasn’t. Irene prized her, however, for her discretion. After several years in Irene’s employ, Mrs. Hudson had proven herself more wily and circumspect than she appeared.
“So you’re one’a dem fancy guards, then?” the ringleader cried. “Bet they didn’t train you in anything useful, did they?”
And still they moved together, Sherlock's whines and Wilkerson's quiet grunts hanging thick in the air between them, until Sherlock ached from the strain of his position, the tension of shoulders bunched and biceps curled, of abs and thighs working to find purchase for Sherlock's pelvis against Wilkerson. But Wilkerson stayed just beyond reach. With each futile thrust, the weights swung on their chains, jerking the nipple clamps until pain of it felt like Sherlock's nipples would be pulled entirely from his flesh and he could scream from the agony of it. They danced in this fruitless mimicry of penetration until Sherlock's balls drew tight and high against his body, until he was sure he would burst. Occasionally he felt the slick trail of his own precome against Wilkerson's knuckles, only distantly surprised it could slip free from the sound.
Helen lifted up, positioning herself until the tip of Sherlock’s cock nudged slid along the cleft of her labia, slick and ready.
Sally. And for once, she isn’t goading him. She sounds concerned, if only barely. In any event, she doesn’t need to specify for Sherlock to know she means John.
Sherlock could hardly find the energy to be impressed by this opulence, other than to wonder at Jim’s generosity.
Dianne’s laugh was now as bright as her twin’s was dark, and she shifted to catch Sherlock’s wrists. “You’re not too tired yet, are you
Sherlock spoke, breaking John’s niggling panic. “Naamah’s gifts come in many forms. Pain is an aspect of it in my experience, and I won’t deny that I enjoy that. But this… It’s different. You are a gift.”
In the stillness, the silence of Jim’s inner sanctum, Sherlock’s breath caught and stuttered as Jim detached the lead.
Ms. Adler nodded. “I will require the cost of your training from the price of your assignations, traditionally given to the House that would buy your
Sherlock thought a moment, really weighing the new future stretching before John and himself, all the possibilities it promised. There would likely be intrigue, he was certain, and danger too--they’d already decided to continue the detective work--but still, they would be together, with no dire plots, no government-toppling intrigue. They could make a home for themselves, a life together. He would never have guessed that something like that would be his for the taking.
would catch the telltale signs of a virginal priest pushed to his limits, fighting not to imagine exactly
Sherlock could just make the Cassiline follow him back to his hotel, deposit him safely for the night. He could even keep the door between his room and the suite locked so John would have no reason to interact with him, when he inevitably didn’t.
Luca blinked. Sherlock twitched, squeezed off two rounds right beside Luca into the floor. Luca screamed and scrabbled back, pushed to his feet. He nearly dove into the office, and the lock thunked as he flipped it in place.
Then Sherlock turned that terrifying eagle-eye on John, raking him over. "You take your tea without sugar. Is that a personal preference, or a dictation from your order not  to enjoy
HE SPENDS HOURS in the back garden. It is somewhat safer than the sea--which still calls in the distance, its roar a siren-song beckoning him in whispers and a seductively crooked finger.
After a minute of expectant silence, Molly rises from the bed. She retreats from the room with little more than, “You should come back downstairs. It won’t be the same without you.”
Immediately Victor’s hands fell away. “I knew it. Just couldn’t follow my rules. Well, we’ll have to do something about that--” Victor circled round and pushed him squarely between the shoulder blades.
“Did your first fuck show you how to come untouched, whore?” Victor’s words were poison dipped in chocolate, sweet and dangerous.
The following morning, Sherlock woke alone to a quiet knock on the door. The attendant from the night before poked her head in.
The bees buzz. The ocean doesn’t even whisper. The only memory in his head is the single-note strike of a piano in the dregs of night, the slow drawl of a violin lifetimes ago. The memory of being hollowed out clean, brittle. And yet.
Childish confidentiality slipped into Moriarty’s voice. “I really can’t stand that woman. It was a delight to pull her down a peg. Daddy is quite happy with you right now, Sherlock. Oh, Daddy will reward you just as soon as he can.”
She sighed and reached into a hidden pocket of her robe, producing a folded print-out, which held several names, numbers, email addresses, and physical addresses. “I highly recommend any of these practitioners here. And they may have other suggestions, but I believe you’d benefit greatly from a process called somatic experiencing. Feel free to look that up--you’d likely have a field day with the interaction between cognitive processes and sympathetic reactions, and hypothesising on the way that would intersect with your being
“Why are you here?” Sherlock snapped, and he hated himself for it. Hated the way he couldn’t help but respond, the way he
He'd been taught again and again what he must do in situations such as this, but he could not find the prayers to work through to calm himself down. Only the rough warmth of his calloused hand sneaking below the sheet, slipping beneath the waistband of his pants, to grip the base of himself, that part long-denied. Even at that, his toes curled, his breath juddered like the wind was knocked out of him. Ten years, he had gone without this.
Neither spoke for a few minutes. When Sherlock broke the silence it felt like a change of subject, but not a bad one. “I hope we didn’t strain your shoulder more than it was already.”
, though after tonight anyone who mattered in London’s D’Angeline society would certainly hear tell.
As ever, thank you so much for staying on the ride so far. Comments and kudos give me life, and I am shameless enough to ask for moar. :D
Sherlock leaned back in the computer chair, tilting it far enough the hinge groaned in assent. “What does it mean?”
Could Victor be using their familial tie as some sort of extortion? Sherlock wasn’t even sure how that would work. He knew nothing of Amelia’s family, true, but Victor had been a poster-boy of breeding and affluence, according to Irene and Mycroft.
Irene shrugged. “I’m not sure. I know he was shy of bankruptcy only a year ago. But now? There’s no way he could’ve invested or even shimmied his way into the pants of someone willing to make him a kept man. So I’d say that yes, he does visit the Houses far more frequently than he ought these days. Why?”
“John and I have just received… a care package.” Sherlock drew in a deep breath, praying he was wrong about all of this and knowing just as surely that he wasn’t. “We’ll be back in London first thing tomorrow morning. Seems we have a lot to discuss.”
Sherlock couldn’t think. Frail bubbles of coherence swelled and popped before he could envision any grander scheme. The pain was too much. His vision swam as he choked on a sob.
By the time Sherlock left Victor’s bedroom, fully dressed and with the slight stiffness in gait that advertised his well-shagged tiredness, Victor had already gone, leaving a tray of breakfast delivered by Regina and a small parting gift in his wake--a disposable PIN card with a note that thanked him for a night truly well-spent. Sherlock had gladly accepted the breakfast and the PIN card, which he fully intended to put toward his marque. Afterward he’d cleaned himself in the en-suite and dressed.
Sherlock blinked, not expecting questions when clearly the objective involved decidedly less conversation. “I--there wasn’t--”
“This was his, too. We’ve kept these things in our family, as an honour. In accordance with the old customs , our family has still sent the second-born to Cassiel’s service, a tribute to his dedication.”
A minute later, hands tugged at his arm, his lapel. John’s face swam above him, a tether to reality, dark blue eyes shining brighter than his blades.
And in return-volley, Sherlock had spent the day just as John had hoped: the flat was noticeably tidier, the lights dimmed until the front room only held the warm glow of the fairy lights and the fireplace, and standing by the fireplace with his elbow on the mantle was Sherlock, but that’s where John’s brain absolutely
Now here they were, feet pounding Peckham pavement, February air burning in their lungs. Marcus Smith dodged and weaved, only occasionally looking back before ducking into an alley or across a street.
Then John tugged the blanket away, until Sherlock was only half-covered. Sherlock scowled. He would be
John let his glance flick to her face, her wry smile and sharp eyes. She looked like someone he could have run into at the store, a stranger on the Tube, but familiar nonetheless. “No,” he lied.
Sherlock grinned at that. “Unlikely, when I have a working relationship with Scotland Yard and you’ve got the name of a murderess hidden under your pillow.”
Brother Vincent, the man John had considered his second father, strong and witty and fiercely intelligent, let out just one hiccup of his grief, which echoed around the sanctuary before he could clamp his hand over his face. Here he was, the strongest man John knew, crying.
Sherlock frowned, unsure of what to make of that. Many people had been surprised by the red fleck against the blue-green-gold. But this--something in Emile’s face read as
She only smiled that way when she hedged around a truth she didn’t want to tell. “I know it’s a sore subject, and it’s been a while since it’s come up--”
John looked up when Sherlock entered, the familiar pinched quality returning to his face as he took in the sight of Sherlock, flushed to glowing with the efforts of his calling. Then John's eyes cut back over to Ms. Wilkerson, flashed her a smile that indicated he was quite ready to leave. “Thank you for the tea, Ms. Wilkerson.”
Outside on the kerb, Sherlock still clutched at his throbbing cheekbone, glad for the distraction. If he couldn’t have the dossier from the Night Court Houses, he could at least have… well. A lovely thought to occupy his afternoon. And the potential for another inroad with London’s finest.
John tensed up again, the lines of his dark grey t-shirt straightening to rigid corners at the shoulders. He turned a wary glance at Sherlock, the muscle in his clenched jaw flexing as he took in Sherlock's appearance.
Sherlock closed his eyes and tried to blot out the noise his brain was kicking up: if this were a case, his teeth would have already been sunk in deep, his mind worrying at this problem like a starved dog over a steak. But the bombing was not a case--not his case, at any rate--and he still had his own responsibilities to account for more immediately than playing a political riddle-game. He forced himself to depart their company for the kitchen, to make his tea and collect his thoughts for the day--and the assignation--ahead.
Sally arrives first, hair teased until it stands with a life of its own, with little clips artfully disguised to make the shocks of white at her temples seem like a natural part of the mass. Bride of Frankenstein. Not exactly original, but she makes it work.
Brother Vincent’s mouth ticked in an apologetic grimace and his stare stayed on Elua. He didn’t speak for a long minute.
“Morning,” he said to them both. His tone and his smile were far more cheerful than anything Sherlock had ever observed on him.
Lorenzo pushed up and reached for the small cubby on the side wall, which was surprisingly intact. He tugged on a coat-hook and the entire cubby swung forward, revealing a cramped tunnel. The smell of damp earth and mildew billowed out to greet them, and even the warmth from John’s coat couldn’t dispel the icy fear that froze thicker inside Sherlock’s ribcage.
If there was nothing else Sherlock could do, he could pray for that. He could pray John got back the life he’d wanted.
Sherlock let his freezing fingertips card through John’s hair from ear to nape. For the first time in what felt like ages, he finally felt
Sherlock closed his eyes, fighting the urge to laugh, and forced himself to scowl instead. “You three are impossible.”
If you are a brave soul and choose to forego that warning because you don't want spoilers but still want to be forewarned, just know that I'll have the beginning and end of the triggery stuff denoted
John sighed and resigned himself to a simple cup of coffee, his appetite officially put off. It was probably for the best, considering how late it was. Would a diner this shabby have something as sophisticated as decaf?
“I had to clean you off. I’m sorry. It’s a necessary evil. Normally there would be other, more gentle ways of sterilising the site, but being what you are, I think you liked it too, didn’t you?” Wilkerson talked, not really needing an answer, his voice only a reminder that he was right there with Sherlock, attentive and caring even as he drew Sherlock past a whole new horizon of pain. A second wrapper tore. “Right now I’m wiping down the plug with another wipe. There’s a difference, you know, between penis plugs and urethral sounds. Plugs are designed for sensation, sounds for dilation. I don’t think you’re quite ready for dilation, are you? Not a first-timer like you. But your penis would look so, so beautiful, opened wide for me. Maybe another time.”
, so he wouldn't have felt that he'd be able to walk away without damning himself for breaking his oath. Talk about a rock and a hard place.
“Show me this pond,” Sherlock demanded, eager to put as much distance between himself and the doorway into the kitchen, that proof of a much more innocent version of his murdered friend, for just a little while. “Wait just a moment, though. I need to get something.”
Sherlock lifted their joined hands, turned them over and studied them more carefully than he might a butterfly having alighted on his hand.
Sherlock lunged, using Smith’s distraction against him. He caught Smith in the middle, driving them both to the cement, but now Sherlock had the advantage. He pinned him and twisted his arm, using the tension to keep Smith from breaking free again. “You ‘didn’t sign up for this’--who hired you?”
“You win. Therefore, I have to do something stupid as the forfeit.” John circled around to the other side of the beam, his head only a foot shy of the dock’s underside; it had been a dry summer and the water level was lower than usual.
“The others--” Sherlock blurted, belatedly remembering Cecily and Frédérique. “There are two other servants of Naamah--”
It was easy enough to contact her, to set up the interview. But Sherlock knew the difficult part lay in convincing her to take him on as a student.
Except, maybe it would. What if John’s behavior dissuaded Moriarty from wanting the assignation with Sherlock?
He returned to the drawer and pulled out what could only be nipple clamps. Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat--they were shiny steel, rubber-tipped and low-tech, the way all the best sex toys were, nothing more than a single piece of metal with the resistance of a pair of tweezers, banded by a small sliding piece that could lock them into place at any width.
In any event, this seemed far more sentimental than Sherlock was typically prone to. This--this was dangerous. This was tempting a fate John wasn’t sure he was ready to face.
Yes, this guilt was best taken to Kushiel. He’d never get anything done, if he didn’t lay his burdens there and take the punishment his pride deserved. It would serve far better than the tail-chasing he’d done all day. It would give him exactly the resolve he needed to let John go.
Next Wilkerson pulled from his magic drawer a few different implements: another, larger silk scarf done in an equally delicate pattern, a box of thick nitrile gloves, a several packets of alcohol wipes, and a thin metal implement, roughly three inches long and gently textured, with a ring at one end like a keychain. Beside that he placed a ball-gag, nothing more than a black leather harness affixed to a hard red rubber ball. He also produced a jewelry box, which opened to reveal a delicate chain and various metal weights. Lastly came an unattractive tube of medical grade sterile lube.
Irene had, after Sherlock's agreement, left him there to his fate while she and Kate went to run errands. Only John remained, still camped out in the front waiting area, likely scowling enough to scare off any clientele.
Instead he conceded to pacing the kitchen, ostensibly to study the few personal effects the room had to offer. He sincerely prayed he could find interest in a few accent ferns, a framed picture, and a refrigerator full of artwork from their--
His mood only darkened as he stepped into 221 to find his breath still clouding before his face. In that way only buildings could manage, it felt colder within, despite the shelter from the wind. The sodding furnace was out.
Fingers fumbled with belts, interrupted by the pressing need to kiss and nibble; Sherlock crowded John as they worked, until the backs of John’s knees hit the edge of the bed. John flopped backward, Sherlock looming over him, propped on one arm as he used his free hand to palm the bulge of John’s erection, freed from those forgiving trousers, constrained still by tight navy boxer-briefs. The heat, the weight of Sherlock’s palm against him, the twitch of those clever fingers around him had John groaning and arching up against it. Sherlock kissed a trail down his chest, his stomach, along the line of golden hair that started below John’s navel.
Moriarty uses speech associated with Daddy Kink. I know this isn't some people's cup of tea, but to me it feels like a fit that comes with canon precedence (given some of his word choice in-show).
He was lucky he’d rolled away to face the backside of the sofa as his half-asleep state led him to play out the natural trail his thoughts meandered down, the one where he got to ask John for what he really wanted: a kiss. It was simple. If it led to more, fantastic. If it was all he’d ever get, it would suffice.
“Brother Watson. I have made absolutely sure you’ll be provided for tonight. I understand it’s custom for you Cassilines to keep Elua’s Vigil?”
Sherlock pushed up to his feet, but left his gaze downcast. The soft chuckle Jim let out sounded like a threat and adoration in one.
Sherlock drew in a sharp breath. It was one thing for Mycroft to imply--another thing entirely for Sherlock to decide, and a wholly separate thing altogether for this
Sally growled and jerked his cuffs, forcing his chest to lift and bow up from the mattress, until his weight was balanced between his hips and his arms. “You won’t breathe a word of this to anyone.”
“You realise your evidence is inadmissible, Sherlock.” Lestrade started, scrubbing a hand over his face. “You broke into her sodding hotel room.”
Inside, he found Victor Trevor seated at a desk in a cozy study. As Sherlock recalled, Victor’s face was all hard angles and arrogance, the product of fine breeding and privilege. Brassy blonde hair swooped to one side, the beginnings of a light brunet beard softening his jawline. From where Sherlock stood, the only thing he could tell Victor wore was a dark blue silk robe, which framed the muscled stretch of exposed neck and chest in a navy vee. For a first patron, he cut a very agreeable figure.
By that time, Sherlock had tried every manipulative trick he knew, and John just stewed, the frustration blossoming finally as the private shifted in his seat, his posture finally starting to wear on the muscles supporting him.
Helen broke for the far end of the train car’s door and scrabbled to pry it open, undoubtedly counting on Cassiline discipline to stay his hand.
“If Naamah wills it,” Sherlock replied, laying the flirtation heavy in his voice to obscure the second meaning from his words.
John genuinely hoped both Sherlock and she would refrain from sharpening their claws. He didn’t have nearly enough energy for it.
John tilted his head in thought. “Is it--I may be wrong, but wouldn’t the House sell or release her marque if she was no longer fit to serve?” Disgust curled at the edges of his lips, Sherlock was certain.
“Since you’re so polite about it...” John withdraws in one ruthless pull, leaving Sherlock empty and gasping before leaning on his good knee, jerking open the nightstand drawer with one swift tug.
Sherlock’s lips should’ve been illegal, in that state--flushed and slightly swollen, parted around his surprise.
Sherlock let his confusion show in furrowed brows. For some reason his heart beat faster in his chest, though he didn’t know why.
Amelia’s suite was nearly a flat unto itself. It was all wide open space and a flowing decor, comprised of a main sitting room and two separate bedrooms. The ambient light of Knight’s Court’s attractions streamed in through the expansive windows overlooking Hyde Park, limning the suite’s shadows in an enigmatic glow.
After a little struggling, John worked himself free. He hugged the arm of his bad shoulder to his side, willing the pain to abate. When he finished he found Sherlock regarding him, the gears turning.
“One more thing,” Jim said. He snapped his fingers, and Sherlock obeyed without thinking. He stepped forward, slid down to one knee.
While he’d never actually serviced a lady, Sherlock wasn't unfamiliar with the female anatomy or how to best serve it. Truth be told it would be a reasonable opportunity to put any curiosity he might have on the subject to rest. He had other reasons as well, and he certainly did not wish to go into those with Irene.
When it became apparent to them both that Sherlock could, indeed, go another round, Victor hummed smugly to himself, and loosened the sash covering Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock blinked rapidly, the dim light too-bright after being so long in the darkness.
They were escorted up a back set of stairs along the service corridor. With John posted at the entrance, Sherlock slipped in through the servant’s entrance. Beyond the thin walls separating the back hallway from the front, public, half of the suite, Sherlock could hear a moderate thump of music, the din of fifteen or twenty voices mingling. He suppressed a frisson of excitement and went to change.
The heat, the tightness was different from a mouth, which Sherlock found fascinating. The texture was completely alien and lovely.
Just as the boat roared to life and they whipped it free from the slip, the final knot of guards stormed the
Sherlock gave him his best scrupulous deadpan as he balanced his unused spoon across the topmost creamer pack. “You play a deep game, John Watson.”
Helen turned and her light disappeared, except for the faint glow of a far wall; she’d reached a main track tunnel. John shuddered as the darkness pressed in around him, save for the dim light ahead. He ran as quickly as he dared to catch up.
“You look beautiful like this,” John murmured, sliding his palm over the now cool wax, the pressure of which was a ghost-like sensation over Sherlock’s spine. “The way the wax slides over your skin. Does it feel good?”
Sherlock didn’t waste a single moment breathing a sigh of relief, he merely took off down the hall once more.
The tone in his voice was somewhere between amusement and anger. Panic frayed the edges of Sherlock’s arousal, then, certain he’d just made a grave mistake.
Sherlock stammered as Jim held tight to his hair, his eyes scanning wildly over Jim’s clothes, desperate for any clues. Seizing upon only a few, he tried to make his brain work--but it was still terribly scrambled from the desire singing in his veins--Irene had never tested him under those conditions, and it made a world of difference.
John felt the urge to reach out to Sherlock, to take this ridiculous man into his arms, or something, but he wasn’t sure how. He’d never done this, had never been one for physical affection even before the Brotherhood. Instead, he went out on a limb and laid his upturned palm on the bed by Sherlock’s knee. Sherlock could take it if he wanted, or he could ignore it.
He made his way along the last little stretch and stood before the open armoire, which didn’t look terribly out of place, even open as it was, in the disaster that was this room. Inside the thing, though, was room to crouch and slip through a hole in the wall.
John and Sherlock strolled arm-in-arm out to the far edge of the property, where this promised pond sat in quiet reflection of the late afternoon sky. Indeed, thick brakes of bulrushes obscured the far shore of the little retention pond; it was just large enough to support a small dock one might sit upon and fish. Further off, a few sheep bleated in boredom from across a paddock fence.
So what could he do? He built the story of this goddess he imagined: a bright and beautiful son, struck down by a jealous god, his mother mourned him eternally.
Brother Rocaille rose, pulled several printouts from a manila folder before him. “We have evidence of your relationship with Mr. Sherlock Holmes becoming both romantic and sexual.” He looked down at one of the printouts and read, “To wit:
In general, Sherlock wasn’t overly fond of blindfolds--he preferred seeing his patron, taking in every last detail they put on display. It left him with no warning as to which direction a scene may take, no way to read ahead in the text. But Wilkerson’s statement didn’t require a response, and Sherlock merely peered at him through his lashes before closing his eyes.
Sherlock’s head jerked up, and the sudden motion caused his thumb to catch the edge of the spoon and send the tower toppling. The fork and spoon clattered loudly against the laminated tabletop, and one of the creamer packs fell on the floor. John didn’t hide his amusement at Sherlock’s failure at engineering.
Sherlock slid into the spell, that beautiful subspace where he could let go and rely on Sally to guide him. His body relaxed, doe-eyes downcast. “Yes--” He faltered, unsure of what pronoun to call her.
Kneeling between the two, Sherlock could feel their difference near-viscerally; Wilkerson, for all his exacting rigour and meticulous scrutiny, was nowhere near as socially adept as Jim. His meagre attractiveness fell away entirely, plain and dim when placed side-by-side with the last remaining scion of Kushiel’s lineage, who outshone him like the moon outshines a distant star.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and retreats to the dining room for some of the rather unimaginative snacks laid out there.
She drew a wet-nap from the drawer, tore it open, and sterilised the pin and the pad of his forefinger. “You may watch, or you may close your eyes. I’ll count to three.”
That was a fair assumption, Sherlock noted. Many freshly-sworn servants came knocking on her door, desperate to learn from and repeat her success. But even now in her thirties, Ms. Adler had yet to accept a student--her time was her own to command.
Sherlock, in the meantime, had been forced into staying with Mycroft, a confinement whose chafe John understood completely. Maison Adler seized, and his sole source of income in Naamah’s service decimated in the wake of all that had happened, it was the only place he could turn
“Next I’m going to use this gag on you, Sherlock. This will make it harder for you to breathe--your instinct will be to breathe quickly through your mouth, and this will prevent you from doing so. If you wish to give your signale, I want you to hold up three fingers. Can you do that for me?”
Sherlock recognized the logo immediately: it was from de Fhirze Investments, a global firm based in London.
, especially with their relationship being so new. It would be different for Sherlock, too, knowing what he knew now.
, he’d always pictured grim and glorious scenes, daggers shining like stars as he fought faceless foes for an imaginary ward. But the way his heart pounded in a fight and the way it did now was still a drumbeat he couldn’t fail to succumb to. He would have to stand behind and beside, fighting himself not to betray Sherlock just to relieve the world one Jim Moriarty. He would force himself to suffer Moriarty’s snide comments and side-eying, to focus wholly on Sherlock. Elua was the compass and Cassiel the needle, but Sherlock was True North, and that was all that mattered. If John murdered Jim Moriarty outright, he’d be worse than imprisoned. He would be foresworn, damned irrevocably.
“Have you spoken with Ms. Belfours recently?” Wilkerson asked. “She told me that the prime minister is coming to London next month.”
He whimpered at the idea, at the imagined gulf of humiliation of someone else--Regina, possibly, or--and this was a dizzying thought--John discovering him as he was, strapped to a desk, bare to the world. Would it be enough to tempt the Cassiline's celibacy, or disgust him even more?
“You make a valid point,” Sister Roberts agreed, unperturbed. “The priests to Angra Maiyu had their citizens burn and salt the fields, starve the livestock, poison the wells, and murder their loved ones in the name of their dark god. Whether you want to attribute her work to divine intervention or human, you can’t deny it was a very necessary thing?”
Above, Victor grunted, his rhythm growing erratic. Sherlock felt as his bollocks contracted, high and tight against Sherlock’s chin, but at the last second, Victor jerked free of Sherlock’s mouth.
The December air, a sharp wind up at penthouse level, sliced across the length of the balcony, a terrible accompaniment to the watery sun setting in the distance. John was certainly thankful to have his thick uniform coat, but he was sure that it wouldn’t do much to keep him comfortable after the first thirty minutes, if he even waited that long.
And then every last sensation drew from the periphery to his centre, pooled in his groin. His feet slipped as they pressed to find purchase, the stilettos unable to find a grip on the hardwood floor. His thighs and abdomen strained to press harder, to rock faster between Sally and the mattress. Orgasm loomed near, and all without ever having been penetrated, without once having his own cock touched by anything other than the bed.
“Go forth,” she said, stepping back. “If it is your wish to train with the Houses, apply and may Naamah bless your path, even as Elua guides your steps.”
He fumbled, finding the strength hidden somewhere to find his balance and lever himself up from her lap, the clench of the ropes nearly too much from where they bit in, sure to abrade and bruise if he didn’t get out of them soon.
“Relationship?” Sherlock tilted his head at that. Then his eyes darted over John’s face, and John could almost see the wheels turning. “Your last two years of medical school, but she wasn’t thrilled when you wanted to go into service.”
“That sounds like an incredibly fancy way of saying she kept a bunch of Zoroasters from spreading their religion,” Sherlock interjected.
As that first assignation loomed ever nearer, John focused more and more on the probability of having to defend Sherlock against his patron, and prayed to Cassiel as he dunked his teabag into his mug that whatever he found would not be as bloody as he feared.
They trudged on in silence, through the forest behind John’s neighborhood. The lambent glow of fireflies was beginning to peter out for the night, their mating ritual drawing to a close as the moon grew high, cold and distant despite the summer’s heat. Crickets and cicadas chirped incessantly. The intermittent burp of toads marked the beat.
Rather than wake to the familiar chirp of his alarm, he woke up to the prickle of heat sharp enough he’d broken into a sweat, and then registered the press of John’s body against his. Well, that might not be an accurate description. It would be more precise to describe it as John, still lying on his back, with Sherlock half-sprawled atop him.
He sidestepped Sherlock, then, hooking two fingers behind Sherlock’s belt buckle to pull him to the downstairs bedroom. Not once did he break eye contact. Once inside, he slid the suit jacket from Sherlock’s shoulders, let it fall to the floor. Sherlock shivered, but the glint in his eyes told John it had nothing to do with the loss of the jacket.
John stumbled forward until he stood at Elua’s statue. He laid his palm against the freezing marble rendering of Elua’s robed shin. Brother Vincent stayed back, and if John trusted his gut, he had the inkling that Brother Vincent had brought John to the sanctuary to prevent a blazing row.
John swallowed against the lump in his throat. It was ridiculous, he knew, letting a silly old nursery rhyme turn him soft and maudlin. But he closed those last few feet to stand before Sherlock’s door, praying the creak of an old floorboard wasn’t enough to give him away.
“A moment” stretched into ten, into twenty. Sherlock gave up his position on the seat to pace, to quell his anticipation.
Sherlock was highly surprised, then, when his mobile pinged one rainy afternoon two weeks later. It was a message from a strange number.
Sherlock’s body was the worst sort of war zone--equal parts horror and temptation that would rip him to shreds. He wished he could just die.
The idea of dilation, of anything pressing into his tiny, disregarded orifice suddenly took on a new and frightening dimension. He was now intimately aware of his urethra, of the pain he was about to undergo being an entirely new, entirely unknown quantity.
Adler was certainly off-limits, as was Mycroft’s home. The Kusheline temple? No, that was out--his arrival there would be only too easily observed.
Sherlock wanted to kick himself--of course their driver was gone for the night. He wasn’t due to be picked up until the following morning.
Furthermore, Mr. Ames didn't have a trace of French accent, and it was highly unlikely he'd spent any amount of time there learning his trade. So even though he was House-trained (Eglantine, obviously, as their bent was creativity of any kind), the extreme unlikelihood that he would be chosen over a native D’Angeline set a great bar of expectation for the quality of his work.
Sometimes he forgot just how beautiful his friend could be. It caught him off balance every time, and John burned with guilt. He wasn’t supposed to look at his mates like that. Sherlock didn’t see him that way, certainly.
delights again so soon!” Emile’s voice came out a stage whisper, obviously pleased. His head jerked toward the contraption they hauled. “
“No, actually. I’ve given up on apprising you of those, you miserable love-sick puppy.” Irene’s tone was warmer than her words, and she offered them with an affectionate smile, which only deepened when Sherlock scowled. “No, this is request for an assignation, and one I think you’ll find
“You all right, there?” John suppressed the urge to lay a hand on Sherlock’s elbow, lest he start stumbling.
“I’ve wanted you for a long time, John Watson. I didn’t realise at first. I was in the middle before I knew I had begun.” His laugh was quiet, self-deprecating.
Jim rolled his eyes, but all the sweetness fell away, leaving his words razor-sharp. “Don’t be stupid. It doesn’t look good on you.”
John gave himself the luxury of rolling this new truth around in his mind. It had been everything and nothing like what he might have anticipated: in turns tender and frenetic, lighthearted and serious, and every doubt met with love. There was a sense of wholeness, of rightness that John didn’t even know he’d been without. Being with Sherlock had done that.
Sherlock’s breath left him at once, and he could have dropped to his knees again, save for the way Jim held him up.
Where Victor had been all hard lines and sharp angles before, now his entire demeanor was curves and smooth planes.
The corner of John’s mouth twitches in a smug grin, and he swats at Sherlock’s arse again. “Slow down, princess. You’ll get this cock, don’t worry.”
John stepped back. “Fine. I’ll give you fifteen minutes to text me. Past that, I will come in, throw you over my shoulder, and drag you out bodily.”
He had identified it, at least--it was the part of him that missed his deceased parents, his sister, the various lovers he would never take. The spouse he’d never settle down with.
Sherlock swallowed, pausing a moment to slide that cock along the seam of his lips. When Lestrade groaned, he began: with lips and tongue he teased the head of Lestrade’s cock, drawing on everything he’d only learned minutes before while snogging in the kitchen. The slick warmth, the indrawn breath and the scent of him had Sherlock working him with more and more enthusiasm, until his hips jerked once. Sherlock caught Lestrade’s thigh, steadying himself, and felt the muscle there tight and hard.
Sherlock blinked, gaze still cast to the floor. He could see Victor’s bare toes as he drew still before Sherlock. “I don’t know.”
A frisson ran through John. His fate rested in the hands of these people. They were strangers, and his second family. The arms that held him close, in their way, when his family had died.
“What about you, then?” Sherlock asked after he’d returned and they’d sat in the booth for a few minutes, regaining the momentum Sherlock had previously interrupted. “What was uni like for you?”
--that tantalized him as he shaved (which had never been much of a problem anyway--thanks to his meagre D'Angeline heritage, he'd been blessed with a striking sparsity when it came to post-pubescent hair growth).
What he did, he did in love, and he knew that in his bones. Elua understood, and he could only hope Cassiel did, too.
. Sherlock recognised it as the masculine form of that word from the Ysandrine Cycle. “You have been chosen by Kushiel, but for what purpose I do not know. Have you heard of Phèdre nó Delaunay, of Iriel de Fiscarde, or Mara?”
“They’re coming.” Felippa dashed forward, nearly tripping on the same chair Lorenzo had only moments before, and snatched up the walkie-talkie. “We can track them this way.”
and moved on with wherever his life led them both. Sherlock’s life--and therefore John’s--would lead only to one inevitable end, and that end was Jim fucking Moriarty.
Most times, John’s gorgeous girth is enough. It’s enough to feel that fat glans as it pushes past his lips, slides slick and bitter across his tongue and crowds his mouth; it’s enough to burn sweet and sharp as John pushes in elsewhere, until Sherlock is seated on that lovely cock and biting his lip with joy, sure that he will be sore in the morning no matter how much lube they’ve used.
That was all it took for Sherlock, who came in the wake of John’s orgasm, riding out the aftershocks.
Lestrade himself wasn’t of D’Angeline heritage, but he was familiar enough with the culture, and he nodded appreciatively. “Good luck with that,” he offered, and leaned forward to kiss the corner of his mouth.
“I had to convince myself that I wasn’t condemning you. I told myself that the same thing wouldn’t happen to you as happened to the last one. I never wanted that for you.”
“You dare me to what?” John asked, more surprised than anything, but as his voice rang off the water and against the wooden dock surrounding them, he heard just how sharply his voice has powered his question.
Irene's expression sobered, and she studied Sherlock thoughtfully. "Don't say yes just because I've made a joke."
between France and Britain, the French Embassy in London oversaw the head temples to each god or goddess.
“Be brave, Sherlock. You can do this.” Wilkerson smeared a cold, thick dollop of the medical-grade lube across Sherlock’s glans. “Just getting you nice and slick.” His warm, gloved hand wrapped around Sherlock’s shaft, his thumb rubbing circles across the slit. “I have to make sure the meatus is well-prepared to keep from injuring you.” He waited a few beats, apparently watching to see if Sherlock would relent.
“Besides,” Sally lifted a manila folder she’d been holding, waggled it in the air. “I’m guessing this is what you’re looking for, isn’t it?” She grinned, a sour and mean thing.  “All these names and dates, and no way you’re going to see it!”
When John draws close to the dock, Sherlock’s curls are plastered to his forehead, longer now than they were back then. Though the years have left their mark on his face, too, John finds him just as stunning as he had at seventeen.
Hours later, in the confines of Lestrade’s office, Sherlock paced the floor, pausing only now to stare Lestrade down. “I did your job for you, got her to admit her connection
He tried to push these thoughts away as he paused between guests to refill wine glasses. It would do no good to focus on an impasse when there were potential patrons scrutinising his service.
mentioned their disagreement from before, John and Sherlock are now ensconced in Sherlock’s bedroom.
“Sherlock, I wanted to speak with you about the nature of your time with us today. Many people come to us when they know they’ve done wrong--cheated on a spouse, or hurt a friend intentionally, for example. But you--I imagine your reasons are different.”
Sherlock could feel years’ worth of rough trade, of handling guns and criminals and danger, and how in the bloody hell could callouses be sexy?
So, instead of embarrassing himself further, he raked over John’s appearance. It was always safe to ground oneself in logic.
His choice of words, the indulgent tone of his voice, should have been a turnoff. The idea itself would have even the most seasoned Valerian House adept calling out their signale before the words had left his mouth.
"Remember, love." She ran her fingertips along Sherlock's cheekbone, the ghost of a lacquered fingernail tracing his skin. "Every. Last. One." Each word was punctuated with a tap on his nose.
John was unfit for service. Sherlock would be better off if John resigned his gun, accepted his failure and his damnation. At least Sherlock could be assigned a better guard, if that were the case.
“Maybe you can teach me,” John said, and even after everything, he felt himself blushing again. “Erm. More about those wicked ways, as it were.”
A blue-robed attendant greeted him with a chaste kiss of greeting, little more than a brush of lips, dry and soft against his own.
The D’Angeline priest stepped forward then and took his hands, and John registered a hint of sadness there. His face, weathered with age but as but smooth-jawed as a youth, was impossibly kind. His eyes, hazel and keen, held John’s gaze. It felt like an apology.
Sherlock considered stripping unceremoniously right there--after all, neither Cecily nor Frédérique would care, and John… well. That was what it was. But Sherlock thought better of it. He didn’t need to fuel John’s anger, not from that Cassiline sense of indecency or from letting him see what damage Sherlock had suffered since last they’d seen one another. So he retreated to the plane’s cramped little water closet, the suit bag draped over the crook of his elbow.
Without a warning knock, the lock on his door rolled back, clicking into place, and the door swung in. It was Luca.
Sherlock suppressed the twin urges to completely avoid her and single her out to goad her further--since the very beginning, Sally had been vocal about Sherlock’s involvement in cases. On one level Sherlock didn’t blame her--his presence
Just before he tipped over the edge, John retreated all at once. Sherlock groaned long and loud in his frustration, knowing that John had done it on purpose. John had picked up on Sherlock’s tells fairly early on, the bastard.
“You are definitely going to hell for that one,” Sherlock giggled into the space between them as John rolled his hips that first time.
Ames shrugged. “Not sure. It was all the talk of the Houses when it happened--there had been rumours of Noualt making Second when she made her marque.”
The sky drizzled late January slush, grey and too-bright, as Sherlock and his mother exited the train station en route for the temple of Kushiel. Neither spoke as they walked the few remaining blocks; the way she twisted her wedding band, he could tell she was thinking of his father, and the fact that she probably hadn’t told him where they were headed. Sherlock’s father was raised good old C of E, but was more latent atheist than anything. While Sherlock had never seen them outright disagree with one another on religious matters, he could also tell that by their polite reticence that they’d likely come to a truce on that point.
. Jim Moriarty had been polite enough, but something about him had rubbed John the wrong way. Possibly it was the oily quality of his voice, the cold and probing way he regarded those he wasn’t actively charming--Irene and Sherlock, for example. It felt like Moriarty could see right through him, right down to the failures and faultlines hidden deep in his soul.
Sherlock reached up and traced the outline of Lestrade’s shoulder, and offered him what he hoped was a coy smile. Given Lestrade's behaviour at the bar, Sherlock could guess the detective had no problem taking the lead, which suited Sherlock fine.
But then the door to Sherlock’s bedroom jerked open. From inside, Sherlock looked triumphant to have caught John red-handed.
The door swung open. Sherlock and Moriarty barrelled into the hallway--Sherlock dazed and Moriarty thunderous. Then Moriarty
Sherlock’s heart was in his throat now, this opening going unlike any scenario he’d imagined. He had no idea what to anticipate, unsure what was expected of him from this line of questioning. This was not one of the typical scenarios outlined in
Amelia lifted the glass to his lips, helped him drain the remains of the generous glass of armagnac. The sweet, robust swirl of white grapes and vanilla-and-and honey oaking burned as it filled his mouth, slid down his throat. A little bit dribbled from the corner of his lips and hugged the curve of his chin, rolled halfway down his neck. Amelia leaned forward in her chair, ducking to lick the brandy from his skin. She kissed him then, chasing the taste to its last drop.
Moriarty paid the freeze no mind, strolling with unbroken posture over to the alcove where the shrine had been erected. John was certain it hadn’t been there the last time they’d been stuck in this hellhole, further proof Moriarty had manipulated the situation with a deftness only Irene could rival.
“Pity we had to drug you,” Jim crooned, pulling an exaggerated frown. “I had hoped it would be easier than that.”
had been another thing Sherlock had heard most of his childhood, despite only being a fraction D’Angeline, an eighth on his mother’s side.
John, face drawn in a rictus of rage as he fought his way to Sherlock tooth and nail. Tears blinded Sherlock as he dashed on, and try as he might he couldn’t push the thought of John away--he was dead, but Sherlock could
Smith halted mid-swing, and Sherlock jerked up to see, eyes wide enough for John to see the brilliant red speck from where he stood. In that moment John felt that crook around his neck so strong it nearly jerked him forward.
“What is it?” Sherlock snapped. Then, remembering their ruse, he softened his features, affected a dopey sort of concerned expression. “You know how much I love people-watching.”
The path through the hospital--for indeed, as John explained in a whisper as they navigated crumbling hallways, they were in the hospital rather than the asylum as Sherlock had assumed--was nerve-wracking in its own way. As they ventured further into the building’s  darkened bowels, every footfall, every rustle of fabric and creak of wood as they pushed past some part of a fallen staircase or rotting furniture was a deafening boom as they strained their ears for the sounds of the six remaining guards.
She loosed another laugh. “Smart, pretty, and eager. Oh, you will break hearts and bank accounts when you come into your own. I’m certain of it.” She stepped back, taking the whole of him in again. “I can do a great deal with that--I accept your terms, Mr. Holmes. Now, I have stipulations for you as well.” She rose, and circled him as a hawk might a field-mouse.
Both Eluine priests nodded in unison, and the D’Angeline priest spoke. “So be it. You are stripped of your priesthood and the sacred accoutrements of your position will be forfeit. You are relieved of your duties to Sherlock Holmes, who will be henceforth barred for application of any other Cassiline priest. You are excommunicated from the Brotherhood and declared anathema.”
Truly, the Cassiline assigned to Sherlock for the duration of the trial was unbearable. A dried up old stick of a man who spoke nothing but French, when he deigned speak at all. Mainly his job consisted of standing silent sentinel by the door leading up to the Cassiline quarters--likely to prevent Sherlock from intruding where he was certainly not wanted--or else staying two steps off of Sherlock’s arse whenever he went somewhere.
Irene clinked a spoon against the stem of her champagne flute as she stepped into the well-lit corner designated as her stage. The poise with which she held herself, the genuine appearance of her performance-smile (which Sherlock couldn’t help but recognise now that he knew her better) left Sherlock wondering what she would have been like as an actress, as an opera singer. But he quickly pushed the thought away, focusing on maintaining his submissive act just a little longer.
“I know it’s not the same, John,” Sherlock murmurs into the night. “But I hoped maybe the trip would help.”
John paused for a moment. A bewildering new part of him wanted much much more than lying down, but Sherlock was right. Too much too soon, and Elua only knew how that might fall out. And, now that it had been pointed out, his body was run as ragged as his mind was wired. He could do with some calm.
Shame gave way to arousal and Sherlock sagged against the doorframe, letting his body press along Jim’s.
Jim grabbed Sherlock by the hair again, wrenching his head back until he could see Jim’s face looming above, contorted and red.
And this time, when Sherlock was free to roam Wilkerson’s body, he knew: it wasn’t the acts themselves, nor the sensations they produced that pleased him. They were a lovely windfall to the real kink at play: exacting, rigorous attention to detail. Wilkerson was a man who took pride in his impeccable accounting for the Treasury. That his life behind doors would be no less precise came now as no surprise.
The Good Steward, who promised life and prosperity, the faintest drop of whose blood ran in John's veins. Possibly Anael would show him the way, where Elua stifled a laugh and Cassiel fell silent to his pleas. John could choose to trust The Good Steward to lead him on the correct path, toward life and prosperity, but John still didn't know which way was which yet.
Sherlock had sauntered his way up the stairs to Wilkerson’s bedroom, leaving John to watch him depart, that same grave misgiving John always had on an assignation, leaving Sherlock to the hands of anyone who might do him proper harm.
-- And I sincerely don't suggest googling 'flechette.' The intended tool I'm referring to is essentially just a wicked-sharp dagger that takes this name from
All his life, this had been the case. Every last person had avoided him in school, or teased and bullied him. Some of them had
The look of shock on Sherlock’s face must’ve told Wilkerson volumes. He felt his mouth hanging agape.
John fought not to growl his frustration. Before this he’d been staring down the barrel of a lifetime in the Brotherhood, training the young cadets that joined their priesthood. But now Elua, in all his misbegotten humour, had seen it fit to send him elsewhere. To test his vows in ways John wasn’t sure he could imagine. All thanks to Mike Stamford. “I’ll kill him.”
“Among other things.” Sherlock glanced to the discarded binder. “But it’s not some weakness on Lestrade’s part that allows me to work with your unit. He recognises the intelligence of utilising what resources he has. Similarly, you are what you are and you do what you do because your hard work has proven you are excellent at your job--”
He remembered the comfort and warmth of John’s hand on his shoulder, his elbow, drawing him back from a fight in the middle of the Met, and the weight of his ill-veiled disappointment, contempt at the assignations, the patrons.
Here he was now, begging to Cassiel to take him back into the fold. Relieve him of the nuisance Sherlock had always been.
Now the sign loomed ominous. His mother crossed to sweep a bit of clutter away from the keyboard and monitor before pulling out the desk chair for him to sit.
“He had a terrible row with a man there--some disgusting investment crony from a bank here in London. The things he threatened him with--! It doesn’t bear repeating. But I’ve given him a wide berth since then.”
John forced himself to breathe deep, to gentle his voice until it wasn’t sharper than his daggers. “I couldn’t pin it down. I knew of his record in Mandrake House and his ample connections both in London and abroad, but there was something about him--I couldn’t tell you. I can tell you that he forced my hand when it came to observing Elua’s vigil this past Midwinter. He threatened me with these exact fake emails.”
Many might think it a vain thing to hang the stars on a modeling career, one launched in a London pleasure-house. But it was a means, and for Cecily it was the only one. She had plans, so many plans, but all of them started right there in Camellia House.
Mrs. Hudson smiled softly and pulled her hand away from the mark on the doorframe. She turned, and patted his shoulder. “More than likely, love.”
“I can tell what you’re thinking, and no,” Sherlock answered. “You’re--I worry that I may not be able to help myself.”
It was Jim Moriarty. His oil-slick smile slid into place as he replied, “Ah, the infamous Cassilline. We haven’t properly met.”
succeeded in bashing his own brains in, only for John to arrive too little too late? He’d only just awoken when the klaxon had heralded John’s arrival.
Sherlock tipped forward, caught John’s bottom lip between his, a quick kiss as he stroked them slow and dirty. He rested his forehead against John’s brow. “Tell me to stop if you feel uncomfortable. You mean more to me than anything.”
John has never been a religious man. When they had talked of it, neither he nor Mary had any intention of raising a child in church. But the image knocks him sideways all the same.
After an eye-watering minute of neither brother blinking, Mycroft relented, his expression sour and his tone more so. “Fine. Whatever is within my power. You will have that one favor.”
The taped edges of the plain brown wrapping paper parted easily with the slide of Sherlock’s fingers to reveal an overstuffed white shirt box, like one might find at Christmas. Sherlock’s breath quivered in his chest. A large box from a mysterious sender--nothing about this felt right.
As soon as they could, the five of them ducked into a narrow alley, struggling to catch their breath. Felippa whipped out her mobile, thumbing the contact as it came up to her face.
By the time he was done, John had also gotten into his pyjamas and was pulling their armchairs back to widen the space before the fireplace. Sherlock dropped his own blanket onto the sofa and watched as John fluffed out a thick spare comforter on the floor, building a pallet.
Rather than speak, she stretched the garment bag on the bed, unzipped it carefully. Hidden within was the suggestion of cloth, a spangled gauzy fabric so sheer Sherlock could see the fine wrinkles of the bottom of the garment bag. Upon closer inspection, the spangles were tiny diamonds, hand-sewn onto the delicate cloth.
Ms. Adler let out a short bark of laughter, surprised by his bluntness. “Rumour is, you’re the first
Extraction came in the form of a police boat, sirens wailing. Sherlock, John, and Felippa all surrendered when a stern-faced brunette in plainclothes thundered toward them.
“Quite the miracle in this day and age, isn’t it?” Sherlock replied. “But that seems to have changed.”
The foyer John had been sequestered to was little more than a 5x5 anteroom that buffered the flat from the hallway beyond. Ventilation in the small space was terrible, which meant it was stifling hot despite the air conditioning that cooled the rest of the building in the oppressive summer heat.
Sherlock felt the hollowness of the words coming out of his mouth at the end, every fibre of him praying that further investigation led them away from the Houses of the Night Court, away from D’Angeline implication. It was too close on the heels of Frédérique nò Bryony’s implication, to the bombing and D’Arbos’s murder. He prayed his motivation wasn’t as transparent as it felt.
They couldn’t use torches, for fear that the light might be seen. So they trekked on, praying no floor would give way, no ceilings would collapse.
“Someone give me their phone. I’ll call.” Sally sticks her hand out, and Sherlock is surprised to find that he is actually putting his mobile into her hand. Not even John had managed to unlock that achievement.
Sherlock’s knees buckled and a sound escaped him. He reached out, but jerked his hand back to his chest.
“We have an appointment with Sister Roberts,” his mother answered from behind him, clasping Sherlock by the shoulders as if she thought he might run away.
After Victor Trevor, offers and requests for Sherlock’s service came in at a steady trickle: middle-class hopefuls and socialites vying for a night just the same as minor celebrities and political officials. Usually their gifts and payments made sense, although one unnamed movie star did offer him a trip to a sun-drenched island off the coast of Greece in exchange for something as simple as dinner and a movie. Irene had a good laugh over that one--there wasn’t even talk of Naamah’s services. Of course, they turned it down.
Sherlock shifted uneasily from foot to foot, all too aware of his muddled judgement, of the way John’s glare bored into the back of his head.
“I believe you would benefit greatly by seeking out therapy. I can refer you to several good professionals.”
“So you’ve been keeping a secret?” Sherlock’s voice trembled as he said it. John took it as a personal triumph that Sherlock of all people was essentially repeating something that had already been said, and it wasn’t on purpose.
Amelia laughed, completely unbothered by this comment. Sherlock found it likely the Chamberlains’ was an open arrangement, as it was not uncommon among D’Angeline upper-class. “Jim tells me you play violin, Sherlock. Is that true?”
After an hour, his lips and cheeks were pricked and bleeding from rose thorns where he’d bent to pick the stems up with his teeth. Every joint ached, every muscle felt the strain of the morning's task. Sweat rose and collected, rolling in tingling little trails from his hairline. The rough wood-grain was hell on his knees, and he'd have rope-burn for a week. He was so hard it hurt--and of course, the wily bitch had anticipated that when she’d rigged up some of the rope as a makeshift cock ring, keeping him desperate.
Aloud he said, “I am so, so sorry for this.” And then he brought the butt of his SIG down against her head, knocking her out cold. He looked at her a moment, then checked her pulse. She was alive, and unconscious. Hopefully it would buy him enough time to sound some sort of alarm.
Amelia rose abruptly and stalked off into the hallway, her stilettoes clicking harshly against the hardwood as she left.
But the noise that came after was worse. Sherlock moaned, a deep and needy sound that twisted John’s stomach even more.
When he didn’t answer, she added, “It’s up to you to see this as a blessing or a curse. No one else can decide that for you. I can say this: may you find comfort in his mercy, and don’t ever mistake your ability to yield as a weakness. I have no idea why Kushiel has chosen you, but he has.”
“Too good to speak to Daddy, are we?” The way Jim’s tone slithered between words felt like the opening notes of a pretty little melody, tempting and barbed.
If he performed well for both Amelia and Jim,  surely Jim would take him in a private assignation. Elua, he could only hope.
Jim’s hand trailed along a score on Sherlock’s stomach, hovered over the fine edge of Sherlock’s dark pubic hair. He pinched a small bit and tugged. “Did she ever tell you of their connection?”
Worldly ways--like his idiot ward, who threw himself in harm’s path for the whims of pleasure and money. Beneath all the cold intellect and calculated, coy smiles, John caught glimpses of a man altogether different. Sherlock Holmes was his fierce intelligence, yes, but he was so human, easy to damage and harder to repair.
But for Sherlock? This treatment formed its own pleasure: here he was, not as a highly coddled servant of Naamah, but as what any society would look down upon as its lowest common denominator, giving himself over to the pleasure of others, his own dignity shoved to the side. It was intoxicating to someone cursed with Kushiel’s Dart. So for each set of greedy fingers pushing fifty- and hundred-pound notes into the hemlines of his costume, Sherlock revealed just a slice of that desire coursing through him.
“What are you on about?” Sherlock asked, and in his focus he hadn’t bothered with making his tone softer, but Mrs. Hudson only snorted at the sharpness of his words.
Sherlock couldn’t help how hard he was now--and surprisingly, the plug did nothing to hinder his erection. There it was, just the familiar thrum of arousal wrapped tightly around this little steel rod, only three inches long.
Sherlock crawled to the tray, which contained a plate of some sort of greasy-looking casserole, two capsules that looked like antibiotics, a bottle of water.
Sherlock rose; a thick strand of saliva extending from Victor’s cock to his lower lip stretched and snapped. Sherlock could almost imagine the picture he made: eyes tear-bright, lips flushed and wet, chest heaving, hair a mess. Elua, he needed.
Victor released his hair, and then strong hands gripped Sherlock’s shoulders and pushed him to his knees. Sherlock's hands strayed to Victor's hips, both for balance and to let his cheek brush against Victor's cock, which had begun to tent the silk robe in a rather distracting way.
“The damages seem to be done by two people, in order to accomplish it so quickly. These two would be pre-teens or teenagers--old enough to get around without supervision and to feel estranged enough from their peers to be malicious.”
Who said he was swooning, anyway? D’Angelines, no matter how thin the traces, appreciated beauty. It was in Sherlock’s blood to find pretty things eye-catching. It was his job, however, to make sure he was the one doing the distracting.
“The way your voice sounds when you take charge--I won’t be able to think of anything else the next time we’re on a case together.”
Sherlock fought with every ounce of his energy to remain upright, to keep his mind whirring fast enough to stay apace. It was only the faint beat of a distant drum that gave him strength.
Irene pitched the offer on a lark, but Helen’s credentials snared Sherlock’s attention and held it for ransom.
When Amelia returned and Sherlock dropped his little bomb on her, John’s thumb was already swiping across the glass, mashing the little green
Halfway through the song Sherlock started to shift his weight, to pivot in place as if to turn and follow whomever he’d zeroed in on; then he dropped low and dragged that arse directly up along John’s flies. Instinctively John’s hand clutched at Sherlock’s stomach, the desire thrumming so hard in his system it nearly drowned out the music.
“Now I want you--” Sally didn’t have to finish before Sherlock toed off his stilettoes and moved forward.
), and as such consent is granted. And Victor does check in with him, and provides aftercare, but during the scene itself a-cumberbatch-of-cookies originally had some issues about full consent vs Sherlock only wanting to go through with it because of the contract... I have endeavored to rewrite and make his enjoyment more clear, but just in case I did want to give you a heads-up.
They took the stairs as quickly as they dared without sacrificing silence, stepping against the wall at the edges of the steps to prevent them squeaking. The second-floor landing sat just as still, the late-morning light streaming through the window, cascading over a bouquet of flowers perched on a small side-table.
“You broke up before that conversation came up? She cheated on you.” Sherlock looked back down to his little tower, and added his fork crossways atop the spoon.
The fingers in Sherlock’s hair tightened, and he surged forward, pressing his cloth-covered cock against Sherlock’s cheek, nose. Gorgeous heat and scent barraged the senses. “D’you want it?”
With that he licked a long line across the underside of the small ridge along John’s lower abdomen where the sparse trail of hair spread and led further down.
John thought for a moment. “You were picked by Kushiel--but is that why you serve Naamah rather than become one of his priests?”
“Earn your keep or apply for reassignment,” Sherlock snapped back, finally reaching his surly Cassiline limits. “I assumed you’d enjoy this aspect of my day-to-day life. You're married to your work, in a sense, and so am I. I’m not only useful for Naamah’s business.”
The bleeding had stopped sometime before, and the cuts were shallow enough that it left only the lines afterward; they would heal clean. His fingertip left a burning trail in their wake, and Sherlock closed his eyes, sinking into it, rather than linger on the sting of Jim’s slight.
The priest led him back to the baths, where Sherlock had come from. Attendants gently sponged his wounds clean, saltwater its own antiseptic burn that left Sherlock feeling a little more present-minded, and they dressed his wounds with care, using what it took to help to mend the wounds but nothing for the pain--no, that was the price, that was the whole point for coming to this sacred place. Kushiel’s graces were wasted, if one did not feel the act upon their skin beyond the temple walls.
Rather than heed his advice, the ringleader threw himself forward with a grunt, and John went into action.
Liliane leaned forward, cupped his jaw in her soft palms, forcing him to look her in the eye. “You have done exactly as Cassiel did, as Elua bid us all.”
Sherlock felt his eyebrows raise. If this prat was about to flap on about his precious commissions as an excuse for a subpar design, or to assume Sherlock would be besotted with whatever they threw at him, it wouldn't work.
Sherlock stood by the fire in nothing more than his dressing robe, a pair of women’s knickers, and silk thigh-highs that had John ready to faint. And the heels, sweet God in heaven.
“Shut it,” John said mildly. “I may not be a doctor, but I’m not an idiot. Just let me make sure whatever’s under there doesn’t need tending to.”
It’s been so long, so long since that photograph was taken. Ages and eons. They had lived through a lot in the last fifteen or so years--uni and the military dragging them continents apart, serendipity and St. Bart’s bringing them back together before Reichenbach and Mary Morstan almost broke their bond irreparably.
But a whole montage of impressions lingered any time he thought about the Cassiline beside him; not the least of which was Midwinter Night, the way his thoughts had divided both jagged and nebulous between John and Jim as he toasted for
The priest whipped him until he sagged, weak and hoarse, his back so aflame he only distantly felt the sharpest of the pain where the metal had eventually cut his skin, the slick of blood a bizarre balm.
A slow intake of breath hissed across the recording. “So glad you didn’t pick up, John. Was rather hoping this would go to voicemail, so I could do.. a little confessing, if I might.”
John sidestepped, his face a rictus of silent scowl. He waved his hand in the general vicinity of the teapot, unable to word any phrase that wouldn’t make those thoughts obvious.
The man who joined her was tall, whipcord thin but trim for it, dressed in a bespoke suit that did him all sorts of favours. His curly hair made him appear ten years younger than his baritone voice betrayed him to be, but he looked sheepish for all that, shy in a way no servant of Naamah would ever be. Not even, as John understood, the false modesty of Alyssum House.
A slight creak disrupted his warm calm: the door to his bedroom opened and an intruder let out a pleased hum. A familiar spicy scent filled the air, and Sherlock fought not to lose his balance.
When he rounded the corner, there was indeed a narrow platform. There was also a single-car train. This
A crippled civilian who could protect Sherlock no better than a commoner, thanks to a ruined shoulder and a defect in his brain. Sherlock would have absolutely no use for him, then. He’d be dismissed, and utterly alone.
He looked up to realise he’d been glaring at the granite, that she stood directly opposite him at the island, hands braced wide on the worktop.
“It’s not as if I’ve been your favorite, either, freak.” The term, which had once been an insult Sherlock hated to hear, held a new sentimentality that almost made him smile.
“It’s a done deal, Sherlock.” Lestrade insisted. Then his voice softened just a fraction. “I know you have your reasons for wanting him to be innocent.” He huffed a breath, but continued before Sherlock could interject. “As much as you don’t like to admit it, Naamah’s servants always have a soft spot for their patrons. It’s likely the only reason you’re marginally nicer to me than you are to anyone else here. But you can’t ignore the facts. We all miss things.”
will have the opportunity to find out exactly what skills I hired Mary for, should you attempt to leave your post. She hides her daggers in
A creak outside his door jerked his thoughts away. Sherlock glanced to find a shadow blocking the light coming from under his door. He slid the bow along the strings once more, pretending to continue uninterrupted as he moved silently toward it. The shadow didn’t leave.
He found himself surprised to notice the difference in scent, on his knees before Helen; it was entirely different than the musky male notes he was accustomed to, but it was somehow no less enticing. He would have to file that away for later examination.
Sherlock turned to see John enter, his face haggard and his eyes red-rimmed from a night of meditation. As physically demanding as Sherlock’s night had been, he couldn’t imagine performing Elua’s Vigil. It was an exercise in pointless austerity.
His nerves rattled through him then, shaking his hands and churning his stomach. From a thousand miles away, John murmured into his mobile.
Sherlock blinked hastily and reached for the teapot. He busied himself with the safety of making his cup, and tucked into breakfast rather more earnestly than he had done in quite a while. For a few minutes they ate in silence, and Sherlock spent the time analyzing all the different possible outcomes this particular situation held.
John stopped pacing, staring instead out of the window, which overlooked Elua’s open-roof sanctuary. He looked down upon the statue in the centre, its worn facade even more ancient than that of London’s Eluine temple. Few of the features were really discernible from overhead, but John couldn’t help but stare at Elua’s upturned palm, the one he’d taken Cassiel’s knife to.
It hadn’t been until Sherlock’s “death” that the dam broke, and John realised what a huge mistake he’d made, wasting time on denial. But then there was Mary, whom he’d clung to as a pillar. When he finally admitted to himself that he loved her, it felt like a bittersweet betrayal, but one he could only carry so far. Sherlock was dead and gone, had been for eighteen months.
Sherlock loathed menial labour, and there must have been something to Helen Belfours’s cunning to have guessed that so easily. The request had been deceptively simple: a rather nude Sherlock was to clean up a large, tangled pile of roses Helen's gardner had carelessly spilled on the floor of her bedroom, and then arrange them in a vase before Helen came back from her morning walk.
Sherlock huffed impatiently, the state of another Servant of Naamah neither here nor there to him. But curiosity took hold of his mouth and he found himself asking, “Why didn’t you? She wasn’t in any state to get up onto your table.”
Afterward, he and Lestrade both agreed it was probably best their encounter was a one-time affair. Sherlock couldn’t help but feel somewhat rejected, but he supposed it was for the best, as he confessed his oath to follow Naamah’s path.
Sherlock is inches from him now, and even in the weak moonlight John can read his face easily: ruddy, full lips parted only barely, head tilted somewhat as he watches John carefully. When John snakes a tentative hand upward to brush through Sherlock’s sopping curls, Sherlock’s eyes flutter shut, and John tugs him down for a kiss.
Sherlock moaned again, tried to tilt his hips out to catch some sort of friction against his cock, to stoke him until the only thing keeping his orgasm in check was the slender rod plugging his slit.
John looked up to see that the one with tattoos had Sherlock pinned against the alley wall, and before he could accurately assess his hands went for his daggers--
John stepped away and whirled to face the door, his mind finally hitting that silent calm. Only that high, clear note rang in his ears. It was just faint enough to draw the consciousness to the centre, which let instinct direct muscle memory.
John peered around the rest of the room: close quarters, spartan decor. It still held all the signs of being a guest bedroom despites his months of living there. There was no escaping that he was still a stranger here, an alien in a foreign land.
“Let’s say this is true,” Lestrade started, everything about him screaming fatigue and frustration. “Okay,
Lestrade, maybe seven years Sherlock’s senior, huffed a laugh as his hips rocked forward, brushing Sherlock’s. “Is that what the kids are calling it these days?”
“Oh, God...” Sherlock’s moan was muffled by the door, but John was suddenly so hyperaware it sounded as loud as if he’d been standing over him. “God, yes.”
Polyamory was something free-loving vegan hippies did, John was sure. Something no intelligent, self-respecting person would buy into. Certainly not respectable
John stills beneath him, letting him take what he needs, and Sherlock is wordless in his thanks--his gratitude spilling out in a series of consonant-less noises that echo back at them from the still of the bedroom.
That night, Sherlock lay tangled in his sheets, desperately listing the periodic table backwards in an effort to bore himself to sleep. From Ununoctium to Lanthanum, he could only replay his encounter in the kitchen. From Barium to Yttrium, it was the way Jim’s scent filled his head, and Strontium to Scandium was that melodic voice tipping downward in an inflection so sinful Naamah herself would blush. By Aluminum, the only thing he could think of was the heat that came off Jim, nearly chest to chest as they’d been.
And Sherlock, as the food had filled him and the cherry Coke had invigorated him, had turned sideways to stretch his legs along the booth, resting his back against the cool window. He launched into a meandering discussion that was nothing short of entertaining: he deduced the couple up by the register were in fact meth-makers, the table of ladies two booths away were all in college nearby and that one of them had just discovered she was pregnant. A gaggle of very drunk men in Carhartts and workboots who stumbled in were all on their way back from a local gay bar. This bled, uncharacteristically, into a story about Sherlock’s first experience at a gay bar--and being the only one of their number actually hit on by a woman.
Frédérique’s overlarge Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed. His voice came out in a creak drier than the rustle of the wind in the husk of a grasshopper. “Bonjour.”
Sherlock merely nodded, a minute dip of the chin. “What was her name, Mr. Ames? Any information you have--it may be quite important.”
“No, of course not. Not even servants of Naamah are as perverted as you make us out to be, John. What a twisted mind you have--”
A sharp rap broke the tension, and Sally stuck her head in. She glanced at Sherlock just the same as she scanned everyone else in the room. Sherlock wasn’t sure if he should feel thankful or snubbed for that. He tilted his chin and looked back to Lestrade, determined to match her behavior. He avoided John’s eyes--there was absolutely no reason his damned guard should make him feel ashamed.
Sherlock buried his face in his arms and hoped the table would swallow him whole. It was odd, though. What did it matter if this man saw? Any client would certainly see that and much more, and be just as much of a stranger. Was it simply the context?
He closed his eyes as he pressed one bare foot and then the other into soft, rich soil. Beneath the open sky, he didn’t need his sight to find his way to Elua’s feet. Sweetgrass and wildflowers whispered around his calves, bent in the gentle breeze that wafted in from above. A calmness he’d not felt in so long stilled his mind, brushed the cobwebs from his chest and filled his lungs. When the ground tilted upward, he knew he’d reached the mound in the centre that supported the statue. John opened his eyes, drank in Elua’s dim-lit face looming above him.
The blush of arousal blanched, her mouth caught in a worried downturn. “I’m--I’m getting it now. Thank you, Mal.” Helen rose as footsteps receded from the door, snatching her mobile from her trouser pocket. A few taps later, and her expression shuttered, the mood now completely broken.
John, who wasn’t more than a stroke behind him, groaned good-naturedly. “All right, all right. You win. So what do I have to do?”
Even that thought was welcoming. He’d gladly wear the reminders of his time with Helen Belfours for the next week.
Mycroft, with whom he hadn’t spoken in several months, hovered primly on the little sofa in Irene’s sitting room, teacup pinched between his fingers. He made pleasantries with Irene and Kate, but by the time they took their leave, Sherlock could see the tightness around Mycroft’s eyes, the level of ire he was fighting just at having to indulge them.
Sherlock saw no harm in that--oh, dear, she would train him in her arts and he would have to tolerate more schooling? He could endure inane language courses and apallingly simple maths or whatever it was, for the opportunity to learn from the best. “You have a deal.”
“You’re going to need to talk to Mycroft. We’ll need to move as quickly when we can when we touch down.”
In the meantime, Sherlock did whatever was necessary to keep his mind from the cancerous horror of the situation. He recited the verses that accompanied each position in
The boundary-pushing was one thing in the privacy of their flat, but this was a bit not good, and he made sure John knew as much before he relented.
Sherlock swallowed hard as she took his chin with forefinger and thumb, tilting his face down to inspect for herself. Skeptical green eyes studied his, commanding his attention, but after a moment her sure smile faded, replaced by a slight parting of the lips.
Still, it left Sherlock reeling from the third about face to happen in as many minutes. Jim always found new ways to keep him on his back foot, to retain the lead in this dance of theirs.
After brushing his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, John seemed to take annoying Sherlock in this way as a side-challenge. There were grazes of fingertips across the back of Sherlock’s neck as John might move from the sofa to the mantel in search of some scrap of mail while sniping about bills being paid. Light palms laid to shoulders. John leaning in far too close to mutter innocent questions like, “Anything you need from Tesco? I’m about to pop out.”
“So you’ll not come banging down my door, expecting me to risk my job, just because we’ve fucked?” Lestrade asked, and this time his tone was gentler, milder than it had been all night.
Dianne de Fhirze was a striking woman: late thirties, night-dark skin and moon-bright eyes, a mischievous quirk to her lips.
He spared a glance for the Cassiline at his shoulder, entirely surprised to see the shape of an unrestrained smile, the way laugh lines creased his cheeks and bunched at the corners of his eyes. For half a second, Sherlock’s senses must’ve caught muddled signals from a restaurant nearby--he breathed in the faintest whiff of apples, sweet and crisp like the fall harvest. Just as quickly it was gone, replaced by the sharp January air and the familiar stink of London.
John’s shoes crunched quietly on the grit of the carpark as he crossed over to stand at Sherlock’s shoulder.
“--My Lord Cassiel, please--lend me your strength and your conviction. Purge my flaws--make me a Perfect Companion. I cannot see the correct way forward on the path you’ve set me on. Take this from me, or else release me into Elua’s damnation--”
means--usually it’s something secret and dear. What could be so special about a pirate?” Jim traced the underside of one pectoral, a neat path of agony following in its wake. “Are you ready to give it to me, pet?”
John caught Sherlock glancing at him, then. Sherlock’s expression betrayed a flicker of fragility before he shook it off, closed his eyes to think. That moment, though: the marginal widening of those eyes, blue-green-gold with that unmistakable red mote, the minute slackening of the jaw--little more than parting the lips, really--was just another pang straight to John's sternum.
He pressed his lips to the centre of her pubic mound, right amidst the patch of hair, a wet little kiss as he let the point of his tongue flick along the top of her opening. He shifted, trailing kisses to frame her mound as he worked up the courage to delve lower along the smooth skin of her labia. The scent of her tangled his brain in knots, and he knew he worked with Naamah’s blessing.
But Luca, whether from loyalty or for his own safety, would either ignore the questions as if Sherlock’s Italian were not good enough, or else he’d shake his head, answer with a quiet,
He frowned, thinking of Victor--the same thing had happened with him, hadn’t it? A muffled phonecall, and their time cut short. Both had tried to hide their anxiety, but neither of them counted on Sherlock’s astute observation.
Silence fell in the suite like a loaded gun dropping; there was no way of telling when it might go off, or who might be injured.
“No, I agree. Having done such a thing would have violated the precepts he swore on,” Irene’s guest offered.
Helen whipped around, startled, and when she registered his SIG, the terrible instrument of Cassiel’s intervention, her eyes went wide as the moon.
A pleasant anxiety fluttered in Sherlock’s chest as he thundered through house on long legs, up to their bedroom. He only needed one little thing from one of his bags, something he’d kept hidden. Out by the pond, he knew. The time would be absolutely right. His hand closed around the little box, and he closed his eyes as he drew it out.
At one point, Irene led him to a group by a small bust of a man in orgasm. A tall, blonde man with a strong jaw ignored him, while a softer-set short brunet man with glasses and a blonde woman with what could only be described as a “sweet” face greeted them.
“Don’t do this, Mary.” John’s voice came quiet and steady, Sherlock’s anchor, this woman’s sure death.
The outline of Lestrade’s bulge against his thigh, hot and insistent, and Sherlock’s brain blanked utterly on logical processes. His vision swam red again, and then he saw it, all laid out perfectly like an origami flower unfolding in his mind: clear appreciation for age difference, experience difference.
The other on-duty officers had retreated until only the stirred dust in the hastily-erected industrial lights and the distant whisper of rain remained with them and John. The smell wasn’t terribly strong, as far as these things go. The body hadn’t had a chance yet to decompose.
John’s head jerked up in confusion and he groaned in disbelief. “Oh really? Is it Lestrade? Perfect sodding timing--”
To his surprise, desire blossomed light and dizzying in his veins, and when she pulled back, she smiled.
That night, in the safe cocoon of their bed, John asked him about the weals and cuts, and Sherlock told him. They talked for a long time, about what the experience had been like, what Sherlock felt now… and the whole thing, on every level, was so bizarrely novel to Sherlock. He had never,
Jim’s lips, kiss-slick, stretched into a sharklike grin. “I’ll tell you if you’ll tell me what you know about your little detective case. Later. Must keep up appearances for my guest and all.”
was Cassiel’s gift for his service, he was sure. This was Elua’s blessing, a second layer that lay hidden by the first bloom of understanding.
Irene grinned as she tucked her feet in and swiveled to sit up. She propped her elbows on her knees, looking for all the world like a schoolgirl. “Now
Amelia, who had noticed the near miss, raised a well-sculpted eyebrow at him before turning back to Irene.
It certainly didn’t help that Jim was there, peering at him from the outskirts at all times. His presence was a buzz at the base of Sherlock’s skull, the press of a razor-sharp gaze between his shoulderblades.
“Christ, love, you weren’t kidding, were you?” His tone was exasperated but not unkind. Sherlock looked up to see Lestrade staring down at him.
“Now, pet. I’ll stop your waiting. You’ve been mostly behaved, though I’ve had some issue with your little… adventures.”
“May I have a moment with your son?” Sister Roberts asked, though she didn’t look away from his eyes.
The air was slightly chilly, but that wasn't really what had Sherlock shivering; it was the anticipation of the tattoo gun, the god-awful drone, the curiosity of what sort of pain he would experience. Even the anticipation was… distracting.
Sherlock couldn’t help but stare wide-eyed at the body on the street before him. “John--we’ve got to--”
Sherlock snatched the phone from her, thumbed the passcode and ignored the voicemails, instead ringing Lestrade right back.
Sherlock couldn’t help but tug him close, feel the heat and firmness of muscle. He laid his palm against John’s chest, over his heart. “You will always surprise me, John Watson. Every day I have with you. You conduct light right into my darkest places, and you do it selflessly.”
Unsatisfied with Sherlock’s position, Victor smacked his arse viciously, the ringing blows of which echoed in the stillness of the study, accompanied only by Sherlock’s responding moans, until Sherlock had worked his way forward, hips flush with the edge of the desk even as his face still pressed to its surface.
my favourite pupil. You have so much--” Brother Vincent cleared his throat, his face twisting in an all-too-familiar attempt to push weaker emotions away. “I never really thought you were the same as the other young men and women that come through our doors.”
too coincidental, after Wilkerson had name-dropped Dominique right into the middle of an intrigue with Victor Trevor.
Then again, if he swore himself to Jim, it was binding eternally--and surely Kushiel wouldn’t spare him, not for entering an agreement whose outcome he knew beforehand. And surely he did--his days, his nights would be more of what he’d already been through: blissful tantalization, like the masque, and unspeakable horror, like the night he’d finished his marque, that he’d learned the truth. An accomplice to countless murders.
Darkness settled solid and snug over London, calling the neon and fluorescent out to dazzle. The London humidity hazed their glow, transforming it into something reckless and desperate.
“I couldn’t help but think about you sometimes,” Sherlock continued. “What you might hear, what you would see if you misunderstood and barged in… Part of me wanted you to see.”
When he woke again, it was to cold tile, the punishing buzz of fluorescent lights and the distant roar of the ocean, the stink of bleach and seawater. Every muscle quivered, ached. His skin burned, scabs stretching and pulling open  as he struggled to push himself from the floor, whose cold seeped straight into his bones.
John had no idea intimacy could be like this--he knew enough to know about the heat and friction, desperate and emphatic. John chuckled as he collapsed back onto the bed, his heart full to the point of giddiness, and he wondered at feeling that as imperatively as the desire that held him in its clutches. It made him think of ever-smiling Elua, and his message to
Happy September, y'all! Enjoy! It's a bit short, but it's an action-laden chapter, which tends to go faster. I've missed you all, and I love all your faces. Thank you so much for the support, the comments and kudos that keep me alive. Y'all are fucking wonderful. <3
, or head of the House, but carve his own way with a private tutor. Kushiel, or else his stubborn nature, compelled him to do his training on his own terms.
For the first time since their arrival, real fear shot through John then. Moriarty was showing his hand, finally, but only against John himself. It wasn’t enough to act in Sherlock’s defense, because as yet, it was John’s word against Moriarty’s. And they both knew it.
Maybe it was the transmutation of annoyance attempting to dissipate into something calmer, but the tension between them shifted just a fraction, catching Sherlock’s pulse in his throat.
The ringleader screamed in rage. He clutched at his temple as he scrabbled to his feet again. His free hand disappeared behind his back before reappearing with a gun squared at John’s chest.
1.) The author being a dick to John, and John being more obstinately anti-Sherlock than we are all probably used to. I did my best to explain this in-chapter, but I'll say it again: the place he's in right now makes him absolutely polar opposite to Sherlock in regards to most of the things they hold dear. So I'm not kidding when I say these idiots are really going to have to earn their happily-ever-after.
That slight milimetre of progress eroded away at the mention of his job. John stiffened and fell a step behind Sherlock, his eyes fixed on the middle-distance once more.
Sherlock fought the wave of terror that came at the prospect of spending a year or more in near-total isolation that way.
“Come on, John,” Sherlock murmurs, breaking John’s inebriated wallowing. “I’m sure even you can guess what comes next.”
John cleared his throat, furrowed his brow. He felt himself slide into his old role like a jacket he took out of the closet maybe once a season--it still fit, even if it wasn’t quite in style anymore. “Now Private, we’re going to have this talk, or you’ll find yourself court-martialed, and trust me when I say you’d
John breathed in deep, new tears springing to his eyes--but these were from the swelling in his chest, the wholeness, the completion he’d come to find in Elua’s presence. He couldn’t keep the smile from his face, the one that etched deep into his cheeks and the creases by his eyes. He laughed even as he scrubbed at them with the heels of his palms.
The unspoken dare in Moriarty’s raised eyebrows nearly had John tackling the bastard and tumbling down the steps with him. Only his training kept him from it.
A few hours later, Sherlock stood before a mirror, looking over his shoulder to approve his finished
And therein lay the beauty: they both knew the psychology, the rules of this game. And still, she’d found a way to get under his skin.
From its spot beside the teacup on the table, Sherlock’s phone vibrated, an unwelcome intrusion. Damn Lestrade.
“I was at an impasse, wasn’t I?” John asked, the frustration seeping back through. “I was assigned a ward whose primary occupation puts him into danger on the exact night we are supposed to hold our vigil. I was forced to choose which oath was more important. Which was exactly the problem I faced in Venice when I had reason to believe Sherlock was alive, and
The crowd murmured at the prospect of a birthday gift, of a delay in their merriment, but all Sherlock could think of was the coiled anger, the danger in the creature he’d spotted at the back of the room--and now that man was moving forward? Was this the patron Irene had intended for him to go home with tonight?
It was just the prompt he’d been waiting for, Jim. The facade fell away, leaving a bare-skinned predator, unconcerned with sheep’s clothing any longer.
“This--this is bollocks,” John seethed, pacing the foyer of the boardroom, waiting for the elders to assemble.
Mr. Ames had led him to a private room, his public demeanor having slid back into place. "Get shirtless and stretch out for me, darling. I'll be back soon and we'll get started."
Without further hesitation, they plunged into the tunnel and Felippa tugged on the cubby-door, sealing them within the tomb-like escape.
“Then you’d be correct,” Mycroft shot back. “But I still have no desire to tell you. Let the man explain himself.”
John arrived home before anyone had risen, before Mrs. Hudson had even arrived. That--that was fine. He found Sherlock, head cradled on his arm at the little lab table set up in the breakfast nook, and it made John smile.
John tilted his head to the side, a sublime parody of consideration. “Hm, no. You’ll do that anyway.”
“I’m so proud of you, Sherlock. You’re a much better adept than I originally thought you’d be. You’ve made me so happy. I’ll untie your hands and undo your gag, if you’d like to try again to please me?”
“Brother John Watson, you are formally charged with willful disregard to our sacred laws for the following: knowingly discharging your gun to murder before knowing whether or not your ward was even alive, allowing your gun to be obtained by anyone other than another Cassiline, and violating your chastity, leading to the deaths of your ward’s household.”
The layout of her flat was simple enough, but Sherlock walked in a daze, dizzy with desire, to her bedroom. Only a few steps inside, she shoved him forward and facedown onto the bed. Half his face mashed into her pillow-soft duvet. He subconsciously splayed his legs as wide as he dared, just praying to feel her hands on him again.
Sherlock did his best to keep his face trained to stony impassivity, but it was likely far too damning that he still hadn’t disentangled himself from John.
“Sherlock!” Sally Donovan called out, voice stern as she stalked over to him. “You’ve got three seconds to calm down immediately, or you’ll find yourself in a bloody cell! What are you on about?”
Sherlock fought down a wave of anger, at himself and the absurdity of the situation. He was Sherlock Holmes, thank you very much. He was more than the bloody spot in his eye or the embarrassment that radiated off him in waves.
Irene waved her hand dismissively, though she spared a glance for Sherlock. “If my student doesn’t mind, neither do I.”
The first blow fell, scalding hot across the breadth of his shoulders where the flog’s metal-tipped strips snapped against his skin. He tensed. Brass thunder sounded in his ears, louder than he’d ever heard it before. Bloody-red haze washed his vision. He squeezed his eyes shut, breath captive in his lungs. He’d had flogs used on him before, of course he had, and had endured a great many other implements in the course of Naamah’s calling, but this was pain, pure and raw, and with each blow, it spread like fire in his veins. It roared in the hollow place behind his breastbone, combusting hardwood logs of anguish until they were ash. This was Kushiel’s absolution, flesh and blood offered to the keeper of Hell’s gates.
“I’d ask if you wanted a break--this is quite a bit of ink in one sitting--but I know better than that.” Then, thinking better of that pronouncement, he added, “Unless you need to--well. Salute Naamah in your own way? Were I not a married man, I’d consider offering a hand, darling.”
The spirit burned, ice and mint as it slid down his throat, and for a moment the lights shone brighter. After being wound up as he had, Sherlock couldn’t help but make a little noise of pleasure.
But he caught himself, only with the sure knowledge that John would be unbearable if he won their wager only an hour into the test.
Of course John would be annoyed. Clearly everything has to be just so, what with this half-cocked notion that everything had to be one hundred percent more memorable this year.
"We were meant to be sleeping," Sherlock chided, but his tone betrayed how far he was from enforcing that agreement.
She drew in a breath and studied him again, the gears working hard in her head. After a while she nodded. “All right. I’ll pass along that dossier. Don’t make me regret it.”
*rolls eyes* Let it also be said I'm foolishly doing final copy-edits while half-asleep and headachey. If you caught any errors, feel free to point them out.
YEARS PASS AND they still spend hours in the garden, they still walk the length of the town, talking. Their hair has turned grey and John has discovered finally that the sea holds no threat (its roar was always in his head); that his heart and his bones are stronger than the circumstances that break them, heaps of rock and coloured glass though those are. He has learned how to live with the memory of holding a small weight in a soft pink blanket, and how to push away the darkness that will excoriate his insides if he lets it.
Watson. What must it be, to be sworn to Cassiel, devoted to Naamah’s servant, and bound by Kushiel’s chains as surely as Sherlock is?”
It did not escape John’s notice; his eyes shuttered into pleased slits and a full smirk stretched his lips thin. “Having trouble already?”
Sherlock was so desperate for attention he rutted against that leg unthinking, eyes squeezed shut against his shame. It was good, but not nearly enough. He shifted forward, taking Lestrade as far into his mouth as he could, and when his nose buried into the wiry thatch of dark pubic hair, he had cause to thank Naamah for the summer he’d gotten bored and learned sword-swallowing, judging by the string of unintelligible curses Lestrade let loose.
Sherlock grinned--if the bloody-minded Cassiline wanted to remain within arm’s reach, so be it. He’d have to deal with every last noise that came muffled through the door. He leveled his gaze at John as he said, “Regina, he is oath-sworn to protect me. I can leave him posted outside the door, it will be perfectly fine. It was in my contract.”
Lestrade’s knuckles brushed Sherlock’s chin, tilting the younger man’s face level with his own. “I’ll take good care of you.”
Just before Helen could reach the doorway of the train car and pry it open, she paused. In the dim light of her flashlight pointed down, the grey-blue illuminated tunnel shadows notching every curve, the conflict was clear in her profile. Mouth set, fists balled, shoulders forced straight.
The lighting was low, comfortable at present, but did nothing to hide the well-maintained equipment on display: along a far wall, the bed was easily the tamest furnishing in the whole room. All manner of racks and stocks, stools and contraptions held places of pride on the floor, but what really caught Sherlock’s eye was the well-oiled wood of a recessed cabinet. It dominated the wall, surely hiding all the best secrets.
The Cassiline made his way forward, until at last he was close enough to clasp Sherlock’s shoulders in his heavy, calloused hands. He studied Sherlock, lip quivering, and his gaze lingered longest on the mote in Sherlock’s eye, surely only barely visible in the low light.
And the blush that had been riding John earlier was nothing compared to what it was in that moment; he was immeasurably thankful the dock shielded him from Sherlock. But for a split second, he
Hours later, after the cops were called on Jimmy and Sebastian, after the party had carried on and both John and Sherlock had specifically
“No? What, am I not doing it right?” John said, and if anyone else had heard his tone, they’d have assumed John was annoyed, but Sherlock knew better.
The sight alone--ah, Elua!--it made Sherlock dizzy to watch as John bobbed, lips stretched around his cock. Then John slipped one hand down to press against Sherlock’s perineum while the other groped blindly for his abandoned trousers nearby.
Sherlock knew better than to disobey--this was Irene stripped of all her smug gallantry, a woman whose every thought was writ plain in her expression. Sherlock couldn’t place it, not exactly--worry, maybe, but also pride.
For his part, Sherlock endured being dragged round by Irene, from group to group to make introductions. Sherlock made sure he played up his submissive qualities: the cant of his head, the slight tension of his shoulders, only glancing at potential patrons through his lashes briefly. He could feel their gazes like a scrape across his skin, and by the end of the night it would leave him raw and wanting.
John made his way out into the foyer, stumbling back into the world. He registered nothing, only the numbness that insulated him. At some point he found himself at the same window he’d peered from earlier, staring down into Elua’s sanctuary. Moonlight made the statue gleam grey-white, the only point of light save for the city beyond. He’d been at the crossroads for a year, no longer a dream but a living nightmare. Now, just now, he’d finally chosen. It wasn’t an answer he would have ever imagined he’d give.
Just behind, the other motorboat came to life, and Felippa threw the throttle open, the last four guards trailing close enough behind that Sherlock could hear their shouts over the roar of water and engines.
“Brother Watson,” the D’Angeline Eluine began, “we have deliberated thoroughly in the case presented to us, regarding your actions since your appointment with Mr. Sherlock Holmes.”
She turned and exited quickly, Sherlock watching as she left. He spared a moment to think of Jim, of the still-banked desire to find out what Kushiel’s scion could offer Kushiel’s chosen. Sherlock indulged in a pleasant shudder as he reached for his mobile and pulled up Lestrade’s number.
Sherlock’s gasp gave him away, and he hated being so transparent to Jim. It only drove that humiliation home.
A recurring clip played on the screen: a building reduced to thick black smoke and rubble. People running for their lives. The clip would restart, and the instant the explosion rocked a middle floor, the scene would break out into pandemonium once again.
“If you have a friend that’s wonderful for having a laugh, but terrible at life advice, do you go to that friend when you’re having a rough time?”
“Proper and complete training in Naamah’s arts in a purely textbook fashion.” Sherlock ground out. He had no idea why she found any of this so funny. “I have no desire to call into question your professionality or the quality of my tutelage, Ms. Adler. I fully intend on making my
Sherlock gathered their ticket, which he took to the register to pay while John dropped a tenner on the table--surely that would cover the use of the booth over the long and largely customerless hours they’d occupied that space. It was a bit of a novelty to him, but he’d seen enough other tables with a few ones tucked under the edge of a plate when other customers had left, and assumed it was only appropriate.
Each blow inched lower, closer to the thin, sensitive skin where arse met thigh, the blunt brush blazing a path of pain that left Sherlock panting in the intervals. Occasionally Helen stilled the brush to brush her fingertips over the inflamed skin, which became its own unique torture, as the delicate touches on oversensitised skin translated into more pain. The count dragged on, until tears formed and escaped Sherlock’s eyes, until he couldn’t help but tighten his muscles in anticipation of each blow, until “Twenty-five!” escaped with a genuine sob.
Cecily had been the pride of Camellia House. She’d worked hard, certainly, and did her best to ignore the rumours--but who could turn an entirely blind ear, when everyone whispered you were likely to become the Dowayne’s second?
Saliva pooled in his mouth, and Sherlock tried to find a way to alleviate that as he began to work up and down Lestrade’s length, trying to find some way to swallow lest he dribbled out of the corners of his mouth. And Elua, he didn’t want something that stupid turning Lestrade off in the middle of his first oral sex act.
John looked stricken, shaking his head, lifting his free hand to stop Sherlock. “Don’t--don’t say that, not if you don’t mean it. I can’t. You don’t owe me anything, so really, you don’t have to say it.”
He was bound on an overhead suspension. An involuntary spasm set a chain rattling. Then his vision resolved, and the room became all too familiar.
The lift’s bell sounded before Sherlock could make his conclusion. The porter led them to Jim’s door, gave it a firm knock, and left with a silent nod.
“Did you think your job would be easier?” Sherlock didn’t know where the question came from, or why his voice sounded so distant as he asked.
Liliane shook her head. “No, we only teach that it’s a possibility, that we are to stay humble in the face of what we don’t know, and not to suppose one type of love is superior to another. Our brothers and sisters still take the vow of celibacy, as that is a matter of the church at large.”
Sherlock propped himself against one of the columns outside the Met to wait for Victor, thankful for having worn his Belstaff, given the May drizzle blowing under the eaves. He shook it out as he Victor pushed the door open.
Even with the anticipation of his assignation with Amelia and Jim looming ahead of him, Sherlock couldn’t lose track of the unfolding case. He needed that list of House-patrons. The murders, the bombings, these were linked somehow, if only he could find the right connections. He was torn: he suspected Victor was somehow involved, which would make the whole witch-hunt a lot neater to wrap up, faster to deal with. But the part of Sherlock that held the memory of his first assignation genuinely hoped the evidence was wrong.
made the call that his ward came above all else. How in Elua’s name does that condemn him to allegations like this? Those emails have been called into reasonable question, and he’s proven a hundredfold his primary concern is doing
Sherlock’s voice caught his attention, muffled beneath water and ringing gunfire. “John--we’ve got to--”
His feet thundered on the stairs as he raced back. There was no thought in his mind as he pelted down the maze of hallways that led back to the ballroom. When he reached the last little turn and stopped short before the door, Sally stepped aside, startled.
Despite Sherlock’s training, he wasn’t one for small talk when he didn’t have to. John was neither a patron nor a socialite for him to simper to. He watched John and the other restaurant-goers in stilted, purposeful silence. John studied his menu and pretended not to notice Sherlock.
Sherlock groaned, but managed real words. “Call me stupid, then, if you like. It would have been courage, had it worked.”
, as John pressed a kiss there. “You’re right about that. When you’re here with me, you’re for my eyes only. I’m willing to share you, but not when we’re alone.”
on the chopping block, all for Sherlock’s safety. Now he stood on the firing line for it, awaiting the parting shots.
“What do we do now?” His mother turned back to Sister Roberts, wringing her hands, stroking her thumb against the opposite palm.
Fingernails raked across his still-stretched hamstrings and Jim laughed. His slender fingers--cool to the touch--slipped lower and around to Sherlock’s front until they traced the length of the erection Sherlock’s thin yoga pants couldn’t hide.
“What’s he gotten up to?” Sherlock takes another drag of his cigarette and turns, blowing it downwind away from both of them.
The fact that Sherlock had faked a case just to seduce him, the fact that they did what they’d just done and
. The other bodily wounds were more gruesome: “Slashes with a razor-sharp instrument along each rib, deep slits across the tops and interior of the thighs. Nicked the femorals there and there.” He frowned as he pointed to the lethal wounds on the inside of each thigh.
Sherlock stood just beyond the line of sight in the doorway as Dianne stepped back into the main room. The music quieted, the guests stilled until their attention was solely upon her.
“You’re curious, aren’t you?” he asked before his head had caught up with his mouth. “You are. What could be so good your boss would be willing to risk his
Just the week before, the D’Angeline embassy in Germany had fallen victim to an explosion. Authorities deemed the event linked with the bombing in the U.S., but investigations into each incident yielded little.
From the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw John cock his head in polite interest; he’d never bothered mentioning that first interaction.
She opened the box as Sherlock stepped closer to his bed. Inside was a folded  wool greatcoat, black and dark-grey. A single red buttonhole coloured the lapel. Sherlock lifted the coat from its nest and the weight of its fabric made a soft noise as it fell loose from its fold. The small label on the collar read
Sherlock nearly choked on his own tongue, even as a titter of amusement rose from the guests. No wonder Irene hadn’t mentioned this birthday present, had seemed far too amused earlier--
But Molly pipes up, pointing to John’s costume. “They’re Robin Hood and the Sheriff of Nottingham. Oh, that’s clever!”
John sagged against the brick wall behind him, a rueful chuckle tearing loose from his lips. “Oh, you bloody bastard.”
Sherlock flexes his shoulders, trying to find some give in the too-tight black doublet he’s rented from the fancy-dress shop. The hose are little better, clinging to him like a second skin.
By the time Jim led Sherlock away, back to the relative safety of his Belstaff and the privacy of Jim’s limousine, Sherlock’s whole body was nothing but the thrum of his need pulsing through him--how any one person could stay insensible for so long, could dip that far into sub-space for a whole evening was something he might revel at later, might ponder on and study, but for now it was simply enough to exist.
In the waning hour before dawn, the prospect of walking until they found a cab somewhere between Ames’s studio and their home was completely undesirable. John did his best not to knuckle his eyes in exhaustion. If he was worn out, Sherlock was likely to drop at any moment. John kept Sherlock in the corner of his eye, taking note of the bluish smudges beneath bloodshot eyes, the way Sherlock hid himself further and further in his coat, likely cold from his tiredness. As it was, Sherlock had set out on a meandering ramble just to keep himself awake, though whether or not he knew it was that, John wasn’t sure.
The lights dimmed, and a sharp-angled woman in white stepped onto the small dais bathed in light. He recognised her from the dossier he’d been given--this was Irene Adler. There was no picture, however, of the anguisse he was condemned to ward.
or that he’d just been gifted centuries-old Cassiline battle gear because a complete stranger thought him worthy. Sherlock could take one look at John, read him like a primary school book and see just what had happened. He’d
Sherlock flushed with the embarrassment of it from scalp to chest, he was certain. He stared at the ground.
Sherlock excelled and even found himself enjoying his tutelage under Irene’s thumb. Aside from covering
Sherlock pulled away, rolling his eyes. The sentimentality was embarrassing. “I don’t have time for this.”
Indeed, John offered small pre-wrapped trays of food to Cecily, Frédérique, and Sherlock, and put one aside for himself. Then he disappeared again, and produced two suit bags, one for Sherlock and one for himself. Those, he stretched on an empty seat nearby. Then he disappeared a third time and returned with a simple first-aid kit.
The buzz arced over his skin, enveloping him. The sky hung above, its mercurial nature a blessing and a curse. Beneath him, the ground was ever-constant. After all else, a drop of Anael’s ichor still flowed in his veins.
He was hard enough already that his foreskin slid back to reveal a fat, dusky purple glans, slick with his excitement.
“May I--,” Sherlock panted when they broke apart again. He gestured between them, and while John wasn’t exactly sure what Sherlock meant, he was more than willing to find out.
They shook hands in the foyer before Edward slipped back toward his office, leaving Sherlock alone with John and the receptionist, a dry-witted young assistant named Ari wearing a ridiculously distracting scarf.
The imperative in his voice! Oh, Elua if that was how he had steadily risen through his ranks, forget DI--he’d make Commissioner before he knew it.
Sherlock told him and Emile immediately set to tapping at the computer. “I’ve got it here. Do you know if your fees will be billed through us, to either Ms. Chamberlain or to Mr. Moriarty? It’s in her name, but he’s the one that’s reserved the room.”
. He may face danger, from external sources or his own making, but you did your sacred duty. You can do no less, you know.
Sherlock struggled to keep his eyes open, so strong was his fatigue, until a gush of warm water sluiced over his skin, washing away the blood until it spiraled in dilute whorls and disappeared down the drain.
“False name,” Sherlock explained. “The day I went and made friends with Emile. That was the night we got into Amelia Chamberlain’s suite. He knew my real name, after Lestrade and his men were done.”
“A gift from Daddy. I’ll make D’Angeline blood pure again, just for you. You know, Daniel L’Envers is making a special trip to London, right on your birthday! I saved the London Embassy for last on purpose. I will topple empires, just for you.” Jim ghosted his lips across the stubble of Sherlock’s cheek, that damned spicy scent flooding his brain, nearly eclipsing the pain, the horror. "Honey, just wait 'til you see me in a crown."
Sherlock trembled, breath shaking as his muscles strained to hold position without flinching, without making a noise. When Victor trailed back up to his left nipple, circling it in the world’s gentlest torture, Sherlock bit his lip to keep his noises silent. When Victor pinched, he couldn’t help himself--the sharp bite of pain after being set on edge by tenderness cut straight through him, and his moan was unmistakable.
He flashed a glance, just once, at Ames as he lowered himself back onto the table, mindful of his predicament as he shifted to arrange himself as comfortably as he could. Ames hadn't said a word, frozen with slightly raised brows, his lips drawn apart as if to say something but unsure as to what.
Jim grunted at Sherlock’s answer, shoving him a little harder forward. “If I wanted a vague answer I would’ve asked a vague question, pet.” When Sherlock stumbled and dropped to his knee, Jim took hold of his hair, wrenching his head to look up at Jim. There was no harshness to Jim’s tone or expression. All that cruelty, kept in check with a smile. “How. Long?”
He continued, “Also, you resent of Lestrade’s willingness to bend the rules and any belief in the talents which claim I to have. So I, presenting as a cisgendered white male, represent everyone you’ve had to prove yourself superior to in order to have the position you hold. That goes deeper than you may realise: you’re torn between femininity and masculinity in a job where embracing either means sacrificing half of who you are. You showed me
“Tomorrow is tomorrow. What happened tonight?” Sherlock’s eyes, wide and searching, flitted between his own. Blue-green-gold, with that damned red speck. Damned by his own gods, too.
But John doesn’t mind. Beautiful, accommodating John who understands that it isn’t his lack, merely Sherlock’s need getting the better of him. And John can tell when these times come, but damn him he still makes Sherlock beg for it.
Sherlock woke sometime later, though when he did he wished to every last of Elua’s Companions that he hadn’t. Though the sedative hadn’t worn off entirely, it had eased off enough to let him wake, to let him feel every last bit of abuse he’d endured.
“You’re making this up,” John grated. His heart thumped harder. Was his devotion and admiration really so base and sinful as that?
Sherlock supposed he would have been an attractive fellow, if he actually found people so. Lestrade had a rugged, mischievous sort of smile he’d flashed at Sherlock several times at the bar, peppery hair beginning to silver at the temples. And he was empirically fit, which was more than Sherlock could say for many of his fellow ‘Yarders.
John loosed a small growl and fell back a step. Sherlock was sure he was glaring daggers as sharp as the ones at his sides, right between Sherlock’s shoulder blades.
"I can't tell if that's your being some god-touched anguisset or you just being into some seriously kinky shit, darling, but Elua help your patrons."
, the greenhouse door swung open and shut. Considering his father rarely ventured out to to what he referred as “the lion’s den,” it was easy to guess that Sherlock’s mother had come to bother him about something inane, like loading a dishwasher or feeding Heidegger, the cat Mycroft had abandoned since leaving for Uni. Sherlock ignored her outright in favour of turning to record notes on a nearby notepad.
Then she curled a hand around the back of his neck, and pulled him forward into a loose-lipped kiss.
“That fucking mouth,” Victor mused. “I bet it gets you into trouble. How ‘bout we find a better use for it?” With that Victor twitched open his robe, revealing his half-hard cock, long and thick, the foreskin not yet retracted.
“You’ve slept the whole day. Come into the kitchen, I’ll make you a cup to wake you up. Coffee or tea, dear?”
“Your shoes are the latest from Eglantine-Paris, but your dress, while done in classic lines, is a colour that went out two seasons ago--but you are a trendsetter in the City of Elua, which means either you’ve fallen on hard times financially or else your attachment to it is sentimental. Possibly both. This is also corroborated by the fact that you mentioned you’d considered personally buying a night with me, but have not yet done so. Why would the flower of Camellia House not get what she wants as soon as she wants it? Especially when it would be a lovely jab at my mentor, who is a rival and possibly a former lover. You are married, so it could be that--but no, obviously you are here tonight and you have removed neither your engagement ring nor wedding band. You are here with your husband’s blessing. This leads me to believe that there are hard times, indeed, in the Chamberlain house--”
Then he heard the first hard clap of skin against skin, and every muscle tensed, his heart racing. Was Sherlock in trouble? How would John even know?
As much as I've tried to tie up loose ends, I am aware that it's been long enough that referencing events posted what, like, a year and a fafillion chapters ago may need better context built here to really do that justice. Let me know if that's the case, and where, so's I can fix it.
Just the mention of what was in store drew a breathy moan from Sherlock, sent his hips grinding back against Apollinaire. He drew back just enough to make eye contact as Apollinaire leaned to nip the opposite ear.
