This is definitely strange behavior for the both of them. But perhaps not so much, this right here is John on the inside and Sherlock is more than welcoming of it. He is holding the broken and damaged wreck of a man in his arms and is completely and utterly accepting. Because this is who John is, shattered on the inside and defensive on the outside. Always putting up walls for anyone who comes near him, because really nobody needed to see the inside when all they would get is scraps of a broken solider and a neglected child. No one deserved to see it; it is too much of a burden.
“Oh, don’t worry, there’s all sorts ‘round here. Mrs. Turner next door’s got married ones.” Mrs. Hudson looked completely indifferent like it is a known fact that he and Sherlock are together, and it didn’t make a difference to her. John pointedly looked at Sherlock who was avoiding eye contact. Mrs. Hudson started going on about the mess Sherlock made but Johns mind was elsewhere. Well, okay then. He thought to himself, and decided to ignore the assumption and sat down in the nearest chair.
The candle is lit, flickering between the two of them. The contrast of the orange flame on Sherlock’s black, blue and white features is an interesting contrast and John noticed the way Sherlock’s eyes twinkle every time he looks at John through the flame.
A rope snaps near the mass but I see John run to it and hold it down before the sail can get away from him. He barks out orders that I can't hear over a rumble of thunder and three men rush to his side to help. He tells them what to do, and then moves on to another group. Hmm. Where is Lestrade?
John smiled again, I was tempted to smile back. What an odd sensation, I have no reason to smile at this man and here I am finding a strong desire to do so. Luckily I have self-control and remained scowling. After all, this man has found a way around my perfect eyesight and followed me to the one place no one should ever know about. That is very much worth being perturbed about.
“That’s enough, Mycroft. That is all a lie and you know it.” Their mother gasps in shock but John is pretty well convinced it’s an act.
John thought a moment and then nodded. If Sherlock doesn't want to answer, John knows he won’t, and John is far too tired to argue.
"Yes," John confirms. "Although, I didn't know that at the time. No one really knows what happened after he left port. Some say his ship sunk, that he was ambushed, or shipwrecked. Whatever it was, it meant he wasn't coming back. That's when I finally understood what he meant: 'take care of your sister because I can't.'"
But god, he didn't care. It was Sherlock. The annoying man that played whimsical music in the middle of the night with his violin, the annoying man that shot holes in the wall because he was bored. The annoying man that thought everyone else was beneath him and he was a remarkable genius, which he was. A remarkable genius because of his impossible brain, followed by brilliant deductions falling from that smart mouth.
John was about to defend himself. He was going to tell Sherlock he had no idea his parents were such uptight assholes, that he didn't know Sherlocks sexuality, and that his parents made it clear that he needs to marry a woman.
Twenty minutes in a silent cab later, they are parked outside a small and quaint looking home in a suburban neighborhood. John paid the cab fair and followed out Sherlock who started taking in his surroundings:
figure out her math homework because she was ‘sick’. In which, Sherlock just couldn't resist stepping in with
Every year on Valentines Day since the first grade, John has been giving Sherlock special Valentines he wrote, they weren't anything phenomenal but they were compliments that eventually started to put a noticeable smile on the boys face.
The door opened and John could hear a squeak from behind the screen door and suddenly John is leaping out of the way of it, and getting tackled into a hug. “Johnny!” Harry exclaimed excitedly.
Now they're in middle school and things have changed. The teachers don’t require those Valentines anymore, instead, at lunch you go to a small booth in the corner of the cafeteria and write the persons name down and pay for a candy gram- which is exactly how it sounds.
I crinkle my nose at the image of John becoming a blacksmith, that's just so... normal. He would have never lasted.
"No you're right. Though, I'm surprised it took you so long to escape." Mycroft smiled in that condescending 'I'm much smarter than you' smile. I hate it.
“I AM NOT GAY!” John announced loudly. “I’m am telling you all right now, I'm not. Harry I am sick of you going around and announcing my false sexuality to everyone. And Sherlock there is no need to continue encouraging her.” John found his angry eyes wondering to everyone at the table, to make sure they all understood the severity and seriousness of his words.
John turned to Sherlock and almost punched him. First the kitchen and now his sister thinks he is gay because Sherlock said they are. Now he has to go on a double-date with his sister and so called ‘boyfriend’.
Angelo laughs and then looks over my shoulder again, obviously curious. "Your usual table, then, for you and your date?"
John was in a bad place. There were, brief, times on some nights when he thought Moriarty was right, there was something more. But those nights John had been drinking, and felt his loss the strongest.
John nods and swallows his food before speaking. "I didn't want to leave her, but it would take time and money to become a doctor without the support of the Navy. I had to choose between staying and not be capable of supporting her, or leaving and giving her all I have for a decent life."
“Oh yes!” Harry answered before John could, rushing up behind the two of them. “I’m sure Sherlock treats him all
“Forget I asked, it’s obvious.” Sherlock brushed him off with a wave of his hand, and relaxed back into his pillows.
John stood fuming beside me. Emotions again, I grit my teeth. My eyes stayed locked on the ocean and I wondered why I ever made port. Everything about it made me feel at ease; the smell of salt and seaweed that can be recognized as ocean water, the cool and damp breeze on my face, the wide-spread, deserted blue range where I can remain undisturbed by ignorant and incompetent people. A true delicacy.
“We are never leaving the flat again!” Sherlock exclaimed dramatically and flopped onto the couch. John sat in his usual chair and looked at Sherlock who appeared as if he were physically violated. John couldn’t help the chuckle that was forcing its way up his throat. Sherlock looked at him and after a moment, he was chuckling too, and soon enough they both burst into uncontrollable laughter.
"You've lost it." He threw back, so it doesn't bother him this time. Something must've happened to boost his confidence level.
Mycroft and his crew were setting sail by the time I found a ship of my own. It's smaller but still large enough to need a crew. I'll make it work.
I woke with a start at the sound of my name. I half expected to be pulled to my feet and forced down the corridor like the last time I was to be hanged. But this time, something is different. The small window to my cell is not shining any light like before. If I was being sent to the gallows there would at least be a bit of sunshine. So no, that is not what is happening here, I say it's still night and given the weight of my exhaustion, I say it's about three in the morning.
It was silent for a moment, but something suddenly dawned on John.“You said you knew it would wake me, why did you want me awake?”
“What the hell was that? Who is he talking about?” John started in on Sherlock who only sighed in annoyance. Whoever it is, it is clear to John that Sherlock wants no part of it.
It was something simple that finally made John see clearly. It shouldn't have happened, it was completely reckless, but leave it to Sherlock to do something so absurd.
I waited for John to continue, but he stopped. He is waiting for me to fill in the blanks. John does not know who Maryse is to me, but he knows her, he's met her. She wouldn't be stupid enough to mention my name or mention me at all. Good, John is still in the dark, I will see to keep it that way.
John stared at her for a long moment trying to put her words together and figure out what women he has been in contact with recently that is stubbornly pushy… when it suddenly clicked. Johns face turned gravely. “Oh no.”
Lestrade glared at me. "What do you want, Sherlock?" Lestrade wonders in exasperation and fiddles with his empty rum pint.
We're almost to the docks, and I can see Lestrade standing next to a sizeable merchant ship with a crowd of people rushing about to load the ship and prepare it for sailing. "Yes, John?"
. Although that did not stop Johns thoughts of Sherlock alone somewhere in the corn bleeding to death. It brought John back to his time in Afghanistan, and his soldiers bleeding out too far from John to reach. He had never felt more helpless in his life, and even more so now because he can’t even
Sherlock turned to the keys and began another melody that John is not familiar with. But all the same, it is wonderful.
Sherlock took her hand and smiled kindly while John fully grasped her words. “What exactly has she been telling you?”
“John.” That is one voice that John could recognize anywhere, and he couldn't help but freeze in place on the sidewalk. His heart doing the exact opposite by leaping in his chest. “John.” Sherlock said again when he didn't turn around.
John was a whirlwind of emotions after Sherlocks death, he was not seeing things clearly. The letters from Moriarty only managed to confuse and anger him more, and they never deviated from one centered viewpoint: he and Sherlock were boyfriends.
He dumped all his Valentines in his backpack but kept his special Valentine with him as they were dismissed for lunch.
The detective lay flat on his back, hands on his chest and eyes staring at his tea mug. “I did expect it to turn out horribly, but I didn't expect that.”
One night John couldn’t get Sherlock to agree on anything for dinner and finally suggested Angelo’s, which Sherlock accepted with a huff, John smirked slightly knowing full-well that Sherlock wouldn't turn down Angelo’s, he never does.
John kept his eyes on the house as he walked, ignoring any thoughts he may have about Sherlock and focusing on the task at hand. The house is quiet, no signs of life are indicated. No outside lights are on, nor the inside, but that could be because Sherlock and his ridiculous knocking terrified them into remaining invisible.
Sherlock quoted word-for-word, and John couldn't help it-this should bother him and make him angry, but for whatever bizarre reason, he started to grin. “So you punched him.”
The class got to talking enthusiastically to one another and John sat awkwardly while Sherlock appeared to be ignoring him. Then the worst had to happen, their teacher approached.
Sitting down in Language Arts, John found everyone ‘modestly’ moving a bit further away from John, including Sarah which surprised him most of all. This is not good.
“John.” Greg cut in urgently and suddenly John was pulled from his infatuated gaze to look at his friend across from him. “What are you doing?”
From that point on, John and Sherlock have been meeting at lunch in the library. Neither of them really saying much on the topic. When one doesn't have any homework to do, the other would help (or at least try to, after all Sherlock doesn't exactly need someone to help him.) When neither of them had homework, they would sit and eat together-well, John would eat and scold Sherlock for not doing the same.
John opens his mouth to reply but stops short. He breaks eye contact, obviously not expecting such a brazen question.
“Hiya.” She spoke to John in a sing-song voice. God, this woman has the voice of an angel. “I’m Sheryl.” She twirled a strand of hair around her finger and leaned against the table top looking down at John and completely disregarding the other two men with him.
"You're just now figuring that out?" John chuckles and pulls me with all his might back over the edge of the ship.
A noise filled the air just then, a sound that has, unfortunately, become familiar in recent days. A breathy sigh, like a moan. Irenes moan.
“Is that what this whole thing is about?” Sherlock nearly yells. “Another one of your schemes to cause more problems in this family, Mycroft?”
John wanted to spit out a witty retort but came up short. There is no arguing with Sherlock—well, there is no
John stared at Sherlock who’s leaning against the tree with his usual grace and elegance. John inwardly smiled, only Sherlock could pull off tree-leaning and make it look as if it’s an act the Queen should be mimicking.
“You’ve been in denial since the day I met you at Barts. I couldn't understand what you were saying to me just now because I already knew this. I assumed you knew that I knew. Apologies for grasping that you had no idea of my knowledge on your sexuality sooner.”
Lestrade looks weary. "Everything is on board now, I have the crew preparing the ship. Managed to get twenty-eight people willing to go. Crazy bastards."
“Do not disturb me, John!” Sherlock growled in frustration. John, confused, turned the corner and saw Sherlock with his hands on his hips staring at the counter top where a gooey black substance could be found, covering the entirety of the counter and some of the floor and even parts of Sherlock himself.
The room grew so tense that John thought he could pick up his butter knife and cut clean through it. He could see Earnest with her mouth agape and Eugene eating ferociously and watching the scene intently. John was out of view of Frederick and Violet but he could definitely see Siger who is practically fuming.
Sherlock stared at him with deducing and unreadable eyes for a long while. The silence expanding throughout the room and speaking volumes in Johns ears, Sherlock is starting to understand.
I stood up and walked to the edge of my cell and stared at the man. Much closer I could tell he is older, maybe ten years older than I. He is tired, didn't get much sleep during the night, perhaps didn't sleep at all. He didn't back away when I stood facing him, we're close enough to share the same air but the bars blocked any possible physical contact between us. If this were a normal person, they would've backed away immediately, even though there is iron blocking my way to them. Their fear would overcome their sense of logic. But not John Watson, no he held his ground; so maybe he isn't as dumb as normal people but that could also be because he has military training and is meant to hold his ground.
John looked over to said classmate on the other side of the room. The boy looked intent with his process of reading his Valentines. His dark, curly hair fell over his face as he read one particular card for longer than the others. Suddenly, Sherlock was flipping the card to and fro as if searching for something. John looked away and tried to look busy incase the boy started looking about the classroom.
“I said out!” Sherlock nearly yelled and looked at his nuisance of a brother. Mycroft looked unfazed, which is no surprise.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Don't bother me with semantics John, the point is you did not pull away or let go until we were back at Baker street.”
After much debating, John sighed and ran a hand over his face. He got up from the bed and walked out to the hallway. His bedroom is the closest guest room to the grand living space, the next bedroom—Sherlocks room—is a good ten feet down the corridor. John noticed his bedroom door shut and wondered if Sherlock could hear the soft melody echoing through the walls. Surely he would not be sleeping, he very rarely does. Besides, Sherlock is too uptight about being under the roof of the Holmes Estate again to be comfortable enough.
"He's harmless, John." I feel the need to tell him. Same-sex relationships are forbidden in most countries and could result in things far worse than the gallows. It's only natural for John to be shocked by the blatant assumption, however, he is on an island full of pirates so it shouldn't come as much of a surprise.
"Onto land John," I say and begin disembarking the ship. I can feel John follow closely, and almost hear his concerned thoughts wanting to ask if I'm alright, but my swift movements must be enough for him to let the question die on his tongue for he never asks.
"None of your business," I snap. John doesn't physically react, but I can tell he is surprised by my sharp response.
John groaned loudly and put his head in his hands. “I’m either too drunk or not enough.” He mumbled to himself.
John didn't realize he was running to Sherlock until he was on the ground beside his friend, holding the bloody wound. He was vaguely aware of the Yard cuffing the man that stabbed his best friend, but he was too busy repeating his mantra of
The room was silent. John glared at all of them. John could feel Sherlocks eyes boring into the back of his skull. But suddenly John felt the need to point out something else. “And his name is Sherlock,
Violet lets out a rough cry. “And I was already planning your future. Your children, and the beautiful wedding with your wife in my lovely wedding gown.”
John blinks at her. The entire room is silent. “He’s not a psychopath.” John managed to blurt out. “And we’re not together.”
Earnest looks confused. “Mycroft says otherwise…” She slowly drifts off as she is given a pointed stare from Mycroft. Suddenly Sherlock is on his feet.
It all started with Mycroft, the bastard! John swears he lives and breathes to antagonize his brother and everyone around him. AKA, John himself.
"Right then," Lestrade nodded and stood up, I followed suit. "I'll meet you at the harbor in an hour with a crew and we can set sail."
I walked away before John could say another word. Still, he follows me like a lost puppy which given his recent discovery makes sense. He is on a strange island full of convicts and only knows one man.
The following years were much the same. Sherlock was growing impatient and actually aggravated that he hasn't been able to figure it out yet. But goddamn the school is huge with over three-thousand students. In grade school, his classrooms ranged from thirty to forty students, but he never so much has given someone the time of day let alone a second glance.
John nodded right along with the Doctor as he explained Sherlocks predicament. He listened as he explained the medicines that he could have for pain, that he will need his rest and proper nutrients, and that he should be free to go by tomorrow morning.
"Follow my lead," I said again and swiftly took John by his fidgeting arm and guided him off the ship none too gently.
Lestrade stared at me with contemplating eyes, but I know before he decides what his choice will be. "I'll gather up a crew," he sighs. "But Sherlock if this is another wild chase-"
Since the first grade, Sherlock enjoyed Valentines Day. He aways received a Valentine from someone in his class, though they never signed their name and Sherlock slowly grew to accept that, though the mystery is damning and his curiosity was killing him. He didn't want to do anything to jeopardize this one-way relationship.
John slowly looked up at him and saw the complete sincerity in his face. That doesn't take away from the pain he suffered that year Sherlock was gone, and how much anger he still holds for the man himself for leaving him behind.
Sherlock stared at him with a surprised expression. Sherlock had never expected to be looked up upon, only has he ever been looked down on or was intimidating enough for people to run away screaming. Sherlock has never felt before, he only felt when he got Valentines and most recently when he became friends with John. John Watson will always be a puzzle to Sherlock, this confession proving it.
John glared at him. He has gotten use to Sherlocks insults, but they still get to him when it comes to his intelligence. “Why don't you enlighten me with your knowledge? Unless you think my small brain won’t comprehend it.”
Then John had come to the realization that this must be what it’s like to truly like someone. The problem is, Sherlock never gave the slightest hint of being interested.
"We are indebted to each other and he doesn't know where we are. He is not a threat to us." Even as I say it I know it's true despite the terms we met on and reluctantly agreed to trust each other with. "And it's not like you weren't once apart of the Navy," I remind him pointedly.
It is a beautiful day out for London, the clouds are breaking up and the sun is peaking through onto the streets. Despite the cold winter air, the sun is warm when it shines on John.
“Sherlock, you call my sister right now and tell her that we are not together and that it was a joke. Tell her we can’t go out on Saturday and apologize for being a complete git.”
I can't fight the grin finding its way to my lips. "Such romantic declarations at a time like this? Surely you must be
John looked away, feeling like he may have made a mistake bringing it up. He could only imagine what it was like for Sherlock and Mycroft growing up. He saw two children surrounded by everything they ever wanted… except their parents. John imagined they had a different nanny every week, that their parents promised to be home occasionally but ‘something came up’. He could picture them growing colder as the years went on, and more intelligent based on all the home schooling and tutors they had.
John stared at him. The thing is, the guy is so completely wrong. He is trying to get Sherlock to like him but he is getting all the wrong reasons from it.
John had been through a lot in his life. It started in his teens, when he first realized he was gay and knew he couldn’t tell his parents; even more so when his sister came out and she was kicked out of the house for being ‘sick beyond repair’.
Sherlock’s glare deepened. “And he is the best fuck I have ever had.” Johns eyes widened in shock, and Sherlock smiled deviously.
Greg eyed him nervously like he crossed a line, Mycroft on the other hand couldn’t give two damns. “You two seem like you’ve already broken up.” He stated smugly.
If seeing Sherlock Holmes attacked by his sister for a hug wasn't the funniest damn thing he has ever seen then he is a duck and Harry is straight. Sherlock tensed-up, frozen, and his facial features changed from shock to complete horror as he realized what is happening. Sherlock looked over to John pleadingly and John couldn't help the laugh that bubbled up from the pit of his stomach. John missed the glare that Sherlock shot him, though it was a bit half-hearted.
“Oh my, what has happened here?” Mrs. Hudson was suddenly beside John, looking at Sherlock accusingly. “Sherlock you better get this mess cleaned up, and I had better not find any stains or it will be placed on your rent.” She tisked at him in warning.
“You’re with him?” The man questioned with a smidgen of disgust as he looked John up and down. John glared at him.
Sherlock sat still and stared at John, slowly beginning to relax a bit. Neither of them moved until they were stopped in front of a gate.
Sherlock was curious to know if something were to happen this year on Valentines Day. It’s middle school so things are different. Why would anyone go out of their way to pay and give him a ‘candy gram’? It’s absurd. Yet Sherlock was still hopeful, a dangerous emotion and verging on the line of a scolding from his brother.
“DAMN MY LEG!” John burst out, surprising Mrs. Hudson and himself. “Sorry. I’m so sorry. It’s just sometimes this bloody thing…” John trailed off. He is more than frustrated with his leg, he is a bit frustrated with being called homosexual, and he is aggravated with Sherlock for running out on him, moving in without letting him know…
I noticed the sun begin to rise on my left, painting the horizon with different shades of pink and yellow. The sun peaked over the water and cast shadows on the ship. The water glistened, and I felt the heat dance on my face. Ah yes, home at last.
I felt my eyebrows raise high enough that they could've touched my hairline, if that were even possible. Fascinating. This man is rather interesting. His determination, his fearless attitude. No, that look in his eye, he is a bit fearful. Fearful of me and my answer but confident and strong nonetheless, he needs to be strong for his sister. Being in armed forces teaches one to not show anything that can be used against you, in case one came across an enemy such as a pirate. Such as me. But little do they understand how much I can see and how little able they are to really mask how they feel. But this one, this John, does so well. It is more difficult to tell how he is feeling on the inside; I've never come across another person capable of masking their feelings so well. That is fascinating indeed.
“Let me tell you this, all of you, this man right here is the most intelligent man I have ever come to meet. Rude, sure. Mostly because all of you are too small-minded to even appreciate such a talent.”
As I walked I let my fingers card through the fabrics hanging in the shop stalls we pass, and then let them dance over the wind chimes in the following stall. I stop at the next one that has books for sale and observe them until one catches my eye about chemistry. I pocket the hand-held size book and drop two silver coins on the table for the vendor.
Sherlock says nothing on the way back from the Manor, and neither does John. Both of them are too engrossed in their thoughts for completely different reasons. Sherlock can’t help but feel absolutely humiliated, and wished desperately that he could've just told Mycroft no to dinner. He is so ashamed that he didn't have enough power to spit out no and protect John from the hell that is the Holmes family.
“Clearly so.” John snapped back. “What have I told you about the experiments in the kitchen, Sherlock?”
John followed Sherlock down the dirt path towards the barn. It was a bit of a walk, but gave John the time to take-in his surroundings. He noticed the sun was starting to set, he noticed the maize held an orange-like glow to them, he noticed Sherlocks shadow turning from long to nothing as the sun disappeared below the horizon, he felt the light breeze on his skin and watched it ruffle the cornstalks. Given any other situation it may have been a lovely sight, but they are on a case, and the only thing he can focus on now is his partner before him and the barn they are quickly approaching.
It was around midday when we reached our stop. John anchored the ship when we pulled to port, but I couldn't stop staring at the skies in the distance. The first place I was planning to find Mycroft is in the direction of those storm clouds, and I don't like storms.
“A guest?” John and Sherlock spoke at the same time. John looked at Sherlock accusingly for eavesdropping but Sherlock was looking at Mrs. Hudson with his curious frown.
John laid in his bed wide awake. It’s two in the morning and he is still stressing over what he did in Chemistry. He can’t help but feel that he has made a terrible mistake, granted Sherlock did need someone to stick up for him, but John knows the repercussions are going to be worse than the deed itself. The looks he started receiving after the event were horrendous, like he had turned into Sherlock Holmes himself. John also received text messages after school from some of his rugby friends asking things like
“Okay you’ve made your point, Sherlock. Now what do you propose we do? Sneak in through a window? Kick in the barn door?”
By the following year, John and Sherlock were best friends. The other students didn't seem surprised, but they still held their looks of disgust and utter shock that rugby player John Watson was associating with the class freak, Sherlock Holmes. John didn't care, and he didn't even care when none of the students wanted him on the team that year, and he didn't care when he didn't end up on the team because of it. Why would John ever want to be around people who are so critical and rude? The final year of high school and nobody has even grown up in the slightest. John found himself in an epiphany of concern that
Sherlocks chest did something he has only experienced a couple times before: John shirtless at the lake, their hands accidentally brushing together while they walk, John showing any sort of sadness and need to talk with someone. All of the feelings were different and this time is no exception. Sherlocks heart started beating rapidly and felt as though it beat up into his throat and down to his stomach. A smile spread on his lips. At first Sherlock never liked to feel any sort of feelings, but he found that feeling for John is okay.
“John.” Sherlock spoke gently and looked down at John. John stared up at him angrily, he froze entirely when he felt Sherlocks hand interlock with his. “She already knows, there is no point in hiding it now.”
John and I continued preparing the ship, John began to adjust the sails in final preparations when he called out for me in a hushed tone. My eye roll came on its own, this man sailed the sea with the Royal Navy, surely he can tie a few ropes. When I reached him, Johns brow is furrowed and his eyes are focused on the shore.
After a moment of waiting and listening for signs of life inside, John spoke again. “Maybe no one is home.”
John looked away and quickly wiped his wet cheeks. “Sorry.” He mumbled and slumped down further in his seat. There is no way he can stand looking at Sherlock right now; he doesn’t deserve even the slightest hint of sympathy, especially from someone as amazing as Sherlock.
I roll my eyes at his juvenile idea, but sit up in my place anyway, curiosity always got the best of me. "Alright, John. Dazzle me with something from your past." It was meant to come out sarcastic but ended up sounding the opposite.
Suddenly, Johns mouth was moving without his consent. “You’re tranquil when you play. I’ve never seen you so calm before, not even when you're asleep. It’s wonderful.” John didn't realize that he was looking down at Sherlock with pure admiration and affection. Sherlock took notice, he takes notice to everything, especially when it comes to John Watson. Sherlock looked away, and John could've sworn he saw a shade of pink ignite his cheeks. John bit his lip to keep from smiling. Sherlock Holmes is blushing.
"You, you and you. On the ship, make ready to sail." I pointed to the three smallest and nearest crewmen with my gun and they ran for the ship, doing as they are told.
John bit his lip, as much as he would like to be here with Sherlock, he really shouldn't risk being seen with him right now. He can’t ruin his life more so than he already has.
Sherlock sighed, and tried not to cringe at the pain it caused his stomach. “Yes, John.” He shut his eyes as if he could fake sleeping so John would stop speaking.
Once they were all on the ship, I came out of my hiding place and started back to the shore. I'll have to find a different dock to leave from.
Mycroft sighed and turned to face Sherlock, leaning on his umbrella heavily. “We have been summoned.” He states to Sherlock. “All…
Just as Sherlock was fearing the worst in his fourth hour class, the door opened and in came two people holding candy grams. Six people in the class received one, Sherlock included.
John looked at him in pure shock. Leave it to Sherlock to not only get stabbed, but to also question it to be a ‘bit not good’.
"Well, I couldn't let my brother be alone on such a big day now could I?" I turned around and faced my eldest sibling. He is leaning on his drawn sword, as usual, and clearly has gained weight.
The nurse looked confused. “Oh, the man that was here earlier said he didn't have any other family-”
"And then you went into this mansion on the outskirts of the city so I stopped and waited for you. When you came out I followed you into town, watched you get chased, discovered who you are, learned your brother kidnapped my sister and other innocent people and found you in the cellar." John stated matter-of-factly. Yes, it was all quite obvious. But I needed to know what John saw.
John and Sherlock very rarely speak in Chemistry, John is appreciative of this. He doesn't want to add fuel to the fire, but it is also a bit unsettling knowing that Sherlock knows this and feels the need to help John by avoiding him in the public eye. They have never once spoken about the rest of the school or their situation. They ignore the ongoing comments about ‘freaks’ and ‘poor excuse of a jock’.
John ended up in Language Arts and Anatomy with Sherlock, they sat together in class and passed each other ridiculous notes, talking about the other students and the teacher. Sherlock deduced each one correctly and John would never be unimpressed by his friends magnificent talent.
Hmm, maybe I should walk out in the open and let someone recognize me; it will give me another chance to practice such acts. And besides, keeping hidden is becoming boring again. I need to
“It’s safe to say no one is in there then.” John said over Sherlocks shoulder. Sherlock shook his head and forcefully ran his fingers through his hair. A part of John admired how the pale of his fingers and the black of his curls contrast so nicely, another part wanted to slap himself for it.
John has already lost all his other friends. No one will talk to him unless they absolutely have to. His rugby friends have tried to kick him off the team for even being associated with Sherlock but the coach wouldn't let them. John still hasn't determined whether that is a good thing or bad thing.
“‘Don’t do use anything that can contaminate the food, keep all body parts labeled and on their designated shelf in the fridge, never use the microwave under any circumstances, and, for the love of god Sherlock, do not use fire or make anything explode.’ Yes John, I remember your set rules about experiments.” Sherlock recounted the list exactly as John had recited them for the first time, but in a voice John would argue he sounds nothing like. Sherlock may beg to differ.
As if being gay is a disease. Is this what would happen to John if he were gay and came out? Is this something Sherlock had to go through (if he is gay)? Do people really have to endure such hateful words? From parents, no less. Johns not sure he likes the answer.
Harry lent her hand for Sherlock to shake. “It’s such a pleasure to finally meet you! I’ve been reading the blog, and Mrs. Hudson had been telling me all about you two.” She grinned.
All the while, I could sense John growing antsy. Now he runs in front of me, forcing me to stop abruptly, and effectively block my direction of travel. "I thought we were going to be honest with each other." He looks into my eyes with those annoying big blues of his and watches as I roll mine in return if only to break the intensity of his gaze.
Sorry for the lateness! I was focusing on school, but now I'm out so don't let me give you anymore excuses ;) The next one should be up shortly, hope you all enjoy!
John is gay no question but he hasn't exactly come out yet. John wondered if Sherlock felt this way as well. There has never been any indication that Sherlock is interested in anyone ever. Not even John.
The only person John has ever come out to is Harry, and thankfully she didn’t pressure him into telling anyone else (specifically their parents) for obvious reasons.
He didn't respond. John turned and walked to the door, then stopped in the frame as another thought occurred to him, “Who is William?”
But of course, John knew better than to let himself grow close to someone again. Everyone he loves dies and he has no way of stopping it. John brings death wherever he goes and no one deserves to have someone like that in their life. People are dead because of him; really it should be John that is dead. He was the Captain, he watches after his soldiers, that was his one job and he failed and now he needs to live with it.
Sherlock grinned. Of course he hates carrying around a bunch of corny items, but Sherlock is easily intimidating enough now to just give one wandering eye a look and they back down like a scared prey running from a predator. Sherlock looked around the room to see a few surprised lingering stares and he didn't even need to glare this time, they looked away on their own accord.
Mycroft glared at John and John glared back. Greg looked away probably feeling guilty, and Sherlock being Sherlock seemed completely indifferent, though that didn’t stop the obvious bitterness in his tone as he said, “So Graham joined you for a donut.” He turned to an annoyed looking Greg. “Careful with this one, he will feed you until you look like him and implode.”
I try not to grin at his obvious distaste at the words and decide to have a little fun. "While I'm flattered by your interest, John, relationships aren't really my area."
Angelo leads us through the mellow restaurant to the corner booth against the windows. We sat, and he hands me a menu. I look up at him quizzically, I never need a menu.
"Sherlock?" John follows me, his refusal to drop the topic is clear but irrelevant to me. Instead, I favor observing my surroundings.
“I am positive of Lestrades words, but I am unconvinced he is correct. That man couldn't tell the difference between a-”
John nods, obviously trying to work out how that case went down. Really, it was simple. The incompetent police didn't bother to check for reports of robberies in neighboring villages, so I send in a tip that perhaps they should, and therefore informed Angelo to confess to his real crime.
Sherlock paced his bedroom, his mind replaying the scene in Chemistry and his conversation with John. What is he playing at? Why is he so kind? He thought it was just John Watsons nature. Is he wrong?
a lie, but I need to get out of here before I can waste my time figuring out something that can be tomorrow's problem.
So come Valentines Day on their last year of high school, John got a bit nervous. He needs to reveal that he is Sherlocks admirer. Will he be disappointed? Happy? Angry? Utterly indifferent? He is finally going to find out.
John sighed and continued to stare at him. His eyebrows drawn down in a frown, and lips shaped in a scowl. It is a funny sight to see, Sherlock pouting in public with his back supported by the trunk of the tree and one foot propped up against it, arms tightly crossed over his chest. His cheeks and nose are growing pink from the cold, John is sure his are too, although the sun is helping. Sherlock is probably freezing, but isn’t saying a word because of his dignity.
Sherlock kept his focus in front of him. “But a man as remarkable as you should have an evenly remarkable man by his side.”
It wasn't until the sky was black that he heard the sirens of the police and ambulance. John rushed towards the sound and discovered Lestrade arresting the man that John had shot. A few moments later, John heard rustling by the barn and discovered, to his relief, Sherlock. Although, to Johns dismay, he is fighting hand-on-hand with the second culprit.
John scrubbed his hands over his face and through his hair. They are past that now, Sherlock knows what he did, John knows why he had to do it, and they both know it will take a lot of time to heal that. It’s only been 6 months since his return, a month for John to finally talk to Sherlock again, and two weeks for him to convince John to live with him once more.
This was nowhere near the time Sherlock was hit on. John had convinced Sherlock to go to the pub with he and Greg after a long day, and finally closing a case that had taken them weeks. The three of them sat together in a corner booth and the bartender brought them beers. Sherlock, shockingly enough, downed his to less than half a glass while Greg and John sipped theirs and watched in surprise.
Sherlock frowned as John started to pack up his things. “Don’t bother.” Sherlock said without any of his usual malice.
John smiles sadly. "My parents. My father was a Navy sergeant so he wasn't around much, but when he was, he was a perfect father to me and Harry, and perfect husband to my mum.
“Don’t start. We will never speak of this meal again.” Sherlock angrily whispers back and then turns his attention to his cousin. “They’re slow coming but going as expected. If you have been on the blog recently you will see the case we wrapped up yesterday.” Sherlock kindly glared at her.
“I told you not to call me that.” Mycroft snaps, politely. “It is well.” He answers without elaborating, mimicking Earnest by taking a sip from his glass.
“That’s my Lydia, she makes only the best in the kitchen with the most pure ingredients.” Johns father said, taking Sherlocks intense attention from John to his father. “I’m Daniel, by the way. You must be the famous Sherlock Holmes.” Daniel extended his hand to Sherlock who took it and smiled politely.
“Irrelevant. I just thought mummy and daddy would want to meet the man their son has moved in with and taken a liking-”
When John reached the hospital a few hours later, he immediately went to the desk to inquire about his friend.
“Then why don't you two talk? I’m sure there is something more to talk about with someone you know as opposed to someone you don’t.”
It was a murder of someone in the British Government, it is meant to remain ‘hush-hush’ but the Yard is having trouble finding the culprit, ‘as usual’, though Greg blames it on not being able to inform his entire team.
“This is a bad idea.” John said as they sat in the back of a cab on their way to Johns parents house.
“They also knew you were gay. There is nothing more telling than your family knowing something about you, even when you don’t. Consciously anyway. They did raise you.”
“On the contrary, there are a lot of people who are nothing like their parents.” John stated, feeling contentious.
He approaches me with a giant smile and pulls me into a bone-crushing hug. It may be true that I haven't been home in a while but word must have spread about the gallows for Angelo to be more delighted than usual to see me.
Outside, John watched Clara and Harry spin around on the swing, and found his father raking the falling leaves into a large orange and brown pile.
But this is Sherlock. Of course he tried going through the process of elimination by keeping in mind all the new students, and students that left over the years and crossed them off the list. Unfortunately it didn't help, considering there were only three new students and only two left.
Now here is something worth my efforts: running for my life--though I'm always on the run for my life, this is a bit more literal.
at the blog then you would know that they are two completely separate crimes and were misjudged by the police in thinking they were connected based on their close proximity.” Sherlock corrected her.
“Don’t even think about it.” John heard Sherlock in the doorway. He turned and looked at him, Sherlock looks absolutely no different than usual, the only difference is his shirt is all black instead of another color. He has the top few buttons undone exposing his white skin that seems to look even whiter in contrast to his all black attire.
John narrowed his eyes at me. He is questioning my words though he knows I am correct. Surely he is smart enough to realize that. He doesn't want to trust me, that much is obvious. His military training is blocking all his sense of logic. But, there is a part of him who does trust me, based on these so called stories he has heard along with his need to save his sister.
John sighed, the poor sod must be going crazy trying to deduce him. Yet there is nothing to deduce with Johns words, they mean exactly what they sound like. Except Sherlock needs it spelt out for him. John smiled, this was one of the reasons why he felt strongly for Sherlock—even when he is a genius, he doesn't always get things right away. It makes Johns heart thud heavily in his chest. His genius, his uncertain man, his annoying git, his Sherlock.
“He’s lying. Who are you going to believe? Me or the Freak? Just look at him, there is a reason nobody likes him or wants to be near him. He’s just repulsive.”
John blinked and let Sherlock lead him. John looked back at the man who was gaping at them, and held his head down in shame.
Sherlock then slowly opened his eyes and raised them to John, not at all surprised by his presence. In fact, he seemed to be expecting it, anticipating it.
On the outside of course, he expresses nothing, like Sherlock. Although John knows Sherlock can feel, just like Sherlock knows the same of him. But John has reason for not expressing himself. Sherlock may have his reasons, or perhaps he just can’t help the way he is, but either way this is perhaps the first time Sherlock has ever seen John in such a state. John can see the shock and worry in his silver-blue eyes; he probably looks completely emotionless to anyone that isn’t John, or maybe Mycroft.
Harry rolled her eyes. “And neither am I.” She smirked and held up her left hand exposing her wedding ring. “Clara kept saying the same, even after we were engaged.”
"We don't have time to waste. Have you met John?" I gestured to John beside me and then walked the gangplank up to the ship to let them get acquainted.
It has been a long time since I was last on the Vatican Islands, a place I have long called my home, as have many other criminals and pirates. It consists of three islands, the main one of which is the largest and where most people reside, and two smaller ones flanking it. The one to the east is rocky and completely uninhabitable. It is so small that it shouldn't even be classified as land, it is just a pile of rocks jutting out from the ocean and takes up about as much space as a standard ship would. The one to the west is larger and covered in trees, it is similar to the main island in occupation but on a smaller scale. There are still shops and pubs and homes, just not as many. It is close enough that a large dock has been built connecting it to the Main so people can walk to and from both islands.
For the first time, John realizes he is not alone. He doesn’t have to go through this alone and he may not deserve this kind of attention from someone but by god it feels so damn good and he would be damned if he will ever let go of this feeling; comfort and affection, and from Sherlock of all people. His pale hand is rubbing gently up and down Johns back and his other hand rested on Johns thigh, running a thumb in soothing circles as he cooed and shushed John and kept whispering-
John turned around with tight lips and left the cafeteria, missing all the guilty stares that were trained on his back.
John nodded and made his way to the farmhouse, trying very hard to forget his train of thought, and thanking the heavens that Sherlock cannot read minds.
Harry turned around and gave him her ‘don’t lie to me’ stare that she had always given them since they were little. John almost backed away like he was a kid again, almost. “No point in hiding it now, Johnny. I know you better.”
Sherlock stared down at his Valentine. He seemed to have gotten the lottery this year. On his desk now sat a red rose and a small stuffed bear holding a heart. Beside it was a large chocolate bar with a note:
"There is only one person that lives so far off the reservation," John stated easily as if none of this is a big deal. "And that's Maryse."
John put his face into his hands. He is never going to win this battle. At this point, John is wondering if there is something about his physical appearance that screams gay because this is just getting absolutely ridiculous.
“It’s alright mom,” Harry said. “John is just telling Sherlock all the sinful things he is going to do to him later.” She spoke the words like they are the most casual lunch conversation and took a bite of her roll. Johns fork clattered to his plate and he could hear his fathers laughter echo loudly around the table.
John cleared his throat to get his mothers attention. She turned around and a large smile lit up her gentle face.
Once it was time to go, John noticed Sherlock pour all the other cards and candies into his backpack and carry the special one in his hand, keeping a strong grip on it all the way to the cafeteria.
It’s amazing really, the way Sherlock works, and the way John can work with him. Like magnets, the two of them move with each other, one moves and so does the other. Never drifting apart but never coming completely together.
John nodded once. “Right then.” He crossed his arms over his chest and looked to his feet, contemplating his next words cautiously. “Would you, um, continue playing, for awhile?”
She handed them both glasses of lemonade, breaking Sherlock from his thoughts to take it and thank her. Johns mother beamed, much like John did. Sherlock doesn't thank anyone.
John and Irene stared at each other wide-eyed. There is only one place John has ever heard that moan.
John peeked up through his eyelashes at Sherlock and noticed a small smile tugging at the corners of his mouth, or perhaps John is seeing things because in the next instant Sherlock is speaking with a neutral expression.
Running, how exciting. Finally something worthy of my time instead of silly attacks on ships I come across at sea.
“Don’t bother, John. We are wasting precious time standing here while he is probably finishing his donut down the street.” Sherlock huffed, crossing his arms and pursing his lips, effectively forming his famous sulk.
“What happened?” John repeated his question. Though he was extremely tempted to scold Sherlock about not going around hitting people just because they're idiots. Johns concern for Sherlock was too strong for a scolding at the moment.
“John!” Sherlock exclaimed, pushing his way through to stand directly in front of him. “You wont believe this!”
It wasn’t until they reached the door that John saw the plaque identifying the residents of this home.
Eventually John found himself in front of the schools library and sighed. He supposes he can get some of his homework done, and if he finds a secluded enough corner, he can eat as well.
So come Valentines Day, Sherlock wasn’t all that surprised to receive a high school version of a candy gram which gave you many more options like roses, candies, stuffed animals, singers (yes some members of the choir come in a group and sing annoying love songs) so all the really tedious relationship things that would usually set Sherlocks teeth on edge, given his circumstances, slightly excited him.
All he knows is that he has never felt more happy than he is when he is with Sherlock. Their summer had been filled with stupid exploding experiments and forcing Sherlock to swim in a lake and making him actually eat his food and get a good nights rest. They texted whenever they weren't around each other, silly things or boring conversations. Sherlock had a habit of texting John when he was bored and would state so rather bluntly. Those times, despite how annoying it could be, John couldn't help but smile.
“John.” She wiped her hands on one of the flannel rags and walked over to give her son a hug and kiss on the cheek. “Oh I feel like I haven't seen you in ages.” She placed her hands on his arms and looked him over fondly.
My eyes land on Angelo when I enter the pub, but only because he sees me first and exclaims my name before my eyes can adjust to the darkened lighting.
“No problem, sir.” John smiled. “We- uh- already know each other.” He supposes that’s true. He could see Sherlock look at him from the corner of his eye.
“John have you met my cousins and uncle?” Sherlock cuts in urgently and sits up straight to point to the three people across from them, who were watching the exchange with amusement. “Over there is my cousin Earnest and that’s her twin brother Eugene.” Sherlock points from left to right. “And this is my Uncle Frederick.”
). The man stared at John as he took the seat Mycroft pulled out for him, luckily or unluckily, it is in between Sherlock and Mycroft. Across from the three of them are people John doesn't recognize, distant relatives?
“Why have I disappointed you? You had higher expectations of the Freak?” Sherlock questioned and actually looked confused.
When the night came around, John showered and dressed himself. Yes, he was correct in assuming that the sizes are right, they’re dead on in fact. John looked in the mirror and his eyebrows shot up. The clothing fit him like a glove, tight in all the right places and loose where they needed to be. The pants and shirt are the perfect length. Johns blue eyes stand out with the dark blue of his shirt. The tie, however, was making Johns neck itch and he had an urge to just pull it off.
"You think we can man a ship this large with just the two of us?" John questioned, taking in the main mass and all the ropes.
And that is why John went to every trusted resource he knew to get the photos tested for credibility. It took four different technicians before John actually believed them. The photos are real, and have not been tampered with in any way, shape, or form.
By the time Lestrade noticed me I was standing at the table before him. He held a pint in one hand and had another discarded on the dirty table. He looked up at me, tipsy as all hell, but still able to recognize me nonetheless.
It shouldn't have been a problem. John is always by Sherlocks side when these sorts of things arise. The medics in London don't mind when one of them rides in the ambulance together. Typically they don't allow it when the victim is not breathing, but Sherlock was breathing, John made sure of that.
John didn't look at Sherlock. He continued staring forward just as their teacher decided it was time to continue on with class.
John never found out why the letters stopped, why that day, and why that message. All he knew was that he was relieved, and he smiled at his and Sherlocks photos the following night.
It's difficult to maneuver around all the men rushing in a frenzy but I make do. The deck is slippery, and I am reminded just how long it's been since I've last stepped foot on a ship—and in a storm no less.
John doesn’t make any sort of hatefully redundant comment about the ‘bloody awful’ weather, which Sherlock is immensely grateful for. Instead John asks, “See anything new?”
John was about to contribute to the harmless banter, when he heard the small snap of wood. He gaped at Sherlock’s pen, now broken beyond repair.
“Don’t worry John,” Sherlock soothed. He steered John towards the carriage with a hand on his back as he explained, “I’ll be sure to take care of everything.”
“Sherlock, if I’m the best man that you’ve ever met, then I’m afraid that’s a result of your small reference pool. It doesn’t mean you have feelings for me.”
Sherlock’s fingers circled and rubbed, building up the sensitivity, until he finally pushed in. The muscle flexed around his finger, and Sherlock couldn’t help his small gasp from feeling the tight heat clench around the digit.
As he sighed deeply, John knew that he hadn’t forgiven Sherlock for his words. Sherlock’s desires to keep him close to the mansion were bafflingly petty, and his remarks had been overtly cruel. It was a bitter sensation to be angry at the one person who had become his constant in the chaos.
It was the image of long sinuous bodies writhing in dirt, slowly becoming sightless and slimy, that jolted another realization through him. Marriages that clearly were no longer in existence, but with their divorce papers mysteriously absent.
John saw the slight dip of Sherlock’s chin as he nodded. “You probably won’t believe me, but you’re remarkable. You’re engaging, funny, charming, and entirely separate from bland people pretending that they’re inherently unique by virtue of the simple truth that you actually
"John," Sherlock's voice is reluctantly grounding him back to reality, "John, I know it's hard, but I need you to concentrate." John whines, unwilling to play any more games. God, just let him come dammit.
After he’d soothed his thirst, he tentatively rose out of bed. Every part of him ached, and he cursed his illness more as a man who enjoyed his health than as a budding physician. John picked up a small mirror to inspect his morning stubble and debate the wisdom in handling a straight razor when he felt so weary. Something in his reflection caught his eye.
Sherlock watched the boy’s face flush, and found it to be a pleasing sight. He looked at John’s clenched hands, and noticed the hard work that had gone into caring for his scrap of land, and noted the bravery it must have taken to make this journey. Sherlock considered the amount of pride he must have swallowed in order to beg for scraps from his monarch.
The night air was cool without being freezing. With the yellow streetlights and the quiet serenity, it felt like they were the only two people walking in the whole world. John shoved that stray thought away to unpack at a later time, or possibly never.
"Sherlock-" Lestrade starts reproachfully, but Sherlock interrupts him, standing from the sofa in an infuriated flourish.
Instead, Sherlock lay down beside the boy, moving him over to make room for Sherlock’s much longer legs and far wider chest. John could only half heartedly protest, too exhausted for anything else, “Don’t you have your own room?”
“Yes, I know you have copies, you snobby prick. It was symbolic. Whatever the fuck you think is going on, and I take the greatest petty pleasure in saying this, you are dead wrong.”
John notices freshly cleaned clothes and a modest meal of a sandwich and crisps with bottled water by the door. When he dresses himself and especially when he bends down, he resolutely ignores the stabs of stretched pain in his backside. He may have been thoroughly prepared, but his body is not as young as it used to be.
Sherlock huffs in irritation, "Less so than a being with wings and talons. Your skin is fortunately similar to someone who has been abroad in a warm climate for some time. If it were something more...exotic, we may have had a harder time of it."
Sherlock’s gone slow with him before. He’s drawn it out to the point where John was begging so earnestly that tears had fallen down his cheeks. He’s been careful too, either in bringing pleasure or pain. Something is different about this time, pushing through John’s lust hazed mind.
“I made that joke about you asking me out on a date my first day here,” Sherlock pointed out, “That wasn’t a clear enough indication for you?”
He was Sherlock’s treasure, to be molded and shaped as he saw fit. The fact that he had listened to John’s suggestions indicated a miracle. All of this swirled in his head like a maelstrom that John shuttered himself against. He couldn’t let himself fall to panic and speculation now, lest it consume him entirely.
John couldn’t help but scoff at that, “Somehow I doubt that. But hell, even if you never do actually finish the job, you’ll still bring me close to dying.”
“Oh, come on, John! I’ve been in your house. If it wasn’t for a sense of obligation and pity, she would probably be sleeping in the upstairs bedroom.”
Instead, Sherlock gently turns the wrist, licking at the marks. He swipes at the red lines, and suckles at the blue spots. When he's done with one arm, he moves on to the next. John offers this one without prompting, which sends a spark of surprise down Sherlock's spine.
“Yes,” Sherlock nodded, “of course.” He moved with a speed John didn’t know he was capable of. Before he could try to land a punch or even move out of the way, Sherlock had John’s arms behind him, locked in such a way that moving would dislocate them.
Sherlock fingers stroke under his perineum, and his hand fists over John's cock three times before John spurts with a soft, "Sherlock." The man is suddenly possessed, and he's gripping John's hips and thrusting against him with fierce abandon.
John growled at Sherlock’s smug look and bucked underneath him. “Why in the hell did you bite me? Get off!”
It's the reference to time that has Sherlock straightening his spine. He hopes that the gargoyle won't be offended when he asks, "How old are you?"
John looked torn for a second, but he was too polite to turn something from uncomfortable to embarrassing. And he was far too trusting to question Sherlock’s words. “Poor girl. That’s awful.”
"Please, miss," Sherlock said, a little more insistence in his tone, "I promise, I'll believe whatever it is you have to say. I don't think that what was in that alley was entirely...natural." And good God, he can't believe those words are coming out of
The need that had become dormant in him sparked back to life. He nuzzled his face into the pillow, unable to see Sherlock’s reaction when he spread his legs a little wider. John heard a quick intake of breath, which made him flush darker.
John wasn’t sure if they could be qualified as adrenaline junkies back then. They were certainly never stupid enough to jump away from oncoming trains for a quick rush, but neither did they hesitate when things went tits up.
Sherlock only smirks, "The date is fine. Though that's flattering of you to ask." He pushes past John, heading towards their wardrobe. He's peeling off his suit jacket and button up before he says, "Get dressed. We need to be at our reservations in an hour."
“Good God,” Sherlock bemoaned, “is idiocy contagious? Did this town sink its claws into you within the last few hours? Yes, I live next to you. I have since I’ve moved here, which was approximately thirty-two hours ago. Now that you’re all caught up, do you mind if I also borrow some of your vinegar?”
He doesn’t notice the way John’s hand lingers a touch too long on his back when he ushers Sherlock into a cab. He doesn’t preen under John’s gaze when he’s clearly staring at him while he rattles off deductions. He certainly doesn’t return any of those gazes, or steal any of his own touches.
John’s heart ceased to beat. The wine and his dinner became a weight in his stomach. He felt that if he dared to breathe, then his world would shatter in a cascade of carefully built denials.
John bobs his head, skipping his routine foreplay. Usually, Sherlock likes to be teased. He likes to be brought to near incoherence before savagely fucking John's mouth. However, Sherlock thinks, he's certainly not opposed to this abrupt enthusiasm. He possessively grips John's head with both hands, not pulling on the hair this time. Sherlock lies back in the chair, eyes rolled in his head. A groan is forced from his own mouth when John goes so far down that his esophagus flutters slightly in protest. John pulls off softly, to try and get a breath, but Sherlock snarls and shoves him back down.
Back and forth they went, while the driver gave them odd looks every once in a while. Eventually the words lost meaning, and they just said things to stave off the temptation to sleep. They said nonsense phrases or compliments that had them giggling without reason.
He looked like every mopey teenager that hadn’t gotten his way. Which made John’s eyes narrow in suspicion.
After the final ‘I do’ and the most tender kiss in all of Britain, John was glad at their decision. There was a pang of hurt at the loss of Harry’s celebratory whooping in the background, but it fled at the sight of Sherlock’s loving expression.
His king brother remained stoic, and after a heartbeat longer Sherlock began to fear that he would lose an interesting opportunity as well as remaining undisturbed with his studies.
Ever since he’s met John, he’s wanted nights like this. Perhaps not always as honey-golden and ordinary, but this quiet domesticity is something Sherlock covets like the rarest butterfly to an entomologist.
“Are you quite alright?” Sherlock asked, “You spent a great deal of time in the greenhouse, did you strain your body?” His hands roved over John’s hips, checking for some injury.
? If it does have a nest, it's obviously not here. No, back track. Dangerous to theorize ahead of data.
“Not to me it isn’t,” Jim admitted. He held up a hand at John’s betrayed expression, “Forgive me John, I sympathize with your plight, I truly do. But the benefits of having a mind similar to Sherlock’s is that I can understand his motives when they seem perfectly mercurial to outsiders. It isn’t that Sherlock is against your pursuit of becoming a doctor, it’s the threat of you leaving that appalls him so.”
Sherlock wonders if his mother was lying. Or perhaps this was always meant to be and he just hastened the process.
Moriarty raised a dubious eyebrow, while his dark eyes remained concerned, “What did you hear? Good Lord Johnny, you look as though you’ve seen a phantom.”
They entreated him, crooned and sang until his head swirled with their nonsense rhymes and dire pleas.
Sherlock huffs a laugh as well. “I would say that I’m sorry to have given you such a fright, but I’m really not.” It’s not that he hasn’t seen John scared recently. Quite the opposite in fact. Dread clings to John like heady cologne, ready to evolve into terror at a second’s notice. He certainly hadn’t meant to keep John on a knife’s edge for so long, but that is the result of his presence.
Sherlock and Mycroft’s deductions came crashing over him. They had both insisted that his attraction to Sherlock had been so obvious that he didn’t need to bother with pretending. Which John hadn’t been. He hadn’t been hiding some illicit attraction, he
The space isn't a particularly great one for the use of a quick escape. The trapdoor still remains open, but he would have over fifty feet to cover in order to dive down back to the stairs. His only other option offers a higher mortality rate than just confronting the beast.
John was about to say something that was definitely inappropriate to say to a pseudo-student. Sherlock spoke over him before he could. “I don’t suppose that contains an extra set of my own clothes,” he nodded towards the bag.
While the process of disciplining John has been heady, it is also exhausting. He gets his minimum of five hours sleep, and each time he wakes there's a jolt of uncertainty that John is not there. That he has escaped, or crumbled beneath the weight of his own mind. But a quick check on his laptop is all he needs to assure himself. Sherlock's not concerned at John's twitches from nothing, or his mumblings of nonsense. He was even amused when John had started humming and quietly singing to some ridiculous song Sherlock had never heard of.
He reaches for the door, not wanting to see the disgust just yet (he'll get plenty of that later when he has him alone). Then whips around when he hears "That...was amazing." A snore punctuates his statement and Sherlock belatedly realizes she's been asleep this entire time.
The inside of their metal box dings, and the doors open close to silently. Sherlock places his hand back on John’s arm, leading him again. Their footsteps echo a little eerily, considering that John knows this is a hospital. There should be equipment, the steady beeps of machinery and people to bounce away the noise.
“You’ll be my eyes and ears. And backup, if necessary. Hence why I asked you to bring your gun. If they catch onto us, things may get messy. Although since most of them are teenagers, they should be scared off by the sight of the weapon. I just need to know who’s running the operation. Once we have sufficient evidence, the first thing we’ll do is bring it to the police. I promise.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, “Well, that would depend entirely on what it is you think I’m doing. I’m observant, Doctor Watson, I’m not a mind reader.”
“My goodness, you are worse than an easily distraught mother,” John teased as he reached for the vessel to pour his coffee. Sherlock grabbed it before he did, as well as his cup and saucer.
“And you? What did you get out of it?” John couldn’t see Sherlock putting up with someone who just hung around for bragging rights. Like Sherlock’s presence was a torture you had to endure for some kind of initiation.
John looked up at Sherlock curiously, but Sherlock couldn’t speak. He could only press his head against John’s forehead, and share the same breath. He pushed John down until he was lying on top of him. Comprehension crept up John’s face. He nodded, a solemn promise not to move.
Mycroft tapped his umbrella once against the floor, a nervous tic he had never managed to squash down.
“None of that Johnny. As much as I understand that you would be sincere in whatever you were about to say, it’s quite unnecessary. Sherlock and I only deal in truths after all. Now let’s get back to the house before your food becomes unpalatable.”
The sensation is more than a little weird for John. It borders on the edge of painful. An area that has never been penetrated before is suddenly being filled. He doesn't move though. Just breathes unsteadily through his nose as the soft tube travels through his urinary tract. Sherlock keeps adding more lubrication as he sees fit until John can barely register just how much is being fed into him.
“Ah, yes,” the boy’s voice suddenly sounded rather abashed, “that was the other thing I’d meant to point out. Your limp is psychosomatic. Which, as a certified surgeon, you probably already know but haven’t been able to cure. I suspect it’s to do with adrenaline and the subsequent loss of it due to a repetitive lifestyle, but it’s dangerous to jump to conclusions without sufficient data.”
Is it his withering muscles? Not being able to move anything but his hands? Leaving him stir crazy and banging on the walls just so he has some kind of release? No.
With dawning horror John began to realize that perhaps it was because he never had a chance to even hide it from himself.
“Handcuffs, really? I thought we both preferred the leather. These things are fucking painful, Sherlock!”
“I do apologize if I caused you any amount of grief earlier. Though I think Sherlock received the brunt of it, much to my shame.” John said before Moriarty could ask any further questions.
Sherlock kneels down, watching John struggle to remain still. The gag is as firm as a bridle’s bit, but made of yielding plastic to avoid any chipped teeth. Ropes are knotted through the holes at either end, and the taut cords encircle John’s ankles with expertly tied knots.
Gently, he grasps it in his hand, feeling the velvety skin pulse in his grip. Sherlock's breath stutters out of him, but he doesn't move. This needs to be John's time to explore, to get comfortable. What comes next is crucial.
"You said you wanted to go to a pub, and that's what we're doing. Why should we be involved with other people at all?"
John has to crane upwards in order to kiss Sherlock. Especially since the man wasn’t expecting the kiss, and therefore didn’t bow his head to meet him halfway. The shock of John’s kiss makes Sherlock stop moving completely.
“What? What are you talking about? He just gave us free food, not that I would have minded paying, but my rationing days have forbidden me to turn down a free meal.”
“And when everyone doubts your word, how long before you begin to doubt yourself, John?” Their voices seemed to blend together, to form echoing and prophetic soothsayers. Or perhaps it was the spirits that floated in and out of John’s vision that spoke to him, their malformed shapes as insubstantial and fleeting as smoke.
When she ripped the sheer fabric away, John let out a startled yell and recoiled. Harry’s mouth was gaping wide with an unhinged jaw, stuffed to the brim with red berries. “I’m so thirsty John,” she somehow spoke around the fruit. Each seed fell from her mouth like frozen drops of blood, “I’m so thirsty.” She pushed herself up with supernatural strength, and shoved John to the ground. Her rotten eye sockets stared down into him as she raved, “Let me drink! Let me be filth!”
The roughened tissue tingles from the rubbing.  Slowly, John pulls his hand away from Sherlock’s grip, and it’s a dull surprise when Sherlock lets him. John was more shocked from this confession than he realized, as their desserts are waiting beside them. It’s so artistically crafted that it’s almost a shame to eat it.
Climax struck John like a runaway horse. He catapulted into pleasure with all of the grace of a blow to the stomach. With his release done, all that was left was for him to fall into darkness.
He knocked on the door of the study to prevaricate being a member of the staff, but no one responded. John entered the empty room, hurried to the desk, and returned the keys to their original place.
John clenches his teeth, "Understood. Would you like me to start trying to recall the exact minute you ruined my life, or can I use the broader interpretation and expand it to the date?"
So Sherlock is careful, like he’s careful with all of the things that matter to him. Most of the tea in John’s side of the cabinet is completely normal now, and there’s been a noticeable lack of cinnamon in the house.
Sherlock licked over the area he’d just bitten. He did it again to hear the breathy noise John released each time.
. The last one had left the homeless man in tears when Sherlock had verbally deconstructed why that was incredibly imbecilic.
Something started dripping onto his face, and before he could register what angle he was in, a tube was placed directly on top of his lips. Eagerly, John wrapped around it and sucked. It was much like the bottles in hamster cages. The tube was plastic, and only admitted the glorious fluid whenever John pulled from it. Greedily, he kept sucking, only stopping for air. When he'd emptied the bottle of the last drop, it was pulled away.
“No,” John denied to himself, “no, they were still poisoning me.” He looked up towards the shelves. He moved aside dried herbs and experimental remedies, but the mysterious pot from before was gone. In his haste and desperation, a few crashed onto the ground, spreading broken pottery and fragrant mixes everywhere.
"Only a few questions," Sherlock said, infusing as much gentleness as he could in the few words. The man looked hesitant, then nodded. He stood tensely off to the side, ready to usher Sherlock away if the patient became too exacerbated.
But John’s breath just huffs out against the wall, and he crosses his wrists behind him without being told. The leather cinches over his wrists, a steady weight that, in this moment, feels less like a binding and more like a lifeline.
"John," the voice is questioning, and Sherlock turns John's unresisting body to face him. The man blocks most of the light, so John can't make out his face from the shadow. He blinks up at the looming form, idly wondering what exactly Sherlock plans to say.
"Wait, I was joking. That wouldn't actually work-Sherlock!" he hisses after the man as he slides back through the opening in the roof.
He felt far more fragile than he could remember. Not even when had been shipped from blinding sun and bullets, then back to fish and chips with football, had he ever felt so disoriented. He was pretty sure that if someone touched him just now, he would crack apart like fine china in the hands of a toddler.
“His constant presence by your side was…is irksome to me. I understand that I am often occupied by my work. Yet he seeks your time even when I am free from other obligations. He would fill your schedule more so than your own husband, and before you object, I entirely believe it to be intentional. Jim has always been greedy.”
“Could you come like this John?” Sherlock panted, “Could you come with just me thrusting inside of you,” he jerked his hips harshly with every other word, “Could you come with nothing but my cock, with the camera capturing every twitch of your face?”
“Certainly,” John nodded, and thought the situation thoroughly defused. Until Sherlock opened his mouth to say, “John really can’t get up to anything else in his state.”
Such as John’s suddenly glazed eyes, or the way his flushed face was swiftly becoming less and less about anger. But John blinked his sudden daze away, backing towards the wall to put distance between them, even while Sherlock closed it with every step.
It takes Sherlock a full second to realize the man is walking away from him. Immediately he starts following him. He's definitely not going to lose the most promising catch he's had all evening. The blonde man is darting around the patrons, heading straight for the bar. Sherlock thinks for a moment he's just another customer, but his slouched shoulders and determined stride don't match up. Sherlock looks ahead to the woman he's heading towards. She's practically drooling over the counter with a whiskey in one hand and a clearly dead mobile in another with the mystery man's matching hair colour.
After England’s announcement of its alliance with America in the Afghanistan War, Mary had barely batted an eyelash when John had said he was enlisting. She understood John’s insatiable need to help people, as well as the satisfaction of aiding a fallen comrade immediately and often. She’d told him to be careful, and he’d better not step on an IED, because she’d never forgive him if she was forced to create some kind of Frankenstein monster for a boyfriend.
A nattering part of him wondered why Sherlock bothered to include the detail of his safety. He shut it up in irritation, too tired and sick with confusion to bother adding to his anxieties.
Snarling, Sherlock gripped John’s hair and pulled until John’s face was in perfect view. At the same moment, he slipped all the way inside until he was flush against John’s arse.
The man gripped the underside of John’s thighs, lifting them up and spreading his legs. Jim’s dark eyes greedily watched as he entered John’s body. John endured the sensation with detached horror.
Sherlock looked at him with a touch of his own confusion, mixed with a slight bit of wonder. “You don’t mind then?”
“Oh?” Jim lightly questioned as he finally moved towards the oven that had been keeping the food warm. “Why is that?”
The weekend passed in a blur. While John definitely caught up on all of the sleep he missed, he certainly missed out on his intended plans to stay cooped up inside of his house until the inevitable flurry of questions of Monday.
Confidence boosts John's bravery, and he turns to Sherlock's ear and utters, "Because you don't like to play with broken toys." Everything goes very, very quiet.
He was so close this time. So much closer than the last time he’d tried to escape. After John had woken up, adorned himself in a sheet in a pitiful shield for the outside’s cold, and changed his wound’s dressing, he’d immediately began again. There was no telling how long he’d been incapacitated, or when Sherlock would be back from whatever mysterious quest he’d undertaken.
Sherlock kisses John’s lax mouth, rubbing his tongue along John’s teeth to see if he chipped anything while holding back his begging. When nothing seems to need replacing, Sherlock spends a few leisurely minutes kissing John back into cohesiveness.
Two, he was intelligent enough to know when to go to those in power, and to bring something of practical worth. As well as not to let his own temper take over his common sense.
Sherlock glances back at John. He relishes in the pleading request from his good doctor. So desperate to save those he deems worthy. Well, John did say please, and good behavior deserves a reward. Sherlock nods curtly, "Very well John."
John stopped avoiding her gaze, and saw her raw pain and confusion. He was pulled back to when he had last seen that look on her face, when they’d argued about his leg and moving out of London. They’d both said things that they didn’t mean, had only flung words meant to hurt because they were both scared and upset.
He only realizes he's been gently thrusting in the air when he brushes Sherlock's leg with his groin. John pulls back, overcome. He doesn't see the greedy smile Sherlock wears when he repeats the stimuli. John's hands jerk in their bindings, desperate to grab, to hold. Sherlock continuously brushes his leg teasingly over John's erection.
He's sitting casually in front of Holmes' desk, legs crossed and feet bouncing in a playful rhythm. The Maths genius turns and regards John with a warm smile.
Which, John thinks, may be the wrong thing to do. Should he fake apathy to the fate of his sister? It was his protest that got Angelo killed in the first place.
“That is very much appreciated constable. Now then, John,” he turned to the man, and John felt an invisible trap cinch tighter around him. “I would like a direct answer, and I’m sure Jim would appreciate such a courtesy as well. How did you gain access to that safe?”
“No.” Sherlock cut him off. “I have every reason to suspect that at least one of the dealers is a child of one of the officers. If the authorities dawdled on this because of bureaucracy, and the parent warned them, which they likely would, then the same situation would occur.”
"Ah, you're coherent again. That's a surprise. I thought you would continue to be insensible this far in." So, Sherlock really was talking to himself. If John had brain functions, he would probably say something smarmy to that. Sherlock almost completely pulls out his fingers, and John whines in protest.
It sparks behind his eyes, marking a fiery path through his veins. His hand slips from John’s shoulder, and he lands gracelessly on top of John’s back.
Maybe all of his worries about seeing Sherlock in the halls or facing his wife were moot. Quite possibly he was going to be carted away to some unknown location and left in a hole to die, while some shady prick with an umbrella stamped some papers to make it all very legal and official. Death by governmental nepotism.
It surprised him, how little he knew about his wife’s outside life. What also caught him by surprise was how little he truly cared.
"From what? Dating for Dummies?" John giggles. Sherlock doesn't respond to that, which seals his guilt. John clutches his stomach. "No, no I get it," John continues, still tittering, "you got all your dating advice from '80s romcom movie marathons." The idea sends him into full on laughter.
John waited for elaboration. He continued to wait for quite a while. Finally, Sherlock noticed they weren’t moving. “Some political position, I’m not sure about the details, but it hardly matters. Whatever the title is, it’s a smoke screen to conceal how far his reach extends.”
Then again, maybe Janine would be perfectly fine with it. Maybe they were firmer friends than John knew. He had only heard Mary talk about her once or twice, but that meant nothing. For all he knew, she could be like a sister to Mary.
He could still manage this. A warmth charm and a minor illusion were easy enough to craft. John didn’t need to know.
The staccato of the droplets tell him the words, ‘sunshine’, ‘crow’ and ‘ides’. A blonde is going to be murdered on the fifteenth, and judging by the distinct shape that keeps reappearing, it’s going to happen in the Islington Borough. He tamps down the frustration of Seeing things that don’t matter.
John idly drums his fingers, wondering if he’s supposed to be doing something else. Most of the time, when these ‘games’ occur, John knows what’s about to happen. Either it’s because he’s bargained himself in accordance with their mad relationship rules, or because Sherlock likes to see the trepidation in John’s eyes before they begin.
John had applied that odd request to a need for privacy. They lived far enough away from everyone else, and Sherlock had admitted it was often hard for him to communicate with others. John remembered his husband’s narrow face illuminated by the moon, the fury on his features making him the perfect likeness to a Horseman of War. John shook away that comparison with a stern reprimand to himself. Sherlock had been worried for him, had sought him out in the middle of the freezing night, to find that his concerns had been well founded. Of course he’d be enraged.
God must have finally taken pity on him, for it was truly miraculous that he had made it to the village. By the time he got there, he was soaked, aching, and would surely suffer hypothermia if he did not warm himself soon. The realization that he no longer noticed the glass in his foot made for a very poor sign.
John hisses then, from his tensed arms being moved from their numbed position and because his urine now moves down his lap to settle under his thighs.
John had just started to unbutton his shirt, his mind in turmoil, when he turned around and saw that Sherlock was already naked. John’s fingers stopped moving. It wasn’t that John was new to coitus with his husband. They’d engaged in illicit activities before their wedding day, though they were discreet and brief.
But she notices the gleam in his eyes and the energy that vibrates around him. Whatever is going on, it will distract him from damaging the flat. Which, frankly, is all she cares about at this point. She adores the boy, deeply, but there's only so much violin abuse and minor explosions she can take at her age. Sherlock's vaulting up the stairs before she even has a chance to nod.
John tries his best not to move his arms or even clench his fists as Sherlock gently coaxes his dick back into hardness. John can already feel the slow burn in his shoulders begin to deepen, which makes the soft pleasure of Sherlock’s tongue headier. Sherlock gently sucks at the hardening flesh, grazing his teeth along the underside. Enough to make John squirm, but not enough to cause him pain.
John waits for Sherlock's response, braces for rejection, and receives a wry, "You really should have gone into politics. Mycroft would
“Such a short temper you have dear Sherlock,” Jim crooned, but his words held a hint of his own anger, “I do so wonder what you’d do to ensure I kept my hands to myself if you did rescind our agreement. I’d also inquire about your evidence to the conviction that you’d even succeed.”
“When it comes to you John, you will find that we have scores of patience,” Sherlock smiled. In the recent past, that would have flattered John tremendously. Now it seemed to pose as a veiled threat.
John would have gladly joined his wailing sister in the sewers if it meant his escape from this nightmare.
He left, feeling even worse than the last time he had walked away from that place. Then he’d heard the rush of wings ahead, the screams of people, and a great roar precipitated by the sound of blazing fire.
The lantern showed Jim’s shadow warped by flickering light as he idly shuffled through papers. John kept his eyes on the silhouette, waiting for the moment when it froze with awareness and anger.
Mycroft's face remained unimpressed, while the other guests quickly looked back at their meals when Sherlock turned his piercing gaze upon them. Sherlock leaned back in his chair, irritated. Mycroft cleared his throat pointedly, and Sherlock resumed trying to burn his brother alive through sheer willpower.
"Who are you?" John snarled, "What are you doing here?" He congratulated himself on how in control he appeared, how intimidating he seemed. Inwardly, he was panicking so badly he was nearly losing his mind. How did this human find him? Was it an accident? Was he being hunted? How many more were there? Was he surrounded? What was he looking for if not him? Oh, Empty Winds, what if this man was just suicidal and he'd picked the wrong (right?) time to try and jump?
It was their own private game, something no one else would notice. Sherlock took greedy pride in being swamped by strangers who had no inkling just how unlucky they were.
John sucks in a breath, and Sherlock watches his violent flashback with something like awe. "Also," John rubs his sweaty palms on his cotton pants, "we should move. Into a flat. Or at least somewhere with a bloody kitchen."
“You like it,” John said with a smile. He knew he was right when Sherlock looked at him in surprise. “You like the admiration.”
John still refused to speak. Jim’s expression turned to one of painful regret. As if John’s reticence caused him genuine harm.
John fell to his knees again, this time out of exhaustion. Pale hands tipped in talons silently covered John’s hands. Slowly he pulled his fingers away from the metal. Sherlock tipped John’s chin towards him.
John gave a snort of disbelief, but didn't take his eyes off of Sherlock. He was morbidly curious to see where this was going. "This," Sherlock said, "also includes your pleasure. If you do not want it, then I will not give it to you."
“We take every precaution,” Sherlock assured him, continuing to look completely surprised that his husband would be so accepting of a strange past time.
Regardless of how it was started, John needed to put an end to it. Otherwise, Sherlock’s need for control would consume the both of them until only ashes of their relationship remained.
But he doesn't want a drooling doll. That completely eradicates the whole significance of finding John. He could've picked up anyone off the street for a sex doll. What he wants is the soldier, the doctor, the man that wears hideous jumpers to cover a core of pure iron. So how does he get a man that is as fundamentally good as John to be true to him without breaking him down to a babbling mess?
When Sherlock turned around, he caught some of the scowl on John’s face before he could smooth it away. “I know it seems unfair now,” Sherlock said as he handed John some bland porridge, to be sure he kept it down, “but I promise that when you are yourself again you will see this for the necessary precaution that it is. Nothing will give me greater pleasure than to do away with all locks, poisoned zones or otherwise. It will just take time.”
Two very dangerous men regarded each other silently. By some unspoken and unknown conversation that took place entirely within their respective imaginations, they dropped the matter, and turned their attentions to something far more engaging.
He really hasn't made that much of a wound, the skin is that resistant. There's the clear mark where his teeth were, but the amount of blood oozing out is no more than what would be the result of a shallow paper cut. Sherlock laps it up again, reverent and unapologetic.
"God, they really aren't paying me enough to deal with your smarmy arse, no matter how brief it will be." Pickner snarled, eyes darting behind him. The man really was an idiot, brandishing a gun at a high profile crime lord while having his back to the open. He was quickly realizing this, so Sherlock needed to distract. At least long enough for whatever mildly competent security tail Jim had sent yesterday.
Moriarty had mentioned at the beginning, that Sherlock would never allow for John to imbibe something he knew to be dangerous. Perhaps his husband was unaware of the adverse reactions of memory loss and hazy nightmares. If he wasn’t, John was sure he would take his concerns more seriously than Jim had.
“And that’s your one and only old man joke,” John half-heartedly warned. He looked back up into the sky, and felt his heart swoop.
What little arousal John had before is swiftly returning. It’s a combination of the weight of Sherlock against his back that settles even more firmly when his hands move up to pin John’s down as hard as he can, his legs immobilized under Sherlock’s own, and the rhythmic grinding of his genitals and nipples against the bed with every thrust.
He sets the whole kit on the ground, snapping off his gloves and tossing them somewhere. He’ll clean and sterilize the lot of it later.
The both of them covered his mouth with their hands, and only a small measure seeped past their fingers, as John tried to splutter it back out. It didn’t take long for the medicine to have its desired effect. He felt it seeping through his system, gentle as a smothering blanket.
Lestrade examined all of the numbers, and nodded stiffly. He handed the paper back to Moriarty and looked at John while he said, “The code you used isn’t on there Mr. Watson.”
“Then the only thing you truly know about me is my relation to Sherlock, along with my name. For you see, it would be enough to catch my attention that Sherlock would have found anyone at all to include in his reckless schemes. What pulls me away from my busy schedule, is something else entirely.”
John rolled his eyes, but grabbed the rolled blanket without complaint. He followed after Sherlock, who had also packed a small torch.
A camera, the little red dot blinking merrily away at him. He whirled around to face Lestrade and said, "Please, tell me that
With his tongue and teeth he leaves little nips. Sherlock memorizes each wrinkle and twist with his tongue until he has to make a separate file in his brain labeled "John's Scar And Textures Therein". John's desperate groans and the muffled buzzing become background noise to the new mapping of an area Sherlock hasn't yet explored. Then, once Sherlock has soaked the wound in his spit, he bites down. Hard.
He chose to keep this to himself, as he wished to avoid offending Sherlock. The man was exceptional in many regards, but when it came to brewing coffee, there was much to be desired. This was certainly his most successful attempt. John wouldn’t even have to fight instinctually flinching at the taste this time.
Sherlock’s response was to lift John’s legs so they rested on his shoulders. He nipped at the inside of John’s thigh, and then traveled straight over to John’s hole. Without warning, he licked and kissed at the sensitive skin. John dug his heels into Sherlock’s back, forgetting that he was wanted to be careful.
John winced, “Okay, that’s fair. He also doesn’t really have a filter; I think we’ll agree to that. But it’s not like he’s being cruel for the fun of it, or thinking up ways to blow the place sky high.”
He shifts, and the sound is renewed. The length inside of him remains damnably still, no matter how much John rocks back into the man. It's a damned good thing that both men are holding onto him from either end, because John's pretty sure he would've collapsed onto the floor at this point.
Squeezing, breaking, smothering. He tries to fight it, to break the hold, to squirm out of its grip. But it only clenches tighter, and John can't move at all. He bangs his hand against it, slams his whole body into the motion. But then he's lost in the void, swirling endlessly with no one there to catch him. His voice rasps out to scream, but it's lost in the invisible bubbles of tar that fill his lungs and stain his soul.
His and Mary’s relationship coming to ruins was such a long time coming, that having it out in the open had shunted all of the stress into his leg. Now that he had slept it off, it was no longer a weight for him to bear. It seemed as good a reason as any.
“Well, until this storm passes, we could fill it with some other noises,” John suggests as he swings a leg over Sherlock’s thighs.
Moran huffs out, "Ha. Lucky prick. Still, if you have a preference, start using the opposite hand a bit more. 'Sherly' may not like repeating whatever Jim does, but you can never be too careful."
“Since you were so beautiful while taking my crop, I’ll still let you come,” Sherlock rolls his hips into John’s body, keeping pressure on the shoulder, “but only while you’re in pain.”
John's face has lost all color, and he stumbles back onto the bed. He collapses, running his hand over his face. It feels searing hot against his cold skin. Even though that can't be right, because the sweat is sticking to his hair. He looks back up at the stranger, and the man watches with something that John can only describe as cold empathy. He's been down this road before, doesn't wish it on anyone, but he simply can't spare the emotion to care.
Sherlock lost himself in those soft sounds until he registered the scent of an aroused Omega slowly filling the air. Sherlock moved his free hand from John’s hip to the back of his trousers, and smiled against John’s neck at what he found.
In fact, John’s shoulders begin to hurt quite distractingly after ten minutes of relative silence. John shifts around, which seems to be allowed, until his back is propped against the headboard. It’s still not ideal, but at least he can feel the blood running back into his hands.
He would endure it. He would put up with their charade until the blissful moment when those masks fell from their faces as the trap closed around them.
The last syllable had barely left her lips before dozens of blackened skeletal hands shot from the floor. They cinched tightly to her exposed bones, as seamless and unbreakable as manacles. Harriet’s mouth opened wide in a startled scream. The sound echoed in John’s skull as she was pulled out of sight.
Then he remembered being accused of being as helpful as a live-in librarian, and his teeth ground together. The back of his head hit the thick glass wall with a hard thunk. He could feel the chill which clung to the panes, causing frost to form and turn everything outside of his warm nook into a hazy dream.
Sherlock gently pats the side of John’s face to get his bleary attention, “Not to worry John, I’ll be back with the needed remedies. I’ve heard aftercare is important for this type of thing.”
“…What more is there to discuss my lord? Do you need my help right now?” Sherlock could tell that the serf was trying hard not to appear insolent. John did want this job, and was grateful for the king’s generosity, but an eccentric lord showing up after sleeping hours was cause for mistrust in anyone with sense.
Jim moved forward as if to embrace him. John was surprised by the gesture, as Jim was affectionate in words rather than actions. But Sherlock stepped in before Jim could get close to say, “John’s had a trying night. I believe it’s best he gets his rest.”
“What I feel,” Sherlock said with undaunted assurance, “is far more substantial than what you have with your own wife.”
It continues like this, slow, torturous. Sherlock laves his tongue over John's chest, his stomach, his navel. He parses out the soothing sensation with large sucks and bites. Finally, after his tongue is done dipping into John's bellybutton for the dozenth time, he moves onto John's cock. He kneels on the end of the bed, leaning down for better access with his hands parting John's thighs. The hot flesh stands rigid, a tiny drop of precome leaking from the tip. Sherlock darts his tongue out to lick it away, and John shouts. Mentally, Sherlock calculates how long he's had the drugs in his system. It should be reaching its peak now. Any stimulation at this point will morph together in the pain. Sherlock grins, and takes John into his mouth.
John choked down the hysterical giggle of relief and disbelief. He had already known that Sherlock was insane, but this, this defied description.
He thinks he catches sight of something hurtling towards him, but it's hard to tell in the dark and the wind is blurring his vision. Sherlock hears something like heavy fabric flapping out to the side of him.
give up talking to him completely. They had become a famous duo to the town overnight. The teenaged genius and his helpful mentor. If they cut ties completely, people would notice.
John refused to weep, but it felt worse to have the hot tears threaten to fall as he looked into Sherlock’s beseeching gaze. “I understand this is difficult for you to accept,” Sherlock said, “but you belong here with me John. I can’t risk you injuring yourself when I’m not around. If something were to happen to you I-” he seemed unable to continue. His hands came down on John’s shoulders to steady himself. He went on, “I don’t know if I would be able to survive that. So, for now, until I can trust you alone again, this is how things will be.”
His thighs kept John’s hips still, while his long fingers easily kept John’s wrists pinned above him. Sherlock highly doubted that John really wanted to escape. John’s eyes were wide and dark with unexpected arousal, and the tiny shifts of his hips was for seeking friction, not leverage. But Sherlock enjoyed the base pleasure of asserting his authority. He watched the boy’s tongue dart out to wet his lips. And saw how John’s breath quickened with lust and realization over his own helplessness.
Sherlock began to look genuinely hurt and John rushed, “Not like that! I just wanted him to get his goons to stop following you around. He seemed to think that having someone ‘close’ to you was better than someone you would eventually spot and slip. So I’m meant to give him updates on how you’re doing every once in a while, that’s all. But I don’t have to. Just say the word and I’ll delete his number.”
The clearing became their designated meeting area. Overthrowing many sensible conventions, the two became close companions. Sherlock, as the dragon was called, regaled John with different stories of his long life. John recounted his own times as a warrior. They talked about everything.
“Making demands John? That’s not exactly intelligent of you,” Sherlock replied, biting and sucking on John’s neck between every other word. John squirmed even more underneath him.
The thought of stopping it crossed John’s mind. He hadn’t forgiven Sherlock for his transgressions, and writhing together atop a pile of stolen blankets and pillows was an image that curdled his blood. Then he remembered the easy way the thick fabric had parted for Sherlock’s claws. All because the silk had hidden John’s skin away from him. John released a shuddering breath that the dragon mistook for eagerness.
The blue scales crept in an increasing amount like frost on a glass pane. John felt his eyes widen when he saw Sherlock’s narrowing pupils.
It didn’t matter. Mycroft was, as always, being melodramatic. This was manageable, and barely noticeable. This was nothing to be concerned over.
Sherlock rubs away a trail of John’s tears with a thumb, and moves it to the soldier’s lips for him to suck. Sherlock quickly chases the taste on John’s tongue, swallowing any further cries. The flavor of John’s tears, mixed with the helpless cries of John’s unraveling mind and body, causes Sherlock’s rhythm to falter.
He sits on his side of the couch, staring ahead. Sherlock smirks at him, pleased at his apparent cooperativeness. He slides in the disk, starts the film, then sits remarkably closer to John than is their usual.
John felt his mouth open and close over nothing. His mind continued to scream back at him in blinding white.
“I don’t understand,” Sherlock crawled back to let John sit up. John contemplated just lying there on the damp grass, but Sherlock deserved to be met with dignity.
And that should be enough to assure him, it really should. But suddenly John is plummeting down a pit with no footholds or bottom. All he can feel is an endless freefall that will only end messily.
The gargoyle is practically a hardened war veteran, has been alone for more than a hundred years, protects the city he loves literally with tooth and nail, and Sherlock just spat all over his beliefs.
“Is that what this comes down to? A spiteful desire to keep me at your side, even when it hinders my future? Are you truly so selfish?”
Stunned by confusion, John reached up to touch the thing. Something metallic circled his neck. Sherlock got off of him before John could voice his questions. Then he realized Sherlock was still holding something.
Then something occurred to him. Something that had been niggling in the back of his mind. He dashed out of the alley, bumping Lestrade out of the way. The man gave an indignant squawk that Sherlock promptly ignored. Looking on either corner, and finally to the opposite end of the street, he saw what he was looking for.
“No,” John finally replied, “no that…that won’t be necessary Jim. I just need some time alone. To organize my thoughts and come up with a suitable apology, more than likely.” He ran a hand through his sandy hair. A smear of sweat clung to his palm when he pulled it away. “Consider the issue forgotten until then.”
John choked again as the firm length obstructed his air. Instead of easing away, Sherlock kept his hips where they were, and tightened his grip on John’s jaw to prevent reflexive biting.
He's just standing there, with his tall chest pressing the buttons into John's back. Tentatively, John raises his hands to caress Sherlock's arms. He's not sure why he's doing it. There's no end game. He's not planning to throw Sherlock onto the ground. He's not trying to seduce anybody. He just wants to touch, and be touched.
Sherlock had thought that an acceptable agreement, and left. Once he was gone, Molly turned to John.
He moved himself down without further prompting, licking and nipping his way down to John’s pelvis. The soldier’s cock was only half hard, but it stiffened further when Sherlock blew a soft breath of air across the hot flesh. Inwardly Sherlock lamented that he hadn’t thought for a handheld camera instead of one stuck to a stand. To have video evidence of John swelling to arousal would have been a lovely sight. But he knew John wouldn’t be able to distract himself from something so obvious. Perhaps John would allow it next time.
Worms wriggled and crawled inside of him. They swam in his veins like salmon in a stream. They pushed and prodded their way through the blood dark tunnels, finding his secret places and burrowing inside of them. In and out of his body they dug furrows, tracing old paths and creating new ones by chewing through his skin and tissue.
With Sherlock’s help he was able to get free of the bushes. Around them, cops swarmed the abandoned factory. In the distance, he saw the group of drug peddlers lying on the ground as they were handcuffed.
The wails abruptly cut off after that. Sherlock released his hand, and six corpses hit the ground with a wet thud. White ribcages protruded from all of their torsos, exposing varying degrees of a red pulpy mess that used to be functioning organs. Sherlock had been aiming for their hearts, for poetic purposes, but that sufficed.
John gets one annoyed look, before he lowers his hands to his sides. The tools clack on top of the night stand while Sherlock's hands explore John's body. They've done that before, countless times, but this is different. He's not searching for the most effective erogenous zones now. Sherlock's trying to decide the perfect place to burn his lover.
As much as he wants to plead to Sherlock to take it out, he keeps the words behind his teeth. John refuses to beg every time. He’ll permit himself a few slips, he’s allowed that at least. For now he’ll keep what he can until it’s pried away from his fingers.
It would escalate, until eventually he would take a crack at her thievery and endless consumption of the humans' wine/mead/whiskey (whatever was in stock that she could carry in bulk). And she would retort that if he had been less naive of the humans' intentions, they might still have their brothers and sisters.
Sherlock scoffed. "I'm not a complete imbecile, John. Let me remind you that you did, in fact, give me permission. And it's not as if I did anything unseemly to-"
“And half the town, I suppose.” Sherlock said with some annoyance, none directed in any particular direction.
“Oh, you have no idea. Sometimes those messed up kids do it in the patch of woods near my house! Oh, the noise.” She went on, describing in detail how much the matter upsets her poor old grandmother, who is in a rather delicate state, mentally speaking, and gets awfully disturbed by so many things. “And of course, the police won’t do anything because many of them are probably their kids.”
“But the problem is, if we can’t get information from the police where can we get it?” John sighed, scanning over the menu. “Greenfield seems reliable enough, but she just doesn’t have enough information to go off of.”
John stepped between the two, forcing them both to acknowledge his presence for more than a few seconds. "So... you're saying vampire hunters exist."
Sherlock's eyes drifted off past John's shoulder, then fluttered back closed. John shook his shoulder, but the only thing that came of it was John’s hand falling out of his grip. “Sherlock? Sherlock, wake up. Can you hear me? Come on, Sherlock.”
Hey! It's summer and school's over, so I should be able to post more often. We'll see if I actually do though. I've been trying to keep myself busy with art shit and trying to sell my art shit.
A two minutes and one bumbling explanation of why one’s phone would end up at the bottom of the Thames later, Sherlock walked to the niche where John was waiting.
"He calls himself 'the muse'," Said the forensic investigator named Anderson, pointing out the words scrawled on the door frame as they entered.
It was a bad one this time. Sherlock almost expected something like this to happen after so many days of stagnation but he hadn’t anticipated it would have a more severe effect on his friend than on himself. John always did such a good job concealing the more distasteful sides of himself. He kept all the nasty scar tissue buried under long sleeves and jumpers and bore open wounds with a smile. But, as content as he appeared to be in the morning light, his sleeping form told an entirely different story.
He plodded along at an easy pace, allowing his horse a rest after his mad sprint from the stables. He took this time to take in his surroundings, searching for changes in the landscape. He’d never actually been near the forest he was riding to. He couldn’t imagine what would make it so different from all the other forests and woods in the area. Sherlock assumed it must be a particularly lethal species of nightshade or some fearsome beast which made that particular forest so foreboding, but it could easily be something entirely different that he’d never even considered. To be entirely honest, that’s exactly what the boy was hoping to find.
By the time he collapsed into his bed, he distantly hoped that he wouldn't ever wake up. Because he knew that when he did, he would be so sore and the wound that he hadn't the energy to treat would probably be infected.
In an instant, the coffee table was shoved against the couch, the chairs were nestled into a corner and all the stray paper that had become as common as rugs were half-assedly swept out of the way. And it was just Sherlock, standing half naked in the middle of the room, bouncing from foot to foot like the fight had already started and he was waiting for John to strike.
Sherlock smiled mysteriously. John considered how mysterious it would look with four or five teeth missing. He set aside the violin and sat down in his armchair. "Didn't sleep. How's your arm?"
Sherlock had begun conducting experiments on the travel of gossip through the community, releasing harmless little pockets of false information like ‘I was thinking of getting a cat’ or ‘I heard the prime minister was getting a breast augmentation’ and measured the amount of time it took to come back around and how removed from the original message the end result would be.
“Then I was wrong, your sense of taste is just as appalling as your deductive skills,” Sherlock retorts, before realizing he has to explain himself. “I’ve been…mixing it into your food.”
But those had been awkward and quick presses of lips before moving on to more carnal fumblings. And Sherlock had never been so overcome with the desire to consume. He indulged himself in the soft and thin press of John’s mouth. He lightly lapped at the skin with his tongue, and Sherlock’s heart stammered when the boy opened his mouth. Surprise or invitation, it didn’t matter.
This was simultaneously amazing and really, really annoying. Oh, John would crumble eventually. Given enough time and enough pressure, any person breaks. But that was the problem. Eventually. Sherlock could be more than patient if the project was worth it. And John was certainly worth the effort. But how long was too long? If Sherlock keeps up with the way he's been going on, he'll utterly destroy John and there won't be any parts left to begin reconstruction.
A seemingly mundane task for a criminal overlord, but like Jim frequently repeated to Sherlock, ruling the underworld wasn't all bombs and blood. The man glanced up from his papers at the sound, a grin pulling his lips across his face. "Uh-oh Sebby", Jim sing-songed to the man standing stiffly in the corner, "looks like Daddy's in the doghouse again."
His fingers are wrapped around Sherlock’s wrist, and he’s staring straight into Sherlock’s eyes while his heartbeat thrums in his ears. Sherlock looks like he’s expecting an answer.
“You’re safe,” he soothes, “We’re only waiting for the lift. We’re not stopping here. There’s nothing for you to fear.” The deep timbre of his voice is the only thing that has any stability. The velvet tones are the ropes that John clings to in the sudden fathomless pit that has become his mind. And as much as he loathes that Sherlock is the one who did this to his psyche, he’s infuriated with
The strange tension that had been between them fled. They stepped out of the car, ready to head to their respective homes.
Thankfully it was too cold for a stable boy to be present. He found his own horse and only fitted it for a bridle before leading it outside. The creature clearly picked up on his distress and the harsh conditions, for it nearly fought him every step of the way. But John was a good rider, and he was desperate to keep it under control. Eventually it broke to his will.
He worries about the padlock. He has his tools with him of course, but they won't do any good against the rusted and possibly disintegrated gears. He grasps it and pulls down to test its durability, and it unlatches easily in his hand. Sherlock nearly crows in delight.
Fear and anger wrack John's body, and Sherlock delights in the sudden stiffness. Sherlock nibbles the top of his spine while playing with his nipple. In Sherlock's findings, with situations like this, the baser instincts always win against the moral protestations. The mind has to respond to
What did it matter anyway? He had nearly confessed his love to a teenager, and then became a coward at the last second, while a seventeen-year-old had done the same thing only a night ago, but with no hesitation. John didn’t have any dignity to lose anymore.
John had been embarrassed about the sheer bulk, initially. But who’s going to come into their room? And John’s dealt with Sherlock’s impatience enough times that he always carries a small packet of lube with him anyway.
“What would you have me do then?” John frustratingly retorted, “Rave about like a madman about my visits from you and the supposed memories that are as lost to me as a sealed chest in quicksand? I’d be lucky if all they did was lock me away like a shameful secret.”
Every one of them was filled with the former spouses of the closest facsimile he had to a family. There were no whispers this time. No chants to taunt him into discovering the truth on his own.
It's still dark, but he can distinguish shapes. Lumps of something in the pitch he can't quite identify. He's still naked, but everything is soft and yielding instead of unrelenting metal. When John breathes in, he gets cool air and fresh linen, not his own musk and sweat. He runs a hand down himself, and finds the waist strap and catheter gone. When he reaches his hands out into the black, he's met with infinite space, not solid wall.
“Oh, let the poor man go Sherlock,” Jim said, coming around the corner. John would have been cross that he’d been eavesdropping on their conversation, but he was on John’s side. Besides, Jim had every right to wander down his own corridors to listen to increasingly louder arguments.
For a while, they talked about nothing while John pretended to do paperwork. Even if the topics were about their favorite music (Sherlock called his taste bland and predictable, while John rebutted that at least people could sing to lyrics) or other subjects that they hated (for Sherlock, it was everything that wasn’t chemistry, for John it was literature) it felt nice to have these easy conversations.
John's rage hasn't dissipated at all. It's grown. His white hot fury has now been forged into cold steel, ready to be used. It's at this moment, when eating salty crisps and taking sips of water in a bleached white uniform, that John realizes what it really means to hate someone. This is why he hasn't heard the Voice, why his hand has not shaken since he's woken up. His enemy was once a nameless and faceless group of people shooting rounds at him and his brothers-in-arms. Now, his enemy has a very distinctive name, the angles of his face are forever burned into his brain, and he has a bloody trenchcoat like any proper super-villain.
John is startled from his thoughts. Sherlock has barely said a word all day, his attention entirely on his phone. John hadn't asked what had kept him so riveted. With Sherlock, ignorance really is a blessing. The last time he'd seen him so zoned out, John had read something about a failed terrorist cell take down in the papers the next week. The issue of talking about Sherlock's work has never been brought up between them, but it is certainly implied that John would much rather be left in the dark. Sherlock's words fully sink in, and John is understandably indignant.
And yet. And yet, as vague as 'monster' is, it's the best explanation Sherlock has so far. He's not sure if he should punch something or whoop in excitement.
John's memorized the number to Holmes' door, and finds it easily. The light is on behind the frosty glass, but John knocks politely anyway. He hears Holmes say, "Enter," and turns the knob.
Immediately, John’s muscles lost all of their tension as if a string had been cut. A high whine left John’s throat that he didn’t even try to stop.
John stops walking and attempts to backpedal, pitiful though it is to try. He shakes his head, murmuring no over and over again. Not this. God, he's not ready. Not that he would be, not that anyone ever is but, Jesus. He thought he would at least go down fighting before something like this happened. Not end up as helpless as a toddler. The drug is apparently lowering his inhibitions too, because he's shaking now. He hates his stupid body almost as much as he hates Sherlock.
John spun around. Sherlock was leaning against the wall like it was the only thing keeping him standing.
They finished the film with only minor grumbling from Sherlock’s side. It seemed all too soon before the night ended, and Mary was in the kitchen cleaning up.
“Ah, I am glad to see that you two are enjoying yourselves!” A voice above John’s head rumbled like it was meant to be shouted over the busy clamor of markets, but had been constrained to indoor volume.
The heat emanating from the dragon’s chest abated. He looked deeply perplexed. It was an odd expression on a dragon.
He hears the click of guns loading and snarls at the line of men, eyes glowing white. They all take a step back from the sight. Their hesitation is enough, and he slithers forward, too quick for them to aim. One by one, he breaks their necks until they fall limp onto the stone.
This time Sherlock places all of his weight on the hand cupping John’s bullet wound to raise himself. The other stays on the bed to be sure he doesn’t slip. This way Sherlock gets to see John’s eyes, unblinking in agony, along with the rigid set of his back.
“I see.” It may have been John’s bias at work, but he was certain that a ghost of a smirk had flitted over Mycroft’s thin lips. “So Sherlock didn’t tell you the circumstances of his relocation?”
Quickly, John strips himself of his shirt, and rips the fabric into strips. He should be doing this farther away from this hell hole, but he doesn't trust taking another step. Tetanus shots only go so far.
For Sherlock, his favorite thing about the box is control over John's time. Perhaps it should be watching John slowly break apart in his prison. Or being able to feed, water, and take care of John however much or little he wishes. But Sherlock has never had the power over someone's measure of minutes. So far, his John has been locked up for a total of thirty hours, just under Sebastian's warned maximum. But Sherlock can't help but edge just a little. He doesn't quite want to let go of this power over John just yet.
John swallows, “You really expect me to eat after a memory like that?” His smile is pulled taut across his face.
They’re just softly pressing their lips together, which is a noticeable difference from the way Sherlock’s kisses usually are. There’s always some level of hardness to them. Sherlock’s kisses are normally hasty, forceful, possessive, and involve some degree of biting. But not this one.
As he waited for the kettle to boil, he tried the thought again. He was in love with Sherlock. It continued to hold strong.
“Fanciful?” John repeated with disbelief, “You think I see these horrific things out of what, boredom? An overactive imagination?”
Jim laughed, “Worry not John, if it wasn’t completely safe, Sherlock wouldn’t permit it within the house let alone allow you to drink it.”
John wiggled out a loose brick from the greenhouse, and flung it at the door. The glass cracked like broken illusions, but didn’t shatter.  He picked it up and hurled it with all of his might. The crack spread to form a spider’s web. This time, when he threw it while thinking of sweet murmurs under bedsheets and promises of never leaving, it fell like a tower constructed out of sand.
Or so he thought. Mycroft found him in the hall as Sherlock made his way to his room. He caught his younger brother by the ear before he even caught sight of him, dragging him along like a child as he went. “Do you honestly think you’ll escape from dinner again, Sherly?”
"I was. That case was simplicity itself. When the crime scene is that flashy, the murderer is usually more than happy to hand themselves in. Or they get caught up in the theatrics and get sloppy covering their tracks." Sherlock sighed, leaning back in his armchair. He picked up his bow and began to leisurely stroke it across a well-used block of rosin. "Either way, I thought it'd be a nice, relaxing way to spend the evening."
In addition to writing shit, I paint shit. I recently got an etsy shop so I can sell some of that shit. It's pretty good shit.
“I’m getting pretty tired of the ‘you mere mortals’ act. I’m sure I’d understand more than you think. I mean, it’s not as if you murdered it.” The vampire looked suddenly sullen. “You didn’t murder it, right?”
“Shut up.” He growled with definitive finality. “You can just shut up right now, because I’m not listening. I’m not selling off you’re clothing. I’m not leaving. And you’re not dying. I’m not going to let you. Do you hear me? I won’t listen to another word of your damn theatrics. So you have two options. Tell me how to help you, or sulk like a fucking child. What will it be?”
“No.” He spat as he wriggled away from Lestrade. Or tried to anyways. “I’ll undress myself. Just- give me a little… privacy.”
"Werewolves." John wondered aloud, between bites of sub-par Chinese food. Due to a sudden decrease in interesting crimes and patients at the local clinic, he couldn't quite afford his usual place. Luckily, he wasn't desperate enough to resort to Angelo's. The food is never bad, but you get sick of pasta and garlic bread very quickly when eating it three times a day.
"He's killed before." The man mentioned casually, just as John spotted an exit sign. John sighed."Or haven't you noticed the human skull displayed so proudly on his mantelpiece?"
"Lestrade, dig through this girl's history. Find out what she had in common with the other victims. Have the victim's laptop, notebooks and journals sent to baker street. Anything she might have written on. Oh, and email me the crime scene photos" Sherlock ordered the detective inspector, sweeping out of the room like a very well choreographed murder of crows leaving a cornfield.
John forced himself not to stare. His gaze flitted over his plate, the plastic flowers at the middle of the table. Finally, he fastened his eyes to Sherlock’s. They were mint green, he noted with some surprise. He could’ve sworn they were grey… or maybe blue? Maybe they’re contacts. It didn’t matter. All that mattered was that they weren’t the murderer currently settling into the booth a few feet away and he definitely shouldn't stare.
Lord knows he didn’t like being the figure of authority in times like these. But John, being a soldier, might find some comfort in following orders. Sherlock fumbled through the drawer of the nightstand conveniently within arm’s reach, pulling out a narrow wooden box and a cheap lighter. With a practiced flick, he lit a stick of incense already set up on the nightstand. Japanese. Wisteria scented. Much too sugary for his tastes, but most humans find it calming.
John huffed, snapping his laptop shut. “There’s just no way I can word it without my therapist sending me to an institution. Wannabee vampire octogenarians holding rituals in the woods? It’s absurd.”
“Alright. Whatever you relationship with your mother is, I don’t care. Just tell me one thing.” John sighed, tossing the letter onto the coffee table and taking a seat in his chair. “Just answer one question for me. What we did yesterday, you drinking from me, that doesn’t mean anything does it? I haven’t accidentally become whatever the vampire equivalent of a fiancé is, have I?”
Sherlock kicked at the pile of wood, blaming it for prematurely waking John. “Trying to make a fire. But apparently I’d have to be fucking faerie!”
Sherlock crawled into bed next to his distressed friend, arm curling around his chest as easily as butter on toast. John thrashed against the restraint. An ankle collided with his bony shin, an elbow poked at his ribcage. Nothing that would leave lasting bruises.
“This the one?” Donovan asked, rather redundantly. “How’d you find him so quickly?” She asked, more indignation than admiration.
"This should cover your unpaid rent. With some extra for... food or whatever.” The vampire spat out the word ‘food’ as if it were some petty adolescent fad as he quickly wrote out a check and folded it into the page he had ripped out of his notepad. He placed it neatly on the middle of the slab and swept out of the room, pulling on his coat and gloves as he went. “I’ll be seeing you.”
Victor had one hell of a sense of humour." John giggled over a painting of Sherlock curled up at the end of an beat up old sofa. Just as he was about to move on to the next one, the doorbell rang. The two exchanged a hopeful glance.
“Good job, Helios. You may not be the fastest in the stable, but you’ve served me well today.” Sherlock cooed over the old beast who seemed to appreciate its little treat greatly. He guided the horse to a nearby tree, tying it securely to the trunk with plenty of leeway for the horse to wander and graze as it desires. Once it seemed content, the adventurer reached back into the saddlebag, fished out a small leather bound book and a pair of gloves and went to work.
"No, it's... fine. Do you know how many times I've drunkenly sobbed about my first girlfriend to whoever happened to be at the bar?" Lestrade shook his head with a morose chuckle. "Yeah, well neither do I."
“No matter, you’ll have to make do as-is.” Mycroft let him go just before reaching the dining room, taking a moment to roughly dust off his shabby, muddied and grass-stained tunic before presenting him to his mother. “Dear lord, my brother’s a pig.”
John smirked as he explored the room and the adjoining bathroom. But it faded quickly from his face “There’s only one bed.”
“What about mine?” John asked after what he thought was a moment's consideration. In truth, he'd been considering it for the past few months. And not just wondering in passing why he hadn’t been eaten alive. He'd been dying to know exactly what that must feel like. How long would it take? How much would he take? Would it be the same as that night after the kidnapping? Or would it be…. More.
"While that's rather... Flattering, I'm afraid it's entirely impossible." Sherlock said cooly, the slightest smirk tugging at his mouth. “I grew up in the victorian era. I was too busy trying not to be arrested for sodomy to knock up prostitutes. Sorry to disappoint.”
His only response was an exasperated eyeroll. “And in the long term, I could offer you a good death.”
John's hope was in vain. After a routine raid of their client/primary suspect, they found a few telling pieces of evidence, each indicating an unhealthy level of obsession with Amelia. After a brief, unofficial interrogation the stepfather admitted that his relationship with Amelia's mother was just an act to get closer to the girl. The authorities were informed and the detective and the doctor walked away not a cent richer than before. Literally, as they hadn't money for cab fare.
Sherlock gave him a sympathetic smile as he shrugged his dressing gown on, catching his arm before he could go to work setting the room back in order. He leaned in close to whisper into his ear. “I’ll see you tonight. For now, I’m hungry.” It was an apology wrapped in an innuendo and topped with a flirt.
“It’s definitely a game, but it’s not mine. Hostage situations. It’s a desperate act, committed by desperate idiots who don’t know what they’re doing. They’re very much like dogs. They bark because they’re scared but they won’t actually bite. They’re not prepared to take a life. It doesn’t matter what demands they make or how little time they say you have, they don’t want to do it. Even if they're psychopaths, they're not going to get rid of their only bargaining chips.” Sherlock reasoned, as though calming a panicked horse. Lestrade nodded, but his expression still burned with doubt. "When an annoying lap dog yaps at your ankles, acting scared only gives it power. The more you panic, the less control you have over the situation. So if you'll excuse me, I need to get dressed."
“There are always other sources of information. I just need to find them.” Sherlock leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes. “This would be so much easier if I had an established homeless network here. I don’t even think the homeless population here is high enough to be of any use.”
“How dare you cross my threshold without permission.” Sherlock growled, flashing just a hint of teeth. He was in no mood to be receiving any visitors, especially not family. Which was why he had taken the precaution of turning off every function phone in the house and hiding John’s between the couch cushions. “I could call Mummy right now and have you beheaded.”
Sherlock watched from the armchair by the window as John writhed in his sleep, brow gleaming with sweat. He muttered and grunted half-words to whatever shades haunted his unconscious mind, lashing out helplessly against the thick darkness. Sherlock knew the ‘proper’ thing to do would be to look away, pretend not to notice and let John work out his own demons. It should be an easy choice. He’d been making it since John moved in. The choice to keep quiet, preserve the man’s dignity but nudge him in the right direction from the shadows.
Mrs. Hudson came in with a platter of breakfast foods nearly as big as she was. "Good morning, John. And Sherlock! Oh, I do hope your case went well. That was a long one, wasn't it? From the way you looked yesterday, I was sure you wouldn't be up and about until next week. I had a boyfri-"
"Why." John took a step closer. "Do you." He took another. "Care." He came close enough to see the dignified, floral pattern of the man's brocaded waistcoat. Close enough to give him a clean punch to the nose, should the occasion arise. He came no closer. He smiled a mad, dangerous grin. "What could you possibly have to gain by... this."
It was a well-known fact that no one liked Sherlock Holmes. It one of the first things anyone was told upon visiting the small but regal manor. Surely, within ten minutes of stepping across the threshold, anyone could expect to hear the following at least twice. “Greetings and welcome to Holmes Manor. I do trust you’ll enjoy your stay, but please be wary of a little lordling by the name of Sherlock. No one likes him.”
The teapot whistled. John made a start towards it, but Lestrade seemed more than happy to take his place.
After discovering that no one at Holmes manor cared enough about his presence to notice his absence, he made a point of being absent as often as possible. He visited the forest more and more as time went by. At first, he only went for a few hours every week. Then, he’d be gone for whole days. Until he spent more of his days in the forest than at home. Until he only rode home when John physically forced him out of the forest when the sun set, and forbade him to ride back after the sun rose. The forest began to feel more like home than the dreary old house that bore his name.
John groaned and swung open the door, ‘accidentally’ hitting Sherlock in the nose in the meantime. “I was brushing my teeth, you arse.”
“I don’t make toast.” He said sternly, taking a seat at the side of the table adjacent to John, rather than across from him. “There was an incident.”
“Visiting her sister.” John replied. “Why can’t you just feed off Lestrade? You’ve done it a hundred times before.”
He walked around the stone to get a better view of the various spots and pools of drying blood while Sherlock studied it in his own way.
Sherlock smiled wistfully, as though such a thing was just too good to be true. “Too soon to say. But we’ll have to be careful. Act as if we’ve given up on investigation and are just… having a bit of a holiday before we have to go back. This case will be much more slow-burning than most of the ones in london. Just keep your ears open, your head down and take note of everything. We’ll have to unravel this mystery thread by thread.”
Hey guys! Sorry for all the shifting around and stuff. I promise I'm just about done with all of that.
“Because, if you comply, you’ll find the rewards rather... generous.” The smile was back. John was suspicious that this ‘reward’ would end up being something like ‘the continued use of all your limbs’. “And if you don’t, I’m sure you’ll come to regret the consequences.”
"The parents." Sherlock played the latest video over again. Watching intently as a voice off screen spoke of how well-mannered the obviously terrified children were. "How much trouble will they be?"
“It doesn’t smell that bad.” John protested as Sherlock snatched the bowl off the table and hurled its contents out a window. “Actually, it was quite nice.”
“Sherlock is in danger.” Mycroft finally announced, making a swift and precise slice through all the usual bullshit. “More danger, that is. Sherlock’s chosen lifestyle puts him at considerable risk, but the danger of which I speak is entirely separate and infinitely more dire. The part I played on the night we met was not me, but it was not entirely made up either. This city is infested with vampire hunters. It always has been. The common hunter chooses to go after the lesser houses and the poor souls that live in exile than risk the vengeance of the elders. Several have made an attempt at capturing Sherlock, but there is one that I fear might just succeed.”
“You could have asked me. Before then.” John pointed out, making an effort not to mention the particular events of yesterday.
Sherlock didn’t even stir. He hadn’t budged since their last bout of feeding roughly… two hours ago. He was sleeping the sleep even the dead only dreamed of sleeping. Every once and awhile, his nose would twitch against his neck. But otherwise, he might as well have been made of wood. Wood that hummed.
"Yeah, I can see that now," John whispered back. His paranoia that his flatmate might sneak into his room and suck him dry in his sleep disappeared. And it had little to do with Sherlock's dental arrangements. "Thank you Mrs. H. You really didn't have to."
as the subject of an art piece?" Lestrade considered the question. "...Maybe she was an easy target."
“There was a recent poisoning scare at Holmes Manor. It turned out to be just badly preserved meat, but everyone’s been on high guard since. My brother’s hired ten new taste-testers and they’re all dreadful company. So, I figured if I could understand all the most common and deadliest poisons, I might be able to find cures to their effects, negating the need for people to hover over us every time we eat.” Sherlock explained, a little surprised that he was able to make it through to the end without interruption. Usually, there’d be some interjection of ‘but that’s insane’ or ‘what does that mean?’ or ‘Apologies. My brother still doesn’t quite understand that corpses have no place in polite conversation’. While this new development was fascinating and more than a little thrilling, he wasn’t really sure what to do now. The golden man just stood there, looking thunderstruck. “Honestly, Anderson’s getting to be such a bore that if I can’t find effective antidotes I might just purposefully poison my wine. Anything to get him to stop him talking-“
The young noble hesitated briefly as he passed the invisible threshold. Not out of fear or apprehension, though. He only considered what a shame it was that the hoof prints of his horse should mar the perfect carpet of lush grass that lined the path. Sherlock brushed the thought off as quickly as it occurred to him. Grass grows quickly and it’s hardly rare. He spurred his horse on to a light gallop, eager to see what his father and brother have been warning him about since he learned to speak.
“Too much pain, not enough morphine.” He grunted, sinking deeper into the sofa. One of his hands reached up and clutched at the armrest he was using as a pillow, the muscles in his arm twitching worryingly.
Sherlock stared, a little dazed by the comment and the ringing pain in his nose, but he caught on the meaning quickly enough and darted into the bathroom like a cat running up a tree.
"I can't hear a thing." Lestrade grumbled from the driver's seat as they pulled into the scotland yard parking garage. "Maybe it's the a/c running or something."
“I’m not a magician, John. No matter how often you insist so on your blog.” Sherlock sighed, pouting to himself. “Women have never been my area of expertise.”
“Oh, so you are sensitive to the sun. Do you turn to ash, or just get red and itchy like the rest of us?” John asked with one eye on the vampire’s efforts to put his face back on and the other on his eggs.
They made it to their room without complication, opening the door to find an awfully cute room. There were thick quilts laid over the bed, hand-made embroidery samplers displayed on the walls and quite an alarming amount of floral imagery.
"Hands," John muttered, taking a deep breath to steady himself. "There are hands in the fridge," He announced to the vampire at the breakfast table.
"In a way." Sherlock responded, softly vibrating with pleasure. "My saliva contains several painkilling agents. It's sure to keep you... comfortable for the hour or so."
Lestrade shook his head like he was afraid his head might fall off. “I don’t blame her. I might as well have been cheating on her for all these years, what with all of the secrets I've been keeping from her. And Sherlock, god. We're not... like that. But I’ve put more effort into caring for that needy bastard than my own daughter.” There was a pause
Ok, this chapter took like three rewrites and I'm still not happy with it, but it's done and that counts for... something. I guess.
He reached over to the lamp on the nightstand, switching it to the lowest setting. “Come, sit.” Sherlock gestured to the raised end of the couch.
“Can you tell me what’s causing the pain?” John spelled out carefully. His relief at getting Sherlock to his usual state fading by the second. “Or the location of the pain?”
That was a lot of information to take in while inebriated, so John didn’t mostly. He just let it glide gently over his head as Sherlock licked at the drained wounds on his shoulder. “Still hungry?”
They sat in companionable silence as they cruised through the picturesque countryside. John slowed from its previous high-pitched buzz as he watched the sheep wander over the lush green hills. Sherlock was right. It was going to be a very bright and sunny day. He could feel Sherlock getting more and more bored with every mile.
“Oh calm down, I nicked it off Mycroft last time he visited.” Sherlock barked, cutting John off as he attempted to stuff the wad into his coat pocket. “I was going to wait awhile longer, hoping that would make a random visit here a little less suspicious. But he probably already knows anyways, so what would the point be?”
"Yeah so?" Sherlock answered only with a pointed silence. John got it. "The best friend called him her mother's boyfriend."
“If you like. Money, lodging, food, medical and dental care, if you prove to be a valuable asset to me, I can give you anything you need to sustain your life.”
Sherlock stayed silent until commercial break. "No. Well... not the way you're thinking. There is Lycanthropy. But it's just a hormonal disorder that causes rampant hair and nail growth, bone deformity and jaw malformation. Sufferers are sometimes incapable of forming words or walking on two legs. There have been reports of mood swings as well, but that could very well just be a product of the constant pain and being called 'werewolf' all the time." He said, leaning back in his chair as the t.v. cycled through it's commercials.
"Don't mind him. He can be as skittish as a cat, but he'll warm up to you." Mrs. Hudson reassured him from the sofa, with a nostalgic smile lazily resting on the rim of her favorite teacup. "I remember when he first moved in. He wouldn't unpack his bags for a month because he was convinced I'd change my mind."
“I’m not giving you morphine, Sherlock.” John rolled his eyes, secretly pleased to have the old Sherlock back.
“Not all night. Just the past hour.” The vampire replied, casually checking the time on his phone. “To be fair, I wasn’t really watching you. Of all the sights in this room, you simply happen to be the least offensive to the eye.”
"I don't produce body heat." Sherlock answered briefly, clinically, flipping his collar over his scarf.
“No.” The golden man said seriously, his features solidifying into something hard and immovable. “You can’t be here after dark. Go, now.”
Still taking suggestions/ opinions about possible alternate titles. Is it a good idea or is symbiosis just too perfect? Should I go back in time, post this before that other fic and sue them?
“More or less.” The vampire said enigmatically. “You still thought he was going to kidnap me even after you knew he was my brother.” He stated, with an amused sort of confusion.
“There was a maid that was away from work today. Ms. Marie Turner. No one knew where she was. She wasn’t responding to any calls from her co-workers, nor was she at home. I did some digging and it turns out she owns this conveniently large property with the intention of fixing it up and selling it. I decided to check it out and, would you believe it, I found a pair of kidnapped children.” Behind Sherlock the small family clung to each other, crying tears of relief. “Their father followed me, unfortunately.”
