Still in a huff, he trudges alongside the road, his coat collar turned up against the freezing wind, until, finally, a cab pulls over for him.
“Oh, come on, don’t act like you didn’t get them,” John said, cramming his phone back into his pocket and retreating to a safe position several feet away from Sherlock. “You declined my call, so I know you had your phone on you.”
Sherlock’s smile was softer than John had ever seen before. “You’ve let go. I could feel it. You’re always so incredibly controlled, even now that we’re together. But you let down your guard, you finally let your restraints go and embraced yourself fully, the way I do. And I’m incredibly thankful and honoured to have been part of this. And I can’t wait to marry you.”
“The way you—with the people—,” Sherlock panted, the metallic taste of utter exhaustion on his tongue. “That was— You are—” The rest of the sentence got stuck somewhere in his aching lungs as John turned around.
He slams the door behind her with a dramatic swish of his dressing gown and stomps over to where the golden light of the early evening sun floods through the window.
“I just don’t like the thought of him running around London without help. You know how he gets…,” he adds in what he feels is his last attempt at making Mary see how impossible the idea of Sherlock Holmes without John Watson is.
“It’s all laid-back. No dress code, no fancy drinks, only nibbles; like the good old days at uni, you know,” Greg said and patted Sherlock’s shoulder before heading back to the door to greet some more guests.
“There is a good chance my mental capacities are hereditary. Look at Mycroft and Eurus. What if a child I father would be… just like me?”
“Not great at keeping secrets?” John bristled, turning to Sherlock. “I’ve kept a bloody huge one for thirty years, thank you very much. I thought we’ve had that discussion after you came back. Well, nice to know you’re still convinced that I can’t—”
John opened his eyes. The pale light of breaking dawn shone through the windows and illuminated the hospital room. He must’ve fallen asleep for a while.
It had seemed paramount to put in some security measures against the memories, the tiniest of walls to keep out the nauseating feeling of loss.
45 minutes into the conversation, Greg joined them with Molly in tow. Among those familiar faces, Sherlock began to relax a little. Then again, it might have been the vodka. His second cup of John’s mixture was already half-empty and a cosy warmth saturated his insides.
Even now, both finally fully dressed, the endorphins were almost too much to bear. Anticipation sizzled in his veins as if his blood had been carbonated. He could not help but bounce a little on his toes.
He caught Sherlock’s plush lips in a hard kiss, hand finding its way into dark curls, tongue demanding entrance. All mocking aside, John thought, having hours and days between cases to just do
had he risked everything he currently had with John? Surely, he could somehow have talked himself out of this situation. After all, he was Sherlock
“Sherlock, what are you doing here?” Molly asked, eyes clouded with sleep. Her mussed hair lay on her shoulder in a loose braid and her arms tightly wrapped a dressing gown around her figure, the thin fabric with little ladybirds on it a futile barrier against the freezing cold leaking in.
John is standing there with his hands stuffed into his jacket pockets, waiting for Sherlock to get closer. When they are only a few feet apart, he nods his head slightly and gives Sherlock a sheepish smile. “Hi.”
This. Is. It. The last chapter. I can't believe that I wrote more than 65.000 words in only a few months. Thank you all for sticking with me throughout this journey. Enjoy the finale :)
“I was in the military, guys. We got terribly bored between missions,” John said confidently and shrugged with a grin.
“We’re still waiting on the toxicological report and the sweeping of the scene. I wanted to head back over now if you care to take a look? Molly said she’d call as soon as she finds anything interesting. Maybe someone knew about poor Jason’s condition and used it to mask his murder,” Greg mused and grabbed his jacket, missing the eye roll Sherlock couldn’t suppress.
I couldn't get myself to upload this chapter without the next one to ease your pain a little--because the next few words are gonna be brutal (at least they were for me while writing them). So, get ready and power through!
“It’s fine. Suits you.” Sherlock grabbed John’s hand a little tighter. “I’m sorry for scaring you. I just wanted to surprise you with breakfast, as a thank-you for last night.”
He turns the corner into the entrance hall, bumping into a woman. Ignoring her angry “Excuse you!”, he rushes past her and out into the winter air.
“No,” she protested, fear rising in her eyes, along with tears. “No, please. I don’t want to go back there. He said I never have to go back. He said we’d go away together.”
“This was nice, wasn’t it?” John said as he carried the dirty glasses to the sink. Despite Mrs. Hudson’s affirmation, their guests had stayed for several hours, engaging in pleasant conversation, eating cake and coaxing the story of their reconciliation out of John and Sherlock. It was already dark out when Molly and Greg finally packed Rosie’s stuff up and left together with Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson, the latter shaking with insuppressible giggles.
He favours darkness, brooding clouds, and shadows coming to life. As do the criminals that make his occupation worthwhile.
His insults are locked and loaded but as soon as he returns to the sitting room and finds John in the red armchair all words seem to vanish from his brain. He proffers John his cup of tea and retreats to his own seat in front of the fireplace.
A warm hand was placed on his shoulder, squeezing lightly, giving all the reassurance Sherlock needed.
Gradually, everyone became giddy and frolic, discussing their revelations—all except for Sherlock who hadn’t taken a sip since the very first statement. He had never done anything that even remotely resembled sexual contact except those awkward kisses with Janine and, in hindsight, those had been a terrible waste. It couldn’t take the others much longer to notice how little he could participate in this.
Does that make her sympathetic silence better or worse? Is it just polite of her not to point out his misjudgement or is it so painfully obvious that he’s hurting that it renders words completely superfluous?
He swerves to the kitchen and prepares himself a cuppa. The soothing scent of the hot liquid fills the small space and wafts after John as he carries his mug back to the sofa. For a few slow seconds, he just breathes in the vapours and puts his thoughts in order.
“That’s because I’m busy. Urgent cases to solve,” Sherlock lies, carefully layering his voice with impatience. If he just can get rid of John before all dams break…
Lestrade let out a sigh, hands running through his salt-and-pepper hair. With his foot he pushed the second chair in Sherlock’s direction, metal legs scratching over the floor. At the sight, Sherlock’s restless feet refused to carry him any longer and he collapsed onto the cold seat.
“The watching’s fine. Great, really,” he finally rasped out. “I just don’t… usually…” He cocked his head suggestively, conveying the last part of the sentence.
“You told him that you love him?” she and Greg exclaimed in perfect unison, both completely flabbergasted.
“Care to let us join you in your funny little head, Sherlock?” Greg chimed in, shoving his hands deeper into his pockets.
“By the way, I’m still not gay, Mrs. Hudson. I’m bisexual,” John objected. Technically, he had never lied to anyone.
“Why did you drink beer on the stag night then if you can’t stand it?” Greg asks as Sherlock glides back onto the seat with a colourful cocktail in his hand and a satisfied smile on his lips.
“Oh, it’s alright as long as I’ve got little Rosie here,” John replied and gave his daughter a kiss. Using her like this was wrong, he knew, but the opportunity was just too good to miss. He hadn’t flirted with anyone in ages. The fact hadn’t bothered him in the slightest but, now, old patterns were woven back into the silk he poured from his lips, like second nature.
John opens his mouth after a few tense seconds but now the emergency protocol in Sherlock’s brain finally gains traction. “Listen, John,” he says, before John can form words, “I didn’t mean for you to see it, not like this. I don’t know what Lestrade was thinking but I can assure you I had nothing to do with it. He was absolutely right when he told me not to do it. I would never want to get between you and Mary.”
Sherlock leaned his forehead against John’s and let out a relieved little laugh. “I love you so, so much. Both of you.”
Cal hadn’t hurt Jason after all. He had just tried to protect his sister and manoeuvred himself into the shallows. He was only a kid in a hopeless situation. As soon as he’d hear that Laney was safe, he would not resist his arrest. Sherlock and John would make sure that Lestrade and his officers would do everything in their power to spare him a conviction. They would testify on his behalf if necessary. Everything would be alright, Sherlock was convinced.
Sherlock picks up another praline, one of those with a salted honey caramel filling, and feels the aching behind his sternum subdue a little as the flavour blossoms in his mouth.
“Once. When I did my master’s. I ran into him on campus. He didn’t even recognize me. I had been clean for three years but that day…” Sherlock lowered his head again, his stumbling breaths ghosting over John’s neck.
His mind was in high gear, acting out every single one of John’s possible reactions to his proposition. With every passing second, Sherlock felt more stupid to have sent the text at all. Why, God,
Sherlock has always had a sweet tooth, resorting preferably to sugary treats whenever he is absolutely forced to eat. If it were socially acceptable he’d have his coffee with five or six sugar lumps but he’s learned quite early that two is the maximum people won’t frown at. Being frowned at is not something Sherlock usually concerns himself with but on some occasions it’s better to keep up the appearance of a proper English gentleman instead of looking like a child set loose in a sweet shop.
At his words, heartfelt and brimming with love, John felt his own eyes water. Taking Sherlock’s face into his hands, he captured his lips in a long, tender kiss, trying to pour all of his own love and elation and sheer gratefulness into Sherlock’s mouth. As they parted again and looked at each other, both their cheeks still flushed from sex and now wetted with tears, silent, intimate laughter bloomed between them, acoustic manifestation of the joy overflowing.
“Just his flatmate. And his blogger,” said John, determined to get back at Lestrade the next time he saw him.
Sherlock looks genuinely offended. However, his stare forfeits some of its fierceness due to the colourful cocktail umbrella tickling his nose as he drinks. “Which parts?”
“John, we don’t have to pay. And if we did, I thought you wanted to treat me to dinner?” Sherlock mocked but still pulled his wallet out of his coat pocket. John took it and swiftly rummaged through its folds until he found what he was looking for: the note. Even with his poor deduction skills, he perceived how often it had been unfolded. Sherlock must have read this at least a dozen times. The sight stung with fresh guilt but John fought it down.
He throws another glance over John’s shoulder and steps closer. “Look,” he says, his voice low and conspiratorial, “do you remember what we talked about at the wedding? About you choosing, or really not choosing Mary.”
It’s refreshing to see Sherlock care so much, to see him try so hard to measure up to the responsibility he’s been entrusted with, to see him make an effort to live up to John’s high opinion of him.
Sherlock is alarmed. He has never seen John cry like this before, not trying to quell the tears, not trying to be brave and fight through it. He looks small and forlorn as his weeping fills the flat. And Sherlock has never loved him more.
Until Cal raised his gaze and met his. Eyes like glimmering bits of coal stared at him, full of fear, of desperation, of anger, of determination, of –
The pain, carefully kept at bay, hits him with full force. Sherlock’s stomach turns and he desperately wishes he hadn’t indulged on Mrs Hudson’s lasagne.
“I’m so grateful for everything you’ve done for me, I really am; for giving me Rosie, for finding me in my darkest hour and bringing a little light and normality and security into my life again. But if you knew me as well as I suspect you did, then you know that I never belonged to you, not really. You have seen it, the truth that I took so long to accept. And I really hope you know that it doesn’t invalidate anything that was between us. I loved you, God knows I did, just not with all the love I am capable of. And you loved me, I know you did. Although I didn’t deserve it. I’ve never been completely honest with you, didn’t show you all of me. If you can see me now: This is who I am. I want Rosie to grow up with my real self. I want the people I love to see me like this. So, take a good look, wherever you are now. And tell me, you’ll forgive me. Give me your blessing to move on.”
In some distant, forgotten corner of his being, he noticed tears swelling, mixing with the snowflakes in his lashes. Involuntarily, he let a little sob escape his throat. At the sound, he felt John withdraw, leaving his lips agonizingly vacant as they parted. All his nervous, deafening thoughts came flooding back into his head as if John had broken a damn by interrupting their contact. This was worse than all the cold turkeys Sherlock had endured combined.
With sudden mortification, he realises that he hasn’t thought any further than this. He’s put the alarm system in place but there’s no further plan of action.
John positioned himself between his legs and closed his lips around Sherlock’s pulsating cock, applying the slightest bit of suction. The world dwindled to the animalistic sounds escaping Sherlock’s chest as he began to move. It was new. It was different. It was fulfillment.
His headache has finally given up and made room for a nagging, ever-present hum. He tries not to listen too closely and heaves himself out of bed.
He mounts the last few steps, stopping on the landing to listen to Sherlock, the words now easily distinguishable:
Shopping was even more of a nuisance than usual; firstly, because he had quite a few stops to make, especially for Sherlock’s birthday, secondly, because there was a gorgeous detective waiting at home, miraculously yearning for him. It took all of John’s remarkable self-control to not abandon his task and run back to Baker Street. But he had to finish this first—and do it right and diligently.
John can’t take his eyes off of Sherlock’s long, slender fingers as they move over the strings, plucking and stroking so tenderly. His heart is beating heavily, in the rhythm to the song.
“I’m just trying to do my part,” Sherlock said humbly, lowering his eyes. Today they matched the colour of the sky in an almost mythical manner. Or maybe it was rather the sky that tried to imitate those otherworldly irises, John contemplated.
“Oh.” Sherlock’s eyes widened the slightest bit before his face found a neutral expression again. John kept caressing his fingers to keep him calm just as much as himself. “You never told me about them.”
“I know that all of this—,” John began, moving impossibly closer, “this vulnerability, this intimacy—can’t be easy for you, letting down your guard like this. After all that’s happened between us and the things I’ve done, your past with Alex and everything, you are still willing to let go of your fears, to open up to me, to let me try and love you. And I think that’s remarkably… brave.”
“You can’t imagine how much I wished that what you had seen wasn’t the truth. God knows, I told myself it wasn’t, for years and years. I tried everything to make up for that defect you saw in me, the same mar you disowned your daughter for. I tried so hard; in school, in sports, in college, all my life, just to make sure that you and Mom could be proud. You had cast Harry out and I had to be the perfect son if I didn’t want to end like her.”
Sherlock waits, unable to speak or move, his eyes fixed on John. His heart is beating heavily in his throat, a second away from leaping out of him.
John is right. Sherlock has no doubt about it at this point. It has taken him long enough to realise and longer still to accept it but, with all the data at hand, there is no longer room for any other conclusion.
With a sudden realization that moulded his lips into a perfect circle, Sherlock remembered that both of them had affirmed the fantasizing-about-someone-in-the-room-statement, too. Regarding Molly, that hadn’t surprised him—everyone knew how obsessed she was with Sherlock—but, now, he suspected that he had missed something significant there.
She hasn’t left him out of her sight for the better part of three weeks now, bringing him tea and biscuits (
“A favour?” she asks, her worry apparently dissolving back into annoyance. “Couldn’t that’ve waited for another hour?” She doesn’t even try to stifle the following yawn.
“Right, I’m sorry,” John said seriously with a gentle stroke across Sherlock’s shoulder. “I haven’t even apologized for the whole thing at the park yet. I was such an idiot. I just panicked when you started talking about me quitting my job and you just looked so adorable in the snow and I guess I tried to convince myself that I didn’t feel attracted to you by hitting on anyone else really. That must’ve been horrible for you. Only when we got home and you didn’t talk to me anymore, I realized what a dick move that was.”
Sherlock lets himself be pushed onto his bed, his fingertips already burning at the loss of contact.
“We are not a couple, Sherlock!” John roared, raising his fists and eyes to the ceiling as if he was trying to convince a stubborn God or the universe itself of his heterosexuality.
Every night from then on, they closed the distance a little further, one inch, one bit of skin at a time. Sherlock’s fingers crept up John’s arm, barely moving a millimeter per minute, found their way around his waist the next night, onto his back, until the two of them were finally tightly aligned in an unfamiliar hug. They no longer left before dawn now but untangled their bodies with the first rays of early morning light breaking through the curtains, still not a word about last night leaving their lips.
John pauses. The words of the letter flicker before his eyes, seem to shake in the warm light of the sitting room until John realises it’s his hands that are trembling.
“That is not dancing,” Sherlock disagreed, rather to fulfil John’s expectations than actively disliking the idea.
“Oh, Sherlock,” Molly sighed and covered her mouth with one hand. The tiny ladybirds on her dressing gown seemed to scuttle away from Sherlock in disgust. He couldn’t blame them.
Not that Greg has had any part in the festivities. If he’s honest, he’s still a bit miffed about the whole thing. He was supposed to join them at the last bar on their route later that night but the two lightweights ended up in a jail cell before he had even finished his shift.
John settles in next to him, leaves space for Sherlock to explore, lets him lick and brush and nuzzle his way.
“You have to take me upstairs,” Sherlock repeats in a petulant tone that would’ve put any four-year-old to shame. “You got me drunk and now you have to take me upstairs.”
Greg downs his first pint in big gulps. Seconds later, he can already feel his muscles gradually ease out of their rigid state. The buzzing of his nerves quietens a little against the background of the grainy football game flickering over the ancient telly above the bar.
Sherlock shook his head, reluctantly meeting John’s incredulous eyes and preparing himself for the inevitable rejection or mockery that had to follow such a confession. A grown man who didn’t masturbate, who didn’t even know how to please himself, let alone someone else? How would anyone want to be with someone as inexperienced as this?
He pauses for a second, eyeing Sherlock with a fist of pity twisting his guts. “Will you be alright? I can stay if you want.”
Neither one daring to move a finger, John and Sherlock watched the intruder squat down only a couple of meters away, his back turned towards them, and rummage around in his pockets. Every few seconds, he nervously looked over his shoulder. Sherlock crouched deeper into the shadows, weighing his options.
“What?” Sherlock asked, flustered. Him playing games with people apart from Mycroft usually resulted in catastrophes.
But now that he knows John had planned on telling him about his feelings—rather than just letting the kiss speak for itself—Sherlock can’t help but wonder.
Sherlock now followed a new approach altogether: He tried to reciprocate these acts of kindness up to his own capability—which didn’t allow for much, really. Pleasing people was not Sherlock’s strong suit; that had been made clear throughout his entire life. Yet, there had to be ways for him to show John how much he loved having him around again but, as always, Sherlock couldn’t quite figure out what made John Watson tick.
“Sorry again that it’s gotten so late. Work was hell today,” said John and made two cups of tea with such experienced movements that he didn’t have to pay any attention to it.
The chances for this speech to meet the standards of what other people consider normal were small, to begin with; But the more Greg listens to Sherlock’s propositions the more concerned he becomes.
“And then what?” Sherlock hissed, the accusations stinging in his chest. “You let your clearance rate drop to the floor? You need me.”
That can’t be right. As far as he remembers, the Beast sings this song about Belle. Why would he use male pronouns? Or has he misheard?
“You really are insatiable, aren’t you?” John chuckled, raising his head to face the taller man again.
Had Sherlock woken up in the middle of the night, filled with new nightmares starring a savage John taking advantage of him, stalking him like prey until Sherlock had no choice but to succumb? Or had he beheld John in the harsh, revealing daylight, his body aging, his wrinkles a little deeper, his hair a little greyer, and been disgusted by the first man he had allowed access to the sanctum of his body? Did he regret taking this step, now that the effects of the wine had worn off?
At first, the screen is completely obscured by what looks like dark red and grey fabric, motioning in front of the lens. A faint rustling and clicking is heard as something brushes over the microphone. Greg watches as a figure moves away from the camera, having turned on the recording, and settles on the same sofa he is occupying right now. The distinctive wallpaper and the smiley in the upper left corner leave no doubt.
“I’ll have a quick wash if you don’t mind,” John said finally, ungluing his hand from Sherlock’s thigh once more.
Rosie’s little hands fisted in his shirt and John turned his head to place gentle kisses on her forehead until her cries slowly ebbed away.
Sherlock spent the following night at the hospital’s lab, trying to identify the poison that he was sure had killed Ethan but couldn’t find anything. As he picked up John from the hotel the next morning, Sherlock resembled a dead body himself. John had carefully watched out for any signs of fatigue in his friend over the past few weeks. He didn’t want to miss Sherlock’s distress again as he had with his nightmares. Now that Sherlock hadn’t slept two nights in a row, John was tempted to order him to rest but he knew that it was no use as long as the case wasn’t closed. Besides, he was still disgruntled because of Sherlock’s recklessness and not in the mood to force some self-care on the detective.
Sherlock’s head jerked back as if John had just slapped him across the face. He turned back around and looked at the older man, aware that every inch of his body was now radiating the hurt and heartbreak this last blow had caused him. John’s eyes met his with stony inexpressiveness. This was it. Without another word, Sherlock grabbed his coat from the hook and left the flat.
John placed his hand on Sherlock’s thigh in a tender motion, lingering. Every touch from his friend still set Sherlock’s nerves on fire, but over the past months he had become accustomed enough to it to prevent his muscles from twitching or tensing under John’s fingers—a reaction John seemed to interpret as disapproval every single time, leading him to end the contact immediately. If he only knew how much Sherlock craved these innocent brushes and squeezes and pats. Yes, if he only knew.
His voice was barely more than a deadly whisper but the cashier stared at him as if he had shouted. The look on her face—shock, confusion, defiance—made Sherlock’s synapses sizzle like high-voltage lines, sending white-hot sparks to his eyes and overriding his self-control mechanisms. How did this horrible woman dare to even look at his John with anything other than utter admiration?
It is also one where listening to the song provided is firmly recommended (if you're not into electro at all, just skip it. The lyrics are included and really say everything you need to know).
“I know this sucks, mate. But you’ll get over it eventually. Getting your heart broken is a fundamental human experience. Happens to all of us. Even to those who are as far from being human as you. You’ll make it through, I promise. And I’m here for you if you need to talk. Just don’t sabotage the wedding, alright? For John.”
He’s missed the bust of the Waters family for this utter shite. 18 months—18 months of overtime on bad coffee—he’s invested in the investigation, and in the final hour of triumph… Donovan is right; Now, to make matters worse, Paul Jones will get all the credit, that pompous, incompetent arsehole.
It took all of John’s self-control to let go of Sherlock and unlock the door. They both tiptoed up the stairs and expertly jumped the creaking fifth step to avoid any noises. Accidentally summoning Mrs. Hudson wasn’t a pleasant prospect—too many nosy questions, too many minutes wasted talking. Although their movements were exceptionally sneaky, it was a wonder that she didn’t hear the deafening thumping of John’s heartbeat, he pondered. He was convinced the whole house was shaking with the intensity of it but probably it was rather his hand trembling than the bannister beneath it. John forced himself to draw deep steady breaths, stretching his treacherous fingers that already missed the feeling of silky curls and candent skin. The taste of Sherlock still lingered on his tongue, celestial and sweet as nectar, making every inch of his body scream for more, more,
Morning arrives and brings gifts of fresh, mellow air and blinding sunlight. Greg feels the slightest headache creep up his temples though he can’t quite tell if the alcohol or the unwarranted revelations about his friend are to blame.
The air in the flat seems mellower and warmer all of a sudden, as if one of the soft summer night breezes has snuck inside and brought the scent of oleander and lilies with it.
“Noooo,” Sherlock whined and buried his head in John’s lap. Drawing in a sharp breath, John quickly fought down the beast in his groin that raised its head curiously at the close proximity of Sherlock’s face. That had to wait.
The woman’s mouth stood agape, giving her the look of a carp in an existential crisis. Sherlock felt a grim sense of satisfaction rush through him and took a deep breath, readying himself to fire another round of words sharp enough to sever limbs. A warm hand on his forearm stopped him.
“It’s alright, bumblebee,” John mumbled into her silky blonde hair and soaked in his daughter’s comforting smell, but half an hour passed and Rosie still wailed on. “It’s alright, daddy’s here.”
“Well…,” Sherlock initiated his explanation until their words fully penetrated his consciousness. “Wait, you
Rosie is rolling around in her crib, crying at the top of her lungs, as John enters the nursery. He reaches down and hoists her into his arms, his fatherly instincts overriding the torrent of thoughts rushing through his head. Rosie bawls into his ear and John gently bounces and swings her, hastily going through his mental checklist.
“I love you. More than anyone has ever loved anyone else,” Sherlock replies and he’s never meant anything more in his entire life.
. I expected that, after her, your standards would be raised but, apparently, you haven’t changed a bit.”
Next to Greg, Molly and Mrs. Hudson both snivel into their handkerchiefs as John gets up and embraces Sherlock in a clumsy hug.
?” Familiar anger sizzled through John’s veins now and he withdrew his hand. Images of Sherlock’s soaked figure being dragged out of the river rose in his head. How could he even think about doing something like this to him?
Sherlock diligently studies the chips before picking one up. “I’d rather not,” he says and begins to munch on the fried food.
“Of course, there was.” Sherlock got out of the make-shift tent and eyed the surrounding garden. His explanations left his lips almost involuntarily as he made his way back to the front of the house, knowing very well that John and Greg would follow him. “His missing shoes. I don’t think they are actually missing. Yes, I bet if we look for them in the house we’ll find them. Jason just didn’t put them on. He followed the suspect out into the garden in a hurry, hence bare feet. It was so important to him that he didn’t bother putting on his shoes although it was freezing out. The other person obviously wanted to get away as fast as possible, so he had to react just as quickly. And since the suspect wasn’t exactly considerate enough of Jason’s lack in footwear to return to the house or at least the terrace in spite of the emotional connection we’ve already established, I’d say it had to be quite the heated argument.”
Instead, the consulting detective was solely struggling with his sheets which had slipped down to his waist. He was obviously still fast asleep but facing unspeakable horrors in his dreams. Dark stains of sweat bloomed on his shirt and his breathing was erratic and accelerated as he lashed out furiously. A desperate sound like a howl from a hurt wild animal rose from his mouth: “
“What did you do?” John finished his question, his voice barely audible above the drumming of his heartbeat that had been startled into a hard, anxious rhythm.
That John was the one driving them back from Norfolk was nothing short of extraordinary. But the last two days had been nothing if not extraordinary.
Hope you liked it! :) As always: Concrit is welcomed and, of course, comments and kudos are, too! <3
It will be a beautiful day tomorrow, Greg supposes. A storybook wedding, with clear skies and golden sunshine illuminating the blushing bride.
Decorating the tree was a lot more fun. The whole evening was spent in the warm glow of fairy lights, reflected by the growing number of golden and ruby ornaments spread over dark green needles. Rosie sat in her highchair, gnawing on her teething ring, and watched them carefully as they put the shiny balls up; John at the bottom half while Sherlock used his longer arms to reach the top branches. This distribution had not been agreed upon initially and the fact that John’s jumper always slid up to reveal a delicious piece of lightly tanned skin was almost enough to make Sherlock want to swap tasks. On the other hand, making fun of John for not being able to reach the top of the tree, no matter how much he stretched, was pretty entertaining, as well, and a lot less dangerous.
Giving his lungs time to recover, John shifted his focus to Sherlock’s chin and neck, trailing hot open-mouthed kisses down to his collarbone. Long, slender fingers fisted in the fabric of John’s button-down in a desperate attempt to pull him closer. Sherlock’s head fell back, exposing even more creamy white flesh for John to attend to, and small sounds escaped his chest again, somewhere between a sob, a moan, and a gasp. At the noise, John’s already rock-hard cock, pressing against Sherlock’s arse, gave an almost painful twitch, rebelling against the layers of fabric constricting it, a wild famished animal rattling at its cage. With a groan in response, John sank his teeth into Sherlock’s pale skin in ferocious urgency, too lightly to draw blood but certainly with enough force to leave a mark. Indulging in the taste and the string of whimpers that vibrated in the throat right beneath his mouth, John replaced his bite with hungry suction as if he could transfuse a fraction of Sherlock’s being into his own.
“I—,” John begins, then lets his tongue slip out to wet his lips. “You didn’t reply to my messages.”
“Yes. Yes, right.” Sherlock emerges from his thoughts and pulls a few handwritten documents from the folder. “I’ve consulted this book and, apparently, my job is to simultaneously praise and make fun of John to entertain the guests. So, I made an index of his admirable qualities to include in the speech as well as a few thoughts on possibly funny anecdotes although I’m admittedly struggling with this part.”
“Of course, I can change by myself, I am not a child,” came Sherlock’s indignant reply, his voice still carrying the weight of the nightmare, but John took it as a good sign that he could already snap at him again. And, honestly, he was relieved that he didn’t have to undress Sherlock. This situation was already awkward enough without the dizzying mix of emotion such an act would probably entail.
Mr. Beaumont saved him from his thoughts as his empty but resolute voice cut through the silence: “I checked his pulse but he was already ice cold. Then we called the police. What else do you need to know?”
even. After all, there was a gigantic number of issues to be addressed: their love confessions, their relationship status, their level of physical intimacy, when and whom to tell about this, how to handle cases from now on,… Questions and concerns whirred around Sherlock’s head like a swarm of hornets, a roaring, all-consuming buzzing that smothered him. How was he supposed to handle this? He wasn’t good at these human things. That was John’s area. He needed John to guide him. Without him, Sherlock was lost, bereft of his senses, stumbling about blindly, deafly, numbly. The last twenty-four hours had altered their relationship forever. Surely, there were some ground rules Sherlock didn’t know about, ground rules he would most certainly break without even meaning to. This was uncharted territory for him, terrifying and possibly deadly uncharted territory. His heart drummed in his throat, only goading the hornets on further with its savage rhythm. One of them, all of them, would sting him eventually, would inject him with their venom until his body would collapse under the pain.
And there’s the pout that comes when the puppy dog eyes don’t work quickly enough. Honestly, it’s like dealing with a four-year-old. Sometimes John just doesn’t have the patience to engage in a battle of wills against Sherlock.
His half of the bed is warming up now. It’s nice being here with John, much nicer than being all alone in his own room with the rain slamming against the window. John’s fingers slide into the hair at the base of his neck and Sherlock tips his head back to meet them, almost letting a little hum of pleasure escape. He wriggles around to get properly comfy. His wolf has been gradually quieting since he got into bed with John, and now that he’s stroking his hair it’s completely silent, if a little tense. He wonders whether his wolf is in fact a cat. It’s clearly enjoying this petting. He is too. He’s so relaxed that he feels himself tense in surprise at a new flash of lightning, but then John’s fingers find a sensitive spot and he melts. He feels as much as he hears John breathe out a laugh.
“How is wolf life treating you, brother?” Mycroft asks. “Have you decided to see sense and come to our specialist centre yet?”
“I can see you’re doing all you can,” he says, staring into his mug. “I’m sorry if I overreacted. I’m just worried about him.”
Sherlock knows hundreds of pieces and he plays most of them. Which does John mean? He plays a few snatches of melodies from various pieces until John’s eyes light up in recognition.
Curiously though, John doesn’t leave. He stays at the side of the bed, shifting from foot to foot, looking anywhere but at Sherlock and Nyx. Nyx picks up on his nervousness, pulling her ears back slightly, a quiet whine escaping from her throat. After tense seconds, John lets out a decisive huff of breath, making both Sherlock and Nyx jump, and then feel incredibly foolish.
John sidesteps it. “His wound is healing well, he was brilliant on our last case and his headaches have been better over the past few days. What else is there to discuss? He’s fine.”
“Your brain is bored, isn’t it? Deduce them.” He makes a sweeping motion at the people passing by on the street.
“That was…” he struggles for a suitable word and then resolves the struggle by surging up to kiss Sherlock deeply.
John will come to rescue him. It will take less than an hour, by Sherlock’s estimate. And when he arrives and unties him, Sherlock will treat him exactly the same as always.
So he will be clean. He’ll find a flat, something in central London, well located to get to any crime scene. He will let, no,
Sherlock closes his eyes and tries to feel what the wolf can feel. The wolf is in his mind palace now. It shouldn’t be so hard. But it takes him more than one attempt. More than three. There’s no obvious
He doesn’t need a doctor; he has self-diagnosed a broken heart and he has self-prescribed cocaine. He doesn’t need his doctor.
His hand finds Sherlock’s hip, tugs at his pyjama bottoms. Sherlock shoves them down and off, making John whine when Sherlock’s hand leaves his dick. He sucks at John’s sensitive neck again, and is rewarded by John’s arse pressing back against his cock.
Back inside, Sherlock picks up his clothes in his mouth and goes straight upstairs. John listens to him changing back into his human form. There are a few tense moments, sharp breaths, then Sherlock comes back downstairs, human and in pyjamas. He’s surprised to see John still in his wolf form.
Throughout this there's a hand on his shoulder, probably Lestrade's, probably the only thing that stops him detaching from the earth and floating off. As they take John away from the alley the hand pushes him towards the ambulance and he stumbles, clumsily. The paramedics don't stop him getting in the back of the ambulance. He doesn't hear what they're saying.
Sherlock spends an evening trawling the internet for information about the Were packs of London, but finds nothing except people loudly proclaiming that they saw a wolf.
Sherlock smiles, a real, proper, rare Sherlock smile. He’s always pleased when John figures out his compositions.
Together they walk into the water. John jumps around and splashes. There’s more sand underneath the water which doesn’t seem fair to Sherlock. He snaps at a moving bit of water. It’s salty, yuck. He tries to lick it away and ends up more salty. John jumps too close to him and soaks him. Sherlock leaps on him in retaliation. Now they’re both soaked. Much better.
He’s usually very careful not to think about Sherlock like this. There are so many reasons why it wouldn’t work, so many ways it could go wrong. He’d rather die than live without the friendship they have now. He almost did, before he met Sherlock. He doesn’t want to jeopardise it. Better not to think about it.
. He doesn’t understand how John is staying so calm. Sherlock’s wolf is running circles in his head and it’s driving him insane.
Sherlock is pleased at his own ability to communicate despite being in wolf form. He follows John to the kitchen and waits as he rinses the handle of his mug and makes tea. That done, he heads to his armchair, but Sherlock huffs at him and nudges him towards the sofa.
, it means. Right, yes. Because he has to let his instincts guide him more in the city. Sherlock carefully takes a (metaphorical) step backwards and allows his wolf more control. He can feel its excitement at being let loose.
Sherlock moves then, grabs John's hips and pulls. John falls against him and presses him flat against the bed, biting at Sherlock's full lower lip.
“We both know you’ll steal my chips the second they’re placed in front of me,” John replies, and leads them to the town’s only pub.
“Okay,” Sherlock says, but inside he’s not thrilled about the prospect of having to help John up another set of stairs.
When they get back they need the light on. The sky outside is beginning to dim. Sherlock feels a twinge of something and tries to categorise it. Nerves? Yes, he is nervous, just a touch. Anticipation is practically a given. Curiosity. That one’s not hard to identify. Curiosity is his standard state of being. A passing need to just do
He occupies himself with turning off the lights and opening the door. A gust of wind sends it flying open. Raindrops spatter over the floor. Sherlock looks even less impressed.
John jumps up onto the bed and burrows under the covers. He turns a few times, then curls up. Sherlock gets in on his side. It must be his side by now. Their warmth heats the bed. Perfect. But maybe it could be better. He shifts again to rest his head on Sherlock’s chest and shoulder. Sherlock’s arm reaches around and his hand buries itself in John’s fur again. He strokes him gently. John is drifting off to sleep already. Sherlock’s pyjama top smells lovely. His eyes droop.
I recently read another fic that had Sherlock playing the same piece, so the author of that fic and I must've gone down the same google search route. Heh.
Then things tighten up. Here is a version of himself with complete control over his music. It’s sharp, no frills, not leaving space for any sort of emotion. The control lessens gradually, moment by moment, as they go back to London. But there’s an underlying sadness in the music now. It’s what he wanted, but thought he couldn’t have. There’s a spike of violence, the sadness increases, then the music becomes claustrophobic, dangerous. This is when he was kidnapped. The energy increases, the tempo increases: John to the rescue. Then the music soars, all trace of sadness gone. John kissing him. The soaring music gradually settles, diminuendo, morphs back into the cottage theme and ends. This is where they are now.
John comes to full alertness instantly. He sits up, and they both hear the inner door to the flat open and close.
“It doesn’t have to take over completely,” John says. “Does your mind palace have a garden? You could build it a kennel.”
He pulls his hand away from Sherlock’s chest for a full body stretch, yawning, nose scrunching up. He sits up, then slides out of bed. Sherlock instantly feels disappointed. Why won’t he stay longer? There’s something not entirely relaxed about how he’s holding himself. Is he embarrassed? Surely John has shared beds with countless people. Sherlock knows his reputation.
When he has Sherlock squirming he moves down further, mouthing over tense abdominal muscles. He bypasses Sherlock's cock in favour of licking along a hipbone. Then small, teasing kisses down his thighs, which have fallen open and are quivering. A warm hand over one knee, a playful nip at an ankle, then John reaches Sherlock's feet, lifts one and drops a kiss right where the splinter was, shooting a cheeky look up at Sherlock. Sherlock surprises himself by bursting into a giggle. He almost immediately sobers up, pressing his lips together.
He quickly turns back to the stove so Sherlock won’t see the pang that gives him written across his face.
Then John gently presses his lips to Sherlock’s and Sherlock’s eyes flutter shut and he just can’t help it. The kiss is nothing more than that but they stay that way for a few moments, pressed together, both here, both alive.
In the late afternoon they arrive where they’ll be staying: a charming holiday cottage on the Sussex coast. It’s isolated, with its own path down to a cove and a sweeping mass of land behind it. They meet the owner there. John pays the deposit in cash. Sherlock has to admire the effort he’s put into this. This must have been the reason for the phone call he made from the car rental office. After, the owner gives them a cursory tour. The cottage is a mix of cosy, modern, basic and rustic, like a countryside version of 221B, but with less mess. He imagines John didn’t have much choice in picking it, but luck, if luck exists, seems to have thrown them the perfect place.
“Get your gun, John. I have the note dropper on camera an hour ago, and you’re going to follow his route.”
They decide to start at the top of the hill and work their way down. They climb up to the trees at the top. After walking through the trees for a few minutes, Sherlock suddenly gasps and dashes ahead. John wonders what could have him so excited. There’s not a dead body up here, is there?
Sherlock wakes slowly, warm and rested. He opens his eyes to the clear morning sunlight, the gentle blue stillness of the sea side bedroom, and John’s sleeping face. He’s rolled over in the night; he’s now facing John, who must’ve fallen asleep still stroking Sherlock’s hair, because he has one arm stretched out towards him, fingertips resting lightly against Sherlock’s chest.
He’s stronger and faster as a wolf, but as a human, he can use his gun. Changing is a vulnerable process, but he’ll have to do it at some point; Sherlock is probably tied up, and John will need his fingers to release him. Right. He changes back, dresses, and quickly sends a text to Mycroft describing the location and situation.
“Mm, you know,” John says, after a particularly sharp bite to Sherlock's collarbone which makes him rather vocal, “I’d carry you to your room because I think you’d enjoy that, but my back isn’t what it used to be.”
John takes off his pants, and Sherlock very carefully doesn’t look at him as he takes off his own. John turns off the main light, leaving just the lamps on. Of course, not looking doesn’t mean that Sherlock doesn’t see. He knows now where John was bitten. His scar is on the outside of his right thigh, high up, just below his hip. It’s not as obvious as Sherlock’s will be — teeth can pierce silk shirts more easily than heavy army uniform fabric. It explains a few things, though. The psychosomatic limp makes a lot more sense. Sherlock was an idiot not to have deduced it before.
Newspaper man — Ste — groans. John hears Sherlock whimper. He sounds muffled, gagged. Tom? Who’s Tom? Who has he killed called—
“Do you think we don’t know what we’re doing, Mycroft?” John asks. “That Sherlock needs doctors and psychologists to hold his hand?”
“You will be pleased to hear,” John says, after a few quiet moments, “that moonrise is quite early tonight. Late afternoon really. But we’ll wait until it’s fully dark. We have some things we can do until then.”
Changing back is easier than changing into wolf form. He knows his human body well. Again he feels the burning pain, the stretching, the itching, then he’s standing, human again. He feels curiously tall. Sherlock flops down onto the sofa. John throws a blanket into his lap and Sherlock musters up the energy to shake it out over his nakedness. John wraps himself in another blanket and sits beside Sherlock. Their thighs touch. Sherlock is no expert on these matters, and he’s too tired to think it through, but he feels like they might be closer now.
Sherlock comes back downstairs, his cheeks pink from the heat of his bath, hair mad from a rough towel drying.
Lestrade changes tack. “What about his new, uh, condition? It hasn’t been that long since he was bitten. Could it be related?”
And then there’s kissing. So much kissing that he sometimes thinks he’ll burst just from the kissing, just from what he’s feeling. Then John takes it further, pushes him up to that delicious edge with his hands, his fingers, his mouth, until he tumbles over and breaks apart. John is always there to pull him back together. Sherlock does the same for John, discovers his sensitive spots, his ticklish spots, touches him everywhere, learns what he likes. Now that he is allowed to touch John as much as he wants, is encouraged to even, he can’t stop. He wants to know everything about John’s body. He loves the noises he makes. The knowledge that it is
“What splinter?” John asks, causing Sherlock to splutter in outrage before he realises that John is teasing and flushes a deeper shade of pink. John smirks and pointedly doesn’t think about other ways he could make Sherlock that pretty shade of pink.
“John, sit down.” He guides John to his chair, to be sure he actually will sit down. “I will make the tea.”
John clears his throat, looking away from Sherlock’s nakedness. “Yeah, uh. Good night, Sherlock. Or, good morning, I guess.”
When John’s noise reaches a certain pitch, takes on a certain note of begging, Sherlock removes hand and mouth from his cock. He glances up at John, smiles, then rubs his cheek up John’s cock like a cat. His barely-there evening stubble scratches lightly against John’s sensitive skin.
John has let Harry believe what she wants about his and Sherlock’s relationship for ages now. It’s easier than arguing.
He could get used to this. Maybe he could trick Sherlock into watching something besides BBC documentaries in the future.
The nurse smiled apologetically. “The doctor would like to keep him in a little longer, I’m afraid.”
And yet, hanging on barely more than threads, John carried on, ever the brave soldier. Every day, every night, he marched onward with bleeding feet and steely stubbornness, Sherlock always by his side to catch him as soon as his legs would ultimately give in.
He hailed a cab, only curtly naming his address before falling silent on the back seat. Cold fingers fidgeting with his phone, Sherlock tried to occupy his mind with anything but the prospect of another night of a warm and far too appealing John pressed against him—or worse, John insisting on sleeping alone—when his text alert beeped. Instead of his usual acknowledgment, wrapped in some polite nonsense about dinner, a reply popped up that made Sherlock’s already caffeine-accelerated heartbeat speed up even more.
“I’ve told the Beaumonts,” Lestrade affirmed. “And the Chief Superintendent has certainly seen enough deaths in his day to know that, sometimes, there’s nothing you can do.”
The dreams usually followed a simple structure: Sherlock regained consciousness in a dark and oddly featureless room, chained to the back wall. Mere feet away from him, yet too far to touch, lay John, chained up as well. He gave Sherlock a frightened look before a dark figure entered the room and approached John. Then, the worst part began. Sherlock had to sit there on the floor while John was being methodically tortured before his eyes. Sometimes it was Moriarty, sometimes Mary, sometimes the latest murderer they had caught together. Completely immobilized, Sherlock had to watch his friend bleed and suffer. And it was
“We only—” John interrupts himself. Lestrade doesn’t know his secret. “He changed recently. Monday night into Tuesday morning was the last change. Sherlock has been fine with it.”
The piece runs chronologically. It begins with the first cottage section, the one that John heard before, long, low, and comforting. Then comes the first change. Gradually the cottage theme morphs, becoming something more complex, and then suddenly it’s completely different. This is Sherlock’s music at its most violently emotional, confused, uncontrolled, lost…
Again, with no discernible reason, Sherlock catches hold of his wolf. This time he holds on and on and on. His muscles tense. He thinks of his dream. He thinks of running with his wolf. He forgets everything else. His transport, the room, John… Something switches inside of him, and suddenly his muscles are burning, as if they’re being stretched past endurance. His skin itches, but he can’t move his arms to scratch. Through a rushing in his ears, he hears John’s voice.
John is quiet. Normally Sherlock kicks him out of the room if he needs to go to his mind palace. But now he’s lying in John’s lap, allowing him to see, allowing him to know Sherlock’s
Then John looks over his shoulder at him. "If we're going to share a bed, you might as well make it worthwhile."
Sherlock opens eyes he doesn’t remember closing. He lowers his violin and bow, looks to John and blinks in surprise. In the light of the fire John’s eyes are wet and glistening.
“I need to shower first,” Sherlock replies, but makes no effort to move, sliding his hands slowly up and down John’s back.
“I feel like a whale,” Sherlock complains as they leave the flat that night. John has stayed true to his word and provided Sherlock with an impossible amount of food throughout the day.
Thanks to everyone reading along and sticking with me so far! You can hit me up at hannahrrrr.tumblr.com
An old man with age-related insomnia out for a walk. Nothing unusual there. The slow, dragging pace he has to go at frustrates him, but he can’t break character. It takes him half an hour to make his way to Baker Street. He doesn’t enter the street itself. A few streets away is a rusted fire escape. At the top of that, he strips off the disguise so he’s in all black; then it’s a leap across to a ledge on the building opposite and a scramble up to the roof, and he has a clear shot, a simple run with a few jumps to reach 221 Baker Street.
John wakes him the next morning. It’s half nine already, later than he’d expected. He blames his wolf, who keeps sleeping ridiculously long hours.
Sherlock finds his wolf more easily this time, and doesn’t take long to change. John follows after. Even now, after a couple of years, the change is still a little painful, like working out muscles that have never been used before. It’s gone the moment he’s in wolf form.
His phone pings with a text. For a mad second he thinks it might be Sherlock, but it’s just Mycroft, telling him that his team is working on tracing the second vehicle. John sits back with a huff. All the leads are out of his hands and there’s nothing more he can do.
The walk back to the cottage along the coast path takes longer in the dark. Sherlock has to keep putting a hand out to steady himself on John’s shoulder, the bags he’s carrying tipping him off balance. John is always there to right him.
“I need to return the torch to the pub, too,” John continues. “I’ll buy a couple for us in town while I’m there.”
“‘Obsession’ is unfair,” Clara says. “But you can’t blame her. She didn’t see how Sherlock turned your life around.”
“Trust me,” John says, picking out a jar of jam from the small selection. “Changing makes you hungry. Very hungry.”
Through the darkness he can see two men silhouetted against the light. They’re sitting at a fold-out table, making it hard for John to assess their size and strength. He edges closer to the wall, away from the pool of light. There’s a rustling noise farther off, beyond the table. A third man sitting apart has just turned a page of newspaper. Beyond him, barely perceptible in the darkness, huddled against a wall, Sherlock’s unmistakable silhouette. John’s on the wrong side, damn it!
John takes him to a large, open plain of grass. Here they can relax their guard a little; anyone approaching them will be easily seen. Sherlock wags his tail. His wolf (and he himself) is pleased that John has brought them somewhere that they can play. John sees his excitement and offers him the wolfish version of a grin. This will be much better than prowling cautiously through dark alleys.
John’s tone implies that there’s still more to be done. Sherlock had expected that. It won’t matter for another month, though. Mycroft stands. Apparently he’s got all the information he wanted. The goodbyes are tense. Sherlock is keen to get rid of him, and John isn’t too fond of Mycroft either. Mycroft himself won’t hang around for a social visit once he’s got what he wants.
A slight twitch from John, and then he’s off, running flat out, joyous. Sherlock tears after him through the wet grass. He’s so
Carefully John works in a second finger alongside his first. He’s used to the stretch now, welcomes it, wants to feel John filling him up. Two fingers become three, then suddenly Sherlock has to tug on John’s hair, pull him off his cock.
“Text Lestrade,” John replies. “I’m sure he could use your help on something. Or check your emails. Last I saw there were over five hundred in your inbox.”
The flannel lands with a squelch near the door, and John settles over Sherlock and lets himself be kissed lazily but thoroughly.
Mycroft offers a few more directions. “Remember that we might lose him. They’ve been rather good at avoiding CCTV thus far.”
Around half an hour later, Sherlock finishes playing and reemerges from his head. John has been staring, apparently also lost in the music, and he blinks a few times to come back to himself.
Damn him. Sherlock tries so hard to be immune to Sherlock's small ‘pleases’ and puppy dog eyes (he knows if he turns around now there will be puppy dog eyes), but Sherlock is just too good at convincing him. No. Scratch that. John is just too bad at resisting him. He turns.
Sherlock's mouth is hanging open, catching his breath, his lips rosy and kiss-swollen. His eyes are closed, long eyelashes fanning his cheeks, which are still tinged pink from their exertions. His face is relaxed, young, sated. God, he looks
“Would you please stop being so obvious but refusing to do anything about it?! I’m dying of impatience here.”
Sherlock sighs. John is right. Headaches make him fuzzy-brained. He can’t think straight; his mind stagnates. He can’t stand stagnation. He understands theoretically that he should accept his wolf, but at what cost? What changes to his intelligence?
The fun of play is slightly ruined when they get out of the water and Sherlock discovers that the sand is sticking to him more than ever. He tries to shake it off the whole way up the beach. Big clods of it stick to his paws. John takes pity on him and shows him how to roll in the gravel to get it off. Once it’s gone they’re off again. They run up and down the hill. He follows the chirping of night insects. They practise hunting them. He can move almost silently. Like a whisper of wind. The human side of him is impressed. He stalks a night chirper — slow, focused, deadly. John ambushes him from the side. A lesson for his defences.
“No, he doesn’t,” John quickly objected although the lie didn’t sound very convincing. That bloke actually could have been his twin brother as far as he could tell. He was sure that, fifteen years ago, he and that actor would have been nearly indistinguishable.
,” he cautiously joined John in the chorus, their voices intertwining into an enchanting harmony. Goosebumps spread from the base of his skull.
With the glass, he wanders back to the bedroom and opens his bag. Although he has only one outfit packed he takes so long to get dressed that Mary is ready before him.
“C’mere.” John tugged at his fingers until Sherlock was closely snuggled against him, half-covered by the Belstaff, his head resting against John’s chest. Breathing a kiss onto Sherlock’s scalp, John murmured: “Now, please, tell me what’s wrong.”
Although the scenes were mangled by pain and blood loss, he could piece them together quite reliably: the gun that had gone off — Cal who had dropped it like scalding metal the next second — the officers rushing up the stairs and arresting the boy — Greg following closely behind and calling the ambulance — Sherlock’s pale face as he pressed his scarf down on the wound.
Greg quirks his brows. “Why not? Too embarrassed by how plastered you both were? The great Sherlock Holmes, unable to hold his drink?” He grins.
Sherlock tried to answer but the words got stuck somewhere in his ribcage. He could only stare at John—brilliant, blinding John—and nod eagerly in agreement, in understanding, in encouragement.
Mrs Hudson’s shrill voice lifted the fog of arousal and brought John back to reality. For a second, the flat around him seemed altered and oddly confusing, like kissing Sherlock had pushed them through a wormhole into an alternate universe—one with a distinctly smoky smell to it.
And I would be super interested if any of you have headcanons about John's note from TLD. It bothers me so much that we didn't get to see what it said so I included my own (brutal) version. Any other ideas? :)
They bore into his own with such intensity, with an irresistible, gravitational force pulling Sherlock into his orbit.
John’s forecast had been wrong. It took them almost three full days to solve Ethan Nichols’ murder. Witnesses were nowhere to be found and almost everyone they interviewed acted suspiciously. As it turned out, the idyll of the village was nothing but a carefully cultivated façade, covering up more grudges and dirty little secrets than John would have thought possible. And one, Sherlock and he agreed, must have been the death of Ethan Nichols.
They ended up in a narrow street framed by shabby blocks of flats. The names on the bell panel were smudged and barely readable. Sherlock wrinkled his nose at the smell that hit him as they were buzzed in and entered the building.
As hard as he tries to avoid the image before him, there’s just no use. John belongs here, in this chair, in
He still couldn’t believe his luck. Some part of him was only waiting for this new wonderful thing he had waited for all his life to be ripped from his fingers again. All good things ended eventually, didn’t they? You just had to make it count while you still could.
A white wall of fury blinded Sherlock at his words. After all this time, after witnessing the nightmares that still tormented him, John still hadn’t understood. He still didn’t get what Sherlock had done for him.
“It’s alright,” he says, gently running his thumb over the soft skin just below John’s hairline. “It’s okay.”
Sherlock isn’t articulating words anymore, only belting out almost desperate notes. Each one breaks through John like a wrecking ball, leaving nothing but dust and debris. Once again, Sherlock has demolished the foundation of John’s identity.
Over the course of the night, John dozed off a few times, only to be tortured by visions of Sherlock, his face pale and agonized, his hands clutching his chest were shards of his broken heart had pierced through his skin, colouring his shirt red with blood. Every time, John awoke with a start and a pain in his own chest that made him trace the fabric of his jumper to ensure he didn’t bleed.
“Laney, we just want to find Cal before he gets into trouble. You don’t want Cal to get into trouble, do you?”
.” John’s voice became more confident and Sherlock no longer fought the adoration that shone from his face.
It can’t possibly be of any advantage for him to read these messages. Not after three weeks of deafening silence.
Sherlock examined her closely; the way her cheaply coloured hair framed her turgid, starkly rouged cheeks; the company-issued t-shirt that clung to her sinewy body; the nicotine-stained fingernails. His voice dropped to menacing depths as he cocked his head and said: „Did you seriously just try to shame him for buying formula for his child?”
And John? He never struck Greg as someone inclined this way but, well, people are complicated. But he had decided to propose to Mary, so the whole matter was resolved. At least that’s what Greg thought.
He’s pretty sure that the prospect of having breakfast with his wife and all his friends and family, who’ve, by the way, made it all the way to London and stayed the night for his wedding, shouldn’t be quite this unnerving.
A pale moon stared back at Sherlock, ignorant of the hearts broken and lives destroyed beneath, unfeeling. God, how he envied it. He’d given everything to return to his numb existence, void of all the sentiment that this damned man had snuck into his heart. But the damage was done. This bell could not be un-rung. And Sherlock Holmes had a feeling, loving, aching heart now pounding in his chest. Making it stop called for radical measures.
If all this video contains is another lecture about body language and how all of John’s friends secretly despise him, he’ll have to have a word with Greg.
“Guess what, bumblebee,” John murmurs into his daughter’s hair and a smile spreads on his face. “We’re going home.”
The lump in his throat grows with every step, the grocery bag weighing him down as if it were filled with lead instead of apples, toast, and beans. He will miss all of this. But what other choice is there really?
“This isn’t your fault, Sherlock,” the DI said, his soothing voice piercing Sherlock’s ears like red-hot needles. “Stop beating yourself up. Neither of us saw that coming.”
“Thank you,” John called over his shoulder, already halfway up the stairs, taking two steps at a time.
Sherlock just shook his head. He wouldn’t ruin this. And maybe the game would reveal other interesting facts about John. That alone was reason enough to stay.
Sherlock caught only half of the pleasantries and stories about their kids John and Angelo exchanged. He focused all his mental energy on regaining control over his heartbeat and breathing as long as John was still occupied with something else. He needed to calm down, to keep his composure or John would mistake his nervousness for discomfort or worse. Counting the duration of each breath he took—
“Condoms? I know your blood is massively supplying another organ than your brain right now but, as a doctor, you should still know that there is no way you can get me pregnant,” Sherlock panted.
“I’m inexperienced but I haven’t lived under a rock for the past thirty-six years. I’ve seen movies,” Sherlock grumbled as he tied his scarf. Before he could grab his coat, steady hands were already holding it up to help him slip it on, lingering on his shoulders for sweet seconds. Somewhere in Sherlock’s head, Mycroft raised his eyebrows with a belittling click of his tongue at John’s repeated courtesy but Sherlock couldn’t care less. Whatever false sense of pride might’ve been hurt by these gestures—it had been washed away by wine and shared secrets.
Sherlock’s mouth opens without his conscious command, inviting John’s tongue in, and even this is not close enough. His hand sneaks into John’s hair, holding him in place because this can never end. He can never let John go again.
They stepped out onto the cold street. It was barely past nine and the dark air buzzed with people visiting bars and restaurants. A group of merrily chattering women passed and eyed them both, their interested gazes injecting Sherlock’s mind with an unpleasant thought. He busied his hands by turning up his collar as they directed their steps back to Baker Street.
Having hung up both jackets, John sat back down on the sofa and checked his messages. Up until now, he had almost forgotten about the world outside of their cozy flat and he wasn’t particularly keen on re-entering it. Maybe Sherlock’s getting rid of his phone wasn’t so dumb after all.
Was death by instalments any less cruel to them than a brief jump or the shot of a gun? What could possibly justify the pain he’d cause all of them? Just because he couldn’t stand an existence without John? He was willing to die for them. Wasn’t it even more courageous to stay alive for them even if that entailed misery? Pain remained pain. But at least, this way, Sherlock stayed the only one it was inflicted on.
As the younger man’s pale hand returned to his skin, John’s face relaxed again. His eyes slid closed completely and a soft satisfied bumbling vibrated in his throat. The fact that he was able to alleviate John's discomfort relieved Sherlock immensely. He adjusted his own figure to a more comfortable position, now sitting beside his friend with crossed legs and his sheets wrapped around his shoulders. He cooled John’s forehead, switching hands whenever their body temperatures aligned, and watched as John drifted back and forth between sleeping and waking. Slowly, pale sunlight crept into the bedroom.
The tea had apparently rehydrated him enough to allow his body to spare some fluids for tears again. With quiet steadiness, they dropped from his chin. Molly and Greg both remained perfectly silent while Sherlock cried, freely and unashamedly, but the looks they shared whispered of compassion and… understanding. They both had lived through their share of unrequited love, too, Sherlock realized. At least this once, his inner workings didn’t estrange him from the rest of the world but made him belong. He was able to love—even if no one would ever love him back. What kind of monstrosity could he possibly be if he was capable of such sentiment?
“We don’t think so, Cal,” John assured him, making a tentative step towards the boy. “We’ll vouch for you. All you have to do is give me your gun.”
“I take your word for it. This is hardly my area of expertise, John,” Sherlock said with an apologetic smile. Having uttered his concerns, at least to some extent, seemed to change the air between them, rendered it mellower, homelier, and gave Sherlock the strength to open up. Under his breath, he added: “I don’t know how to do this.”
John laughed and attacked his mouth with kisses. “At least I’m not too hurt to snog that grin off your face.”
Sherlock let his head fall back upon the pillow as John climbed half on top of him and began to torture him with little bites and bruises again—always on the verge of hurting but not quite there. Sherlock let out an involuntary gasp and dug his nails into John’s backside, evoking an equal sound of pained pleasure. All his nerves were alight with the feeling of John’s fingers, John’s lips, John’s cock against his thigh.
He tore off the wrapping paper and opened the box. A small card—dark blue letters on heavy, off-white paper—lay on top of the phone. He picked it up and read:
Something about this slip feels odd, causes a surge of adrenaline John can’t quite place but he knows better than to dismiss his natural instincts.
Sherlock is hurting, Greg knows it. He can’t leave him here, drunk and vulnerable. The bastard’s enough of a drama queen to do something stupid in his desperation. And if he’s actually hit by a car, Greg wouldn’t be able to forgive himself.
He turns and straightens his jacket resolutely. “You should drink at least two glasses of water and then go to bed, sleep off the booze. Maybe take some aspirin straight away, be a step ahead of the hangover. Things will look different in the morning, you’ll see. Just make sure you’ll be good to give that speech, be John’s best man.”
“You didn’t answer the door, Sherlock. Did you put the bell in the freezer again? You always—,” Mrs. Hudson complained before Molly interrupted her: “What’s going on with you two? Why are you crying?”
He only now realises how awfully quiet the house can be without Mrs Hudson’s constant chatting, humming, and hoovering.
Even the bodily resources needed to digest a pound of lasagne and two dozen pralines don’t seem to suffice to take the edge off his thoughts.
Sherlock felt the lump rise in his throat again, coarse and painful. Pictures unfolded before his eyes: of a familiar, beloved little body lying on the ground, skin just as white as the snow surrounding it, blonde curls covering a blank face, tiny fingers limp, never holding on to his hand again.
Greg gives Sherlock a curious side glance, not quite sure what to make of this demonstration. “Is… Is that you, playing the guitar?”
It is this smile, this fond and somewhat sheepish expression that flashes over John’s face every now and then that is driving Sherlock insane, that makes watching and waiting and wishing just not good enough anymore.
“I threw everything out when I moved back in with you. I didn’t exactly want to store stuff like that in our shared bedroom. Could’ve made things awkward.”
John cranes his neck, angles Sherlock’s head with gentle movements and invites him in. As their tongues touch, lightning strikes in Sherlock’s mind, eradicating every thought other than the taste of John.
“What names would you like to call me?” John replied with a mischievous grin and a sparkle in his eyes that made Sherlock’s knees a little wobbly. He quickly raised his gaze to the thickening clouds overhead.
It must’ve been one of the sober nights, then, when it first happened. He woke, the darkness of his old room he occupied once more pressing into his eyes like a blindfold, to find somebody next to him. Sherlock had silently sneaked into his bed, had crept under the covers without a word, without touching John or trying to wake him.
“Well, usually I wouldn’t have chosen a restaurant where neither of us has to pay but I didn’t exactly have time to make a reservation anywhere else,” John chuckled.
John felt Sherlock relax on the sofa next to him as the movie progressed. From time to time, he would tilt his head in thought or fidget a little but, overall, he seemed quite content. John fought a grin creeping up on his lips at Sherlock’s fruitless attempts to look cool and disinterested.
“No,” he says with an apologetic shrug. When John bites his lips and turns to the bartender for another drink, he adds in an attempt to distract him: “Great wedding, man.”
For a moment, Sherlock is intrigued by the idea of hacking into Mycroft’s bank accounts to follow the money trail. On second thought, it’s not even worth the effort.
Yet, here he is; still as stupid and dependent and addicted to the special high only Sherlock can provide him with. Despite all the hurt he’s caused him, John has to admit to himself now that he would abandon anything, everything for the spot at Sherlock’s side.
“Looking for something?” Sherlock said, rising to his full height and swiftly bridging the distance between him and the stranger.
?” His tone was demonstratively casual but the blue of his eyes darkened in vigilance. Sherlock could all but hear John’s mind switch into soldier mode in light of this dangerous terrain they had suddenly stepped on.
The video ends with a few scattered chords and Sherlock shooting an insecure smile at the camera. Then the screen turns black.
“Alright.” He tugs his mouth up into a smile, an act as strenuous as if he had decided to lift the bed frame instead. “Thank you.”
Or maybe it was just those hands, those arms that held him, cradled him, pulled him back down to earth. Sherlock opened his eyes. Mycroft’s face above him had lost all colour. His eyes were wide with the same panic that still heaved Sherlock’s chest in rapid motion.
,” John continued, reverberating Sherlock’s smile even brighter upon meeting the pallid eyes hovering above him. He radiated a warmth that had nothing to do with the fever. Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat.
It was already afternoon as the epiphany hit Sherlock. What if Ethan hadn’t been killed to keep someone else’s secret but because of a secret of his own? After another examination of the body his hypothesis was confirmed: Someone had strangled Ethan Nichols to death and applied a chemical solution with hundreds of pinpricks to mirror the reaction of a jellyfish attack to cover their tracks on his neck. Knowing about Ethan’s morning ritual and that water would wash away even more of the evidence, the murderer had dumped the body into the ocean in hopes the apparent jellyfish markings would label his death a tragic accident.
He was rummaging the drawers for a pair of trousers when his panicking brain finally registered the information billowing at the outskirts of his consciousness: There was faint music seeping through the bedroom door. He halted abruptly, staying perfectly still and listening for a few seconds, all his nerves on edge. His ears didn’t betray him. A melody was playing, coming from the sitting room, if he wasn’t mistaking. John even knew that song. With his heart barely beating, he strode across the bedroom and opened the door.
I kinda wanna apologize for misleading all (or at least some) of you with the last chapter's cliffhanger. I couldn't resist it! :D And I desperately wanted to involve Mycroft in all of this :)
It wasn’t me who just stormed out, it wasn’t me who didn’t pick up his bloody phone! Have you any idea how worried I was? And what do you mean without a word? I’ve told you that I’d be out and that I’d come back to talk things over. That is more than you had the courtesy to tell me.”
He had been shaky but focused as long as he had something to do, as long as he could help. But, God, the unfiltered fear that had taken over as soon as the ambulancewoman had pushed him aside and kneeled down next to John.
For a beat, silence coloured the air between them. “Thank you.” Sherlock’s throaty voice sent a shiver through John’s body. He bent down and placed a tender kiss on his lips, feeling them turn up into a slight smile under his touch.
When the three of them enter the sitting room, she turns her head assess the newest arrivals with an affected air of disinterest. At the sight of Sherlock however, her eyes widen and her face goes white in surprise. “Sherlock Holmes,” she spits, voice dripping with disdain. “What are
“Funny you should say that,” Mike grins as though he’s just thought of something especially brilliant. “Was talking to a friend of mine, Sarah, just this morning. She’s looking for someone to fill a vacancy in the Bart’s A&E. ‘What am I going to do with all these doctors who're used to nothing but runny noses and the odd case of the clap? It’s like a bloody battlefield most nights,’ she said.”
Every atom of his of his being, Alpha or otherwise, longs to tear out her throat. It takes all his willpower to turn heel and force himself to march away instead. When she calls after him as he’s storming away, asking him what she should say, the strained tether on his fury finally snaps.
Sherlock gnaws his lip and clutches at John's fingers steadyingly. John stares back calmly, ever Sherlock’s rock, patiently waiting as he disentangles fact from fear in his mind. After a few moments Sherlock takes a deep breath and relaxes his grip.
” He insists again, frantic now; sheer panic suffusing his voice. It's a level of panic he's never felt before
And with how long you’d been on suppressants for, the odds of us conceiving were downright infinitesimal.”
“The most perfect infant in the whole of human history,” John agrees immediately, nodding without hesitation as wraps an arm around his little family and cuddles them close. “Scientific fact, that.”
“But as it so happened,” Sherlock continues, “I broke my arm falling from a tree on our estate in the summer months, and developed something of a troublesome fondness for laudanum during my recovery.”
over being so caringly attended to by its alpha. Everytime John’s small, warm hand rubs along the knobs of his spine, or reaches out to steady his elbow as he rises on shaky legs from the floor, a warm rush of adoration races through Sherlock’s veins. It’s even worse when John gives a pleased little smile at the sight of Sherlock diligently tucking into a meal, or yawning and lying down for an afternoon kip on the sofa. A bubble of omega gratification instinctively swells inside his chest over having pleased his alpha, only to just as swiftly burst, leaving him prickling with embarrassment over being so hopelessly clichéd.
“So, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft continues on blithely, unbothered by John’s lack of reply. “I’ve been informed that, for the past several weeks, my brother’s been traipsing about every available era looking for you. And now that he’s found you, here you are; visiting in person. Might we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?”
“You were an army doctor," Sherlock announces, staring down at him speculatively. John doesn't know what's prompted the non-sequitur but he nods in confirmation regardless.
The idea has never occurred Sherlock before, but he would be more than amenable to some sort of copulatory arrangement between them. He wouldn’t even be averse to the occasional placebo-cycle heat, so long as they haven’t a case on. His relations with Victor may have been largely unexciting, but this unexpected venture with John has been incredibly stimulating thus far.
Do they practice that in medical school? Possibly they chant, in unison, the most abjectly mortifying queries known to humanity, crescendoing until they finally reach a sort of nirvana of shamelessness. Seems unlikely. But maybe.
Sherlock comes to again the next morning, bleary-eyed and dry-mouthed, with a distinctly unpleasant feeling of
More importantly, he’ll be able to expand exponentially upon John’s wing. He has approximately seventeen minutes before John rouses. No time to lose. He raises a hand to stroke John’s hair and begins with itemizing all potential sexual acts and positions that John would likely be amenable to.
for Alphas and Betas who enjoy that sort of thing, and are prepared to pay for it.” Mycroft elaborates, as if Sherlock isn’t
not even when his own life’s been at risk. He wants nothing more than to tear their throats out with his teeth, but he can’t risk John’s safety.
Sherlock breaths a mental sigh of relief that it’s nothing like the over-large monstrosities that the Alphas in pornography present. It’s slightly longer and girthier than the average Beta’s, but not by much. The true difference lies in the spongy looking erectile tissue at the base of it, where his knot will form at climax. It’s swelling slightly already, in reaction to the scent of Omega in heat permeating the air, but remains soft and yielding for the time being.
“No,” he agrees, glancing down at the screen. “Because it’s a duplicate that I had made, into which you’ve just entered the numbers one, oh, five, eight.” He strides across the room to his chair and fishes the real phone out from beneath the cushions. “I assumed you’d choose something more specific than that but, um, thanks anyway.”
” Sherlock snipes back in a harsh whisper of his own. “It was hardly as if I needed to put in great effort on my part to hide things from you, given how much time you’ve spent avoiding me.”
“Yes Lestrade,” Sherlock drawls sardonically, “given that John is an alpha, I certainly wouldn’t expect
With an unearthly shriek of rage, Marie springs from the couch and flies at Sherlock, taking everyone by surprise. The force of the impact sends the two of them toppling from the ottoman, and they hit the floor in a flurry of arms and legs, and Sherlock immediately rolls onto his belly beneath Marie, in an effort to either scramble out from beneath her, or to shelter his face from her clawing hands. Undeterred, she straddles his back and rains blows down upon it. Distantly, over the sound Marie’s screaming epithets in his ear, he hears John curse vehemently.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Sherlock offers an exaggerated roll of his eyes. “You didn’t make a fuss about him when you were busy
recall doing a substantial amount of pleading over the course of his heat with John. None of which ended at all unpleasantly.
Alpha, who managed to breed him in only one mating. He shifts from foot to foot disconcertedly as he tries to rein it in, but finds it far more difficult than usual to subdue it.
"Mhm; 'Harry Watson'. Given the unlikelihood that you just so happened to buy a secondhand phone once owned by a fellow Watson, clearly a family member’s given you his old phone. Not your father, this is a young man’s gadget. Now,
As the pressure unbalances Sherlock and he drops back against the mattress with a surprised puff of air, John growls and takes a step forward.
“Yes,” Sherlock agrees more than a touch breathlessly, helpfully squirming out of his pyjama bottoms atop the duvet. “That sounds like an excellent plan.”
he finishes in his mind with a blush, embarrassingly aware of the people around them that might overhear. Not that they wouldn’t be able to put two and two together from the fact that their discussing Sherlock’s
we call him something that doesn’t make him sound like he’s my surly old Granddad down from Edinburgh. I’m not suggesting we call him something ridiculous! Just something nice, and simple, Like… like… oh, I don’t know —
When he looks up be locks eyes with John and sees the sudden understanding of his hesitation to spread the news fall into place. The careful fiction that he’s woven around himself over the years is rapidly unravelling before his very eyes and there's nothing he can do to stop it. Not that he's set down in this path. Even those who know the truth forget it often enough, without any obvious tells to remind them. But once he’s grown soft and round, there’ll be no denying it or forgetting it any more.
“Mrs Hudson leave Baker Street?” Sherlock questions sternly, wrapping an arm about her shoulders and tugging her close in a playfully protective gesture. “England would fall.”
Admittedly, paying off every seller in a two mile radius was an excellent idea. It’s certainly proved to be an effective fail-safe.
“I didn’t know that you two were… You’ve always said that you’re not shagging!” Lestrade disregards him entirely to turn and grin at John, playfully punching him in the arm. “You sly fox! You bloody well pulled the wool over my eyes! I never even suspected! When is the little mite due?”
"It was unforgivably gaudy anyways," Sherlock dismisses flippantly as he throws up the window sash to air the room. "The Lady Fitzgerald has both the taste and needlepoint skills of a common magpie. Really, I’ve done society a great service; ensuring that no poor soul need ever subject their eyes to that monstrosity again."
With a gasp he buries two fingers inside himself, and opens a certain full-to-bursting room within John’s wing of his mind palace, letting the carefully stored memories within spill out.
“Indeed,” Sherlock agrees with a shudder of revulsion. “An Alpha child would immediately become the next Holmes heir. And, of course, should the child present as an Omega instead, they’d still want for nothing. So in either case, you needn’t be concerned, financially speaking.”
“We can stop along on our way back to Baker Street,” he offers, tapping out a response to whatever message has come through with a frown as he sits back.
The three men march out the flat and out of sight, and Sherlock lowers the now blood-soaked cloth from it’s place over his nose to allow John to begin carefully swiping at the half-dried trails of blood covering the lower half of his face.
“I am arresting you on suspicion of murder in the first degree,” Lestrade informs Marie in a low, cross tone as he carefully snaps his cuffs around her wrists. “You do not have to say anything; but it may harm your defence if…”
“Shall I tell him?” Irene asks him, glancing down at him with an amused tilt of her head. He tries to shake his head, force himself to his feet, but his limbs refuse to cooperate. He lets his eyes fall closed in surrender as she continues.
He brushes off any concern he’d been feeling with a grin, and throws himself down the stairs at Sherlock’s heels.
When they arrive at the location of Edward’s flat, there’s a young officer in uniform waiting outside the building entrance to direct them to the correct floor. The flat itself is photoshoot-ready; outfitted entirely in sleek, minimalist chrome and white, everything within giving the distinct impression of being eye-wateringly expensive. In the midst of it all, flanked by Sally Donovan and another officer, a beautiful blonde Omega perches at the end of one of the long leather sofas, looking just as elegant and flawless as her surroundings.
to be the one currently gestating our offspring. Lovely— well, now that’s over with, we can get to work.”
“Nonsense John. As Mrs. Hudson’s favourite telly programmes seem quite insistent upon; everyone knows posh omegas
There’d been a good week of awkward tension, but they’d thankfully managed to fumble their way back to their usual camaraderie without much fuss. Which isn’t to say that John hasn’t been struggling with that dark, unwelcome Alpha part of his mind, and it’s recurring insistence that Sherlock is
Sherlock chokes mildly on his own drink at the unexpected change of subjects, and briefly considers lying.
the scent is coming from hits him, alongside the wave of scent. He gapes up at Sherlock with a start. “It’s you!”
in all his life. The only thing keeping him alert is pain and adrenaline from the rising sense of dread that’s beginning to set in.
“I beg your pardon?” John sputters. He attempts to remove Sherlock from his lap, but the omega stubbornly resists, and proves himself to be surprisingly stronger than he appears. “Sherlock, this is most irregular!”
, the Omega inside of him whispers insistently, and despite his desperate desire to agree, he gathers his resolves and forces himself to rebuff it.
He’s cut off as Sherlock arches hard beneath him, crushing their lips together. He groans in surprise, instantly and undeniably aroused, despite himself. After a moment his mind asserts itself and he forces himself to pull back. Sherlock squirms prettily against his hands, and his cock stirs to life beneath his nightshirt.
It’s easy; to fantasize about the simplest option. She’s the modern, open-minded sort, of course; alpha, beta, omega — it wouldn’t wouldn’t matter to her in the slightest what he is, so long as he wanted her back. He knows it's been cruel of him to string her along as he has, never confirming for her the one tiny detail that would have nipped her little crush on him in the bud once and for all. But his pride, vanity and selfishness had stopped him.
"John," he cries out urgently, reaching back to paw ineffectually in the direction of John's head. The alpha's hips falter as he too clearly arrives at the same realization.
John swallows and licks his lips before continuing haltingly, just as Sherlock attempts to cut him off.
“I spoke with Mummy yesterday,” Mycroft breaks the silence. “I couldn't help but note you haven't yet shared your happy announcement with her.”
did,” Eddie spits, his gaze trailing off toward the far reaches of the room unseeingly, his voice softening as he continues. “It wasn’t… it was never meant to be like this. She was never meant to be Philip’s; she was supposed to be
As if it weren’t already splendid enough as it is— if there's anything that could suitably distract John from his ridiculous goal, it’s a serial killer with a penchant for dismemberment and anatomical trophies.
Sherlock smiles up at John tremulously in response, even while, inside of him, his Omega deflates pitifully at John’s words.
“Always been able to keep myself distant…” He pauses to sip at the now-flat ginger ale before rambling onward. “To divorce myself from...
“Yes, you’re great. Now, I’ll be next door if you need me.” John laughs from above him softly, but there’s a strange edge to his voice.
“I’m a doctor,” John laughs, stroking Sherlock's hand reassuringly all the while. “He hasn’t been shot, he's just having a baby. Nothing to panic about.”
friendly enough, it's still the countryside, and the last thing he wants right now is to deal with some dramatic moralizing and being tossed out on their arses. He looks to Sherlock for help, only to find the berk has already wandered away to nose about the pub.
“Yes, he's been in touch.” Mycroft acknowledges sourly in reply. “Seems desperate for my attention,” his voice sinks, taking on a substantially more ominous air, “which I'm sure can be arranged.”
Little more than a week later, Sherlock even deigns to accompany him to Tesco’s to do the shopping- an event so rare that it was probably foretold by some long dead mystics- and when they return home, it’s to find a decidedly uninvited houseguest.
Then John appears in the kitchen doorway, hurriedly combing his fingers through his damp hair and looking hopeful. He’s dressed in a neat button down and his best jeans, and it’s then that Sherlock sourly recalls he’s headed on a
“Yeah!” She agrees, bobbing her head before she babbles on cheerily, “I think it's lovely that you’ve come down here in person before he passes over! Even his parents don't come visit anymore. His brother does; but well... Sherlock doesn’t appreciate that very much so...”
He stares at his reflection in the mirror, frowning at how ridiculous he looks in his latest ensemble. The oversized, broad-shouldered blazer hangs on his body awkwardly, making him look like nothing so much as a overdressed scarecrow. He shrugs out of it and throws it to the ground in frustration.
He springs from his seat and, crossing the room in two long strides, determinedly reaches for the doorknob. As he does, however, he vividly recalls the morning that his heat— and all it’s wonderfully disinhibiting hormones with it— had finally subsided. He freezes, his hand dropping to his side before he retreats back to the toilet. He sinks back down onto the lid, his heart squeezing in his chest at the memory of that morning, and their painfully stilted conversation over the breakfast table.
He trumpets to the room at large. “The particularly antiquated legal statute that allows the practice of employing an unrelated alpha to sire an heir upon an omega dependens.”
When the car shuttling the three of them away from Heathrow pulls up in front of Mycroft’s own townhome in Queen Anne’s Gate, Sherlock is momentarily surprised. Then, with a wince, he recalls the necessity for Mycroft to minimise the knowledge of his brother’s involvement in the situation as much as possible. When Mycroft shows them to the formal dining room, Sherlock plants himself in one of the armchairs by the fireplace to lick his wounds.
“I haven't seen him all night,” the bartender shakes his head, though at least he seems to know precisely who Sherlock is asking about. “You tried The Quagmire?”
unrelated Alpha in public. When their scents make it clear upon closer approach that they’re unbonded, the more conservative types shoot them scandalized grimaces over the fruit and veg.
“I beg your pardon?” Eddie blanches, aghast, placing his tea down on the tabletop with a shaking hand. But the look is too practiced and deliberate, a hint of panic underlying its surface. “I can’t believe that you would insinuate something so- so...
As John nears completion, he feels his knot swelling and dithers, slowing his hips. While he knows it to be his responsibility as an alpha to bond his omega to himself, he's never done before, and he hesitates to cause his lover any pain.
She excuses herself to the loo as soon as they get in, which gives him entirely too much time to fidget alone in her sitting room, desperately trying to ignore the leaden weight in his gut. He halfheartedly welcomes the snog she initiates when she finally joins him on the sofa, trying his damnedest to convince himself that the overwhelming sense of wrongness is nothing more than nerves.
astonishingly oblivious though he usually was— had noticed. When the DI had peered over the rim of his coffee cup to ask with a concerned frown if he felt unwell, Sherlock had accepted defeat. Having absolutely no desire in the slightest to elaborate upon his current state, he’d hastily made his excuses and fled, claiming a touch of flu, before the actual situation could become any more obvious.
“Yeah?” The corners of John's lips curl upward in a rakish smile and Sherlock stares, wondering if John's smile tastes any different. Utterly illogical —
He can see John retreating further and further into himself by the moment— his shoulders tensing and pulling together.
“Like that doesn't happen in every senior home already,” John scoffs. “The system's there for therapeutic reasons. Immersive nostalgia therapy. Plunge you into a world of memories. Helps with Alzheimer's- that's what they say at least.”
Despite his reservations, Sherlock manages to choke down the sandwich in record time, and they depart for New Scotland Yard in fairly short order. With no active crime scene to pick apart as of yet, they hole up in Lestrade’s office with the entirety of the case files instead.
A reasonable enough deduction actually; working with the limited data set of his knowledge as a medical professional and Sherlock’s personal history with narcotics.
“It’s for his own safety,” she bargains, plainly attempting to manipulate John by way of playing his protective instincts toward Sherlock against him.
“You want my fingers?” He asks, dipping the digits in question inside shallowly, the sound of his breath harsh in the quiet of the bedroom. Sherlock nods feverishly and squirms, not trusting his voice. The arousal is different now than it was during his heat — like the difference between being a bit squiffy and dead sober — but he still
at least,” Sherlock concedes with a mild grimace, determinedly ignoring the embarrassed flush he feels creeping up his cheeks. “I
Nevertheless, a momentary call to Mycroft, and immediate arrangements would be made for him to depart Baker Street, for just long enough to… resolve the issue. And then, upon his return, he could could resume life as usual, with John none the wiser.
While the hot water had beaten down on him in the shower, he’d painstakingly scrubbed two days of sweat and bodily fluids from his skin, and tried not to panic. He’d failed utterly. The preposterous idea he’d conjured up during his heat— of them establishing some sort of
“Condom?” John says, then after a beat, drops his head down onto Sherlock’s shoulder with groan. “You don’t have any, do you.”
“Yeah, okay,” John nods, “that’s fair. And if I can coax Sarah into keeping the results out of the system for the time being — buy us a bit of time?”
“Don’t be absurd,” he scolds John with mock seriousness as he bites into it with ravenous delight, barely managing to contain a moan of pleasure. It's remarkable how much better everything tastes during these brief lulls in his nausea.
“That’s all great,” John acknowledges. “Fantastic, really. You’ve been doing brilliant. But you’ll need to keep it up. This isn't something you can give up as a lark when it gets tedious; it’s a
John chuckles warmly and offers him another ice chip. Sherlock opens his mouth and accepts it gratefully, just as their sour-faced nurse bustles back into the room.
Sherlock spreads his legs welcomingly and John settles between them, with a contented sigh into Sherlock’s mouth. He reaches down between their bodies to guide himself into place, rubbing his cock over the wet slit a few times, before finally pushing forward to sink in with a deep groan.
“She wasn’t even a very good girlfriend to be honest. Always making little snide comments about how I wasn't very Alphalike. Not at all worth the split lip and black eye. I figured it wasn’t worth the fuss after that- it’s not as if I need a heat to get a leg over.” John twitches his shoulders against the duvet in a prone approximation of a shrug. “Besides which, with no Omegas in the Army, I hadn’t even
“I couldn’t’ve wished for a better first word, honey,” John quietened him. “The two people I love most in all of this world and they share a name for me.”
Sherlock had to be worried sick by now, probably running circles into the ground, blaming himself. God only knew what he would do.
“So, it’s most likely a stomach bug. Good call to get Rosie out of here.” Sherlock once again admired John’s ability to prioritize everyone else’s safety and well-being, even while vomiting his heart out.
“Because Greg invited us and I promised we’d show up,” John replied. “Besides, I couldn’t stand the thought of falling asleep on the sofa by 10 pm. It’s New Year’s Eve, after all. I just want to go out and feel young again, for one night, Sherlock. Lately, all I’ve been thinking about is nappies and teething and if Rosie should’ve started to walk by now. Dear God, I just want one night off, just getting a little drunk and talk to adults about adult stuff and be a little reckless and silly. So, can you, just for this one night, have a few drinks with me and chat with people without complaining? For me?”
He recalls the afternoon they spent at the florist all those months ago, looking at roses, lilies, and baby’s breath for the wedding. Mentioning his own floral preferences couldn’t have been more than a passing comment.
“What a pretty name! Hi, Rosie. I’m Kristen.” She took Rosie’s tiny hand and shook it. Facing John again, she added: “And you are?”
His mind is an ever-racing, ever-running machine, knowing neither rest nor closing time. Its lights are always blinking, engines always groaning, the conveyers transporting a ceaseless series of ideas from one hemisphere to the other through a maze of tangled synapses until they finally dump them into Sherlock’s consciousness.
A left, a left, a right, a leap through a gaping hole in a fence. Sherlock hasn’t tested the limits of his newly-gained stamina, and the bite on his side is burning.
If his disappearance after the wedding has proven one thing it’s that he can’t be relied upon. He’ll always be as volatile as any other force of nature.
“Sure. I can pick her up from daycare, too, if you want to,” he says, pleased to find that his voice doesn’t betray the jumble in his head.
On the worn-out sofa, they indeed found a girl, tightly rolled into a ball under one of the shock blankets. Her ginger hair blurred into the orange fabric and she looked distinctively pale under her freckles. Even while asleep, she had her brows knitted in worry.
Maybe Sherlock already figured it out by himself. He has been a little quieter lately, has even declined some of Lestrade’s—according to Sherlock, absolutely boring—cases to spend more time with Rosie.
Mrs Hudson fumbles with her buttons. “I’m just saying, I don’t have to go. We can postpone. I can stay.”
“Yes, obviously.” Sherlock rolls his eyes. The motion seems to worsen his dizziness, as Greg notes rather contentedly.
Held back by invisible chains, John halted again. Every inch of his being ached to step in, to walk up the stairs and be at ease again. Yet, the soldier within him knew that he was about to access unknown territory that called for caution. There might now lie landmines beneath those floors he had walked a thousand times, there might be spring-guns hidden behind curtains. Bracing himself by a deep breath, John entered the hallway. As he dragged the pushchair in behind him, Mrs. Hudson scurried from her own flat and greeted him with an expression on her face that tightened John’s chest.
Sherlock threw him a sharp glance. “—and b) who would go through the ordeal to drag his dead body all the way here and lean him against the shed. Have you seen the boy? He was, what, 6’, 6’1’’—and rather on the heavy side. Dragging him must’ve cost some effort. He was already dead. Why not just leave him in the dark garden and get away as fast as possible?”
“Sure.” Sherlock smiled, his mind instantly taking him to sweet tea and lush fields full of blooming flowers and bustling bees.
Sherlock’s face lights up. “A case! A case, of course. But which one? John usually chooses the most commonplace ones for his blog and he pads things with all this unnecessary drama and emotion.” He snorts indignantly. “For once, I could select one with actual features of interest, like that one with these extraordinary markings on the skull or that time we collected all these samples of—”
“I thought I’ve made myself clear, love: It was never about the cases. It’s always been you. I’d follow you anywhere, on a secret international spy mission or the dullest office job you can find. You’re not getting rid of me.”
“Oh, hi, Greg,” Sherlock said in an attempt to sound casual and forced himself to smile. It felt more like a grimace, unnatural and hollow. He just wanted to talk to Molly, the one person in front of whom he never needed to pretend to be bulletproof. Finding Lestrade here, now, in his state, was more than bothersome. Couldn’t his two friends have chosen a more convenient time to become a thing?
“How did he react?” asked Greg, the frown carved so deeply into his features that Sherlock doubted it would ever vanish again.
He needed some. Now. Gasping for breath, Sherlock jerked to a halt and looked around. He was standing on Vauxhall Bridge, the dark waters of the Thames gurgling beneath him. His whole body was aching, the icy air burning on his flushed face. He must’ve been running for at least half an hour to get here. Frantically, Sherlock padded himself down and let out a sigh of relief as he felt something in his coat pocket. He pulled out his phone and wallet. As if it had only waited for this clue, a nerve-wracking sequence of artificial sounds resounded throughout the dim glow of the lampposts and the phone’s screen lit up with one calamitous syllable: JOHN.
It was still early. The matutinal city, its busy buzzing subdued by the layers of snow the night had brought, seemed still fresh and full of promise. The clouds had vanished and given way to a blushing sun that coloured the sky and warmed John’s face through the window. He closed his eyes for a second, revelling in the relief that the new morning had broken eventually. Even a night like this couldn’t last forever.
Sherlock looks at the letter for a second. He’s written it weeks ago, has been poring over it ever since—and still can’t shake off the doubt.
His ears seem to ring with the unfamiliar chime until he’s not even sure he’s heard it anymore. Maybe he imagined it, his bored brain deciding to torture him with a reminder of his pathetic state.
Sherlock watched in surprise as John held the note carefully over the flame of the candle until it caught fire. He dropped it on their empty dessert plate where it crumbled to ashes in seconds. “I don’t want you to look at that ever again. I know I can’t undo the past that easily but I will spend my present and my future making up for it. If that is what you want.”
John carefully approached him, bare feet tapping on the kitchen floor, and wrapped his arms around his naked waist, believing for a second that his hands would just grasp thin air, a mirage. Sherlock startled a little as John’s fingers reached him but then leaned into the touch and slowly turned in his grasp until their bodies were aligned in a tight hug.
“Alright, alright,” Greg appeases him, rather taken aback by Sherlock’s reaction. “Let’s just do the rest of the speech then and come back to this point later, shall we?”
Are you still there? I really didn't mean to wait this long before posting again (felt like ages for me, at least) but I had work and some real trouble getting this chapter onto (digital) paper. I hope you are not disappointed with the result of my struggles :)
“And that he is the only one for whom I ever felt anything like this,” Sherlock added, his voice now so weighed down by guilt that it barely bridged the wooden table top between him and his friends.
overreaction, made Sherlock’s throat close up. All this damn sentiment clouding his judgement. He hadn’t wasted a single thought about the effect of the little phone-throwing incident. Of course, he knew or at least strongly suspected that Mycroft still kept tabs on him. That a loss of signal under such circumstances would rather sooner than later gain his attention was comprehensible but, still, annoying. And poorly timed. Mycroft’s presence would complicate matters even further. He had to get rid of his brother, now.
.” The sound of New Year’s cheers and glasses clinking together clogged the room as John and Sherlock stared at each other. Some version of
Initially, Sherlock had been determined to stay up all night in order to avoid the nightmares. According to Mrs. Hudson’s insistent assertions, his screams never failed to reach her flat, so, they would most certainly wake John and Rosie sleeping in closer proximity. He had retreated to his room to give John some peace and quiet, lain on his bed and wandered around in his mind palace to keep himself occupied for a few hours. His plan hadn’t quite worked as anticipated. Sherlock scolded himself for his lack of self-control. His transport had betrayed him once more and fallen asleep without his permission. And now John knew.
Lestrade continued the questioning but neither Mr. nor Mrs. Rowley produced anything useful. Apparently, Cal only came home every once in a while. His parents didn’t know where he spent his nights, where he worked, if he had known Jason.
Once again, Greg shifts his weight as if standing on one particular spot for too long would burn his feet. For a beat, he eyes John with such intensity that he feels his face heat up.
In light of this new, almost mindful Sherlock, John’s and Rosie’s return to 221B Baker Street had been a breeze. As soon as John set foot into 221B later that remarkable November day, he knew that things were going to be okay. Being back in one flat with Sherlock felt like lapsing into a hot bath after being outside in the cold for far too long; the tension immediately drained out of them both as they relaxed into what seemed nothing short of their natural habitat. From this point on, everything around them just flowed smoothly; The lease on the house John had lived in with Mary could be terminated remarkably fast although John suspected that Mycroft had pulled some strings in that matter. In one of the most ridiculous and blissful afternoons of John’s entire life, they had painted Rosie’s nursery in a light daffodil yellow and Sherlock had singlehandedly fixed a bordure of cute little bumblebees to the wall. Even the issue of the shared bedroom had resolved itself.
He blinked rapidly at John who, in return, gave him a slightly concerned look and placed a tender hand on Sherlock’s forearm. His muscles twitched involuntarily under the touch, making John retreat his comforting fingers in an instant. Sherlock winced even more at the loss of warmth on his arm and reached suppliantly for John’s hand—in vain. At this very moment, Angelo’s chunky figure approaching their table attracted John’s attention.
“Please tell me we’re not that soppy,” John said, his fingers instinctively finding Sherlock’s to betray his words.
Through the daze of his dizzy brain, Sherlock sees John’s face shining down at him. “What now?” he asks, still slightly out of breath.
John’s smile broadens. He brings one of his hands up and dries his face with his sleeve. “I love you, too, you know, I really do. You amazing, fantastic, infuriating human being, I love you.”
“We were obligated to transfer him to a psychiatric facility, suicide watch and everything. But someone pulled some strings”—he gave Sherlock a less than subtle side look—”and managed to get him into one of the… private establishments instead of the state-issued ones. He’ll have some time to calm down there, get a psych eval, and then set things straight before his trial. Someone already stood bail for him.”
“I know.” John licked his lips as he watched Sherlock drink, waiting for his judgement. This habit of his never ceased to confuse Sherlock. Did John even know that his tongue often slipped out like this when he looked at him? At the sight, Sherlock’s skin began to prickle as if his blood had been carbonated as well. He gave John an approving nod and diverted his gaze back to Stella and Marcus.
The blood pooling in his groin had already risen to almost unbearable temperatures. His whole body was smoldering, torrid, parched by the sun that was John. He was seconds away from igniting, combusting under John’s skilled strokes. The passion of their kisses, interrupted by positively filthy noises, only added fuel to the raging inferno beneath Sherlock’s skin. Every grip of John’s hand, every graze of his teeth—placed with surgical precision—poured another gallon of gasoline into his bloodstream.
Sherlock gravely shakes his head. “I honestly don’t think your relationship with Mr Chatterjee would survive any delay of your romantic getaway. Even taken this weekend at a lovely, little bed and breakfast into account, chances are you will break up within the next two months.”
“We’re not gonna investigate anything further this evening. What does it matter if you’re slowed down at night?”
“Well, what is she saying then? It wasn’t Dada or Daddy or Papa or anything,” John said, shrugging and feeling a little knot form in his guts. He really ought to spend more time with his daughter. Maybe then he would be important enough in her life to be her first word.
John’s face lit up even more. “I’m sorry to have left you in the dark for so long, us both actually. I thought it was time to turn the lights on. No more hiding in the shadows, no more disguises, no more covers. I want to see you.”
“Are you still on for watching her on Tuesday?” John asks as he re-enters the kitchen and picks up Rosie’s diaper bag, unaware of Sherlock’s doings.
“If you’re going out, would you mind calling at a chemist to… get some stuff?” Sherlock asked, audibly catching his breath, pupils blown wide and cheeks flushed with arousal.
“You go get ready, I’ll take care of her,” John said with a deflated smile and Sherlock scattered off to the bathroom.
After a beat, John began stroking his side, voice once again lowered to that soft, soothing purr: “We could both… take care of it ourselves, maybe just watch each other?”
“Hey, why am I the one getting twirled around, by the way?” John complained, pinching Sherlock slightly as they continued dancing.
And yet, Sherlock has still risked it all, has put his fragile, little heart out there, hidden so long from the world’s callous touch, and offered John to leave his mark.
Sherlock gestured over to the hedge guarding the property. Something was rustling in them. Next to him, John fell silent as abruptly as if someone had pressed a mute button. Everything was perfectly still. Then, the rustling resumed, more forcefully this time.
He pressed his eyes closed, not wanting to let the disenchanting truth seep in; There was no one by his side to hold him like this. The bed beside him was empty and the slowly heaving breast on which his head rested was nothing more than his own pillow, saturated by the fantasies of a deprived brain and body. Sherlock was once more impressed by his own mental capabilities. This felt incredibly real. And pretending that it was a few minutes longer wouldn’t hurt anyone, would it?
“Your John? That is more than good enough for me.” John’s voice, as soft as the thickening snowfall, echoed in Sherlock’s ears, the only sound still audible, the only one that mattered. “Do you know… I’ve always hated my name except when you say it… the way you pronounce it—it always makes it sound so special.”
“I’ll never get that picture out of my head again!” Sherlock roared with laughter, only spurred on by John’s embarrassment. His amusement, however, didn’t deter him from memorizing every single detail about the body on the screen, wondering if John looked anything like him. From that moment on, he followed the film with much more enthusiasm.
“Oh God, John, yes,” he moaned in a dark, husky voice, being rewarded by another shiver that visibly made its way down the other man’s spine. Maybe he really was a natural, Sherlock pondered, at least when it came to arousing John,
“But you don’t feel things like that.” John’s voice was barely audible. Sherlock had never seen him look this small.
“It bloody isn’t,” John snivels into his shirt. “It’s the furthest fucking thing from okay. No, no, it’s not—it’s not okay.”
The waiter brought their drinks, interrupting John’s expectant hush. After John had tasted the wine and the waiter had left again, Sherlock finally took a deep breath and forced out a single sentence: “I would like that.”
Still, he decides to make use of the agreeable weather and walk. It’s quite a significant distance he has to cover, at least an hour on foot, but it’s not like he’s got anywhere else to be.
For a moment, Sherlock was sure that unconsciousness would overwhelm him once more—too intense was this divine sensation, too heavenly for a mortal to experience. How could one human heart handle such colossal amounts of love? And if he was to be ground by the sheer weight of such affection, pulverised, atomised—Sherlock would happily accept his fate as long as John was with him. As long as John would stay.
“You fainted.” John couldn’t stop a smirk forming around his mouth despite his worry. “When was the last time you ate anything?”
She is so soft, so warm, so perfect. Sometimes, John can’t fathom his love for her. It’s almost frightening in its intensity and of a different colour than everything he’s ever felt before, like a new lens slid over his vision.
He had known at that moment, he suspected now, when they had returned to Baker Street, chests heaving with heavy breaths and completely inappropriate giggles. That had been the moment, the moment he had fallen in love with John. He had never stood a chance really, had been drawn in from the very first second he had lain eyes on the pretty soldier, the real-life hero, the war-addict. No, he hadn’t stood a chance to not fall for John Watson. And now, finally, eight years later, he was still not done falling, but John was there to catch him.
And it certainly wouldn’t measure up to John’s reputation. After all, he’s supposed to be the romantic.
At half past five, he couldn’t stand it any longer. With as little noise as possible, he got up, folded the sheets to a neat pile, and put his greatcoat and shoes back on. A faint snore came from the bedroom but nothing else disturbed the silence. Molly and Greg were both fast asleep. Sherlock tiptoed to the front door and closed it carefully behind him. It was well before dawn and the night enveloped him in gracious darkness. He had to walk quite a bit to one of the busier streets to finally get a cab.
“Sherlock?” Mary asks with raised brows and John’s stomach drops. The name alone seems to be enough to short his nervous system.
Sherlock broke the silence by setting down his cup and saying: “Don’t you want to take your clothes off?”
The laptop boots up with a tired hum and John uses the waiting time to take a greedy gulp of his whiskey.
Shoes and shirts and trousers land on the floor down the hallway as they stumble toward Sherlock’s bedroom.
“But that’s just it, isn’t it, John. In ten minutes, you'll have left, and I have to wait a week just to see you again.”
“It’s cold,” he defends weakly, a flush of heat warming his cheeks. It's humiliating how, despite his logical mind, as the pregnancy continues he’s more and more often helpless against these sudden flares of instinctual Omega response.
” He announces urgently to John as he swings the door open and ducks in one smooth move. From the corner of his eye, he sees John hit the floor safely
Sherlock clears his throat, which suddenly seems dry and parched, and tries again. “I may have neglected to share some relevant news with you regarding my… current condition.”
“The testing will have to be fairly thorough though,” John adds with a frown. “Since the brothers have both the same carrier and sire, the lab needs to know to check a wider selection of markers than usual, or the test could prove inconclusive.”
It's a two for one weekend! Since I took far, far longer with this installment than I'd ever meant to, I've decided not to hold off with this final chapter. Miss_Communication delivered a lightening-fast beta on this one for me so that I could get this up tonight, so three cheers for her! Any remaining errors/gross grammatical offenses are mine and mine alone.
” He gestures to the array of brightly-coloured pages. “It accounts for nearly every moment of her day, and is fully accessible by her husband, his brother, and the entire staff? That’s not for the sake of
“Deny it all you like Dr. Watson; you wish that he belonged to you. But he doesn’t. And frankly, even if he
of this is obvious, mate.” Lestrade scoffs good naturedly up at him. “And I know it’s not really your area, but people
As he’d exited the bath and returned to his bedroom to dress himself, he’d carefully constructed a simple, forthright statement of reassurance:
Later that afternoon, in the car on the way to the base, John scents the air discreetly, and his nose wrinkles with distaste. “Oh, I thought you hired the car- you never said it was Mycroft's.”
“Sherlock,” John scolds, staying him with a gentle touch to his forearm. “Don’t be ridiculous. You’re not going anywhere in this state. I’m sure there’s just a bit of a misunderstanding. We’ll get this sorted and— “
“I do believe that was implied by my hesitation to inform you.” Sherlock’s tone is his usual arrogant drawl, but his posture is forced and there’s a lingering tremor in his hands that he tries to disguise by clutching at his armrests. When his voice cracks slightly as he continues on, John’s observed all he that needs. “It’s a marvelous scientific opportunity that should no
He shouts, bending forward to cradle his head in his hands and tug ruthlessly at his hair. The older woman sitting across from him startles, shooting him a scandalized look across the carriage. “Sorry, sorry,” he offers, shamefaced, before he gets up and makes his way up the aisle to wait by the doors as they arrive at the next station.
Mike Stamford, on the other hand, is just as cheerful and gregarious as he always was in uni (if a bit rounder). They buy coffee from the small stand at the end of the path, then settle in on a park bench to chat. Mike is still at Bart’s, having made the transition over the years from student to teacher.
“No, I'm, uh- I'm engaged. I have a fiancé. She's called Molly.” Sherlock explains in a rush, and John frowns at him in bewilderment, casting an eye about as if Molly might pop out from behind one of the cars parked nearby at any moment.
So he finds himself wandering the back corridors of the Argyll Rooms, to avoid the inane tittering near the entrance; where the bulk of the guests preen over the cleverness of their costumes, and try to surmise which Raja is actually a Duke, or shepherdess a certain dowager countess making the most of her widowhood. Towards the end of the corridor, he catches the faintly spicy scent of an omega’s perfume. As he rounds the corner, he comes across a tall, lithe figure swathed in a swirling, feathered domino of all black; fidgeting with their bejeweled mask in the shadows.
”Look Mycroft," John begins hesitantly, "I understand that you're worried. I do. But it’s going to be just fine. People all over the world do this every day, and they're not even Sherlock Holmes. And besides, he has me, doesn’t he?” John twitches a fond smile at Sherlock over the rim of his mug as he finishes off his tea.
It really would be an ideal solution come to think of it— if John weren’t so determinedly inclined toward females.
For the best, in any case, as the last thing that he needed was having to fend off the bungling advances of the any of obnoxious Alphas or the Beta males that the yard was positively teeming with. He'd much rather hole up at a Baker Street to wait out the the entire bothersome affair privately. He had several experiments on the go that he’d been meaning to attend to, and this was a good a reason as any.
And really, he can’t help but be honestly quite impressed. It’s a rare occasion for anyone to successfully manage to trick
Both summary justice for the ill treatment of Mrs. Hudson, and a cathartic release for all his recently pent up frustrations. Even John's arrival doesn't dampen his enjoyment of it in the slightest. It's reassuring on a primal level to know that, even now, despite of the diminutive stowaway inside of him, he's still perfectly capable of defending his territory.
. At this rate, he’s beginning to believe they may just carry on as such right up until the moment he delivers the child. The Omega in him tries not to feel slighted by the implied lack of notice from his Alpha, especially given that it works so well to his advantage, but it regardless of the attempt it still smarts.
but it’s going to waste. “It’s the new sexy,” he parrots her own words back at her sarcastically, and
Clearly put out by not being the centre of attention, Irene pipes up from her post over the remaining Beta. Keeping her pistol unwaveringly trained on the unconscious man, she grins wolfishly in Sherlock’s direction.
