"Have you heard of strutters?" he asked them.
It had been such a good dream. He closed his eyes for another blink and could still feel the warmth of Steve's arms around him, see the clear skies all around them beyond the windows of—
"Do you think he might've made it?" Bucky asked, his voice subdued.
Tony tensed up as well, ready to leap into action, when Big Guy suddenly grunted and let go of him. When Tony took a glance over his shoulder, he saw that the cuff of the thug's sleeve had somehow caught fire.
Wait, again. Steve hated it, but there wasn't much else to do. Clint promised to check in an hour later and see where they stood, leaving Steve and the others to it: waiting and trying to think of what options they might have.
He couldn't just wait and do nothing.
Transfers were a delicate business, and it made sense to avoid sudden shocks immediately after one, but this was a level of silk-gloved treatment that he wasn't used to. He pushed aside the blanket—finding that he was wearing navy blue boxers which looked like they might be made of real silk—and got off the bed. His feet felt a little tingly, but his legs held his weight without problems. The floor beneath his soles had a  warm, pleasant, velvety surface, further adding to the impression of luxury surrounding him.
Bucky scoffed. "When
"That damn artifact that he's got, that's what happened! He shouldn't have it in the first place. It doesn't belong to him. The boss paid good money for it," the man explained, gesturing irately with his uninjured left hand as he spoke. "He said he wanted to talk, but then he didn't want to negotiate. The bastard. I hope he burns himself to a crisp."
"Wait, how is this now about us?" Tony asked.
What surfaced was admiration and yearning, and warmth unlike Tony could ever have imagined. It was different from the furtive glimpses into Steve's mind that he'd had before, as if he'd always been eavesdropping and now they were finally in the same room, face to face, and he could hear everything the way it was meant to be. Steve's feelings weren't exactly the same as Tony's, a different color, a different timbre, but there was no mistaking what this was: Steve didn't hate him. More like the opposite.
Steve suspected Rhodes could move fairly fast even in a wheelchair, but he didn't stay and wait to find out; there was no time to waste. He ran towards Tony's 'shop, doing his best to push away the thoughts of worst case scenarios, of finding Tony lifeless, unseeing eyes staring at him accusingly because he'd not flown over sooner.
"You should at least talk to him, Tony," Pepper called out after him.
A companion. This android is practically offering himself to Tony. He struggles to brush aside all the dirty thoughts that brings up. They're wrong on so many levels.
Seren made a non-verbal growl, half shocked, half frustrated, and said nothing else.
"Sorry it took me so long," Steve says, moving his hand to cup Tony's face, his thumb brushing Tony's cheek. "I'll be back in a moment. I just need to make sure this scumbag doesn't try anything."
Steve swore under his breath. Everything had been going so well so far. It hadn't crossed their minds that the Northerners might be so paranoid as to have doors that couldn't be opened from the outside at all.
Pepper's eyes went wide. "Natalie? I did think she seemed a little shady, but I had no idea! Is that where you were yesterday, when I couldn't reach you? Talking to them?"
If this was true, and if Steve was out there, somewhere, then Bucky needed to get to him and help him. And even if he wasn't, if he was truly dead and gone, Bucky knew what Steve would do in his situation. He would stand with the resistance against these reptilian oppressors.
Tony turned to look at him, and all of a sudden, the air was electric with anticipation. "Or you could stay," he said hopefully, and patted the mattress next to him. "It's better for me if you stick around, you know. Scientifically proven fact."
That only made Bruce look more upset. "It also has the side effect of making people spontaneously combust! I don't know who this mysterious match of yours is, but they're not worth killing yourself over."
Tony gave him a rueful smile. "Well, I've had my share of bad dreams, and let me tell you, aging doesn't help. You want something for it? I've got street-level drugs that'll knock you right out, and some more sophisticated stuff that Pepper and Rhodey have smuggled from up top," he offered.
Sam has looked already, and it's not good; it's like Steve's mind has shut down, leaving nothing but the minimal required brain activity to keep his body alive.
He had the conversation he hadn't had with Steve in his mind, several times.
Tony raised his head from Steve's shoulder. "Huh. I guess you didn't."
He stops again and tries to call out for Steve, but his voice is too hoarse to carry over the wind.
It was definitely looking more and more like this trap had something to do with Maya, beyond the fact that her name had been on that note—how else would these thugs even know about the expedition? It hadn't exactly been front page news. But somehow, they'd gotten it wrong. Tony hadn't brought as much as a fragment of an artifact home with him. They'd left the cavern with the Fountain in ruins; it had very nearly become Tony's grave. No one would be able to get anything out of there without a massive digging operation, if even then, and that was for the best.
Right now, they stood facing the windows of their guest room in Thermala, one of the high cities close to the summits of the mountain range, and in front of them opened a view that would put the Alps to shame. The mountains were mostly covered in snow, the azure late morning sky above them bright and cloudless. There were no dinosaurs roaming the landscape, since this was one of the few regions on the island where they didn't thrive. Instead, Steve could spot a pair of woolly mammoths making their way across the mountainside, laden with crates, no doubt transporting some of the handcrafted products the city traded with the lowlands for food and other necessities.
"Damn it," Steve swore, slamming his hand on the desk, making Bucky's book jump an inch. He'd been hoping he could talk to Simon today, and perhaps get another perspective on that unlucky expedition. "What about the good news?"
"It was not my first kiss since 1945. I'm ninety-five, not dead," Steve told Natasha, letting his eyes leave the road ahead for long enough to give her a sideways glance.
"What's the fastest way to get from here to Cornucopia?" Steve asked. He hadn't been to that town yet, but he had memorized the map of the island. The place was in the northwest, more than a hundred miles away from Canyon City, with the Forbidden Mountains and the jungle of the Rainy Basin in between.
That's when the penny drops, and it all suddenly makes sense to Sam. He feels like he's been a fool. The snow, the ice, the cold. The way Steve had been frozen for decades before SHIELD found him.
"Give him no food or water until I say so," the Mayor added.
Steve wasn't too surprised; he hadn't expected to find Tony in a place that he walked into on a whim. "That's all right. I'm not sure where he's staying, just that he should be in the area. You wouldn't happen to have any idea of what other hotels are nearby?"
"Will you let me drive this time?" Tony asked. Standing next to Steve's bike, with his hands in the pockets of his retro lab-leather jacket, he certainly matched in style.
Tony wakes up without a clue of where he is, and only a very vague idea of how he ended up there.
When the huge plush creature that looked disturbingly like Tony had taken Steve away, he’d hoped for the best and feared the worst. These giant, fluffy, cylindrical versions of them didn’t seem malicious, but they were so deeply alien, it was difficult to know what to expect.
They took off with Steve at the controls, Tony right behind him, arms around his waist. Once they'd cleared the garage, Steve dipped the nose of his bike into a steeply descending trajectory, dropping from the high levels occupied by SHIELD HQ towards his apartment on the 55th floor of a large residential complex.
"Maybe he was," the man admitted, "but that's none of your business. He wanted a word with the boss, I arranged that for him. If I'd known how that'd go, I would've thought twice about it."
Disappointed but not too surprised, Steve starts making his way back, picking a different route up, still looking around as he goes.
And most importantly, was there, somewhere, hidden among the three billion base pairs, a particular sequence that was also in Tony's genome, the one could blame for his misery?
Steve expected Tony to return to bed after he'd hung up. Instead, he heard the sound of a door opening and closing. It was to the right, so that would be the bathroom door, not the one leading to the corridor.
The most challenging part would be once they reached the dungeons. They didn't know the layout of the tunnels or where to find Tony there, so they'd just have to improvise. The longer they had to spend looking for him, the more likely they were to be detected.
He wasn't entirely sure why he was so sick, wasn't sure what was happening to him, but he remembered it was important not to let anyone interfere.
They'd almost made it through the complex to the garage when they ran into someone who did recognize Steve, even in this new frame—unsurprisingly so, since she was the one who had briefed him.
They really had played their cards well in this, putting Stark Industries in prime position to become the market leader in a new burgeoning field.
As he went through the motions, Steve carefully observed the room around him and his transfer nurse. The obvious conclusion about the place was that it had to be a private clinic, and an expensive one, too. He had no clue why he would be in one. He couldn't imagine his captors choosing to give him the VIP treatment, which suggested they might not be behind this. Nevertheless, the situation made him uneasy. He hated not knowing what was going on, or why, especially with his last memories being what they were.
"Just a beer for me, please," Steve replied.
"Any other potential suspects aside from the two of them?" Steve asked.
The program started spitting out lines with information about the intermediary steps it was running. Tony could've figured out what they meant if he'd cared. He didn't.
From his own perspective, Tony must've been thinking he was doing Steve a favor, making him better. Using his money to fix what had not been broken in the first place.
He left the cover of the trees, raising his hands in surrender as he approached the bandits.
"I'm honored you trust me so much," Bucky said.
After a few delicious passes back and forth, Tony let Steve's cock slip out of his mouth, looking up at him again, licking his lips. "Like that?"
"I knew that," Steve said. They'd been counting on it for some parts of their unsuccessful plan, after all. The idea of getting it on next door to the frame transfer room still felt like some kind of transgression, but maybe that'd give it an edge of added excitement. As if they'd need one.
Tony sits down by the unmoving figure, setting the battery on the ground next to him.
"I'm going to suggest something," Steve said, acting on a spur of the moment thought that might be a bad idea, or a very good one.
"Is it going to be dangerous?" Steve asked.
He set Tony down on the bed, pushing him flat on his back on the thin mattress, and quickly got rid of Tony's briefs. Freed of them, Tony's cock stood up against his stomach, uncut, smooth, as gorgeous as the rest of him. Steve sat between his legs and ran his fingers over it, exploring. It was like touching something that'd been soaking up sunlight all day, almost hot enough to make him reflexively pull back his hand. Steve supposed his fingers would feel cool to Tony. Tony certainly felt the touch, shivering at it and bucking his hips, trying to thrust against Steve's hand.
"No, that's fine." Steve appreciated the gesture, but wasn't in the mood for pleasantries, not after a morning that so far hadn't been very successful. "What you could do is go get that guest list for the party that I asked for, if you have one."
"Look, I know you're new to this, and I know the Mayor and I don't always see eye to eye on things, but let's make one thing clear. This here," Rumlow said, and grabbed the back of Stark's shirt to twist him around roughly so he was facing Bucky, "is not a good person. Stark's the enemy," he spoke, as if Stark couldn't actually hear and understand every word. "And not just any enemy, but worse than most, because he's smart. He'll take whatever you tell him and use it against you. He'll try to get under your skin, and if you're not careful, he'll have you working for him instead of us. So, if you must handle him with kid gloves, fine, but don't fall for his tricks."
The Kingpin's expression was skeptical, but he let Maya continue.
Steve sat back, his eyes fixed on Tony's, and took Tony's hands in his. "You're not going to harm them." There was no trace of uncertainty in his voice; clearly, from his point of view, he wasn't trying to reassure Tony, but simply stating a fact. "We've been over this. Every time you've lost control, you've been injured yourself. That's not going to happen here. You're perfectly safe, and so is everyone else."
Steve had to do something, even though he knew it was probably too late by now. He took a deep gulp of air and bowed closer to Tony again, pinching Tony's nostrils closed and pressing his lips against Tony's, trying to breathe life back into his still lungs.
Steve crosses his arms. "I was," he says. There might be a bitter note to his voice. "Just call me Steve."
"No, Tony, wait," Steve said, getting up as well. "Look. It's not like that. I've just got a lot on my mind right now, okay? This isn't a good time for this conversation. Tomorrow's mission is kind of important." That was a white lie; there shouldn't be anything special about it, except that after Peggy's warning, it seemed like there might be. "Any chance I could take a rain check on this conversation and get back to you later? Maybe when I'm back in my own body?"
Eventually, he gives up, gets out of bed, and goes to his 'shop to see if distracting himself with the armor might help this time. It's a moderate success, considering that he wakes up several hours later slumped over a workbench.
The thought of nice sturdy walls around him and the prospect of getting out of this miserable middle-of-nowhere are what keeps him pushing onwards.
"I doubt there are many who haven't," Tony said, like that was the most obvious thing in the world. "Your costume doesn't exactly hide your body, you know. Peak human perfection—makes one wonder whether that applies to every part of you. I guess I already got the answer. It was obvious there was something unusual about you, that night."
"You don't know how many people you're facing or what resources they have. I know you're worried about what they might do. Otherwise you'd just have killed Tony, instead of sending that ultimatum to Pepper. Just let him go, Stane," Steve pleaded.
There was no more spark of hope inside Tony's chest, just cold, dead metal. He should've chosen his words better, and now it was too late.
Tony's new clone was picture-perfect. The regular cloning process produced a body that was genetically identical to the original it was based on, but in the past, there had always been imperfections—things like moles and birthmarks that wouldn't be in the same places. Not anymore, it seemed. Every detail on the hairless skin of his upper body was exactly as Steve remembered. He bent to kiss a mole that was just below Tony's collarbone, and then another, lower, on his side.
All in all, Steve had clearly made the right call in hurrying over to see the fire first-hand. He had a number of new clues to follow, and two possible lines of inquiry: he could either look into Maya Hansen, the historian whose apartment was now in ruin, or Suave Simon, the mobster who might or might not have been involved in burning it. Unfortunately, both of these approaches seemed to lead him further from Tony, and from the mysterious burning man—the two people Steve was really interested in.
Steve spat in his face. It was worth it, even though the sudden movement made the tip of the blade pierce his skin. It was only a scratch, anyway. There would be far worse to come.
The next thing he knew was a sharp pinch at his shoulder: the tips of Seren's claws piercing the fabric of his shirt.
That was disappointing, but also not particularly surprising, considering her apartment had just burned down. "Is it typical for her to be so scarce?"
"I was going to ask you that," Steve said. "But first, how about you tell me who you are?"
Steve turned the first one around. On the flip side was a note: "Steve, I said I had secrets. Well, here's one: Ed isn't my first name. If you still want to see me again, give me a ring."
He got no response.
"Leave it, Buck!" Steve shouted. Bucky could barely make out what he was saying over the howling wind, but even though his next sentence was lost under the noise, the intention was clear. Steve thought they didn't have a chance. He wanted them to jump.
"Oh? Oh, dear. I didn't know that," Pepper said, clearly shocked by this news. "It really looks like it all revolves around Tony and the expedition, doesn't it? That can't be a coincidence."
Maybe the real Tony was dead, just like most of the people Steve had known and cared about.
Only one layer of feelings, not two.
He heads up the nearest hill, swearing under his breath, telling himself that every painful step brings him closer to home. He pictures himself reaching the top and seeing the big lake and the hut in the next valley.
It doesn't make any sense. CyberLife has a catalogue that, according to their own description, includes every android they've ever produced, and none of them match the one Tony's looking for. He goes through every single combat and security model there is, and none have the exact specifications that he's so intimately familiar with after taking apart his nameless savior.
He knew this wasn't real, and he tried to keep focused on that, like he'd been taught in his SHIELD training. Whatever he felt, his frame wouldn't be injured. Unfortunately, it was difficult to think of the outside world as a safe and stabilizing anchor when he knew that it was everything but safe, and that he was almost as trapped there as he was here. Of course, there was the resistance—but he shouldn't think about them now. He couldn't expose them. If he told Tony, then Tony would tell Hydra. Which, no. He wasn't going to break and tell about them. Never.
Technically, the only reasons anyone was allowed to access the database outside of routine matching runs were troubleshooting and research. Then again, he wasn't actually planning on doing anything illegal. If Steve had given permission to include his information in the database for matching purposes, it would get tested against every new database entry. Tony was just going to run yet another round of testing.
He imagines this whole outdoor adventure thing could be fun if he were here with someone he likes spending time with. Pepper or Rhodey, for example. With Pepper, they could mutually bond about the many things that suck, maybe even cuddle to stay warm. Rhodey might actually like it out here—except that his legs will need a lot more work before he can handle terrain like this again.
"She's starting to get on my nerves," the man with the rifle complained, aiming its barrel at her.
It went on until Steve thought his whole body must be an open wound, every square centimeter covered in blood, his mind starting to fade with the loss of it. He welcomed that. He had no need to fight unconsciousness.
"Barely," Tony replied, and climbed up along Steve's body to reach for the nightstand. When he backed up to sit on top of Steve's thighs again, he was holding a bottle of lube. "So, here's the plan: you're going to demonstrate your manual dexterity by working me open, and then I'll ride that pretty cock of yours to see if it feels as good as it looks. How's that?"
haven't?" the man growled back at Steve. He didn't seem intimidated. Instead, he looked like Steve's words had pushed him over some edge, anger flaring in his eyes. He pulled his right hand out of his pocket. Steve let go of him, getting ready to knock out whatever weapon he'd produce, but there wasn't one; he simply raised the hand in front of him, showing that it was covered in bandages, like a thick white mitten. "Burns. Courtesy of your buddy Stark. Talking about nerves, don't know if all the feeling will ever come back properly."
"None of that was your fault." Steve was surprised to hear Tony had even thought that, the carefree young man that he'd been. Then again, their last conversation had already told Steve that he'd misread Tony on many things.
"I'm sure he would've, if we hadn't been covering for you. See, we've been broadcasting a false signal matching yours since you left the station," Natasha explained. "I saw the specs for your frame. We know what surveillance Tony's got on you."
"Coming to terms with it isn't easy," Steve continued, "and it takes time. I'm not sure if I've had enough of it myself. Sometimes I still feel as if I'm trapped in someone else's body, living someone else's life. I also don't know what my future will bring, in a year or five, but recently, I've started looking forward to it a whole lot more than I used to." He spoke the last sentence softly, looking deep into Tony's eyes, and when he fell quiet, a tender smile lingered on his lips.
"Maybe so, but that doesn't have to mean we should stop trying," Natasha said.
"No, I didn't know him, I just read his stories. He was a celebrity, and then he went missing. I guess that's when he ended up here," Bucky said.
"Now, now, Cap, let's not get all agitated," Ultron said patronizingly.
He stepped in, trying his best to look like he was just there looking for a bite to eat. It was dinner time, anyway.
Tony grinned at him. "I thought you'd never ask. Let's go. This crypt gives me the creeps."
"And one mouthful was enough to turn that man into a fire-breathing monster," Tony spoke up again, his tone reproachful.
He wouldn't think of how trapped he was. He was exactly where he wanted to be. This was going according to plan. He squared his jaw and stared at the matte gray walls.
He doesn't want Yinsen here. He feels awkward enough about this without someone watching over his shoulder.
“You’re the genius,” Steve said with a shrug.
Steve switched off the lights, walked over to the bed, and settled under his blanket.
There were very few people Steve would allow to see him when he was like this, but here was one of them. Iron Man, his first and best friend in the future. The one he'd wished, once upon a time, he could be more than friends with, but when he'd taken the bold step and actually asked him, those dreams had been instantly crushed. Iron Man had said that he would love nothing more, but he couldn't. His secret identity was too important to him. He couldn't get involved. Not ever. Not even with Steve.
Tony raised his eyebrows in disbelief. "Really?"
Tony could've laughed. "That makes two of us."
"A part of it," Tony says. Surprisingly enough, although it's been a few days, Kamski still hasn't contacted Tony to talk about the rest of their deal. Tony isn't going to take the first step when it comes to that.
"Yes, yes, me too." The fingers of Tony's free hand captured Steve's nipple, adding yet another bright flare of pleasure to the mix. "Don't hold back, Steve. Let go. Come for me," he coaxed, his grip on their cocks growing tighter, his strokes more vigorous again.
He'd called Tony's number before, of course; he'd just always done that as Captain America. In fact, the last time had only been some hours ago when he'd contacted Jarvis to check if they'd heard from Tony, and Jarvis had said that they hadn't.
"I will. I'll be looking forward to it," Steve says, and because he's Steve, he sounds like he means it.
For the first few times Steve fights by Tony's side, he goes out dressed in dark fatigues and a mask to cover his features and the LED that marks him as an android. It doesn't sit right by Tony, so he makes Steve a uniform: a modernized take on the suit of the hero SR100 is based on, with advanced composite material to protect him from bullets and a cowl-like helmet to hide his face. He recreates Cap's shield for Steve, as well, and Steve is a holy terror with it, since regardless of all the additional fighting skills he was given, the shield is what he learned about first from all the historical materials about the man he was modeled after.
Steve placed his other hand on Tony's other shoulder, and pressed his lips against Tony's in a soft, lingering kiss. As always, Tony relished the cool touch and the fearless, unhesitating way Steve faced him.
"No, I'm fine," Steve assured him.
That was a promise on its own: that there would be other times. Maybe one day, Iron Man would strip more of that armor and let Steve explore his body the way he'd explored Steve's tonight. Maybe one day, he'd let Steve see his face.
Tony shrugged and gave a lopsided grin. "Nothing like an old-fashioned human touch."
Tony, who has closed his eyes for a moment, opens them again with a frustrated look on his face. "This is ridiculous, I literally just woke up. And the hard part—that's obviously the small zoo's worth of elephants in the room."
As soon as she'd said the name, it made sense. It was disgusting and disappointing, and yet, it wasn't surprising in the least. Of course it had been Tony. Tony, who had always loved seeing him in buff frames; Tony, who had, on the last night of Steve's past life, confessed his feelings and started talking about maybe getting together while Steve was in his own body. Clearly, he hadn't been that fond of Steve's own body, after all. His face, maybe, but the rest of it, not so much.
At the last minute, he tried to call Pepper, but she didn't pick up. He wasn't too surprised. Instead, he was relieved. He wasn't sure what he would've said, anyway. Pepper had Happy now, and they were happily matched; confessing those feelings Tony had never told her about as his last words wouldn't make anyone feel better about anything.
"Honestly, it's no big deal, but I'll just… I'll go get started on breakfast," Tony said, with a nod towards the tent flap, which Steve probably didn't even see.
"Huh, you talked to Jim about it?" Tony said, clearly taken aback. "What did he say, then?"
"No," Steve said. It came out sounding almost like a sob.
There probably wouldn't be any point to it anymore, but he'd be damned if he didn't when Tony had asked him to. The hour wasn't too late, yet, just past nine. Steve got up, his drink forgotten, and walked over to the pay phone across the room.
"No, there isn't, but tell you what," Tony began, and shifted to face Steve, wrapping his arm around Steve's waist. "I don't need to go anywhere for several hours. If you're not in a hurry, I wouldn't mind spending that time with you."
Obie leaps up to face him, shouting "Stop! I command you! Stand down!"
Tony grimaced. "I'm sorry about that. I really am. In my defense, I thought you'd feel more at home with your own face. I had nothing to do with the rest of it," he said, actually sounding more sad and apologetic than defensive. "I don't think Obie cared about the details, either. The clinic probably used a standard template from the neck down."
"Tony, that can wait," Steve said hurriedly, with an instant flash of dismay.
Because Steve hadn't been sure what was going on. Because he'd thought he'd been wrong about what was going on. Because he'd thought Tony didn't want to talk to him. It all sounded like feeble excuses to him.
Steve follows him to the top of the stairs, but that's as far as he's allowed to go. He stands there, expression still gloomy. "Let me help," he says.
Steve isn't an uncommon visitor in his nightmares, but this one seems different. More realistic, except for the end.
His mind skimmed over the hospital details—the oxygen mask on his face, the pulse ox clip on his finger, the catheters stuck here and there—and latched on to the hand next to his. It was touching his just enough that he could feel the warmth of the skin, but it was also more than that. He could feel the concern and sadness of the person that hand belonged to, and even though his eyes were still closed, he knew without a doubt that it was Steve.
Tony laughed, the delighted look he gave Steve enough to make him blush. "Unfortunately, no, it's not. I'm glad I found you, though—you've already made the evening a lot more memorable."
Because the rules said so—when a match was found, both halves must be told of the results. Because Tony should've said something earlier, since he'd suspected this ever since he'd first met Steve.
"Yeah," Tony said. "You and me both."
Tony drifts awake, in spite of doing his best to resist it.
"We're more alike than you're willing to admit," Steve said. "Two flawed men trying very hard to do the right thing. I'd think by now you'd have realized that I make mistakes, too. Big ones. Maybe ones that can't be forgiven and that I end up regretting for the rest of my life."
"Whoa, looking rough today," Rhodey greeted him.
might've given him another window of opportunity for trying to escape, he was genuinely worried that the Northerners would've been able to injure a dinosaur in a fight, and he didn't want that. Tyrannosaurs were dangerous, unpredictable and difficult to deal with, but they weren't evil, and didn't deserve to be shot at by these idiots.
Tony turned around so that he was still facing Steve, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees. "Sure. Because we were always so good at that in the past." His tone was bitter, but self-deprecating, completely different from how Stane had ever spoken.
He sat, and waited, and tried to think of what he could possibly say to make things better. He wasn't sure such magical words existed; he'd really made a mess of things, and nothing could erase that.
Steve takes a few steps towards Tony, but doesn't go for a seat. "So, how are you feeling?" he asks, because that seems like the thing he should be saying, and he's suddenly feeling very awkward.
"He was literally setting things on fire! Calling that a 'side-effect' has to be one of the worst understatements I've ever heard," Rhodes said sullenly.
At his front step stands the figure that's been haunting his dreams ever since he first set eyes on it in that cave, only it's intact and alive, and a thousand times more beautiful because of it. The android's eyes, framed by long, dark lashes, are a vivid blue that reflects the glowing LED at his temple. His skin is fair over the flawless features of his face, his blond hair neatly combed, with a part on the left. He's not wearing a uniform but dark jeans and a light gray CyberLife t-shirt that's so tight, it looks like it was painted on; Tony can see his synthetic nipples through it.
********************
Steve generally tended to assume the best of people, and always gave them the benefit of the doubt. Tony's opposing attitude of considering everyone an idiot unless proven otherwise had always been among his main character flaws. Still, when it came to Justin Hammer, Steve was inclined to agree with Tony's assessment of the man just based on his first impression.
It's that night, at the gala, that Tony hears of his weapons being used by terrorists in an ongoing hostage situation. He doesn't stop to explain to his two bodyguards why he's suddenly in such a hurry to return home.
If it turned out that Howard's favorite theories were right after all and there actually was someone out there who'd make Steve feel like the stories said, someone who wasn't Peggy, would he want to know? And if there was an imaginary lady who was, through will of God or quirk of fate, somehow connected to him, would it be wrong for him to resist that? Would he inevitably fall in love with that person?
He must've been incredibly distracted not to notice Tony's approach. Considering the number of enhancements his current frame had come with, he should've heard the footsteps long before Tony had even opened the door.
The shifting of Iron Man's head behind Steve's was clearly a nod.
Bucky was so mesmerized by the strange technology before him that he didn't even notice the large living dinosaur in the room until it made a low growl. It was a rhinoceros-like creature with a beak like a bird's and a huge bony crest extending from the back of its skull. The crest had an impressive pattern of green, brown and black that looked like a pair of huge, staring eyes. Bucky had seen beasts like this before, at the head of the caravan Stark had been traveling with. It was securely chained to the wall from each of its limbs as well as its thick neck.
Finally, Tony has to admit to himself that he's exhausted all other options.
"I'd really like to hear it," Steve encouraged him.
"Don't need to ask twice."
, it said.
"We're in VR," Steve said, and his voice sounded fine as well, not hoarse at all.
He remembers how beautiful its face was until he turned off the artificial skin and split open its metal-and-plastic skull to see which components were intact and useful.
Tony did a double take. That just couldn’t be right. “Well you have a funny way of showing it,” he began.
"Already on it," Tony replied, his obvious excitement the opposite of Natasha's cool. "Showtime!"
is probably the best thing that's ever happened to me," Tony returns. He knows that Kamski's used to discussing his androids like they're just items to be sold, because that's exactly what they are to him, but that doesn't make it less jarring. "I guess I should thank you for bringing the two of us together."
Steve decided not to ask about it, but just waited in silence for Tony to go on.
He should learn to let go.
"I couldn't agree more. I'll see to it," Tony declares, and waves a hand at the TV. "JARVIS, close that. We've seen enough."
"Exactly," Happy Hogan said. He was standing a few meters away from the table, looking like a stereotypical bodyguard, his arms crossed and his expression glum.
"We're too late," Happy said, stating the obvious.
"Several reasons," Rhodey replied. "We've been working to take down Stane for a long time, and finally, we're almost there. We wanted to get you out while he's still around and has those ties to Hydra."
The distance from the cells to the Vault felt longer than many full days of strenuous hiking that Tony had endured. He wouldn't even have made it the few feet from their cell block to the door leading out to the corridor without help. He felt like he was treading water, desperately trying to keep his head above the surface, half-drowned already. His heart was fluttering, too fast and too weak to keep him on his feet. Gray spots were dancing in his blurry field of vision. He made his best effort to stagger forwards, but most of the way, he was a dead weight that Bucky had to drag along.
The disapproval returned to Stark's face. "Crabb, huh? Should've guessed."
Bucky could barely believe it, but Stark had to be telling the truth. The only person who could've told him that Steve was Cap was Steve himself.
Tony guided Steve towards the middle of the floor with one hand on his shoulder, bringing them close to the armchairs and the fireplace. He then went to work detaching Steve's belt, to which Steve had no objections at all. Steve slid it out of the loops himself, and raised his arms so Tony could wrestle the top half of the costume over his head. Tony folded it over one arm of an armchair with a surprising amount of care, almost reverently. Steve wasn't sure if it was out of respect for Steve's feelings about that costume, or because Tony was still in awe of Captain America. Perhaps both.
Steve had never heard Tony sound so fragile before, his voice so raw and without the slightest trace of bravado. It made him sad that Tony still felt like he had to put up a front for him, and that he'd only told the truth once he thought Steve wasn't listening.
"I don't, but it's not our way to ask questions about anyone's past from before they got here," the Mayor said solemnly. Bucky wasn't sure if she was referring to the island, or her town, specifically. "I know enough to tell you're a good person. When you came to us, you were badly hurt, and you went through many difficult weeks. Still, the moment I told you about our situation, you put all your personal suffering behind you and wanted to help. That tells me everything I need to know."
"If I'd tried to contact you about this, would you have listened?" Steve asks.
It's an easy choice to make. He might waste a few hours, but he'll be able to travel faster when he's not half starved.
"Tony. Tony? Tony!" Seren's voice cut through Tony's thoughts, growing shrill again. She must've been asking many times already.
"And then you jumped into VR to try and help me," Tony finished the story on Steve's behalf.
Tony made a mock salute and hurried back the way they'd come, leaving Steve alone with Peggy. He had no idea what this was about, and it made his usual nerves about being around her ten times worse. At least that was counterbalanced by the unfamiliar frame, which had less of a physical response to the emotions than his own body would've.
The voice of Tony's current AI assistant replied in his stead: "He injected himself with an experimental gene therapy to edit his genome so that it no longer matches yours."
This time, he distinctly remembers he was talking to Steve, but it was such a wish-fulfilling, warm and fuzzy conversation that it's difficult to believe it actually happened. It seems more like a daydream—it definitely wouldn't be the first one of its kind.
"No argument from me," Steve said. Leaning against the wall for balance, he took off his shoes and stepped out of his shorts and trousers, which he draped over the back of the chair by the desk. Then, he shrugged off his jacket and set it there as well, and started unbuttoning his shirt.
"Even so, you would expect it to take a little longer," she said.
This was too much to take in; he couldn't really comprehend it. Everyone gone. Peggy. His team. Even Tony's parents. So many people who should've been able to live for centuries, gone forever.
The only good thing was, they had no time to stop and waffle on about feelings. Thor, another godlike Asgardian, showed up and tried to grab Loki, offering Tony the perfect target for some of the frustration and despair he'd managed to build up during the brief period of time he'd spent with Steve. Since he was fighting a superpowered alien, he didn't even need to hold back. It was pretty great.
He's as good as asking Steve to stay. Never in a million years would Steve have expected that. Even if Steve knows he can't stay forever, or he'll risk being confronted by the authorities, he's certainly not going to reject the request.
"Okay, I get that it was a little inconsiderate of me," Tony admitted, making placating gestures with his hands. "But I couldn't afford the time it'd take to grow a clone, and a fake modeled after your birth body would've been too fragile to be of any use to a bodyguard. I just thought you'd feel more familiar in something resembling your old self."
Steve pushes him away, gently but firmly, his expression wary. "And how did that make
"I'm convinced he'll make a full recovery," the white-haired man was telling Steve. "He just needs rest."
"So, you found me, an opportunity offered itself for you to do some advanced intelligence gathering, and you took it," Tony summarized, scornful.
Steve wasn't sure if that was good or bad. He let go of Tony, but instead of stepping away, Tony placed his hands on Steve's shoulders, running them back and forth, as if feeling the fabric of his costume. Not knowing where this was going, Steve stayed quiet and still. Tony spent a moment playing with Steve's folded cowl, then moved to tracing the outline of the star on his chest.
Tony laughed, happy and relaxed. It was the best sound Steve had heard since he'd woken up in this same place in his current frame; it brought up a warm feeling in his chest that was more fulfilling than any climax could be.
"Yes, please," Steve moaned, just in case Iron Man had any doubts about whether he was comfortable with this.
"Yeah," Tony manages, and after a few coughs to clear his throat, "thanks."
It sounded like this might turn out to be an easy case; if this Hammer person was behind it, all Steve needed was to find definitive proof. "Is there any chance that these two attempts could've been by different people?"
"You're not. I can tell," Steve says. Him and his damn super senses. He can probably tell how dehydrated Tony is just by touching his skin. "Come on. Let's go, unless you want me to carry you."
He needed to tell Steve that it wasn't about hate. That he'd done it because he didn't want to spend the rest of his life pining after something he couldn't have. He didn't even know how to start.
Neutral ground. Tony can guess where this is going, and he can't help but roll his eyes. "Come on, Rogers. You want to go back there? Seriously?"
can trust
"I knew it was a bad hit right away. When I passed out, Rhodey's worried shouts the last thing I heard, I thought I was gone for sure. But then," Tony took a dramatic pause. "I woke up in a cave, and with me was this mysterious Asian man…"
Tony ends up spending a long time under the spray, trying to postpone going back, because he can't sort out his head.
"Good, good. Jarvis has fairly advanced diagnostic capabilities for a junk-shop AI. I'll have him run a full neuro workup later. Just to be sure," Tony offered.
Inside, the bar was small and mostly empty at such an early hour. The customers consisted of one group playing cards in a corner, and a nondescript hooded figure slumped over the counter, hopefully asleep instead of something worse. The bartender who got up to face Steve as he entered was the oldest-looking person Steve had seen since he'd woken up, the deep wrinkles in his sallow skin suggesting that he had to be at least seventy. He didn't greet Steve, just kept a close eye on him as he crossed the room and took a seat on one of the bar stools.
"It looks like we're agreed, then," Steve spoke up, finally. "The frame doesn't matter. We'll make do with what we've got. Come on." He lifted up the blanket with one hand and patted at the mattress next to himself.
Bucky changed direction, hurrying to the dinosaur's side. The dinosaur must've noticed Stark's weight shifting, because he stopped and knelt so that Bucky could catch Stark before he fell.
Obie steps closer, crowding his personal space. "You're friends with him, right? We should make use of that. Maybe you're right, maybe we should start looking into expanding beyond the defense industry. This could be the start of a beautiful partnership."
"Feel free to take all the time you want," Steve said.
"Miss Hansen," she answered. "Maya Hansen."
Steve already had a connection with someone. He loved Peggy, even though he hadn't found the courage to act on those feelings yet. It never seemed like the right moment. They were always on some mission, or crossing paths between assignments. There was too much going on to think about proper relationships. The last thing he wanted with her was some kind of hurried and meaningless wartime fling. She deserved so much more than that. If he ever got together with her, he wanted it to be serious.
That gives Tony pause, his previous misgivings rearing their ugly head again. "Then shouldn't you be exploring all this with another android instead of me?"
As soon as he was entirely free, the dinosaur started lumbering towards Stark. Bucky followed, trying to push down the nonsensical protective urge to try to hold back the dinosaur. He wasn't sure where that came from: was it because he'd grown to respect Stark, or because he felt guilty, or perhaps the very selfish concern that if Stark didn't make it, he'd have no one to guide him back to Steve?
"Shhh, we can talk later." Steve tightened his arms around Tony in something resembling a hug, holding him in place firmly, but gently. "All that matters is that you're back with us."
"I'm so very interested, you have no idea," Tony confesses. It's not like he hasn't been attracted to that gorgeous android body since he first saw it, as much as he's tried to ignore it and berated himself for it. "But I don't want to take advantage of you."
Behind the counter, the bartender was shaking his head. "Come, now, they're not worth it. Let them go."
All in all, it was one of the best mornings Steve remembered having in years, if ever.
"I've had to be careful. I'm sure you know how it is," Maya said.
Iron Man was awesome. He loved being Iron Man. He loved the suit, he loved flying, and above all, he treasured the feeling that he was actually, finally, doing something meaningful. He'd never really had that before. It was funny, really. All his life, he'd been one of the richest people on the planet, running a highly influential company, and still he'd felt like he was drifting aimlessly. Now, he was firmly at the wheel, and for the first time, he had some idea about the direction. When it came to his company, that direction wasn't quite fully formed yet, but he was getting there.
"I can't fill in those gaps for you, not really," Tony said, at length, breaking the quiet. "I don't remember."
She freezes at the door, eyes the size of dinner plates, color draining from her face. "Who—what are you, and what did you to to Tony?" she exclaims, looking around wildly as if searching for something to use as a weapon.
Maya ignored the crime lord in front of her, her face still turned towards where Tony stood. "To protect everyone, Tony, including you! I had to say something. Imagine I'd told them the truth about how the Fountain changed you—do you think they would've just left you alone? They would've wanted to capture you, to make use of your powers. Even worse, they'd have wanted to go back there and uncover it."
Steve shook his head. "No, he must've realized I've given him the slip by now."
"One of my favorites," Steve agreed. "And it's okay to admit that the thought makes you uncomfortable. Just so you know, if you ever want to try it out, I'd be willing to help."
“I was about to tell you that your blood tests came back clean, but I guess I should have them re-checked, huh?” Bruce said, his hand on his chin.
Stark didn't react. His head lolled forwards, his chin falling against his chest, and instead of another breath, there was a soft huff followed by ominous silence.
"I'm not leaving you. I'm going to tell you why I'm different from all those virtual constructs," Steve said. He shrugged off his jacket—the same one he'd had in frame space, since his frame and clothes had simply been mapped into VR as they were—and draped it over Tony, moving in to sit next to him, close enough that their sides touched.
He should've thought of building something like this ages ago, although it would've been challenging without such a convenient power source.
Somehow, it seems his thoughts always end up circling back to Steve. The irony doesn't escape him.
Rhodey had clearly gotten the impression that Tony was up to something, which had made him annoyingly snoopy; he kept trying to make Tony slip up and tell him more. He got as far as a drunken confession that Tony had confirmed his match with Steve, but luckily Tony wasn't so drunk he'd blab the whole plan.
"I've got some lady on the line for you. Says it's urgent," the bored receptionist drawled at the other end.
Tony sighs. "Okay, I appreciate the sentiment, but you really didn't need to do that. You should've checked with me first."
"Great. That's great," Tony says, plastering a grin on his face.
"It's okay," Pepper told him soothingly. "We'll explain everything to you soon. Try not to move too much. Just a little longer and we'll get you where you can rest more comfortably."
As much as Steve hated hiding the truth, in this situation, claiming that he hadn't been able to identify the arsonist seemed like the simplest choice.
"And you have all the details worked out already?" Steve asked, since most of the discussion so far had been on a general level.
"Good evening. This is Steve Rogers," Steve began, purposefully making his voice soft and a little higher in pitch than usual, so that Jarvis hopefully wouldn't recognize it. "You won't have any idea who I am, but—"
The man by the wall was very different from the one Steve had worked for since he'd woken up in the future, but there was no mistaking the frame. It was Tony Stark's. While the two other clones of Tony's that Steve had met, in the past and the present, had been dark-haired, this one's hair was longer and white all over, as were his beard and moustache. His face was thin and lined with the wear of many decades—it was difficult to estimate his exact age, but he definitely looked older than Rhodey. Maybe even over seventy. He wasn't wearing a suit like his counterpart in the Tower, but jeans and layered t-shirts, the top one with the logo of some band faded beyond recognition.
None of the death and destruction he'd witnessed or any of the hits he'd taken during the long and terrible day had hurt Steve as much as it did to see Iron Man fly into that wormhole. It was a one-way trip, and they all knew it. He waited until the very last minute, holding on to hope that Tony would somehow make it back anyway, but in the end, he had to accept the grim reality. He told Black Widow to close the portal.
Natasha and the others were on their way. The trap was sprung. He had no reason to hold back anymore. He swung his fist at Stane, catching him square in the face.
The Exvec solution didn't look like much: a single test tube full of clear liquid that seemed slightly more viscous than water when he tilted it between his fingers. He thought it should've been more dramatic. Glowing like embers, maybe, like Extremis had. This wasn't Extremis, though. It was completely tamed, nothing left but a shell in which they could put whatever payload they wanted.
"They have him," Natasha told him before he'd even asked, no doubt guessing that he was desperate for news.
The scene that had frozen for a few seconds, with everyone staring at the dinosaur stampede, turned into utter chaos. The Northerners who were still standing clearly didn't know what to do, shouting to each other in agitated voices, some of them approaching the dungeon entrance. One persistent young lady tried to attack Steve, but he sent her staggering away with a sharp kick.
"That'd take months to grow, not to mention the trouble of getting SHIELD to hand over your genome while you're still on probation. Sorry, Steve. For now, you're better off in something more robust. Solve this case, and I can sort it out for you, if you really want it," Tony said.
"Just one more day," he tells himself aloud. "It's just walking. I've faced worse."
"Ultron must've already suspected what we were up to, that's the only explanation I see for how he caught us so quickly. He noticed our intrusion to the data stream and traced it back, breaking through our safeguards," Rhodey summarized. "Ow."
"You're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen," Tony said, outdoing him again. "And believe me, I've seen lots of amazing things in my life." He still had one hand on Steve's cock, but his strokes were less intense. His other hand trailed over the skin of Steve's chest, which was sheened in sweat all over, thanks to the warmth of his lover and the fire next to them.
The android doesn't react at all. Yinsen does, calling out from across the room. "Stark? Did you say something?"
The timing left Steve with only a couple of hours to spare, and he spent them being incredibly nervous. Mostly, it was a good kind of nervous, feeling flustered like a teenager before his first date, but there was an uncomfortable tension at the back of his mind, too. He'd said that he'd be fine with whatever frame Tony picked, and really, he would try his best to be true to his word, but the idea that Tony might meet him in the clone Stane had been using made his flesh crawl. If he reacted badly to that, then Tony would feel bad too, and it would be the very opposite of a happy reunion. He had to admit to himself that he hoped Tony would've picked something else, although the fact that they were meeting at the clinic that had made Stane his clones definitely suggested that Tony had gone for his original face.
"Nah. I'm not that hungry, anyway." Tony stepped closer, rose up on his toes, and dropped a quick kiss on Steve's cheek. "Good luck with your mission, Cap. See you."
A few seconds later, something exploded, and from there on out, they were in full Avenging mode again, with things blowing up and people dying and alien armies pouring out of a wormhole, and Tony was constantly too busy or too shocked to think about Steve, until he was flying into said wormhole carrying a nuke.
"For now," Natasha said. "He'd have nothing, though. He had to give up Tony's clone, he has no money, and very few friends. His backups on Luna are under Tony's name, so he won't have access to those, either."
"I'd never expected that, coming from you. I didn't know what to say, and I was preoccupied with the next day's mission. So, I thought maybe it was for the best to leave it for later. And that was one of the last things I thought about when I lay on the cold concrete, betrayed and dying. Regret that I'd never get to have that conversation," Steve finished.
Tapio seems surprised, but answers without additional comment. "Finland, north as you can go. Nearest town is…" There's another word Steve can't make sense of.
He spent some more time combing the surroundings for additional evidence, but came up empty-handed. Twilight was setting in, the surroundings starting to grow dark. He decided he'd leave the rest of the crime scene investigation for the professionals.
Bruce blinked at him. "I know, that's what I just said?"
"We're not traveling with dinosaurs, so there's nothing to set us apart from everyone else in the North," Natasha reminded him. "No one will recognize us as foreigners. If we run into anyone, just let me do the talking, and it'll be fine."
That took Bucky by surprise—she was certainly giving him a lot of responsibility, considering how new he was. "I've got to say, I'm flattered you trust me so much," he admitted. "You barely know me. You don't even know my full name."
Once they got going again, several hours passed uneventfully. Stark stayed quiet, and whenever Bucky glanced at him, he seemed grim, without any trace of the roguish confidence he'd showed when they'd caught him. It was a testament to his strength of character, and probably also his familiarity with trekking and injuries, that he nevertheless seemed to be keeping up with the group's pace easily.
"That's awfully rude of him," Steve said. "If I find out anything at all, you can trust me to tell you."
"Well, because of the trouble he mentioned, he's had to go out of town, indefinitely," Jarvis said. "But he's asked me to tell you that if you've got a day or two to spare on a trip to the Adirondacks, he'd very much like to see you."
"They didn't," Steve said firmly.
"Don't worry. I'm sure I'll think of something," Tony says. His cheerful tone sounds fake in his own ears. He doesn't know if Steve will catch that, or how he will interpret it if he does. "Right now, I'm thinking I need a shower. You and your extra sensitive olfactory unit will probably agree."
"That was amazing," Steve told him.
The fire was on the fourth floor. A fall from that height would have stopped any regular human, but it didn't sound like he'd been taken in by the emergency personnel. The description was all too familiar, again, reminding Steve of the Torch performing feats like this. But if Steve's preliminary theory of someone being out to get Tony was true, it couldn't possibly be the Torch. He wouldn't go around attacking innocent people.
This time, it was Mona who spoke up, a stormy look on her face. "You haven't seen their cities and don't know how they run their regime. They're in charge of everything, and humans have to obey their every whim," she explained.
"And you did," Steve said.
"I suppose she's Mr. Stark's lady?" Steve asked Jarvis once she was out of sight, feeling ever so slightly disappointed, even if he wasn't surprised. Of course Tony would have someone. Possibly even multiple someones, depending on the day, if his reputation was anything to go by.
"You too, huh?" Steve had to admit he hadn't stopped to think about how strange this must be for Tony.
"Oh," Tony gasped, as if the words had been a physical blow.
"You're too late, Stane," he called out defiantly. "You've already failed."
Steve had to admit he hadn't even considered that; he tended to forget that people saw him as such a major threat. Of course, Stane might consider Pepper even more threatening because she knew so much about how he operated, down to all the details of his security measures.
Maya. That wasn't a common name. It couldn't possibly be a coincidence.
Steve pressed a kiss on his temple and hugged him tighter. "There's nothing I can say to make you change your mind about this, is there?"
Mr. Fedora didn't seem amused at Tony's attempt at small talk. His expression stayed neutral, but his eyes were intently focused on Tony. "Our boss wants something you've got."
"Yes, yes," Tony murmured into Steve's chest, coughed softly, and went limp in Steve's arms, the tremors dying down.
Because he felt like he deserved to suffer, and telling Steve was yet another, particularly cruel way of tormenting himself.
The situation had suddenly turned completely unreal, and yet, he could feel the floor beneath his buttocks, the terry cloth of the towel covering his shoulders, and the hard surface of Iron Man's armor behind his back. And he could feel the warmth of Iron Man's bare fingers against his cheek, which was enough to make the discomfort meaningless.
He'd never get to settle things with Tony.
It hadn't crossed Bucky's mind that it might be possible to ride this massive being. It made perfect sense, though.
Slowly, warily, he stood up and took in the chaos around him.
"Of course," Steve says. "Unless his orders contradict yours."
Even though he'd noticed the changes in the orders they were getting and the types of assignments they were given, and although he'd been aware of the unexpected personnel changes that'd been the topic of office gossip, he hadn't realized it was this bad. He'd been hoping it was just due to some politicians not quite understanding how SHIELD operated, and that the Director would eventually bring them around. It seemed he should've been paying more attention. He should've realized earlier that this could be a major problem, and spent more time trying to get to the bottom of it, just like Peggy had.
That wasn't what Steve had expected; by the sound of it, Tony was lacking some puzzle pieces as well. Waiting for Maya's reply, he barely dared to breathe for fear of missing some crucial word.
Investigating the incident at the 201 kept Steve busy for the next few days. Even with Tony's influence, he had to constantly battle red tape; the investigator that the NYPD had set on the case, Detective Coulson, was very officious and didn't like amateurs trying to step on his toes. Nevertheless, Steve was able to inspect the restaurant again, including the areas he hadn't seen before, such as the kitchens. He also interviewed the surviving staff members and had a word with Hammer and his assistants. Nothing revealed any clues about who might've been behind the attack.
Steve mirrored Tony's movements, bringing one hand to the small of Tony's back and the other to the back of his neck. "Just the thought that I'd missed my chance of ever learning to know you better was unbearable."
Tony's hands were on Steve's pant leg, pulling apart the torn fabric to reveal the broken skin beneath. "There's blood there, too!" he exclaimed. It sounded more surprised than worried to Steve. "How did that happen?"
"You didn't mean for that to happen," Steve pointed out. He did think Tony had been reckless and meddled in something he didn't really understand, but he didn't blame Tony, not really.
The stupidest thing was, Tony thought, as he took a swig of the bottle—rum, wouldn't have been his first choice if he'd actually been looking, but eh—he still couldn't bring himself to hate Steve. Even if the torch he'd been carrying for Steve should've been extinguished and more than that, hacked into tiny pieces in Siberia, Tony had gathered up those pieces and carried them back home with him. Maybe pouring alcohol over them wasn't the best idea. It was flammable, after all.
"Steve?" Tony tried again. In his own ears, there was a hesitant, plaintive note in his voice, one that didn't sound at all like him, usually so full of charm and confidence.
"On the bed, you," Tony called out as he stepped through the doorway, right on Steve's heels. "I wasn't nearly done with the inspection yet."
"You seem to be doing a lot of upgrading these days," Steve commented.
Around Tony sat the whole group who'd help him escape his predicament: Steve, Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Natasha, Clint, and Fury, as well as the lawyer they'd brought in, a man named Nelson with a friendly-looking blond frame and a sharp, conservative suit that somewhat clashed with it.
Tony shook his head again and made a weak, dismissive wave with one hand. "Yeah, that was one scenario. I really liked that one. Alas, it wasn't real, either." The wistful expression that flashed across his face was heartbreaking.
"Tony?" Rhodey asks him without letting his eyes off Steve's. "This android claims to be working for you."
"What? I'm not going to tell them!" Tony exclaims. He's not actually considered what he's going to do about any of this. He was convinced Steve would want to leave. If he doesn't, sending him away to be dissected is the last thing Tony would do.
"Sure. Of course. Rhodey, this is Steve. Steve, this is Rhodey. He works for the Air Force," Tony says, still slightly flustered. "Don't mind if he seems grouchy sometimes. I have that effect on people."
He didn't need more words than that to make his point; Tony could tell what it was right away. They had already had this discussion several times. It always started with Tony's self-reproach, and continued with Steve arguing that Tony hadn't actually meant to burn anyone and was taking full responsibility for what had happened in every possible way. Those conversations didn't really make Tony feel better about any of it. Maybe he'd eventually learn to live with his guilt, but that time wasn't yet, and there wasn't much point in going through the motions again.
"I'm done with your games, and I know Tony doesn't have time for them. I'm here to offer you a deal. My life for his." Steve didn't need to act to sound anguished; he simply let all his despair about the overall situation filter into his voice.
The mannequin woman's synthetic eyes narrowed in suspicion. "Let me see that," she said, holding out a hand.
"It's really good for me," Steve said. "But you know, it could be a little bit about you, too."
"Is he breathing?" Steve called out as he hurried to crouch over Tony's armored form.
"But I'm sure you didn't come all this way just to discuss
Iron Man pressed a kiss on Steve's cheek—there was a ticklish feeling there revealing that he had facial hair, maybe a moustache—and then pulled back his head, settling with his forehead against the back of Steve's skull. Then, he went back to his exploration; while his right hand stayed on Steve's nipple, teasing, his left hand continued to map every square inch of Steve's skin in featherlight touches, first only above his waist, until finally, finally, he let it pass over Steve's hip bones, to his thigh, and then to his cock, only just brushing against the shaft.
He realized that he couldn't hide the truth anymore. This was the moment he'd been dreading, and he knew it would not go down well, but he had to do it, anyway.
Of course, Tony doesn't answer; his head rests unmoving against Steve's shoulder.
Still held in Rumlow's grasp, Stark made a guttural noise that didn't resemble the dinosaur's roar very much, but neither was it like any human language Bucky had ever heard. It definitely wasn't the common language of the island he'd been taught, which was the first language of most people in the Resistance, and which Stark and the rest of the caravan had also understood.
"Does that thing work?" he asked Stark hopefully.
"Yeah, I run one of my own."
When it came to crossing the island from Canyon City to Cornucopia, Steve and Sam were in luck: they managed to cover in six days a distance that usually took longer than a week. It would've been even less if they hadn't needed to wait a day in the summit village called Tentpole of the Sky for the sky galley to be ready to set off. The galley's planned route hadn't been as far north as Cornucopia, but Steve had put all his authority and charisma into play, and after several passionate pleas, the galley's captain had given in.
"A lot better than this one. Smoke inhalation and some nasty burns. He went to the hospital with a police escort, and will probably stay there for several days," the same man replied.
Steve didn't miss the name. He knew Janet van Dyne, the host of the unfortunate party with the first fire, often went by that nickname. Come to think of it, Tony may well have been there. Steve had asked Jan for a guest list, but there hadn't been one; it'd been an unofficial gathering without formal invitations. She'd promised to write down all the names she remembered for his next visit. He decided that visit would take place as soon as he was done here.
Steve placed a hand on Tony's knee and gave him a solid look to stop his rambling. "Trust me, I know what I'm in for, and the answer's yes."
"I'm willing to take your word for it. You've got a very honest and convincing voice," Tony said, grabbed hold of Steve's tie and pulled him into another fiery kiss. Steve wasn't sure if all the prickling he felt around his mouth was from Tony's moustache, or if some of it was from that heat. Either way, it was unique and fascinating.
He coughed and gasped for breath. Too loud—they needed to stay quiet while Bucky dealt with the guard—but he couldn't help it, because he'd failed to stay above the surface, and he was drowning.
"Not as such, no," Steve replies right away, without a hint of prevarication. "I suppose I'm a gift, for some reason or the other. He did say you're friends."
"He was in a pretty bad shape, and we were in a hurry," Rhodey said defensively.
"That good, huh?" Steve asked, just resting his hands on Tony's rapidly rising and falling flanks.
They were both happy to either pitch or catch depending on mood and the possible physical limitations set by Steve's frame-of-the-day. This frame was good for both, and considering how Tony had taken the lead tonight, Steve had been expecting him to want to top. He had no objections to Tony bottoming instead, though. "A solid plan, I approve," he said, sitting up and accepting the lube from Tony.
"That he was," Steve replied. "It was some kind of magic, something he'd come across on the expedition."
"Seriously, Tony?" Bruce said, even more incredulous. "That's what you're going with? You're the last person I'd expect that kind of genetic determinism from. You think matched relationships are automatically more meaningful than non-matched ones, then?" Bruce eyed Tony over the rims of his glasses so that for a moment, he resembled a stereotypical shrink, as much as he actually wasn't one.
Bruce's eyes went wide, and Tony thought there might've been the slightest flash of green in there. "Oh, no. No. Tony, that's a terrible idea," he said hurriedly. "We haven't even figured out the molecular pathways behind the synchronization phenotype. There's no way to know what kind of side-effects tampering with those sequences would have. Besides, you wouldn't know which tissues to target. You might need to deliver your hypothetical gene therapy to every single cell."
Steve's mind, full of thoughts that had nothing to do with work, instantly leaped back to wondering whether she knew about him and Tony, and if she found it distasteful. He was glad that this frame wouldn't blush. "Fine, so far," he replied quickly. "It's very impressive."
He could practically hear Bruce's voice calling him out for genetic determinism again.
Tony didn't try to cover how weary he felt; hopefully, that would work to his advantage. "I'm really not." He looked James in the eye, trying to put all the intensity he could into it. "I need to get outside. It's crucial. I swear I won't try to flee. Honestly, I couldn't run even if I wanted to."
Returning to the workshop, he spotted some shifting lights in the far corner. Maybe someone else was awake, too. Watching his feet so he wouldn't stumble on any tech or tools lying on the floor, he crossed the room towards them.
The reptilian hissed at him. "Why would I do that? Who are you, walking in here to tell me what to do?"
Before the guard had time to usher Bucky away, the door opened, revealing the Mayor herself. "James. This is a surprise," she commented, eyebrows raised. "What brings you here?"
Restless, Steve steps outside and walks around the hut, scanning the hills for any signs of movement. There are none, not even birds or reindeer, and the only sound other than rain on roof tiles is the howling wind.
Even if he didn't like this new, older Tony, somehow, that still stung.
"Okay," Bucky said. If he was going to trust Stark from here on out, he'd also have to believe him in this. He'd do it, no matter how scary it was. "I've got the keys to that cell, but I know she's not the only dinosaur here. How can the two of us free all of them?"
Tony shrugs. "I don't know. Maybe I would've figured out something else."
"So, tell me, what do you have on your mind? I can see you're troubled," the Mayor asked as they waited for the soup to arrive.
"Was I alone when they brought me in?" he asks.
"You have no recollection of anything that happened during the fires?"
Panic was starting to creep up on him again. As his head cleared, he shifted in the drone's hold, trying to locate any weak points, but he didn't think there were any.
If this man was telling the truth—and going by how genuinely angry he seemed, Steve was thinking he was—then Tony was causing the fires, after all. By the sound of it, Steve had been half right earlier. The expedition was behind all this, but it hadn't been a failure. Tony had found what they'd been looking for. The criminals who'd funded Maya's team had wanted the same thing, but Tony had gotten to it first, and was refusing to give it to them.
Even if Tony had changed, there was too much of a resemblance. It would take an incredibly talented actor to pull that off. The thought that he might be an impersonator hadn't even occurred to Steve before Pepper's mysterious words. Steve knew a long life would inevitably change a person, and that sounded like a far more likely explanation for what had happened to Tony.
It was Steve's turn to avoid eye contact; he looked away, at where the sun had disappeared behind the horizon, leaving a soft glow like dying embers. "That wasn't the only thing I wanted to say."
He spent a lot of his time going through files provided by the resistance about the surviving members of his team. None of the information was recent. That wasn't surprising. Every member of his team had been skilled at infiltration and espionage. They knew how to disappear. There were more sightings of Bucky than any of the others, many of them linked to crime scenes; that, he wouldn't have expected. Maybe the resistance's suspicion that he was somehow under SHIELD control was correct.
"For what it's worth, I didn't think you were responsible," Steve said.
Steve got up on his elbow. His body felt sluggish, and sticky. He touched his fingers to his stomach; the mess he found there couldn't have been him, so it seemed like Tony had come, too, which made his behavior even more bizarre. "I feel like I've missed something here," Steve said, resting a hand on top of Tony's chest. "Care to fill me in?"
If he dies in this godforsaken cave somewhere in the Altai mountains, his only legacy will be death and destruction. If he lives and makes it out, then maybe, just maybe, he can do some good to counteract it all.
Steve was having trouble keeping up with his opponents, and he was in a brand new military frame. Sooner or later, this particular model would end up on the black market, too—everything always did—but this was way too soon. It hinted that someone had been dealing under the table.
This was nothing like that first chaste peck, but more like many of the passionate kisses they'd shared last time, just like Steve remembered them: the heat of Tony's lips against his own, the tickle of Tony's beard and moustache against his clean-shaven skin. The warmth of the embrace drove away every lingering trace of the chill that he'd felt outside. Steve clung to Tony, hugging him close. He licked his tongue over Tony's upper lip, and Tony opened his mouth more, letting Steve's tongue in to meet his. It was even warmer than his lips.
"I'm a man of my word, but in this case, I don't feel like I actually understood the deal I was getting into. I've been manipulated too many times in the past," Tony tells him, bitterness creeping into his voice. Even if it led to something amazing for him, he's mad at Kamski for playing him. "So, in this case, I'm going to have to say that the offer's no longer on the table."
“Yeah, and you’re a Libertarian fuckwit who thinks he’s morally superior to everyone else,” Tony snapped at him.
"Even if I were," Rhodey said, raising his eyes to cast Tony an unimpressed look, "this wouldn't prove anything."
Rhodey had stayed at the workshop with Tony to help him and act as a bodyguard—he had a mech suit that Tony had built for him, made up of spare parts like the rest of his tech. Tony had assured everyone they wouldn't need it for this. Unfortunately, it was starting to sound like he'd been wrong.
He sits down and stares at his hands. There's dirt and grass on them, and scratches and abrasions underneath. He can see blood, but he doesn't feel any of it; it's like he's looking at someone else's hands.
Well, Steve hadn't expected it to be that easy. "Just take me as low as you can, then."
When he reached the cells, he was greeted by loud chatter from the cell across from Stark's—the small but vicious-looking dinosaur prisoner was acting more agitated than Bucky had ever seen it. It grabbed the bars of its cell with its clawed hands and nodded repeatedly, as if gesturing towards Stark's cell with its snout.
"Considerably," Tony nodded, turning away from the window to face Steve. "I shot myself. Clean through the node." He mimed placing a gun at his neck with two fingers. "Again, I have no memory of doing that, but it was captured in high definition on security cameras from multiple angles."
The sound had already stopped when Steve picked up his phone. The screen showed it hadn't been a call but a text message. He opened it right away.
"Which one?" Tony returned. "There have been a bunch. All of the high-profile ones had their asses handed to them. We've cooperated with some groups over the past few years, mostly by providing tech, but so far none have been more than a minor inconvenience to Hydra."
"Can't sleep?" Steve called out.
That doesn't sound too bad; Steve is sure he could cover the distance in a day, if he knew which way to go. He's not sure if Tony could've spotted the town with whatever he's got on that kite. Even if he has, Steve doubts he would've chosen to go straight for it without checking out the hut, the weather being as bad as it is.
The sun was starting to set, the sky blossoming into a magnificent display of colors. Its beauty also felt like a warning. Once it grew dark, the cliffs would become precarious to navigate. Steve hadn't even taken a torch with him. Natasha hadn't said anything about how long she'd be gone. What if she wouldn't be back until morning?
"Very well. The estimated time to your selected destination is 15 minutes."
The door slid open, revealing Natasha, still in her business clothing, but holding a standard issue police blaster. When Steve craned his neck, he could see several more figures in police uniforms approaching the doorway, with Nick Fury at the front. Natasha stepped into the room, blaster trained on Stane, and Fury soon joined her.
A couple in synthetic fakes a few tables away suddenly broke out in loud laughter, and it was a struggle for Steve to resist the urge to walk over and tell them to keep quiet in very stern words. It was a public space, and they were allowed their obnoxious fun. Steve settled for standing up and glaring at them. They didn't pay him any attention.
Steve must've let his surprise show on his face, because Stane reacted to it, but luckily he'd misread it. "That's right," Stane said. "Is it finally starting to sink in? Whatever you thought you could gain by coming here, you've failed. Actually, why am I still talking to you?" he beckoned at the two drones by the door. "Ultron, subdue this idiot."
A brief walk brought them to a sheltered corner of the shore where a simple but cozy-looking camp had been set up. They were greeted by a white-haired man who took the arrival of an unexpected pack of dinosaurs in stride. He fussed over Tony, arranging a few rucksacks behind his back to keep him propped up, and muttering grumpily as he worked.
"Yes, I'd appreciate that very much," Steve said.
"Important biotech project that'll require my full attention for a few days," Tony replied. It was entirely true, if a bit vague.
"Don't expect thanks. We'd be halfway through this green cesspit already if you hadn't tried to run," Rumlow said. He turned Stark around and yanked at the manacles around his wrists, making him wince in pain as the movement jarred his injured shoulder. "Let's not stand around waiting to see how many other creatures we can lure out. Start walking again, all of you!"
Tony thinks that's petty, but whatever—if he leaves a suit within a reasonable distance, he'll be able to call it in at any time, if he needs to. He can live with that. He's pretty sure Steve expects him to do something like that, anyway.
"I didn't. Just took apart an android," Tony says. He manages to say it in a neutral, unwavering voice, even though Kamski's absolution doesn't seem to be helping with his guilt. "That's the question I was going on to ask, by the way. I want to figure out what model it was."
For a moment, he focused on what he was doing, spraying the wound on Rhodey's scalp with synthetic skin. He thought wistfully of the contents of his first aid cabinet in the Tower, which would've let him regrow the skin as if there had been no injury in the first place. For now, this would have to do.
"How stupid do you think I am?" Hammer cried out, then yelped as a chair next to him burst out in flames.
Maybe there had been some truth to Seren's platitudes after all: the renewed hope from finding out that James was none other than Steve's dear friend Bucky was like a shot of adrenaline to keep Tony's exhausted heart going that little bit longer.
"It's not, though, just a regular fire, and the situation is under control," Steve said reassuringly. "You don't remember?" If Tony had no memory of what'd happened, that was worrisome. "Did you hit your head?"
"How does that make you feel?" Tony asks coyly as he pulls away.
When Steve reached the team common room, Morita and the Falsworths were already present, having tea. One by one, the other Commandos who were joining today's mission arrived: Dum Dum, Gabe, and last of all, Bucky. The second team, led by Brock Rumlow, would be gathering one floor below them.
"Will do, sir," Barton promised and left the room, closing the door behind him—there were no automated doors at this station.
Before they set off again, there was a brief conversation that included the large dinosaur who'd been their steed. Bucky didn't understand the words, but he got the impression that the dinosaur was offering to carry Tony again, which Steve declined. He didn't let Tony out of his arms for one second, but picked him up, cradling him close, as if he weighed nothing. Clearly, Steve was as strong as ever. Crashing on the island hadn't changed that.
"Yes," she replied, curt and official. "But I'd rather not have the conversation out in the open."
"Indiana," Bucky replied, without even thinking.
His second obsession doesn't go anywhere beyond being a constant source of guilt that he concretely carries around in his chest. He wouldn't have any of this without the android. He wishes he had a name or even just a model designation to use, but he doesn't. It didn't have one on its clothes or its skin or any of its parts. There was a serial number, which Tony memorized, but it doesn't give him any hits in any of the searches he runs.
Tony coughed out a chuckle. That was the understatement of the decade. He had both feet in the grave by now. "Quite," he replied, then turned his head towards the left again. "Bucky? Free him."
“You’re ridiculous,” Tony said, a slight smile breaking through his tense expression.
"Yeah, I think we've got someone who fits that description," the receptionist said, his bored voice very different from the eager and friendly young lady at Steve's current location. "Want me to connect you to his room?"
Tony took a few stumbling steps backwards until he hit the chaise longue. He fell heavily into it, wide-eyed and panting.
It started with a dot-dash-dot-dot for an L, continued with three dashes for O, and when the next set was a dot-dot-dot-dash for V, Steve could guess what the last letter would be. After L-O-V-E, Tony continued with the letter U and the number two.
The moment the guard's mouth was free, he let out a high-pitched call that rang loudly in the still night.
He calls out Tony's name in turn, as loud as he can, but gets no answer.
Tony shook his head, his lips pursed. "Only flashes. Nothing past flames and pain, for most of them. It varies a little. That first time, at the Fountain, I can't remember a thing about it. I can't even be sure Maya's telling the truth. For all I know, she might've pushed me into the water against my will."
“Technically, it's impossible to prove that you don't have a match,” Tony replied; a scientifically accurate answer that handily exempted him from having to say anything more.
Pepper nodded. "It does, indeed. I wish I knew what was going on. I don't like this. It's hardly the first time Tony's been in trouble, but right now, I'm not sure what to think."
"All right. Thank you, anyway."
Twenty days. Twenty-one. Three weeks that Tony had been alone in the hands of the enemy. Natasha estimated that they would need at least another four days to reach Crabb Castle, and they didn't even know if Tony was there.
"Just like that?" Steve asked, like he expected there to be a catch.
"Told you we were on our way," Rumlow said. "Nice to have friends, isn't it?"
It was utterly incomprehensible to Steve how Tony could have been capable of the horrific things for which he was the prime suspect—but except for Steve's gut feeling saying that it couldn't be true, everything else seemed to add up, all the clues pointing at Tony.
"Aren't there some ruins in the Rainy Basin, where you're going?" Steve asked, shifting the topic towards something that had been weighing on his mind.
Whatever preconceptions Tony had regarding CyberLife androids, Steve blows them all out of the water. He will follow direct orders, sure, but he's as far from some mindless automaton as a space shuttle is from a paper airplane. He always makes it clear he has opinions, and never hesitates to speak up when he disagrees.
The last suggestion comes with half a smirk. Tony rolls his eyes at it, but he does sit down. "Coffee is fine, thanks."
"Well, if Mr. Sandman catches up with me, I can take a nap there just as well. Good night, Steve." Tony opened the door to enter the equally dark hallway beyond.
He lets his hands fall on his lap and sits up straight again, forcing himself to look Steve in the eye. "No. It's not okay." He takes a deep breath. "I killed your predecessor."
He found a rock and sat down on it, pulled off his gloves and buried his face in his hands.
It was the same old dilemma: Stark's word against those of Bucky's new friends. Still, one thing was clear. No matter who was telling the truth, if Stark wasn't faking this illness, then helping him would be the right choice.
Tony rolled his eyes, but his lips quirked into a grin, and it was as if the years melted away from his face. "You sound like a romance program," he joked.
His hopes go up when he catches sight of a faint trail of smoke not far from where he stands, until he realizes its most likely source. Considering the distance, the chances are very high that it's Tony.
"Remember that salad I brought you on your second day?" Natasha returned. "Don't worry, the chip will degrade and come out on its own within a month."
Over these past months that they'd been working together, Tony had told Steve his greatest secret: that of his damaged heart, and what it took to keep it beating. Steve wanted to believe that Tony had shared it because he trusted Steve just like Steve trusted Tony, but it had, at least in part, also been born of necessity. Sometimes, Tony needed help maintaining the repulsor pump, and if there was no one else around, the task fell to Steve.
He sat down heavily on the couch, running a hand over his face. He really hadn't needed this; he already had enough to deal with as it was. Casual as it was, his fling with Tony had been a fixed part of his life for over a year, and although he hadn't thought it would last forever, he also hadn't expected it to end so suddenly. Of course, it didn't have to be over—he could tell Tony he wanted to keep going, take that extra step, start working towards something more serious. But try as he might, he couldn't really see himself building a future together with Tony, and if he couldn't, he'd feel dishonest letting Tony believe it was a realistic option.
Steve brought his hand next to their cocks again, and carefully closed his fingers around both of them so he could press them against one another. Tony let out a pleased hum, and followed Steve's example, shifting his hand so that both cocks were caught between their hands. Though Steve's was hot and heavy, it still felt cool compared to Tony's. When they started jerking off together, the heat and the slickness from sweat and copiously leaking precome mixed together into so many sensations, it drove any remaining rational thoughts out of Steve's mind.
"I will. And you just hold on, Tony. We'll all be out of this awful place soon," Seren said. She turned on her sharp-clawed heel and raced out of the room, moving soundlessly except for the faint clink of the keys.
"They may have made it out," Pepper pointed out, soft and hopeful. "Happy, take us to the secondary rendezvous point."
They find Steve curled up inside a rudimentary shelter he's built. From a distance, Sam can tell with his scanners that Steve's alive. His temperature has dropped to 30 °C, and his pulse is much too slow, as one could expect in this kind of a scenario, but he's definitely alive.
"I didn't do much. You should be thanking Rumlow, really," Bucky said modestly. Again, he was seated across from her in her office, and again, he felt like a schoolboy brought to meet the principal, even if her words were nothing but kind.
"Then why?" Steve demanded, turning and planting one hand on the desk, leaning towards him.
"That was to them, not to you, Steve," Rhodey said. "Happy, that's my foot inside the armor."
Two of the men closest to Tony suddenly burst out in flames, completely engulfed. Another window shattered, and inside the warehouse behind Tony, something exploded, making the ground tremble.
"No," Bucky said, studying her face and trying to make himself care.
"Tony? How are you feeling?" asked a voice that wasn't Steve's, but equally unexpected.
"Look, even if you're right about him," the Bent-Root representative spoke up again, sounding skeptical, "what do you suggest we do? He's been with the Northerners for over two weeks. He could be anywhere by now—for all we know, he might not even be alive anymore!"
"Pair of hikers two days ago. You are first person since then," the man says.
"What if I need to go lower because of the investigation?" Steve tried.
"It's dangerous down there. Wouldn't want you to get into trouble," Ultron replied.
"He went on an expedition—he and the rest of his team. They were gone for over a month. I think it was somewhere in South America? Or Central, maybe? I'm not sure. Exploring all kinds of exotic places with ancient ruins is what he does," Jan explained, as if she wasn't sure whether Steve knew that. "He used to do it before the war, and went back to it, after."
Tony proved those doubts wrong right away. He gave Steve a sultry look. "I thought you might want to do it."
This conversation was only growing more confusing as it went on. "Important to whom? To Tony? To you? Just what kind of police are you anyway?"
"Definitely," Bucky said, eyes lighting up with excitement. It didn't seem to matter to him that he didn't know who or what Iron Man was.
Take Pepper, for one. Tony didn't get any kind of a magical synchronization vibe from her, and yet he loved her more than he'd ever loved anyone before. He'd give up everything for her. He'd pluck the arc reactor from his chest and hand it out if she asked him to. That had to be worth something, even if they didn't share some random string of DNA.
"You're coming, too?" Steve was pleased and surprised to hear that. "What about your work?"
There was a soft, metallic click behind him: the helmet detaching from the rest of the armor. Iron Man set it down on the ground by his gauntlets. All Steve would have to do would be to turn his head slightly, and he'd see Iron Man's face. It would be so easy, and he wanted it so badly, but he'd promised, and he kept his promises. He knew from experience how difficult it was to deal with secret identities. He wouldn't betray Iron Man's trust. He kept his eyes on the wall in front of him.
He felt more disgusting than he had when covered in that dripping orange goop.
Tony held out his hand, the flames on it lighting the way for him and Steve as they walked back to the cabin. The soft, warm flicker flicker brought to mind a torch, and gave the moment a dreamlike mood. It was only fitting; Steve couldn't quite bring himself to believe that they'd reconciled with one another.
"Ah, of course, just one minute," Jan said, and disappeared into the next room.
He tapped on the coffee table in front of him to bring up a screen and a projected keyboard.
"No idea. Do tell," Tony replies. He's wanted to know more since he first saw that android in the cave. At least he finally will, even if he's expecting to lose Steve soon after.
Steve knew this might not mean anything; whatever Tony had left him, he could've done that before the final confrontation with the Kingpin. Still, he was so excited he could barely breathe, his heart hammering against his ribs.
He'd made two rounds and was on his third, at the point furthest away from Steve, when the cars arrived. Three of them, black Jaguars, that parked close to the edge of the water. Tony stopped in the headlights, raising his hands in fists, as people started filing out of the cars.
Fury faced him unblinkingly. "Because we didn't know what to make of you, but we knew you could be important."
Tony stares at him, utterly at a loss for words, mouth hanging open.
He could bring himself to enjoy this, being alone in the wilderness, only worrying about the very basic necessities of life. The simplicity of it is soothing. No one knows where he is, so there's no need to think about lying low, and since he's alone, he can momentarily forget all concerns about his team as well. There are no Accords out here. No Avengers, either. Just fresh air, sunny blue skies, an endless expanse of greens and browns, and the many textures of the pathless ground beneath his boots.
On the fourth night since he'd woken up, after a day spent on useless interviews with Hammer, Nina, and Noa, Steve walked to the elevator in his apartment and requested the street floor.
Steve could tell Tony wasn't really buying it, and the truth was, he probably wouldn't have bought it himself. Still, he decided to stick to the cover he'd picked, as unconvincing as it was. "Not at the moment, no. You've got one, I suppose? At some auto shop?"
Combined with the occasional errands he ran for their hosts at the guesthouse, the travel preparations gave Steve something to do over the following days, so that he didn't feel like he was just sitting around doing nothing.
As long as Tony hadn't been recognized as Tony, though, the rest of the case stood still. So Steve waited.
"True, but then again, I'm no use to them if I'm dead," Tony reminded her.
"Since I was still stuck in bed, I had a lot of time to think, and I kept working on ways to improve the design. The second version was small enough that I could carry it around in a backpack. Through many rounds of trial and error and occasional setbacks that left me at death's door, it became the device that's currently implanted in my chest. It's not a perfect solution, but it works. Despite the years I've spent searching all corners of the world, I haven't found anything better. Now that I've got a power source that should last for the rest of my life, I've come to accept that this is how I'll spend it, however long it ends up being.
He asked Ultron for a summary of the events at SHIELD. What he got matched what he'd already heard, and sounded very much like the conspirators had come out on top afterwards. Most of his friends and colleagues were described as culprits in a takeover attempt, and their elimination or imprisonment as a stabilizing move that had allowed SHIELD to return to its normal routines. Steve had an awful feeling that those routines would be quite different from what he was used to.
A prototype, like Tony had already suspected. It doesn't explain how Steve's counterpart ended up in that cave in the Altai mountains, though. "Do you know what happened to them?"
Steve backs away from Tony, letting go of him entirely and tensing up. Clearly, the moment is lost. "I can't. They wouldn't understand, and they might report me to CyberLife, who'd send someone to take me away."
Tony leaned his head on Steve's shoulder, his hand squeezing Steve's bicep. "Yeah. You know I do. I've been away for too long already. I can't expect Jarvis to do all my work for me, after all. Besides, even though Sam's family might make the exception, the other inhabitants of Canyon City won't. I'm not welcome there."
"What you did was the most logical choice in a difficult situation," Steve says, his fingers curling around Tony's, not letting go.
"Costs of repairs will be subtracted from your personal account," the cab was telling him. "The authorities will be contacted regarding this act of vandalism!"
Tony doesn't sit, and puts his hands in his pockets to keep himself from fidgeting. He has no reason to be this agitated—he knows Kamski's not going to judge him—but he can't help it.
Dad had probably fallen for the soulmate bullshit so hard because it'd been a handy explanation to a lifetime of failed relationships: they hadn't worked out because he'd been meant to meet his mysterious One True Love. Tony had no such delusions. He was well aware he was just fundamentally incapable of lasting commitments. He'd accepted this as a teen, and made the best of it. Who needed commitments, when he could have all the sex he wanted with the prettiest girls and most gorgeous guys the world had to offer, right?
Steve was stunned. Tony had loved him for years? All that time, and he'd never said anything. Steve thought back to all the time they'd spent together, sharing meals, watching movies, playing games. So many afternoons lounging in the common spaces of the Tower and sparring in the gym. And then there were the countless times they'd fought side by side, seamlessly, saving the world together. He had always enjoyed Tony's company, and he'd always been fond of Tony. Being around Tony had always made his days that little bit brighter and more special.
For all his reputation as an inspiring speaker, Steve isn't sure he's making much sense at all. Tony probably wouldn't be very convinced if he were conscious. But he isn't, which means Steve is as good as alone in this quiet hut, and he keeps talking.
Since the situation wasn’t urgent, Steve wasn’t going to let Tony leap into action, most likely making things worse for himself.
"We can do more good if we don't have to spend all our time and resources on sorting this out," Rhodey said.
"Old fashioned chivalry, too," Tony commented, still smiling, and stepped in.
The corners of Fury's lips curled into the slightest of smiles. "Well, tell you the truth, Captain, you're not alone in that. Sometimes, it turns out we don't understand the universe quite as well as we assumed."
He ignored the voice at the back of his mind reminding him that psychological trauma would carry over and wouldn't magically vanish in frame space.
"It's not a story," a bald man dressed in a slightly rumpled suit spoke up. "I saw that too, but I don't think he was flying, I think he fell. From one of the windows."
********************
“He isn’t, though,” Steve said.
Later that afternoon, Obie shows up. Tony supposes it's to chew him up for still not getting his act together.
"It's been forever since I've been this close to anyone," Tony said, his thoughts clearly moving in the same direction as Steve's.
Tony took Steve in his mouth again, and this time, it wasn't as tentative. He swallowed most of Steve's length with so little effort, it left no doubt as to his experience—Steve wasn't a small guy. It felt like—Steve had nothing to compare it to. The uncanny heat of Tony's mouth was different from any human touch Steve had experienced, be it a hand or a mouth or an ass. It definitely felt a little scary, but somehow, even with all the suspicions of what Tony might've done, he'd also made it clear he wanted this to be good for Steve. He believed without a doubt that if he asked Tony to stop, he would.
Feeling so perplexed that he lost the mood for a moment, Steve held on to Tony's foot and put his cheek against Tony's leg, nuzzling it, to buy himself more time to think.
When the two apes saw each other, they started chattering excitedly and hurried to where the edges of their cages met. They reached across the space separating them with their freakish arms, clasping each other’s hands.
His eyelids closed in spite of his struggles. He was just too tired and hurting too much; he knew he shouldn't sleep, but he also wanted that more than anything.
Steve sat down, stretching his arms and legs, his frame on full display. It really was a handsome one, if he said so himself, with the wide shoulders, impressive arms and firm pecs nicely contrasted by the narrow waist. He'd definitely place it in the top ten frames he'd been in,  if someone asked him to make an aesthetic judgement.
Seren stepped away from Tony, straightened to her full height and hissed angrily at Bucky.
Steve wasn't going to. Whatever she had to say, he wasn't interested. He ran past the stalls where he'd shopped earlier, water splashing at his feet.
"We theorized this could happen," Tony explains to Sam. He seems to have calmed down a little now that he has Steve in front of him, Steve's hand clasped in his. "We didn't know, of course, but it seemed likely there might be some kind of a unique response the super soldier serum induced in him when he got too cold. A kind of hibernation. If you look at his brainwaves, that's not sleep. That's more like a coma."
According to Ultron, there were no traces of tampering on the recording. There had been no one else in the room at the time, with all the cubicles empty. A few minutes after Tony had collapsed to the floor in a pool of blood, Natalie showed up. When she did, her expression was openly shocked. In contrast to that, her quick response to the situation seemed professional to the point that Steve could've almost called it suspicious, but then again, perhaps it was just training and experience.
He reaches to feel for a pulse at Tony's throat, but just as he knows to expect, the skin beneath his fingers is cold and lifeless.
He was tense all over with the anticipation. He stretched out his legs in front of him, making his hardening cock much more visible. If Iron Man had had any doubts about what Steve expected, that should make it quite clear.
He went on peeling off the rest of the garment. Tony was, in fact, wearing briefs, so he wasn't quite as naked as he'd been in Steve's dream. When he had the coveralls bunched up at Tony's ankles, he nudged Tony to sit down on the bed, so he could pull the fabric over his feet and onto the floor.
“There was no drink, Tony,” Steve told him.
"If you're not fed up with my voice yet, I'd love to," Tony said.
"What's a cow?" Alban asked back, reminding Bucky that most of the animals he was familiar with didn't exist on the island. The farms around the town had herds of mammals that he thought of as cows, but they weren't actually the same species at all.
Far too soon, it was almost midday. As much as he wanted to stay, he couldn't brush aside his sense of duty for the things he needed to do, let alone the foreboding feeling of the night's meeting getting closer and closer. He needed to get out there, back in the real world, where things weren't as simple and sweet as they'd been in this drab hotel room.
Of course, Tony knew there was one major flaw in his own line of thinking. If he stuck to his guns until he passed out from going too long without water, and the Northerners sent someone to make sure he wasn't actually dead, there was a risk that they'd notice the sunstone in his chest. That was something he absolutely couldn't let them find.
When they finally let go, after what felt like several minutes, Tony was panting again, making Steve feel breathless, in a good way.
The way Jarvis was talking about this, defensive almost to the point of being angry, made it sound like there were things about Tony's private life he didn't want Steve prodding at. It didn't have to mean that Tony liked men. Maybe he was into something else that would be frowned upon if it got out into the open.
Iron Man's reply was enough to confirm he meant everything Steve was hoping for: he slid one hand along Steve's shoulder to cup his face in a gesture that was suggestive and affectionate at the same time. Steve turned his head and kissed Iron Man's bare palm; Iron Man let out a sigh that Steve could hear even through his helmet.
Tony gave him a glare. He really, really didn't have time for this. "He's a herbivore."
"Stop him! Shoot him! Knock him out, whatever it takes," the Kingpin was yelling.
If it had been only the fire and the collapsed building, Steve would've been far more optimistic. He knew Tony had already survived a number of fires, as well as the cave-in of the underground temple where the Fountain had been, but there had also been those bullet wounds in Tony's chest. Steve was certain at least one, if not several of them had been through the heart. Even someone with a healing factor wouldn't shrug off an injury like that. Put together with everything else—he doubted anyone could survive all of it.
Tony stayed quiet for a good while after that, studying Steve, his unsteady breathing loud in the cool night air. When he finally spoke up, his voice was cautious, as if he were as afraid as Steve that one misstep might make the moment fall apart. "I enjoyed it a lot, too, you know. My biggest regret was that you couldn't stay longer."
Tony let out a gasp.
"You're my new owner," Steve clarifies.
"I'm not in the least interested in your ethical disagreements," the Kingpin interrupted them. "Stick to the facts. Are you saying Stark also drank from this Fountain?"
"That him?" the Northerner wielding the hunting rifle, a tall man with a stubbled chin, asked the metal-armed one.
The initial shock starting to settle, he realized that no gunshots or additional explosions had followed the first one. Hopefully, that meant someone had just wanted to scare them and to block their path instead of hurting them.
"Oh, all right, then, Captain," Tony relented.
"Yes," Steve agreed. "The question is how."
Down here, on the street levels, hiding from the authorities and with limited resources, there was no chance Tony would be able to afford the procedure to restore a broken node. Dear heavens. Steve had thought he'd had it rough. Compared to this, he'd been lucky.
Pepper pursed her lips. "Actually, you might need a little more background for this to make sense. You already know what we want to achieve in the end, right?"
"And a lost coat and a torn pant leg, by the looks of it," Tony pointed out. He put one hand on Steve's arm and crouched to get a closer look at his calf.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Most of the blood wasn’t even mine."
Steve couldn't disagree with that. "You do, and I'm lagging far behind. You still haven't told me why you've brought me here."
Steve didn't want to believe it.
"Probably not," Tony said, still looking uncomfortable. "If I hadn't been, I wouldn't have met you, though."
Steve had known Tony for less than a day, but the man had gotten under his skin in a way he couldn't have expected. Tony was loud and annoying and confrontational, but he was also bright and funny and charismatic, and he seemed to fill a room the second he walked into it, instantly catching everyone's full attention. The thought that he was gone hit Steve hard. It felt as if something were missing, something he'd not even realized was there, like a background noise just at the threshold of his hearing that had been silenced. The world felt terribly empty and lonely without it.
That doesn't sound like a meltdown. It sounds like an awakening. Steve's struggling because of
"I'll be happy with whatever you choose," Steve said, taken aback that Tony would even ask that. "You don't need to think about me."
Outside, it was getting late, sunset pinks and oranges coloring the sky. Most people would be gathering for dinner around now, those with families in their homes, the young people like Bucky at the canteen. He wasn't hungry at all. He had too much on his mind.
He touched down, his boots splashing in the layer of filthy water on top of the tarmac. That, at least, hadn't changed.
"Happy," Pepper told him in a mildly scolding tone. "You're making me nervous."
Miss Potts approached him in confident steps, her smile faltering only slightly. "No, not me," she replied. "I'm here to represent my employer, Tony Stark."
He backed away, letting his hands rest on Tony's hips.
What he didn't say was that he intended it to be an amphibious one, traveling on both land and sea, so that when he went on the run, he'd only need to make it to the shore to escape. He'd seen the sea on their way here, and he knew they couldn't be far from it, a few miles at the most.
Maya crawled over to hide in Steve's earlier shelter behind the barrels. Steve figured she'd be as safe as she could be there, and charged at the thugs who'd been shooting at them.
Once the worst of the fit had passed, he tried to force his eyes to open, but that hurt, too. Far less so than his arm, and yet still too much. The skin of his face felt tight, his eyes crusty, like maybe all of it was covered in blood.
"What I would like to know," Tony went on, his eyes fixed on Steve's, "is how I'm so lucky as to run into you for the second night in a row!"
He'd known to expect something like this. He was flooding his system with a virus carrying foreign genetic material, after all. He got up from his desk, leaning on its edge, his head swimming. Once he was convinced he could trust his balance, he shuffled across the room to fetch a few blankets from the emergency stash, then curled up on the couch under them, shivering violently.
There are footsteps at the far end of the room, and for a brief moment, hope flashes through Tony's mind. Steve. Steve will get him out of this.
"Well, not without a decent medical scan, unless you're the one inside the frame," Steve said.
Steve stays at the doorstep, his frown deepening. "Sorry. It's a basic function, I can't turn it off. Can I come in?"
Steve wanted to tell Tony not to go; to insist that it was obviously a trap, and that surely Tony must realize that, too. Suggest to him that he should run away and hide and stay safe, as much as Steve knew he'd never do that himself, if he were in Tony's shoes. He couldn't say these things, of course, not without revealing that he'd listened in on the call.
Steve closed his eyes and leaned the back of his head against the wall behind him, the bruises at his neck protesting as he did. Tony wanted to kill the man who'd supplanted him. Tony had recruited Pepper to convince Stane to bring Steve out of storage.
"The company owns plenty of buildings, and normally, I'd think he'd just hide in one of the labs, but I don't think he's doing that now. Not when he doesn't want to involve anyone else," Pepper said thoughtfully. "He might just be staying in a hotel, somewhere convenient."
"As the first step towards getting there, we needed to figure out where he has backups, and how to delete them," Pepper went on. "We already knew beforehand that he does the uploads at night, when he's asleep, but that's probably among the most secure data streams in the solar system, and snooping on it runs a high risk of being detected by Ultron. What's more accessible is the download out of the storage location and into the clinic where they put him in a new clone in case of frame death, so that was our target."
"I'll do that," Pepper said. "And I wish you the best of luck with the investigation."
"How is it that somehow dad always gets the last word?" Tony complained. "Here's to you, you old bastard. I'm sure you're gloating, wherever you are." He raised his glass and knocked back the last of the drink.
"Steve? Steve, can you hear me?" Rhodey asked.
He couldn't even hold a book and turn the pages at the same time, because he would've needed two hands for that.
The roof was around thirty meters squared of flat concrete, with no cover anywhere. There was only one way in, a door leading to a stairway in one corner. Hardly optimal. The criminals occupying the building would undoubtedly have set up proximity sensors, so the Commandos were expecting to meet some resistance.
"I won't believe for a second that you don't know the truth about him, but fine. Take me to Tony Stark." Either way, it was Tony, not Stane, who Steve really wanted to see.
Steve was glad for the mask he was wearing, because it hopefully hid some of his flustered expression. He could've sworn Tony was flirting with him, but he knew that was wishful thinking. No doubt it was just Tony being his charismatic self. He had no secret identity, and held a reputation as quite the ladies' man. Steve, on the other hand, was always careful to separate Captain America, the flawless icon, and Steve Rogers, a man with preferences that were generally considered questionable.
"I know you will," Steve said. What he'd seen of Tony so far gave him every reason to believe that.
"Just so you know, I didn't take his money. He gave it to me, in exchange for handing this to you," the receptionist said, his tone defensive, although Steve hadn't even touched the wallet yet. "I've got to say, he seemed like a man on his way to the gallows."
He doesn't want to tell Steve, because he doesn't want to drive Steve away. Besides, if Tony tells him something that makes him want to leave, he has nowhere to go. Then again, androids don't actually have feelings, which means they don't get angry—and anyway, if Steve's programming tells him to stay with Tony no matter what—
"Are you sure you're all right?" Pepper asked, her voice cautious.
"Well, whether it helped or not, it was stupidly risky. Ultron could've caught you in some kind of a loop. You could've ended up stuck there with me. Shit." Tony let out a shaky breath and buried his hands in his hair, hunched into himself. "You shouldn't have. All of that. I don't deserve this. You and all the others, you'll be in so much trouble now. You should've just—"
Following his best guess for where the voice came from, Steve heads to the wilderness again, his concern driving him to run as fast as he can. He thinks he would've been able to spot Tony if he were anywhere within line of sight from the hut, so he makes his way to a vantage point halfway up a hill where he can see the next valley.
His life turned into a dull monotony of frustrating, maddeningly slow work. He still didn't know what time of day it was outside the dungeon that was now his entire world. James, who'd apparently been designated as his primary keeper, seemed to show up at regular intervals to take him to the Vault. Tony had started to think of that as morning. For all he knew, it might've as well been midnight. He missed the sun terribly, and not just because he needed it to replenish the sunstone. Spending day after day staring at the same stone walls would've driven him out of his wits if not for his building project and the company of his fellow prisoners, Seren in the cells and Pearly-eye the
He flew back to the Avengers compound and retreated to his workshop, putting it in full lockdown mode.
"There is a time for letting go," Seren replied, speaking more slowly; the formality in her pronunciation suggested that she was quoting some Dinotopian saying Tony wasn't familiar with. "That is when you are old and know that you have lived a good life. Your time is not yet, Tony Stark."
If only Tony could be sure he could trust James—then he could explain the whole thing, and he was willing to bet James would help him. But even the slight risk of him telling the others about the sunstone would be too much of a gamble. Tony would rather die than have the Northerners find out about it. If he got outside, he'd have to be very careful how he went on about exposing it to the sun. If. It wasn't looking very likely at all.
don't mind, though, I might just sleep in."
Eliana bowed her head briefly before confirming his fears. "I'm afraid so. The caravan he was traveling with was ambushed. The Northerners took him."
"In that case, don't go anywhere," the receptionist said, pushed the glass at Steve, and disappeared into a back room.
Staring into the distance almost makes him miss the clue that's right under his nose. Uphill and to the left, less than a hundred feet from him, the camo-green parachute container sits abandoned on the hillside.
The dinosaur tilted his head curiously, his eyes following Bucky, but other than that, he stood his ground. He stayed equally still, perfectly docile, as Bucky stooped to release the fetters chaining him to the wall, then finished by lifting away the heavy iron collar.
"Lead and I'll follow, Captain!" Tony said, gesturing onwards.
"You know Steve Rogers?" Bucky asked back.
Tony chuckled softly. "I'm having a hard time believing you're for real."
Since Steve now has shelter and even some food, he decides that he might as well wait at the hut for a while, let his clothes dry, and see if Tony shows up, just to set his mind at rest.
Tony was down on both knees now, coughing, the blood running down his chin dimming the glow of his skin.
"It isn't," Tony said.
He tried to heed her words, he really did. He tried to focus on the idea of making that one last escape attempt so that he could at least say he went down fighting.
"I never actually said I was going to leave," Steve said.
Tony rested the his cheek against the cool stone wall of his cell, wishing futilely that it'd clear his head.
"I always thought it's nonsense, same as you," Pepper corrected him. "Although yes, romantic nonsense at that. I'm still not sure what I think, when it's just the one study. The media's loving it, of course. 'Science confirms: soulmates exist' is the top of the news on every channel and website."
Tony crossed his arms, and as his smile faded, it left him looking about as nervous as Steve felt. Steve remembered wondering, eighty years ago—a couple of weeks ago—if Tony would look different, wearing a younger body once he wasn't young anymore. He thought he could see a difference now. Something about his eyes, a depth beneath the excitement that hadn't been there before. Still, he couldn't help the feeling that he'd suddenly been transported backwards in time. There wasn't the slightest risk that he'd mistake this clone for the one Stane had used.
"Except to sleep," Tony said. He turned onto his other side, so he could settle properly in Steve's arms, his back against Steve's front.
"Point taken, though you did start. Santé." Hammer raised his glass a little more and brought it to his lips.
Steve replied to him, tugging at the yarn in rapid sequence—so fast, in fact, that Tony asked him to slow down. Steve did, but he didn't stop.
"Do you know if, by any chance, Tony was at a party Miss van Dyne threw five days ago?" Steve tried.
"Getting out of bed to go to the bathroom felt like a day's worth of hiking, and I was constantly short of breath. I still remember the exact words of the doctor who delivered the devastating verdict back then: 'I'm deeply sorry, Mr. Stark, but all this strain you've put on your heart has damaged it beyond what we can treat. All we can do now is to make the rest of your days as comfortable as possible.' There were some medications that they suggested, but they didn't help, and left me nauseous. No one expected me to live longer than a few weeks, maybe months, if I was lucky.
"I won't," Tony said curtly.
"It's just that I," Tony began, then shook his head where it rested. "I keep thinking, this is so perfect. This is too perfect. I keep expecting I'll wake up. Alone. Back in..." he trailed off, like completing the thought aloud would be too painful.
"No, the original information was provided by our Interpol liaison." The way she said that, it was obvious she had her doubts about the validity of it. "Maybe there's nothing going on. Maybe I've just grown paranoid with these political games going on above me, but I don't like this. I wanted to tell you to be careful out there. Keep your eyes and ears open, and watch your back."
Tony moved closer to Steve, resting his chin against Steve's shoulder, his beard tickling Steve's skin. "I'm not," Tony admitted.
He probably goes through every stage of grief on his way back to the hut, aside from acceptance. He's not ready to accept this. He's not sure how he ever will be. After everything the Avengers have been through, this is such a stupid, utterly pointless loss.
"Just a moment."
"Self-defense or not, it doesn't justify burning people alive, or destroying the homes of my friends," Tony said.
It seemed to take a few seconds for Pepper to catch what he meant, but then, she said, "You and him? Tony, that's amazing!"
Steve blew out a breath. "Impossible to remove, tricky to disable." It was common practice for temporary rental fakes, and he'd expected something like that, but it didn't make it any less dispiriting. "How did you block it?"
Steve wasn't sure he liked the idea very much.
"Would if I could, ma'am," Ultron still resisted. "See, if some blockhead hadn't shot at the control wiring, this would be a lot easier. I
He could feel a tear sliding down his face and absently wondered what Bucky would make of all this. Not that it mattered.
Stark hung his head, too, heaving out a shaky breath that was loud enough for Bucky to hear from several paces away.
"Maybe a little, but we're resting anyway. Are you still in pain?" Tony returned.
Because things can always get worse no matter how wretched they are, in the small hours it starts to rain. The sad little fire sputters out entirely, and once it's gone, Tony realizes that it was still better than nothing, the way the chill quickly grows even more intense.
"He was," Jan admitted. "He tends to be, if he's in town, and whenever he organizes something, I'm there in turn. Always good fun. If I may ask, why're you so interested in what Tony's up to?"
"Miss Potts has some ideas regarding my duties," Steve says. His smile looks genuinely enthusiastic, and even if it's all plastic and code, it still does funny things to Tony's insides. It takes him a moment to register the content of Steve's sentence.
"It didn't," Steve confirmed, as if it hadn't been obvious anyway.
"I think it's the best one you'll get," Fury said. "The last one, as well."
The bartender's eyes darkened. "You've got to be kidding me. You walk in here looking like a top-floor thrill seeker gone slumming, and try to pay me with street-level coin? That's bullshit. You pay me in proper money, I'm sure you've got plenty. I can smell it on you."
"Tell that to all the people who've gotten hurt because of it," Tony said.
Steve couldn't be around for the actual procedure, of course. Worse still, it was so uncommon that there was only a single hospital in all of New York City with the required facilities, and only a handful of specialists capable of performing it, meaning they had to trust people who didn't come with Fury's recommendations. They ran background checks, of course, and the doctor in charge, Helen Cho, seemed both highly qualified and entirely dedicated to her job. As Natasha put it, not someone with the kind of profile easily bought off by Hydra.
The second wave of dizziness was probably more mental than physical, with the panic overtaking him at the thought that the sunstone was dead, leaving his ailing heart without support.
Fury had assured him that the wire he wore—a combination of contact lenses and an in-ear unit no larger than the head of a pin—would be undetectable no matter what kinds of sensors Ultron had. He'd just have to trust that.
Tony shook his head where it rested against the wall. "No. Don't. Not that."
Bucky had decided to stay as impartial as he could when it came to Stark, but he still couldn't help feeling intrigued watching the man work. Currently, Stark was cataloguing every piece of technology in the large room, from huge silvery armor plates to the tiniest cogwheels and bolts, rearranging them into more or less ordered piles and writing down what he'd found on the piece of parchment he'd been provided with.
He stumbled, landed on his knees, and forced himself to get back up again, gritting his teeth. He was fairly sure it wasn't a bad hit, but with his hands caught behind his back, he couldn't put pressure on the wound, so it was bleeding freely. That really wasn't a good thing in carnivore country. Not good at all.
"I'd already decided to help, that's why I came down here," Bucky said. "So, what can I do? Will you finally tell me what's wrong with you?"
"How do you mean?" Steve asked.
"You're right, I don't know, and that was unfair of me," Steve said. He deserved that reprimand. Looking at the situation from another angle, it was impressive that the resistance had survived for such a long time. He'd had it easy, himself, spending all that time in storage. He let go of the chair and squared his shoulders. "So. I'm here now, and I want to join the fight. How can I help you?"
Steve's meeting with the NYPD was as fruitless as he'd expected: their technicians were still picking around the remains of Hammer's rogue drone, and aside from that, the investigation was at a standstill. Steve thanked Coulson for his time and asked the station AI to call him a cab.
"Sure," he said, walked over, and settled on the bed by Tony's side, propped on one elbow.
"We're safe," Steve answered. "Team Three and Rhodes, that is. We lost Tony."
"There's someone we need to capture, a malicious and very intelligent man who could be invaluable to our cause if we can get him to cooperate. Perhaps you've heard of him in the outside world. His name is Tony Stark," the Mayor said, handing Bucky a sketch of a man with a beard and a mustache.
In a way, the touch cut deeper than a knife. With violence and pain, it had been easy to convince himself it wasn't really Tony he was facing and to distance himself from it. This—this was too close to how things had been between him them, so that even as it made him feel queasy, it also brought up a yearning that made his face burn with shame. He did miss something like this, he missed Tony, the one from the past, and he missed being touched.
"I'm not going anywhere until I've got the full picture," Steve said, keeping his tone neutral. "Help me understand."
To cover for the moment of distraction, Steve leaned closer and pressed a kiss on Tony's stomach. Doing that, he realized that every inch of skin that he saw was perfectly smooth. He wouldn't have expected that. He knew Tony had been in the war, just as Steve had, and had been adventuring for many years before that. Surely he must've been injured at least a few times. There should've been some scars.
After several more minutes of waiting and listening, he makes up his mind. He has to go look for Tony. If that was him, and he was calling out for help, Steve can't ignore it.
It was best for everyone this way.
"I had help! My team was right there, brought out of their tents by the noise," Tony tried.
"Stane's expecting us. Whatever we do, we'll be walking straight into a trap," Rhodey said.
"No," Steve growled.
Steve waited for a minute before following the two men. The door they'd walked through opened into a corridor with several more doors in it. He couldn't tell which one the two had picked, so he tried each of them. First, again, he found restrooms, then a cleaning closet, and a locked door that he forced open, only to reveal a storage room full of crates and barrels of beer.
With some particular facial expressions, Tony's frame reminded him uncomfortably of Stane, but Tony looked clearly older, closer to his fifties than his forties, flecks of gray in his hair and beard. It suited him better than the young clone, Steve had to admit; it was as if a trace of his troubled past remained in the wrinkles around his eyes. He wasn't sure if those details were on purpose, or simply a natural consequence of aging the clone. To contrast the distinguished looks, the shirt he wore under his asymmetrically-cut suit jacket had a shifting electric blue hologram image on its front, something that vaguely reminded Steve of a blaster bolt—probably a band logo. A modernized, upgraded version of his earlier style.
"Sorry, I didn't mean dead-gone, he's just, vanished. Disappeared. No longer there," Bucky clarified, spreading his arms.
If Tony could travel back in time and change things, he'd choose to save the other Steve, even if it cost him his life. There's no doubt about it in his mind anymore.
Bruce took off his glasses and pinched the bridge of his nose. What the hell was he going to do?
"I barely feel that," Steve commented. "Harder."
"I think I'd like that," Tony said.
Bucky would have recognized the name even without the familiar-looking picture. He'd seen drawings of this man before, on the cover of a magazine called Marvels; he'd quite enjoyed reading those adventures. "I have, and I know he's intelligent, but I don't think he's evil."
"You're not going anywhere, not anymore. Not until I get some answers. Where were you, Steve?" Tony asked again.
Even though Steve can't move much more than Tony, he can still speak. "Leave him alone. Whatever you've done to him, you fix it and leave, right now," he says, his voice a dangerous growl.
Once she let go of his hand, Steve figured it was time to move on; he didn't expect to learn much more from her. He approached the rest of the onlookers next. Many of them were already staring at him, thanks to the costume that made him stand out.
"I used to think I wasn't," Tony said softly. "I'm not so sure anymore. Not since the war, really."
The relief was so overwhelming, Steve nearly dropped the handset. His knees felt a little weak, too. He leaned on the wall for balance.
He was supposed to be trying to solve this case. Instead, he'd had sex with his suspect. Sure, he'd probably advanced the investigation more overnight than he would've otherwise, but—what in God's name had he been thinking?
He looked around at the piles of rubble that had been walls and ceiling mere hours ago. There could still be a mundane explanation to this. Maybe it would turn out that the warehouse hadn't been empty, after all, but a secret, illegal storage for something highly flammable. Looking at it, though, he didn't see any hints of anything like that. No remains of containers of any kind.
"Maya hasn't wanted to talk about it. Understandably. It must've been awful. So, what I already said is pretty much all I heard," Dr. Harris said. "There's one other strange thing I should mention, though, which is how the whole thing got funded. There wasn't a penny of grant money spent on it. They had external backing. From some rather unsavory types, I might say."
Steve falls quiet when he feels the slightest movement under his arms, and realizes that Tony has taken a proper, deep breath, the first one since Steve found him on that hillside.
"Evening, Ed. I think I owe you one," he said, placing a glass in front of Tony, then pulling up a chair for himself.
Steve sat in the hospital room by Tony's side and waited. Tony's hand still felt too cold, but at least his expression had slackened to the oblivion of sleep.
It hadn't stopped him from following Tony on several dangerous missions, including the current one: searching for a magical ring that might not even exist in the catacombs deep beneath occupied Paris. Now, the two of them were stuck in a collapsed tunnel, surrounded by darkness full of bones and dust and spiderwebs. Even the earthy smell of the air was foreboding.
Tony crawled over to sit between Steve's legs, caressing Steve's thighs with both palms in long strokes, from knee to hip. "Decent doesn't even begin to cover it. I may be biased, though. It's a frame with you in it."
The place looked like Tony's workshop at SHIELD HQ, back when SHIELD had still been good, except that workshop had been all shiny and new, and this one looked run-down, as did its owner.
Getting out of bed, Steve still felt slightly woozy, but it passed as they walked across the apartment to the bathroom. In fact, he realized that any trace of the earlier lack of coordination, that perception of a lag between his mind and his frame, was completely gone. He felt settled in, far better than he'd been before. That was good, considering tomorrow.
The next morning, he felt slightly embarrassed he'd even done that. Why waste so much time and lose sleep thinking about someone who'd be happier if the two of them had never even met?
What he
If Stark and the dinosaurs were actually having proper conversations, Bucky had no idea what they were saying. Maybe they were making escape plans. Maybe Stark's plea to get out of the dungeon was a part of that, a move in a game Bucky didn't understand.
"Is this Tony's doing or SHIELD's parole rules?" Steve demanded, leaning against the wall.
None of the others made a move to indicate that they wanted out.
Their plan relied on the cover of the night and on the town not being too heavily guarded. Natasha hadn't been able to get detailed information regarding the enemy's defenses, but they were likely to be minimal. The Northerners wouldn't expect the pacifistic Dinotopians to attack them, and the town wasn't even close to any disputed areas or terrain inhabited by dinosaurs.
"We'll try our best, of course," Jarvis promised. "I've sent out word to the elders of several nearby towns, calling them to a meeting on the day after tomorrow. Hopefully they'll have more insight into this. Maybe they'll also be able to spare a few volunteers to join our rescue party."
"Tony?" she was calling out to him now.
"We can't get through," Sam told Steve, his hushed voice full of frustration. "We think the gates can only be opened from the inside."
He wished things could've been different.
Of course, he was also desperately tired, just in general. The painkiller was starting to take the edge off his headache, and he found his eyelids drooping. He shifted to lie down, his back turned towards the door and the people still in the room, and pulled the blanket up to his chin.
He's getting out of here, no question about it.
It was like a scene from a nightmare, happening in slow motion: Bucky jerked backwards and fell. The backs of his knees hit the parapet, but it was so low that he just folded right over it. His mouth was open, and he might've been screaming, but Steve couldn't hear it over the ringing in his ears.
Steve hadn't even gotten off his bike when Tony emerged from the house, no doubt alerted by the sound of the approaching engine.
Rhodey was right, of course. As much as Steve wanted to just take a cab straight to Stark Tower, punch Stane in the face and carry Tony out of there, he knew that wasn't something he could actually do. They'd need a plan. A better one than their previous operation, implemented with far less to work with. Not an easy equation to solve. And all of that was assuming Tony was still alive in the first place—but he had to be. Steve didn't want to consider the other alternative.
"Well, it's not public knowledge," Steve clarified. "We didn't release any of this to the news streams, so they're just speculating about the mysterious police operation at Stark Tower. But SHIELD definitely knows."
Tapio replies by motioning at the lake and pronouncing an entirely incomprehensible word that must be its name. "I can show on the map," he adds.
Those descriptions weren’t too far off from how Steve felt, himself. He decided it was good enough for him. And that meant there was only one very important question left. “So, you wouldn’t want to kiss me again, would you?”
"It's better than the alternative. If you ever end up at their mercy again, you won't be coming back," Tony said, hugging Steve closer. "Not now that you've reminded them just how much of a threat you can be."
"You mean you would've preferred the possibility of torture, then?" Steve crosses his arms and stands up to tower over Tony.
Bucky had seen several dinosaurs himself during his training, and they'd been as scary as anything he'd ever witnessed when working alongside Captain America. He'd learned how to fight them, too, although it was difficult. They were much stronger than humans and had thick skin, sometimes even reinforced by natural armor plating—not to mention all the horns and teeth.
"Steve, Steve, Steve," Stane said, tutting and shaking his head.
"I think I've done enough damage for now," Tony went on. "Better go and lie low for a bit. Maybe I should get a secret hideout like Barton's. Just minus the kids and the matched spouse."
"I've thought about it, yeah," Tony said, slowly, hesitantly. "I might need some more time to make up my mind. It's kind of overwhelming, the idea that I could just pick whatever I want. How about you?"
He opened his eyes to brightness that was overwhelming after all the time he'd spent in the dark. He raised a hand to his brow, blinking furiously.
By the time the doors opened again and Ultron's voice announced they were on the fiftieth floor, everyone else had left the car. Steve stepped out of it to find a welcoming committee consisting of a pair of drones. The landing was empty of people; he assumed Ultron had purposefully restricted access to it for the moment.
"Well, there's an obvious one based on the second murder. I'll get to that. And then there's always Happy Hogan, my ex-chief of security," Tony said, with an ugly sneer. "I'm sure he carries a grudge after I let him go, but Ultron's doing a much better job than he ever did. Honestly, I doubt Happy would know how to install a bomb without having it blow up in his face."
Steve placed a hand on his shoulder. "No, it's not," he said firmly. "You're crying. Tell me why."
"Oh," Steve muttered.
Lina frowned. "No, it was just you. We didn't know to look for others. I'm sorry."
"That's demeaning, Tony. They're highly qualified professionals." Hammer shook an index finger at him. It would've been more convincing if the pair hadn't so clearly been set up as accessories. Then again, Steve thought, looking at himself and the frame Tony had put him in, he couldn't claim Tony held any moral high ground in this.
Steve was sure Tony wouldn't like it either, and he didn't. "Why not pick somewhere more public?" he countered.
He was going to do the rational thing and wait until the afternoon before going back to Brooklyn. For now, he drove over to the police headquarters. If there had been any fires during the evening or night, Bucky should've found out by now.
Steve let his eyes drift shut, no longer caring if he missed some details here or there.
The receptionist chewed her lip and shook her head. "Sorry, I don't think I've seen anyone like that. It's been pretty quiet recently, anyway."
That was slightly surprising; Steve hadn't thought Tony would have any ambitions about taking on that responsibility. "He's in charge of Stark Interplanetary, now?"
Steve made a face in protest. "No. We've talked about this."
"Send your compliments to the designer," Steve said.
"I'll see what I can do. You just rest, and hopefully you'll feel better soon," Bucky said, leaving Stark's speech without comment, and backed out of the cell. He made sure to lock the door behind him.
"Statistical probability agrees with me," Jarvis declared. "Regular sleep improves his estimated remaining frame lifetime in every projection I've run."
He'd gotten to the scene a few hours after the first firemen—Bucky had called him as soon as he'd realized this was worth investigating, and then it'd taken him a moment to put on his costume and drive over to Red Hook. Of course, at first, there hadn't been much for him to do, anyway, but wait for the flames to be put out entirely. The firemen he'd talked to had said the whole thing was freakish; that it seemed far more intense than they would've expected from a fire in a supposedly empty building. That made it exactly the sort of thing Steve was looking for.
"I believe this is yours," Coulson said, offering Steve the watch he'd left behind.
Steve replied with a little smile that he wasn't really feeling. "Thanks, but it's okay. It's probably for the best. Just look at us. The lives we lead aren't exactly cut out for stable long-term relationships."
Tony didn't tend to spend a lot of time reading papers; when there was something particularly relevant to his interests, he skimmed through them, checked out the abstract, maybe glanced at the methods to decide whether they were solid. This one, though, he read from start to finish. Three times. Including the supplement.
He leans forwards and covers his face with his hands, swallows, tries to catch his breath, and can't quite get there.
Stark muttered another word at the dinosaur, patted its beak-like snout, and returned to his collection of parts.
"Can you take me down to street level?" Steve asked.
Steve wakes up from a nightmare of wandering through an endless wilderness, searching for Tony, who's always one step ahead of him.
He realized the bottle was empty, and annoyingly, had to get up to fetch another one. He was a little dizzy, but not so much it'd slow him down. Clearly could do with a few more drinks.
"And you think those files have the whole truth?" Natasha asked.
Hammer wore expensive clothing, a conventionally handsome frame which Steve assumed was a customized clone, and glasses that had to be an accessory, because surely he wouldn't allow actual imperfections in his sight. He seemed like someone who was desperate to replicate Tony's cool persona, but fell slightly short. The end result was forced, awkward and sleazy instead.
"Oh, it's you," Obie says, exasperated. "Stop right there, android. Not another step."
It strikes Tony that as much as this hurts, in a way, it's also a relief. It'll all be over soon. Then, he won't need to live with the guilt anymore.
Bucky left Tony sitting against the wall at the last corner before the Vault entrance, Seren keeping him company. The relief of being off his feet threatened his resolve to keep going. He wanted so badly to stop struggling, give in to the darkness at the edges of his vision and rest.
Tony shrugged, looking uncomfortable. "It was a confusing time. I was suspicious, but they had convincing evidence. I wasn't sure what to think, and then my folks died and I had no time to think about anything else but the company."
"Maybe I should," Tony says.
Steve half expected a flashback, but overwhelming hatred drowned it. His hands clenched into tight fists, nails digging into his palms.
"Wait," Steve grunted, trying to dig his heels in as they reached the destroyed window. The darkness outside was broken here and there by soft light from nearby buildings and the bright pinpoint headlights of passing cars.
"And what would be the street address?" the cab inquired.
Bucky put down the bag and the sandwich, as eager to help as always. "Sure. Give me a minute, I'll call the local station."
There was a thought forming in his mind that he didn't like at all.
"So, this is the outcome of your talk with Kamski, is it?" Obie asks, eyeing Steve.
"Okay, I can do that," Tony mumbled. He pried his eyes open and rolled over to his side so he was facing the room.
It's not that he doesn't trust Obie, but he knows that if Obie realizes the full potential of what Tony's built, he's not going to let it slide past his fingers.
"I didn't know. I'm sorry for your loss," Bucky said.
"You're still not that old," Steve returned, nudging Tony's side with his elbow. "And who said you're tired? You definitely didn't, which is exactly the point I was making."
"Uh uh. As it happens, Maya Hansen and Aldrich Killian already came up with the perfect nanotech vector to do just that," Tony said.
Pepper raised her eyebrows at the screen, and after a brief interval of working out the connection with Happy—him tapping at the watch, her frowning and blinking—the view on the wall coalesced to a close-up of Tony's face.
He was craning his neck, trying to look around for any sharp edges, anything at all that he could reach, when the worst headache he'd ever felt lanced through his skull. It was like a bolt from the blue, worse than any of the torture he'd been through, taking away his breath and making his whole body tense up.
Obie cuts open Tony's shirt. The sound of the fabric ripping sends his mind back to the cave, where he wasn't the victim, but the murderer. The poetic justice is perfect. Obie will do to Tony exactly what Tony did to #182 744 561 - 2.
Steve hadn't actually thought that through; he didn't have a proper cover story worked out, like Tony seemed to. "Want to guess?" he deflected.
"Any other injuries I should take a look at?" Steve asked.
"Perfectly matched." Steve pressed his face into Tony's curls. Their scent reminded him of pipe smoke.
Steve was grimacing; the idea of what Tony might've loved to do when Steve was still in costume was exciting and shameful at the same time. He tried to ignore the note of excitement. That just wasn't right.
In the corner of Tony's eye, Steve twitches, like he's in pain as well.
"He dared me, the little asshole. I'd love nothing more than to be able to pin this on him, but so far, I've got no evidence. The analysis of the bombing revealed nothing beyond residues of garden-variety explosives. The VR salon allowed me to scan their system, but that came up with nothing, unless you count a couple of minor snooping programs. Just the kind of thing that makes me avoid those places. Not enough to explain what I did."
Rumlow clamped a hand over Stark's mouth before he managed to say anything else. "This had better not be another escape attempt. We were told to bring you in alive, sure, but no one said you need to have all your limbs intact," he hissed into Stark's ear.
"Not yet," Pepper said.
Steve frowned at him, suddenly all serious. "I will miss you, Tony."
"Sorry, we don't have to do this now," Steve said, coming through ever so slightly disappointed when Tony hadn't answered at all. "It can wait until you're better."
"Morning," Steve returned. "Is he in, then?"
"It was temporary, and it felt great," Steve said once more. "I wish you could feel it too. You sure you'd never consider a swap?"
sat on the ground nearby, next to the ceratopsian.
Tony let out a dry chuckle. "I guess you're right about that. I've spent my whole life telling people that I can manage when they're worried that I can't, so it's become second nature."
"I'm thrilled. So, it'll be just us and Mr. Hammer?"
Tony shuddered, his breathing catching a little. "Well, come on then. Tell me all about it. You want to fuck me? You want me to fuck you? I can do both. I'd enjoy both. Or do you want me to suck you off? I'd love that, too. Don't be shy. I'm certainly not."
"You'll find out," Pepper promised.
"And you can't fly up there to ask around if one of those is likely to be around anytime soon, because skybaxes avoid the mountains?" Steve checked, desperate for any way to speed up the trip.
Steve pushed his finger deeper, then back again, and a little deeper yet the next time, feeling around. The added sensitivity that he had made Tony's prostate very easy to find. He rubbed his finger over it.
That clears it up; assuming the person with him was Steve, he had no desire to stick around. He must already be on his way towards whatever hole his remaining team is hiding in. No surprises there. Clearly, those vague memories of Steve suddenly opening up about how they should start building bridges were just a hypothermia-induced hallucination.
Soft bed or not, he struggles to fall asleep. Tony's condition was precarious when Steve last saw him, and his concern won't let him rest. In the end, he decides to call the hospital, and manages to get an update. With the reassuring knowledge that Tony is stable, his temperature back in normal range, Steve is finally able to drift off.
"I'm not going anywhere," Seren reassured him.
Tony felt nervous, and it wasn't the fluttery excitement of being close to Steve that he still occasionally got, a week after they'd come to terms with their mutual feelings. It was the fear of something too bright and hot lurking at the back of his mind. As he brought the car to a standstill, a nightmarish image flashed across his mind's eye: the street in flames, the lawns dead and charred, the sky covered in black smoke instead of clouds, and people screaming in pain.
The figure wasn't wearing a featureless uniform, but a SHIELD one, and the face beneath the helmet was familiar. Rumlow.
It was easier to keep his distance and do his best to ignore the whole thing. It'd be particularly easy now that Ultron was dealt with, there was a fresh crop of Avengers for Steve to train, and Tony could take an indefinite leave of absence from the team.
“Hi, Bruce,” Tony said, licking his lips and beaming. “What’s up?”
"Copy that," Morita replied. The others joined in, acknowledging the command, and the conversation continued just like any other day. Steve couldn't tell whether there was a slight tension underneath, or if that was just him projecting.
"I'm growing used to it," he said honestly. "And I'm grateful for it."
He looked at Steve again, his earlier smile gone, a deep frown in its place. "Uh. You wouldn't happen to know what happened?"
Steve stayed by Tony's side, watching the older man. Around Bucky, the others were offering their assistance to the dinosaurs, binding wounds and handing out food. They also asked Bucky if he needed anything, but he shook his head.
Steve didn't think the case was closed yet. He'd seen how Hammer had reacted to the attack: he'd looked genuinely panicked. More than that, one of his assistants had been injured badly enough that he'd ended up moving on to a new frame. As proof of his innocence, Hammer had also promised to hand over the remains of the disobedient drone to Tony as soon as the police were done with it.
The mountains were beautiful, and Tony would've enjoyed this new perspective over them if he hadn't been a prisoner. The Northerners relented to freeing his hands when the terrain grew so steep that it required scrambling, occasionally using all limbs. The wound on his shoulder stung if he put too much weight on his right arm, but overall, it wasn't too bad. His captors had been kind enough to cover it with an antiseptic poultice for the first few days, keeping an eye on it to make sure it didn't grow infected in the hot, humid climate. They kept him fed and watered as well, which made sense, since he wouldn't be much good on the road if he was too badly dehydrated and low on energy.
"It's not unfair, Steve replied. "I'll miss you too. It's been amazing."
"That's a lot more difficult than it was for you," Tony said, eyeing Steve's generic clothing. "Hired muscle? You don't seem the type, but you've certainly got the biceps."
From close up, the cabin is even smaller than Steve thought, barely more than a shed. There's no smoke coming from the chimney or any other signs of people nearby, and no one answers when he knocks on the door. He pushes at it, and it opens without resistance.
Although the can of tomato soup someone has left on a shelf is awfully inviting, Steve steps outside again. The rain has stopped for now, but the sky still has a thick cloud cover, promising more showers soon. The lake next to the hut is beautiful in a melancholic way, with the grays and browns and greens of the bare hills blurred like an aquarelle painting by the lingering mist. The earthy scent of soil after rain fills the air.
Now that Steve had started, he might as well keep going. "It's about us because we're teammates, and I'd like for us to be friends."
"Oh? What's that?" Steve asked. He hadn't thought there were any secrets left. He crossed his arms, instinctively, then realized he'd done it, and made himself open them again, letting them hang by his sides. He didn't want to seem defensive or judgemental when he hadn't even heard what it was about.
It occurs to him that Steve is out here, too, somewhere. He should probably try to find Steve. He doesn't know if Steve knows about the building. Steve could be in trouble.
She knew how badly Steve wanted to get to Tony, and he was grateful to her for considering that. "Thanks. Let us know if there's any trouble."
"I didn't know how my powers worked, like I still don't," Tony explained, holding out a hand in front of him, studying his fingers. "I worried that if I got too excited I might literally set the sheets on fire. Sounds funny, but it really isn't. I feel bad for letting you take such a huge risk without any idea of what you were getting into."
Steve had a dozen reasons to say no. Following Tony to his room, when he had no idea Steve was Captain America and investigating this case with Tony as the prime suspect, was awfully duplicitous. Unethical and reprehensible. Besides, Tony might be dangerous. Steve suspected he had caused three, or possibly four, fires within the past week, and was responsible for at least one death, and who knew how many burn injuries.
"I'd thought you were just in it for my frames, really," Steve confessed, "and I'd always thought anything serious between us couldn't possibly work."
He wondered how it'd feel to kiss those lips. He wondered if Tony would let him do that.
"Are you sure about this? You've seen me. I'm ancient. Damaged," Tony said, one hand on his chest, his fingers clasping the collar of his shirt. "All skin and bone and scars."
"You want to see, too?" Happy asked him
There go Tony's hopes that Kamski might miss the anxious thud of his heart. Of course he doesn't, considering how his fingertips are resting over Tony's ribs.
Hoisting Tony over his shoulder would feel disrespectful. Instead, Steve picks him up gently in his arms, and starts his walk back. The despondent thoughts that he can't escape make the distance seem endlessly long.
There were hands on Steve, larger than Pepper's, pulling him to a softer surface, the clunk of a car door closing, and then it was no longer cold.
It's something of a relief when he's done and can move to the next step: he needs to add warmth. Moisture from Tony's clothes has seeped into the mattress Steve first laid him on, so he cautiously shifts him to a dry one, and wraps him up in several blankets, cocooning him as carefully as he can.
Looking around, he didn't think any of the half a dozen strangers who were also in the cafe had noticed anything unusual.
"I missed you so much," Tony said, running his fingers up and down Steve's back. "I dreamed about you. I can't believe you're really here."
"Back from where?"
Nineteen days. That was how long Tony had been missing when the rescue party finally set out; Steve had counted them, his worry growing with each one that passed. Even though words like "torture" seemed unimaginable when surrounded by the thoroughly peaceful people of Dinotopia, everyone kept mentioning how ruthless the Northerners were. Who knew what they were capable of.
"Maybe not." Tony's eyes were still far away, one hand absently rubbing at his chest. "But I did make mistakes. I was too naive. It took me far too long to realize what had happened, what Hydra was up to. And the way Obie played me—he must've felt like he was taking candy from a baby."
"That sounds like blackmail," Tony said.
Currently, everyone's focus was on Team One: Clint, in position with his sniper gun, ready to blast Stane's node into oblivion, and Natasha, by Stane's side, providing Clint with position data. It had been a stroke of luck that Stane happened to have a suitable meeting that they could target as soon as this. He was on his way to meet the representative of some Jovian mining company, and he'd be shot the moment he stepped out of the car onto the conveniently open landing platform.
"If you stop and think about this story of yours, it's obvious what must be going on," the Mayor pointed out. "Of course he's planning on fleeing, one way or the other. What else could this be?"
"Nah. Just expected you to be somewhere miles away by now. Good thing you're not. I need to ask you for a recap, since I don't really know how I got here," Tony replies. Steve thinks he sounds weary; his voice is hoarse, and he's not speaking half as fast as usual.
"I'm kind of surprised they didn't just kill me. It would've been easy enough," Steve said.
"His private matters are his own," Jarvis declared. "All I'm saying is, whatever you think is going on, he's involved with neither Pepper nor Jan, and if anyone claims he is, they're lying."
"How?" Steve gasped.
"Hopefully sooner. For now, I'm going to look into Maya Hansen and her academic friends," Steve decided.
Steve was probably making things worse instead of helping.
He'd been going to get rid of all that. He remembered thinking it had worked, too, in a feverish haze. He hadn't felt Steve anymore, and yet, now he did.
"I'll do that, but I wouldn't sit by the phone all day waiting, if I were you. There's no telling how late he'll be," Jarvis warned. Steve wondered if he might be planning on dropping the card in the nearest trash can so Tony would never even see it. Hopefully not.
Steve sighed. He had his answers, as disappointing as they were.
"Yes, we were," Steve agreed.
Whenever he'd been actually, physically in the same place with Tony and talking to him, properly focusing on the conversation, he'd often had this hard to pin down sensation of something being a little off, not just in his head but physically, almost like he was coming down with something. He called to mind what he'd read about how people felt when they were around their soulmates. Lightheadedness, shortness of breath, palpitations, disorientation, dissociation, sudden mood swings—he could tick off every single thing he could remember. He hadn't felt all of that at once, of course, but one time or the other, so that there was definitely a pattern there.
The room was quiet around him. No phones ringing. No one knocking on the door. No mysterious signals from the universe, or from his few remaining friends, to tell him to stop. Of course, he'd muted all communications and had soundproof walls, so there wouldn't be.
They were so close to one another that it would've been easy to bridge that gap and turn it into a kiss, but it would probably have been too soon. Tony seemed to feel that way, too; he stayed still and didn't try. The look on his face was awestruck, like he'd just been offered a second chance at life that he'd never expected.
"I'm okay," Steve answered the unspoken question.
"What? How did you know—how were you there?" Tony's eyes narrowed, and he tensed up again. "No, never mind that, how the hell are you here? How did you find me? I can't believe they would've told you. Not Jarvis, definitely, but could Pepper or Rhodey—no, they wouldn't do that to me either, not when they promised not to." There was such betrayal on Tony's face that it was painful to look at, and Steve couldn't let him think that of his friends.
Steve settles into the recess between boulders, pulling up his knees and crossing his arms. It's not particularly comfortable. A rock presses against his tailbone. He tries to shift, only to end up with a sharp ridge digging into his ribs.
"I have," Steve confessed. "There wasn't anyone."
He puts out the fire and starts packing up his camp.
When his alarm rang at four in the morning, he felt like he'd only just closed his eyes. Ironically, the face that looked back at him from the bathroom mirror didn't look tired in the least. There were some advantages to synthetic skin. Unfortunately, his human mind needed to shut down properly every night, even if it was currently running on an artificial platform.
"Oh, no, no, no—please—come on, Tony," Steve mutters under his breath.
"I heard about those other fires. Do you think this is connected?" another fireman, a boyish-looking one that reminded Steve of Bucky, asked.
He was absolutely certain that if he'd ended up together with Pepper, matching be damned, she would've been miserable most of the time. Especially considering what a wreck Tony had been for the past few years. Not that he hadn't been a wreck before that. No, he'd just metamorphosed from a partying, drinking, selfish asshole of a wreck into one with good intentions that often ended up causing property damage and mental and physical trauma to himself and the people around him.
Steve tried the coffee again. The thermos cup had kept it warm, but standing on the table for twenty minutes had made the taste even more bitter.
Tony considered lying down. It was an inviting prospect. He was tired beyond words. Everything felt leaden: his limbs, his thoughts, his heartbeat, the very air in his lungs. He knew from experience, though, from decades ago when he'd last been this badly off, that being horizontal wouldn't help. On the contrary, it would make breathing even more difficult. He grabbed his blankets and tried to find a comfortable position sitting in the corner instead, with the thick quilt over his shoulders and the thinner ones wrapped around his legs.
"Yes," Tony said, without wasting time or breath. "I'm not feeling good. Any chance we could call this a day?"
Any cautious, reasonable person would probably have turned around at this point, but Tony had never been one of those.
"You don't need to apologize. I wouldn't have made it out without you." Tony wasn't going to hold a grudge against him. He knew Bucky had been in a hard place, and he'd as good as seen the internal struggle Bucky had been going through. "I'm not surprised you were stubborn when you thought you were doing the right thing. I can guess who you've learned that from."
"Stars above," Steve breathed. Before he could stop himself, he was reaching a hand towards Tony, touching the marks on his skin. The thought that this was the very same body that he'd caressed so many times in the past, with the hands of many different frames, was unfathomable.
“Because I care about you, jackass!” Tony yelled in his face.
It didn’t make any sense, because in these memories, Tony was just as into it as Steve was, and that couldn’t be right. Steve had tried to ignore his own, inconvenient feelings towards Tony for a long time, but he knew Tony had no such struggles. Tony had never liked him very much, and after the Accords and Siberia, Tony had absolutely loathed him.
Pepper had covered her mouth with her hand, and Happy looked like he was ready to punch something.
The alien scepter harnessing who knew what powers, the stone at its end glowing a mysterious blue—what if—could that be it?
"It's not too late. We're here, now." Subconsciously, Steve reached a hand towards him, though Tony might not even notice it in the dark.
Tony sat down opposite to Rhodey and waved at the waitress for coffee. "I know you're interested, no point in pretending otherwise."
And that's that, Tony decides. No need to talk to Kamski ever again, unless he actually wants to ask Tony for that favor he owes. Considering that Kamski's no longer in the tech business and has turned into a recluse, Tony doesn't think that's likely to happen anytime soon.
He really shouldn't be thinking like this.
The pair of Northerners stepped in and locked heavy manacles around Tony's wrists, restraining his hands behind his back. Definitely very secure and not something he could easily break free from. An inconvenience, but he could deal with it. For now, he played the part of an obedient prisoner and allowed his captors to lead him away from the tracks and into the jungle, following a path that they must've cleared for themselves on their way in.
