“How shocking....the self-proclaimed jealous fiancé is having suspicions about what his beloved is up to behind his back and now everyone is going to suffer for it. How are you ever going to last through years of marriage if you’re this jealous even without being actually married yet? You know, jealousy is not a particularly becoming trait. Least of all to the person subjected to it.”
He had the distinct feeling that by thwarting Magnussen’s initial suggestion of coming to an arrangement straight away, had been to his own disadvantage and the opportunity to gain access to Magnussen’s house would forever be lost if he managed to somehow screw this up tonight.
Endorphins were still overwhelming his system, which meant that logic and reality had not yet settled into his brain.  But as he was about to leave later that same morning he couldn’t help but wonder if Sherlock used sex as a diversion to keep John from bringing harsh reality into their little fantasy as he always distracted John with something sexual whenever John fretted over something or tried talking about things that Sherlock obviously found difficult to answer.
“By spreading the news that I have suffered another overdose, this time ending me in a coma and have been removed to a private clinic. That will keep the wolves at bay at least for as much time that we need to finish this. If we fail, well, then it won’t matter anymore.”
Was this really happening?
“Not necessarily…”John began but Sherlock stopped him before had the chance to get any further.
A tranquilising gun, a secret vault hidden behind a painting, Victor Trevor and Charles Magnussen obliterated in one swift move and Mycroft Holmes celebrating with a tea party afterwards in some anonymous office building, pleased as punch and everyone happy?
“When it comes to the world of crime solving you are my superior, I have no problem conceding that point.  But when the methods you use cross certain boundaries and become more fantasy that cold hard logic, I no longer feel able to tolerate being the inferior party. Someone needs to rein in the risk-taking bastard when he is making a fool of himself. Or tries to make a fool of
The rustle of the leaves picked up as a cold gust of wind ran through the deserted garden and like a whisper he could hear the conversation he had ran through his head a hundred times already, now play out one final time.
Dr Roylott looked distressed again while trying but failing to keep himself under control.
With thoughts of retaliation still whirling around in his head, he stepped into the room and joined Mycroft who had positioned himself by the fire while Magnussen had opted for seating himself in one of the chairs, a wing-backed monstrosity that made him look more like a character from a Hammer horror movie than a man of this century.
rights should be the reason for signing anything, not Mycroft’s position or the man who was going to marry his brother within four months. John couldn’t care less about their positions and the fact that Mycroft insisted on him signing this on their account rankled him.
Soon enough John had found himself with his trousers around his ankles while Sherlock was on his knees, devouring John’s cock with his mouth, lavishing the shaft generously with his eager tongue, sucking and moaning, a trickle of saliva dripping from the corner of his lips as he worked his way from the root to the head like a hungry person on a sugar-high would consume an exceptionally tasty lollipop.
John threw his wet towel on his camp bed and began to get dressed, not bothering about the fact that others were privy to his naked backside. He had nothing to feel ashamed about when it came to his appearance and besides, he was used to living in confined spaces after his time in the army.
It was his mission to remind people of that fact, that things could very easily be snatched away from them on account of some thoughtless little deed that had probably seemed insignificant when it happened  but could cause considerable damage if being exposed.
You’ve watched too many Bond-movies, he scolded himself and then stepped down the stairs until he reached the bottom and was faced with the before-mentioned door, indeed adorned by a bright red light that after a moment’s wait turned green.
Angrily he slammed the door shut in his wake and began to walk towards the busier streets in search for a vacant taxi, leaving Magnussen, Victor, Mycroft and Sherlock to enjoy the rest of the evening without his company.
“Initially he told Mycroft that he was acting on the behalf of a third party who was the one in charge of setting the rules we needed to submit to. And the first arrangement was for me to accept a marriage proposal from Victor Trevor.
“I was sorry to hear about Purcell’s early demise. I was told it was some sort of cardiac arrest?” he said, all polite airiness again and mentally Mycroft grinded his teeth at the utter cheek of this man. They both knew that wasn’t the truth.
“No, I don’t think so. The thing about Victor is that he theoretically is very jealous and suspect everyone of trying to steal me away from him, he watches my every move like a hawk and thinks that an act of infidelity is bound to happen at any second.
John was most likely still soundly asleep back home and Mycroft was no longer a part of his investigation. Not even Magnussen was here, and even if Sherlock had initially been happy about this state, the other man would arguably have been a buffer to whatever mad man ramblings this person was all about.
Sherlock’s lips twitched a little in doubt, his brow frowning slightly.
“That was
But there was still that nagging idea at the back of Mycroft’s head that something wasn’t quite as it should. Sherlock had folded just a tad
John reprimanded himself but still stole a final lingering look before focusing on his surroundings instead.
Even more surprising was the fact that the man was still wearing the uniform Sherlock had arranged for him to wear to complete the disguise.
Sherlock couldn’t help but let his mouth twitch a little when hearing this. A danger seeker then. Like himself. Or like John to a certain extent.
“He must’ve have broken down the barrier,” John whispered just as Mycroft took advantage of his loss of concentration, grabbed a firm hold of his brother while he pushed John away from him.
He couldn’t afford to show any vulnerability. He was going to remain hard, cold and factual, rejecting every attempt Sherlock might try to charm his way back into his arms.
“I know that there was an incident that involved the presence of an ambulance and that you were the once to make the emergency call. I would appreciate if you could fill in the rest for me, Dr Watson.”
“I would never even contemplate executing such a threat. If you continue working here it is of no consequence to me, I haven’t the faintest idea who the people working here are.”
Finally as he managed to rip it off him and throw it away from his body, John’s paralyzed state eased up and he managed to tear his eyes away from the horrific scene in front of him and first follow the movements of the snake, to see where it landed, and then he noticed the remnants of a terrarium in the background that he had failed to notice earlier as his full focus had been on Dr Roylott.
A look at his alarm clock on the bedtime table told him that it was time to go to bed properly if he wanted to have a sporting chance of staying on top of things in a couple of hours. There was after all no use staying up waiting for Sherlock as he had no idea of knowing when he would be back. He would come home when he was finished and John might just as well catch some well-deserved sleep in the meantime.
“I’m a bit old-fashioned in that regard perhaps”, Victor droned on as he straightened himself up again, “but I do choose to look at marriage as a bond that can never be broken and I feel infinitely blessed to have Sherlock in particular bound to me for the rest of our lives. I could not have found a more perfect specimen of a man than Sherlock Holmes, the perfect combination of unique looks and staggering intelligence and there isn’t anything I wouldn’t do to keep him by my side forever. At  all cost.”
“Is Dr Roylott a dangerous man then?” Mycroft asked without letting on how worried he was.
“Although I appreciate your apology and coming clean with all of it, there is still something I don’t understand. You never mentioned any of this the other night,” he finally said, and Sherlock gave him a somewhat sheepish look.
John glared at him and for a moment it looked like he was about to actually erupt, but then he simply shook his head in surrender.
“True. But he has earned himself a terrible disadvantage by aggravating the wrong people on his way to the top, it will be those same people that will make sure to bring down even the more legitimate side of his enterprise. Even those with power and wealth need friends in high places or they will soon realise that their fortune might suddenly start to dwindle. Media is such a fickle business after all, one day you’re on top of the world, the next all of your sponsors have withdrawn, your licences have been evoked and you’re facing lawsuits from disgruntled people in every corner that have previously been silenced by loyal associates but now suddenly are given a way to voice their criticism openly. An entrepreneur is only as good as his reputation and ability to generate money, once that is ruined his business is as good as dead.”
He normally was a sound sleeper, as Sherlock could attest to, being the one who shared a bed with John on most nights. Sometimes, if Sherlock had to work late or one of them was ill, or the worst option, if they had been fighting, they slept in separate rooms, but otherwise they had more or less shared the same bed since they had taken their relationship from flatmates and friends to lovers.
“I have a whole research facility at my disposal, I can get anything I need from there.”
“There’s a rather tantalising feel to this painting, wouldn’t you agree?”
Magnussen looked at Mycroft intently now, as if expecting him to come forth with an explanation for his brother’s non-appearance. When Mycroft realised that the other man wasn’t offering anything more, unless he made some kind of response, he supressed a sigh and clasped his hands together on the desk in front of him, like a principal addressing a student, patiently but with a hint of overbearing.
Then he started typing.
Despite John’s promises to stay in the background and let things take their course, Mycroft wasn’t completely confident that John would be able to stand silently by and see his lover being pawed over, it still remained to be seen if he could handle it for one evening.
When Mycroft remains quiet, just staring into the nothingness in front of him, John breaches his own rules of protocol that he normally tries to maintain with Mycroft by keeping a distance, both physical as well as mental.
He remembered Sherlock the way he had seen him that last time, chained to Magnussen’s bed on that fateful evening, silent for once, just looking at him. They never exchanged any final words because none of them realised that there would never be any more words to be spoken between them.
But just like the issue of fucking on top of Mycroft’s desk had been an obstacle in the beginning, John had soon been persuaded by Sherlock’s tortuous teasing to give in and have sex despite Mycroft’s presence in the house. It was just a matter of being more careful as Sherlock so readily had informed him as they shagged against a wall in the room furthest away from Mycroft’s domain, John stifling his cry as he came by biting into the fabric of a stuffed pillow while Sherlock’s mirthful eyes had looked at him.
“I’m not against the aspect of punishment, dear Sherlock, if you give me enough incentive to do so,” Magnussen had said, a smile playing on his lips as his hand had wielded yet another blow against the already sore surface of Sherlock’s body.
He can control certain members of Government because he has gotten hold of some scandalous piece of gossip that he uses to blackmail them into doing his bidding. It’s a well-kept secret unknown to most people but common knowledge to those who know about these things. Like my brother for example.
John knows why.
“Well, I always knew he wasn’t an easy person, from the very first time that I met him. Drama is bound to follow in his footsteps whether I like it or not.”
There was that impish snickering again from Pemberton and Mycroft sourly plotted to have a word with his superior on Monday to see what could be made about a swift relocation of the man, preferably to some remote mind-numbingly desolate part of the world.
When the agent returns with the coffee, John order him to fetch him a glass of whiskey as well.
While plotting, Mycroft had realised that removing the obstacle of John Watson from his brother’s life could easily backfire considering the attachment Sherlock had formed with his flatmate.
“You won’t find him in there.”
“No, he was too caught up in his own emotional turmoil, he is still under the impression that my brother and Charles Magnussen are dead and we have so far not informed him of the truth. It is to our benefit if he keeps believing that he is a murderer. My men led him away quickly enough and he is apparently still suffering some sort of shock. He doesn’t even remember that
Lestrade takes the photo and brings it up closer to his eyes to examine it.
A good cleaning up and some rest was just what he craved right now.
Oh, this evening just seemed to get better by the minute!
Mycroft claimed the car had not been sent by Magnussen, but what else could Sherlock have been up to if not chasing after his latest target of interest? John knew for a fact that he had no other cases going at the moment.
home under surveillance with a hidden camera! Without informing me about it!”
“Exercise is overrated....” Mycroft muttered, and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
But when he finally deigns to speak he sounds close to normal again, the mask of his usual indifference and calculating persona beginning to settle back in it’s place. It’s almost eerie to observe, perhaps mostly because the mask was off in the first place.
“There is no need to worry yourself about him, Dr Watson. He is doing as well as a man living with the consequences of his own actions might be,“ Mycroft had curtly replied.
He turned his head to look to his right, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth and his eyes glimmering in the soft light from the chandeliers.
Instead he resorted to use a method he actually had considered from the very beginning but still felt slightly hesitant about because once performed, it could possible put him in ever greater trouble than he already found himself to be in. But sometimes situations simply demanded unethical methods and as he had already made a mess of things rather spectacularly, he might just as well continue down that path and see where it led him.
“I have in fact found a good lead and it ....might please you that he isn’t with Mr Magnussen as we both initially suspected. So that’s the good news. But...”
Mycroft realised that it would be easier for John to fake indignation over a drug abuse if he actually thought there was real one happening, so in a way he knew Sherlock had been right about fooling John about that particular detail.
Sherlock spoke of a friendship that he had once clearly cherished but that did not fit very well with the version Victor had presented during Magnussen’s dinner party.
And as he had no face on this man, he plagued himself by imagining Sherlock lying in bed with men of different appearances, allowing someone else to enjoy what John so desperately wished could have been his alone to have.
What Sherlock told him sounded like a poor little boy who had been very lonely growing up and had longed for companionship without knowing how to achieve it.
There was glimmer of challenge in his eyes and Mycroft had to force himself to not react with a curt reply. There was too much at stake for him to begin causing disturbance at the eleventh hour.
And now, Victor was positively fuming.
Desperately he tried pulling the trigger despite no longer being able to see where he was aiming, and another shot went off. This time he heard the sound of glass breaking and knew he had missed his mark.
“I never told him that I would.”
Now stop stalling and spit it out. Last thing I remember was your men storming Magnussen’s house, me being forced to drink a very suspicious cocktail and then meeting you. Next I wake up in a strange place, head hurting like hell before I fall straight back to sleep, continuing to linger between being awake and falling asleep for who knows how long. It’s almost as if someone went to the trouble of drugging me. I hate to be the accuser without any proper evidence and yet I’m going to make a wild guess by suggesting that you might know something about that.”
And for what? To run after Charles Magnussen?
“I know enough to ensure that he won’t be able to do it again. I had a proper talk with him about it this morning and even if my brother would never admit to taking advice from anyone, I think he has learned his lesson.”
“I don’t fear anything, Mr Holmes.”
The moon hovered above the surface like a huge luminous orb and he stared at it for a few minutes while he tried to clear his head of everything that had happened tonight.
“That’s fine.”
John pressed his nails hard into the soft flesh of his palms to divert himself from going any further with those thoughts right now and turned his attention to the conversation in front of him instead.
The downside could be that it would perhaps cause him to clam up.
He can’t bear the thought of never seeing Sherlock’s achingly familiar form ever again, however tortuous it sometimes felt to only be able to steal a glance or two without being allowed to reach out and touch.
, quickly flashed through John’s mind, but he at once waved it away. That ship had sailed.
It was difficult to tell as he was standing silhouetted with the light from inside coming from behind him, but there was something about his stance that told John that the man seemed very suspicious towards this unexpected disturbance of his evening.
A few other animals had been found instead, among them a cheetah roaming the park outside, as well as a baboon and two ferocious canine creatures more reminiscent of wolfs than dogs, trapped in cages in the lower regions of the house.
take advantage of your state of mind and need for affection by offering you casual sex, no strings attached. I
And if the initial shock of the scream had not been enough, what he saw as his eyes adjusted to the darkness in the room, was even more shocking and horrific then anything he had expected to see.
Sherlock turned his eyes to look at him, his head slightly tilted.
The car showing up now was therefor most likely Mycroft’s doing, and in the end, it didn’t matter, John wasn’t going to take the offered ride back to the house anyway.
Despite the rush of adrenaline that surges through him in the face of action, there are limits to what he is willing to endure, and a line is strictly drawn when it comes to the safety of his flatmate.
Perhaps he had confused his role with that of a butler, or perhaps he was simply trying to ease his way into Mycroft’s favour by being exceedingly accommodating to his little brother.
“Quite so. Wouldn’t you agree?”
“Now, John!”
The chair turned out to be a lucky bargain and had been part of the décor in Sherlock’s old residence at Montague Street as well.  Like most of his brother’s belongings, the chair had its own individual story and as far as Mycroft was concerned it was one of the few things he actually liked in this mitch match of items that Baker Street consisted of.
Never so much as a hint of dirt under the nails unlike his own long elegant ones who often appeared stained by some sort of chemical or nicotine. He should know this as he had spent a whole hour once, contemplating as well analysing the differences between their hands, so efficiently telling the story of their owner just by the way they looked.
And yet, here he was, staring at a picture of himself half naked and ready to be used as blackmailing material against him, a prospect he, a mere minute ago had not thought actually possible.
At least Magnussen seemed momentarily occupied with Sherlock, not putting any focus on Mycroft and his colleagues for now, so even if Mycroft resented the man for indulging in his brother sexually, he was grateful for small mercies. As long as Sherlock kept him entertained, he was not going to launch any attacks in Mycroft’s direction.
“Well. I’m still waiting…Start explaining yourself.”
Just as true panic was about to set in, a recognizable scent hit his nostrils, a scent he had felt many times over the past couple of months, one he had inhaled with great enthusiasm every single time and a deep soft voice was heard whispering close to his ear as the arm around his waist ran softly along the vertebrae towards his neck.
Sherlock reached for his untouched glass and took a small sip without actually performing said toast. Alcohol had never been his preferred vice, always opting for other stimulants, but occasionally he could be seen drinking a glass or two.
Without a word Mycroft turns his back on him and moves away, heavily slumping down in what is officially John’s chair even if Mycroft probably considers it
Like a surveillance camera.
His downfall had come on account of a very unexpected turn of events, unavoidable as it had taken him by huge surprise and made him lose his footing sufficiently for Dr Roylott to be able to kick him in the shin, making him lose his balance and stumble. From then on forward it had been more or less a downward spiral to his current state.
“When was this?”
A silence settled for a second as they looked at each other. Mycroft had difficulty appreciating the quagmire created between them whenever they were alone, why were people always so insistent on being difficult?
He tried several doors in his search for the bathroom but did not managed to find it, so instead he walked out on a balcony overlooking a small garden at the back of the house and without a second though he urinated over the railing while he felt the cool evening air hit him in the face with a sobering impact. The nausea did not fade away as easily though and he dry-heaved over the railing for a few minutes to get rid of the unpleasantness unfurling inside his abdomen.
As Magnussen’s focus was on his own actions, he didn’t notice how Sherlock actually bit the inside of his cheek to prevent his body from reacting the way it spontaneously desired to do. The pain from his own teeth digging into the soft flesh inside his mouth made his body remain calm and not reveal any hidden instincts.
This earned him an immediate whiplash response.
Most of all, they didn’t need nor ask anything from him.
It had not taken long for Magnussen to approach a staff member from Mycroft’s household to confirm Dr Watson’s absence, as well as reveal the details of his angry departure, the door forcefully slammed in his wake and his absence ever since.
Dr Roylott was strong in build, probably a brute when pushed over the edge, but Sherlock was agile and skilled in how to fend for himself, so for now, no need  to worry, just keep all senses on edge and watch out for what lurked in the corners. He had faced worse.
Mycroft’s eyes immediately narrowed.
Without moving a single muscle, Mycroft continued to look at him, not bothering to reply to something he already knew.
As expected Sherlock cut his brother’s worries off by a throw-away remark telling Mycroft to stop nattering and then hung up, leaving Mycroft once more alone with his thoughts and worries but with no other option but to wait and see what kind of result this night would bring them.
Mycroft looked taken a back for a second by the unexpected harshness in John’s approach but then managed to produce at least the beginning of a sentence.
Mycroft snorted at this.
He then turned on his heels and began walking across the hall towards the library.
Mycroft had assured them both but John in particular that Magnussen was completely harmless when it came to actual violence, otherwise John wouldn’t have allowed Sherlock to take him on alone.  After having had the chance to observe the media mogul at the banquet earlier, John had to agree that the weedy man with the spectacles had hardly seemed very frightening.
“I’m afraid I don’t know what my brother is suffering from. He is sweating profusely as if running a fever, has a shortness of breath and is awfully tired. He hasn’t been able to eat for several days and only manages small doses of water, so a lot of it is probably down to dehydration. But there is something unknown that has caused this state in the first place and so far we haven’t been able to figure out what it is.”
But Victor loved him, he had loved him ever since that first day back at Cambridge and after so many years apart it was tearing him to pieces to realise that this separation that he was now forced to endure could perhaps turn out to last forever.
Shortly before noon he left the facility to take a piss as well as wash his hands as lunch time was soon upon them and he was both greasy as well as sweaty, his stained shirt clinging to his back like a second skin.
And sure enough Sherlock gave him a surprised look.
“I suppose I should offer my congratulations for your ability to turn the doctor to aid us in our cause, instead of leaving you to your own devices. That is a considerable advantage. For now, at least.”
, Mycroft thought but didn’t say.
And the more he thought about it, he came to realise that Magnussen might actually be the answer to his predicament, if he was willing to be really devious about it himself.
If he were killed by some “unfortunate accident”, the grief could trigger Sherlock’s latent drug use into action once more and Mycroft was not prepared to deal with that option ever again.
Once safely secured, he turned towards Sherlock again.
He wondered if Mycroft had known of his invitation in advance but if he had, he did not allow it to show on his features. Instead he remained stony-faced and simply nodded in John’s direction, offering a bland phrase of greeting before his attention was directed towards the empty plate in front of him.
“This is where my room is. As far away from my brother’s domain as possible. We would probably kill each other otherwise. When we grew up, we used to share the same floor in our parents house. Mycroft still has the scars on his left shin to prove what a bad idea that was. They removed my scalpels after that.”
God knew what drinking anything prepared by Mycroft Holmes could cause him after all, still wondering about the terribly drowsy state he had suffered for the last couple of hours.
He merely noted that time was indeed upon them now, either this went their way or this was likely the last time he would hear from John Watson.
“Is he in some kind of danger? Have you alerted the police?”
?” he finally said. “You’re at Stoke Moran?”
Then he removes his phone, puts the charger back together and leaves.
On the other hand he was not particularly eager to see Sherlock lock lips with someone else, to bear witness to the intimacy that they shared, making him feel like an intruder who lurked in the shadows just to steal a moment of passion from a person he had no business having it off with in the first place. It put his own position with Sherlock in a vulnerable place that he had no wish to be reminded of.
Mycroft despaired of course but he wasn’t the controlling overbearing watchdog he is today, he didn’t have the resources nor the power to control my every move back then, but he executed his right as the older, and in his eyes, wiser sibling and was constantly on my back about my reckless ways and wanted me to break it off with Victor, get my act together and focus on my studies instead.
Sherlock weighed the poker in his hands, looking at it as if it was far more interesting than the man in front of him. This was all about posing now, and no one outplayed him when pulling off the dramatics. He had honed that talent since childhood, driving his brother to despair with his need to show off at all times, appropriate or not.
“That’s the spirit, Mr Holmes. Realise when your number is up and face it like a man.”
An old-fashioned lantern was the only source of light available but instead of offering some well-needed illumination it managed to make the place seem even spookier by causing long shadows to dance across the walls as well as the floor, creating the feel of a haunted house instead of a cosy old cottage.
Mycroft had not experienced the man when his plans got thwarted but assumed that some sort of counterstrike was to be expected.
If the ambulance had arrived early in the morning and the two of them had separated from the cottage well past midnight, there could hardly have been many hours of sleep. But knowing Sherlock’s deplorable eating-and sleeping habits, that was hardly surprising.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed.
Another set of stairs and suddenly they were on the same floor where John had been led by Mycroft’s assistant on his first night in the house.
“Only sometimes?” Sherlock replied and Mycroft gave him a steely glare.
Chewed up and spit out indeed......
The figure by the door stepped out from the shadows where he had been lurking, silently closing the door behind his back before he made his way over to the old Chesterfield armchair by the fireplace, one of the few items in the house that had been hand-picked by Mycroft himself.
“Fine, get on with it then. I got nothing better to do apparently. Like focusing on regaining my strength and recuperating for example. But no, big brother is about to throw a tantrum and needs must it seems.  So do your best Mycroft, unleash all that pent-up anger you’re holding up inside, I’m perfectly ready for the onslaught.”
“My men are working on it. But the fact that they haven’t reached out yet indicates that they have indeed most likely managed to lose him. “
“What? Who?”
At least his suspicions had been confirmed when he had entered the room and as he crossed the floor towards the desk he was tempted to utter: “Mr Holmes, I presume,” but refrained from doing so while he mentally trampled down his ever insistent wish to act out the general story plot of any Bond movie worth a watch.
Magnussen smiled and leaned back in his chair.
“That’s Sheebah,” Dr Roylott said from behind him, far closer than Sherlock first realised. He must have moved swiftly into the room and shortened the distance between them with quiet steps despite his large frame. “Her successor roams the park surrounding the house.”
“Good boy” the shadow whispered, and he closed his eyes while he continued to swallow the finger even deeper. He managed to swallow it whole without effort and he could feel the nail scratch against his gag reflex as if to force him to react.
“Understandably so. I know nothing of your particular circumstances, but I know that the Holmes brothers can be quite brutal in their dealings with people. Both of them have that reputation. There are others who have crossed their path and ended up in the same situation as you, Dr Watson.”
No camera feeds, no appearances at airports or docks, no mysterious vehicles moving about that would catch attention. Nothing but a completely empty flat where Mr Marcus used to live, devoid of anything that could give them any clues.
“Well, regarding Magnussen, there isn’t really that much to tell. The first couple of hours was simply spent on that tiresome game of sexual wooing, luring and encouraging something that I had no intention of giving him. It was all very exhausting. Despite his cold exterior and quite off-putting personality, he is basically like everybody else when it comes to desire. His hands were a little all over the place during the evening.”
“No, after having done so a few times with other people, I don’t find it quite as entertaining to watch people die anymore. Especially considering the timeframe. I guess that’s one of her flaws, her venom works so slowly. Her predecessor was much quicker but unfortunately too unreliable.” He shrugged his shoulder, seemingly talking more to himself than to Sherlock, his eyes having already wandered away from Sherlock’s face. “But you can’t have everything. I need a snake that can be easily handled, and none of the other animals in my little menagerie are as accommodating as she is. As to your question, I’ll leave you to your own devices now, no need for any more socialising.”
Feeling strangely formal for a second, as if they had not spent the past half an hour verbally sparring with each other, he extended his hand towards Sherlock as a parting gesture.
As he saw John Watson’s mouth going from bewilderment to angrily pursed lips, teeth clenched, the nostrils beginning to flare, Mycroft wondered if it would have been wiser to have kept the doctor in the dark regarding his sedation for a little while longer. For as long as he could have been of any use at least.
The interior was opulent and very much unlike Mycroft Holmes discreet house where it was difficult to remember one room from the next on account of the lack of memorable details.
It would be very bold indeed to just step up and demand entrance, as if he had the right. The guards weren’t going to believe their eyes if he did that, the security in such a place was bound to be extensive.
“Wasn’t there that incident a while back, when an ambulance actually came here? I just knew it was related to him.”
Instead he grimly said: “Why did you come?” swallowing anything else that might try to sneak into his voice and expose everything he still felt for the other man.
“Erm, no. Not at the moment,” he muttered, trying to stay in character as the jilted lover he was going to present to Magnussen soon enough. He wondered if she knew his business here tonight or if the topic of conversation had been accidental.
As Sunday was mostly spent in bed, under the pretence of sleeping off his slight hangover and to prevent himself from overanalysing recent events and then Monday meant work as usual, there wasn’t much time to mope around and nurse his bruised feelings.
He was clearly not an employee, John had never seen him before and even if he didn’t know everyone’s name by heart, he certainly recognised his co-workers by their appearance, and this was not someone he had ever seen here.
needs to act his own part for that to happen. So why the bloody hell isn’t Mycroft sticking to the script as well this time?
The idea of someone else enjoying what he had began to consider as his had been an unpleasant reminder that
“Very well then, if you say so. You should know after all, tending to his health as observantly as you do. Good night, Dr Watson. It was enlightening to make your acquaintance.”
When it’s time for a photo of the man to be produced, there are none to be found, only retellings from what everyone has heard that he looks like.
But first he needs to see why John has deemed it necessary to demand his presence at the Diogenes in such a rude and irritating manner.
“I can’t believe you’re taking advice from Mycroft regarding anything!” John barked, throwing his arms out in frustration.
“Not that I know of, Sir. As I said, Mr Holmes went straight to his office and locked himself up in there, haven’t seen him since the ambulance took off.”
“Really?” Magnussen shot him a sceptical look, because who did Mycroft imagine that he was trying to fool? His brother was clearly suffering from drug withdrawal or the aftermath from a drug overdose or something else related to narcotics. It was hardly the Dengue fever.
“Fine,” John muttered and made it outside to the driveway where the car as usual was parked, waiting for him, the morning sun reflecting in the shiny black surface. The very image of it had always created a jolt of excitement when seeing it previously but now the mere notion that it stood there, waiting for him, made him angry.
But instead of following orders, Sherlock simply turned to face John without making a move to retrieve the discarded garment from the floor.
Sherlock uttered that final word as if almost in reverence and Mycroft didn’t like it one bit.
“Shhh...no thinking....” he whispered and snaked his arm around John to push them closer together, the firmness of an erect cock pressing insistently against John while his own was decidedly displeased about finding itself in the confined space of his underwear.
Mycroft had been forced to make the call to this person even if it had irked him to do so. But everyone concerned needed to be informed of the newest development.
Perplexed he picked up the receiver and hesitantly said hello into it.
“Ready?” he said and slowly rose from his chair.
“What was that all about?”
“Whatever gave you that idea?” Sherlock said, a hint of questioning in his voice.
As I wasn’t sleeping with anyone such a threat didn’t really bother me, but I kept my eye out for him for a few weeks after that phone call, just in case he was going to show up and cause a scene. He never came though and eventually he faded into the past and I forgot about him.
Mycroft reached for a piece of the sliced-up cake and put it on his plate next to his teacup. He didn’t take a bite though, merely gave John a sharp look.
“No!”
“I have no idea, Mycroft. Because all I’ve seen ever since I first met you is a man intent on trying to dupe me into losing what’s mine! I know you’ve never warmed to me and that is of no true importance in my opinion as I’ve hardly warmed to the coldest man in England in return, but I will not allow you to deny me the right to see him, or so help me God I will unleash everything I know about you and it will end with your name attached to a scandal of such enormous proportions that you won’t be able to ever rise from it again.”
The other tactic had been to pick a fight, hopefully driving John from the flat out of pure annoyance, but it had failed as well. Too content after the sex they had engaged in, John was possible more tolerant to every annoying effort Sherlock attempted in order to get him to storm out, and eventually Sherlock himself tired of his own game and gave up.
Despite this attitude earning them results, John couldn’t help but feel irked by it.
But to his surprise, Sherlock gave a truthful sounding answer.
answer.”
I fooled you by taking eyedrops to shrink the size of my pupils and a pill to slow down my heartrate, the rest was just theatrics.
This only increased Victor’s rage even further.
John feels his fingers itching with the impulse to slap Mycroft out of his silence.
The lack of time had not left him with a lot of options to consider how to proceed now that the cards of his opponent were out in the open, he didn’t really know what the evening would bring, but he assumed it would be unpleasant. Especially if Magnussen was going to be present as well.
“Unlike you?”
When he does finally speak, he sounds close to broken.
This experience also had the decidedly negative aspect of actually killing him, slowly but determinedly, unlike the drug withdrawals who had the benefit of at least
As Mycroft wasn’t comfortable touching people in general, and specifically not people lying about in the bio hazardous den his brother called a home, it felt like the safest option to do it this way. It was after all one of the reasons for carrying his umbrella in the first place whenever dealing with anything related to Sherlock, the risk of contamination being far too great, not to mention unpleasant.
is the one trying to get to the bottom of a situation Mycroft should be working on already.
Happy with how he had handled the situation with Mycroft, he decided to join a couple of his co-workers for an evening down at the pub after work to keep himself from moping around and instead celebrate his new-found freedom.
He cut himself off before he had uttered the rest of the sentence. “No, don’t answer that. Is this what you use that chemistry set of yours to do? Cooking your own drugs and producing homemade lubricant?”
It seemed unthinkable, and yet, if being forced somehow....?
He pulled out a large item and then presented it to John.
“Oh, he’s ignored far more important things than neglecting to show up for a lunch date. Did he actually reply that he was going to attend?”
Sherlock made a huge show of appearing to be the opposite of his older brother and put on a most disgusted expression at the suggestion that he would even consider folloing in Mycrroft's footsteps.
Would they manage to form something more lasting than the combination of danger and sex that had so far been the thing that had drawn them to each other. Would it be the beginning of something new or the end of what they had when this adventure was over?
John feels like he is about to explode and everything that has been happening in that room passes before his eyes in a quick recap while his cheeks turn heated, things he until now thought were private.
In any case it would be interesting to see if he would be willing to negotiate and what he had to bargain with.
None of the actions leading up to Sherlock leaving him drugged and abandoned on the sofa while chasing after Dr Roylott was ever addressed but it was now beginning to fester inside John’s head as time went by.
“You’re being too modest. That’s not a quality that anyone will thank you for in the end. Sherlock Holmes thrives on getting under his brother’s skin, that’s hardly something that will ever stop as long as they’re both breathing. No, I think it must be down to something else, something that apparently only you can provide. “
The glasses....
“I’ll come find you tomorrow morning, Dr Watson. I’m afraid the offer to use my driver has been withdrawn but I’m sure you’ll manage to find a way to get yourself home. You’re an army doctor after all, being resourceful is hardly a novelty for someone like you.”
“Yes! I was there, I witnessed your struggle, you had trouble breathing, your lips were actually blue! I inserted the bloody adrenaline shot myself!”
The was a soft scoff heard.
That suited Mycroft fine, as he wasn’t particularly fond of these kinds of assignments anyway, preferring to be the strategist who stayed behind his desk. Sherlock would definitely be the one to do most of the work tonight.
“Anything in particular you would like me to convey?”
Mycroft raised both eyebrows this time, as if genuinely surprised by John’s confusion.
“I also assume it would upset your parents if he decided to kill you,” John concluded as he kept his eyes on the other man to see his reaction.
John could feel his thoughts spinning because he knew what he had seen yesterday and to prove to himself that it had been real, he stepped forward and forewent any rules about personal boundaries by actually reaching out to tilt Sherlock’s head a little to get a better view.
It simply had to be stopped.
Mycroft was not yet fully wrestling his brother’s body out of John’s grip but as close to without actually doing it and John couldn’t help but protectively keep Sherlock’s unconscious form even closer to his chest.
Mycroft noticed that Sherlock was laying it on pretty thick pretending to be a person still in search of a direction in life. Plenty of time on his hands and no goals in life. It was far from who Sherlock truly was, even if he seemingly didn't do much between cases, but apparently this personality trait appealed to Magnussen because he looked very amused.
He was reminded of how it felt driving home to visit their parents, something he very seldom did, unless Mycroft more or less kidnapped him to do so. Such journeys were similar to this, him sitting in the backseat of a car watching the pulse of the big city receding behind his back in favour of this, the imminent countryside and outer boroughs, where there was no buzzing of life and sound, where everything was vast and far between.
He tried clearing his throat again to get rid of the stifling sensation and was about to raise the medical bag to open it when Sherlock with a slight shrug made the dressing gown fall off his shoulders completely and then removed his arms from the remaining fabric so he was sitting with his upper body fully naked, a flimsy heap of clothing just covering his privates now from around the waist and down.
were there and considering his strong aversion to you, that is saying a lot. Lucky for you that he didn’t react on your intrusion or you would have been put to sleep as well if he had felt inclined to shoot you along with the others.”
“That wasn’t solely because of Magnussen. If the victim hadn’t done something himself, Magnussen wouldn’t have been able to blackmail him in the first place.”
Well, he was most certainly not going to do that. Not after all that crowing he had put his brother through recently, he would rather chew glass.
Planning ahead was Mycroft’s area and he was admittedly good at it, but it wasn’t possible for him to reach out to the older Holmes brother and tell him about his discovery without alerting the others in the room.
Sherlock’s eyes were still glued to the screen and John stared at his friend as if trying to drill a hole inside his head. A flutter of nervousness made itself known to him, and he wasn’t completely sure it had to do with Sherlock’s plan of evading Magnussen, even if that was also a cause for concern. No, it was the fact that Magnussen displayed this kind of eagerness to get in contact with Sherlock that worried him. Because what on earth could have warranted this kind of almost obsessive response? What exactly was it that the two of them had gotten up to last night?
They stared at each other in silence for a second, Sherlock’s eyes glittering in anticipation, his own with mischief.
anything in private? You’re only his doctor, hardly his confidant.”
“Well, there is always that well-proven method where you simply ask a person about what you want to know, instead being all creepy about it, waving a gun....”
Dr Roylott’s coarse voice was preferable to the smooth slithering of Magnussen’s in John’s ears and in an effort to get a control of the feelings threatening to overpower him whenever the thought of Sherlock’s deceit hit him, he closed his eyes against his own reflection and bent his head down, his chin towards his chest, taking a few deep breaths.
“What do you mean by that?”
“Your fiancé?” he concluded, a combination of curiosity, hatred, jealousy and panic vying for dominance inside of him at the idea of finally facing the man that had haunted his thoughts for so long.
After all, normal humans expect those kinds of emotions being displayed under circumstances like these. John Watson would probably have been equally puzzled if Mycroft had marched in to declare that his brother had been abducted without showing so much as a sign of distress at news like that.
He was normally not a very jealous person, he believed in giving people the benefit of the doubt once deciding to trust them, and even if Sherlock was a gifted liar when it helped him in his work, John wasn’t prepared to believe that Sherlock would lie to him about things that actually mattered. Especially not now when they were so much more to each other.
“You call it acting, others would call it lying,” John dryly pointed out.
The question is who and what the missing footage is showing.
“It sounds to me like he was trying to impress you. Like he was actually taking you out on a
It was the exact authentic sensation of soft, slightly dry texture of skin that he remembered, the familiar callous on his thumb and the neatly cut nails that, unlike Sherlock’s, were always kept clean, short and efficient because of his profession and lasting rituals from his army days.
John licked his own lips to savour the lingering taste of the other man's mouth and felt his heart beating profoundly in his chest. My God how he wanted this to continue and by the looks of it, so did Sherlock. His pupils were huge as saucers.
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply but then bit back whatever he had been about to say as John was clearly not willing to listen and instead had turned his back and marched out of the kitchen, into the living room.
Focusing is to be his guiding light and nothing else!
But just as he was bracing himself against the onslaught, the man in front of him suddenly stumbled and lost his balance, falling down on his knees in a staggering motion.
try to keep your focus on our relationship so you would miss the obvious signs of my drug abuse as well as other things that I wanted to keep in the dark.
He breathed shallowly and tried to focus his eyes.
The crowd was already beginning to scatter, and the car slowly made its way forward when Stamford reached John and put a hand on his shoulder, curiosity in his his eyes.
John remembers how guilty he had felt at that moment. The kiss still tingling on his lips, thoughts of Sherlock and Mary fighting for dominance in the beehive inside his head.
John took a deep breath, slowly releasing it before he spoke again, despairingly pinching the bridge of his noise while trying to keep his calmness in check.
The first day and a half back at the flat passed without much issue. Not even the matter of sleeping arrangement presented itself as an obstacle.
John’s eyed widened in shock because what the hell was happening here? Did Mycroft actually intend to force his little brother to stick a hand inside a jar with a wasp inside it, no less than a day after he had been admitted to hospital on account of anaphylactic shock due to the sting of that very same insect??
“Your brother mentioned that you could be quite a handful.”
Sherlock had managed to pique his interest beyond the normal appeal he held for young, good-looking men, he had presented an allure beyond the expected and that was most likely the reason why Magnussen chased him so determinedly now.
There was a pause and Magnussen looked at Mycroft, wondering what he was going to say about the obvious absence of Dr Watson. But Mycroft didn’t say anything about it, simply kept his features blank as he led the way to the familiar room where Magnussen had enjoyed so many pleasurable visits.
That mysterious vault where everything Magnussen had on his victims was allegedly hidden away…
As the door had closed behind Mr Rudd the remaining man gave John a complacent smile that did not reach his eyes, giving him a smarmy appearance that immediately put John on edge.
The opportunities were endless and while he had been sitting across the man this afternoon he had entertained himself with picturing the various scenarios he could choose from, the man sobbing in the chair in front of him being none the wiser.
A glint of mischief in his eyes told John that he already had something particular in mind and he couldn’t help but sigh and wonder what the hell he had gotten himself into.
“Running from danger is my regular exercise, where else would I get it?”
He has felt it all along, the way Mycroft almost reluctantly and more out of obligation than anything else, has kept him fairly updated on the abduction but nothing more.
He was fast asleep.
Despite being utterly despicable, Magnussen had been his best chance of eventually being found, even if being dead by then.
Magnussen was well aware that Mycroft Holmes only pressure point in this life was Sherlock and without him, Mycroft was a blank card with unknown qualities.
Initially I wasn’t going to include you in any of my plans, as I told you the other night. I thought it best that I pushed you away instead and I still think it is a lot to ask of you to get involved with someone as dangerous as Magnussen and to some extent Victor as well.  But as you have proven to be so irreplaceable to me, I’ve been forced to change my mind and include you nonetheless. Very selfish of me, I know, but there you have it.
It was too early to feel the taste of real victory but at least there might actually be a chance to neutralize Magnussen now and get Sherlock out of the marriage arrangements.
“And Dr Watson?”
But as he entered the living room he had stopped in his tracks.
John shakes his head at that.
He resisted the urge to correct him and ask him to use Mr instead of Dr, out of sheer stubbornness, but then thought better of it. He was probably letting this whole strange situation get the better of him and there was no need to do so as long as he had no actual reason to feel on edge.
“Oh, I see. Perhaps there was more to your infatuation than just wishful thinking? Did he perhaps even encourage your feelings?”
A wide smile spread across the other man's features, making him look predatory.
Securely locked in his arms he turned and began to walk back down the hall they had just left.
John had checked under his mattress, but it had not been there, so Victor had clearly decided to hold onto it.
“I’ll try to not disappoint, Mr Holmes,” he simply said, keeping his thoughts to himself .
“Clearly. What I do, to put it bluntly, is that I deal with information in various capacities, from the news you see on tv or in the papers, to the gossip you might read online or hear about around the water cooler at work, but also the more personal information that every individual carries with them, things that they might not always be so willing to share with others because it would risk changing people’s opinion of them. And don’t we all have that dirty little secret that we wouldn’t share with just anyone, more likely just keep it to ourselves and pretend that it never happened. But there are advantages to be made from digging up these secrets, both to the provider of the information as well as the distributor. In this case that would be me. “
Mycroft Holmes was a person famously difficult to get close to. Fiercely private, opting to work in the shadows rather than in the spotlight, he acted as the puppeteer of those in power, the shadow master that ruled from the side-lines and those who needed to know of his influence did so without having to meet with him. His name alone spoke volumes to those who knew who he was and what he could achieve.
Not in his own chair but in Sherlock’s, John had seated himself, and in his lap a very familiar object rested, on open display, accompanied by a very firm gleam in the army doctor’s eyes.
“Whatever you might think, Dr Watson, you don’t really know my brother. He has been experimenting with drugs many times over the years, but that has nothing whatsoever to do with his upcoming marriage to Victor Trevor. You’re quite right in that leaving my brother to his own devices will mean that he sooner or later will succumb to his abuse completely. That was one of the reasons why we needed a physician to check up on him in the first place, because no one deceives like an addict and my brother is the most manipulative one of them all, but blood tests and physical exams don’t lie. If they had been executed properly on a regular basis, we could have caught wind of this sooner.”
Mycroft nods.
The fact that Sherlock Holmes sauntered out of their home in the early hours of the evening the day before yesterday with the elusive excuse of going to procure some samples of the South Bank beach mud to one of his experiments is the perfect explanation for John not putting much thought into his flatmate’s whereabouts.
When dealing with someone like Magnussen, it needed to be more memorable than a meeting at his office. Office meetings were more his brother’s area, Sherlock worked under different circumstances and he knew just what to do to keep Magnussen’s interest piqued. Something to truly burn an image into the retinas of those shark-like eyes.
Sherlock has always made a point of trying to avoid Mycroft’s surveillance cameras and on the evening when he headed out to gather mud samples he disappeared fairly quickly out of sight.
It had been quite pleasing to realise that Sherlock had so easily decided to drop the case altogether. No more Magnussen, no more jealousy, no more Mycroft for a little while. They could go back to chasing the type of criminals they usually dealt with, maybe Lestrade had something exciting to offer them if no clients came knocking on their door.
The house squeaked and moaned from the force of the storm outside and Mycroft felt that cold grip of fear close around his heart once more as he listened to Anthea’s voice talking with trepidation and uncertainty, tinged with a bottomless sorrow he had never heard her speak in before, as she told him the news that made him gasp for air as the words developed into a blur of sentences he could no longer grasp the meaning of.
“That’s excellent news! You need to come off as really bitter and vengeful when you meet with him tomorrow. Stick to the truth as much as possible, tell him about the affair, about me using you for my own purposes while taking drugs right under your nose while distracting you with sex. Make it sound like I really used you and when he asks for something to corroborate your story, tell him that you have a piece of my underwear or something, perhaps a note from me, anything that will wet his appetite enough to warrant a second visit.”
R-i-d-i-c-u-l-o-u-s!
The smile that played on Sherlock’s lips lingered for a second longer before he replied.
“No why would that topic come up in conversation? I didn’t know who you were until I met you at the dinner party. Your world is not exactly my area.”
As Sherlock reached for the handle to open the door, Mycroft’s hand shot out and held his wrist in a firm grip, preventing him from doing so.
Whatever John’s relationship with Harry might have been through the years, it was at least a normal relationship between siblings, temporarily hidden beneath layers of resentment and her drinking habits combined with his many years abroad and several miles of distance that meant that they weren’t particularly close anymore.  But still, their slightly barbed tone when taking the time to communicate with each other was nothing compared to how the two Holmes brothers opted to conduct their decidedly twisted family affair and John wondered how much of Mycroft’s overbearing shadow was to blame for Sherlock’s rebellious behaviour and perhaps even his drug abuse.
“I believe you left this behind today. I thought it important that it was returned to you before you began wondering about its whereabouts.”
“Where is he then?”
"Wait? What rumour?"
“It’s hardly a coincidence that my brother and the man in charge of his surveillance team are both missing at the same time. If you add into the mix that Jeremy Marcus has erased every evidence of his existence  before he disappeared and then also the rumour, however loose, that he seemed to have been a bit too keen regarding his position as head of surveillance, it doesn’t take Sherlock Holmes to figure out what’s happened,” Mycroft dryly concludes.
It wasn’t even because of the darkness, Mycroft wasn’t afraid of the dark, he thrived in it, skulking in the shadows.
Magnussen immediately feigned ignorance.
He had seen neither Sherlock nor Magnussen since leaving them behind hours ago and hopefully that was a good sign. His brother would surely have sought him out if he had not succeeded in keeping Magnussen entertained, and since Mycroft had not seen him, he concluded that they still were together somewhere.
With that he released his grip around the chin and reached inside the coverlet to retrieve one of Sherlock’s hands, pressing his moist lips to the thin wrist, sucking at the position of the radial artery, allowing his teeth to scrape against the delicate skin.
This finally earns him a reaction more resembling Mycroft’s usual repertoire.
“I’m not criticizing, I’m merely baffled. And quite curious as to what sort of magic he might be pulling if you haven’t made him run for the hills yet.”
easily, swearing off the whole Magnussen business a little
you. Have I made myself clear?”
“How very explicit of you, Captain Watson. Corporal punishment with an item normally used to tame horses with.”
Besides, even if he eventually did, it would be too late by then. It was plausible that he managed to locate Dr Roylott, if he deigned to involve Magnussen in his search, but by then Sherlock would be disposed of and gone, and Mycroft would never know for sure what had happened to his younger brother.
Magnussen was sitting in an armchair, sipping a cup of black coffee, still dressed in his night gown, watching a young girl standing on all four over by the left corner of the room, scrubbing at a stain on the floor quite ferociously.
“Which is why you should have called for an ambulance!”
It had been a close call, too close for comfort, and John had done his best to push that thought away despite unable to fully ban it from memory. Sights like this, with Sherlock back to his old self again, still slightly sleepy but decidedly alive did help. It helped chase away the images of his pale face and lifeless body that John still had etched on his mind.
But no use harping on about something that couldn’t be changed, so instead he told himself to make the best of an evening he did not know what to expect from, have a few drinks and eat some good food, look at the rich people they way you went to the zoo to look at exotic animals and just treat this like a social experiment he had accepted to be a part of and now had to suffer the consequences of, depending on what Victor Trevor had in store to shove in his face.
Despite Sherlock’s deception, a part of John still naturally cared for him, and drugs withstanding, this ought to be addressed, and he might as well be the one to do it as no one else was likely going to.
A silence stretched out and the finger on the intercom button lingered for a second with hesitancy, as if refusing entrance was still optional.
His mind was clearly churning over the piece of information John had offered him and that had rendered him defenceless for a second, almost vulnerable instead. To take the gun out of his hands now would have been child’s play, to simply clock him a hard one straight to the chin even easier.
“Very much so,” the shadow by the door replied.
He had been picked up by Magnussen’s car as expected so Mycroft knew that the meeting had not been cancelled, but the question was if the doctor was going to succeed in his efforts to get invited to Magnussen’s home.
There is something almost intimate about the gesture while at the same time nothing but a finger’s touch to another person’s radius point. A brother to boot, siblings are allowed signs of affection between them after all, without it being in any way suspicious.
“Sounds like a loser if you ask me. My sister had a similar experience awhile back, a bloke who seemed like the genuine deal and then turned cold from one day to the next. Maybe it was the same one? What did you say yours looked like?”
Mycroft was already starting to regret his previous decision to bring John Watson along. What use could he possibly offer, more than to cause a scene when faced with Magnussen? Maybe Mycroft should have endured his present predicament and allowed for things to be as they were?
John made an indifferent shrug, turning his head to look at Magnussen over his shoulder, hand still holding the handle.
He should perhaps never even have given into Sherlock’s suggestion to make their interactions sexual in the first place. If he had stayed professional and just performed his duties like Mycroft had asked him to do he would have been getting closer to reaching the goal that had been his initial reason for accepting Mycroft’s proposal, not throwing himself into even deeper despair than what he had faced when returning from the army.
“Come now, Dr Watson. I’m a businessman, trying to make a good deal is what I do for a living, can’t fault me from trying to get my money’s worth.”
“Because what he’s suffering from....”
But as his assistant had failed to inform him of any further details regarding Magnussen’s whereabouts, merely giving him an address where the man was currently residing, he had not reflected on the risk of making a nuisance of himself until the doors to the private dining room had been opened and he had faced his own negligence.
Mycroft turned to face Magnussen.
To his surprise it felt slightly painful to consider that angle but for now he decided to waive it away on account of the promising arrangement that Sherlock was offering him right now.
Sherlock snorted and twisted away, the moment for cheekiness was over.
But now, when it actually has happened, he has failed to catch on. He’s gullible that way, when he finally has cause for concern, he is blind to it. He might suspect something, but he doesn’t know for sure. You’re still just a threat like any other man I might associate with.”
I need to be the one taking my brother to safety. We have no idea what we are facing if confronted with Dr Roylott again, but you, Dr Watson, are armed. You need to distract him while I’ll get Sherlock to the helicopter. Backup is on its way; all you need to do is to distract him so we can escape. Sherlock’s life rather depends on it, I fear.”
Mycroft never did things like that, resorting to violence himself, but instead finding strength in the power of keeping his calm in the eye of a hurricane, giving others the order of destruction instead.
So Sherlock could sulk if he wanted to, it wouldn’t change anything in the end.
He peeked out into the hall and could see Dr Roylott come charging in his direction now. As he had passed the room where Mycroft was hiding with Sherlock, John saw the door silently open and the figure of the older Holmes brother carrying the younger in his arms, sneak out behind the doctor’s back and head for the stairs.
“Don’t try to guilt-trip me into acting the way you want me to by making me take him into consideration, I never asked for you to hire him. Frankly I don’t see the point of a private physician anyway.”
“Stones in glass houses, Sherlock....”
It was Magnussen who, like a true sexual predator, had wormed his way into Sherlock’s bed, time and time again, taking advantage of the situation in the most despicable way imaginable.
Clearly Sherlock then, or Mrs Hudson, if not for the fact that she wasn’t at home and hadn’t been for the past two days.
“If something was ailing my brother, Dr Watson would be tending to him this very minute, so rest assure that everything is as it should be.”
So far, Victor was still operating under Magnussen’s protection and a measly gun charge was hardly going to solve anything for them, merely aggravate Victor even more. But eventually, the man was going to get what was coming to him.
But despite feeling relatively secure in the knowledge that Sherlock has always managed to get himself out of every tricky situation thrown his way so far, John also knows that
Not until now.
But then, as if finding the very core of self-preservation inside himself, he had continued to walk instead of hesitating, as if pretending that the situation wasn’t threatening to him. And the snake had not lashed out.
The headache, his drowsy state and the feeling that he had been thoroughly played in every way possible by the man in front of him caused a spike of anger to pierce through him. He didn’t like the feeling of having been kept in the dark despite offering his help with Magnussen, it was as if he had been a helpless bystander without a bloody clue about anything.
John watched him, reluctant to move from his position on the carpet even if he knew that he should at least begin to put some clothes on soon.
“Wh.....
“Go tell him yourself,” and with that the other man strolled off.
To make matters worse, Magnussen was clearly sensing his discomfort and did nothing to lessen his embarrassment by breaking the silence that had surfaced between them now that the others were gone. He merely sat at the high end of the table, a small smile on his lips, the cold eyes glittering behind his glances as if infinitely amused.
Shaking the unease he feels when witnessing this unusual behaviour from Mycroft while simultaneously trying to keep his own rising panic in check, he decides that he needs more information and also a plan of action.
And with those words Sherlock turned and left.
He was visibly angry and seemed to be the kind of man who, when provoked, would not hold back when incensed.
“Whose reports quickly dwindled in quality according to everyone privy to reading them. Did you even bother to perform the most basic of tests in the end?”
If there was the slightest hint of a tremble in his voice they both ignored it and Sherlock was not showing any signs of being chastened by his brother’s words.
“Good luck, Dr Watson. I’ll be expecting your report later today.”
That the formidable Mycroft Holmes had a younger brother who was almost as equally brilliant in his own right but completely untameable, looked nothing like a stuffy old bureaucrat but instead worked as some sort of consultant to Scotland Yard, made the rumour mill run wild at the mention of his name.
John sighed and decided that it would be for the best if he put this particular detail straight as it clearly seemed to cause Sherlock some concern that his brother was privy to everything being said between them. Because that would not be case as far as John was concerned.
Sherlock sighed dramatically and rummaged through his pockets until he found what he was looking for and put a cigarette between his lips.
When Sherlock then lost consciousness and remained that way despite every effort to make him wake up, John feared that all would be lost, that Sherlock would actually die right there in front of them.
“You know that is for your own good....”
And while those words actually caused John some discomfort because it reminded him of how far along he had gone in the ruse to fool Mycroft, he promised to not overdo it in the future.
Satisfied that he had done what he could at the moment, he hoped this would create the desired rift between Victor and Magnussen as well as get himself off Victor’s radar so he could focus on his own dealings with Magnussen.
Magnussen tilted his head a little bit to the side, as if assessing Mycroft carefully.
Naturally he did his best not to let any of these emotions show on his features and instead he cleared his throat and did his best to sound distantly polite as he asked the obvious question.
But it wasn’t the make-shift doctor that was standing by the doorway and Sherlock’s scathing comment immediately faded, his eyes widening in disbelief.
“I expect you to snap out of this deplorable state as quickly as possible, I’m not allowing you to worm yourself out of our agreement by drugging yourself into immobility. I want my pound of flesh as has been promised.”
Sherlock shrugged.
? And more importantly, what did he want?
As much as he hated the idea, especially after everything Sherlock had told him about the man and his too persistently sexual advances, it was clear that the lunch offer needed to be accepted if they were going to get anywhere with Magnussen, and as he contemplated how he was going to make Sherlock accept that invitation, he gathered his towel and the water bottle before exiting the room.
He realised that the timing might be abysmal as Victor was by now probably wringing his hands anxiously regarding Sherlock’s state and it felt a bit much adding to that burden by dropping news like this on him, but John also knew that if he didn’t do it now, who knew when a better time would come.
But after an hour or so he woke by something disturbing him in his sleep and as his tired eyes slowly opened to see what the cause for the disturbance was, he saw a tall dark figure looming over him where he was splayed out on the bed.
“Oh, don’t provoke me, Sherlock, or I’ll actually do it.”
living room!”
“No, I imagine he wouldn’t be very pleased hearing about that. Any suggestions then? I didn’t do my job today after all, merely a feeble attempt at listening through my stethoscope. Not sure I was able to hear a bloody thing with you performing that striptease act.”
Sure, there was always Magnussen to worry about, wherever he was lurking at the moment, but even if they stumbled upon him somewhere downstairs, he would be easier for Mycroft to handle.
Magnussen froze for a second. The woman at the other end knew not to speak until specifically told to do so and the silence stretched out as he contemplated this piece of information.
As Mycroft had no idea what John and Sherlock were up to, he had no reason to check old camera feeds or time stamps to keep track of John’s coming and goings, but it still felt safer to take the secret pathway today.
worry about you, my life would have been infinitely easier if that had not been the case. As it is a part of my character entirely out of my own control, and you apparently can’t stop doing stupid things on a regular basis, I guess that situation is never going to change. But for once in your irresponsible life, can you just listen to me, Sherlock? Stop whatever it is you think you’re going to accomplish by taunting Magnussen the way you are doing, because it will backfire eventually. Perhaps not immediately, perhaps you manage to balance this act for a little while longer, lying to John while resuming to lead Magnussen on, but mark my words, it will happen, and by continuing down this path you risk losing more than what you bargained for in the first place.”
They were living together already, sharing the adrenaline rush of their cases, practically a couple in every sense of the word despite the small but very significant last piece of intimacy still missing that would have made them complete as a couple.
All those feelings he had experienced that night, the shock, the hurt, the anger, the heartache, it had all been for nothing. Injecting the Narcan, Sherlock throwing up all over the place, their harsh words launched against one another and his own angry exit. It had all just been a part of a grander scheme that he had no idea was taking place straight under his own nose. It was quite humiliating to consider that he had been played so easily. He was a bloody doctor for God’s sake, he should have been able to tell!
How did Mycroft know anything about what had transpired between himself and that poor young man today?
As there was now movement from the locked-up room, steps moving across the floor, soon followed by sounds behind the door, John quickly explained about the shirt button, and then a little more hesitantly about the fire poker, that particular clue he wasn’t sure was actually correct.
It never had the opportunity to simply be a flatmate arrangement, not when the first 24 hours of their acquaintance had them chasing a serial killer, John firing his army weapon through a window saving Sherlock from ingesting a possibly poisonous pill, being interviewed by Mycroft in an abandoned warehouse and then ending the evening by playing ignorant to Lestrade’s questioning looks before being whisked off to a Chinese restaurant for a well-deserved dinner.
***********
“That’s idea. Appearances are everything in this day and age, so who bothers with real facts? It’s what we
“Oh, I’m well aware. Which is the very reason why I’m here.”
So without another word he turned on his heal and he left.
. What does it matter where we are?” Sherlock absently said, clearly more concerned with what his hands were currently trying to achieve than what the room looked like.
Sherlock’s serious face stared at him from the discarded photo next to him and Victor sighed deeply, pressing a soft kiss to that angular face before he turned his attention back to the letter.
This had been at the beginning of their relationship and he felt a pang of regret when realising that he would never again get the opportunity to perform another research like that.
His voice sounded like a raspy croak, probably dry from being unused as well as a lack of fluids. His spirit wasn’t broken yet though, even in this state he managed to sound almost haughty, going against the terrible state of his appearance.
“I added the flavour essence of cinnamon rolls. You once said you’re fond of those.”
The other option was to somehow alert Mycroft to his discovery of the button, and with his aid solve the situation.
Dr Watson thrived on danger almost as much as Sherlock did, albeit for different reasons, and a good old-fashioned impromptu visit to a real criminal’s lair was likely a huge temptation for a man with his inclinations. But still, even if the good doctor sometimes seemed to be a masochist when persistently remaining by Sherlock’s side, he was also a proud man and the question was if this last incident of being drugged had perhaps been the final straw regarding his patience.
Lestrade chuckles as he begins to remember as well.
Also very much like his brother.
Sherlock twisted his head to look at John over his shoulder as he complied with his order, but John stubbornly stared straight ahead instead, not returning his stare.
It was no longer relevant.
“There is no magic to it, I just stop by to take his pulse twice a week, maybe he just stopped trying to annoy his brother...” he began but was immediately interrupted.
She didn’t seem content by his words though but instead just rambled on about the prick of a man who had scorned her.
“I’ll look forward to seeing you tomorrow morning.”
A slight murmur was heard from the guests and John frowned in confusion, because what was that supposed to mean? Sherlock himself looked motionless and just stared straight ahead, avoiding every curious glance thrown his way, while Victor didn’t seem to be paying much attention, occupied as he was by looking at his groom to be.
John couldn’t help but let a small snort escape as he remembered once again what Stamford had told him about the mystery surrounding Mycroft’s occupation.
It annoyed him that all of it was now hanging on the very inexperienced shoulders of Dr John Watson and he prayed that the man’s meeting with Magnussen tonight might at least generate a quick end to this ordeal.
The rest of the house was almost as anonymous as what he had seen last night and as Sherlock seemed to be so frank when he talked, John decided to be the same way by mentioning the observation he had made regarding the lack of interior details in the house.
“Oh, but I think you do. If you really think about it.”
John reached for Sherlock’s phone that sprang to life at his touch, the display showcasing 55 missed calls now, assumingly all from Magnussen. At least something was going according to plan even if these two mother hens weren’t realising it.
He felt a sensation against the hand where the snake had bitten him and suddenly it felt like his arm loosened up, as if the restraints were no longer holding him stretched out.
While clenching his teeth to prevent him from crying out in agony, trashing against his confines, he desperately wondered how long until he drew his last breath.
“Why not? As you said, what else is there to do but wait? Might as well pass the time by getting some answers to a few burning questions I’ve been pondering as of late. Unless there is something you’re trying to keep from me, dear brother in law?”
He didn’t trust the man one bit, he wasn’t even convinced Magnussen wasn’t in on this whole escapade somehow, maybe he and this Dr Roylott character were cooperating somehow.
It annoyed me tremendously and I was frequently frustrated by his interference, so one night, high as kite and very spiteful about his relentless meddling, I decided to pay him back by breaking into his office and steal a project I knew he was working on at the moment.”
He watches himself from a few weeks ago pick up his jacket in panic without turning to face the two brothers who are throwing daggers with their eyes at each other, and then rushing out of the flat.
Now the game was no longer entertaining to him.
“You’ve done well, Dr Watson. You have far exceeded my expectations by finding what we were looking for. You saved us all a lot of time and effort.”
Sometimes he just looked at Sherlock as if he couldn’t believe how lucky he was to have found someone like him.
“How is Sherlock? Has he regained consciousness?” he asked, his eyes still firmly trained on the man in front of him.
Instead of letting further nonsense spew from his brother’s mouth, Mycroft cut in with an introduction.
John was already getting the feeling that Magnussen was trying to run circles around him to make him loose his footing, so he treaded very cautiously when he replied, thinking of Sherlock’s advice to stick to the script as far as possible.
Could she be referring to Caruthers who was the one who had hired him? It seemed unlikely, because John had not seen so much as the shadow of that man since he had signed his contract, what could he possibly want all of a sudden?
As Mycroft softly entered the room, not bothering to switch on the light, feeling a comfort in being shrouded in darkness and shadows, he heard his ow voice speak in a strangely quiet voice despite the fact that his heart was beating fast and erratic in its ribcage.
But if calmness had earlier managed to keep him in control, he now began to feel a trickle of actual dread run down his shoulder blades as he realised that the man might actually not make it and that there was nothing he could do but wait for the ambulance to arrive.
The words got stuck in his throat, unable to formulate what his own mind had secretly been dreading ever since he had learned just how interested Charles Magnussen actually seemed to be in Sherlock. He had suspected that some sort of incentive must have been given but had at the same time stubbornly refused to fully believe it. He knew how jealousy could twist and turn things until it made a person unable to separate reality from distrustful imaginations.
“What is it you’re not telling me?”
In John’s eyes Sherlock certainly was a hero.
“Why are you telling me this?” he finally said, allowing the tone of suspicion taint his words.
Sherlock continued to look at John while Mycroft kept talking, something uneasy unfurling inside of him as he realised that there anger in John's eyes were a reality now.
As he stepped out of the car, the figure at the top of the stairs didn’t move, but a voice came towards him though the darkness, a booming voice who despite his words didn’t sound particularly greeting.
He had never entertained the thought that a drug detox could have killed him, even if he theoretically knew that it could. He had somehow always survived those, however dangerous and extremely unsafe they had been, and he had always been sure of the end result, even when suffering from the most excruciating abdominal pains imaginable, throwing up and hallucinating.
This was the day when Sherlock was finally allowed to leave the hospital bed he had been confined to for close to three weeks now and it was difficult to say who rejoiced in that fact more: Sherlock who had hated every minute of it, the staff who had fallen prey to his impatient temperament  or John who had longed for Sherlock to come home again.
“I notice that being an arsehole runs in the family. That actually explains a lot. Goodbye.”
“Dr Stamford, yes,” he said, a glimmer of hope beginning to bloom inside his chest. Not that he was unhappy with his current position, but something more in line with his former field of expertise as well as better salary could improve his life in all kinds of areas. It was certainly a tempting thought.
When John passed the hunched figure in the doorway, Victor had flinched at his sudden appearance but beyond that he hadn’t reacted, hadn’t raised his gun, merely stared at him with a dead-eyed look, as if no longer present to face any consequences.
“I think we can agree that dear little Sherlock is a person who runs by his own agenda and you have no idea how to deal with someone like that, Dr Watson.”
“You did. It’s about ten years ago. Watford I think. That triple murder case that turned out to be nothing but some nutter trying to get Sherlock’s attention by staging crime scenes and calling Scotland Yard in order for you to bring your consultant.”
“I’m being more than generous giving you this opportunity to strike a deal knowing that the circumstances have changed considerably.”
But John would and that made the stinging sensation inside of him increase even more when thinking about it. So he decided not to, and just accept his fate, realising that it would soon be over anyway.
So instead he remained level-headed while addressing the increasingly agitated doctor.
“Mycroft?!”
“Dr Roylott was entirely too calm for someone accused of hiding a person under his roof. As if he wasn’t in a particular hurry to get back to his prisoner. He wasn’t faced by the fact that I thought he had my brother here at first, but the moment I approached the subject of his connection to Magnussen and what I suspected was an enterprise of a criminal nature....well you saw it yourself, he grew angry within seconds. After that, everything I said just aggravated him even further.”
A dog would have been the choice if Sherlock had been the one in charge, but Mycroft preferred cats.
camera in the flat.
Granted, he was also doing this to get a closer look at the man that had been with Magnussen the other night, but as Mycroft had made it clear that he wasn’t interested in pursuing any other targets right now, it was something Sherlock was going to keep to himself.
At least John could still hear the sound of shallow rapid gasps coming from the parted lips and he sat down, leaning against one of the dumpsters with the young man’s head in his lap, cradling it with his fingers deeply burrowed in the sweat-soaked curls and waited for the ambulance crew to arrive and take the situation into their capable hands.
Mycroft has joined the men in front of the surveillance screens so his back is turned against John, but it’s not difficult to figure out who he is addressing when he finally speaks, after a few minutes of silence, concentration glued to the screens in front of him.
He pressed the button so the voice mail could be played out to him, lifting the phone up to his ear while he sat down by the side of the bed.
“Nothing. There is nothing I
John realised that however irresistible it was to just wrap his arms around Sherlock and press his lips against his soft plush mouth and allow himself  to succumb to his supressed desire and longing, nothing good could come out of it if he didn’t take this opportunity to address the issues he knew they were still facing.
Time to wake up from his foolish dreams and join the world of reality.
If nothing else, he wants a confirmation that there had been a camera installed in their bathroom and he wants Mycroft to explain what that glitch in the surveillance film is about.
No name on the envelope except for his own and then the word “urgent” written in black.
When I’m married to Victor, Mycroft will no longer be held under any obligation to do Magnussen’s bidding and the missile plans will be returned to Victor. He will keep them as a guarantee that I won’t divorce him, but Magnussen will be off our backs at least. He is a terrible presence in our lives but luckily a fleeting one.
“Apologies,” Mycroft mumbled and looked away, his eyes on Sherlock once more. He drew a resigned hand across his features and then sat down heavily on the sofa next to his brother’s unconscious form. He reached out his hand to stroke an errant curl from Sherlock’s damp forehead while John continued to keep watch over his breathing as well as his pulse.
“Magnussen came to visit. He was not pleased that you neglected to show up for lunch.”
Shaking the feeling of unease that this realisation created inside of him, he concentrated on what he had in front of him instead, approaching Sherlock from behind, running his hands up and down his back, over the buttocks and down his thighs before he wormed his arms around to the front to start working on the buttons and the zipper holding those fancy dress pants in place.
Even from a distance he saw that the formerly locked door was now opened and a slightly hunched figure stood leaning against the frame, the gun still in his hand, the hand now listlessly hanging as if all his strength had deserted him.
After that he strode off, leaving John with his mouth mentally gaping in bafflement while Sherlock was throwing daggers at his retreating back.
It was still too dark to see him properly but his familiar scent as well as his voice was all John had needed to know who he was facing this time.
he had asked less than ten minutes ago and he had sensed that the question had come too late. Now, everything was beyond salvation.
Without presenting a hand to shake or any other signs of recognition the man began to talk, his voice a strange mix of poshness with a slight Norfolk-tang to it that suggested that he originally had been a country boy who had made it into more high-class environments and had put the effort into diminishing his original accent but not quite succeeded. A poser rather than the original thing.
There had been no camera in the courtyard where he had found the young man though.
The only person who really is safe from Mycroft’s ominous power is Sherlock, another proof that despite their constant sniping and bickering, little brothers are apparently off limits even to a man who has the potential to ruin a person’s whole existence.
**********
John’s mouth twitched at the irony of for once feeling more sure of a situation than Sherlock did.
“What’s keeping you up, brother dear? I’m not going to be naïve enough to think that the weather woke you, you’ve clearly not slept at all.”
As Sherlock was getting better, John regained his ability to breathe more easily and reality made an unwelcome but not unexpected return as his thoughts shifted focus from the immediate crisis of Sherlock’s survival, to all the other unpleasant details that had also played a huge part in this case and were difficult to ignore even if he had tried to trample them down in the beginning.
He had no idea who could have sent it to him and initially he hadn’t cared to read it, far too busy wallowing in his own misery.
John simply couldn’t stomach it any longer and headed out of the dining room and straight for the stairs in the search for a bathroom. He was in dire need to throw up.
He looked like himself again and it still was an overwhelmingly joyous sight to behold when seeing him move every muscle of his body, after the worry that he might never be able to do so again.
John got the distinct feeling that Magnussen was suddenly trying to backpaddle out of any previous promises by suddenly turning vague and he had to remind himself to keep his temper while fearing that he had revealed too much and thereby blowing his only chance of getting Magnussen to arrange for a second meeting.
Sherlock paused for a second and snorted sardonically, as if berating his younger self for the stupidity of his actions. John wanted to reach out and touch his arm in a comforting gesture but felt unsure if it would be appreciated. Sherlock seemed too far off inside his own head to notice anything, so he refrained from following his instinct and kept his hands to himself.
Despite scouring hours and hours of CCTV-footage, talking to people in contact with Mr Marcus, people in contact with Sherlock, trying to track down any unusual activity around the time of the disappearance, there is nothing.
The urge to slap one of those heated cheeks was really tempting, but instead Magnussen released his grip of the hair and stepped back from the bed, deciding to leave the question about John Watson unanswered for now.
Without replying, Magnussen leaned over Mycroft to take a proper look at the newcomer. He didn’t extend a hand or greet him, he just gave John a thorough one over, then leaned back in his seat again.
Magnussen made a dismissive gesture with his hand in John direction, now having turned his eyes to look at Sherlock instead, giving him his full attention, devouring him with a hungry gaze.
When Magnussen stepped inside, Mycroft made sure to remain calmly seated behind his desk, exuding the air of someone so important that he didn’t need to put on a show of visualising it, he would let the firm look in his eyes to do the talking, knowing full well that small gestures spoke louder than tiresome obvious signs of displayed power. A common misconception in his line of business as well as Magnussen’s was that in order to be powerful, you had to project a certain image.
To summarize things, the whole situation naturally caught both me and Mycroft by shock and then despair when we realised the trap we were actually caught in.
, John thought but did not say.
Another hard smack across the other cheek and this time the nose somehow got involved with the blow and blood began to trickle down from one of the nostrils. Where his hand had landed on the first cheek, a swelling was already developing, beginning to create a magnificent bruise.
As the man who played his doctor for pretence sake had been pestering him at all hours throughout the day with different tasks, Sherlock didn’t bother turning around but merely sneered at him to go away.
“She’s been at that a stain all day but can’t seem to get rid of it. Don’t mind her, doctor,” Magnussen said without turning to look if John had looked at her.
John turned to look at Mycroft who stoically stood and pretended to not be affected by what Magnussen said. Or maybe he wasn’t pretending, it was always difficult to tell with Mycroft.
to be the one seeking my attention this evening before I read the name on the card properly. But wrong brother it seems.”
“I think you’ll end up in more trouble if you actually reject me ,” he replied airily as he made his way past her and began to head up the stairs where he remembered that the living room had been.
Without turning his attention to John Mycroft begins to speak, but his voice sounds distant, he is clearly lost in thought.
John made sure to fill in his reports more excessively from now on though by adding some details, like the nosebleed, the weight Sherlock claimed to currently have, how many cigarettes he smoked each day and so forth. The details he didn’t have he made up with the aid of Sherlock who willingly supplied him with the information he needed.
“This is a personal matter. If you don’t know the distinction between personal and professional, Mr Magnussen, I’m afraid I can’t help you grasp the situation any better. There is nudity in some of the photos I have, I’m not just going to ruin a person’s life without thinking it through first.”
He sighed internally.
Mycroft also helped me in preventing him from seeking me out and cause trouble.
“Anything to keep in mind before I meet with him?” John asked.
It felt extremely domineering but on the other hand, so did the idea that a family member and later a spouse was the one in charge of a person’s medical care when there was absolutely no need for it.
“How did that come about?”
,” Magnussen continued and the determination in his eyes was briefly replaced by a more shameless gaze and to Mycroft’s horror he actually ran his tongue over the upper row of his teeth in a display of innuendo so thinly-veiled it was practically screaming from the rooftops.
This explanation does nothing to calm John down.
With a scream of anguish that he scarcely recognised as his own voice, a name escaped his lips as his legs continued to run towards what awaited him by the end of the corridor, fearing that it was simply all too late.
“No, no, no. What did I say about just listening? Don’t force me to use this prematurely just because of your insubordination. “
Sherlock knew nothing about this new player, keenly awaiting to make any further assessments, but the man at least seemed to move in an area of crime more familiar to him than Magnussen’s petty offences. Sexual powerplays were beginning to take their toll on him, and he had clearly lost his footing regarding his latest stunt, despite taking all the precautions he had managed.
“Yes, quite. You have questions I would presume?”
John seized the opportunity to finish what he wanted to say.
“Like I said before, he was properly fit, not overly muscly but really firm and slender. Tall. He had this kind of unusual face with pronounced cheekbones and pouty lips, lashes any girl would envy and a set of really dark silky curls.”
It was difficult to say what kind of person Victor had been back then as John only knew him as he was now, but it was plausible that Sherlock had been blind to certain aspects of Victor’s personality on account of the happiness he had experienced and he must have done his very best to please his new-found friend by turning himself inside out in every effort to make him stay, never realising that it was the wrong thing to do.
Sherlock had stopped walking once again and this time he sighed, drawing a hand through his wind-swept curls as if bracing himself of what was to come.
this blows over. For your sake I hope it isn’t behind bars.”
Divide and conquer, as the saying went, and by turning Victor’s attention on Magnussen in order to get himself away from Victor’s focus, the aftermath of such a revelation would cause Magnussen an even bigger headache than what they were already planning to give him.
He isn’t normally a person who cares about the superficial qualities in others, but just like his brother’s intellect is dazzlingly sharp like a diamond, there is something about his appearance that appeals to Mycroft on a solely aesthetic level. So he indulges freely by taking in every specific detail of his younger brother’s form as he lies there unconscious on the bed.
The nervous-looking woman who opened the door had not been present the other night and had no idea who Sherlock was, so with a confused look in her eyes she began to explain that the master of the house was not at home and that she couldn’t let anyone in without his specific order to do so.
Mycroft sighed but otherwise remained stoically calm in the face of the furious man in front of him.
That was indeed the case, because after Victor’s unexpected, armed visit to John Watson’s barrack, followed by his impatient phone call to Mycroft this morning, the man’s patience was slowly beginning to snap. And whenever Victor’s patience came to an end, he turned to Magnussen in an effort for him to solve any deadlock. While doing so, he had revealed that Dr Watson was no longer working for the Holmes’s.
John gave him a stern look and whatever cockiness Sherlock had tried for, quickly withered away as he patted his hurt fingers with his other hand and looked utterly shocked by the physical reprimand.
“You’re a real wanker, anyone ever tell you that?” John couldn’t hide the smile that played on his lips when he said this, and Sherlock simply shrugged before turned his head back to face the wall.
Mycroft pulled a tired grimace.
Sherlock nodded in acknowledgement.
“But what about your contacts? Everything you had on that phone; it won’t be retrievable now.”
“Well, you certainly implied them!”
He had done what he could and now there was nothing to do but wait.
John’s eyes narrowed with doubt.
Another silence.
Well, can’t say much has changed on that score, John thought wryly but didn’t say.
He opened the door into the room with the tip of his umbrella, reluctant to touch things if not strictly necessary. He had harboured feelings of aversion towards hospitals ever since he had been young and a five-year-old Sherlock had been admitted on account of a severe case of meningitis. That had been the first time he had looked down upon his brother lying in a hospital bed and feared that he would never get out of it again.
If it ever even got to the point of being over of course...
“It’s not a twist of fate that decides what is meant to be. People make those decisions perfectly well on their own.”
The worst scenario would be if Sherlock decided to retaliate with one of those martial art moves he had spent his late teens cultivating when the boxing and the fencing hadn’t been enough to appease his endless energy levels.  Having a brother who knew how to fight in as many ways as he knew how to be annoying was a curse Mycroft often wished he could have been spared. It was not the Holmes family way to be so…
Before John had the chance to open his mouth and say something while his still sleepy eyes tried to focus on what was happening in front of him, Sherlock raised his index finger to his lips and made a silent shushing gesture before snaking his arm around John’s middle and then pressing a naked thigh against his lower back. With nimble fingers he made a quick process of gaining entrance inside the lining of the pyjama bottoms and found his way towards John’s soft penis, that had yet not fully woken up. Sherlock’s dexterous fingers made a short process of achieving a more alert result and while John’s brain still struggled with ridding himself of the last vestiges of sleep, other parts of him were quicker to jolt into action.
“I...must have fallen asleep?”
that pointing a weapon on another person is very much illegal.” John heatedly replied as he felt his tension return simultaneously as his anger rose.
“Victor, please....”
Meanwhile, Magnussen continued to taunt him.
Somewhere in the distance a bird cried out and the sound of its hollow shriek emphasized the quietness that stretched between them and that fact that they were standing outside in the dark in the middle of the night, John with bare feet in the grass, dressed in only his boxers and a worn T-shirt, Sherlock with the lake glimmering behind his back, black and ominous like a large bottomless crater of tar, it all made for a strange and gloomy background.
Someone like the mysterious guest his brother had been going on about ever since meeting him that night at Magnussen’s flat. The one Mycroft had determinedly turned off any interest in, for the sake of the more personal matter of Magnussen and the threat he presented.
Besides, he isn’t sure he would be able to face Mrs Hudson.
“You’re not going to kill Magnussen, so why do it to Victor?”
“Mycroft didn’t at first, I had to persuade him to go along with it and I kept telling him that I was going to find a way out of it. As I pointed out earlier, he wouldn’t last a day in a prison and even if he miraculous managed to do so, his life would be ruined once he got out. Everything he’s worked for, his reputation, his position, his power, it would all be gone. In the circles where he moves you can’t come back from what constitutes as treason. And I couldn’t have that on my conscience.”
“If we somehow manage to beat Magnussen, what are you planning to do with Victor?”
Mycroft groaned internally when hearing this.
Exactly like the one he had accidentally found out was hidden in the living room.
The other guests were scattered a little all over the house which consisted of three stories but as John didn’t know any of them and had not been greeted by anyone he paced from room to room, hoping to catch sight of Sherlock, or at least Mycroft so he had one familiar person to connect with.
“Sounds like a recipe for disaster…” John muttered and crossed his arms over his chest to keep himself warm. He had no idea how long he had been out here, first with Victor and now with Sherlock, but his limbs were beginning to feel the effect of being exposed to the chill outside. Wearing boxers and a T-shirt had clearly been a mistake and if he didn’t end up with a cold on account of it, he would be surprised.
“You didn’t seem too interested in what I had to offer and I’m not sure that I’m willing to bargain with what I have anymore. Perhaps this wasn’t meant to be. “
Even Anthea who cared nothing for neither Sherlock nor John Watson, had spotted it quickly enough and tutted her head disapprovingly. She thought the notion of love silly and a huge waste of both time and energy. Mycroft would readily agree with her, it caused nothing but ache and sorrow and was a constant distraction when a person could have spent his time more wisely on more important matters than pining for another human being.
“I don’t know what you issue with Magnussen is all about. He told me you like playing games and you did something to him just the other day which whetted his appetite as much as it annoyed him immensely. But his business with you is his own choice, I’m not getting in the middle of it as long as it has nothing to do with me.” His fingers circled the handle of the poker determinedly as if weighing it and its sturdiness. “But he is also a business partner of mine and I was told he sent a little gift of his own in that little delivery that was made to you. Something he said would assure your future pliancy. I don’t know what it was, but I know his methods well enough. Despite this, I don’t trust a rascal like you being turned off by the simple threat of blackmail. You seem far too full of yourself to listens to subtle cautions. I believe in a good old-fashioned warning. So here it comes: Stay out of my business. Don’t even attempt to pursue it any further or you’ll regret it. I’m nothing like our soft-spoken Danish friend with his more refined methods. I don’t want anything from you. I don’t have my mouth salivating at the sight of you. I don’t care who you’re related to or what you do with your life when you’re not trying to ensnare people with the promise of sexual gratification. The only thing I want is for you to stop hounding me, looking for ways to nestle yourself into my business.”
“Magnussen isn’t the type of person that is used to taking no for an answer. It’s easier for me to just change the number, that sort of message is far more effective. In the meantime...”
This was perhaps the biggest difference in his retelling of last night events.
But where his brother enjoyed the solitude of no one else interfering in his activities, Mycroft enjoyed the presence of mankind as pieces on a chess board, for him to move about as he pleased, creating intricate games that he was the only one clever enough to fully grasp.
He had instinctively reacted to her calling him by his professional title. He had not used it for a while now as he no longer practiced medicine and he was fairly sure that he had not mentioned being a doctor when getting hired, and yet her she was, addressing him the way he had been used to be addressed before his injury. It felt equally nice as well as suspicious, because where had she gotten that information from?
“There were rumours surrounding your relationship and I believe Mr Trevor was the most ardent believer of those rumours although he never could prove anything. Suffice to say, he was right for suspecting you to have ulterior motives for your visits?”
Then, with a swift snatch of his hands, he straightened the poker back into its former shape again, before throwing it back down on the floor.
job?”
John released his grip on the door handle and turned to face Magnussen, trying his best to still sound collected as he spoke.
“Exactly what you think it means.”
But no, the man in front of him is indeed Mycroft in a state of worry beyond the normal arduous situation he constantly finds himself in for different reason, mostly to do with his younger brother and the activities he partakes in, but also because running the country from the side-line is a tiresome task at the best of times.
“I unfortunately didn’t get the opportunity to look for any vault. He hardly let me out of his sight, it would simply not have been achievable. Mr Magnussen only had one thing on his mind once we got to his place and it was rather difficult to steer him in another direction when his hopes had been risen. But lucky for me, there was someone else waiting for him as we entered his flat.”
If they for some reason failed, there would be other plans, other ideas, it could not be the end surely? Not really?
***********
But as John is interrupted in the middle of his morning routine, shaving foam still covering the left part of his chin, the scent of shower gel lingering in the air, the mirror in front of him somewhat foggy from steam, he immediately knows that something is seriously wrong as the shape of the ominous older Holmes brother appears behind him with something that to an outsider might be considered a marginally dishevelled look but to a true connoisseur is the tell-tale sign of Mycroft Holmes in a never before seen look of distress.
John stepped up to his petulant friend and straightened the bow tie that Mycroft had acquired for Sherlock to wear for the evening, while letting his fingers gingerly caress the place where his carotid artery made itself known by pulsating in rapid movements just beneath his very soft skin. If Mycroft hadn’t been so invested in presenting his little brother like the succulent little tart they all knew he sometimes could be made to look like, and if time hadn’t been of such essence, John would have let his tongue travel along that delicious looking throat, nibble at the skin a little, perhaps even mark him with his teeth to create a dark bruise that would shine in stark contrast against the otherwise porcelain-coloured surface.
He turned his head towards Mycroft who looked as if he had swallowed a lemon and his smile increased even further.
Mycroft on the other hand had chosen not to listen too closely when Sherlock told him about Magnussen’s insistent  advances, he had only been interested in why Sherlock hadn’t succeeded with the task he had been given.
“Yes.”
As he also noticed the sleek black car waiting for him by the driveway he realised that if it truly was Caruthers who demanded his presence, John had sorely been mistaken about his personal taste. As far as he remembered, Caruthers had worn a non-descript, somewhat cheap suit with the smallest hint of dandruff across the shoulders, his comb-over gaining him an appearance made for ridicule and his office had boasted of nothing that even remotely resembled the luxury vehicle John now found parked in front of him. This was getting more interesting by the minute.
“A piece of advice, Doctor. You could be the making of my brother or make him worse than ever. I believe that choice is up to you, make the best of that ability.”
So when he heard a door open and then close, the voices disappearing, he took his chance and quickly made it down the stairs and then left through the front door, despite the risk of being seen through a window. He hoped Sherlock would be able to keep his fiancé occupied enough from looking out and after he had quietly pulled the front door shut behind him, he ran.
John should have realised that when on the trail of something, Sherlock never did let go and Magnussen wasn’t some lillywhite innocent with his hands clean and no hidden skeletons in his closet. Naturally Sherlock hadn’t just dropped the case. He had simply dropped those around him who would object to his methods.
But not just any button. It was pearly white with the remnants of a very particular aubergine thread in the middle and John knew this button very well, having spent several occasions undoing this very button, as well as other ones just like it, while removing the deep purple shirt it belonged to from Sherlock’s slight frame.
“Yes. His next visit will be on Thursday.”
Because how could they when not properly tended to?
Nonetheless he couldn’t help but ask his friend where he had been all day. Sherlock was still in his half-dressed state and John wondered where he could have spent his time looking like that. Hopefully he hadn’t met with Magnussen looking like he had just stepped out of bed and not bothered with dressing properly. That could easily have sent the wrong kind of signals.
A part of John felt very angry that the whole situation he had been put through on the night after Magnussen’s party had been nothing but a ploy, some idiotic scheme created to push him away in the most cruel way possible.
This morgnings behaviour was a somewhat tiresome side to Sherlock’s already difficult personality, this flare for being dramatic and throwing tantrums, a side that Mycroft had some trouble appreciating but had learned to handle at least fifty percent of the time. The other fifty percent of the time, he despaired and felt like he wanted to rip out what remained of his already thinning hair. It this was such a moment, depended solely on the development in the next couple of hours and what his brother decided to do next.
Without any hesitance he jammed it straight into the younger man’s thigh and then watched for signs of a reaction. Unfortunately none came, the man had slipped into unconsciousness completely now and he was probably in need of another shot but there had only been one Epi-Pen in the case.
“To a certain extent yes, my brother is undoubtedly very clever. But this....No, he won’t be able to escape. Most likely his abductor has had this planned for a while, it’s hardly a spur of the moment kind of thing and I have never known him to make a mistake.”
But if John was determined to keep things professional, Sherlock clearly had other ideas.
Previously, when they had been caught up in their illicit affair, Sherlock had been this fascinating figure seemingly beyond John’s reach, almost like a fantasy that could never turn real, constantly slipping through John’s fingers as he had no way of grasping what was hidden beneath the beautiful exterior.
And yet, it would be expected of Sherlock to at least seemingly offer the promise  of something sexual, that was the whole point of the plan after all.
He remembers that Lestrade had been in a rather elevated mood despite the total failure regarding the case. Or perhaps because of it. Better for it to have been an imposter than three actual victims. At least according to him.
Mycroft swallowed the barb, it wasn’t harsh enough to bother with retaliation. He found himself too mellow at the moment and he had other worries on his mind.
“You know Sherlock has been here, most likely still is, I could see it in your posture, how you suddenly grew stiff and stared at something on the floor, and then tensed your shoulders, as if considering your options. Up until that moment, your body language rather showed signs of you thinking that being here was a waste of your time. What was it that you saw?”
, John thought and wondered just how bitter he was going to pretend to be about it.
He had no idea what sort of dinner party this was going to be beyond that it was to celebrate the upcoming wedding of a couple soon to be married and assumingly that it was going to be a fancy event, but just how fancy or what the dictated dress code for the evening was, went beyond his knowledge.
But he was probably so used to getting his way, without any regard to decency, so the situation was most likely not as uncomfortable for him as it would have been for anyone normal, who didn’t show up at other people’s houses, demanding entrance like it was a the most natural thing in the world.
Then it hit him, as perplexing as it was, that Magnussen might perhaps not go for the power and influence Mycroft was in possession of, but instead something more personal.
********
“I know a few of you thought our host’s words about Sherlock being my white whale was a peculiar way of describing our situation, but the truth of the matter is that he wasn’t too far off the truth with those words. I’ve known Sherlock for many years now, ever since I met him at University when he was still just a teenager and my dog unfortunately decided to take a bite out of his ankle, creating a very bad start to a friendship that would soon blossom into something even better. The truth of the matter is that I’ve loved him ever since that day, dog bites, tetanys shots and visits to the hospital withstanding, but the timing was not in our favour back then and as I’m sure those who know him can attest, Sherlock Holmes isn’t easily tied down, so circumstances unfortunately separated us for a while. But as Mr Magnussen so accurately pointed out, I’m a man with a lot of patience and tenacity when it comes to getting what I want, so over time and with some considerable effort I managed to win him back and make him accept my proposal.”
Another odd thing that he never received a satisfying answer to, was why they could fuck in every bloody room of the house except for Sherlock’s bedroom. But whenever he raised the question Sherlock always managed to divert him, once even claiming that having sex in a bedroom was too pedestrian when there were so many other more interesting options to choose from.
“Remember when he told Rudd his whole life story after no more than a second of staring at him. Still don’t know how he pulled that off.”
Trying to shake these morose ideas from his head, as they were doing nothing to aid his current predicament, he felt a wave of nausea hitting him and realised that any sudden head movements were not advisable at the moment.
There was a flicker of light coming from a room to their left and as Dr Roylott was still standing behind him by the front door, unmoving, Sherlock drew the conclusion himself and turned towards the invitingly open door where the light was coming from.
Something needed to change or what they had would simple turn ugly and full of resentment in the end.
As he walked through the house towards the exit he assumed Mycroft was somewhere in one of the many rooms he passed by, but he didn’t come out to talk to him and John did not go searching for him either.
“Threats are all fine and good when you have no opposition to really consider. But I for one am not easily intimidated, neither by displays of physical strength or the menace of words. Your speech was quite funny when it comes to entertainment value, I was thoroughly amused. But regarding my continuing pursuit of whatever interest I take in your affairs, it has made no effect.  Kudos for effort though.”
“But it’s obvious you did and quite soundly by the rumpled look of your hair and pyjamas, until you woke up rather abruptly. Still afraid of thunder and lightning after all these years, Mycroft?”
As he pulled back once more, he looked at Sherlock staring at him, disbelief still evident in his eyes as if not fully grasping that John was actually ready to throw himself head first into whatever danger lay ahead of them.
likes to nag about it, not that you should start to do so as well. I don’t eat because digestion slows me down and food is.....well, boring. And I smoke because I have nothing else that can create any sort of high without containing an illicit substance and I’m sure both you and my brother can agree that nicotine is preferable to cocaine on any day.”
“.......I needed to see you...........Mycroft said your doctor would be coming today.........I sincerely hope you had more clothes on while he was here, darling..........”
Luckily he seems easily persuaded to continue talking at least.
“Yeah? Well I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
Considering how distorted that face had been earlier, full of ramping rage, it was surprising that the man knew how to look serene, but assumingly he was satisfied with his accomplishments and relished the feeling.
“Nice to hear that I’m so easily replaceable.....” his mind immediately catching on to the picture of Mycroft snapping his fingers to produce a new doctor, someone more willing to do his bidding. Maybe someone more willing to look through his fingers about other things as well.
“We wanted to keep your resignation a secret for a little while longer. When he asked Mycroft why you weren’t at the house, tending for me, Mycroft came up with some sort of desperate lie to prevent further questioning.”
Whenever he next clapped his eyes on Sherlock, he would give him a thorough scolding and do everything in his power to solve the Magnussen dilemma as quickly as possible before something truly damaging occurred.
“Hardly. But he is confined to bed. He won’t be joining us if that’s what worrying you.”
If not so worried about said brother, he would hardly have done any of this to begin with.
One wrong move and the threat of disgrace was imminent if you got caught.
“Goodbye, Mr Holmes. “
But as this was about setting a trap, of course he was going to feign interest in Magnussen’s arrangement now, however reluctant he felt about meeting the man, feeling an actual shudder run down his spine at the thought of facing him again.
It was in Sherlock's DNA to act recklessly and it would most likely be the cause of his downfall one day. Mycroft could only  hope that the day wouldn’t be just yet.
Even if it pleased Mycroft to see him rise from his chair to join him downstairs, victory did not taste as sweet as it should tonight.
As he opened the door that led out to a courtyard where the toilets were located he suddenly heard a wheezing sound and looked around in bewilderment, trying to locate the source but did not manage to see anything out of the ordinary.
When he picked it up, he noticed that the screen blinked with an incoming message that must have come when he had been in the library.
Cunning and mean-spirited but sometimes dumb as a doorknob, never fully comprehending at what level this game was being conducted. He thought everything had to do with Sherlock and wasn’t interested in anything else. But those missile plans had been about so much more.
And realising the truthfulness in such a statement, there really wasn’t anything more for Mycroft to do about this situation right now, beyond swallowing this bitter pill and get on with the evening, hopefully locate Sherlock within a reasonable timeframe and then count the losses afterwards.
Mycroft had secretly always wished that his brother would join him in his own chosen path of strategic politics and diplomacy, but had eventually realised that Sherlock had no interest whatsoever in that line of work. So, eventually he has accepted the situation for what it was and also realised that he couldn’t control how Sherlock spent his time and what he wanted to do for a living, even if it didn’t mean that he liked it.
Considering everything they had been through that fatal night at Stoke Moran and the deadly pale features presented to John when being brought to the hospital where Sherlock had been treated, with Mycroft silently sitting vigil by his bedside, he had suspected that the older Holmes bother would never again let Sherlock out of his sight. He himself was never going to do it, that much was certain.
Sherlock went silent for a second and John waited for the expected vehement denial or at least some sort of explanation, but it never came. Instead Sherlock began twisting again, trying to spring free from John’s strong hold.
“And don’t they make a beautiful pattern on that delicate pale skin of yours, bruises in black, purple and yellow. So very very lovely....”
He then turned his head to look at the other man over his shoulder for a second.
John turned to look at Victor who had slid down on the floor by now, his head buried in his hands while moaning something undistinguishable to himself. The gun was lying discarded next to him on the floor.
Mycroft swivelled to face his brother, anger in his voice as well now.
He wasn’t sure if the company was appreciated or not.
He had been shot while in the middle of some unsavoury act with the other motionless body in the room, Sherlock who was positioned just as John had seen him earlier, but now with his eyes closed, as if merely asleep.
So, foregoing his usually good manners, he tried elbowing his way forward and he received more than a few irritated glares from people in the crowd that wondered what his rudeness was all about.
John made a grab for it, too eagerly, and he naturally missed as Sherlock quickly pulled it out of reach.
Magnussen was the first to get out and he ascended the steps to greet the doctor before he turned around and made a vague gesture towards John and Mycroft.
A visit from him normally involved some sort of reprimand but John hadn’t met with the man since Victor’s visit and as far as he could recall he had done nothing to deserve a warning.
He wasn’t sure anymore but nodded all the same and turned around to follow the other man back inside. Without having to ask he knew there would be a black car waiting for him at the front.
“Yes, I appreciate the anger when presented with this scenario, believe me, I’m hardly pleased with him myself. But the pressing matter at the moment is to find out where he is. Once that is accomplished you can decide to have a few chosen words between the two of you.”
But men like Magnussen were like dormant reptiles, hiding in the grass, seemingly harmless at first sight but ready to strike at any given moment and Mycroft knew enough to realise he had no time to spare waiting for the next move.
“....I miss you, John,” they finally came, the voice strangely small and pitiful for a man with a personality that usually was larger than life.
Mycroft actually seemed taken aback by this, but at least he had dropped his suspicious questioning momentarily. A surprised Mycroft was infinitely better than a Mycroft full of misgivings and reasons to worry. Taking advantage of his brother's lapse of control, Sherlock swiftly reached for the doorknob once more and threw the door open with full force.
Mycroft who had arrived shortly after John’s discovery of the room where Sherlock was kept, was pale as sheet when looking down on his little brother’s lifeless body, and at first unable to utter a single word, as if frozen from shock.
“No, I don’t think I have actually. I would like to have a moment alone with your brother despite his somewhat listless state. Don’t worry, I won’t subject him to what I usually put him through, I like my participants to be a little more lively than what I imagine he is capable of at the moment. It is a pity though, I was so looking forward to enjoying him rather shortly. Do you think this state will last much longer?”
Mycroft impatiently sighed as if it was all very obvious, and in that moment he was so similar to Sherlock that it made John wonder who had perfected the art of looking like the only one superior in a room consisting of imbeciles to begin with.
As he had gotten this information off his chest he took a deep breath before he finally decided to turn around and face the dark shadow that still stood pointing his gun at him but clearly had lost the will to actively use it as a way of intimidation.
“This brand costs close to 1500 pounds á ml and has quite a rich and delicious flavour for something so rare and hard to come by. It is the equivalent of that very special person that can cost a fortune and be a hardship to obtain but who turns out to be so satisfying to taste when the opportunity arises that it is worth everything you paid for it.”
“She’s being trying to force me on this new diet lately, all plant-based food. I know I should probably drop a couple of pounds, but I bloody hate it. I could kill for a couple of beers and a piece of that delicious pork pie they serve at the pub.”
Naturally Dr Watson had been unable to keep quiet for long once Magnussen had dropped a remark about Sherlock and his mischievous antics.
“I realise that this evening has been one shock after another for you. It hasn’t been particularly pleasant for me either. But our main focus right now is to locate my brother and do as much damage control as we possible can. Whatever you choose to do afterwards is your own business, I’m not getting involved in any of it. But right now, all I want is for us to find him before he does anything even more idiotic. If that’s even possible anymore. “
Heat pooled through his abdomen down to his groin at the sight of Sherlock and a part of John wanted to cradle the younger man’s face and declare how much he actually loved him, that he wanted him to be John’s forever and always.
“I don’t recall, someone just mentioned him, I guess.”
As he stepped up, he quietly brazed himself for whatever awaited him behind the ordinary looking facade.
“When I spoke to Victor earlier he was clearly taken by surprise when I told him about my resignation. Why had he not been informed earlier? Would that not have prevented him from coming after me tonight?”
At the time John had thought that it had been because of him being in there, shaving, but Mycroft usually never bothers with John, never seeks out his opinion or company, never cares for his presence.
His naked skin prickled from a draft coming down the hall and he managed to supress a shiver.
Pictures? Really, Sherlock?
Finally John lost the last vestiges of shock that had kept him more or less in an astonished inability to act, now responding by forcefully punching the door with his fist, reaching for the handle to throw the door open and stop Magnussen from whatever his intentions were.
“Just insurance, if he ever decides to meddle in our affairs again. With access to his vault we got what we came for and those missile plans are now back where they belong. We also found some additional interesting material that he has been using against others, naturally we confiscated those as well. He now has nothing on anyone as far as we know. The compromising photos are my way of making sure that he will be staying as far away as possible from myself as well as of my brother. Those and some other chosen data that we managed to confiscate from that vault of his…”
“He didn’t introduce himself so I don’t have a name, but they appeared to be in some sort of business arrangement together and just to clarify my interest in him, it wasn’t the kind of business Magnussen runs officially. The man was very irritated over the fact that Magnussen had kept him waiting for so long, so irritated in fact that he didn’t bother to hide his annoyance despite my presence. He caused quite a scene and started waiving his hands about like some overindulged drama queen. At first I thought that he sounded rather ridiculous, but there was something in what he said that actually piqued my interest...”
He seldom saw Stamford as he worked in a high-security area of the facility where you needed clearance to enter and John’s zone was separated from the actual lab by plenty of surveillance and locked doors that could only be entered with personalized key cards. But despite this, he thrived and began to consider this place to be the closest thing to a home he had had for a long time.
All he could do was to ensure the doctor that he would get in contact with his brother straight away and inform him of the latest development.
“So it seems. Any suggestions on how to spend that time wisely?”
Then he realised that Mycroft, by using the very noticeable aid of a wailing ambulance to arrive at the house at such an early hour of the morning so that no one would be able to miss it, had created the perfect fodder for gossip that he had then allowed to spread from his own household staff to those working at the facility, making sure that John would be updated simply by being in close proximity to the people who allowed this piece of information to run like wildfire amongst them.
“Go in there and get undressed. Then prepare yourself for a lengthy lesson in obedience by presenting your arse to me to do as I wish with. When we are done you will be feeling the effects of my lecture for days, Sherlock.
But then he rejected this idea as just being wishful thinking as Sherlock rarely bothered with showing others any particular concern, not even when that other person was John. He would have woken him up to tell him about his evening, however deeply asleep John might have been.
“Ah, the ever-present Dr Watson,,,,,, of course he wouldn’t miss an opportunity to offer his talents if needed.”
Working their way through the different rooms of the house proved to be an entertaining idea and the day when John actually had Sherlock bent over Mycroft’s mahogany desk inside the Bond villain lair was particularly tantalising even if John had been hesitant at first. But naturally Sherlock had been his persuasive self as was his particular forte, getting people to do what he wanted, and John’s resolve had crumbled easily.
Just as he heard movements downstairs from the front door being opened and the sound of firm steps walking inside, he realised why the angle of the photo was so detailed and close up, perfectly capturing his own facial features as well as the undone button with such clarity.
Sherlock snorted incredulously.
Sherlock snorted at this but Mycroft tugged his wrist so he was forced to take a step forward by following the involuntary movement and their faces came close to one another.
Sherlock went quiet for a second, contemplating this. Then shook his head.
“I’ll come to pick you up tomorrow morning. You will meet with your new doctor at nine. And do try to be grateful for his services, he seems like a sensible man. I’m certain you were too busy with your wasp sting to notice but if you give him some time I’m sure you can manage to tolerate his visits for the remaining months to come. Good night little brother, and do try to actually get some sleep tonight. We wouldn’t want his first assignment to be catching you as you faint from fatigue.”
Showtime apparently.
It had annoyed him that he had no way of knowing how it had all gone down until Mycroft had made the call to inform him that their plan was apparently going to unfold tonight.
As he opened his eyes again, jus to make sure that he still could and hadn’t passed on to a more permanently comatose state, he, to his huge surprise saw John suddenly standing over him, worry across his features.
Mycroft let out a dry, sardonic laugh.
And the logical thing for me would have been to allow this to run its course for as long as it was needed and then move on. What I didn’t expect to happen was for me to form some sort of attachment to you, to start longing for your visits, to enjoy what we had and take more pleasure than what was strictly necessary from our sexual encounters but also from our shared time together when not engaging in anything physical. What I also didn’t expect when it all came crashing down, was that I was going to miss you and realise that I had made a mistake the second you walked out of the door.
He did not want to complicate things further by professing these unbidden emotions that the other man very likely was not going to reciprocate. And at the same time a voice inside of him whispered that maybe, just maybe, Sherlock felt the same way. And one day, soon hopefully, he was going to put that theory to the test.
Sherlock turned silent for a moment, allowing those words to sink in, looking deeply into John’s eyes before he continued.
A small smile spread across the other man’s features, but instead of improving a rather gaunt face it just made him look even more disconcerting with that grin, showing a small glimmer of teeth between very thin lips.
Mycroft was pretty sure a monetary transaction would not suffice in his case.
“Forgive me, I should introduce myself. My name is Victor Trevor. Engaged to be married to your patient, Sherlock Holmes. I thought it was time we finally met. As I said, I have been hearing much of your work and as I missed your appointment with Sherlock earlier today I decided to stop by and meet the man who has been in charge of caring for the most important person in my life.”
Most people would make sure to do the obligatory round of introductions but Mycroft wasn’t interested in showing off his brother like a prizewinning pet, not to this lot, with questions being asked and speculations being made. Sherlock would have detested that sort of treatment anyway.
“You won’t be able to get any fresh air through those, they’re firmly sealed. Another safety precaution, but not mine but my brother’s.”
With rising horror John wondered how Sherlock could stand to be with such a man and he turned his eyes away from Victor’s possessive kiss to look at his patient come lover, still seated like a statue in his chair.
“I received a call this morning informing me that my brother had gone missing. Not completely unusual, as you very well know, so even if it annoyed me, I wasn’t particularly worried at first. The people in charge were not very forthcoming about details but it was implied that some time had passed between his disappearance and them reporting about it to me, a clear sign that they were accustomed to him disappearing off the radar occasionally as well. In an effort to get to the bottom of this, I reached out to the head of surveillance, Mr Jeremy Marcus, to suss out the situation, knowing that if anyone would have some answers, it would be him. But despite many efforts to reach him, no one was able to, and forty minutes after the initial phone call, I received another one, informing me that Mr Marcus was missing as well.”
John weighed the riding crop in his hand before he allowed it to cut the air between them with a swishing sound. He liked the way the movement made Sherlock’s eyes follow his hand like a mesmerised cat.
“Maybe we should send for him? Force him to explain things himself?” Magnussen continued, when Mycroft remained quiet. “Although I would prefer to have him to myself, if you excuse my bluntness. He has shown proof of such remarkable intuition when last I saw him, and I am eager to see how far he would be willing to go down the path he has already paved for himself.”
A part of him still loved him for some unfathomable reason and those feelings didn’t just fade despite Sherlock’s horrible behaviour. They had shared some really intimate not to mention passionate moments, the best John had ever experienced and it wasn’t easy to forget those when evening came and it was time to go to bed and he was left lying awake in his bed, staring out into the darkness with his head swarming with memories.
He rushed over and as he pushed one of the dumpsters to the side, the body of a young man was revealed, gasping for air, eyes rolled back and clearly suffering from a seizure of some sort.
Sherlock played with a piece of salmon on his plate without actually eating anything and didn’t look at his brother as he spoke.
“I’m sorry to hear that you have taken a page out of Mycroft’s book and decided that I’m not successful at what I do. Just because I don’t do everything my brother tells me to do, it doesn’t mean that I don’t know what I’m doing. In fact, I’m pretty sure that an invitation to Appledore is very imminent and I hardly need to tell you, Mycroft, that such an invitation increases my chances of finding that vault of yours considerably.”
“Mm, yes, the
“And who might you be? I don’t think we have met before, Mr...?” Magnussen said and extended one of those damp hands of his that was notoriously unpleasant to squeeze in greeting, an experience Mycroft had been exposed to on more occasions than he wished to remember.
Sherlock swallowed noticeably but did as he was told.
The state of the place did not seem to concern Sherlock though, who came up from behind as John entered through the front door and snaked his arm around John’s waist while pressing his lips to his neck, taking the time to tease the sensitive skin by swirling his tongue in that familiar way that sent a tingling sensation straight to John’s groin and made him go weak at the knees.
“Until next time, Sherlock.”
With a sigh he walked back downstairs to finish his shift.
Well, John wasn’t having it.
So for his own sake, Mycroft hoped that John had not tried to go down the road of trying to forbid Sherlock from seeing Magnussen again out of some silly jealousy, as it would only blow up in his own face if he tried something like that.
The room itself was very bleak and spartan, consisting mostly of a large mahogany desk, not unlike the material of the door, a computer on one side and a globe in black and chrome on the other, a painting of the Queen in her younger years, dressed in royal regalia on the wall behind and then a simple chair in front of the desk, most likely put there to make any visitor feel inferior.
“You can walk if you want to. I’m taking the car,” Magnussen replied coolly without looking at him.  Instead he turned to Mycroft who was standing a little on the side now.
“And yet those are the regulations of this arrangement. If it’s any consolation it is only for a limited amount of time and no one will ever hear of it afterwards. The wedding is soon upon us and you can then move on to other things. The arrangement can of course also be terminated by both parties if one of us find that we are not satisfied with the result, and you will also be able to keep your current employment if things don’t work out. The advantages are in your favour, not mine and yet I feel confident that my brother will be in capable hands if you decide to accept my offer and that means more to me than weighing the pros versus the cons.”
John looked at him, searching for a hint of trickery in what little he could discern of his shrouded features but realised that there was no way he would be able to tell if Sherlock was lying, simply by looking for clues. Sherlock needed to talk and not until John had heard what he had to say would he be able to make a decision on what to do next.
“So your suggestion is to continue to pimp me out to him instead, with you holding the reins?”
“Fine,” he concluded through gritted teeth.
Eventually Sherlock will be allowed to roam more freely, leave this confinement and be let out. The story of him suffering from some sort of illness will not be enough to hold him in Mycroft’s clutches forever.
Instead it was John who decided to break the silence first.
Yet he could still picture John’s face and it looked positively ill despite the fact that the real John had no idea what Sherlock was up to. Maybe Sherlock had actually developed a conscience somewhere along the line despite his claims of the opposite?
Even before their epic showdown Sherlock did not have the consideration of arranging for practicalities. In his world things like cars, cups of tea and clean underwear just magically happened without any involvement from him, so the fact that a car had always picked John up in the mornings was probably irrelevant to him.
“And as I explained, I can hardly help you with that.”
***********
“I actually thought I had found Mr Right about six months ago. Had the whole package – the looks, the manners, the fit body, had this really sexy, deep voice that just made my body tingle, if you know what I mean. And came from money as well. You could tell from the way he spoke that he must have gone to one of those expensive private schools, he knew how to carry himself properly. Unlike most other men I’ve dated.”
“I took the documents that I knew had kept him occupied for the past couple weeks. I knew exactly which ones to take as I had seen glimpses of them on his desk while visiting his office for one of my “lectures.” He never realised that he should have been careful around me as well, the way he was with other people. He never truly trusted me again after this.”
Like the constant lack of milk in the house and who needed it for what purpose, the “clutter” as John chose to referr to Sherlock’s very important things that was lying about all over the flat, the rules of what to preserve in the fridge and how such things should be labelled when considered unhygienic or even straight out hazardous, John’s insistence of watching every stupid show ever made on the telly when he could be listening to Sherlock talk, practise the violin  or simply sitting there, waiting for a case, keeping Sherlock company in silence, suffering through the boredom of the lack of work to do.
Eventually, after over an hour of driving, they turned away from the larger roads and began to descend into true provincial territory, actual trees and fields swishing by in the darkness, the glimmer of light from buildings disappearing in the background.
But the idea that the man would try something more intimate with Sherlock was admittedly not a pleasing thought and if needed, Mycroft might have to intervene if he saw signs of that happening. Better him than John anyway.
John hesitated but then nodded.
“22,” he concluded. “He’s very eager.”
“So I was informed. But I came here with the intention to see if things could perhaps be salvageable between yourself and my brother, despite your message. It would be quite a nuisance to start looking for a new physician this close to the wedding, especially someone he wouldn’t immediately chew up and spit out at the very first sight.”
“What?! Lunch? Why does he want that?” John disrupted, his voice with a hint of suspicion in it now.
In the beginning Sherlock had even put his seductive skills to use in an effort to persuade Magnussen into giving the missile plans back, but it had ended with humiliation, Magnussen laughing in his face as he had petted those black curls while whispering that anything Sherlock had to offer, he could get for free anyway and the opportunity to own Mycroft was too good to give up.
John cast her a quick glance, furrowing his brown. What age was she talking about? She was hardly considered a woman past her prime.
A second later he felt a pair of arms snaking their way around his abdomen and after a moment’s hesitation he leaned into the embrace.
“Excellent. I can send a car to collect you Saturday night at eight that will take you to your destination.”
Dr Roylott quickly walked over to the window and closed it firmly. He knew better than to run any risks by keeping it open longer than necessary.
As the unexpected sight had caught him off guard, while at the same time trying to escape a forthcoming attack from his host, his brain had not immediately registered what it was he had seen.
With the exception of that first night at Angelo’s when he had shut down any dating aspirations quite directly, he had never touched on the subject again, thinking that it wasn’t a matter of relevance.
A flame of jealous anger burned intensely inside John now but despite the feeling that he was about to choke on his pent-up rage, he did his very best to remain calm and collected.
Then, suddenly he heard the door behind him open and without even turning to face whoever was approaching he barked out the order to fetch him a medical kit as quickly as possible, silently praying that he would find whatever he needed in there.
So instead he barges upstairs, packs a duffel bag with some fresh clothes and his computer as well as a toothbrush and his gun. By now, if he ever manages to catch that bastard Jeremy Marcus, John won’t be averse to putting a bullet between his eyes if it comes to it, he feels at the end of his wits and the uncertainty of Sherlock’s fate has been eating away at his resolve. He weighs the gun in his hand before packing it and then leaves again, managing to avoid Mrs Hudson and her endless questions.
Sherlock sighed.
This new weakened state frightened him more than anything else, because it reminded him of how utterly hopeless the whole situation actually was.
“As much as I detest the idea of being confronted by Magnussen at this early hour and under such horrible circumstances, there is still nothing I can do to prevent you if that is really what you intend to do, even if I highly doubt Mr Magnussen’s willingness to be used as some sort of weapon to be whipped out whenever convenient. At the end of the day, it still won’t get you access to Sherlock. Do you really think I would be here if I was allowed to be by his side?”
It looked frightened and it made him uncomfortable. In his eyes the shadowy figure represented some unknown threat and he had difficulty seeing any beauty in it beyond perhaps the depiction of the naked man’s body that was well-defined and slender. But the horror in the young man’s features made it impossible for John to view it as anything beyond uneasy to watch.
“I’ll allow Mycroft to deal with him I suppose,” he said, almost more like an afterthought than a proper reply.
Before Mycroft managed to open his mouth, John had grabbed him by his arms and with a wild stare looked him straight in the eye.
John looked at it while he took a sip of his drink, wondering what sort of message this painting was trying to convey when a soft smooth voice suddenly startled him from his thoughts.
Not even once had he allowed his thoughts to linger on what really happened that night, reality soaked in blood with Sherlock staring back at him with unseeing eyes, a trail of crimson trickling down his face from a wound straight through his forehead, Magnussen by his feet, motionless as well, the villain slain but at the cost of the hero.
Making sure that his facial features settle for the mask he is accustomed to wear when playing the part of government official, he heads out of the room, determined to be back within two hours.
“Mycroft might have offered you this piece of advice but as he is even more emotionally constipated when it comes to human interaction than you are, let me tell you that this is not the way to go about it, first trying to loosen me up by offering sex, then pulling the rug from beneath my feet with some piece of information that you have kept from me, thinking the blow will not be as bad if I’m still affected by endorphins.”
“Mycroft said I would probably need it.”
A forlorn smile played on his lips as he stared at the empty window.
And considering how very rudely John had thrown him out mere hours ago, Sherlock’s brother was hardly going to eagerly extend any helping hands at the moment.
“I’m told you’re apparently eager to make my acquaintance. I merely decided to shorten the process and cut straight to the chase. I have also been informed that you’re a real nuisance, and know-it-all, putting your nose into other people’s business, whether it’s appreciated or not. “
“And you feel it necessary to point a gun at me while doing so?”
“What you do to me, Sherlock...” he gasped brokenly, his breathing heavy and his eyes glazed, “it’s going to be the death of me one day....”
“If I didn’t visit him at all. Yes, you already told me. But as I’m sure you haven’t forgotten, as long as the missile plans are in my possession, so is your brother. And sick or not, I actually insist on seeing him. I certainly wouldn’t want to believe that either of you would try to deceive me, but to ease my concern, I would want to make sure that he is as indisposed as you tell me. And that he is well taken care of by a professional.”
But he was still unable to see the whole picture clearly.
. Tell them that there is monetary profit to be had if they simply cooperate and answer some of our questions.”
“Yeah, about that. What the hell happened? I heard gunshots and then…Well, when I examined the bodies, they were asleep!”
It wasn’t a straight-out apology but some sort of olive branch at least and John accepted it for what it was. They hardly knew each other anyway, he had no idea what kind of feelings, if any, Sherlock might be suffering from at the moment, but it did seem reasonable to assume that some sort of regret lingered as an afterthought even if a small part of John hoped that Sherlock’s relationship perhaps wasn’t as solid if he so eagerly jumped in the sack with another man at the first opportunity that presented itself.
But there had also been instances when he had not been caught but he had left little greetings in his wake instead, like a spray-painted smiley face on an impossibly high ledge in the ceiling or a complicated computer virus that had played the canny sound of someone laughing before the whole computer system had crashed down.
John is off chasing an enigma he will never be able to catch because that person doesn’t exist, and Mycroft has managed what he set out to accomplish when hatching this plan to begin with.
“We’re not done talking about this, Sherlock. When you and Dr Watson are finished, I expect you in my office with a good explanation of yesterday’s events. And do not even consider not showing up, you know I have methods of obtaining you if you defy my orders.”
“Depending on what your willing to tell me, even an insignificant piece of information could be useful for a man in my position. I deal with men like Mycroft Holmes on a daily basis and the only way to ever get the upper hand on people like that is if you have some sort of leverage over them, otherwise this country is built like a highly exclusive boys club where anyone from the outside has no chance of ever being invited to sit at their table. And from what I gathered over the phone, you’re not a fan of the Holmes brother’s anymore, so what difference would it make to you why I want your information?”
He was aware of the risk of getting too attached the more time they spent in each other’s company but as they never spoke of Sherlock’s fiancé or the impending wedding it was easy to forget the reason why he couldn’t have this forever.
So he had penned down a small letter, in succinct words, informing the other man what Magnussen had been up to and directing his attention to Mycroft’s surveillance as proof of the validity of his words.
Mycroft ignored the needling and took his time drinking from his water bottle before he replied.
did with Magnussen when you met him today:”
He had no true desire to spend any more time than strictly necessary with a man like Magnussen, and to cause a scene like this, more or less bursting into private gathering of people, was not within his comfort zone at all.
But the rational part of John’s brain that still insisted on functioning sensibly croaked with some cautionary advice that he was in no mood to hear but still was unable to completely ignore.
But then there was also a more sensible part of him, the middleman who dealt with common sense and reason, who raised a few burning questions that couldn’t be ignored, however tempting it was to just yield into whatever Sherlock was offering him.
“And it did! I don’t like people snooping into my affairs. But he is insignificant, your brother. Annoying? Yes. A threat? No. And as you can very well see, he isn’t here. It’s just me here. As it usually is. “
“We did, but I think the point missed its mark that time,” he said instead.
When mentioning this observation there was a surprised silence on the other end.
Mycroft noticed the door to the library silently fall open and expected to see his brother appear in the doorway. It was only Sherlock other than himself who were ever still awake at this late hour, and even Mycroft was usually in bed by now, but certain work-related events had kept him glued to the computer screen far longer than he had anticipated.
“The medical bag you have stored away in Hounslow?”
The hint of relief made the brooding features dissipate from Magnussen’s eyes, returning to their usual cool indifference once more.
“We are about to strike up a deal, you and I, and that is what we shall do shortly enough. But first, there is a little matter I need to attend to. The schedule of a man in my position never allows for any pauses, you see. Please feel free to join me, it will be very brief and then we can get down to business.”
A second of hesitance before continuing.  Cleary something he didn’t want to fully confess to.
There was a dryness to his mouth and as he regained consciousness enough to become aware of his body and his surroundings again he felt a familiar bitter taste on his tongue and realisation hit him hard.
The cold glimmer in the other man’s eyes told him that no introductions were forthcoming though and the only thing he did once John had reached his destination in front of the desk, standing as straight as he could, hands clasped behind his back as in front of a military inspection, was to nod in the direction of the chair and say:
The sight of the stark red against the deadly pallor of Sherlock’s skin somehow got through to John’s angered haze and he stepped back to prevent himself from going any further.
“Well. We’ll just have to wait and see, don’t we?”
Mycroft rose from his chair to give himself some ample space to pace the room. He didn’t like the tone his brother had employed at the moment. Despite thinking that he was some sort of expert in the art of fraud and deceit, he had no idea what Magnussen was actually capable of.
John realised that the moment of trying to deduce anything further was sadly gone, he didn’t see the significance of his discovery, in the end it was only a fire poker with a slightly strange form leaning against the wall, it was hardly the strangest thing in the room, or even particularly strange at all.
When he woke, it was dark in the room and at first he didn’t know what it was that had woken him up.
Despite both men knowing who the other was and assumingly what sort of relation Sherlock had to each man, they had up until then pretended to be ignorant of the subject, just stewing in quiet resentment towards each other. But once that first seemingly off-hand remark by Magnussen had ignited the first spark, John was more than willing to fuel the fire even more by lashing out.
Mycroft froze where he stood, despite his best effort not to let it show, a cold grip forming around his heart.
“What else?” he finally asked after what felt like an eternity.
Sherlock’s smile grew wider and there was a twinkle in his eye now.
Then he grabbed the riding crop firmly in his hand, a jolt of excitement running through his eager body as he marched towards Sherlock’s bedroom and the hopefully repentant person who waited for him in there.
When he had finished reading the medical journal he wrote down a small summarization of his examination and then sent it by delivery to the address he had been given. There was a phone number as well but he wasn’t sure if he was ready for another conversation with Mycroft after today’s events, a few written words had to suffice for now. He kept it all to a minimum and did not include any verbal exchanges that had been made between them.
Sherlock had most likely not given the nature of his actions so much as a second thought, how they would impact what he and John had in the long run. Sherlock always considered his methods justified if they helped him solve a case. But this, all of it, had been taken too far and John knew that if Sherlock didn’t realise it himself, John would force him to understand or the thing they had between them could no longer go on, however much that thought pained him.
It could open up opportunities for him to gain even more leverage if he handled this well.
Many hours left before this was over.
He had never been this duped in his entire life and it smarted to realise how easily it had been done. Take a lonely desperate man craving for affection, put stars in his eyes by giving him exactly what he wants and off he went, no wonder Sherlock was so surprised by how easily it had all gone down.
Well he has his gun with him after all....
And when I realised that you actually were not coming back, I knew I had to do something, despite going against every logical instinct that should have prevented me from seeking you out.
To him, this was more like a game than a matter of national importance. If playing too hazardously, who knew what  consequences there could be?
Sherlock stretched his body, exposing his naked backside for a moment and it was difficult to tell if he was trying to cause a diversion for John’s mounting annoyance or if he truly didn’t realise why going to lunch with another man would annoy his lover.
No, it was better to wait and deal with the situation when and if it arose.
Because despite all of Sherlock’s pretty words of being uninterested in anything to do with love and emotions, Mycroft also knows that John Watson isn’t like those others who have tried their luck in the past with his brother.
“He doesn’t exactly strike me as the romantic type of man at all. More sexual predator than sensual lover if I’m honest. That car ride was all about spurning his advances by the way, I'll have to thank Mycroft for that later. He should consider pimping me out to a less sex-driven individual next time. When we finally reached Magnussen’s flat, I had been forced to endure far more than my brother’s suggested peck on the cheek. Luckily for me, things got more interesting when we entered the building.”
“Well, erm, no....” Mycroft began, very aware of the spectator following their every movement from the anonymity behind the tinted windows of the car. “Perhaps we should go inside for a minute...?”
Victor gave him a one-sided knowing smile that raised John’s hackles at the sight of it .
“As good as.”
Because wasn’t it rather strange the way this had all so suddenly unravelled into this unexpected aftermath from a sexual encounter John had certainly fantasized about but never, even in his wildest dreams had thought would become a reality.
“The fact that he assigned you this case and you now have decided to go ahead on your own, leaving us in the dark, is why we felt it was necessary to step in. I for one am worried that you don’t know what you’re doing regarding Magnussen. He seems more than a little obsessed with you.”
“Who are
John might not yet have all the pieces in order but the picture beginning to form on account of these new discoveries is giving him a feeling of nausea and creepiness already and if he ever gets to see the end of this, he is certain that Mycroft Holmes will have transformed from sinister but impassive spectre to straight-out despicable villain.
Sherlock languidly reached his hand out to retrieve his phone and then, to John’s utter shock, dropped it into his teacup.
