“No, I hadn't”, John agrees. “But I didn't see that you were hurting, and that makes me a pretty crap friend.” Sherlock smiles faintly. “And I took you for granted. I didn't think you cared, so I didn't realise how horrible you would feel when I just swept in and out of your bed like that.”
Sherlock feels like a younger version of himself. He eats half-burned sausages while his stocking-feet warm up next to John’s by the fire. It’s all so very far from their life in London; it would never have occurred to him to cook over the fire in their living room at home. Although he supposes they could theoretically do so.
Those overly public displays are simply unnecessary. People will talk, when it doesn't concern them. John should have protected them both better; they should have been more private about it all along.
Sherlock's head straightened and the inquiring look in his eyes disappeared. “I'm always ready”, he drawled, words heavy with meaning. His voice was lazily submissive, not at all what I'd imagined from the fierce man on the dance floor.
Sherlock opened his eyes and swallowed decisively, bending further over his dressing table with hands in his hair. “Mm”, he agreed, gently loosening his hair from its slicked-back style, “he wants something young and fresh for him to control. It's either that or to be controlled for rich men like him. This one has been in touch with Mycroft for some time to negotiate their collaboration, and he has visited our shows, though never ventured onto the dance floor or interacted with the workers. If he were a man desperate for someone to take charge and tell him what to do, he would have already paid for a night with any one of us. But Moriarty isn't yet a customer; instead he has observed the dancers on stage, and he has chosen the Diamond Dog that he wishes to own.”
My stomach hurts with joy when I see Sherlock with Gladstone. It almost brings me to tears daily, which is ridiculous.
Mary and Irene left the table soon after that. They excused themselves to go and prepare for their dance rehearsal that afternoon, and I smiled when I bade them farewell, but I was not sad to see them go.
John glances at him, and Sherlock catches his eye. “I don’t want us to be each other’s consolation prize”, Sherlock says. “Something to settle for because neither of us could find someone else who treated us well. If we were to become partners, it would have to be based on love.” He closes his eyes before he finishes: “And I can’t afford to consider that if there is no possibility of you developing romantic feelings for me.”
I cleared my throat. “Yes, that's the song, right. It helps them flee the Evil Maharajah. The Hindu Dancer realises that love stands above everything, and he chooses the Penniless Sitar-Player.”
But then comes a muffled “John” from the pillow, and John's heart fills with tenderness. Sherlock is so sweet and childlike like this, and John can't deny him anything. He would follow him to the end of the world and beyond – surely he can follow him into a bed and spoon him if that's what he wants.
His breaths were a steady stream of my whispered name when I set up a rhythm. His eyes closed in bliss. I watched him as the tension built in his pelvis, as my name dissolved into wordless moans.
“The writer has a ridiculous obsession with me.” Sherlock absent-mindedly removed one of his long gloves, acutely aware of Moriarty devouring the sight. “I can't go anywhere without him following me around like a dog begging for attention. It would be adorable if it weren't so tedious.” He laughed lightly.
When we glide into the water together it feels as though we're connected somehow. As if we're sharing something that no one has ever shared before; the heavenly sky and the soft water. I don't know how it works, but rain always makes the lake smooth like velvet to the touch. It's never been quite as soft as it is tonight, though.
He stared at himself and tried to raise his chin, imagined changing into a dress and walking to the tower. He had walked that way to so many strange men before and it had never mattered. But this time, he kept seeing my face, and had to close his eyes again.
The thirty-third year, they move to Sussex. John's life is an ocean of boxes containing God knows what, when all he wants is that crime fiction book he bought at the sale.
John wakes at three a.m. His body is rippling with adrenalin, and he is half out of bed before he realises what's going on. It's his phone ringing on his bedside table. Sitting on the edge of the bed, he squints at the screen before he clumsily answers.
He has been away from John for a whole week. It's been years since they were last apart for that long – which is curious, because during those years they were (supposedly) merely flatmates, and now they are actual newly-weds. But it was decided long ago that when Mummy had her surgery, Sherlock would go and stay with Father to assist him. Naturally, hospitals being hospitals, they scheduled the surgery with the worst possible timing, only a few weeks after Sherlock and John moved into their lodge in Sussex.
Yeah, well it still doesn't explain any of this. We both survived. And Molly said Moriarty killed himself, three years ago. His game is over, and you still didn't reach out to me. How
While the stage building had closed its regular schedule of dance performances during the show rehearsals, the windmill was still fully in business. Before this day, I hadn't seen more of it than the hall I passed through to get to the courtyard. This was where the suited men were welcomed by the half-naked mistresses of the night.
Gaze still fixed on me, Sherlock said: “Wait, wait, we should – we should wait.” He raised one eyebrow at me. I nodded at him, quickly slipping behind the curtain at last.
Sherlock merely grunts. John is no longer annoyed; he’ll just spend the night relaxing next to his crazy boyfriend. At least he’s out of his own head and communicating, in his own way.
I can't manage more than a grunt and a tightening of the arm I've wrapped around him. He squeezes my shoulder in return, sighs, then slowly sits up. I find myself instinctively moving into the spot he vacates, seeking the warmth and the scent of him lingering there.
“I think it's overdue, don't you?” he said, and his voice was so soft in contrast to the terrifying determination of his face.
Sherlock takes his arm from his face and slowly lowers his head into John's lap, eyeing John suspiciously. John tries not to laugh again, and instead lets his right hand land in the middle of Sherlock's unruly curls.
The nineteenth year, 221B is constantly filled with inane popular music from the karaoke machine Sherlock's parents gifted to Rosie. John and Sherlock hold each other through the light annoyance the first weeks, the murderous headaches for what seems like months, and the giggling amusement the night Rosie sleeps at a friends' and they try it out themselves.
He took a step away, but my hand shot out to grab his. My face was turned to the floor to hide the battle on my features.
. The words rose to my tongue again, and had I not been deep in his mouth I wouldn't have been able to hold them in. If I didn't find a way to still my heart in my chest, it might burst.
Running with Sherlock was like dancing with him. It stopped mattering why I was running. What mattered was Sherlock, beautiful and fierce, running as if his life depended on it, as though he couldn't live if he didn't get to run. When I followed him, I remembered how easy running had once been. I remembered my early army days, I remembered playing sports at university, I remembered being a child, running, running, running as if my energy could never run out.
See, that's what gets me. You knew how much I suffered. You got my texts, don't tell me you didn't understand. I begged you to come back, I asked you if it was a scheme, I told you I
It’s astonishing how natural this feels. He isn’t the slightest bit uncomfortable with flirting. He isn’t afraid to make a fool of himself, to say something wrong, or to be taken advantage of. This is
He is a soldier, and he can present a calm and collected exterior, seem like the down-to-earth one in the middle of a storm. Inside, though, the high rushes through him, tingling against his borders in a way no one can guess.
“And the writer was just nearby”, Moriarty said, eyes still trained on me. “What luck.” He stepped into the room and the door fell shut behind him, leaving the black suit outside.
It's a long time before the bathroom door opens. Sherlock walks in wearing his red silk robe – the one that makes him look sultry and inviting, and
We stared at one another. Every trace of his supposed ecstasy was gone from his face. Instead he looked at me in defiance, almost mockery. I ignored that, because to see his eyes up close again was just as consuming as I remembered. Everything that is and can be in the world, I thought – intelligence and life and soul – must be at its highest concentration right in these eyes.
“Sherlock?” I asked, preparing to go and soothe whatever fit he was throwing. I had known it would only be a matter of time, and I pretended I hadn't been looking forward to it.
The eyes staring back at me had the strangest colour I'd ever seen. They were pale and burning all at once, boring into me as if trying to hypnotise me into never looking at anything else ever again. I wouldn't have been surprised if when I looked away there were still two spots on my retina, as if I'd been staring into two suns.
“Happy New Year, John”, he says in a low voice, so solemnly that it sounds like it's the first time he says it. When their lips meet, it's so soft that it's almost as if they're not touching, and John finds himself holding his breath.
First, there was desire. The two women circled each other, drawing nearer for each step, until they were close enough to touch. Hands reached out, hovering inches above naked skin, heads leaning in without making contact. Gazes never breaking.
He let me put my arm around his back and lead him into the bedroom. When he lay down he kept shaking, even beneath the duvet and the blanket he was still draped in. He kept staring at me with those haunted eyes and his lips were frighteningly pale.
He dances a few steps and already I've forgotten we're in the middle of a contest. My mind hasn't managed to properly remember just how elegantly he dances, so I'm somehow unprepared for it yet again. Yes, I can dance halling too – I'm strong enough to be good – but when he does it, it's a true art.
He stopped on top of the stairs, staring out over the imagined audience. I couldn't see his face, but I was barely breathing, because I knew what line came next, and I knew how he spoke it.
was the one he had chosen to dance with, that he had eaten me with his eyes, that he had looked at me without filter. But Sherlock didn't look down. He was high up under the ceiling, an untouchable gemstone floating in the spotlight. His voice gathered strength to deliver the last note and the music made a pause before the explosion of the final chord.
But the Christmas present that was never given, makes him pause. Something happened right before Christmas that made Sherlock regret buying John the phone, because it was
The dance hall was looking more and more like a theatre. Days went by in a creative chaos. Acrobats in practice clothes rehearsed moves in the corners, musicians stared at the sheet music and abraded their instruments, and the actors rarely got a break. I was writing more than I ever had before, inspiration making my words solid and glowing like diamonds.
Liss Anna is always a bit reserved during the Saturday dances. She's like that with everyone – except for her close friends, probably. She keeps her true colours hidden somewhere behind her ever-present smile. She was like that during the last night-wooing too, but I was patient and kind, talked to her all night. Tried to chase her spirit by finding a topic that would light a spark in her. And as the sky began to brighten and our bodies were heavy with lack of sleep, Anna leaned back against the headboard and relaxed. Her smile turned even nicer then. Soft dimples in her cheeks and subdued stars in her eyes.
There's a small sound in his throat; I wouldn't hear it if I weren't so close. He glances at me from the corner of his eye. “Do you think so?”
It's just that he's been through so much. The world has been so cruel to him, and he has survived things that should have killed him. It doesn't end there, survival isn't that easy. There are consequences to survival. I know about it all, and it's still too big to understand.
I was holding the most precious, the most essential and breakable thing in my hands. Of all the men in Paris, Sherlock chose to kiss me. Because he wanted to be close, to feel me, because he wanted me to feel him.
“No, don't-” I blurted, but he had already turned around, his feet flying fast and quiet over the stairs. The coat flared out behind him like dark wings.
Eventually, Sherlock's ribcage expands against John in a deep sigh. His hand comes up to touch John's arm, and John takes it as consent to stroke his back more determinedly.
He sank down onto a kitchen chair like he couldn't hold himself upright any more. I sank down into his neck, my forehead pressed against his bare skin, my hands grasping his unscathed upper arms. Tried to calm my breathing and breathe calm across the sore skin of his back. “I'm sorry”, I whispered.
Sherlock had come close to Moriarty now, and there was the whisper of hands over fabric. A breathy little “oh…” from Sherlock, and compact silence from Moriarty.
“When there was a female person in the way.” His voice doesn't sound quite as impassive as it aims to be.
“Now?” Sherlock looks around. The only furniture in John’s bedroom is the bed and a chest of drawers; no chair. The bed is quite large, though.
the unforgettable masterpiece of the show. The Sitar-Player's and the Dancer's secret song had everything, starting with an achingly sweet duet and building into a mighty climax with every singer on-stage, surrounding and adoring the lovers in the centre.
Eventually I loosened my grip on his hand and tugged it towards me, turning half onto my back. I placed his wrist over my mouth, carefully seeking his pulse with the sensitive skin of my lips. He missed a beat in his monologue, but then kept talking as if nothing had happened.
When she dies, he is still. John meets his gaze over the stretch of her bed and their eyes finally fill with tears.
I couldn't tell you why, exactly, because I was ditched last Sunday too; but I have a feeling that 1895 will be our year.
He stopped right before Sherlock. The edge of the table behind Sherlock dug into his lower back in his efforts to keep a distance.
Sherlock was lying closer to me than when we fell asleep, facing me, and he was awake. His hand was lying on the mattress between us, outstretched without daring to go all the way.
“What happened here?” he says as he reluctantly closes the door behind him, trapping the air inside.
Dawn was breaking. The sun was low outside the theatre, casting warm light onto the transformation happening inside.
There is no way I am ever leaving her. Not after this. This walk through an abandoned gymnasium feels like a promise I have made to her that I will sooner die than violate. Inexplicably, I am tied to her after this.
John could weep at the familiar weight of Sherlock's duvet on top of him and the smell clinging to the sheets. It feels like putting down every weight he carries and allowing himself to rest, to float, to smile. Sherlock moves quietly through the room, lying down on his side of the bed. John turns out the lights before he turns to him, the words coming easier in the darkness.
“Listen, Sherlock, I understand. You got attached. You've always had that tendency, I know. I've always tried to save you from it-”
Well hello again! Time for the next few chapters. This one is set later the same day as the previous chapter - that is, the morning after John went to Sherlock and ended up having sex.
John stares back at him, waiting for the outed word to burn on his cheek like a slap. He waits for all the counterarguments that have crowded his brain for as long as he can remember, roiling and twisting to torment him. But Sherlock's statement is just as factual as when he's deducing a crime scene. Sherlock sees everything, Sherlock
I walked all the way, breathing the freezing night air, allowing my body to shake some more with the cold and with the – everything. Smiling to myself every time he smiled in my memory, a small smile of victory.
Nothing he ever had with her is comparable to what he has with his best friend. Not the companionship, not the looks, not the sex. He stares dumbly at Sherlock. Did he even have feelings for her? In that case, what he has for Sherlock is something so profound he has no words for it. “
I held my breath. He was trying out my words, and I didn't want to miss anything, not a single nuance of his voice.
“Fine”, he snapped, already on his way down the stage stairs. “We will do it now.” He marched over the floor, passing my chair without even glancing my direction. “Come on, John.”
“Ha, well, I certainly would have been surprised, but you know. I've never been able to understand what goes on in your mind. Probably wouldn't have thought expensive phones were your declaration of eternal love.”
In the hallway stood a man in a black suit; the same man I had seen chasing the pink feathers off the dance floor.
I stare at him, startled. This is the last thing I expected to happen; I don't even understand what's happening. But it really is him – the dark curls, the sharp features, the intense eyes. He's staring back at me with that same defiant look he had when he played last night.
“Shh”, I whispered, because the earnest apology was too rare and too real. I didn't want to know what he was sorry for. “It's all right, love. It's all right.”
He arched an eyebrow and opened his mouth, a cocky smile lifting one corner of it, but I cut him off before he could speak.
“Of course not.” John suspects that he has a silly, besotted look on his face, but it doesn’t matter, because this adorable idiot never looks up from his scrutiny of the socks. “Well, you just let me know when you’re done.”
daydreamed about asking Mycroft to have her fired somehow, or make her believe her one night stand was HIV positive. You're so clever, if you wanted to revenge me there were so many possibilities. But you, you chose to break into her flat and create claw marks on her wall!”
Things go downhill from there. When they catch up with the criminal, it turns out he has a partner. John's gun saves them, but not before Sherlock has run straight into the arms of an armed killer.
is one of Sweden's biggest holidays, second only to Christmas. And now you're obviously dying to see the ring dance around a midsummer pole! Here's the infamous
It's impossible to resist. Sherlock is right there, and John loves him so much that nothing else matters, especially not a bus full of boring tourists. No matter how he tries to keep it innocent, every little movement Sherlock makes is so erotic that John could nearly explode in his pants without ever being touched.
The lights on the bus are dim and it's dark outside. Rain taps against the windows. The rumble of the engine is even and the rows of seats are empty, and something about that makes this feel like an exception in time. A space that only John has access to, being the only passenger on the bus tonight.
At two p.m., John leans against the kitchen door frame with a smile until Sherlock rises to give him his kiss.
Then John's lips carefully meet his, slotting together in a clumsy, slightly awkward fit. His lips are dry and a bit chapped. They are a lot thinner than Sherlock's lips, so they can't quite cover them.
He thought this would be a short kiss. He thought it would be awkward because of the railings. But Sherlock's lips part softly as soon as they touch his, letting John practically melt into his hot mouth. John moans at an unexpected surge of arousal, hands coming up to grip the iron railings before his knees can buckle. Sherlock hums in response – and the bastard bloody
I held my breath. Soft strings were playing, preluding his next words, creating a gentle bed for them to lie upon. Sherlock looked at me across the hall, seeing no one but me in the wide sea of people.
Sherlock's face shifts and John knows he doesn't need to say more. He has a strange expression of incredulity and amusement that John doesn't know how to read.
When he turns the kitchen lights on to reveal Sherlock's face properly, he's almost amused by the way Sherlock gazes at him with triumph and pride, from a face soaked with crimson red.
I am a doctor. I should have known that a force darker than jealousy, and stronger than love, had begun to take hold of Sherlock.
“Wait.” I stood and walked over to him, where he stood by the door in his tight coat and high heels, looking decadent and softly beautiful like a morning after. When I took a gentle hold of his lapels, he let me see his smile.
Sherlock arrived less than a minute before the rehearsal started. No matter how heavy his make-up, it didn't hide the exhaustion radiating from him. However graceful his movements, it was evident that he was keeping himself upright through sheer force of will. He didn't look anyone in the eye when he climbed onto the stage. Untouchable, tall and proud.
“Of course.” Sherlock didn't meet his eyes in the mirror, instead kept his focus firmly at the styling of his hair.
It shouldn’t sting, but it does. Sherlock knows perfectly well that it was his own choice to put a lid on his sexuality, and after so many years of abstinence he is confident that it doesn’t shine through. Still, that John can’t even consider the possibility that he might have once wanted those things… well, it bothers him.
“You don't have the luxury of choosing between types of work. Remember what you are.” Holmes' eyes were hard, and for a moment, Sherlock's were not. Holmes lowered his chin, gaze intent on Sherlock's face. “What is this about, Sherlock?”
“Huh?” I tear my gaze away from the fiddle, look up at him and remember – of course. He sees everything. “Oh. Yeah. Haven't gotten very far, though.”
He keeps pressing earnest little kisses to Sherlock's face, and when he carefully kisses Sherlock's closed eyelids, Sherlock gives a short whimper through his closed lips. John pulls back a fraction, and Sherlock follows him, blindly seeking him. John almost smiles, for the thousandth time keeping himself from telling Sherlock just how sweet he is.
I had forgotten how sweet the sting was. How consuming the pressure. When I was flush against his hips, I remained still for a moment, dropping my head and closing my eyes around the overwhelming pleasure. I could feel every inch of him, burning inside me, spreading through me.
I turned back to Sherlock. He was still panting hard from our song. His eyes were glassy. When he saw my triumphant happiness, he couldn't help a faint smile, though it seemed to cost him valuable strength.
Sometimes there's a case, and then I exist in that as well. It's not euphoric, it's not uncomfortable. It just is. I think that's what's needed most.
He is resting against the door, the back of his head surely a mess of tangled curls, and his legs are splayed out uselessly in front of him. His hand is sticky around his softening penis and his breathing is absurdly loud.
“Nearly did. Seriously, you have far too little experience with shopping if you thought I'd be home again in fifteen minutes.”
When I saw his back, the beautiful miles of alabaster skin interrupted by angry red streaks and covered with compresses… then every part of me was shaking.
I wait for the panic to set in, the panic I was always so sure I would feel if he were ever to find this out. But all I feel is a wonderful calm.
“You're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen”, I said in his ear, my voice the most pathetic wreck.
I stopped when I was close enough to touch. He stopped blinking, and so did I. We stared at each other, and his eyes looked so alive. Afraid and hesitant and helpless, but alive. It was torture just watching him; the ghost that's been following me for three years, the one I've wanted to touch so badly. And he still could be a ghost; I could be standing there alone in 221B like some kind of panicked soon-to-be-engaged man, hallucinating my dead boyfriend. I scanned Sherlock's body for life signs; the lift and fall of his shoulders, the minute shifting of his hands at his sides. It's not enough.
happens on the 13th of January, twenty days after Christmas. It's the day when Christmas is officially over in Sweden and the Christmas decorations should be taken down.
John takes a long walk, guilt and shame knotting his guts. When he gets home, Sherlock is playing his violin in the living room. He is a relief of black and white in the backlight of the window; his black suit matches his perfect curls, and the skin of his neck is almost as white as the shirt collar. The notes move with his body, flowing down his waving back, jumping under his quick fingers, soaring from his steady bow.
The air in the cab prickled at his skin. Even the cabbie seemed to shift uncomfortably in the loaded silence.
She giggles and sneaks up on him. “It's only gonna get worse, y'know”, she murmurs, her lips hovering above his.
“I don't expect you to understand.” He curled his lip condescendingly. “You're a romantic, but I am not. The Moulin Rouge is my home, and Moriarty offers me everything I have ever dreamed of. If I leave, I have nothing. Nobody can rise from a life on the streets.”
I wondered if my choice of clothing told Sherlock something. It probably did. Probably braces meant I had slept on my right side that night, and waistcoat meant left side, or something like that. The thought was oddly comforting. It was as if by seeing me, by really
By the end of the chorus, I heard the click of a safety behind me. But before I could turn around, there was a loud bang, and suddenly a group of dancers flooded the stage. It wasn't scripted, but they started moving in synchronisation as if it was. One of them waved frantically at the conductor to give them music.
But above all things, this is a story about love. And love, I do know. I have learned something great, something that transcends all else.
“We could get money. Somehow. I could find some writing work, maybe even some doctoring – and you, you could be a detective.”
He tries to stop touching Sherlock outside of 221B. It aches surprisingly much, and in the moments where he would have normally hugged him, the magnetic field of Sherlock Holmes tugs on him, almost making John fall into his arms without meaning to.
Greg raises his eyebrows, but John only shakes his head. Sherlock leans back in his chair, making no effort to take part in the conversation. When he suddenly grabs John's chin, kisses him and wishes him a happy new year, Greg's eyebrows rise even further, but John doesn't have time to explain before Sherlock drags him out of the building.
My head snapped up when a long-legged figure crossed the room. Sherlock was still in his red silk shirt – which I hoped meant that he wasn't about to go and seduce some faceless man for money.
He gradually pulled back, keeping his face close to mine. I could feel his gaze burning on my eyelids, waiting for me to look up. It took me a long moment to bring myself to do it.
“You're scared”, I murmured, and he frowned. “I think you weren't prepared for what happened between us on the dance floor, and it scared you.”
She was screaming when I entered the building; a reassuring sound. It means she is responsive. It means she is breathing. I found her in a locker room, alone and wrapped up in a towel. Instinctively I started talking to her and she silenced immediately. I wondered for a moment whether she recognised my voice, but no; I have not seen Morstan for several months.
Moriarty's gaze raked over his face, and then flicked over to me. A violent tremor shot through my left hand. The floor was tilting beneath my feet and the air was too thin for breathing, when I turned my back to leave them alone.
I climbed off the stage, but I lingered in the doorway to watch the progression of the rehearsal. There was colour returning to Sherlock's cheeks, and when Stamford gave him a direction, he followed it without comment. When no one was taking any notice of me, I allowed my gaze to follow his movements across the stage. He was wearing a black shirt, and he had thrown his suit jacket onto the floor at some point. The shirt was slightly damp along the spine, and he had opened one button too many. That should be illegal with a shirt like that, on a man like him.
John is a soldier, which is why he doesn't fold up at the happiness punching him in the gut. Instead he only smiles back at the man who might have saved his life tonight, even before John had time to save his in return.
It's impossible when he's alive. Because what I wrote before isn't true – faking a death isn't the same as breaking up. That's not the process I have gone through. And now suddenly everything is so bloody crowded – I can't have Mary while Sherlock owns my heart.
signed that contract. Knowing full well that the demand is unreasonable. I need the evenings to work.” He made a gesture over the script on his lap.
He was laughing even before I reached him, holding up his script as a useless shield when I launched for him.
“Unless…? Oh.” Sherlock's eyes turned hollow and his face still, when the missing pieces finally fell into place. “Unless he believes I don't love him.”
It's a curious thing, that reverence I feel. I visit the Drömme church at Christmas and Easter like everybody else, but I am no dedicated Christian. I stopped saying my evening prayer years ago. I don't even ponder the concept of religion very often – but in the privacy of my own mind, I sometimes wonder if the Bible hasn't gotten God wrong. The way He is pictured there… it doesn't really make sense to me.
Close to five p.m., John is sitting in the Scotland Yard cafeteria, drinking coffee with Greg. He sneaked out of the flat while Sherlock was still in the shower, mainly because he didn't trust himself not to get back in there and finish what they'd started. Greg is working all night, so John thought he might as well drop by and wish him a happy new year, while also giving Sherlock some detective work to do.
I was at ease even sitting in the fancy dining room connected to Holmes' office. That was where the pre-production meetings were held – and the fifth day of rehearsals started with an interruption of one such meeting.
Sherlock flinched when the money landed beside him. He seemed to shrink into himself on the floor, all his self-assurance and superiority gone as if it had never been there.
And last but far from least, let's give a round of applause to my beta Akhenaten's Mummy, who consistently fed us all a new chapter every single weekend for four months. I am the luckiest writer in the world, and I am thankful for it every time I get an email from her or from any of you amazing commenters.
isn't a turn-on John doesn't know what is. Especially when Sherlock presses himself against the iron bars in an effort to get closer to John.
“Go to bed, idiot”, he says as he casually reaches in under Sherlock's open coat and unbuttons his suit jacket. For some reason this shuts Sherlock's brain down, and all he manages are a few blinks before he obediently undresses, puts his pyjamas on and lies down under the covers.
I have no idea how long I am silent – how long I hold my breath – or what my face is doing in the meantime. But eventually John speaks again.
Thompson was vibrant with the spring. We let her loose. She splattered wet snow on our trousers. Sherlock didn't manage to say anything about it. Neither of us had a voice.
Inexplicably, this causes Sherlock's mouth to fall open. The breath he fought to catch rushes out of him. A tingle in his lower belly swirls downwards.
“If you want me to be”, Sherlock whispered. I was stuck on the carpet, watching the scene on the bed. My throat tightened with nausea at the way Moriarty breathed Sherlock's body in through his open mouth.
Sherlock puts his lush lips against John's ear. “Why?” he breathes, and John writhes at the realisation that Sherlock is ready to finish this here and now.
When he comes to my room that night I'm already exhausted. We lie down in my bed – he crawls in beneath the blanket with me these days, although he always leaves his clothes on. He gently pushes at my shoulder, rolling me onto my side, then he curls up behind me as close as he can get.
He has fought for so long. I could cry at the strength he possesses, the sheer will to live. He hasn't given up even when all odds have been against him.
“John”, he said, of course that's what he said, that's what he always says and he means everything. I nodded mutely, and he said: “There's something… I should say.”
It was about overpowering the brightest mind of Paris. It was about claiming the fairest body on the stages of the night. It was about capturing the most precious jewel and ensnaring it in the tightest leash. It was about holding the ropes loosely to make him believe he had escaped, it was about allowing him to relax and expose his vulnerable chest, and then tugging the leash violently in his weakest moment.
The big, red house a bit further down the road has to be the school. If I take left here, I will soon be at the Täpp house, or so Lisa told me. My feet slow down. My chest constricts, as though my heart revolts inside it.
The urgency in his voice provoked another coughing fit. I felt his fragile body convulse in my arms, about to rip itself apart. I cradled his skull in my hand, trying to get him into a position which freed his airways.
He dives in for a new kiss, and John decides to stay perfectly still, not so much as twitch his lips, but somehow he finds himself tilting his head. He desperately ignores the way his blood surges through his body, making him tingle. He should move away from Sherlock's pelvis – and he will, any second now. He will untangle himself from Sherlock's legs, and he will still be able to pretend that neither of them felt anything against their hips and thighs.
A hand appeared at my hand, lacing our fingers together. When our joined hands came to rest across my chest, I automatically leaned back into the warm body behind me. The other arm snaked around my waist as the flat chest of a man pressed against my back.
letting the rays of light through, allowing it to glow on the rooftops. A single horse pulls a carriage over the cobblestones on the street below my window, the clatter of the hooves and rattle of the wheels crisp in the brisk morning air.
Nothing really mattered any more. There was no self-proclaimed high-functioning sociopath using arrogance as a shield, and no broken ex-army doctor feeling sorry for himself. The distance between the top of a tall building and the pavement below wasn't there. There was only Sherlock and I, having dinner, talking and actually laughing.
John reads the text and stills for a moment. Then he sighs and puts the phone back on the table. He doesn't type out a reply.
When it ends, John feels his own tongue dart out to wet his lips. He curses himself when Sherlock crashes onto his mouth again, apparently taking it as an invitation.
“Oh, it's so much more than a brothel. The numbers they perform there…” Gregory shook his head. “It's world-class musical, is what it is. Or could be, if they had more money to spend on that kind of acting talent. Holmes runs that place very carefully – I don't know where he finds those girls and boys.”
Soling Jacob plays for hours. The last polska is slow, intimate; William and I dance as close together as is possible. When we turn around one another our chests almost touch. I splay my hands across his back, trying to tell him through my touch alone how precious he is to me. I think he understands, because I can feel something of the same through the palms of his hands on my shoulderblades.
I bring my breakfast bread into our garden. I watch my mother and Harriet make flower wreaths to put in their hair as I slowly eat, listening to the hymn. The melody reminds me of the solemn mood that grips me when I step into a church.
John can't remember a time when he didn't feel drawn to Sherlock like a magnet. He thinks about their very first night, giggling together at a Chinese restaurant at one a.m. Even then, there was nothing he didn't want to know about this man. His eyes have been following Sherlock's every move since then, his head is filled to the brim with Sherlock; his eyes, his mouth, his hair, his grace, his open collar, his crisp shirts, his black trousers.
Even in sleep, the annoying git defies every rule. Even in sleep, Sherlock slots into place beside John as if he was always meant to be there, demanding space in a way that's intrusive and welcome at the same time. Sherlock's body is so familiar to him, its weight, its heartbeats, its smell, and the presence of it only makes John feel peaceful. He has slept
Sometimes he can't help it. Sherlock's hand hangs at his side, all soft and cool and beautiful, and John has to take it.
I start humming another waltz, exaggerating my steps to make her bounce. She silences. I look down at her and discover that she is staring at me with wide, gleaming eyes.
Relief smoothed Sherlock's face further, his mouth falling open into a wider smile. He looked happy, and he looked complete. As if he had all that he ever wanted, as if it didn't matter that he only had it for such a short moment in his life. I could see it, plain as day, that he wasn't afraid. All his pain had left him and had instead lodged in my own chest. It was a large black hole expanding inside me until I was the one whimpering in agony.
“Do remember that I have been kind enough not to bring up the fact that he has not fulfilled his duties to me so far. Not once.” Moriarty's voice was calm. “I'm not a jealous man, I just-” – and his voice turned to a scream so suddenly that Holmes jumped: “-
“Hmmmm.” Sherlock hums into the skin below John's ear, stilling his hand but not removing it. “We will just have to wait, then.”
Music beat the air into waves, pumping through the arteries and veins, the hidden spaces and secret gateways around the dance floor. There, somewhere, stood Mycroft Holmes, unmoving, unseen, leaning on his black umbrella. You never knew when he was gone, you never knew when he was there, but everyone knew that he saw everything. His presence was felt constantly like a density in the air.
When the paediatrician was finished with her I installed her in the baby carrier. John took a picture of us – again awakening a desperation in me at the priceless value of this photo that didn't even exist a second ago – before he rushed to his own doctor's appointment.
It was close to 2 AM when I got there. It was quiet. I walked the steps slowly, to give him time to prepare. The flat was almost dark. Only the red lamp in the sitting room was shining, and the one over the sink. The curtains were closed.
He tried to look at his reflection and seek support. No one else was there, and he was seconds from losing consciousness.
“As you have observed, they are first categorised according to colour.” Sherlock puts a sock to his right, picks up a new one and keeps talking with his detached I’m-on-a-case-and-it’s-important voice. “There are two major subcategories based on the knit of the welt. Once I have sorted every sock into one of the two, I have to go through them all again, as despite the welts being of the same knit they can be of subtly different depths. And then of course, once I’ve had them for a while I have to sort them based on degree of wear as well, or they will look odd.”
They embrace several times even though it is almost certainly inadvisable. Sherlock can see the anguish in John’s eyes and wants to comfort him – at least, that’s what he tells himself when he reaches for John. But once John’s in his arms, it is no comforting hug between friends. John’s hands slowly stroke Sherlock’s back; Sherlock almost moans.
His eyes flicked back and forth between mine, then he cleared his throat. “I suppose I could.” It was the first words he had spoken to me since the elephant, and the rough vibrations of it made me shiver. “I should be able to schedule a meeting tomorrow morning-”
John watches him over the rim of his water glass, gaze lingering longer than is customary between friends. His eyes steal all the colour in the room, absorbing every hue of the spectrum and transforming them into the bluest of blue.
“Loves me”, she says triumphantly while plucking the last petal. She tosses the stem to the side and looks up at me. When she catches me watching, she smiles mischievously. “Do you need one of these, then?” She holds out another ox-eye daisy for me.
“Keep-” His wheezing breaths must have hurt. “Writing.” I shook my head, a fresh wave of tears rising to my eyes. But he wasn't finished. “For me.”
John is correct; he has already grieved. And this is not what his grief looks like. His eyes are clear where he sits across from me; he sips his tea and doesn't forget to drink it before it gets cold.
“What the hell are you doing?” I asked. He opened the cover without answering, turning the thin pages quickly. I was about to ask again when suddenly there was a large gap in the pages. The middle of the papers, the area where the text was written, was cut out, leaving a neat hollow square in the middle of the book. “How did you know that was there?”
The blades have stopped turning. This night is blue and cold, and the moonlight is harsh against the ruins across the street. The façade that once shone with mystery and possibility is now no more than dust and decay. There are large holes in the roof of the windmill.
I look… radiant. I don't know how else to describe it. I have never seen my face do what it currently does, and I cannot even pinpoint where the change lies. If it didn't sound so horrifically unscientific I would say there is a new glow behind my eyes. The closest I have ever come to this is the night John first moved in with me. But that was a light of hope; bright yellow, nearly white. This is the glow of coals, a deep orange of devotion.
Just for a moment, Sherlock's stride paused and his posture yielded. His hand shot up involuntarily to clutch his chest as he gasped for breath. At once, he was mortal and vulnerable in front of the relentless suits. The music hesitated, the dancers faltered, and Holmes' eyes flashed in fear from the front row. But then the moment passed, Sherlock's painted lips curled in a cocky smile, his arms reached sensuously up above his head and he started to sing.
I have been in Sidensjö a few times, of course – it's barely an hour's walk from Drömme – but I've never seen their dance barn. I've also never heard their old fiddler play, though I've heard he's good.
He leaned against the gold, staring out at the lights outside, murmuring the song just to ground himself with the vibrations in his own chest.
. Sherlock's thin body is shaking with cold, and he buries his face in John's neck, making himself smaller.
The coughing slowly subsided, but Sherlock's breath was still loud in the empty room. His brain felt overheated with how furiously it worked to find a way out – or it might have been the fever.
“Right, well, the Evil Maharajah finally understands how deep their love is, and he uses his final weapon to pull them apart. He forces the Hindu Dancer to make the Penniless Sitar-Player think he doesn't love her. She is led to believe that it was all an act, that he was courting her as the prostitute he is.” Sherlock's face was soft when he watched me getting excited over the scene I had just written. “
He turned to Moriarty then, smiling and saying something apologetic, and then he swanned away. He didn't turn to make sure I was following, but of course he didn't have to.
Holmes looked expectant and slightly disapproving – he already disliked me, it seemed, but at the moment he didn't have much choice but to put the fate of his show in my hands. Moriarty looked entirely uninterested in what I had to say, and yet, he was the one who would judge if anything I said was worthy.
From the outside, the Moulin Rouge looked like a pulsing heart in the middle of the grey and worn village. The beating of deep bass seeping out from the walls quivered in the gut, and through the glass doors the red vestibule promised heat and passion. The curtain fringes of gold created an illusion of glamour and fortune.
He lifted his right leg to hook it around my hip, his pelvis bucking forward in a helpless repeated motion. I held his leg in place with my elbow, my hand sliding in underneath to caress the back and inside of his thigh. He panted into my mouth, hands clutching my back. His whole body was tensing up, and he was losing all co-ordination; his movement felt lost, his kisses felt almost scared.
But I need to, because I promised. This is a story about love, therefore this is a story about him. So I swallow, I raise my chin, and I type the name that Stamford told me for the first time in that dirty pub in Montmartre:
“John.” His face was taking up my whole vision, ghostly pale, covered in pearls of sweat. “Hold me.” He whimpered in pain. When he spoke again, he had no voice, and his lips shook around the fragile words. “Hold me.”
When she smiled, I recognised the dancer who had tried to invite me onto the dance floor before. Before, when I still needed my cane; before, when I had never seen a glimpse of Sherlock – it already seemed as if that had been another John Watson.
He lies in his bed, twisting and turning, until he sits up and parts the curtains. The street outside his bedroom window is lit by a lone streetlight a bit further down the road. The summer night isn’t entirely dark; the sky is a dull grey. It makes the sleeping village look like another place entirely.
him, Sherlock Holmes. That he would see what’s important to Sherlock, and that he would respect it, even honour it. John surrounds Sherlock with a quiet sort of care that makes him feel loved; not conditionally, but truly.
Perhaps the most shocking thing about it is that John doesn’t try to hide it. He looks at Sherlock openly, his whole face aglow with the emotion inside. Sherlock’s eyes warm from the first hint of unshed tears.
“No. No, I’m trying to figure it out myself. Look, I’m sorry I’m putting this on you before I’m done thinking – I didn’t mean to talk about this now.”
“Hi Sherlock”, there was laughter in Stamford's voice now, “sorry to bother you, but I'm upstairs working on your new number. I was wondering if the two of you have some time to spare and can come up and try it with me?”
I will always remember that moment as the happiest of my life. My lungs were sung out and my heart was soaring. I breathed as if I'd just been running through each and every secret hallway behind a madman, doubled over with laughter. My blood was singing in my veins like it did when I fled behind Sherlock into the dark elephant and kissed him for the first time. Around me stood my motley family, having bared their souls before an audience to live out what I had written for them. And in my hand I held the greatest treasure I could ever hope to find.
John sits close to him and speaks calmly. Not in the way people speak when they are afraid of the trauma someone is suffering; careful, thin voices and words regretted before they are spoken. No, John speaks to him as though Sherlock were responding to his words, as though he were actually present.
Moriarty stopped on the floor, speaking with exaggerated thoughtfulness. “Not sure if there is an elephant in the room, or if it's just that the room is an elephant.” I didn't like his tone, the way I couldn't tell if he was mocking or serious.
Now, hours after sunset, the water dripping from the rooftops has formed icicles. I think my ears might just have done the same.
As soon as their skin touches, it feels as though Sherlock’s body melts. He lets go, sinking down onto John with his full weight. He distantly hears his own voice letting out a low, long moan.
On stage, Sherlock exhaled in a quiet laugh of relief. He closed his eyes for a second, an aching smile on his face, before he looked up at me again. The love in his eyes was unmistakeable. I grew bolder, and the next time I sang my voice was stronger.
I'm walking along the road with Mikael and Greger. They are almost bouncing in their eagerness. The sun is still up; this night will be too bright for any stars to be visible in the sky. The stars have found their place in my friends' eyes instead.
I didn't realise it was the last time I would see him look so light and careless. But nonetheless I must have savoured it, because I can still remember his face with crystal clarity. That uncomplicated joy in his smile, and his eyes radiant when looking at me.
The room was quiet. We looked at each other, the air between us a palpable, vibrating thing that made my heart beat faster. The moment drew out a second too long, and I became abruptly aware of how close we were standing to each other.
It made me pause in the middle of a step towards the curtain. I looked back at Sherlock, his ecstatic voice contrasting his frantically alert expression. There would be no getting out of here until Moriarty was finished.
Been trying to go to sleep here in my old bed at 221B. I can't do it. I can't even close my eyes when I'm not hearing his breathing.
He looked into my eyes for a second more, then he suddenly rose up one stair, putting us at the same height.
I was the one taking his hand and asking if he was ready. We entered the roof together, returning not to the spot of something horrible he did to me, but of something horrible that happened to us both, me and him and
It's taken in our living room. Right on the middle of the rug we're lying, Sherlock, Gladstone and I. Gladstone is in the middle, Sherlock is spooning him and I have his paws pressed against my torso. Our arms are wrapped over him, reaching over to rest our hands on one another. We're all asleep, but our faces are bright somehow, as if we're smiling. Especially Gladstone. But he always looks like he's smiling.
The room felt like a jail cell belonging to Duke Moriarty. In a roil of furious disgust, Sherlock grabbed a sculpture from the closest pedestal and smashed it onto the floor. It broke into shards and dust.
I spoke Molly's first line, resolutely ignoring the fact that the inspiration for these words was me. “
“Now why don't you and I”, he murmured seductively, “have a little supper.” He stopped in front of Moriarty, tilting his head to make himself look smaller. “And then afterwards…” His voice was hushed as if trying to be private, but everyone in the room could hear him. “… we can let Mycroft know how we would prefer the story to end.”
“No.” My resolute voice started to fail me, becoming frail around the edges. “Tell me you don't love me.”
I glanced at Stamford, seeing my own irritation reflected on his face. On stage, Sherlock folded his arms impatiently across his chest. He had just executed a brilliant performance and expected praise.
I make my way through the crowd to throw the tree onto the unlit bonfire. There is a kind of wordless satisfaction in letting go of this symbol of the darkest time of the year. To gather all the winter debris together to burn. The pile is impressively tall; there's brushwood, broken furniture and naked Christmas trees.
“Mm?” John asks, drawing patterns on Sherlock's scalp with his fingertips. Sherlock was right (of course he was); John has longed to touch his hair. Sherlock has longed for it too; and yet now that he has it, he isn't sure whether to relax and get used to the sensation, or to avoid giving in to it and letting it distract him from his train of thought.
(July) – My very favourite schottis (it's unusual to find one that sounds romantic like this!), and the soundtrack for John and William's first kiss!
, John.” His face involuntarily contorted in a twisted smile. “I don't care about selling my body – it's just a tool. The brain is what counts, everything else is transport.”
We make our way back into the crowd for a better view. On the small hill behind the pile of wood the choir is taking their positions. Their black suit jackets and white caps are so inherently
After some time, the door opened and in came Gregory and Molly. Sherlock's eyes flickered to me, and I gave him a tiny, reassuring nod before standing up to greet them. The practice session turned slowly into a party when bottles were opened and glasses clinked. Sherlock was looking increasingly surprised at the kindness he was shown by the others, eyes again searching mine. I smiled back at him, wanting to crush him into my arms and tell him he was allowed this, wanting to give him the world until he believed it was truly his.
“Mm.” Sherlock props himself up on an elbow and uses his other hand to caress John’s naked chest. “My relationship with you has an additional variable that I did not consider when calculating how a romance between us would affect the Work. I have never felt
When he can finally speak, the fatefulness of the word should sound in some way monumental, but instead it's just a croaked: “Yes.”
When John's face emerges from his hands, his hair is dishevelled from where he has gripped it. His eyes are flaring.
The twelfth year, Sherlock introduces them practically every time he walks into a room, no matter who is in it. Sometimes repeatedly to the same person, even though he loathes repetition. He looks intimidating and untouchable, but his eyes are beaming.
“Neither do I. We’ll need to talk about this more later, I reckon. Maybe we should just call it a night and sleep on it for the time being?”
I craned my neck, looking for Stamford, but the whole room was a whirl of dancing bodies. I tried to make myself invisible so I wouldn't be asked onto the dance floor again, clutching the dead weight of my hateful cane. The colours had become too vivid, the music too loud, the suit too hot.
“Go to sleep, John”, he repeats, turning his head so that the warm breath from his words caresses the crown of my head.
John smiles, peering at Sherlock through the tiny slits in his eyelids. “You are, actually. You talk in your sleep”, he lies.
”, he sang into the great silence, the song breaking in a sob. His voice was brittle and thick with tears. He sniffed and tried again: “
Up, up, up above on a balcony stood two stagehands by the curtain ropes, looking down onto the stage floor in frozen trepidation. The red and white petals, Sherlock's body still dressed in Moriarty's diamonds, the red blood on my white shoulder.
“All right, I don't need to hear it.” I climbed up the stairs and marched towards Sherlock. “Not right now, anyway”, I whispered when I was close enough to be heard only by him. His mouth twisted involuntarily before he could get control over it. I shoved the pastry into his hand. “Eat.”
There was a beat; this meant something to Sherlock, something that he hadn't expected Moriarty to know. But he quickly regained his composure, rising from the bed and pulling Moriarty with him. “Yes, but I want to enter the stage on the opening night, filled with anticipatory dread, thinking about what you will do to me when the curtain falls.” He led Moriarty towards the door while he spoke and opened it for him.
Sherlock hurried over to the opening, carefully leaning out and scanning the ground below. “I think we got rid of them”, he panted, leaning back into the room and collapsing with a shoulder against the wall.
John looks at him. An entire night sky fits into his clear eyes. He is about to say something more, but Sherlock loses patience before he has the chance. He lifts his head from the cushion, sealing their lips again.
“As am I, Holmes. It's all in the contract.” Moriarty reached into his portfolio and put a piece of thick paper on the blank hardwood desk. Holmes drew the sheet closer to him with his fingertips. “Oh, and naturally I shall require some security. I shall require the deeds to the Moulin Rouge.”
He let go of a breath, bordering on a sob, maybe a laugh. I want to forever remember his face in that moment. That's how I want to imagine he looked the last time we spoke.
I scratch my ear. “You asked someone about me, then? Yesterday, at the dance?” I feel strangely flattered by the idea.
But what would it be like if John actually returned the sentiment? If he actually tended to every ache in Sherlock’s bruised heart and remained here, even when Sherlock was convinced that he would leave?
I would never have been able to do this, you know. If the roles were reversed. I wouldn't have left you like that, I wouldn't have made you witness it. I wouldn't have been able to walk around for three years knowing you mourned me. Never. I guess that's only for someone who can so very conveniently distance themselves from all the disgusting “sentiment”.
The twenty-eighth year, Sherlock's sixtieth birthday takes them by surprise, neither of them having stopped to notice the time passing. They sit down in the evenings, they hold hands and talk about their lives. They catch sight of something changing not too far ahead, and dreams and plans are slowly chiselled out between their hands with softly stroking thumbs.
performance, if you want to see the dance in action! (I am in the clip myself, by the way, if you want to play that guessing game…)
John sighs, glancing down at himself. There's a little wet spot on his side, and he drags his finger through it. It makes him feel oddly possessive to have a part of Sherlock painted on him, and he almost doesn't want to wipe it away. But his pants are a tangled mess by his knees anyway, he might as well use them as a towel. He pulls at the duvet, which is half off the foot of the bed at this point, and sits up against the headboard.
John leans in for a kiss, sweet and simple. Staying with the tip of his nose against Sherlock's, eyes still closed, he adds:
His piercing eyes were enough to make anyone nervous, but not this man. Moriarty enjoyed it, he basked in it, he met the stare straight on.
But then Sherlock abruptly moves, sitting up and avoiding John's gaze. He slips away between John's fingers when he rises off the bed.
“I'm not jealous!” I yelled, refusing to back down even when I heard the blatant lie in my own voice. “I just think you should consider where all this stuff is coming from.”
I sit down on the bench next to William's fiddle-case, trying not to let on that my limbs are buzzing with excitement to finally meet him again.
“It's less risk that I get caught if I'm on my own. I know all the secret spaces, John. It's all right.”
“Yes”, he insisted. The frown was fading from his face, his expression getting absent, his eyes unfocused. “Please. I want- to stay with you.”
He didn't answer or move when I slid the jacket off him, carefully put it over the armrest of the sofa. I undid his shirt buttons and my hands didn't shake, not yet. I pulled him with me to the dim white light in the kitchen.
Soon Sherlock enters the bedroom in his cosily worn pyjamas, hurries to the bed and throws the covers off John's still-trembling body. They never cuddle in the evenings – it always starts in their sleep, a claimed accident no one has to take responsibility for. The relief rushing through John when Sherlock lies down almost on top of him, holding him tight, is so great that he almost stops trembling.
John draws a deep breath through his nose and tightens his arms. Sherlock has turned in his sleep, and John has drawn him in even closer. Their legs are a tight tangle under the sheet, and Sherlock's face is resting against John's chest.
I opened the door to 221B and promptly dropped the envelope I'd picked up from the doormat downstairs.
Now, I've been trying to stay in the background in all this, but it seems I won't be left alone until I make some kind of statement, so here it is.
When he entered Sherlock's dressing room, Sherlock was lying on the bed. Whoever had helped carry him there had been chased away by Martha. She had managed to get him out of his suit and into a soft dressing gown; faint pink over his pale, almost grey skin. He was drenched in sweat, and his lips were almost as blanched as his complexion.
Stamford didn't sound nearly as vicious as the dancers did when talking about Sherlock. Still, I sounded more defensive than intended when I answered him.
. His hand clenches on his thigh, the tremor refusing to go away. He won't let people like Donovan ruin the best friendship he's ever had, and he won't let people like his father decide what's okay and what's not.
Sherlock finds himself telling John more stories from his childhood and is surprised by the intensity with which John listens. During his time away, he had forgotten what it’s like to have someone care about everything he says, simply because it’s important to
And I have gone from heaven back into hell in the blink of an eye. It almost seems inevitable that such a perfect moment is precisely when it would all end.
I've had great dance partners before, but this is a whole new level of great. William feels like a breeze in my arms. He can follow my slightest nudge and matches my bounce perfectly; it almost feels as if the second body isn't even there. As if he's simply a part of me.
“I tried”, Holmes said. “I've tried to tell you that your faith in me is too great. And I hoped that perhaps I was wrong about Moriarty. You needed someone to sponsor your career, he was interested in you-”
They are hiding in a cupboard. The suspect turned up at the house before Sherlock had found what he was looking for; he wanted to keep looking and hoping the suspect simply wouldn't enter the study on this particular night, but John was having none of it. He dragged Sherlock back into the bedroom, where they had seen an old cupboard in dark wood on their way in, and he pushed them both into it. Sherlock begrudgingly has to admit it was a good thing he did, because the suspect is now plodding around in the study.
Sherlock turns, allowing himself to move closer to the little soldier. John's shoulders are squared, and his dark eyes have more depth than before.
I don't sleep in our bed any more. Not since the night I saw Sherlock. Just can't bring myself to lie down beside Mary.
The dressing room was grazed by the faint light of the rising sun, still below the horizon. Sherlock's eyes moved erratically behind closed eyelids. Sweat shone on his forehead no matter how many times Martha wiped it clean.
Sherlock watches their joined hands resting on top of the zebra sheets. “If there is one thing I have learned about my heart, it is that it cannot be trusted. In fact, no part of my body can. This is why I keep it under such firm control. If we become too intimate, I will lose control completely.”
When I sat down with a polite smile, she smirked and leaned over the table, offering me a view into her neckline. “I like you in a waistcoat.”
I held my breath, carefully watching his face. He was still motionless, only his eyelids fluttering now and again. It was strange how the characteristics of his make-up changed with his mood; when he was confident, it made him look hard and untouchable, but when he was uncertain and out of his depth, he looked infinitely vulnerable under the heavy smears of black around his eyes.
“Sherlock, you know that is not how it works.” It was the first time I heard anything resembling human emotion in Holmes' voice. In fact, Sherlock is the only one I've seen push his buttons enough for the ice exterior to slip. “You have to cooperate with the rest of the ensemble for this production to succeed.”
“Hmmm”, he hummed against my skin, stepping in to put his body flush against mine. When I felt his desire against my stomach, there was no turning back for me. I didn't care that we were in an unlocked cupboard right in the middle of the Moulin Rouge, with Moriarty and Holmes both creeping in the halls.
“Of course it was! It was extraordinary, it was quite… amazing.” I sound like an idiot. God, it's clear that Holm William is a genius; I must seem so stupid to him.
John is starting to lose control. His hand clutches Sherlock's hair, his legs pull Sherlock closer even though it will mean their erections dig into the other's skin. He fights to smother the sounds he wants to make, but one of them rises embarrassingly in his throat. At that, Sherlock tries to move impossibly closer, his thigh brushing John's erection in the process.
“Oh my God”, Sherlock breathed. “You knew, and you didn't warn me. No, it's worse than that. You knew, and you
I looked at Holmes and saw that for quite possibly the first time in his life, he was rendered speechless.
I rose from my wooden chair, stepping out onto the narrow balcony outside my window. A bottle crashed loudly somewhere above me, followed by shrieking laughter. The summer air smelled like raw night, tobacco, spilled liquor and sex.
Sherlock dives back to his lips, his tongue slipping into John's mouth urgently. John tries to slow things down, to back up to safer ground, only he has no bloody clue what ground that might be. The way Sherlock gives in to this is irresistible, and John's hips press upwards helplessly, screaming for friction. He still hasn't taken an active role in the kissing, and when it's obvious that Sherlock tries to make him do it, it's like a fire alarm blaring through his mind.
John looks up at Sherlock when he arrives. “You obviously didn't need me”, he points out, “since I have been out here for the last fifteen minutes.”
“Stop”, John gasps, blindly yanking his shirt back down, fighting not to pant too loudly. Sherlock removes his hand to lay it against the side of John's face.
We both froze. I pulled back, holding on tight to his waist to stabilise… someone, I don't know which one of us. I was about to ask, but there was no question. Especially when I saw the look on his face.
I felt foolish for thinking that things could be different. But Stamford wouldn't let me sink back into my depression in peace, instead persisting in dragging me up to the surface over and over. He showed me the city – well, the neighbourhood, as I couldn't get far on my bad leg – and he dragged me into his own flat for tea he'd brought from England. When I refused to come, he settled on playing for me from the other side of the wall. Those evenings were the best.
Sherlock was back to his extravagant moaning, and I realised I didn't have long to find a hiding spot. Moriarty was fully in control of their position on the bed and he could change it at any time.
His waist is narrow, but his back is strong. There are two perfect dimples at his lower back, above the swell of his backside. Somehow it doesn't feel as weird to see him naked now that we've swum beside each other; as if the cold water has washed all that away.
Sherlock's eyes were big. He tried to wrench out of Moriarty's grasp, but Moriarty only tightened his grip.
I went up on my toes to stroke his hair with my cheek, then back down to feel his smooth cheek against mine. My breath speeded up at the smell of the skin below his ear. The embrace had turned into something else while I wasn't paying attention, our bodies moving slightly against each other, our hands caressing firmly over backs and shoulders and arms.
Sherlock staggered over to the door and closed it. As soon as he was truly alone, he broke out into a coughing fit. He made it to the red satin chair before his legs gave out, and he put his head between his knees, fighting for breath. His hands made desperate fists in his hair.
I smiled when I heard in her voice that she truly did appreciate the song. It was the first time we tried
Hell, John doesn't know what it is. He only knows that it means Sherlock is here, and Sherlock is his, and now that John knows the soft vulnerability of his mouth, he will never ever be able to let him go.
The conference table is cluttered with case files, photos and maps, and the clock on the wall ticks mockingly loudly. Greg has long ago left them for a break, Donovan sits at the end of the table with her arms crossed, and Sherlock sits at the middle, manically going over the same evidence over and over and
Once more, he turned to leave. But I couldn't bear the thought of watching his handsome back moving away from me, dissolving into darkness on the pavement below my window, the night swallowing him as if nobody would miss him or even notice he was absent.
“The difference in tone when I touch this part here-” I pause to tap my fingers at the waist where the left F-hole is going to be; “-and here.” I tap the upper bout, where it makes a slightly darker sound. William nods. “Right, that's going to affect the sound of the fiddle. The shape and thickness of the top plate – and the back plate too – isn't just about copying a model. It's about adjusting this specific piece of wood until it's in acoustic harmony. See?”
When he's finished, Sherlock still hasn't appeared. John sets up the movie and then backs into the sofa. He happens to land almost in the middle. Well, it's a fairly long sofa.
Never in a million years would I have imagined myself singing in front of hundreds of people in the grand finale of an exuberant musical. But standing there beside Sherlock, resting on the beautiful harmonies he added to my voice, holding his hand, I was not afraid. It was the easiest thing in the world to open my heart and lungs and let everything out.
I woke early with a start, immediately getting up to straighten myself out. I didn't allow myself a single moment's pause to think, even less to feel. Stamford and I walked across the street to the Moulin Rouge to prepare earlier than usual.
When he looks up next, Watson's face has changed. His lips have parted, too, and they are glistening just like his dark, wide eyes. Sherlock's gaze trickles down over his torso, where the tank top stretches gorgeously over his pectorals, and down to his trousers.
A half-moon of stairs led up to the stage. I climbed them to join Stamford, already sitting by the piano, and Molly, standing on the other side of it. She was vibrating with excited energy.
Sherlock takes a ragged breath, locking his hands more firmly behind his head. It will go away. Eventually, his need for sleep will take over, and he will simply drift off. But a traitorous part of his mind stays focused on the bunk above him, and on the shallow breathing of the soldier lying on it.
I take it from her and hold it gently in my hand. I stroke the thin, white petals. Watch the tiny black bugs crawl out from the yellow in the middle. I've never played this game, and I don't intend to start now… although I do wonder what the wisdom of the flowers would have to say about William. Loves me, or loves me not?
“John, please.” It was Molly, leaning over my shoulder and urgently whispering in my ear. “The clarinettist is about to start crying.”
“What's going on?” I wondered why I felt like I couldn't walk up to him and brush my fingers underneath his jaw, the only exposed piece of skin on his body.
He often watches Sherlock from across the room. It feels like gravity pulling John towards him, and he has to stay focused to refuse. He can stand like that for a long time, debating with himself whether it would be weird to hug Sherlock right now.
The thirty-seventh year, they get a dog. John and Sherlock both forget about their minor ailments, running and jumping along the beach with the overexcited puppy. More than once they end up in a tangle on the ground, and when the dog tires of them and finds some bird to hunt, John discovers that they are not too old to make out in the sand.
Unbidden, my mind serves me the image of William dancing. Arms out, smile smug, body strong and alluring. I open the door and stare at him, my lips pinched. He stares back with that same smug smile – he stares me down, refusing to apologise for the fact that he's as male as I am.
Tonight, his leg could carry him through another crazy chase through alleys, stairwells and rooftops. Tonight, his hands are hot and rock steady when he digs into his food.
“My grandparents had a cottage in Sussex.” Sherlock opens his eyes and sees John look at him, startled. Ah; the light has changed. Sherlock has been silent for some time then. “My parents haven’t got around to selling it yet. I’m sure they wouldn’t mind if we spent a week there.”
The relief is so overwhelming I can't stand it. It's the most beautiful human being, once again gracing the earth with his presence. It's the missing part of my heart slotting back into place. It's the most vital, strong, living body
Sherlock goes out for a long walk by the shoreline. John stays in the cottage to work on the big blog post about their last case. When Sherlock comes back in, John has fallen asleep in his bed with the laptop on his belly. He startles awake when Sherlock pops his head into his room.
to learn to play like that? On top of the sheer volume of it, the polska is played at a breakneck speed. It's the boy who plays the melody, and Soling Jacob adds harmonies like a grounding carpet underneath the sparkling tune. Both of their bows dig into the strings as though trying to pull in every soul in the room with them.
Sherlock was sitting on the table in my flat, his back turned to the windmill blades behind the window. His eyes were shut, and the tears on his face were dry.
He leaned his head back, closing his eyes against stars that weren't visible anyway. His chest was heaving, trembling, open and fragile, so easy to crush.
There hasn't seemed to be much point in talking about the time before they got together. John feels sheepish enough as it is, being so stubborn about embracing his bisexuality. The reasons for that is something he doesn't enjoy dwelling on, and the important thing is that he is where he's supposed to be now. Moving on is the best thing to do, surely.
I notice what he's saving for last. And sure enough; he finally stops by the half-finished violin top plate lying in the middle of the desk. The F-holes are not yet carved out, but the shape of the wood is obviously unmistakeable. I'm actually pretty pleased with the way the upper and lower bouts and the waist are balanced against each other on this one.
He takes my hand and helps me to my feet. He puts his arms around me in a dance-position, and I automatically do the same. His cheek rests lightly against my temple. I tilt my face up, smelling the skin of his throat in that spot just beneath his ear. Then he starts humming.
, a man who has survived, a man still unsure of how much he has lost and how much he'll be able to gain. He is beautiful, in all his heartbreaking humanity. All that he is and all that he has done. Even standing on the edge of this roof and spreading his arms. He is so beautiful.
I fall asleep with William's nose pressed against the top of my spine. I wake up to an empty bed, but that's okay. I don't need more to be sure. On the following Tuesday I leave my house in the evening to walk towards Sidensjö alone.
.” Then there was that sultry smile again. “I think I can come up with a much better use of your time tonight.”
His happiness shatters under her hostile stare, turning into anger. He regrets letting her watch so delicate a thing as Sherlock's unguarded affection.
John eats under Sherlock's continued gaze. Weirdly, that doesn't make him self-conscious – he's used to Sherlock scrutinising him when he's doing the most boring and insignificant things, and God only knows what about John Sherlock could possibly find interesting. It doesn't really matter; John trusts that whatever Sherlock finds out by observing him, he will keep the data safe. It makes John feel calm. It makes him want to never be anywhere but under the headlights of Sherlock's eyes.
“Right!” Molly exclaimed, gesturing towards me to prove her point to the others. “And I tried to talk to him, no disrespect – I was polite, wasn't I?”
he has no trouble demanding attention from everyone in the room. His polska is as powerful as an entire spelmanslag playing together.
It is remarkable, how fast I got used to smiling again. Busy as I was with the script, I didn't really notice it happening. I was caught up in the new adventure, moving with purpose and anticipation in a way I hadn't since I was shipped out to Afghanistan.
I also cannot believe neither of us ever mentioned it. Perhaps we needed her presence for this conversation. The calmness she radiates settles in my chest and reassures me that it will all be okay. I really do mean what I said about priorities. Even though the outcome of this conversation matters hugely to me, I know that I will be able to accept any version of reality as long as I have still got her.
Perhaps there is nothing wrong with Sherlock, after all. Perhaps there never was. Perhaps the only problem was that heneeded to wait for John Watson.
“Goodbye, then”, I said. Unable to stop myself, I reached out for his hand. His eyes followed me intently when I raised it to my lips, kissing the back of it, closing my eyes against the feeling of his skin.
It's almost finished, now. The script is spread out around me on my narrow bed. On the pages, I can see a sea of red and white rose petals, I can see the back of heavy red curtains, I can see Sherlock dressed in white and gold. Remembering joy hurts a thousand times more than remembering pain.
My skin was slippery with cold sweat, the sheets were clammy. I kicked the duvet away and my own breathing was screaming in my ears. I needed a moment before I was brave enough to turn my head on the pillow.
Throwing myself into a project like this would be rash and stupid – in other words, exactly the kind of thing I have never been able to back away from.
Sherlock heaved a great sigh. “Whenever you're ready, then.” He stretched out on the bed, bending one knee on the covers to open up his thighs. He extended one arm towards me, letting the hand hang limply over the side of the bed, and placed his other hand on the corset just beside his crotch. He looked like a dead heap of black lace and white skin in the sea of red velvet pillows. His head rolled to the side, lips parted indecently, his face passive and expressionless. But his eyes were sharp and bright, a fresh blue-green well right in the middle of the suffocating crimson of the elephant chamber.
.” Moriarty laughed a little, eyes big and delirious. “See? I am your match, Virgin. I can open any doors for you, or I can make you fall. That's what you like, isn't it, honey? I'm Mr Sex.”
, a man hoarsely sang, and Stamford and Molly danced merrily together in the middle of the floor. I saw Gregory standing by the balcony window, leaning into a woman with his hands in near-indecent places. He wasn't the only one; two women in the corner had their tongues down each other's throats and their hands in very indecent places, not nearly as discreet as they probably imagined they were.
Sherlock is so caught off guard that he forgets to hide his surprise. He turns his head to look at John, look for the clues he’s completely missed.
It scared me to death. My heart was terrorising my breastbone, but all it meant was that my posture straightened and my muscles grew fiercely strong. I couldn't look away.
When I close my eyes I see the blur of my mind palace in refurbishment. Quite automatically it changes the order of all my priorities until she is on top of everything.
Sherlock has studied him out of the corner of his eye all day, trying to determine where the change lies.
“The Maharajah conducts his evil plan to pull the Dancer and the Sitar-Player apart. But he doesn't realise how strong their love is, and in the end, the Dancer hears her song, and he can't stay away from her.”
Sherlock slowly raised his head, piece by piece putting together the act. Holmes watched him, his eyes wide and expressionless, his mouth sad. Sherlock's red-rimmed eyes slid open. He drew another breath through his nose, and at once he had changed. His chin was raised, his head slightly cocked to the side in careless indifference. His face was closed and hard.
He didn't look up when the door opened; he could hear who it was. Martha silently walked over to him. She crouched beside the chair and gently pried his cramping fingers from the mess of curls. Sherlock slowly straightened, keeping his eyes closed. Martha exhaled a soft sound at the sight of his face, cradling his hands in both of hers.
Watson's grip has subconsciously tightened around Sherlock, moving faster. He swipes his thumb across the head of Sherlock's cock, smearing a fresh bead of pre-ejaculate over him. Sherlock's eyes slam shut and his mouth drops open. “
John reaches out and puts his hand on top of Sherlock's, curling his fingers around it. When he strokes his thumb across the back of Sherlock's hand, he finally sees a movement in the corner of his eye. He doesn't turn to look at Sherlock, and Sherlock doesn't say anything. But he does hold John's hand in return.
do. He wants to tell him that there's no harm done, that he isn't angry with Sherlock for the hug, that Donovan isn't going to scare him off. That he's always going to be Sherlock's friend.
Sherlock's mind is dancing. A light allegro in major key. Data is perched upon the notes, facts cradled in his outstretched hands, deductions appearing underneath his feet to set him off into the next position.
Sometimes they giggle. Sometimes they laugh. Sometimes it goes on forever though there's never any real reason.
“You're right, the characterisation of the Hindu Dancer needs some work there”, I continued. “I'm not quite sure what direction to take it in, though. So I was thinking, since you know him best… maybe you can help me getting the voice right?”
Not much got past Holmes, but there was one actor great enough to fool him. Sherlock scowled, arranging his rudest expression onto his features. “The work”, he answered. “It's all that matters to me. I will not become a real actor if I spend the nights as a whore.”
Before the stage, the conductor moved. The musicians tentatively started playing the heartbreak music composed for the ending. Apprehension on their faces, the Diamond Dogs in the background started slowly dancing.
-scene is the most important in the production. We will work on it tonight until I'm completely satisfied.”
The lights in the bus are low, the murmur of voices hushing as it gets darker outside. John watches the evening sky while Sherlock's fingers sort meticulously through his hair, the touch making John calm and satisfied at the end of the long day. When the darkness outside hides everything but rough ridge shapes, John sighs in contentment and turns his head.
Moriarty's eyes turned to her fast as a reptile. It only took him half a second to read on Mary's face what had been blatantly obvious to everyone during the last rehearsal week.
” I finally yelled. “He's your brother and he's using you. You're the Sparkling Diamond, you're the one who cashes in money for him. He exploits your brilliance so he'll climb higher in society, selling his own little brother to anyone with a fat enough wallet!”
It must have been almost a year since Sherlock broke John's RAMC mug during a mad experiment. John had been furious and Sherlock had scoffed at him for getting so upset about it. And now, hidden far under their bed, he finds it again; the small shards glued together.
“Where's the fun in that?” Sherlock says lightly, but there's a tension in his shoulders when he puts the violin in its case.
In the centre of the room, Soling Jacob stands with his fiddle tucked under his arm. He's looking at someone, and when I follow his gaze I see a young man standing by the wall with his back turned to the room.
When he moves even closer, John has to tip his head back to hold his gaze. His face is stubbornly set, as if daring Sherlock to judge any of the things he just deduced about him. His pupils are wide and alluring, and a pink kitten-tongue darts out to wet his thin lips.
Though I am no stranger to her, am I? The way her hand grips my shirt collar seems to speak of familiarity. Probably just wishful thinking, but still.
But the thing with Michael Stamford is that he always comes back. For some reason, he won't let this broken old soldier drown in his misery. God knows why.
“What was that?” Sherlock immediately shouts, and John fights to keep his laughter quiet. “John, open up!”
Sherlock watches John from the corner of his eye and suddenly regrets his behaviour. Not towards the suspects, nor the police, nor even the clients, because they were all morons and deserved it; John didn't. Now his face has an ashen hue (exhausted) and he holds his left shoulder stiffly (strained). He is in no shape to take the train back to London tonight and doze fitfully against an uncomfortable headrest.
Clouds drifting fast, dark colours changing. Greys and blacks in the sky mirrored by Sherlock's coat, Sherlock's hair, his dramatically shadowed face. When there was a brief gap in the cloud cover, the moon shone through brightly, making his skin sharply white.
They are sitting by the fire. Sherlock pulls back from John’s neck to look at him. John is otherworldly in the mutedlight; he seems to grow more handsome with every passing hour. His eyes are closed in bliss and his mouth forms an O. Sherlock watches as it slowly shapes into a smile.
The coat slid off his shoulders, and he carefully hung it on the hook by the door. I couldn't resist glancing down when his back was turned; the tight skirt cut a perfect shape for his backside.
Downstairs, at that moment, Holmes glided into the theatre, nose high, eyes sweeping over the working bodies. His umbrella swung from his hand.
I was sitting on an uncomfortable chair next to Stamford, leaning forward with elbows on my knees, trying to get away from my own twisting guts.
I stand beside him and turn to take in the view. The sun has begun to set, and it's painting the sky in the most wonderful palette of colours. William turns back too, and we watch the scene in silence for a few moments. He stands close enough that I can hear his breathing, which is strangely calming.
John wakes up crying. Sherlock soars between wakefulness and sleep with John's body shaking in his arms. He lets himself be held, clutched, possessed.
On stage, Mary was in the middle of her grand act. Her voice was high and sharp, singing foreign words, and she was bouncing like a puppet on a string. Acrobats floated in the air above her, backup dancers behind her moved in perfect synchronisation. The stage was such an onslaught of colour, movement and music that the cheering audience didn't stand a chance of catching every detail of the magnificent performance.
He was looming over me, taking advantage of his height even without the high heels. “Why isn't there a number for me in the script?” he demanded.
“Evening”, he says. His eyebrows rise expectantly, and I automatically step back, allowing him to walk inside.
“I assume you want some supper?” He stopped by the small table where a shining silver service stood. “A little champagne?” His tone was bordering on mocking around the last word, clearly expecting I would jump at the offer.
He looks up when I dance past him. His gaze bores into me just as sharply as I remember, but his face gives nothing away. Even when I smile at him, he is unmoved. I clench my jaw and add an extra stomp and a slap at my heel to the dance, telling myself it has nothing to do with the fact that he's watching me.
His music sounds raw when he plays alone. It's unbelievably skilful, of course; but when the old fiddler isn't there with him, there's a sort of young ferocity in the way William attacks the strings. The bow digs in so deeply that you can almost hear the whisper of hair on steel underneath the tone.
Her name is Tori and she agrees to have dinner with him. On his way home from work he buys a new shirt for the evening, because if he can win this beauty over, nobody can say he's not a successful middle-aged, straight, normal guy.
Before Moriarty could answer, Sherlock grabbed the lapels of his suit and tugged him violently forward. He dragged him along until they hit the bed and toppled down onto it, Sherlock on his back and Moriarty on top of him. “I can't wait any more”, Sherlock whined breathlessly. “Take me!”
“I suspected. I never saw any signs of you knowing it yourself, though. Or being interested in finding out.”
I remain awkwardly standing in the middle of the busy car park, shivering slightly in my thin shirt. I can feel my brother's eyes on me from across the scene, no doubt meaning to offer me a ride home, but I refrain from meeting his gaze. I cannot be in a car with him right now. I need to be alone, need to breathe the fresh air only anonymity can bring.
The tune changes into another, this one in minor key. It's just as biting and fast, and the young fiddler's ornaments are precise and dramatic. It strikes me that it fits with his features; his sharp cheekbones, the stark contrast between his dark hair and fair skin, the delicate art of his curls.
“I've got you”, Sherlock murmurs, pressing his open mouth messily to John's cheek. His words really mean nothing if they are caught, but are strangely reassuring anyway, and John lets go. He clings even harder to Sherlock's arse when he starts to moan. There's no stopping it now. Sherlock whimpers into his skin, and John comes with a shout.
Sherlock puts his hands in his hair, half-heartedly arranging it into something less obvious. He can do nothing about the colour on his cheeks, though. Everyone who sees him within the next fifteen minutes will know.
That evening, the sun lingers in the treetops. The air is fresh and kind after the rain earlier that day, and the scent of bird cherry is heavily sweet. Sherlock takes John into the backyard to show him the great lawn he used to pretend was a sea, and the trees he used to climb like masts on a ship.
The thirty-eighth year, John lives at his desk, leaving his mind there any time he gets up. Reality becomes a blur between walks with the dog and an old phone with an engraving to his sister, toast with Sherlock's fresh honey and a pink suitcase, sleep cuddles in the lodge and a gunshot through two windows.
The ensemble stood around us with grim faces. Holmes' eyes were naked and crushed. Gregory lifted his hands slowly to take off his Maharajah turban. Everyone was quiet, allowing only my strangled sobs to sound. I was shaking all over, my body stiffening and refusing to live on and make space for this new reality.
Deadly silence followed upon my words. I almost smiled. I owned this silence, and from some dark and twisted place inside, I enjoyed it.
“Exactly.” John manages a graceless kiss at the tip of Sherlock's nose. “Too bad we can't do the cuddling bit.”
I opened my mouth to agree or disagree, and there was a little noise before I closed it again, shaking my head a bit.
After close calls, when Sherlock was inches from being ripped away from John, John can't help drawing him into a hug. When it's John coming too close, Sherlock does the same.
When John takes him into his mouth, Sherlock shudders and lets out a relieved “haaaaaah”. His leather-clad fingers grasp John's hair through the gate, pulling him in closer. John complies until his cheeks push against the railings. His mouth is full, but he's not at risk of gagging with the barrier between them. Sherlock must realise this at the same time as John does, because he pulls back and pushes back in with a force he'd never otherwise use. John groans and fumbles for Sherlock's hips, guiding him back and forth to show him it's okay.
“It's a sprain”, I established upon examining her. “You need to rest; lie down with your foot high, put some ice on it. I'll help you to your dressing room.”
William's lips take on a bluish tint pretty soon; he really does have no subcutaneous fat. The rain has stopped, and the only sound is the gentle purling sound when our hands cut through the surface. I dip my head one last time as William gets to his feet and wades through the shallows.
“The emergency script reading”, Holmes repeated blandly, looking back at Sherlock calmly. Behind his superior nonchalance, an intensity was hidden in his eyes.
The boy walks into the centre of the dance floor, fiddle held before him like a shield. He carries himself proudly, but the effect is lessened by the way he hurries his steps as though praying he'll soon be out of sight. To my great surprise, Soling Jacob remains in place. He's waiting for the boy to join him. After hearing his otherworldly performance, I can't help but wonder what on earth this boy is doing here, stepping forward to play with God himself at the golden hour on a Saturday night.
I admit I had wondered if he'd be back. Traditionally, night-wooing only takes place four times a year, and on specific Sundays; around Valborg in April, around Midsummer in June, at the end of August, and in October at the harvest festival. That didn't stop William from coming here last Sunday though. Makes sense that it also wouldn't stop him from coming here two weeks in a row.
He boldly opens his mouth against mine. My heart beats violently when I follow his lead and let him taste me with his tongue. The raspberry flavour in his mouth is consuming – I'm dizzy with how good this feels. Not even in my fantasies has anything felt this good.
When the bus finally pulls up outside their hotel, John is damn near out of his mind. The main lights in the bus flicker on and John sits up in his seat, glancing at his dishevelled reflection in the black window. Sherlock blinks in confusion, his gorgeous lips parted around his panting breaths, and John has to look away not to push Sherlock's head into his lap. They wait until everyone has gone off the bus – all these ruddy people, why are they there? – then they rise, John clutching his jumper in front of him and Sherlock his jacket. The twenty steps to the hotel entrance are longer than the width of London.
I'm so hurt I can't stand it. I'm so hurt that my body sets itself on fire in order to get away from feeling it. I'm so unbearably sad that I want to curl into a tight ball at the bottom of the deepest well and cry until I am only water. It's the only way I see myself getting rid of this feeling in my chest; cry until I'm gone.
His voice was haughty and cold, but his words spoke of something else. There was something naked in his eyes, and before I could stop myself, I was thinking out loud.
I cannot accurately recall what happened after. There were kind and firm hands, stable shoulders, and stumbling over stairs. There was my bed, and someone arranging me into recovery position, discarding my soaked vest and trousers. There was a blanket, and then nothing but the sound of the waning rain.
The music cuts off with a creak and Sherlock spins around, his blue silk dressing gown whirling dramatically.
When he rose to get another bottle from the kitchen, I thought I could see his sung words in the folds of the blue silk, his voice serene and sincere.
“Yeah, apparently.” John turns on his side, facing him. “Sherlock, you’re my best friend. I’ve never had a friend like you. I’ve never felt so… safe. I’ve lived with you for years, we already know that’s not a problem for us. We work well together, too. I just can’t imagine anything better than what we have.”
He sat down inside the balcony, hugging his knees with his arms. I saw him, a red sign in the dark, he was the heart of everything I knew. He saw me too, the profile of an unassuming writer, a glowing light in the window that was so small, and yet so important, yet ruining everything.
His coat soon slid forgotten to the floor. My hands roamed over his back, the soft excessive fabric of the shirt moving over his firm muscles. He tilted his head, kissing me deeper. I dipped my hand to move it up under the hem of the shirt, and groaned when there was nothing but skin to greet me.
So the soldier was here to get more of the limp-curing man who had seduced him on the dance floor? Well, then that was the opposite of what he was going to get.
I first came to Paris one year ago. It was 1895, the transient summer of change. I wish I had tried to hold on to it, and perhaps it wouldn't have left me so fast. I didn't realise how 1895 would slip through my fingers and be forever gone. At the time, I thought I had seen the worst of the world, and every day that wasn't as heavy as the one before, was a day I spent mindlessly following the breeze, careful not to think too much.
Sometimes Sherlock gets lost, his mind reeling after too many nights puzzling over a case, his body spinning with too much energy he doesn't have. Then John takes his hand and it grounds him, and though Sherlock mostly doesn't give John a single look at those times, he holds John's hand firmly for as long as he can.
John stares at his face, seeing every tiny movement of his hand play out across Sherlock's features. He takes it easy, getting used to the feel of Sherlock in his hand. It sure is unfamiliar, but not in a bad way. Sherlock gapes in pleasure before him, and it makes John want to do
John's gaze pours over his flushed cheeks, his perfectly round mouth with the impossibly full lips, his messy hair. The look of wrecked pleasure has never been more gorgeous than on Sherlock. John's own breath catches along with his – Christ, the man is
I wander slowly along the road leading back to Drömme. When the Drömme lake comes into sight, I take off on a smaller path to walk along the waterline. I'm happy to spend the night with the lake, the trees and the moon.
I stifle a burst of inexplicable laughter. “Well then. The Bakar house, you say?” He nods in silence. I squeeze his hands to make him look up at me. “Bakar William. Will you marry me?”
“But you're not”, I insisted to his back. “You're being sold – neither Holmes nor you have the faintest idea what Moriarty intends to do to you, and yet you're just signed off to him, no questions asked. That's not protection, Sherlock.”
“Yes”, he said, because of course he would. Then he amended: “Well, I'm not sure I could have imagined…
I looked around the excessively decorated room for inspiration, barely having time to evaluate whether my ideas were good. An Indian elephant sculpture by the piano in the corner; it would do.
Those streets felt like home now. I was another figure in a dark alley, money in my pocket and sin in my mind, being beckoned by the unlucky girls who were too numbed to shiver in their revealing dresses. The pulsing, glowing, red heart in the middle of Montmartre was what we all orbited around, longed for, prayed for.
He paused by a mirror on the wall, staring at himself without recognising the look on his own face. He wasn't supposed to want this. He was supposed to get out the moment it got complicated.
Sherlock is the first to board. He drops into his seat and leans his head against the window. He feels like the little boy he definitely no longer is; thrilled by the travel and excited about the destination. The train starts moving, and he imagines a soft piano in the sound of the wheels on the rails. Music that sounds like light and hope.
And then Sherlock's arms wrap around him out of the blue, reminding John that it really is fine. Sherlock wants this; he hugs John at any time, regardless of what John is currently doing. He's completely unselfconscious about it, doesn't seem to ponder the issue at all.
Sherlock doesn't move, his focus remaining on the petri dish. “Hmm?” he hums with disinterest, before reluctantly raising his gaze to John.
Stamford sat back in his chair, folding his hands on his round belly, and with the face of a man throwing his ace onto the table, he spoke one word.
“Astute observation, John”, Sherlock said absent-mindedly, rising on his toes and reaching for a massive book on the top shelf.
We lie down in my bed as usual; William on top of the blankets, me underneath them. “Don't worry”, I tell him. “I hear Midsummer will be warmer.”
I stared at her, not knowing what to say. Not once during her story did a shadow darken her face, or her voice betray the gravity of what she told me. The smile was never far from her purple-painted lips, and it nearly broke my heart.
“Is that so?” Moriarty sounded almost amused. I found that I would have preferred it if he sounded upset and disappointed.
Everyone is joyful over the sun coming back after all the darkness. It is lovely; golden and real, it glistens in the frost. But in the wide windows, prisms break the light to scatter it all across the room. Those glowing rainbows are slowly moving back and forth, following some logic of their own, lighting up traces over the wallpaper. Unlike the sunlight they are quiet and secretive. They are only here, and only for me.
“It’s been decades. Since I was old enough to insist on staying in the city, I suppose. I rarely have the urge to spend time in the countryside.”
I open my eyes and idly watch Harriet holding an ox-eye daisy in her hand. She plucks one petal at a time from the flower, quietly speaking the words. “Loves me” – she plucks a petal – “loves me not” – another petal. It's been ages since I saw her play this game; I remember the girls in school did it when we were children. I wonder who she's keeping in mind when she does it this time.
He turns his eyes to his own window. He will never be able to say any of those things. He can't name what they are doing, when all he knows is what it
“It would be if you started playing!” Moriarty's voice was loud and shrill in contrast to Sherlock's. “Don't be so boring – I already told you I'm not going to touch you. Well. Not yet.” He slowly walked closer to Sherlock, crossing the empty floor between them. “You're going to fall, Virgin. But don't be scared. Falling is just like flying except there's a more permanent destination.”
I lean back against the red-painted wood of the outer wall. Klockar Ida laughs at my no doubt dazed expression.
Sherlock wraps his legs around John's to hold him in place. His fingers are cramping around John's hand. When Sherlock comes, he gapes, and he looks as though nothing in the world can reach him where he is now.
“That's what I'm telling you!” Gregory said. “With John, we could write a truly bohemian show, we could make a modern musical in the spirit of truth, beauty, freedom and love-”
The waves are massive today. Grey water throws itself over the rocks, the shore yielding to its will. The roar of it is grounding.
“It's starting tomorrow.” Moriarty bared his teeth while he spoke. “You will walk onto the stage in front of hundreds of people, and you will complete my story.”
John is crowding him, hands braced on either side of his shoulders, chests almost touching. A hint of more to offer. And Sherlock wants it, oh, how he wants more. But his breath has stilled in his chest, caught on the crest of a silent gasp, trapping him in a way that makes him afraid to move.
When my eyes were dry and my chest empty, I lifted my head. He tipped his head back, looking at me. His undersea-rainbow eyes were floating, the whites were streaked with red. He looked so tired. And still, he shone when he looked at me.
before John has finished speaking. It's strange, he thinks. He's spent so much time trying to create a perfect kiss, and in the end it's this imperfect one that turns out to be his favourite.
John leans in for a quick kiss. Only it isn't quick. Sherlock's lips yield under the touch and John melts into his mouth. Sherlock's hips press forward in a quest for warmth even though he is much too warm already.
The light seeping in through the curtains tells me it is approaching five a.m. I probably have mere minutes until Gladstone wakes up and takes me out on our morning walk. When I get back, I intend to slide down under the covers with you and wake you up in a way that can hopefully convey, more clearly than any words can, how deeply I love you.
Sherlock, the one hidden inside the suits and the haughty rudeness – he's so human, he's so living, he's
“No, it's not!” The sheer volume of my voice made him swallow his words. “Sherlock, it's not. I know you. I've
John lets go of Sherlock's wrist before he knows he's going to do it. His hand slides up and laces together with Sherlock's long fingers, and Sherlock grips his hand, hard. He could overpower John now. He could easily turn them over, but he stays where he is. His hips almost lift from the sofa, seeking John's, and John slides down a bit along Sherlock's body.
Doesn't mean he wasn't responsive, though. I could see every flicker of sensation across his face, and it was so beautiful. The rush of pleasure opened me up for the rush of love, God the fucking love. I knew every breath of him, because I know him the way I know sunrise and sunset. It was so
Sherlock opens his cookie, eyes the note inside it and scrunches his face up in horror. John immediately knows that if he's too slow, he will never get to read the gem of a note that put this comically adorable look on Sherlock's face. He leans over the table and reads it upside-down:
There is something wrong with Sherlock’s throat; his voice seems not to be working. He has the strangest sensation in his chest, too.
Moriarty watched when Sherlock raised his arms, covered in long black gloves, to slowly remove the veil. Sherlock's skin shone with a bluish glow, and his lipstick was purple in the darkness. There were pearls of feverish sweat covering his face.
“Anyway”, John goes on, “here’s the yarrow. These red ones are called Strawberry Seduction, apparently. And here’s Bachelor’s Buttons.” He walks ahead through the garden, letting Sherlock trail behind and admire the explosive colours of the flowers John has chosen. “The sunflower plants are still in the shed, but I’m going to plant them here tomorrow. I got a dwarf kind – dunno if you prefer the big ones? We can always get more.”
They reach the village and creep through the narrow streets, and it strikes Sherlock that it didn’t take long at all for the lodge to become
Sherlock doesn't do it either. Maybe he never really wanted to. This cool indifference is more his style; everything else is transport. Whatever they did before, he's apparently done with it now.
John glances at Sherlock's unmoving figure. Could it be that he's hurt? He doesn't normally let his guard down the way he does with John. Is that because of how it feels when he's rejected?
Well hello again! At long last it's here, the final chapter in this series. Thank you for being patient when both me and my beta very suddenly became very busy! Enjoy the soft boys <3
I stared stubbornly into his cold eyes. I was about to play my ace, and he knew it. “What about the dance?”
All hail Akhenaten's Mummy for being so quick with the beta! Just a heads-up that we probably won't be able to keep this fast update schedule.
He opened his eyes with a gasp. “John?” He sat up, looking around as if he couldn't remember where he was. When he saw Moriarty on the floor by my feet, his face crumpled. “John”, he gasped again, tears wetting his cheeks, shoulders heaving in violent sobs.
When Sherlock's muscles finally give out, he immediately folds himself on his side, curling up and nudging his head under John's chin.
But they're not. Because though the world explodes, our love will survive. Because it is always 1895.
soon, he risks revealing everything. Even John should be able to read his affections in his needy grasp around the back of John's t-shirt and the way he's trapping John's leg between his own.
Sherlock closes his eyes and presses his hands firmer together. “I find myself intrigued by our conversations.” He grimaces, because that is a dishonest understatement. “Those desires that I had with previous partners… even considering this, it is once more getting difficult to stifle them. It is not entirely convenient. My brain is getting… foggy.”
He's whispering something in Soling Jacob's ear now. When he pulls back, the old fiddler is smirking behind his beard.
There is an almost inaudible sigh from William. He raises his hand to trace the carved patterns on my bed post. We both watch his forefinger follow the bees on the wood, and neither of us mention what we both know; that next Sunday is the first in almost two months when we will not be in this bed together. On Friday is Midsummer's Eve, and that means that on Sunday, we will be out night-wooing girls.
It's a warm night, not a breeze disturbing the peace. The sun is still resting just above the mountain ridges on the other side of the lake, large and deep orange. The lake surface is almost still. It looks incredibly inviting. I had my first swim of the summer just the other day; it was a bit of a shock to the system, but it was wonderful. Freeing, somehow, to dive under the surface and be completely surrounded by water.
The twenty-second year, Rosie brings home her first boyfriend. He is visibly terrified of Sherlock Holmes, staying close to John's friendly smiles and calm posture. Sherlock looks up from his bowl of goat blood on the kitchen table, smiling his biggest and most insincere smile, leaving the boy trembling. This is the worst thing Sherlock does, however, and when the boy breaks up with Rosie over text, he learns that John Watson is in fact the father to dread.
Sherlock smiled back, unsure of what else to do. But it was far too late for him to dull the alert glint in his eyes and hide it from Moriarty. He leaned back in the divan, and Moriarty followed his movement. He took Sherlock's bottom lip between his teeth and released it slowly.
The cane clatters to the floor when John closes his fists in Sherlock's hair, and they meet in the middle.
John strokes him carefully, enjoying being alone with this secret part of Sherlock Holmes before he wakes up. Sherlock's sleep-shirt is becoming worn out, the fabric soft and thin – he can feel every rib, vertebra and muscle through it.
It's just that John had sort of hoped Sherlock would make the time zone thing a tradition and they would spend all day kissing. He will never know if that's something Sherlock had planned; this case turned up before the new year begun in Kiritimati.
I caught him glancing at me with a shy expression on his open face, and I barely had time to blink before he opened his mouth for a brutal blow. I looked back at him, struck by the battle on his face between the soft and the hard, the curious and the unyielding, the admiring and the malicious. Or I passed him in a hallway, smiling at him with a greeting that only served to make him narrow his eyes. He paused for a second, but instead of greeting me back, he spat a deduction about the tragic state of my breakfast that morning.
“You shouldn't be here, John.” He didn't bother to look at me any more. “Just leave”, he added over his shoulder when he entered the hallway.
“Happy anniversary”, John answers, blinking his eyes open. Sherlock blinks back. “Remember?” John adds, crawling over Sherlock's body, making sure to brush his morning wood over Sherlock's hip in the process. “When I woke up one year ago, you were behind me like this.”
“That's the only way of having me, sorry.” His tone was callous. “Anyway, I should go. Big day tomorrow.”
Everything moves and then Sherlock's body is alive against John's hurting lungs. His neck is thin against John's forearms, his shoulder conceals John's face entirely if he presses hard enough.
Sherlock's stream of deductions an hour ago were like cloud cover shifting to pour sunlight over the world. Then he throws himself at the blade of a knife, and John knows that if Sherlock disappears now, John will spin away into space like a planet that's lost its sun. He suspects that Sherlock doesn't realise he's gambling with his own life, but what he definitely doesn't know is that he's also gambling with John's.
They pause, looking at each other. John’s eyes are deeply blue, and his pupils are enormous. Sherlock's traitorous heart beats faster, his breath comes shorter, and he doesn’t want to know about the state of his own pupils.
It is the dampest New Year's Eve of John Watson's life. Ten minutes before midnight he's jogging up a steep hill in the darkness, cold and annoyed and alone. It's a mild winter this year, but he isn't sure it's any better than a blizzard, with the fog coating his skin in a moist film and sneaking in through his seams.
I don't think I will ever be a skilled enough poet to properly capture a dance with Sherlock. It's like filling my arms with something that they have always emptily reached out for and never found. It's like fusing with another body, finding that it moves the same way as mine does as if they belong together. It's like flying.
“Oh.” John’s cheeks colour a bit. “I didn’t mean it like that. I mean, I wouldn’t have a problem with it, if that’s what you’re thinking. It’s all fine. It’s just that… well, I’d formed the impression you aren’t the kind of person who, you know. Who wants things like that.”
I wanted to taste his breath. I wanted to gather this unbelievable creature into my arms and hold him, give him whatever he needed. I wanted to hear him saying my name again.
The way William holds me – the almost desperate way that he kisses me… it's as if his life depended on it. As if he's drowning and I'm his lifebuoy. It makes something tender in my chest hurt. He is so confident, yet so innocent; so abrasive, yet so vulnerable. It's almost impossible to stop kissing and touching him when he is like that.
Holmes glided through the halls, inspecting the activity. Women sat in rows and sewed the last stitches on the costumes. Men worked on the stage, building wing flats, while others arranged rows of chairs on the former dance floor. Anderson stood with a group of composers and tried to finish the new ending in a rush, before the actors came in for rehearsal.
Words are as few as possible once John goes to brush his teeth, and the few words that are necessary feel loud and intruding, shattering the air and making it awkward. Even though they do the same routine every night, it feels fragile.
The thief was a good runner, but John was damned if he was going to let her get away after having stolen not only her mother-in-law's opals, but also the romantic evening he'd been looking forward to. He skidded down the hill after her, struggling not to let her black clothes blend into the darkness. They were a good distance from her house when he finally managed to tackle her into the dewy grass and call Lestrade.
Molly and Gregory woke up to Stamford's soft piano and his low humming words. The familiar notes that I hadn't heard in so many years made me feel calm and sure. The sleep deprivation and the satisfaction at having created something chased any nervousness away. I handed my friends glasses of water and they quietly accepted, no one wanting to interrupt the music that held the room in its gentle hands.
I slowly advanced on the stage that had been my living room for such a long time. Here was where Sherlock had smiled at me, here was where I had sung for him. Here was where we had put together the scenes that I had written with Sherlock half-naked in my bed. The hard soles of my shoes against the golden stage floor echoed through the theatre when the music diminished in preparation for my speech.
It's a part of being John Watson that he feels weird about fusing with the world of Sherlock Holmes. The few times Sherlock and Tori meet, it's always a disaster. Sherlock behaves as he does with every person who isn't John, and Tori doesn't understand why John wants to spend so much time with him. One time John tries to explain to her what he sees in Sherlock, but he has barely started before he shuts his mouth around the poetry pouring out of him. She won't understand.
Sherlock is slow in waking up. John keeps his eyes closed to savour the softness of it. Sherlock snuggles closer to John, his hands splaying on John's back, and John accommodates for him, tightening his legs on either side of Sherlock's thigh. His hand seems to slide into Sherlock's hair of its own accord.
argument. So he just asked the thief for the key to the gate in her wall, which she threw at him with a sneer.
Tori smiles back, thank God, but Sherlock glares at him. “I need your professional opinion on the cause of death, John.”
So in the end, it was me lowering myself onto him. He watched me with drooping eyelids. His jaw hung loose, asymmetrical lips looking lush, and his brows were twitching, fighting not to let his eyes close. My hands dug into his pectorals, his hands were clenching and unclenching on my hips.
A stuttered exhale – could be a laugh or a sob or something infinitely more complicated – blows against a curl. Sherlock's skin tingles where John's face is.
Sherlock didn't miss a beat. “Likewise, if I do not perform perfectly in this show, it will not succeed. And if the show doesn't succeed, Moriarty will have wasted his money anyway.”
By the seventh day, my heart was constantly pounding. Something as fragile as it was strong had settled in my gut, reminding me of its existence every time I drew air into my lungs. My chest tried to expand beyond the confines of my ribcage. It was a floating feeling, not all that pleasant.
It was common knowledge that the only way to Holmes was through Sherlock. Holmes ruled over the Moulin Rouge with his hand steady as iron and his face a mask of ice. Nobody knew why it was that Sherlock could break through the ice. But everybody knew the price of one night with Holmes' jewel, the Sparkling Diamond.
John carries Sherlock’s suitcase into their bedroom, and when he comes back, Sherlock feels strangely off-kilter. His hands tingle with want to reach out and touch John, but somehow he doesn’t quite know how to do it. John leads him to the bathroom to show off the finished renovations, and Sherlock tries to stand tall and aloof when all he wants is to creepup behind John and wind his arms around the sturdy little torso.
When I turn to sit down and rest my legs for a bit, I see that William is here. I didn't notice him coming. These days there's always a little jolt of happiness in my stomach whenever I see him, and I walk up to him, fighting an unexpected impulse to give him a hug. We share a few words; he tells me that Soling Jacob isn't coming tonight. Instead, William is going to play solo.
“How do you- Oh, never mind.” John slows down and points the electronic key at the iron gate. He presses the button.
The hot muscles and damp skin after our flight through the Moulin Rouge reminded of something erotic, and our already panting breaths spurred us on. The sensation of his hardness increasingly pressing against my stomach made me fight in vain to get him closer to me, closer than possible. His breathing grew louder, almost voiced.
It was a vaguely familiar tune but he was only humming at that point. I stayed in bed a little longer, revelling in his scent left in the room.
The cat is now lying in the other chair, sleeping and not caring in the least how Tori's day has been. John imagines her carrying out the sofa, Christmas tree and rug, sweating and trying to escape the smell by breathing through her cuffs. He remains standing, his arms crossed over his chest.
Twilight is settling over London. Neither of us moves to turn on the lights. The half-dark must make it difficult for him to see my face in the backlight from the windows; perhaps this helps when he keeps talking, voice soft and low so as not to disturb her.
When I couldn't do anything other than gape, he shoved his cock back into my mouth, thrusting shallowly. Though I was beyond coordinating any pleasure for him, fluid leaked out of him onto my tongue. It was so hot, the way he took what he needed and gave me everything.
He waved a hand dismissively. “Short cuts. They're everywhere.” He coughed, then flashed a smug grin. “At least for me, they are”, he added.
I tightened my arms around his ribcage hard enough to feel his lungs trying to expand against them. When I kissed him again, he swayed on his feet, and I remembered that he was still in his heels.
The rain pounds against the bus window and John is about to burst. He twists in frustration in his seat and blinks at the black window pane. Even in the blurred glass he can see the blush on his cheeks.
Sherlock feels warmer than he ever has in his whole life. His heart is thrumming when he stares up into John's face and sees John look back at him in a way that he knows, he
It takes less than a minute. He's vaguely aware that he's making pathetic whimpering sounds in the echoing room. When he tips over, it seems to last for an eternity.
I jam my hands into the pockets of my trousers, then turn my back to the door and look out over the valley. The view from the Liss house must be the best of the entire village. From here I can see most of the village of Drömme spread out beneath me, the lake with its surface quietly smooth in the night, and the forest-clad mountains on the other side. I can spot the dance barn in the middle of the village where we dance every Saturday night, and the school house I went to every weekday as a child. I can see the village hall, and beside it the large pile of brushwood that will soon become a Valborg bonfire. In the middle of the village, the church towers grandly with the façade shining in a loud white.
Sherlock bites his lip. He considers the enormity of having John’s body present beside him all through the night.
”, he said, and though I knew he was acting, my heart still clenched. I took a step forward, reaching a hand out.
Something warm and achy swells in the centre of John's chest, and for a moment he looks at Sherlock through the bluish night-lights of the bus that give his pale skin a secretive sheen. When John leans in for a kiss, Sherlock's other hand slides down to his breastbone to cover that aching warmth inside.
Sherlock, on a chair beside him, hadn't bothered dressing up for him this time. He wore his suit over a red shirt – the same shirt that he had worn the first time he kissed me. Feeling my gaze on his neck, he turned his head. His eyes were glowing, a secret smile hiding somewhere in the heat of them, before he quickly turned back.
“But I also do not trust myself not to beg you for more. Which is why I need there to be clear rules.”
Sherlock lit up by the moon like a spotlight. Moriarty in the shadows at the other end of the table. Sherlock smiling flirtatiously, trying to look small and stupid. Moriarty pulling his chair back and rising slowly, Sherlock's smile faltering.
Stamford was not directing the new ending. Gregory and Molly had to rehearse it, but my old friend was with me, repeatedly making cups of tea and trying to force them into my cold hands. I kept refusing.
“To surprise you, you git.” John gives a half-smile as he pushes past Sherlock in the doorway to enter the garden. “Turns out it’s a lot of fun, too. I found a blog about beekeeping with a list of flowers honeybees like, so I’ve planned the garden based on that. Come on, I’ll show you around.”
At eleven a.m., John is yet again interrupted in his morning tea and his newspaper with an attack kiss.
Paris lay outstretched by the elephant's feet, set on fire by yellow and red trees. It was beautiful, crisp and unashamedly colourful, vast and whirring with life. We were a part of it, so small at the centre of the busy city, and at the same time we were closed off, safe in the small balcony, in the small haven of one another's arms.
It's Tori. Her voice is trembling and breaking. For a few more seconds he's in soldier mode, asking where she is, but she says it's nothing like that. She sobbingly tells him how sweet he is and he frowns, hunching forward with his underarm on his knee.
His lipstick had worn off, the natural pink of his mouth matching the flush on his high cheeks. His eyes were closed, forehead creased, lips parted, when he lowered himself onto me. “Ohhh, John”, he mouthed, clasping his hands behind my neck, bringing our wet foreheads together.
While the doors are still closing behind them, John finds himself pressed up against the back wall. Sherlock's mouth attacks John's so fiercely that he nearly doesn't notice his fly being undone, until Sherlock's hand
“What?” I turned around. Sherlock had started unbuttoning his coat, looking back at me calmly. “You, uh…” I tried not to look at his neck when the collar parted around it. “You want some tea first?”
It becomes a game. Sherlock set up the boundaries because he wanted to feel safe, not because he wanted to test how close they could come to the limit without crossing it. Yet that is what it has become.
“The Virgin will be mine.” In his eyes, the grey castle outside the window towered, holding everything that could be and everything that would; holding cold rocks and icy jewels, holding pale skin and suffocating dresses, holding sprawled limbs and pale eyes turning away for some small escape.
“Crime scene”, Sherlock clips and turns his back to John, striding out so fast that John nearly has to jog to keep up with him.
“Quite. You will forgive me if I am slightly intimidated in the presence of such a man.” Sherlock's voice was throaty and panting. The man who asked me if I had been stationed in Afghanistan or in Burma had been altogether exchanged for this ingratiating person; not even the voice was the same.
They all glanced warily at Sherlock – all but Holmes, who proceeded to ignore him completely – but Sherlock just sat in his chair, glaring as the meeting continued. His body radiated restless energy, channelled in his scowl and his exaggerated silent displeasure at everything that was said.
; it shouldn’t affect him like this. Dirty talk is something he has never understood. It should feel silly and embarrassing – but not with John. John isn’t the slightest bit embarrassed when heearnestly tells Sherlock exactly what he’s thinking about.
Sherlock’s finger is tracing the skin of John’s belly, just above the waistband of his pants. John’s skin shivers under the touch. His spine is arched and he bites his lip. He looks deliciously wanton when he does that.
We start walking in time with the music, stepping on the first and third beat. Soling Jacob has begun to play one of my favourite tunes from Ore;
221B is more chaotic than he has ever seen it; it seems impossible that anyone could manage to mess it up this much in one day. Furniture is toppled over, shelves are emptied on the rug, sheets of paper are strewn over every inch of the floor, and Sherlock's hair stands out in every direction. It's outright unfair that someone can still look good after pulling their hair all day.
“I don't want to-” His voice cut off and he raised his other hand, tracing one of the braces across my chest, following the path with his eyes. “I miss you”, he breathed. “I don't want it to end.”
Sherlock turned back to the mirror, starting to sculpt his errant curls. “I never cared about the Moulin Rouge.”
“Sherlock”, John says quietly. Sherlock doesn't move. “That truly was extraordinary.” He looks at him, but Sherlock never turns his head, pretending John isn't even there.
He pushed off the wall and climbed the stairs hastily. Trying to get away from the memory of two bodies pressed against each other in that very spot, trying to get away from the words he placed in the still air of the chamber. Singing to himself – stupid.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, but he suddenly looks soft. Almost a bit shy. “It's tradition that we kiss at midnight on New Year's Eve.”
I've been trying to sleep, Mary told me to calm down and to rest but I can’t, because I just see him falling, he's forever falling, and his rainbow eyes are unseeing and there's blood all over me. The night air is stiff and silent and I've forgotten how to breathe. I can hear my lungs wheezing and I can't
He raised his eyes back to the mirror, catching the panic on his own pale face, coughing until his lungs felt destroyed. Those dark stains on the glass, they could be blood – but his vision was blurring.
“Sherlock!” My arms were around him the second he lost his balance. He was heavy and I wasn't prepared; I almost dropped him. His head was dipping backwards, and I clumsily lowered him onto the floor, kneeling and holding him in my arms. “Sherlock, what's the matter? Sherlock?”
Sherlock's eyes narrowed as the golden door fell shut behind him. His sharp gaze raked over me for a quick confirmation of what was already obvious to him; that I was not the rich and powerful duke he was supposed to meet and seduce. I was a penniless, retired army doctor who could never afford even an hour with him, all dressed up as a wealthy man.
? Don't you think I've been working all my life to be able to do something that matters to me? I tried to do it by myself, learned to read, stole books from libraries, studied what I was passionate about. Science, arts, performance – I was so stubborn, I couldn't bring myself to do what my brother did. But-”
Then, passion. Irene's hand slapped against Molly's above their heads, twirling the girl in front of her. Molly's wide, red skirt flew and stood out against Irene's black corset dress. Molly let herself fall handlessly into Irene's arms, I fell helplessly into Sherlock's, Sherlock opened his mouth for Moriarty's kiss.
To be fair, Sherlock did practise his lines with me. He learned them best when he was sprawled on my bed, dressed in his blue silk dressing gown, listening to the clatter of my typewriter. Sherlock was beautiful always, but I think this was the Sherlock I adored the most – the one who was sated and calm, whose make-up had slipped off and whose hair was mussed, who had left his favourite dressing gown in my flat for moments like these. He muttered under his breath when he read the script, a crease of concentration between his dark eyebrows, and he was mine. This Sherlock was only for me.
Two fully dressed bodies moving against each other in waves – sharply cut suit jackets – open trousers – mouths hanging open, feverish kisses cold from sucking in air – white shirts dangerously close to being stained – hot necks releasing scent and sweat – hips pushing into joined fists – sliding together – heat rising in cheeks – staggering and grasping and arching – “
I folded my arms over my chest, waiting. He arranged his beautiful, smooth face into as deep a scowl as he could manage, but I stood my ground, staring at him. With a pout, he finally ate the pastry.
So that's why you let me watch. That's why you waited for me to arrive until you jumped, so that I could play my fucking part in this insane game by having my heart ripped out of my chest. Screw you
I should have caught his slow but sure loss of weight, how every rib could easily be counted, how his wrists were nothing in my hands. I should have questioned why he never wanted to eat, not assumed it was common Sherlockian stubbornness.
“You know the strangest thing, though?” John says, trying to keep sounding innocent. “I'm pretty sure I took out the bin the same evening we'd had the prawns. Didn't want it to smell.”
The courtyard was dimly lit, the elephant dark and silent. My feet rustled the dry leaves covering the ground. I felt like the smallest man on earth when I stopped beneath the tower, shivering behind my upturned collar, hands balled into tight fists in my pockets. Slowly I raised my head.
The twenty-third year, Rosie brings home her first girlfriend. Sherlock hurriedly gets the goat blood out and it does earn him a sceptical look from the girl, but she stays. John is silently impressed and enjoys the way she steadily grows into 221B until she too is a part of it.
The waiter leaves, and John tries to go back to the flow of the date, demonstratively taking a bite of his food. Tori's smile has turned awkward, and Sherlock's glare has turned icy.
And then, one not-so-very-special day, I went to my typewriter. I sat down, and I wrote our story. A story about a time, a story about a place. A story about a lonely man with a forgotten voice, a story about a beautiful dancer with a forgotten heart, a story about what they found and what they lost.
. You could have turned him down, but no, you wanted that money. So you gave me to him to play his games, and you didn't even warn me.”
The fields of Sidensjö are filled with the charged anticipation that always comes with a night-wooing Sunday. The colours are clean and clear, the roads broad. The houses themselves look inviting and hopeful, waiting with bated breath. There are circles of candlelight in the girls' windows.
“Yeah, but also because I didn't recognise the feeling, because I've never felt it before. I've never felt that… connection to someone. I had no idea that's what love was. I had no idea.”
When I walk to Sidensjö with Mikael and Greger on Saturday, it's a feat that I manage not to break into a run.
When he finally came through the door to my flat, Sherlock had washed the evidence of his fever away. His hair was clean, stark red lipstick put a splash of colour on his white face, and thin black make-up lines around his eyes hid the exhaustion lingering there.
Reality seems to sparkle. They are afloat as if gravity has stopped caring about them, but at the same time it pulls them heavily together.
Lucky for me, he does have a list of items they need. Just when I have packed them all, the Detective Inspector from last night calls to pull me in for my statement. I am suddenly entirely unable to wait even a minute longer to get to the hospital. I brush him off brusquely, and when he insists I all but yell at him that I will come in later, LATER, just not now. It feels as though my heart has vacated my body and is currently waiting for me at the hospital.
Sherlock was in the living room. He was dressed in a pair of tight, black leggings and one of my old sleeping t-shirts. On his feet were a pair of ballet shoes I've never seen before. He was dancing.
“Boring”, Sherlock says theatrically, then there's a loud thump when he throws himself on his back on the sofa.
he had left after that. Imagine, he tells Sherlock, what eternity might wait for us after this one. In this world, he says, the memory of us will be forever entwined, and you and I, he says, well, who knows what we will get up to next. When we look back at this, he says, we will laugh at how we thought it was the end. With us, he says, it never is.
Sherlock walked up to him, leaning in close and answering with a voice as quiet as it was fierce. “You don't get to decide any more.”
Red windmill blades flashed in the corner of the eye. Slowly spinning, round and round. The blades passed hypnotically across the window frame, garish lights behind the dirty glass, stark against the dull, dusty summer air. They used to keep turning no matter what transpired in the foreground. On and on.
to be calm in situations like this. But this is too much. This happened when I wasn't there to protect him – when he wouldn't let me. And that first day, I. I pushed him to the floor. On his back. Jesus. “Who did this?”
He put the bottle back down with a clank, shoulders rising and falling with a deliberate breath. When he turned to me, he had composed his expression to an exaggerated sultry smile, one eyebrow arched. “Perfect.” Never breaking his gaze on me, he went over to the bed and lay down, his negligee falling open over his smooth legs. “Come here, then, and get it over and done with.”
One day, we found ourselves together on the sofa while watching telly. I don't know who got there first and who joined them, but it happened, and then it kept happening. And it's such a small step, it's debatable whether it's even a step at all, and if so, towards what.
She quiets, listening to my voice from inside my rib cage; listening to my heart too I bet. I keep rocking her gently in dance. When John comes back she is asleep again.
I locked eyes with Sherlock the second I entered the dance hall. We both tore our gazes away immediately. But however hard I tried, I couldn't get my body to move independently; instead, it moved in constant awareness of where Sherlock was, always angled towards him, always taking him in.
He just hadn't counted on how much it would change him. The day before, he'd had the chance to leave when things got too serious. But he had sat on the elephant's back, watching the night advance, and for the first time in more than a decade, he had felt true. He felt everything that he had ruthlessly locked away when he first fell into the simple oblivion of beguiling substances. And he had
. His eyebrows draw together in an aching emotion I cannot name; some combination of relief, gratitude and love is my best guess, but I have rarely observed anything like it, especially on John's face. Stoic, sturdy, collected John. I am humbled by the absolute certainty that no one has ever seen his heart on his face as clearly as I just did.
The music shifted and he turned to me slowly, stretched his hand out to me with the same grace. I took it and he pulled me in, wrapped his arms around me in my stiff coat that I still hadn't taken off. His skin was damp, his whole body hot against mine, he smelled of sweat and his chest was still heaving.
“Sherlock.” I tried to collect myself to deliver something calm. “I won't ask you to leave with me again. But we can do this, here, somehow. Because… You should know-”
I squared my shoulders so I wouldn't fall apart. My body was wound tight to keep the straight posture. “Yes, you have.” I stared him in the eye, but my voice almost failed me.
Their mingled breaths are hot and humid between them. Sherlock tries to stifle his quickening breathing, mindful of the suspect next door. John holds his gaze as if looking for something, as if waiting for Sherlock to… do what?
But that didn't matter. I furiously stomped down the rising jealousy; this wasn't about that. It was about something that Moriarty hadn't even taken into account.
' not humiliating enough as it is? Why would anyone in their right mind want to have a film crew following the proceedings and then show it to the entire British nation?”
They cook breakfast clumsily. Hand to lower back, chin to shoulder, fingers to cheek, foot to foot; each body refuses to leave the other without a point of contact.
“Yeah.” I tried to smile and shrug. “I guess someone like you wouldn't fall for a scarred, penniless man like me.”
Sherlock frowns. “How is this relevant? I have made an important scientific discovery, it is a crucial piece of data for the future science of deduction, and you want to talk about your boring clinic work?”
I heard Stamford release a long-held breath. I ignored the reminder that I was on stage, not taking my eyes off Sherlock. I ran after him and continued the scene:
He thinks about when he wanted John. How there was an invisible light around the little soldier, indicating that this was someone special. Yes, Sherlock had thought, if he were to be with anyone, it needed to be someone like this. Someone who appreciates what he does, laughs at his jokes, and takes care of him when he’s too stupid to do it himself. John wouldn’t make him crawl on the ground before him, and then crush him under the sole of his shoe just for the hell of it.
Before anyone could speak, a side door opened and Holmes came in. Sherlock groaned as the suited man slid across the dance floor, hard shoes against shiny wood. “Not
.” At the last word, there wasn't a trace of a smile on his face, the nickname spat out as if it tasted bad.
Sherlock's face was shut down. “Moriarty is doing me no harm. All he does is support me. If you don't want to witness my success, you might as well get out.”
He pushes the windows open as far as they will go. I take a few steps back and then spring forward. The bottom of the window is at the height of my head, but I manage to throw my arms onto the windowsill. William helps me when I heave myself up and climb into his room.
She followed my gaze. “Oh, don't waste your time”, she scoffed. “Sherlock can't talk about anything other than his own
“You're making a lot of assumptions there”, I tell him. “There's a difference between polska and halling, and you've only seen me dance one of them.”
But there is something more, too. The very gravity seems to have changed; John's small body now pulls Sherlock closer to him. A tiny new planet. When boarding the train, Sherlock's hands kept drifting towards him, caught by the gravitational pull, tangled up in an inevitable orbit.
Sherlock stared at me in outrage. “Oh, how dare you?” He got up from his chair. “It cannot wait until tomorrow.
It's not that the case hasn't been fun. In fact, the holidays have been packed with one interesting case after another. Sherlock has been excited and brilliant, and John's input has been crucial to the solution several times; they've been a good team. Not a bad way at all to spend a holiday.
“You'll figure it out”, John says with so much fondness in his voice, Sherlock immediately moves back into the mind palace bedroom, carefully perching the sound on the pillow of his old childhood bed.
The older woman leaned over the unconscious man on the bed, and when she stroked her hand over his oily hair, he started moving, gasping and coughing. He opened his eyes, rapidly wandering between the faces hovering above him, rare confusion glazing his always so sharp eyes. The whites in them were red, he was panting uncontrollably and on his forehead lay huge pearls of sweat.
Sherlock is asleep in his arms. His face is tucked against John's throat, his hand hangs loosely over John's back, his thighs cradle John's. It's been so long since John caught him like this; limp and peaceful, his sharp mind at rest. Even longer since John got to feel Sherlock's calm against his own body, the whole length of Sherlock's lean chest and stomach moving with easy breaths. He slides his hand up Sherlock's muscled back, breathing in the addictive scent of his hair.
Under both of their considering gazes, John lets his fingers curl in between Sherlock's, as if wanting to test how they fit together. Wonderfully perfectly, turns out to be the answer to this enquiry. Sherlock looks at their joined hands and tries to breathe normally, John looks at him, and then Father enters the kitchen and John lets go.
“Look, I know I’m a rookie. You’re the expert on bees. I just thought… you know, it’s a start. If nothing else, most of the weeds are gone now.”
He does remember. It wasn't even a dream; he woke up briefly, noticing the body beside him, turning over to lay his hands on it. But in his half-sleeping state he thought she was someone else.
I could barely hold myself back until I felt him clamp down around me. In my release, I almost cried in relief. I had gotten him back. I sang to him, and he heard me.
We had a late night yesterday at the dance barn. Soling Jacob seemed never to want to stop playing, which made it very hard to stop dancing. The sun was already up by the time I got back home. I'm paying for it now; I keep losing track of what I'm trying to say.
Sherlock's eyes meet his and seem to shut off before he turns away, returning to his laptop at the desk, not looking up when Molly and Greg enter.
I jump, throwing myself into a spin in the air and kick my leg up. My aim wasn't perfect, but good enough; my foot hits the hat and sends it flying across the room. I land clumsily on my feet and everyone cheers.
“Just stunning, dear. You go on apply some of that lipstick again – I'll sneak a peek at the stage.”
“Oh, yes”, he agreed. “He is talented, which is of course why I indulge his fantasy. We need him.” He stopped and looked over at Moriarty from under his lashes, and his voice dropped into a purr as he took off the other glove. “But only until tomorrow night.”
She already knows my scent, my sounds and the touch of my hands. Now her eyes tell me that she wants to know the way I look, too. Somehow this feels like the ultimate test.
His old swing is still up. Sherlock sits down on it in a burst of childhood nostalgia, not caring about getting his trousers wet. He feels John's fond eyes on his face, so certain and unwavering that Sherlock feels safe to look away and trust them to still be there. He tilts his head back to gaze up into the quiet canopy above him. The fresh green is still wet from the rain.
Neither has John. I know he has worried about attachment and connection; that if we ever did find his child, she would somehow be less his because he wasn't there throughout the pregnancy to speak to her. I knew, however, that this was the least of his concerns. If we caught Morstan before she gave birth, or found the child after the event, the baby would know immediately that John was someone she could trust. His voice is soothing. It's curious to me that he seems not to know this, but then again, I never did tell him.
Something stabs in John's gut before she goes on. She doesn't know how it happened. Nothing had been going on before tonight. John's voice has gone sharp and flat when he asks what she's trying to tell him, and she tells him she slept with him.
221B Baker Street is exactly the same. Sherlock's eyes feel full and prickling. John presses closer from behind him on the landing and strokes his hand over Sherlock's stomach.
It swirls and tingles over the whole front of the body, like endorphins leaking in through their clothes to soothe the pain in the solar plexus.
I've spent some time in my father's workshop too, of course. Assisting him where needed and practising my own wood-carving techniques. The most exciting thing that happened all winter was when he let me start working on making my first fiddle from scratch. It's really not as easy as his competent hands make it seem.
John grins at the memory of the strange case, the completely missed moment of the new year's beginning, and above all, the glorious morning after. “You know that was just a roundabout way of telling you I wanted to kiss you?”
When the door shut, he stood on weak legs, pulled the sweat-smelling dressing gown closer around himself and walked to the large mirror on the wall.
Now I feel bad. That wasn't a very nice thing to say, and William is my guest, no matter that I didn't exactly invite him. Too bad he didn't seem to hear the fondness in the undertones of my voice.
They lock eyes, and the moment drags on. The soldier bites his lower lip in consideration, hesitation, or perhaps outright deliberate teasing, and his eyes flicker down Sherlock's outstretched body again.
They haven't stopped touching for a second. Getting into the cab was awkward, and for a moment the only point of contact was their hands. John got in first, then gripped Sherlock's hand hard while he ducked into his seat. They slid together, each shrinking their body to hide in the arms of the other.
I rose onto my knees and Sherlock scooted back on the bed, working swiftly on the buttons of my shirt while I undid my trousers. When we got to his dress, neither of us had any patience left with the miles and miles of small buttons, and he ripped most of them.
Sherlock was with me all the time. I missed him, all the time, I loved him, all the time. Mary is kind and we have fun, sometimes, she is… life. But Sherlock is a part of me. She knew it, and I knew it, and it was fine as long as he was dead.
John never refuses him. And every time John does dare to hug Sherlock without a particular reason, Sherlock welcomes him. John's fears settle back where they belong, just a faint simmer low in his gut. Closed in Sherlock's arms is where John Watson is supposed to be, and though in a way it makes no sense, it's also the only way the universe makes any sense at all.
I was surprised to observe that in exposing one's heart, the heart is easier to heal. The realisation that you did not want me back in your life caused me unspeakable grief, but I worked on accepting the fact that my life would go on without you.
I was sitting up against the hard steel of my headboard, staring into thin air. I tried to move as little as possible, because when I did move, the pain was excruciating. It felt as though I had an actual open wound in my chest.
Sherlock's breathing quickened fast, making him cough when he broke away. I saw him when he twisted out of Moriarty's embrace and hurried back inside the hall.
Holmes stopped in the middle of the room, watching the scene from a distance. Martha was dabbing Sherlock's forehead with endless care, the doctor worked in grave silence.
He tries for a moment to wish it was Tori lying there, but no. She thought he'd actually take her back once again. It's only been a day and he can't remember why he took her back the first time.
He was so beautiful in the light from the setting sun. The way he was sweating in my shirt, his slim waist completely disappearing inside the wide fabric. The way his thigh muscles worked above the high shafts of his boots. The way his face was smooth with relieved bliss, the way he moved to take his pleasure from me inside him. The way he didn't hold anything back, no sigh, no sound, and no words. He let them all spill out when he neared the end, praising me and promising me and loving me.
“I love you”, he whispers, and John watches his otherworldly face; his eyes are closed in bliss, the lashes black against his bluish skin when he moves closer for a kiss.
Suddenly, he took off sharply to the left, ducking under a staircase. I followed him through the dirty space, looking up in surprise at where we had ended up. I knew this room; it was close to the entrance and the dance hall.
.” His voice dropped and his eyes sparkled. “Naughty poetry, this is what I want. Ohh-” His head tipped back, and his open mouth took on a little smile.
The force of Sherlock's orgasm lifts him off the bed, a series of screams tumbling out of his gaping mouth.
Sherlock's head was thrown back, and it was increasingly hard for him not to moan. I dropped my mouth to his throat, gasping for air, both of us losing coordination, fumbling, trembling, grinding. “Come on, John.” His voice was rough and deep.
When I look up at him we lock eyes immediately. He follows me with his gaze as I dance around him, his bow in perfect time with my feet. I tear my eyes away from the intense concentration in his, trying to focus instead on the dance.
At this point, Sherlock was rolling around so violently that he fell off the bed, his moans far louder than my words. “Oh, oh,
She stirs on my chest. I look down and see her face contorted in displeasure. She is about to wake up and is not happy with the state of matters.
I straightened, turned on the spot and marched over to my typewriter. I sat down, I rested my fingertips on the keys, and I looked around. The window to the balcony was open, and a breeze rustled the thin curtains, making the sun's gold dance on my walls.
John stops in the doorway, not wanting to interrupt him. Sherlock feels his presence, and without turning he changes the music into one of his John compositions. John swallows, for a moment unable to look at him.
The emptiness of the sofa gapes in the corner of John's eye after dinner. No Sherlock yet. If John sits down now, he'll have plenty of room, unlike last time. But he should wash up first. Oh, and he should wipe down the sink and the table, as neither of them do it particularly often. And have a quick look through the fridge to see if there's anything that once was food and now needs to be binned.
He gains speed as he talks, barely pausing for breath. He mentions my hands several times; really, I can't understand how he could pay them such close attention in the middle of the busy dance floor yesterday. When he's finished, he snaps his mouth shut. He rolls his lips in between his teeth, biting them in what could be nervousness. I can't imagine what on earth would make him look so apprehensive after all of that.
I trailed off. Sherlock's hands were roaming over his own body, hips squirming, and he was moaning loudly while I spoke. “Oooh, yes… that's
Sitting down, Sherlock's whole body tilted to the right as if trying to soak up the glow from the little soldier beside him.
my sexual favours; he also holds the deeds to the Moulin Rouge.” I lowered my head, shaking it at the floor. “He will destroy everything if I don't go to him.”
I do not need her admiration. I do not need her gratitude. I do not even need her to ever tell me she loves me.
“Don't!” Sherlock blurted, making Moriarty look back at him in mild surprise. Sherlock tried to smooth his voice when he frantically improvised: “… you… just… love our view?”
I dance for a long time before William lowers his fiddle, bows his head at Soling Jacob and walks off the dance floor. I quickly thank my current dance partner and leave her when Soling Jacob begins to play solo.
In the cab home, both our hands were lying on the seat between us in this awkward angle, but neither of us moved. Him saving my life was certainly enough intimacy for this evening.
A frown appeared on his forehead when his breath cut off. My own windpipe closed up in terror when I watched him struggle to do something as traitorously simple as breathing. I would have given him my own breath if I knew how, but all I could do was breathe his name.
It's not that I'm ashamed or anything like that. I just wouldn't know where to even begin to explain what he is to me. Somehow, I think that's something that can make sense only to me and to him. Because yes, I'm pretty certain he feels it too.
I think we need to speak now, Sherlock, but I don't think I can. There's this thing, though, that Harry and I did when we were kids and had a really bad fight, and I thought maybe we could use it now. Sometimes it was too painful to talk something through or apologise to her face, so our mother came up with the idea that we write to each other instead. We'd sit at the table and slide the note back and forth between us, until the air was cleared enough that we could actually speak.
“Oh, he will find it eventually.” Sherlock placed the paper roll in the hollow of the Bible. It fitted perfectly.
He can feel Sherlock through two layers of denim. Sherlock makes a sound that John can feel all through his chest. It's shockingly intimate that a part of Sherlock which he claims is uninteresting, now presses shamelessly against John; a silent prayer for
Sherlock rests his forehead against John's, breathing quietly, seeming uncertain in a way that doesn't belong in their lazy mornings. John bumps the tip of Sherlock's nose with his own in a silent
“You still do not know whether you will fall for me. And I…” Sherlock closes his eyes. “I fear I will fall for you quite spectacularly if this goes too far.”
“Okay.” I nodded to myself, trying to convince myself that it was. “Okay. I'll be waiting here.” He grabbed the waiter's coat from where he had tossed it onto the bed earlier. “Sherlock, I love you.”
The lines on Sherlock's face have turned deeper, coming out to frame his face whenever he smiles. Somehow this makes his smile brighter and John finds himself staring. Sherlock glows like a sun and he just grows more and more beautiful, and he looks back at John as if he knows exactly how John feels. Rosie watches them and John hopes that she will see the way they glow for each other, and decide not to settle for less herself.
so infinitely artful – sensual – when he plays. Science made into a breathtakingly beautiful art. His body and his mind coalescing to handle his fiddle.
apart from each other without having to say it. We don't need the pressure of our old anniversary right now. He got into a cab, and I saw him smiling to himself when it drove away. It made me smile stupidly when I started walking home.
He keeps loading John with stuff he needs out of his hands (and John stands there like an idiot, letting himself be cluttered). He constantly lets his hands fall onto John's body when he's close enough (and sometimes John looks in surprise at his own hands resting on Sherlock, realising he does it too). When he explains things to John, he stands inches from John's face, staring into his eyes as if that will make John see everything that Sherlock sees (and the weirdest thing is, when John looks into Sherlock's pale, shimmering eyes, he thinks it works).
She is thirty minutes old and remarkably light in my hands. Five pounds and eight ounces, give or take. Markedly below the average birth weight, although still within the normal range. But learning a fact is one thing; experiencing it with my own senses is a different matter entirely.
”, William says. He follows me to a large pine tree with a thick crown, quickly undoing his own shirt. I put my shirt on the ground by the trunk to keep it somewhat dry, then start working my trousers off.
When I pulled back, he didn't really see me through his open eyes. His loud breaths subsided slowly. A shadow moved over his eyes, covering his soulful irises in darkness.
Details start to slip his mind. At one point, he becomes aware of holding John's head between his hands. Crushing John against him as though they aren't close enough, as though they aren't actively pressing themselves against each other. He wonders then if he is doing any of this right. He wonders if he should do something more for John,
Sherlock smiled, something small and real, until the door opened and his expression changed into a sneer. A tall man strode into the dressing room, wearing a grey three-piece suit with a blood-red tie. He held his large nose high, giving off an air of superior indifference, and in his hand he held a folded black umbrella for no apparent reason – I, for one, have never seen him step outside the Moulin Rouge.
Sherlock does eat. Gracefully – now that's a word John has never before used to describe someone eating. Sherlock is all quiet movements, lifting his fork with a slender hand, leaning his head forward, taking the bite delicately into his mouth. His thumb sweeps across his lower lip, brushing some sauce away. John is fascinated by that mouth, how it's at the same time asymmetric and perfect. Sherlock's features have a strange pull about them, the candlelight bringing out his dramatic angles. Sherlock tilts his head, his pale neck long and smooth, a curl casting a sharp shadow by the hollow behind his ear. Somehow it all fits; the perfect curls, the sharp cheekbones, the elegant neck, the posh clothes with the straining buttons. It's all
Everything had stopped around us. We were alone in the middle of the stage, and everyone stood frozen around the edges, staring at Sherlock's limp body in the middle of the rose-petal sea.
There was blood on the towel but it wasn't hers. Not wanting anything to do with either the scene I found her at or the people who had been there before me, I left the towel behind. Instead I put my scarf around her – soft silk and cashmere against her still-sticky skin – and then took off my suit jacket to wrap her up in it.
The next date lasts for about thirty minutes, before Sherlock barges into the restaurant to drag John with him on a case.
I have never kissed anyone before. Neither has William, I'm sure. It's a sweet secret hidden on my lips, and it's wonderful to think of William hiding the same. I imagine him in Sidensjö this week, with his family, with his fiddle teacher, carrying my kisses with him on his own lips.
I would have been foolish trying to lie in front of those penetrating eyes. Well, if he wanted to be up-front about it, I could do that. I spread my hands out from my sides in a helpless gesture. “Yeah, I want you. I'd be crazy not to, you're the most interesting and beautiful human being I've ever met-” I spoke quickly, hurrying ahead when Sherlock's eyebrows rose. “But I don't want to have you because I'm paying you.”
A heavy grunt, and a moment of time standing still. In the middle of the floor stood Gregory, eyes wide with shock, and Sherlock caught limply in his arms.
We managed to stay serious for almost one second, but I saw the twinkle in his eye when he heard the innuendo, and I couldn't help laughing. We tried to quiet our giggles, leaning forward to each other, foreheads touching. At once, my hands were at his waist and his arms were resting on my shoulders. I felt his body shake with silent laughter, dissipating the tension between us as if it had been nothing more than smoke.
Sherlock was standing by a dressing table, looking into its round mirror and applying rouge to his cheeks. His suit jacket was tossed onto the bed, leaving a midnight-blue shirt and a pair of braces that framed his back beautifully.
They were standing on the balcony. Sherlock's pale shoulders and diamond necklace shone against the stone façade and the cold night sky. Moriarty stood behind him, face pressed into Sherlock's neck, spine and shoulder blades, stealing warmth that Sherlock couldn't spare.
When the midsummer pole ring dances are finished, Drömme spelmanslag starts playing inside the village hall. It's getting quite hot, so I only dance a few dances, sweating in my black trousers. Again, it's easy to see who is going to lie in whose bed on the night-wooing the day after tomorrow. Liss Anna and Mura Bill dance at least six dances in a row with each other; it's all very scandalous.
I don't know what that means. And I don't really feel like talking to you about it. So I'll just say: Goodbye, Sherlock, at least for now.
Sherlock keeps flirting. He cannot help it; the overwhelming evidence of John’s attraction to him crushes every wall he has built. For ten years he has kept his sexuality firmly locked in a little box, and it has never been difficult to keep it there. A single sentence from John –
John has lost count of how many people he has kissed, but he has never, he now knows, kissed someone he loves. “Oh my God”, he breathes.
“No, I got what I needed”, Sherlock said. “We'll continue tomorrow.” I rolled my eyes at his shameless assumption of the role of director. “Good day.”
“Sherlock Holmes”, I whispered shakily back. For the first time, I felt him explode under my hands at the same time as I did.
John is silent for a moment. “Yeah. No, I can’t imagine stepping back at this point without knowing…”
Sherlock had forgotten what it’s like to feel desired. He had forgotten how it changes everything. It changes the way he holds his spine and his shoulders, the way he steeples the palms of his hands together, the way he touches the tips of his fingers to his full lips.
When I stood on the edge of St Bart's roof, I realised that love would indeed be my downfall, but in a different way than I had predicted. Although I was later in denial about the fact, in that moment, I knew there were no guarantees that you would wait again. The idea that you might not have any more patience to give to me was excruciating, but even then, I did not regret letting you in. You had not consumed me, even though you could have easily done so; you had treated me exclusively with kindness and respect, and through you I had learned to be joyful without being afraid. In having you, if only for the briefest time, and then losing you again, I saw that a life of loneliness and cold was not desirable. The conclusion I came to was baffling; even if it meant my destruction, I did not regret melting the ice around my heart. Not even when I came back far too late and suffered the consequences of an exposed heart did I regret doing that.
“Ready to start?” Stamford asked, and Molly nodded, breathing in deeply and relaxing her shoulders as she exhaled.
With this chapter I'm going to recommend three songs from the original movie soundtrack: the scene where Nicole Kidman sings
The morning of Midsummer dawns warm and soft. I wake up to the voices of my mother and Harriet singing
“I know you do. But this'll be fun too, I promise. Just you and I, taking it easy, enjoying a good movie night.”
In his cluttered dressing room, Sherlock's face twitched in pain. He closed his eyes to escape his reflection in the dirty mirror, trying to keep in little moans when the corset increasingly pressed in on his lungs.
“Sleep”, he whispers and locks his arm around my chest. I feel his heartbeat behind me and my eyes burn against my closed eyelids.
Sherlock shrugs. “It doesn’t matter now. I have detached myself from my sexuality, and I rarely suffer because of it. The Work is rewarding enough.”
. His mouth kept caressing me, and I shoved him back into mine, all finesse gone. Then his finger slid over that spot again, and my head fell back.
I was so old, those first months back in London. I looked young to the world, and that made me feel terribly isolated, all alone inside a body supported heavily on a cane and with a hand too unsteady for surgery. It had taken so little time to turn from a hopeful medical student with a blooming creativity into this hopeless shell of a man.
The broken sculpture on the floor crunched under Moriarty's hard shoes. He stopped in the middle of the mess and raised his face, finally looking at Sherlock straight on. Sherlock fought not to reveal his trembling. His breath was ragged in his throat, his lungs hurting with the effort not to start hyperventilating.
John has never been cheated on before. He's an honest person, a good person, and has just assumed that will prompt honesty and goodness in his girlfriends. And Tori and he were happy. Less than a week ago, he had cooked her a delicious meal with prawns and curry that turned out surprisingly good, and she'd told him no man had ever cooked for her before. She had lit every candle in her flat, and they had eaten the dinner while planning their first trip together. When they'd had sex, she'd come three times.
