That pitying look Pete had shot him, the night he'd danced with Sherlock. That expression that said, so clearly and uncomfortably,
He takes another sip, and wishes he'd told Sherlock, even just once, how much he'd loved him. It might have meant nothing, or it might have meant everything. He'll never know.
Molly lifted her head. Her gaze found his, then skittered away. She took a breath, seemed to steady herself. "You asked me to come," she said. She shrugged a little bit, as if to say
John caught him, his arm looped around his waist, laughing a little into Sherlock's mouth (oh, that was what John's laughter tasted like, that was
"Then maybe you ought to hop up there and—er—touch it gently," John says, before he can help himself.
He opened his mouth, shut it again. Moistened his lips. His face had gone quite warm. "Yes," he said. He cleared his throat. There was a smile pulling at the edges of his mouth. "I think so. I hope so."
He'd said too much. There was no denying it, no getting around it. He'd been drunk, and comfortable, and all of the things he'd been so very good at keeping buried had come bubbling right up to the surface. He supposed he ought to consider himself lucky that it hadn't been worse.
John put his hands in his pockets, hunched his shoulders against the chill of the night. His breath puffed in front of him. In spite of the cold, he was not uncomfortable.
There. At least now, when she inevitably ruined her dress, no one could complain that they hadn't gotten any pictures.
," Sherlock said, and suddenly seemed galvanized into motion. He threw open the car door and disappeared into the swirling storm.
They'd settled in. They'd established new routines. John discontinued his blog and took to tweeting about Sherlock's cases. Sherlock professed himself endlessly grateful for the character limits. It had been good—better than he'd dared hope for. Better than he thought he'd ever be able to have. They'd carried on like that for nearly a year.
His stomach lurched sideways and he stumbled on the top stair, paused to lean against the wall, put his head down. The plastic bag bit into the flesh of his palm.
She is sitting cross-legged on the sofa, balancing her laptop. She has been browsing job postings. Again.
"Come out for Christmas?" Harry had asked a few weeks back, as they were ending one of their periodic, obligatory phone calls. She'd laughed a little, after she'd asked. It had been an odd laugh; dry, sardonic, as if she already knew his answer but felt compelled to go through the motions anyway.
John looked back at the cakes. Red velvet. Lemon. Bloody wedding white. It was all getting to be a bit predictable, really.
"None of this," John says. "None of what you've said explains why the horse is here. Why he's locked up in this tiny little barn with dye on his face."
He hires a car anyway, because he is determined, now, to see this through. And because he cannot bear the thought of getting on a train back home, spending another several hours in the close company of a stranger. Not yet. He will need to work up to that.
Sherlock's hand on Janine's back. He'd once placed his palm in the same spot on John's back, had carefully and patiently coached him through the steps. They'd swayed together behind the closed curtains overlooking Baker Street. Sherlock's breath had been warm in John's hair, and John had tried very hard not to think about the steady thump of Sherlock's heart, the familiar inviting scent of his skin, the fact that his own impending wedding had felt strangely distant and unimportant.
"Someone special," John added. He thought about the wardrobe of bespoke suits he'd found, the porcelain skin and arrogant face of the man in the newspaper photographs. "Or. Or are you more the different-girl-in-every-city type?"
John tilted his head, studied him for a long moment. "It's Moriarty, isn't it? That's what's frightening you. Has been for a while, I think."
He pushes the thought aside, climbs into the little bed. He opens the window and lets the night air rush in, rain-damp and sweet-smelling.
"This is not the time to be having this conversation," John said, his eyes sliding away. "You're in shock."
Sherlock blinked, took an instinctive step backwards. "I'm not frightened," he said. His voice did not sound quite as certain as he'd have liked.
He hesitated, debated the merits of refusing. She would inevitably invite Mrs Hudson along, and Lestrade, and he'd have to listen to the three of them nattering on.
Whatever Sherlock finds on his face seems to be enough. He steps on the gas, his truck's much-abused engine roaring, gravel spitting and popping beneath the tires.
"No, look, I've got a bit of a game planned," Lestrade said, looking quite pleased with himself. "Hopkins here was kind enough to help out."
John blinked, torn between wanting to laugh and wanting to shout. "Hang on, don't you think that's a bit hasty?"
If asked, John would say he tried. But he did not try. Not really. He knows that. It is something he has to live with, if he is indeed going to live. Sherlock had needed him, and John had called him a machine. Sherlock had been a desperate voice on the other end of the line, and John could not talk him down.
"Yes," Sherlock said. He thought about the dried water stain under Rosie's window, about John's stricken face there in the doorway at Baker Street. Thought about what it would take to frighten John enough that he'd ask for help.
"Is this the part where I'm expected to tell you I'm in love with you as well?" Sherlock blurts, just as the silence between them grows too uncomfortable to bear.
There'd been no sense in his mentioning any of that. It would only bring down the mood. And he'd been having a lovely time, truly.
Sherlock looked at him. His eyes were very pale in the firelight, nearly colourless. He was quiet for a very long time. His silence had weight.
"Oh, I scrubbed the table down," she said. "He'd just live in filth if you let him get away with it."
They went out together into the hall, stepping quietly. John was alert, bright-eyed, his shoulders squared. Ready for anything.
Something deep in his chest is wrenching, tearing. He fears he may never be able to put himself right again.
"Listen," John said, stepping out into the aisle. He stumbled a bit over something on the floor, kicked it out of the way.
Sherlock scoffed. "She has tremendous aptitude for sport, it's unlikely she'll be used to her fullest potential in an analytical role."
The front door opened and shut—at least she'd finally got over her habit of knocking—and her footfalls on the stairs were rushed but not panicked. Ergo: apologetic about being late, but not worried. The apology would be issued to John, not to Sherlock, as it was John's shift she was meant to be relieving.
But John had stared at him for longer than necessary. And he'd been bristling with irritation over Belarus, over the case that wasn't worth his time, over the traffic he'd sat in on the taxi ride back to Baker Street, over the sheer miserable number of dull people cluttered up on the face of the earth, and he'd looked at John looking at him and John said—
Evan looked untroubled. He was older than John remembered him, his face lined and deeply weathered in the dim light. His hair was grizzled, unkempt, badly in need of a cut. There was something unfamiliar in the twist of his mouth, in the slope of his nose, and the air left John all in a rush as he realised.
Rosie woke from her nap just before four, and he left the television on as he prepared her an early dinner. His headache had mostly abated.
"Don't. Don't let me off the hook. I should have called, John," she said. "I was a shite friend not to."
At that, John had lifted his head. Sherlock had spoken often of his brother Mycroft. He had never mentioned a sister.
"All right," he breathed, and he did not know if he had damned John with his words or saved him. His initial plan would have been cleaner, neater. But he did not have the strength to turn John away again, not now. "All right."
John lifted his head, looked at him. Sherlock did not even try to hide his own face. It was obvious, the things he felt. He was a beacon. Hiding his face would hide nothing.
The restaurant was no longer quite so crowded. The last lingering diners were finishing their meals, their conversations low and hushed.
Tangled in a web, mouth open in a silent scream. The spider drew closer, legs making faint wet ticking sounds as they dragged along the damp threads. It was heading for his mouth, he knew. His gaping, horrified mouth.
seemed almost larger than life. There was nothing bland or predictable about him. John very much wanted to meet him, to see him in person, walking and talking and filling his own natural habitat. There was something strangely endearing about the mess.
He looked around at the crowd of unfamiliar people in an unfamiliar city. All at once, Baker Street, and Sherlock, seemed terribly far away.
wondered," Sherlock murmured, looking down at the ground. He felt inexplicably like laughing, though it certainly would be inappropriate.
It was the best possible outcome. Somehow knowing that did not stop him from occasionally imagining a different outcome entirely.
your colour," he said, stepping aside to let her in. She clasped a walking stick in one trembling hand, and it clicked against the lino, reminding him so strongly of John for a moment that he doubled over, his vision swimming, his gut churning.
His pocket buzzed. He sighed, took the phone back out, woke up the screen. Blinked when he realised that Lestrade had not sent another text message. Instead, he'd got a Facebook notification.
She held his gaze for a moment longer. Then she nodded, wrote something in her notebook. "I'm going to need contact information. In case we have any further questions."
They were standing much too close, Sherlock thought. He should step back. That would be the polite thing to do, wouldn't it? He seemed to have forgotten how to act around John over the course of the last year.
He pulled the laptop towards him and woke up the screen. He scrubbed at his face with the palm of his hand, looked at the messaging program he'd left open overnight.
John stood and started towards the kitchen, but paused as he reached Sherlock's chair. He looked down at him with that same fond smile playing on his lips. The fading sunlight caught his hair, painted it golden.
Sherlock blinks. It is not what he expected John to say. "She's a toddler," he says. "Strong desire for independence paired with limited coordination. It's to be expected."
He ducked his head away from her accusing stare. Prepared a bottle of formula for Rosie, who permitted his attention for a moment before snatching the bottle away and cradling it in uncoordinated hands. She grinned triumphantly at him.
John told himself when the third week rolled around. He found himself studying the clock, painfully aware of the time, unable to focus on anything else.
She liked to go out. He couldn't blame her, really. People liked that sort of thing. Going out. Having a good time. Pubs and clubs and restaurants. Seeing and being seen. He liked it too. Sometimes.
He knew he should not encourage it, but he had stood stunned and blinking while a stranger with Sherlock's eyes had pointed a gun at him and fired, and he had
He thinks of Hattie's lover, quietly standing by while she spoke to them. The way he'd finally gone to her, put an arm around her shoulders. The way she'd melted against his side like she'd been made to fit there. The scars on the man's face, his hands.
Sherlock lets out a frustrated breath. "Must I spell it out? My bed. It's far more comfortable than the sofa and—even more importantly—doesn't contain a toddler performing whatever acrobatics pass for sleep these days."
Sherlock's hand went to his throat, tugging. Without thinking, John batted them away, took the silky scrap of fabric between his own hands. He gently worked a finger behind the knot, loosening it slightly.
Sarah will know. She will suspect. He behaved strangely towards Mary, and now Mary is gone. Might be gone. What has he done? What has he
"It wouldn't change—" John stopped. "Well, no, of course it would. But. Even if I—even if we did—go. You're still—you're still my best friend, Sherlock. That's not going to change."
John sets Rosie's little backpack down on the ground against the wall, goes through the door into the kitchen. Places the takeaway bag on the worn scuffed tabletop.
Sherlock suspected. He ran into trouble when he tried to voice them. It was not his strong suit. It never would be.
There was too much to look at, the strange and macabre cluttered up on shelves and against the walls, demanding his attention. One oddity after another, all of which might hold some clue, some bit of information he could use. Things that might mean everything, or nothing, and no way to tell for sure.
John had thought, looking at him, sudden panic flooding like ice water through his veins because this was more than just sex, this was more than just attraction, or companionship, or whatever the fuck else he'd thought when they'd first fallen into bed together.
John held his gaze for a moment longer, then looked away. Swallowed hard. "We should play a game," he said. "Grab the newspaper."
"Nonsense," she says. "It's past midnight. Anything you need to do can almost certainly wait until tomorrow." She pauses for a moment, just to be sure he's not about to voice another objection. When he says nothing, she allows herself a small sigh of relief. "I'll make you some tea."
"There's still a chance to get it right," he says. His heart thumps unevenly as he speaks, though he is careful to keep his voice level, measured. No sense in letting John think he's lost his head completely. "We can get it right this time around."
John lifted his head, listened to the creaking groans of abused wood, the patter of distant water. Thought about the snow on Sherlock's shoulders, and Arthur Bell at the window looking out at the storm. "We need to get out of here," he said. "Before the whole thing comes down on our heads."
"I saw the milk," her voice was soft. "In the fridge. Had some with my tea this morning. I know it wasn't Sherlock, getting him to go to the shops is a bit like pulling teeth, and it definitely wasn't Mrs Hudson—she's barely been up here since I moved in. So. Must have been you."
"Meeting you changed me for the better," John says. "And losing you was—um. It took me a while. Mary helped. A lot, actually. But the thing is, Sherlock, you were always there."
The distant sound of the screaming child was much louder now. It was, he realised, coming from inside John's flat.
There was a small desk by the window, piled with stacks of yellowed papers and more books. He glanced briefly through the papers—a dense and inexplicable collection of notes, calculations and what appeared to be hand-written sheet music.
A smile tugged at the corner of John's mouth and he looked away. Christ, but Sherlock was dramatic about his hangovers. He'd almost forgotten.
"Showed some of her work to a man who fancies himself a curator," Mycroft gave a theatric roll of his eyes, folded his arms across his chest. "He proved remarkably willing to lap up the story of a tormented genius locked away in a tower, too fragile for the world. He's calling the exhibit
"Right," John said. He swallowed, looked down at the ground, at his own feet against the lino. Thought about the expression on Pete's face that night in the studio. He thought it might be a long time before he got that look out of his head. "Tea?"
The display in front of him blurred. He shut his eyes, sucked in a breath through his nose. Rosie shifted in his arms, restless again. His shoulder had started to ache. She was getting far too heavy to carry for any length of time.
They set off at a slow walk. John lets himself fall a stride behind and watches them, Sherlock and Rosie, as they move side by side. She steals glances, he notes, and when Sherlock reaches to flip up the collar of his coat, she mimics the motion with her own.
Behind him, Lestrade and Molly were giggling quietly about something. Mrs Hudson was humming along with a tune on the radio. Mycroft took a sip of his drink, the ice clinking against the side of the glass. The fire crackled.
He did not miss her. Not really. The knowledge made him uncomfortable. He did not like to think about it. He still grieved her. He still woke up some nights, drenched in sweat, remembering the wet bloom of blood on the front of her shirt, the way she'd held his gaze and gasped out her last words. He still talked to her, sometimes, even though he no longer saw her ghost lingering in doorways.
He wound his way through the crowded tables, took his place on line. His hand trembled. He was not particularly hungry, but he'd had to—he'd had to get away. Harry had a way of getting under his skin, of prodding at the sore bits he preferred to keep hidden.
He set his pastry down on the table, not bothering with a napkin. Fruit filling dribbled out onto the wood.
"Sherlock," John said, feeling like the ground had dropped out from beneath him. He shook his head, hesitated. The flat looked exactly the same as it always had. It felt disconcertingly like he had stepped back in time.
"John," Sherlock says. "I realise that you have little cause to trust me. But I—I had a very good reason to do what I did. I swear to you."
"I'm sorry about Mary," Sherlock said. "I don't believe I ever really had the opportunity to say. Well. Perhaps I did, but I—there were. Other concerns. At the time. But I know you'd rather it had—that I'd been the one to—"
The flat was quiet. The walls seemed closer, somehow, the wildly clashing wallpaper pressing in on him. He clenched and unclenched his fists.
And it might have been easy to accept this substitute, months ago, scraped raw as he'd been. But not now.
"Irene Adler," John said, feeling irritated and cornered even with the open door at his back. He could not seem to keep his mouth shut. He never should have returned to Baker Street, never should have come upstairs.
And Sherlock had kept it. He'd kept the stupid red balloon with its stupid drawn on face, and he'd left it in John's chair even as it withered and drooped, even as Sherlock himself had begun to wither and droop.
A pause, and then Sherlock began to giggle again. The sound started out small, then built until John could not help but join in. It felt good to laugh. Something tight relaxed in his chest.
The hallway smelled achingly familiar—dust and old wood and papered walls. He breathed it in for a moment, tears stinging at the corners of his eyes. Then he flexed his hand and went up the stairs without further delay.
John squeezed the phone in his hand. He could hear nothing but Sherlock's steady breathing. He sounded calm, ready. Unruffled.
And he'd thought, just for a moment, about the way Sherlock had looked at him when they'd first met, the way their eyes had caught and held from opposite sides of the lab.
"I won't ruin your suit," John said. He brought his hand up again, smoothed it over the lapel in apology. Part of him wanted to wrench the jacket down over Sherlock's shoulders, split the seams, tear the expensive fabric, trample it into the ground.
"SIS. You're talking about MI6. You're—" he stopped again, the brief hot rush of excitement fading as fast as it had come on. "You're having me on."
"Come on," he'd said, swallowing hard and stepping forward, putting his hand on Sherlock's arm. "Let's get a drink."
The waiter fussed over his table, replaced the bread basket when the supply ran low. Tried again to recite the specials.
"Mary is nice," John says. The lie falls flat between them, and he knows it. Mary is not particularly nice. Mary is smart, and she is witty, and she makes him laugh, and her sharp edges make her a ruthlessly effective producer. She'd been the most interesting thing in a studio full of terribly boring,
Sherlock does not know what to say. He is frozen in place, pinned by the weight of John's stare. Is he meant to offer comfort? He is not quite sure what John is trying to tell him, though John seems quite affected by his own words. Perhaps commiseration would be appropriate? Lestrade's squeaky brake
He glanced up at the reception desk. Sarah had still not returned from the offices she'd disappeared into.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock had said. He thought of John next to him in the ambulance, John with his face pale and shocked and Sherlock's hand gripped tightly in his own. "You told me not to go after him and I—didn't think."
Mary had said, and she'd still looked so very sad. But hard, too, like she was steeling herself for something that was going to hurt and determined to make it through to the other side.
to be comfortable, he supposed. But her real feelings on mothers' groups were a mystery to him, as were her real feelings on most everything else).
John smiled again, because Arthur Bell didn't know the half of it. He did not bother to correct him. Arthur would not care about the bullet that had sent John home, about the bleak days and weeks that had followed. Nor would he care about Sherlock, about Mary, about the life that John had built and lost. The life he'd walked away from.
This is not a happy ending. This is John clinging to the familiar amidst a sea of change, clutching at the waterlogged scraps of his foundered life and trying not to drown. John is only here because he believes he has nowhere else to go.
"We've 'cleared the air,'" Janine said, making exaggerated air quotes with her fingers, her voice curving sardonically around the words. "She's
John squared his shoulders, deliberately did not take a step back. "Pretty sure everything's fine, mate."
And so I leave them here: imperfect, but striving towards happiness. And, most importantly, together.
He picked up the remote, flipped through the channels until he found the news. Told himself he was not looking for Sherlock.
John was different, these days. They both were. It was to be expected. Simply sharing rooms again could not recreate the past, could not erase the damage the last few years had wrought.
Molly smiled, nodded. She seemed a little relieved to have Rosie to focus on. "She's changed so much."
"I see," John said, because he did. He thought of Rosie, alone in her cot with no one to come for her. She'd be crying. She'd be hungry. He was all she had, and she deserved better than that. Someone would hear her. Someone would—surely someone would go to her.
"All night," John says, stubbornly pressing on. "All night, you were trying to spare me. Yeah? And it never occurred to me that maybe I should have been sparing you."
He adds a third box of biscuits. Goes down the aisle towards the cashier. Smiles as she coos over Rosie. He bags up his shopping, pushes Rosie out through the door. It is getting dark.
All of that effort, John thought. All of that effort to reach Molly, to contact Mycroft, to go through unexpected channels. And now to ask Sherlock to risk moving, to
John sucked in a surprised breath, his mouth opening under the unexpected assault. Sherlock's eyes were squeezed shut, his forehead creased as though in pain. His mouth tasted of salt and vinegar. His lips were soft, clumsy yet insistent. His fingertips pressed hard against John's skull, holding him in place.
Most tellingly (and disconcertingly), he is quiet. Sherlock is never quiet, not for long, not when caught up in the thrill of the chase.
"They're very happy," Wiggins added hastily. He tugged at his collar. "I mean, they will be. Very happy. Hopefully. Well. Maybe not. Does anyone today really still find marriage all that necessary? I'll bet for every person here who thinks marriage is important, there's another who can't help but feel the chains wrapping ever tighter around their throat—"
On Friday morning, Mrs Hudson shows a woman into their sitting room. She is tall and slim, her dark hair pulled back into a neat twist. She is well-dressed and reasonably attractive, at least as far as Sherlock can tell. He can see nothing wrong with her face.
John was curled forward, his forehead resting against Sherlock's clavicle. His face was scrunched up, as if in pain. He moved his hand rhythmically, his thumb sliding over the head of Sherlock's cock and that was too much—too much—he couldn't—
They'd only been able to offer locum work, but it was a busy practice and he frequently found shifts to cover. One of the other physicians had a small child, and had recommended a reliable sitter. Rosie seemed to find her agreeable. He'd ignored the small pang of guilt that came from wondering if Rosie was
John opened his eyes, looked down. Sherlock was sprawled ungracefully on his stomach, one arm extended, his left wrist held between John's fingers, the other flung up over his head. His legs shifted restlessly against the duvet.
"The struggle was brief. Vicious." Sherlock swallowed, his gaze flitting around the room as he tracked John's probable movements. Stumbling over the coffee table would have been enough to bring John roughly to his knees, his assailant falling forward with him (assuming he maintained his grip). They'd have rolled. John would have kicked out, it was a small room and his foot would have almost certainly impacted the television stand—he hesitated, looked at the shattered television where it had fallen, and yes, that fit. "The television struck the assailant on the way down. Not enough to incapacitate him, a glancing blow based on the positioning, but enough to allow John to retrieve his mobile. I suspect he was in the process of dialing 999 when—" he stopped again.
Blood roars in John's ears. His heart thuds against his chest. His face burns, his lips tingle. He looks up at Sherlock, clears his throat, takes a half step back.
John cleared his throat, went on talking. "So. Alice with the wine memes. I think I can handle that."
Sherlock could keep him. He knows that. The wild waters of the last tumultuous year have receded and left John beached and gasping and scrambling for purchase on familiar ground. He will cling to the dubious comforts he has found, and will not venture out on his own again.
"Where's the fun in that?" Janine asked. She went down the hall towards the bathroom. "Just going to fix my hair. Be back in a jiffy."
The jeweler had certainly greeted Sherlock like an old friend, thumping him heartily on the back and bringing out endless arrays of rings for him to examine.
Sherlock does not respond. He watches as John's chest rises and falls, the motion evening out, growing deeper, steadier. After a few moments John's head tilts gently to the side, his mouth falling open. He emits a faint, rasping snore.
"I'm going to need someone to cover my shift," he said absently, moving towards the window. He pressed himself against the wall, peered through the dusty blinds.
Sherlock stood, knees creaking, Rosie an ever-increasing weight in his arms, and made his way towards the sofa. He skirted around the toppled coffee table and crouched down again by the evidence of the spilled drink.
John does not hesitate. He lifts the lid, peers inside. Stares at the gleaming sensors, roughly the size of golf balls, that are piled right up to the brim.
"Then," Sherlock said. A slow, pleased smile spread across his face. It made him look younger, utterly charming with his mad hair and still-flushed skin. "I believe you promised me a week. With certain necessary modifications to the original plan, of course. I think it could work. If—?"
Years ago, on a similarly cold and clear Christmas Eve, they had stood outside Barts morgue together, blowing smoke up towards the sky.
Sherlock took the stairs two at a time, his knees popping, his heart sinking. He'd forgot. He'd forgot all about it, it had been
John laughed, cupped his hand at Sherlock's nape, drew their foreheads together. Breathed for a moment before releasing him, standing up.
he had meant Mary and John, of course, he had not been including himself in the equation at all. Except the way John had phrased it had seemed to imply—
"Should we be watching the exits, or—?" John is slightly out of breath. He has broken into a jog to catch up.
"I'll take that," Jim said from somewhere behind him. The cheer had gone out of his voice. He grabbed at the bag, yanking it out of John's grasp.
He picked up the cane and looked at it for a moment, smiled. Set it aside. Unpacked his laptop and set about reconnecting it to the dock.
"Yeah, the wine's awful, isn't it?" Lucy said. "I made that same face when I took my first sip. The second cup goes down better. Or maybe you just care a little less by then." She let out a little hiccup of laughter, nudged him with her elbow.
He lifts his head, meets Sherlock's gaze. Holds it, even and steady. "She's lost her husband. She's grieving, and now she's—well, now she's got to come to terms with the fact that he wasn't the person she thought she knew at all."
He set his tea down on the little table next to his chair. Looked at the bookshelves, the stone fireplace and mantel. The skull grinned blandly back at him from its new place of honour.
There were footsteps, soft on the carpet outside his office. He sat back in his chair, schooled his expression, set the keys on top of the worn surface of his desk.
Harry went on smiling at him. He could not quite make sense of her expression. "Maybe you're looking in the wrong places."
Sherlock cut his eyes towards the rumpled little bed against the wall, sheets askew where he'd kicked himself to his feet after his nap. Looked back at John. Raised his brows.
And now—the strange muted peace that has followed. John, quiet and unhappy. He is home, but he does not seem at home.
"Obviously?" John had asked, with a half-incredulous laugh. He couldn't think of anything less obvious than a sudden desire to spend a week with his sister.
John sighed, did not respond. Everything Sherlock did was a spectacle. That was just the way it was.
angry. I didn't want you to come back, I wanted you to have never left at all. I wanted—I don't know. I don't know what I wanted."
Sherlock's arm bumped against John's as they made their way back up towards the street. John did not pull away.
Sherlock made a noise in the back of his throat, almost as if he'd startled himself. Stepped back, his breath loud and unsteady.
Christ, it felt like something had died. Like a part of him had died, without him ever even noticing.
He'd spent a few moments thinking about the drugs he did not want in the hiding places no one knew about. And then his phone had moaned—Irene, with a birthday greeting—and he'd welcomed the distraction. He didn't text her back, of course, but running through several hypothetical exchanges as an intellectual exercise had kept him occupied for nearly twelve minutes.
"Right," John says, because he feels he must say something. The device in the box looks like it has been Frankensteined together out of countless ill-fitting parts. There are wires jutting out of the back. It looks nothing like a functional laptop. It looks like a bomb. "Er. Great. Thank you."
The commenter was a woman. Someone named Julie. He'd looked her up months ago, when he'd first started his research. A solicitor, he recalled. Not someone anywhere near the wedding industry, but perhaps he'd missed something.
Sherlock, on the floor in the morgue. Not fighting back. Sherlock, frail and helpless in a hospital bed, Smith looming over him. Killing him.
And if he'd found himself frowning down at his phone in the evenings, checking for messages that never materialised, well . . . it was only because he'd been worried that Sherlock might find some reason to interrupt his holiday.
"What are you playing at?" John asked, finally, when it became apparent that Sherlock was not about to volunteer any information.
"I'll call for takeaway, yeah?" Lestrade said. He patted his pocket, frowned. "And—er—I'll just flush this."
There was no sense in it. He already knew how to stumble his way through a waltz without making a fool of himself. He had no reason whatsoever to return, week after week, to Pete's little studio just to watch Sherlock tread all over Janine's toes and pretend to be rubbish at dancing.
His frantic, roving gaze alit on a door just to the left of the bar, likely a little supply cupboard or staff room. He put his hand on Sherlock's back and nudged him in that direction, moving quickly.
"If something happened, if he's been taken, we need all the resources we can get. We'll need access to CCTV footage outside the flat, we'll need to interview neighbors to see if they heard anything. It's proper procedure, Sherlock, I can't just—"
"Well," Sherlock said, after a time. He cleared his throat, looked down at the ground. "I suppose we all have regrets. Even you."
John's throat tightened. He clenched his fists, then carefully flattened his palms against the table.
Christ, now John wondered if perhaps he ought to feel guilty over it. How much of an active role was he really expected to take in all this? It wasn't
"All right," John said, and held his hands up in a placating gesture. He was smiling, a bemused little thing that pulled at the corner of his mouth. "All right. It's just—this. Wasn't how I expected this conversation to go."
Well, John had mostly given up trying to decipher the expressions on Sherlock's face. The man was a master of self-control, he gave nothing away.
"No," Sherlock said. He did not stand up, did not pull his gaze away from Victoria's face. "I'm rather partial to the green."
John was sitting on the other bed, back against the wall, reading. He glanced up as Sherlock's bedsprings squeaked.
feeling left out, but not because of—not because of Mary, or Rosie or all that rot about changing priorities and missing the past. You're not jealous of the case. It
He went further into the flat, noted the bold, clashing wallpaper choices, the mismatched furniture, the jumble of laboratory equipment on the kitchen table, the thick layer of dust coating it all. The flat smelled faintly of must and old books, the overall effect not entirely unpleasant.
"She is, isn't she?" He spoke slowly, wonderingly. Looked back up at Sherlock with damp eyes. There was something in his expression that looked almost—pleased. Surprised. Almost like hope.
John had almost reached out, had almost sent a text. He'd had his phone in his hand, had Sherlock's name pulled up in his contacts before he'd even thought about it.
Sherlock has spoken through a mouthful of dry toast. He has one hand cupped under his chin to catch the falling crumbs, and one eye pressed up against the microscope.
John did not react, the words clearly taking a moment to sink in. And then he laughed, tipped his head back, his face creased with amusement. When the laughter faded, and his gaze returned to Sherlock's face, his expression was serious.
"I'm—not—is it all right if we don't talk about that?" he said. He looked down at the rug, all vivid reds and uneven edges. It reminded him, uncomfortably, of the pool of blood in his dream. Sherlock's blood.
It was almost three hours before he heard movement, the hiss of the pneumatic doors. He lifted his head, looked up at the guard hesitantly approaching the glass.
Against his chest, Rosie's cries slowed to miserable whimpers. She clutched at him, seemed to not care that he was, for all intents and purposes, a stranger.
"Marriage, specifically, John. He wasn't pushing for them to date. He had a reason, a particular reason for wanting his son to enter a legal arrangement with Ms Turner, and it had nothing at all to do with the fact that she's a woman."
Nothing. Sherlock had said nothing. He'd nodded, made a small sound in the back of his throat, looked away.
He imagines Sherlock next to him in the passenger seat, watching him with sharp eyes. He thinks that Sherlock would find this entire thing a bit stupid, a bit inexplicable, and the thought makes him smile.
"John," Pete said. His smile was warm and John could spot the moment he recognised the name, saw his eyes flick quickly to Sherlock, saw him connect the dots. His brows lifted. He looked chuffed. "It seems we have celebrities in our midst. Have you ever done any kind of dancing before?"
"Right," he said, finally. His face had flushed up hot. He turned back towards the door. His cane clicked against the marble.
He wanted to walk, wanted to tug his coat closed and move until his muscles burned, until his cheeks were red and stinging from the icy January air. Until his thoughts were no longer so jagged and painful, until Mary no longer kept pace at his side.
The North Pennines, John thought. That's what Evan had once told him. He'd grown up on his family farm in the North Pennines.
I know that this is—this is a shit thing to lay at your feet, Sherlock. It's stupid. If I want—" he paused. Pushed on. "If I want something from you, I should just say it. But I can't. Do you understand? I
Sherlock still had not spoken. His eyes were quite wide. There were tiny cuts on his hands, thin rivulets of blood where the glass had bitten. He hadn't wiped it away.
He lingers in the doorway, watching, but no one opens the door to retrieve the plate. After a moment, he sighs and steps back into his own room, shutting the door behind him.
"Because I love you," he said finally. "I'm given to understand that these things are not always rational."
He'd looked at her, at the sheen of sweat on her face, at the bleary glaze in her red-rimmed eyes, at the tan line on the ring finger of her left hand, and he'd made his deductions.
anything. Irene was never going to pack up and slot neatly into 221B. She was out there, in the world, living her own life. If that life occasionally and fleetingly intersected with Sherlock's, then so be it. John could live with that. He could. He
"Sherlock!" John lets go of the beam he is hugging and lunges for Sherlock, gets his arms around his waist again and drags him backwards. Sherlock's back presses against his chest, cold and clammy in his thin wet t-shirt.
Sherlock cut off that line of thought. It was not helpful. It did not matter. What mattered was John, standing in the doorway with a grimly determined face and a problem that needed solving.
John's hands on his face, cradling him, thumbs moving against his cheeks. John's mouth on his, soft and warm and wondering, their breaths mingling.
something. He sat down to write out Christmas cards (better late than never, yeah?), caught himself signing the second one
Sherlock is silent for a long moment. When he speaks it is in a slow, careful voice, devoid of inflection. "You believe me incapable."
"Oh, lovely," Mycroft had said from behind his desk. He'd stood up, offered a thin smile, more pained than polite. "I had no idea I was expecting guests."
John had said nothing. He'd looked up at the ceiling and he'd clenched his fist. The room was warm, too warm. Something wrong with the forced air. There was a room service cart pushed against the far wall. The crowded smell of sweating bodies and half-eaten food was overwhelming in the heat.
"MI6?" Her voice was incredulous. "Certainly not. Although I am very well-connected. A lady has to look after her own interests, wouldn't you agree?"
Rosie jerked in his arms, startled, and he was immediately sorry, whirling away towards the door with only the most fleeting glimpse of Sherlock's face—shocked and hurt—whipping by.
"We're just going to have to wait," John said again. He sniffed, looked down at the gear shift, at his bare hand cupped over Sherlock's gloved one.
He smelled good, John thought. New shampoo, maybe. Or cologne. And that was—that was a distractingly unnecessary thought to be having.
She looked between them, then back to Sherlock. Her eyes had cleared, hardened. The nervousness was bleeding away, replaced by frustration. Excellent. People were far less likely to hold back when angry.
They rode in silence for some time. As the helicopter began its slow descent towards London, Mycroft slipped his phone out of his pocket, looked at the screen, made a pained noise.
John's blood pulsed in his veins. His muscles were tensed, coiled. He felt ready for anything. He felt the corner of his mouth curl up into a small smile as he climbed. His hand tightened where it gripped his gun.
He stood up, paced around the coffee table, very aware of Lestrade and Molly lurking uncertainly in the periphery.
"She knew the police would come, and so she dyed his face," Sherlock muses. "Clever, really. Her father was quite adamant when he spoke to the police that Silver Blaze was not on the property. Which, as far as he knew, was true."
"And why wouldn't you believe that? It's obvious, now, looking back. Sharing a room with your daughter is not an acceptable long-term solution. Of course our living situation, as it stands, would have an expiration date."
They went down the stairs and out into the cold. The sky was still clear, the stars bright. Only a few hours had passed since he'd stood in the same spot with John.
Something in John's chest wrenches and he looks away, presses his aching knuckles against his mouth so hard his teeth dig into the bruised flesh.
"Sherlock," John said, because now he couldn't get the image out of his head, Sherlock bound at the feet of Irene Adler, looking up at her with a slack stunned expression and his eyes gone wide and dark—
Harry had taken a job as a barista at a cute little coffee shop. She shared outrageous stories about customers that had John snorting with laughter and Rosie giggling at her exaggerated expressions and voices.
"Jesus," John said. He pinched his brow, shut his eyes. When he opened them again, she was still watching him keenly. "What's your plan?" he asked her.
The brass door knocker had been askew, after all. It wasn't as if Mycroft was lurking about upstairs. And even if he was, it would be very unlike Mrs Hudson to conspire with him.
because you think that you—" he stops, tips his head back, breathes out through his nose. "I don't have any expectations. You don't have to—it's fine. It's all fine. I just wanted you to know."
"Ah," he said, suddenly wishing he could be anywhere else. He threw a desperate glance down the hall towards the bathroom with its stubbornly closed door.
They kissed slowly, comfortably, without the rushed nervous heat of the night before. John ran his hand down Sherlock's side, his fingers teasing along his ribs, and smiled when he squirmed.
There was a man at the desk, bending slightly to speak with the receptionist. He was tall. Thick dark hair, long coat. Not Sherlock.
He did not pester Sherlock to speak, comforted by the sound of his continued indrawn breaths. As long as he was breathing, there was time. There was hope. He could be helped.
The rescue team—and, presumably, their embedded assassin, if such a person truly existed—would arrive to find Sherlock's hiding place deserted.
Sherlock was silent for a long time, save for the steady rasp of his breathing. John could almost imagine the wheels turning in his head, the furious whirling thoughts in his feverish brain.
Sherlock's eyes snapped back to meet his. There was a furrow between his brows, a disturbance on his otherwise placid face. He shifted towards the console, then stopped, tilted his head.
Janine turned to the door, tossing a saucy grin over her shoulder as she went inside. "Oh, none of that. I promised I wouldn't kiss and tell this time. But—oh—maybe I make
He abandoned the kettle. There were syringes rattling in the nearest tea cup, all promising a better kick than caffeine.
"I think Rosie would like it here," John says, after a time. His voice is quiet, a little hesitant. He turns back towards the glass, his expression distant.
Sherlock resisted the urge to strike the steering wheel with his palms. Such displays of emotion served no purpose. There was heat creeping up the back of his neck, a strangling sense of desperation and helplessness and John was
He stopped, because Mycroft had stiffened slightly where he stood. His lips pressed together in a tight, thin line.
"No, he is," Sherlock said, raising a brow and tilting his head towards the jeweler. "But I was hoping for a second opinion."
And the moment he'd rounded the corner to see Sherlock and Janine, tucked into a quiet alcove, dancing. Sherlock had been insulting her, of course, but that had not mattered all that much. He was Sherlock, he insulted everyone.
Sherlock was quiet as he unlocked the door to the flat. They went upstairs without speaking, stood regarding one another in the entryway.
"Oh," Sherlock says. And then, again, as the realisation takes hold, crashing over him in a wave of considerable dismay. "
Sherlock stood, then stooped down to help John to his feet. He stayed close, his arm looped around John's waist, supporting him.
"Chemical analysis on a man recently killed at a holiday party," Sherlock had said. He'd glanced up, a meaningful glance, and his lip had twitched. "Poison."
He left her flat, went to Baker Street. Stood in Mrs Hudson's weed-choked back garden and smoked a cigarette. The sky was grey, the air heavy and damp.
"I'd wanted to kiss you at midnight," John pursed his lips. "Thought about it for ages on the train."
Sherlock patted helplessly at her back, turned to study his surroundings as he did so. The top bar of the cot was chipped, worn in places. He bent to look closer.
A small fill-in-the-blanks scene showing Mycroft at Sherrinford, which was cut when I decided to tell the entire story from Sherlock's perspective.
The wind shrieked and howled. It was, for a moment, easy to forget that he was still standing on a footbridge in the heart of London.
He wants to walk back to the idling car, slide into the back seat and direct the driver to leave. He does not want to be here as the engines fire up, as the plane gathers speed down the runway, as it disappears into the sky. He does not want to watch as it shrinks, becoming just a glint of silver off the horizon.
"All right," Sherlock said. His voice was tired. "You win, then. Congratulations. Now just get it over with and leave John alone."
Eurus had arrived barely a year later, similarly small and red-faced and furious. Vulnerable too, no doubt.
"Handy." John cut himself off, not wanting to shout while holding Rosie. Already she had sensed his rising tension, was squirming in his arms, pushing against his chest. He lowered his voice. "What's this all about? You decided the last engagement ended too quickly? Time for another go?"
He was close, now. Very close. John could feel the subtle heat from his body, could hear his quiet breaths. The noise from downstairs seemed very far away.
"What's he ever done for us?" John asked, bracing his hands on the counter, the phone tucked against his ear. "He does what he wants, damn the consequences. And he just expects the people around him to pick up the pieces. He—he—" he did not know what he wanted to say. His throat burned.
Sherlock barked a laugh, the sound brittle and sharp. He looked away. "Is that all it took to have you unlock the door? Loneliness? Your deduction is flawed, John, because—"
"Yeah, well," John says. He shrugs. His palms have begun to sweat, but he cannot wipe them against his jeans without Sherlock noticing. Sherlock notices everything.
"Well.“ Mycroft said, after a moment. He looked down at his half-eaten apple tart, back up at Sherlock. "I’ve had the guest room prepared. I imagine you’ll be wanting some rest.”
And yet, if he were to be arrested now, he'd likely never know what happened to Sherlock. He'd spend the rest of his miserable life wondering if he could have done something differently.
"Great," John said. "Yeah. All right. Because that clears everything up." His knees had begun to ache and he shifted against the rough grey carpeting, looked at Mycroft.
His skin was flushed hot, sweat-damp and sour. His stubble rasped against John's face. He did not close his eyes.
been angry. At some point he'd been angry enough to want to destroy the disc. He'd started to do so, had stopped. Something had stopped him. Sentiment. He'd not gone through with it. He'd kept it.
Instead he let his mind carefully weave a possibility, a gossamer thread of a scenario that might have happened, a fragile moment lost in time where John, unguarded and sleepy, perhaps let himself drift off there on the sofa. Where he perhaps tipped ever so slightly to his left so that his head bumped up against Sherlock's shoulder, so that his steady breaths puffed warm and humid against Sherlock's neck.
He breathed in an unsteady breath. Looked at John again. John looked back at him. There were tears in his eyes, but he was smiling.
"Poor choice of words," Sherlock said, looking away. "Avoid like the plague. I'd actually quite like the opportunity to examine samples of plague-infected tissue, with proper protective equipment of course, but—"
"Strawberries in the champagne," Sherlock said. "Did you really expect it to be that easy? I came looking for you, not the other way around."
He did not look out the window at the passing scenery. He did not think about crumbling stone, about slick treacherous darkness. He did not think about wagging tails and cold noses, did not think of noise and heat and licking flames barely glimpsed through hazy smears of smoke.
"This is a terrible idea," Sherlock said. John in his heavy parka, John with his brave face and his Semtex vest. John's broken voice parroting Moriarty's words
Sherlock was perched in his chair, knees under his chin, eyes closed, when John made his way into the flat.
"You know, I don't actually want to talk about this," John said. "Why are we talking about this? It's not doing any good."
"I cheated on you," he said, instead. He looked down at his empty glass, unable to face her. "There was a woman on the bus. She—she smiled at me. That's all it took."
"Sherlock is not a spy by trade," Mycroft said. His voice had softened, his tone regretful. "An opportunity presented itself and he agreed to help. I dare say the operation has dragged on far longer than any of us could have ever anticipated."
Sherlock's eyes went very wide. He stilled, breathing hard, waiting. John could feel the live-wire tension vibrating in his frame.
She'd made tea. They'd sat down at a little wooden table in her kitchen. Sherlock had looked around.
He heard Mrs Hudson retreat, tutting to herself. A squeak of springs as she settled into John's chair.
"We're stuck," John said. He was still shivering. He felt like he might never stop. "We're just. We're just going to have to wait it out."
Sherlock lurched backwards, tumbling out of the bed and onto his arse on the cold wood floor. His mouth was cotton dry, and the scream that wanted to force itself out of his throat would not come.
Sherlock opens his mouth to respond and realizes he has no idea what to say. The idea that Harry Watson had been worried about him is absurd. Why would she be worried? He'd been nothing to her. Just a flatmate. Temporary. Transient. Other than the inconvenience of sorting out new living arrangements, why would she care whether he lived or died? Why, of all things, would she be moved to ask her Abominable Brother for a favour on his account?
Sherlock stopped at the door to John's flat, brushed his knuckles against the wood in a gentle knock. The door nudged open. It had not latched shut.
to do this the easy way. Guess I'll just have to kill you instead." He made an exaggerated sad face into the rear view mirror.
He took her out of the high chair, cleaned her up in the sink. Then he brought her into the sitting room, set her down on the floor among a pile of toys.
Rosie had wrapped the bear's head with a bit of cloth and appeared to be performing some sort of rudimentary field surgery on its abdomen. She extracted a fistfull of cottony stuffing in a triumphant fist. One of the other children screamed.
He let the phone drop down to the sofa cushion at his side. Scrubbed his face with his hands. Sighed. His laptop was still open on the coffee table, the screen dark. He pulled it towards him, woke it up. Looked at the email from the London realtor.
"Now that we're a few weeks in and all—hopefully—familiar enough with the basic steps, I'd like to switch things up for tonight's lesson," Pete said. "I'm going to ask everyone in this room to switch partners."
"John—" she started. There was something soft in her voice, something like pity. He wondered, with an uncomfortable twinge, how much of his poor night's sleep showed in his face.
Since the corpse would offer nothing of interest until Molly got to the stomach, he focused his attention on her instead.
Behind the house were men, shouting indistinctly. The roar of engines, staccato beeping. Large equipment being driven into place.
He passes penguins, stoic and inscrutable behind glass in their artificial winter wonderland. He breezes through the jellyfish exhibit with its garish neon colours, past endless glass walls of impossible blue, not stopping where Mary gasped her last breaths. He tries not to think about it. He is unable to avoid doing so. He remembers everything.
Sherlock allowed himself to be led into the kitchen, obediently put his hands under the tap. Lathered them with soap. John stood next to him, watched rust-coloured water circling the drain.
like the life had been sucked right out of his body, his eyes wide and stunned and his face frozen. And just as quickly he was masking, he was hiding, he was rearranging his face and his body language into something far more neutral, something utterly indifferent, and if John hadn't seen it, if John hadn't
The suspect was just ahead, barely visible through the snow. Sherlock's eyes streamed from the cold. He had lost Lestrade ages ago, when they'd startled the suspect out of the skip he'd been hiding in. Sherlock had taken off in pursuit, and though he'd heard Lestrade's heavy footsteps and shouts behind him initially, he'd been quickly lost to the howling wind and thundering race of his own pulse.
and had indicated his intent to do it again. And for that, Sherlock had shot him. Had shot him in full view of witnesses, damn the consequences.
John's heart wrenched at the thought of Rosie, Rosie who he'd put down to sleep in her cot and who would surely have been roused by the sound of a struggle. Rosie, who had been left behind. He'd almost given up without a fight. Another parent, dying on her.
He thought of Mary having parents out there, somewhere, never knowing what had become of their daughter. The thought was unpleasant. It twisted deep in his gut and brought to mind unwanted memories of Eurus leering behind glass. He pressed his lips together.
Rosie dropped the bottle again. This time it rolled off the edge of the tray and clattered to the floor. She strained to reach it, tugging against the straps that held her in place. She began to cry.
They all blurred together, bland worried faces, poorly lit and slightly pixelated through the webcam. Faces on the screen, reaching out from home, from work, from the corner café. About as far from the blazing hot immediacy of the battlefield as possible.
Sherlock glanced up at him, startled. Whatever he saw on John's face made his eyes darken. His pulse jumped in his neck.
He returns to his flat, triumphant, with the victim's pink suitcase in tow. There is a particular kind of high that comes with being exceptionally clever, and it has left him feeling incandescent. He wants to impress, he wants to be praised, he wants to show off.
Sherlock glances at him, looks away. Thinks about the strange expression on John's face when he'd said
"This is the dress," Sherlock said, seemingly oblivious to everything but Victoria. He ghosted his hands down her sides without actually touching her. John swore he saw her shiver. "It's perfect."
He catches Sherlock's eye. Raises his brows. The sunlight filtering through the window paints his hair in shades of gold.
The glass shattered. It rained in on him as he was flung forward. He covered his head, his bad shoulder bashing against the seat in front of him.
"What—" John said, crowding Sherlock until his back hit the wall, "—was that? What do you think you're doing?"
John wondered if, perhaps, Sherlock had a new perspective on the topic of estranged sisters. Though Harry, even if she'd occasionally wished him dead in her darkest moments, had certainly never tried to kill him.
She paused again at the sound of his voice, reached out one small hand to paw at his nose. Pinched. Wrinkled up her face in disapproval when he flinched back, let out another shriek.
She blinked. She knew he loathed repetition. The fact that he'd spoken his words a second time had made an impact on her.
Sherlock breathed in, and when he spoke again his voice was rapidfire. "You'd have wanted revenge, of course—your entire team betrayed and murdered, your life snatched away in an instant. But it's difficult to exact revenge when you don't know who betrayed you. So you kept your head down, kept working, did whatever you were paid to do until suddenly a gift dropped right into your lap. Too good to resist."
"Sometimes they need coddling," Sarah said. "Not all the time, but sometimes. And that's—" she stopped, pursed her lips. "Look, John—I understand that veterans sometimes have difficulty—"
Sherlock turned in a slow circle, gestured at the room. "You think they had a bit of a scuffle and then, what, both decided to go their separate ways?"
Sherlock had stared at the corpse, had breathed in the dry cold air, had flexed his fingers in his thick gloves, and had briefly allowed himself to think of London, of Baker Street, of John, of
Sherlock ignored him. "Doubtful, as you've not mentioned it. You've not taken any extra precautions when a case takes us out of London, nor have you had any adverse reactions over the years."
He dressed without looking at himself in the mirror. Did not turn on his laptop, did not look at his email.
The look on John's face was not simply the expression of a man irritated at an interruption. It was the stricken look of a man suddenly faced with a ghost from the past, someone
"Moriarty. He wanted my laptop," John said. "It's how I was—it's how Sherlock made contact. Initially."
Sherlock made a frustrated sound, lunged forward with his hand outstretched to snatch the box out of his hands. John yanked it back out of reach.
John chuckled, leaned back against the sofa cushions. At some point he had migrated closer, his arm warm where it brushed against Sherlock's.
Sherlock walked slowly towards the canvasses, reached out and touched one with the tip of his finger. The paper crinkled.
"Yeah," John says shortly. "Yeah, that's the sort of thing that—yes. It would be awkward. No, you're not invited to the wedding."
"No, I—" John stops, shakes his head. He crumples the crisp bag in his fist, smooths it back out against his thigh. "You're trying to spare me, aren't you? That's what all this is about?"
"Oh," Sherlock said. He blinked. Blinked again. The frozen, mechanical expression slipped from his face, leaving him looking painfully uncertain.
And then he was backed against the wall, and they were still kissing, and he thought he ought to breathe but breathing was boring, terribly boring, and then John's hand was in his trousers, cool palm and calloused fingers a shock against his heated skin.
"He said he wanted to get to know my friends before our special day. Because they'll be his friends too," Janine said, putting her hand on Sherlock's arm. "Can you even believe the shite that comes out of his mouth?"
Harry had not attended his wedding, nor Mary's funeral. She seemed uncomfortable about it, as if she knew she'd committed some grave faux pas, and instead of attempting to rectify it had chosen to ignore it entirely.
Sherlock, who had not reached out again after that disastrous night, who had clearly viewed John as just another obligation to check off on a long list.
He took the suit into his own dressing room, slipped off the old jacket, stepped out of the old trousers. The new suit was a very dark grey, nearly black but not quite. The fabric was fine, smooth and soft under his fingers, not stiff or scratchy. He did not even want to imagine what it might cost.
There was no blood in the flat, and no corpse. John had left the flat with his assailant, possibly drugged, possibly injured, but almost certainly coerced in some way. He'd not have left Rosie behind willingly, and no murderer would have bothered to creep in via fire escape but then leave through the front door with a dead man in tow. And—regardless of the neighbors' apparent indifference to crying children and loud noises—it was doubtful that anyone dragging a body through the halls of a crowded apartment block would have gone entirely unnoticed.
"I wanted to tell you," Hattie said. She'd stepped towards Walsingham but stopped short of touching him. "I—I was so shocked I just—I just went through with it."
He knew it as soon as he touched it, but he withdrew his hand from his drawer anyway, peered down at it to get a better look.
Once, he'd found the whole thing pleasant. Throwing himself into the Christmas rush, searching out thoughtful gifts for the people in his life. Mulled wine and decorations and the beautiful sweet sound of the violin—
Rosie screamed in her nursery while he sipped a drink and boxed up Mary's things. He carefully folded her dresses, her shirts.
His mind felt as fragile and tenuous as candy floss, his thoughts dissolving even as he chased them.
and John had known what he meant. He'd known it. And he'd done nothing. Not until it was almost too late.
John breathed out through this teeth, fought the urge to shut his eyes and wait for the whole mess to be over.
He was barefoot, still clad in his faded blue pyjama bottoms, a threadbare t-shirt. He was tall and oddly awkward, crowding into John's personal space, trailing his warm sleepy scent.
"I get that you're worried," Lestrade said, his tone sharp. "But barking at me isn't going to help. You don't think that whoever it was ran away? Maybe John pursued? Sort of thing he might do, yeah?"
"New Year's Day. Yep. Got it." John looked over at his old chair. Rosie had clambered down, was making her way with clumsy, determined steps towards Sherlock. She caught his trouser leg in her fists, tugged.
"What am I supposed to—?" John tore his gaze away, looked at the fire. "What am I supposed to say to that?"
He looked up at the ceiling for a moment. There were cobwebs in the corners. He thought of Sherlock's voice on the phone, steadily weakening. His own resolve to do whatever it took to bring Sherlock home safely. Home. Home to this place and its cosy clutter.
"Maybe we'll come see you," he said without thinking. As soon as the words were out, his chest went cold.
something like this would happen, he should have taken photos before Rosie had the opportunity to spill or tear or otherwise destroy that damned dress—
fine, mostly. A little awkward. But fine. They were polite when they saw each other at work. What more could he want?
"I—hold on—" Lestrade blinked at him. He seemed distracted, and still slightly amused, and not at all interested in what Sherlock was saying. "Release the boyfriend? But—"
There was a rustle, a thump, and a giggle. And suddenly John could no longer even pretend to be interested in his phone.
It's bloody you, all right? It's always been you. From the first moment I saw you in that lab, and you just—you were just so—" John made a frustrated sound, looked away. "You were the most amazing thing I'd ever seen. Still are."
They looked at each other for a moment. Sherlock tapped his fingers restlessly against his thighs. Molly glanced at John's empty chair as if she meant to sit down, seemed to think better of it. Went to the sofa instead.
"Part of the whole—thing—he's trying to do. His image or—or whatever ," Sherlock said with a vague wave of his hand. "Though judging by the two—now three—appreciative glances he's thrown in your direction since our arrival, it appears his interest is genuine, if fleeting. He'd likely be amenable to a fling, though I'd imagine a long-term attachment is off the table."
"You keep telling me not to be jealous, and I'm going to start thinking that there's something to be jealous of." Mary raises her brows, fixes him with a pointed look.
He shivered again, though he stood in front of the fire. The chill of the Thames had not quite left him, it seemed. He wanted to change into pyjamas, to bury himself under blankets, to sleep until he was warm again. But—
"Yeah," he said. "Yes. Er—my sister. She's um—bit of an alcoholic. So. Sometimes she calls, and— well."
He never wanted to be the reason one of those rare, wonderful smiles slipped away from Sherlock's face ever again. He wanted to put them there. He wanted to guard them. He wanted to
"Why are you here?" Sherlock asked, his voice muffled against the arm of his chair. There was something accusing in that tone, something hurt and petulant.
Still. Their paths had crossed so many times that it felt...cosmic, or fated, like the kind of storybook fantasy that John had always dismissed as utter rot.
"Arsehole," he said out loud, causing a passerby to shoot him a disapproving look. He ignored it. "What kind of hint was that?
He could put words in her mouth, he knew. He could make her give voice to any of the things that had been rattling around in his head since it had happened, since she'd died bloody and gasping in his arms.
She turned her head to look around the room. She shrugged, the motion unconcerned. "Oh, I'm sure you'll figure it out."
"We?" Sherlock asks again. He drops the stack of papers down on the hood of his truck, takes a step towards John. Christ, but he is tall. It's not that John had
He opened the door. Looked at the stairs. Wondered how long he could put off climbing them, how long he could put off looking Sherlock in the eye.
There was an empty booth in the far corner and John slid into it without looking to see where Lestrade and Anderson had got to. Sherlock followed him without hesitation, all long uncoordinated limbs. He flopped forward onto the tabletop, pillowed his head on his arms.
"I have no idea what you're talking about," Sherlock offers as bland a smile as he is able, turns away. Has John always been this sharp? Or is he simply slipping, leaking out his secrets wherever he goes, clouding the waters behind him like blood?
John watched her carefully, feeling uncomfortable, like a guilty schoolboy. His hand twitched and he clenched it reflexively.
So he'd gone. His stomach had churned the whole way home, a dull sick feeling that left him restless and unsettled. It felt disturbingly like guilt but—he'd saved John's life, he'd ensured that little Rosamund would not lose a second parent, and then he'd stepped away before his presence could become unwelcome. He'd behaved admirably. Surely that was nothing to feel guilty about.
The sitting room has been gated off to allow Rosie to roam with a certain measure of freedom. She, however, delights in testing boundaries (Sherlock has read countless websites that assure him that this is normal behaviour for a child her age), and takes the opportunity of a moment's distraction to make a break past the gate and into the kitchen.
Rosie had just finished with her breakfast, and Mrs Hudson had executed a smooth maneuver, showing Walsingham in as she ushered Rosie down the stairs with her.
Rosie drops the notebook. She strains in John's arms, reaching out grasping arms. He sighs and bends down to grab it. When he straightens up, it is with a grunt of effort.
"Just—" John said, after he'd caught his breath. "You really can't die on me, now. I'm going to need your brother's help with this one. Not keen on going to prison, yeah? Not for him."
He was not quite sure what he was expected to say to that. He glanced helplessly towards the corpse.
"You think there's something down there," John said. He blew out a breath, did not release Sherlock's arm. When he spoke again, his voice was resigned. "You think there's
"No, he's much prettier," Janine said, stepping closer to Sherlock. There was a flash of—something—on her face, there and gone. She met Victoria's eye, held her gaze without backing down. Smiled, an insincere flash of teeth. "We're not in uni anymore. Tastes change."
John laughs out loud. It is just a laptop. A weird, barely functional laptop with nothing of use installed—he's not even sure if it has
"Well, you could always just chuck the camera in and hope for the best," John had said. "But I wouldn't recommend it."
"What were you doing up there, Sherlock?" John asks. His voice is low, concerned. "For a moment, I thought—"
John shifted, groaning a little bit, frowning as his hand pressed up against something sharp. Glass. Broken glass all around, a jagged mosaic surrounding him on the floor, and the ugly red rug seeping out beneath him like a bloodstain.
"Happy New Year, John," Sherlock said. He held John's gaze for a long moment, the air crackling between them. "Got your breath back?"
He propped himself up on one elbow, took a great gasping breath, and flung the laptop and bag into the street. The lorry, brakes squealing, thundered over it, crushing it beneath one large wheel.
Sherlock seemed to melt into his embrace, stumbling a bit as if the tension had been punched out of him. He breathed out, the sound shaky. Turned his face into the crook of John's neck.
be. Because John has always been aware of Sherlock's deficiencies in understanding sentiment (so many things are done for a
After dinner, Rosie sprawls out on the sitting room floor with her homework. Sherlock retreats to his chair. They do not light a fire, though the warmth of the afternoon has long worn off and there is still a bite of lingering winter in the evening air.
He was mesmerizing, this close. Sherlock could see his pores, the fine lines under his eyes, around his mouth. The way his pupils had dilated, swallowing the rich dark blue of his irises. Sherlock wanted to press his lips to every line, wanted to catalogue every hair.
Still angry, then. But she had sat on the sofa. She could have gone straight upstairs to her bedroom. She could have packed the remainder of her things and moved out. She could have called Mycroft. She had not done any of that. It meant she was looking to engage, in some way. She wanted to be reached.
It would have given him something to do with his hands. His fingers had grown cold. He was bored of waiting, standing in an alleyway under a cold late-afternoon drizzle, watching Lestrade and Anderson and a half-dozen other half-witted Yarders try their hardest to complicate a relatively simple crime scene.
He could wipe out Moriarty, before Moriarty even made himself known. He could stop it, all of it, before it went too far, before he had to leave. Before it all went wrong. Before he ruined everything, before that wonderful fond light went out of John's eyes for good.
John laughed, looked up at the ceiling. "Mate, come on. Deliver your own message. You're taking up valuable time here. I've got patients who—"
He turned away from the mirror, went down the hall into his bedroom. He did not bother to turn on the light. He undressed in darkness, slipped beneath the covers.
Sherlock and Janine had already gone when he'd arrived at Baker Street with Rosie. Mrs Hudson had accepted her cheerfully, waving John in to her flat.
Sherlock shut his eyes. He'd been meant to intervene. He'd been meant to knock on the door to John's flat, to catch him unawares but receptive. He'd been meant to say something reassuring like
Mycroft did not answer, which usually meant that Sherlock had managed to shock him. He did not have the energy to feel satisfied.
Facebook, of course. His mother had uploaded a truly appalling amount of photographs of himself and Mycroft at varying ages, and John had ignored the telly entirely in favor of scrolling through them and chuckling.
"Don't do this," John says again. "Don't—don't just accommodate me. That's all you've been doing since Rosie and I moved in here, and I can't—"
"Are you all right? What happened?" he asked. He squinted at the screen. Lazarus was again shrouded in shadows. He looked unwell, pinched.
His ears were ringing. It was much too loud in the room. Too many people. Too many children. The heater was on full blast and
"Trying my best," John says. He struggles up onto one elbow. His hair is flattened on one side where he has had it buried in Sherlock's pillow, and that is
The therapist's name was Edward, and he was young—perhaps mid-thirties. Male. John had chosen him deliberately.
Mrs Hudson stood at the counter, fussing noisily with two teacups. She turned as Sherlock came into the room.
"No," she said hastily. "I mean. If you're here, you have to sit there. But you don't have to be here. I could just call when it's done. Or, um. Text."
He took the moment to study her surreptitiously, the unhealthy pallor of her face, the rumpled clothes, the perpetually downturned mouth.
"Then it could be anyone," John said. "There's no reason to limit it just to wedding vendors, it could be—it could be anyone. It could be a bloody chance encounter for all we know. A doorman. A cabbie, even. Wouldn't be the first time, yeah?"
"Wow," she says. "A whole minifridge, just for me. Not sure what I did to deserve this level of generosity."
John shoves Sherlock against the beam. Sherlock falls to his knees and John follows suit, wrapping his arms around him and the beam both.
"One present," Mycroft said. "Only one. Well—two, I suppose, if you insist on being precise. I've always rather considered them a matched set, myself."
"I don't know," the man said, tilting his head thoughtfully. "You seem the sort to enjoy a bit of trouble."
"Strawberries in the champagne?" he asked, changing the subject. His voice emerged sounding thicker than he'd have liked.
Sherlock looked back at him, feeling strangely warm. It struck him at odd moments, the fact that John
John shut his eyes for a moment, forced himself to focus. "So their partners weren't unhappy. So what? What does that tell us that we didn't already know?"
Sherlock never misses anything, John thinks. He's stalling, and not particularly convincingly. "Sherlock," he says again, impatient this time.
John blinked down at his phone, not quite believing what he was seeing. "No service. You've got to be—we're in the middle of London.
It had been a warm day, clouds overhead interspersed with fleeting bursts of sunlight, and the house had not looked particularly frightening or foreboding. It had simply looked sad. Neglected. Long-forgotten.
"No," Molly said. She bit her lip. Her expression was conflicted, but her voice firm. She shook her head, met Lestrade's gaze head-on. "No, he—he was doing better. Loads better. That's why he reached out. That's why he wanted me to come see Rosie in the first place. He knew he'd made mistakes, but he didn't want to keep cutting himself off. He was
"No strawberry," Sherlock said, stepping forward to stand very close to John. Their shoulders brushed as he leaned forward to peer down at the cakes.
She natters on a bit about the cadavers. They've been moving around. Switching drawers. It seems, she tells them (with disappointing sincerity), that the laboratory is haunted. (He is unable to avoid rolling his eyes, and winces when John shoots him a reproachful look.) And now, one of the unlucky bodies has vanished entirely.
"John," she said, coming towards him, putting her hand on his forehead. Her palm was cool, dry. He shut his eyes as she tutted. "You look like you've seen a ghost, dear."
There had been a long stretch of silence, and then his phone had begun to ring. Sherlock had dialed him on Facetime.
John said nothing. He stood staring, and staring, and staring. His hand clenched white on the doorframe.
He stared at the microscope and its neat pile of slides. His hand twitched, and he clenched it, dug his fingernails into his palm. He was suddenly quite angry that there was no mess. Sherlock was
The flat fell silent around him. He flattened his palms against his thighs, flexed his fingers. Thought about standing up, climbing the stairs to his old room.
Initially, he'd intended to take advantage of Sherlock's distraction (the world's most observant man, indeed!) and simply pop the balloon behind his chair, startling him, but Mrs Hudson had caught him on his way back up the stairs and asked if he'd mind helping with her Sudoku, and he decided that, rather than startle Sherlock into a fit of pique, it might be nice to buy himself a little time to himself.
The screen flickers, and the laptop hums. The foul odour intensifies. Surely something is short-circuiting somewhere in the machine's guts. He presses the power button, and is relieved when the machine powers down.
"Fine," John says. He breathes out through his nose, looks up at the ceiling. "I came out here as a memorial of sorts."
"It's not a direct exchange, brother mine. No incentives, no treats. She's simply allowed to paint what she wants, when she wants. I've found it improves her mood. In turn, she can occasionally be tempted into providing assistance on matters of national security. At her request, not ours. She almost seems to enjoy it."
"Did you know? That she would—that it would end like that?" John asked. There was an edge to his voice, a barely concealed accusation.
John lets him go, steps back slightly. His expression is odd. Was he expecting a big emotional scene? If he is, he'll be leaving disappointed. Sherlock does not have it in him to do this again. There is only so much he can reasonably be expected to take.
John blinks at him. He looks a bit like a cornered animal, tensed and hunched and poised to fight or flee. He is silent for a long time, long enough that Sherlock's chest goes cold and his palms go clammy.
Sherlock lifted his head, met his gaze. He looked oddly young in his bowtie, John thought. Not quite himself.
He'd never mentioned the majority of his bolt-holes to John, of course, though he suspected that his secrets were not terribly well-kept.
" he spit the word, hating the way it sounded, hating the way it felt. He stood up, fists clenched, breathing hard. "Stop telling me how understandable it all is. It's not. It's not understandable."
The shock of icy water ripped his breath away, sent needles through his skin, set him flailing and gasping for the surface.
"Good observation, that," John said before he could help himself. He sighed, pressed his lips together, thought again about
John clears his throat. He gives Rosie a little bounce in his arms just to have something to do. She is growing heavy. He ought to set her down onto the ground.
"Here," Sherlock said. He withdrew a pair of handcuffs from his jacket pocket, tossed them to her. Then he frowned. "Not a word."
"No, wait, you—" John shook his head, stepping closer, keeping his voice low. "You can't just—I can't believe I even have to
"Getting a bit over-reliant on anaphylaxis, aren't we? Boring. Where's your creativity? The horses—now
John smiles back at him. It is a sad smile. The morning sun finds his hair and glints off of the few golden strands remaining amidst the grey. "Not quite the same, though, is it?"
Janine squeezed Sherlock's arm. He leaned down and she murmured something in his ear. He nodded his head, twisting slightly as if her breath tickled him.  John found himself unable to look away.
John took a deep breath, released it. Tried not to feel too pleased about that. "Right. So, Christine Thomas accepted my—well—Alice's friend request."
Janine patted Sherlock's hand. The light sparkled prettily where it caught on her ring, drawing John's attention. He looked at their linked hands, pressed his lips together. Looked pointedly back at Wiggins.
He'd thought of Mary, there and gone in the blink of an eye, dead before she ever truly got to know her daughter.
aware of Sherlock, he'd thought. Uncomfortably aware. Fascinated and irritated and, at times, inconveniently attracted. Even now, the sense memory of Sherlock's lips against his own sent electricity skittering down his spine
"Look," John said. "I know this is—erm—not really your idea of a good time. But—" he paused, looked at Sherlock, awkward and compliant under the dim pub lights. It felt wrong, somehow.
The back of Sherlock's head was the first thing John saw as he slipped into the studio, carefully winding his way through the small crowd.
Sherlock had lit a fire. Had sat, hunched and thoughtful, in his chair. The takeaway had gone cold on the kitchen table.
A flat tire on Sherlock's truck. Loose bolts on the Doppler, blamed on Anderson's shoddy maintenance. Sally's maps, normally so carefully indexed, shuffled up and out of order, costing them valuable time.
That jars him loose. He sets his basket down on the ground, grips the pushchair with both hands. Steps forward with a determined stride.
They'd got on well. She'd spoiled Rosie with far too many gifts. It had been nice, in a way, sharing space with another person again. There were quiet domestic sounds in the morning, none of the aching empty silences that haunted the halls of his own home.
Mary had not been dead. Nor had she been with them. She'd been home, heavily pregnant. She'd sent them both a text advising them to
"Not usually," John said, with a wry little twist of his lips. He retreated back into the kitchen, ran the tap. A moment later he returned with a glass of water, pressed it into Sherlock's hand.
When he finally stopped moving and looked up, he was not particularly surprised to find himself standing in front of 221 Baker Street.
He scrolled through John's previous search history, confusion and dread churning sickly in his stomach.
"Oh," Sherlock says. He looks at the man, takes in the fading suntan, the short-cropped hair, the military posture. Harry's dirty-blond hair, Harry's dark blue eyes, Harry's upturned nose. "The Abominable Brother, I presume?"
The room was not empty. He could hear breathing, steady, even respiration. Could just make out the dark edges of a shape, huddled under bedding.
Sherlock closed out of John's email, thought of that terrible day, thought of John smiling that tight forced smile and drinking his tea and looking like he wanted to crawl right out of his own skin.
"No," John says. He shakes his head, clenches his fist. His heart is still jackhammering uncomfortably against his ribs. "No, I thought he left all this behind years ago. Was—I don't know. Using his NSSL credentials to peddle overpriced storm shelters to gullible and desperate families. Preying on people's fears."
John is lonely. He will not admit that out loud, Sherlock knows as much, but John has always sought out romantic companionship. He has abstained for quite some time, likely out of guilt, but he is lonely and he is restless and—
"Well, would you look at that," he'd said, surprised and grateful for the distraction, for something concrete to needle his brother about. "I believe Mycroft has some explaining to do."
It matters little, in the end. A man like Moriarty will have built contingency plans. Sherlock will have to jump, and Sherlock will have to die. There will be no going home.
he almost asked. He realised with some surprise that he genuinely wanted to know. He was no longer comfortable simply avoiding the subject.
"And that's my cue to leave," John said, leaning forward to press a hasty kiss against Sherlock's lips.
Over John's shoulder, across the room, Molly looks away, clearly attempting to spare him some dignity.
The trip is less comfortable now that he lacks a destination. He has never been the aimless sort, he prefers decisive action.
Silence stretched between them. It appeared that some sort of making up ritual would be required after all.
Sherlock cleared his throat, stepped a little closer. A well-played little territorial display. Quite convincing. Unless he wasn't shamming at all, in which case it was—well. Still quite convincing.
"No sense dwelling on the past," Sherlock said, and even as he spoke he thought of the slippery-smooth bones in his hands, small and light and fragile. Thought of his own panicked breaths and pounding heart as he'd dangled there over the edge, how he'd been silent, how he had not once cried out. Wondered what it had been like for Victor, how long he'd waited for rescue before realising that no one was coming. If he'd called for help. If his voice had grown hoarse and tired and cracked. If he'd been frightened, if he'd been cold, if he'd been hopeful or resigned to his fate.
"I don't understand it, Sherlock," John said, helpless. His voice was barely above a whisper. He looked at the stretched collar of Sherlock's t-shirt, at the way the pulse jumped against the pale skin of Sherlock's neck. "Everyone wants—everyone wants
Arthur Bell studied him for a moment, turned away, went to the window. The weak sunlight illuminated his face through the dirty glass. "It's snowing," he said. "The road will be impassable in a few hours."
John's face flushed warm, and he looked away. Cleared his throat. "Right. Well. MI6 is working on getting him out, so—"
"I go home," John says. "That's what happens now. I go home and in a little while someone is going to call me to give me some very bad news. And I—I deal with that. And eventually, when I've—when it's all
"Yeah of course," John said, shaking his head a little, even as he thought of the email from Sarah with a fresh flood of shame. "Of course I'm still here."
Sherlock, already sprawled in his chair as if he'd been there for hours, looked up. Smiled—a quick, genuinely pleased twist of his lips. "Isn't it obvious?"
The letters on the keyboard are all where they are supposed to be. The only thing unusual is the ENTER key. Or, rather, what
"Then he'd have knocked on a neighbor's door," she said. "Or shouted until someone came. She's the most important thing in the world to him, and he'd never have left her behind. Not. Not willingly."
He breathes out in a rush, doubles over, puts his hands on his knees. The laptop, twisted and smoking and very, very dead, is on the little desk by the window. Blood roars in his ears.
She made a sound, a frustrated, disappointed sound, and he thought of her telling him just yesterday:
"Try harder next time," Sherlock said, and hung up. He went to hand the phone back to John, then, annoyed at his own lack of attention, dropped it into his coat pocket.
He swatted upwards at John, trying to push him back. Idiot. Didn't he realize there was a sniper? Sherlock had painted a target on his head, had marched up to his door and delivered the fatal bullet himself. There was blood on John's face, splashed across his cheeks in a shocking red spray.
"Mycroft looks at people and sees only their utility. He can't help himself. I never should have let him know her, I never should have—"
"Not only talking about the sharks. Even if they're not interested, surely there's something in this godforsaken building that
"Yes," Sherlock says, leaning over John. His face is, as ever, a blank mask, but his eyes are sharp and focused. "It will."
"Is anything broken?" Sherlock's hands were on his shoulders, his arms, sliding down his sides. Back up to cradle his face, his neck.
He shuts his eyes, presses his hand against the bridge of his nose. Breathes out through clenched teeth. "Bad news."
John does not speak. His gait is slow, unhurried. His shoulders are slumped. (Tired? Or reliving their aborted conversation in the aquarium? Perhaps he, too, is dreading what comes next.)
He sniffed hard, pulled air into his lungs and clapped his hands together as he regarded her. She did not have an umbrella, nor a coat. She flinched a bit, a small gesture, subtle.
When no one answered, he went back into the sitting room to the sound of Janine's deep, genuine laughter. Stopped dead.
"Not that kind of assistance," the man said, although the pained hitch to his voice seemed to say otherwise. "I need you to deliver a message."
"No," Sherlock said, quiet, and he tried to put the weight of his understanding behind his words. John could not always forgive. That was all right.
He wished, irrationally, that he could simply hand the decision off to someone else. That someone would simply turn up on his doorstep and hand him a new key and tell him where he could find his new life. He'd go, he thought. He'd always been good at following orders.
He heaved a sigh, let his hand drop against Rosie's back, rubbed a soothing circle. She had relaxed in his arms again, apparently either not too upset by his outburst or too sleepy to care.
John seemed to read it in his expression regardless, and his face crumpled. "Christ," he said. "Oh. Oh, Christ."
"Ah, you admit it at last," Sherlock said breezily. Then he frowned, sat up straight. "What do you mean? What are you talking about?"
He thought about Sherlock, about dark stitches and bruised skin and searching eyes, about blood on the floor of Culverton Smith's favourite room. Thought about Mary, gasping her last breaths on the ground. She had died jetlagged and tired. She had died believing him to be a good person.
"Well, you might have your monographs and your analyses," John said. "But I tend to rely on what my eyes tell me. So. What do you say?"
"You're thinking it was the photographer?" John had said, smiling a little. "Getting to be a bit cliché, yeah?"
He hit enter, and then sat back with a sick lurching sensation in his gut. He shouldn't have said that. It was too personal. It wasn't something that Alice (she of the wine memes and yoga classes and moderate-but-not-fanatical interest in reality television) would ever share.
"Where, exactly, is 'there'?" she asks. There is a concealed edge to her voice. He thinks she might be a little bit nervous, too.
John's shoulders had stiffened, and his step had faltered slightly, but he'd gone on up the stairs without looking back.
"I could try," Molly offered. She sniffed, a miserable little sound that might have started as a laugh.
The right shoulder of Sherlock's jacket was frayed, ripped. John could picture it, Sherlock, wrapping his hand up in his jacket, breaking the glass. Discarding the jacket and reaching his gloved hands through the shards to unlock the door, to push his way in. Swift, efficient movements. He'd torn the gloves, John recalled. Peeled them off, left them discarded on the floor, wet and dark with blood.
What was worse was that they both seemed to be genuinely enjoying themselves. Sherlock, who never missed an opportunity to show off, had inexpliably elected to spend
They'd got an early start on the day. John had left Rosie in Mrs Hudson's care back at Baker Street, the pair of them sporting matching delighted grins as they'd bid him farewell. Mrs Hudson was terribly fond of her goddaughter, and Rosie was clearly equally enamoured. He couldn't remember the last time he'd been the one to coax a smile that big out of his daughter.
"All right," John said, frowning. He took Sherlock's arm, guided him out of the way. He leaned against a building, the stone cool through his coat sleeve. "What's going on? What is all of this?"
He looks at her, looks at his laptop. Jennifer Wilson's GPS program is still up on the screen. It has pinpointed Roland Kerr Further Educational College.
John smiles tightly, lifts one damp hand to scratch at the back of his neck. He looks baffled, and a little frustrated, and very, very tired.
She huffed. The sound was wistful, a little sad. "You think you're being clever, rattling around up here at all hours of the night. God forbid you just knock on my door and ask for some company."
They stood like that for a moment, lips ghosting together, just breathing. Sherlock's back brushed against the shelf and he spared a brief thought for the dust, and then John made a noise in the back of his throat, a noise that was pained and joyful all at once, and his hands came up to cup Sherlock's face, to press against the heat rising in his cheeks, and Sherlock thought quite clearly
It was all right, he thought, looking at her against the faded red fabric. She often sat there. She'd never treated it with any particular reverence.
"Sorry," John says again, moments later, as he descends the stairs in jeans and a soft-looking jumper that Sherlock aches to touch. His hair is still damp, his face still tired. "Shouldn't have taken so long in the shower."
The inn is silent, empty. He wonders if she has left to seek out family, or if she has gone with the police.
John shivered, his skin pebbling beneath his thin t-shirt. He took a steadying breath, shut the window. Stood in his quiet dark bedroom, rubbing his hands over his chilled arms.
Sherlock realized that he had, at some point, tangled his hands up in John's coat, had grasped at the collar of it and had wound the edges around his fingers, pulling him closer, locking him in place.
It was all the prompting John needed. He launched himself out of the aisle, neatly tackling the man to the ground. The knife clattered against the floor, skidding away.
John laughs again, the sound little more than a ghost of any real amusement. "It struck me that it was a bit unfair to put that on you, that's all."
John was in the bedroom, now, doing one last sweep through the closets and under the bed, making sure they'd not left anything behind.
"Got to dash," the man said. He smiled, a flat and insincere flash of teeth. "I have an appointment in the morgue. Can't leave the dead waiting long."
John parks the truck about as far from Sherlock's as he can, bumping and rattling over hard pitted dirt and downed cornstalks. He turns off the engine and leans back in his seat, stretches longer than really necessary.
"I'll pour," Janine said, plucking the bottle from Sherlock's hand and disappearing into the kitchen with a quick, indulgent smile in John's direction.
"Pete," Sherlock said, "and Christine Thomas. An acquaintance set them up on a blind date, but she felt they didn't really click—" he brought his hands up and made exaggerated air quotes, "—and should remain friends. Apparently he'd carried a torch for years."
There is nothing to be done. He has his life, he has his sensible little house in a sensible neighborhood, has his sensible job at the surgery and his less sensible but vastly more rewarding role as Sherlock's assistant and blogger and friend. He has his daughter.
He very carefully does not touch John as he moves past, not even a brush of his sleeve. He disappears into his bedroom, closes the door.
John ignores her, indignation still throbbing hot and furious in his chest. His knuckles ache. He has wanted to hit Moriarty for years, but is far too agitated now to find it even remotely satisfying.
He turned on the telly, careful to keep the volume down. Set his laptop on the coffee table, leaned his head back against the sofa. Shut his eyes.
The screen lit up and it began to ring. Music. The Bee Gees. Incongruously cheerful and out of place. Moriarty let the song play for a moment, his eyes shut. Then he answered the call.
John braces himself as the wind brings the truck back, slamming it against the little bridge. The support beams tremble from the impact, but hold firm. He shuts his eyes, then forces them open again, looks around wildly for Sherlock.
(Thinking. Alone with his anxious thoughts, hadn't that been what Sherlock had predicted? John had put his daughter to bed and had retreated to the sitting room to worry over his problem. The problem that had brought him all the way back to London, to Baker Street, to Sherlock.)
really, but she's got a friend. At university. Seems to have gotten himself into a bit of trouble. She's pretty sure he's being blackmailed and—" John frowned, cast a wary look at the dog. "She begged me to ask you. So." He spread his hands out, tried for a smile. It looked shriveled and disingenuous.
After an interminable period of chitchat, she goes. She leaves the box behind. He cannot quite bring himself to look at it again and so he takes himself down to Tesco. Buys a newspaper.
They took one step, then two, hopelessly out of sync. John stumbled, catching himself against Sherlock's chest.
He hung up his wet coat on the hook, went up the stairs. The flat was quiet and still, just as he'd left it.
That got through to him. He stood up, slipped out of his coat. She turned away as he reached for the bag.
Sherlock murmured something that made Lily and Evie giggle in unison. John ground his teeth together and stared down at his phone.
John shrugged, lifted his hands, let them drop back down to his sides. "After what I've been through the past few days, frankly, you just don't seem very frightening."
"Yeah, 'course I did," Greg said, looking bewildered again. "I'd just spent two years wishing I'd done things differently, hadn't I? Felt responsible for what happened."
additional options—which is what brought you to London on an early train in the first place—you elected to come here at last."
Sherlock breathed out, a long slow exhale. He seemed to deflate. His spine lost its proud, rigid tension and he melted forward into John's embrace. He made a small despairing sound as he did so.
"You think I don't understand your reluctance," Mycroft said. His voice was quiet, uncharacteristically soft. He walked to the mantel, stood regarding the odd collection of items that had accumulated there. "But I assure you, I do. I've no wish to see Rosamund come to harm."
Sherlock had smiled back. He could not have stopped it, even if he'd wanted to. His throat had gone tight, his face hot. His mind had short-circuited somewhere on the path between disbelief and joy, had left him trembling and exhausted and wired and bewildered and so very, very happy.
He has been expecting this. Harry has spent an increasing amount of time perusing her ex-wife's Facebook page. Her angry outbursts have diminished. She has ceased complaining about the Abominable Brother.
"Take care, brother," Mycroft said. He turned, went back through the door. The stairs creaked as he descended.
Scenario 1: John had been troubled, offended or otherwise put off by the photo that Sherlock had sent him. Unlikely. Even if he disapproved of the skull, his natural parental instincts would override his objections due entirely to the fact that it was an appealing and well-composed photograph of his daughter in her Christmas dress.
John's eyes stung. He shook his head, pressed one trembling hand against his mouth. Breathed in through his nose.
"It's so nice to have you here again, John," she said. "I don't know if I've told you that. This past year has been so—" her voice cut out and she sniffed, squeezed his arm tighter. "My heart has broken for you. And for Sherlock—"
"Look," John said, softening a bit. "You didn't see him, that night I asked about—he wasn't just avoiding the subject. He was afraid. And you can't just
He was shivering in earnest now, could not stop his teeth from chattering together. It was due to shock as much as cold, he supposed. That did not make the experience any more pleasant.
Sherlock seized on the name, the first thing that made any sense in the alarming and inexplicable list. The name was a common one, and his preliminary search results yielded little of interest. Addresses. Business profiles. Social media accounts. Evan Bell was everyone and no one. But who was he to John?
John stood up straight, looked at Sherlock. Sherlock looked calmly back at him. There was a gleam in his eye.
She studied him for a moment, frowning a little, the way she almost always did when she looked at him. He was fairly sure she regretted hiring him, though she'd never actually said as much out loud.
He'd hadn't the heart to tell her they were all bad days, that there had been nothing but bad days from the time he'd closed his eyes against the blood and the grit and the glare of sunlight and opened them again to a sterile white hospital ceiling and the steady beep of machines.
Janine was tucked into Sherlock's arms, laughing, bungling up the steps as Sherlock huffed and barked corrections. His hand was on her back, fingers splayed wide.
He is only alive because Mary put herself in front of a bullet. He does not know why. He wonders if she even knew why, in her last moments, of if she'd acted purely on instinct. Had she regretted her choice? Had she even had time for regrets?
He could make her say whatever he wanted. He could make her soothe him. He could make her hurt him. Whatever he needed her to say, he could hear it.
"Came here," John said. "Right. All right. This is—look. I don't talk about this. I haven't. There are some things that you just. Carry."
"He called the police," Sherlock said. "His father had only been missing a few hours, and he called the police. Why would he have done that, if he knew the body was here on the property?"
And then he'd inched his hands along the stone mouth, had scrabbled for purchase and finally found a ledge for his feet, had dragged himself up, gasping and bloodied and frightened, and had lain there in the tall grass, panting.
Gone was the hesitance. Gone, even, was Sherlock Holmes, smirking and self-assured detective. The man left wearing his skin was someone else entirely.
This time through he pays attention to the side doors, staff entry points, all designed to fade discreetly into the background, unnoticed by the streams of visitors that pour through each day.
"Right," he said. He looked expectantly at the man, who was watching him with an expression that verged on impatient. "Well. Either this is the part where you execute me, or the part where you tell me what the hell is going on."
"Well—shit," Lestrade said. He turned towards the entrance to the alleyway, where several coppers were milling around, their faces briefly illuminated by the flashing lights. "Oi—Gregson! Donovan! Get someone up to check out those flats!"
"You can hardly drag me out for cake every time you want to distract me," Sherlock said. He tried to sound bored, but feared the end result was rather brittle. He looked away.
"She'd cleaved to him out of loneliness, a need for security. He to her because she was younger and significantly more attractive than his other prospects. Not exactly a recipe for success."
"He led the animal out onto the moor. He most likely intended to make a small cut to one of its legs. Nothing that would cause permanent damage—though horses are fragile, and he'd have no way of ensuring the outcome would be favourable. Still, he doubtless thought it worth the risk. People do that, you know. Risk things, even precious things."
"Nice having you here," Mrs Hudson continued. She started to replace the cap on the bourbon, hesitated, added another splash. "Makes him happy, don't you think?"
She looked up at him and flinched again at the state of his face. This time, however, she did not look away. "That's it, then? He's dead. You can—you can go home. Right? It's over. None of this—"
John is very familiar with that tone. "You know, since you both seem to be ignoring the tornado. Guess you've decided to catch the next one?"
Sherlock had listened to his steps on the stairs—forceful, hasty, not allowing himself time to rethink his decision—and had flinched a bit at the slam of the door.
Sherlock, and I'm fairly sure the person who treated me wasn't actually a doctor, because they didn't follow any of the proper protocol, and—"
"What," Sherlock says, after far too much time has passed. His voice is like his thoughts—sluggish and bewildered. "What are you doing here?"
"I wanted to get out of his car and just—smash the windows. Cave in the bonnet. Kick the doors off of their hinges. I wanted to rip that bloody thing apart with my own two hands."
The morning stretched out unbroken before them, time slipping along slow as treacle. Rosie had torn into most, if not all, of her gifts, had predictably found herself equally as enamored of the brightly coloured paper and ribbons as she was of the what they'd contained.
John groaned, opened his eyes, slammed them shut again. The room was too bright. Everything ached. His pillow was scratchy and stiff and bunched uncomfortably under his cheek.
digging. Crowded close together in the aisles, perusing boxes and crates and piles. A self-contained treasure hunt, albeit one without any kind of map.
John is looking at her with an odd, fond smile, and she wonders if she has spoken aloud. She loses track, sometimes, late at night. Especially on damp nights with her hip acting up the way it does.
He steps into his flat and tries to imagine what it will be like without them. It should not be difficult to visualise such a thing. He has lived alone before. He will likely live alone for the rest of his life. It is not so bad, being alone. He used to prefer it.
John breathed out through his teeth, a sympathetic noise. His coat sleeve brushed against Sherlock's, distractingly close.
"Oh for God's sake!" Sherlock says. He stalks across the room, flings himself onto the sofa. It has the intended effect of startling John, who takes a few hasty steps backwards to get out of the way. "Sofa's occupied."
John climbs up. The truck dips a bit under his weight, the motion achingly familiar. He puts his hands on the barrel, its surface already beginning to warm in the sunlight.
She had put a bullet in him, once, too. That could just as easily have ended his life. Nearly had. He'd understood her more when she was killing him than when she was saving him.
kissing him, his mouth hard and determined. His hand has come up to curl possessively at the back of John's neck, drawing him closer, his breaths unsteady.
"Oh," he says. His stomach chooses this poor moment to rumble hopefully. He looks down at the tray of diseased tongues. Sighs.
Sherlock had stood at the window with his violin and pretended not to be interested in the proceedings. There had been much to learn from John's gait on the stairs (steady, no hesitation), and the number of trips he took to carry boxes upstairs (minimal personal effects indicated a strong desire to leave the past behind).
John stayed with him, changed his bandages, doled out his medication. His hands brushed carefully over old scars and new.
He hadn't wanted anything to do with that look. It had left him feeling exposed, hunted, all of his pathetic impossible desires dragged out into the light. He hadn't even wanted to think about it.
Sherlock stared at him. A deep furrow had appeared between his brows, and John fought against his sudden, wildly inappropriate urge to reach out a finger and smooth it away.
He poured her a glass of red wine, and she took it, went into the sitting room to speak with Sherlock. He watched them for a moment, Sherlock in his chair, staring into the fire, Molly crouching to bring their faces level. Whatever he said, or did not say, seemed to trouble her. She pursed her lips, took a sip of her wine.
"Oh," Sherlock says, finally. He is very aware of his own breathing, of his chest rising and falling. There are people on the pavement, walking, talking, swerving to avoid him, going about their lives.
"Well. We want to make things look realistic. Like we can't keep our hands off each other." She smiled again, leaned back against the cushions, looking a bit like a smug cat. "Not too difficult, that."
"Cheers," Janine said, sounding anything but cheerful. She set the frying pan on the floor next to her, looked at Pete's crumpled form. "Seriously?
She does not run. Instead she slows her stride, defeated, and stands facing the door. He looks at her back, at the tense line of her shoulders under a lumpy cardigan, at the wisps of grey hair working loose from a messy bun.
He exchanged increasingly tetchy messages with a prospective client before telling him to solve his own bloody case. Pretended not to notice John's raised brows, the disapproving set of his mouth.
"One groom dropping dead in the middle of speaking his vows is an accident," Sherlock said, and his lips were twitching, that unconscious little smile that he seemed unable to suppress when he was excited about a new case. "But
Sherlock took two steps forward, crowding into John's space, gloved hands coming up to cradle John's face, mashing their lips together.
He'd looked up Janine's address, found himself in front of a small and cosy little cottage. The garden was overgrown and smelled pleasantly of wildflowers. The front door needed painting.
There were two men waiting for him outside the airport. They fell into step behind him, and he dodged them easily, left them confused and blinking while he ducked into a cab.
The first case. Christine Thomas and her horse. She was a confident rider and had kept her seat while her inexperienced new husband had been trampled under the hooves.
"I was—" Sherlock had paused, looked at John's face, the weary worried pallor of it. He'd felt caught out, unwelcome, an interloper intruding on John's quiet moment with his daughter. His words seemed inadequate, clumsy.
"Still," he said. "When you gave me your number, I hardly think you expected to hear from me this soon."
"Just—I thought he was probably running from something. A lot of people are." He breathed out, thoughtful. "Family expectations, I think. Ailing parents, an overbearing brother. He didn't want anything to do with the farm."
"Right," John said. He shifted in his seat, uncomfortable, feeling raw and exposed. He was not sure why he had come.
it was fairly clear he was planning something," Sherlock says. "Not much of a leap from there to figure out what he'd been working on."
"You thought I was going to jump," Sherlock says. He drops his head into the crook of John's neck, breathes in the scent of car exhaust and nervous sweat and the faint remnants of cologne.
She'd looked at him for a moment longer, then smiled. He'd let go of her hand, watched as she darted off to examine a pile of books on the ground along the wall.
He waved his hand, frustrated, thoughts dispersing like mist. He honed in on a handful of shots of the victim with the same woman, equally blonde, equally coiffed.
He wondered if Lestrade had left yet, or if he was still out there, sharing tense concerned words with Molly. Any moment now, one of them would feel the need to check on him—
She did not complete her thought, and he did not waste breath explaining all of the reasons that was a bad idea.
He took off at a run towards the Tube station, twisting to avoid mowing down a family of four walking at a glacial pace. The air was cold on his face and he was slow, too slow, too
He'd made an effort to keep things a bit cleaner. He kept sharp objects and dangerous chemicals out of reach. He'd stopped leaving bits of human remains lying around.
She looked steadily back at them. There was so much John in the stubborn set of her jaw, so much Mary in the sharp gleam in her eyes.
"She knows that, John," Sherlock said, in what he felt was a remarkably patient tone, given the circumstances. "That's why she's here."
He thought of the dressing room, of Sherlock's lapels crushed in his hands, Sherlock backed against the wall with lipstick on his neck and his eyes wide and furious.
Sherlock snarled, his face suddenly right in front of John's. The perplexed expression was gone, replaced by a twisted anger John had only ever glimpsed once or twice, and never directed at him.
"Shhh," John hissed, glancing around. He dropped his voice. "Not just anyone, you know. An actual insane criminal mastermind."
"No, no, no, that's not going anywhere." Rosie joined him at the mantel. She was smiling a little bit, but it was a sad sort of smile. "She's staying here, right here. Someone needs to be here when I come home, and—well. Mrs Hudson can't leave Baker Street. England would fall."
He'd texted again on Christmas morning, sent along a photo of Rosie chewing on the edge of a brightly wrapped gift. This time, the response was immediate.
Sherlock leaned back to get a good look at John's face, smiled a little. They both turned, almost as one, to look at Rosie.
John curled in on himself. There was pain in Sherlock's voice, disguised as it was under a tone of flippant indifference. They'd been hurting each other for years. And for what?
Sherlock looked at her, noted her hands, the way they twisted and wrung together in an unconscious dance. The smudge of dark makeup under her left eye. The way she shifted her weight from one foot to the other. The nervous, intent way that she stared—purposeful, easy to distinguish from the casual onlookers and (inexplicably) fans that occasionally turned up to watch him work.
again, the one that made him seem on the verge of saying something earth-shaking, something monumental.
John clasped his hands behind his back and waited for Sherlock to do or say something horrible. It was inevitable, at this point.
"Yes," John says. He smiles, because there is no getting around it now, and it is a relief to find himself here at last. "I'm in love with you. Probably always have been. Well—not always. But for a long time."
"My parents went after her, of course," Sherlock had said. "They never even got the chance to close the shelter door. Mycroft held me back. I had a grip on Redbeard's collar—the wind was so strong that all four of his feet left the ground. I pulled him down. It took all of my strength."
John let an amused breath hiss out through his teeth. He met Sherlock's eye briefly and looked away.
Sherlock cupped his hands, gathered water. Sluiced it over the web until the fine silk had been washed away. He stepped into the spray, let the hot stream hit his face and shoulders. Tipped his head down and stared down at the wet tiles, watched red-stained water circle the drain.
John is standing behind him, leaning against the door to the men's bathroom. The sight is so unexpected that Sherlock can do little more than stare and blink.
She smiled. "Well. Not really friends, yeah? But we've known each other a long time. Things got a bit competitive, back in uni."
Something dark and possessive flared in John. He placed his hand on top of Sherlock's, stilled his movements.
"No," he said, and shut his eyes. He did not need to see her face to know that she saw through the lie.
This time Mary is not quick enough to stop him. His fist makes a satisfying sound against Moriarty's chin.
"That's utterly ridiculous," John said. "You do know that, right? That's ridiculous. No one does things like that."
He reached up, took John's hand, let him pull him to his feet. They stood, quiet, breathing, a memory trembling in the air between them. Sherlock's mouth tasted of mint. He tugged John's hand, pulling him closer, closer.
John breathed out, clearly struggling with words. Sherlock had turned back to face him, folding the damp towel over his arm.
John looked at him. Sherlock's face had lost some of its sharp edges over the long years that they'd known one another, but he was still beautiful. His eyes were still just as pale, just as keen. His lips plush and inviting and so very, very close.
"Should have told you," John said again. His teeth chattered, and he could not quite get the words out. "Sorry. Should have. I should have—I wanted—"
"No, I'm—" John shakes his head, smiles. It is not a happy smile. "I'm here because I was humming the theme from
The world's most observant man, failing to notice that the red smear on the ground wasn't liquid but fabric.
Lestrade shrugged again, looked away. The gesture seemed practiced, a forced attempt at nonchalance.
"What are you saying? Don't be ridiculous. No you're not. Why would you be? I'd have noticed. Wouldn't I have noticed? Of course I'd have noticed. I notice everything. When is this meant to have happened? You—"
"Sorry if I've got it wrong," John said. He took his hand away, rubbed his own face. He looked tired, defeated. His nervous little smile had faded. "It's just—earlier. You seemed. It—"
"Don't feel bad for him," Sally Donovan had told him, once. "He prefers it that way. Being alone. He only puts up with us in the field because he needs us."
He was late, he knew. Not terribly so, not yet, but later than usual. He had not taken the tube. He'd bundled his thick winter coat close and had put his head down and walked. And walked. And walked.
John had not dreamed of anything at all. He'd lain awake for hours, staring at the ceiling, thinking of the mysterious man and his mysterious messages.
It was easier, keeping Sherlock at bay. She feared he might figure her out, one day. That he might look at her and know what she'd done.
For God's sake, he'd been dangerously bored playing at domestic life in the suburbs once already, and that was
"It's no laughing matter, I'm afraid," she said. She put her hand on his arm. Her grip was surprisingly firm. "I will need to know who sent you."
"Yeah," he said. He pinched the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger, looked up at the ceiling. "Good. I'm good."
"No," he agrees. He puts the lid back on the box. The thing inside is uncomfortable to look at. "Seems like he wasn't."
"Ah," John said again. He cleared his throat, flattened his palms against his thighs. He was oddly nervous, warmth creeping up the back of his neck. "Look, Janine. Er. I—I think. I think I might owe you an apology—"
He frowned, tapped the icon. Hesitated as he realised the notification was not for Alice, as he'd thought, but for his own personal account which he rarely used.
It had been easy enough to purchase tickets to the snorkeling experience, and even easier than that to distract the attendant and send him scuttling from the room in search of a better-fitting mask (and, perhaps, to have a bit of a cry—he'd been rather ruthless with his deductions). Sherlock had not wasted any time. He'd slipped into the water, bypassed the cage meant to allow tourists to experience a controlled adrenaline rush, and descended in search of his quarry.
"Yes," Sherlock said. He stepped closer, passed Rosie back to John. He hesitated, lay a tentative hand against John's cheek. "You should."
The aquarium has emptied out around them, police and staff having herded the protesting crowds towards the exits. He does not know what John has said or done to avoid being among them. And worse, he does not know
Sherlock was right, of course. He'd admitted his own fault to himself long ago. He did not, particularly, feel like admitting it to Sherlock as well.
"Then I saw you in that shop. And you had your little girl, and you were smiling. And you looked me dead in the eye and you called me his name."
"A . . . case?" Sherlock furrowed his brow. "You mean a case other than the delicate and complex operation I'm currently engaged in?"
because the kind of person who would do something like this is not the kind of person that John wants to know. No matter how much he has missed him.
The thought was maddening. As if he had any claim. He'd walked away. He'd looked into Sherlock's pained and pleading eyes and had turned his back.
John smiles again, a painful, hurt thing. "Yeah, that's the problem. And that's enough. I've had enough."
He yanked on the door again, harder this time. Turned back around. Bumped up against Sherlock, who had somehow crowded even closer in the small space.
He went back through the door and onto the street. The cold night air did nothing to cool the flush in his cheeks.
He'd waited for something to happen. Had waited for Sherlock to reach out, to try again, to come back. Sherlock trampled boundaries, it was
"Well," he says, babbling desperately now, because if he keeps talking perhaps he can finally stumble upon a good reason for having done this. "He's utter pants at herding sheep, I'm told. But maybe he could—I don't know. Maybe he could be all right at solving crime. Or—er—fetching mud samples for you. Or—" He stops speaking, looks up at the ceiling, the wall. Anywhere but at Sherlock.
Sherlock swallows again. Bounces a bit on the balls of his feet. He is aware, suddenly, that he has stopped walking and he starts again, abrupt. "Fine. He's arranged an empty laboratory for additional coursework
John shook his head. His eyes were damp, his hand clenched tightly at his side. "Sherlock, this isn't exactly easy for me. Just—just let me—"
And so he'd left Rosie playing under Mrs Hudson's watchful eye, made his way to the little shop that Sherlock had directed him to. He thought about Sherlock and Janine, at
"I only meant," he said, backpedaling now in spite of his own instincts, hating the sullen heavy silence at the other end of the line. "Sherlock did most of the—well, you know. The arrangements. I was rubbish at it. Better to just let him take over. Photos were very nice. Well, I mean, the photographer
"How long have you known Jimmy McCarthy?" Sherlock asked her, careful to keep his voice encouraging, very conscious of John at his side.
The queasy feeling that had been pooling in Sherlock's stomach coalesced into a solid ball of dread. The smoke that had soothed his nerves moments ago now tasted sour and vile in the back of his throat. For a moment he feared he might be sick.
He wanted, and he knew he shouldn't want. This was something that was fine for other people, for ordinary people with their ordinary lives. It was good, it was—it wasn't something that he could have. His mind already went blank,
He imagined himself long dead, desiccated, a stiff and withered display tied to a chair in the middle of a rotting room. Sherlock, in his long coat with the collar up, studying him from the doorway.
"The way you always used to do when something came up. Just—barging in, making a scene. Dragging me off somewhere."
Sherlock nodded slowly, unable to pull his gaze away. John, in the doorway. John at Baker Street. John, still in the clothes he'd worn the day before (dry now, but wrinkled and stained), looking drawn and pale and wearier than Sherlock had ever seen him. It made his heart ache, that sight, made him want to do something ill-advised like cross the room and take John in his arms.
"Am I understanding you correctly?“ Sherlock said, turning his full focus to Lestrade. "Molly Hooper inexplicably found a priceless missing gem in her dinner, and you came rushing over here to tell me because I’d be—”
Well, then. Mrs Hudson had not been entirely mistaken after all. Whatever Sherlock had been doing, whatever he'd been
Sherlock shrugs. Looks at him. "I suspect a combination of failing grades, substance abuse, and poor impulse control."
"She said you do that," John says. He's staring at Sherlock with an expression that seems caught halfway between amazement and outrage.
"I don't want to be like Arthur Bell," John said, and sniffed hard. He flexed his hand, looked up at the ceiling. "I don't want to end up like that. Bitter. Angry. Letting his life fall down around him because he got dealt a shit hand and couldn't get over it. Blaming everyone but himself for letting it get so bad."
"Yeah," John said. He breathed out, relieved to have something to talk about. "She—every day it's something new." He cleared his throat. "Can I take your coat?"
The laugh forced its way up through his throat, a sharp bark that seemed entirely too loud. He put his hand over his mouth, shut his eyes. Snorted.
Christmas, the first and only one he'd shared with Sherlock, the one that felt like it could have been the start of forever.
His skin had come over cold. He leaned forward, kept his arms folded protectively in front of him. Breathed out hard. "If she knew, then why didn't she say anything?"
It didn't matter. Sherlock had misjudged the situation, and it didn't matter how receptive John would or would not have been to his appearance at the front door. It didn't matter, because John's problem had been much larger and much more urgent than even Sherlock had suspected, and it had come knocking first.
He scooped some of the eggs into a bowl for Rosie, waited for them to cool. Poured some juice into her sippy cup and set it in front of her. She seized it with both hands, grinned at him.
He sagged, pressed his hands against the edge of the sink to catch his weight. He was tired. He was so very tired.
He thought of John's face—how it had tightened up, his eyes gone hard, his mouth gone flat—when Sherlock had called Charles McCarthy by the wrong name. Thought of the way that all of the comfortable good humour they shared had begun to dissipate when they found themselves alone together. Thought of the way the space between them felt strangely charged and heavy, the way his skin would prickle and his stomach would knot, the very air seeming to crackle with anticipation of
"I know," John said, and he thought again of Evan as he'd last seen him. Evan, on the ground with his eyes wide open. There had been no peace in his expression, no comfort. "I'm sorry."
Sherlock looks at him, as if surprised to hear him speak at all. "Now you take Silver Blaze back to King's Pyland. Tell everyone you found him roaming the moors. You'll be the hero of the hour."
"I’m just so glad you're home," Mrs Hudson said, and John shut his eyes again, nodded, let her hug him.
The McCarthy house was large, well-kept, set back from the road on a rambling plot of land. Picturesque and isolated, far from the endless winding rows of neat brick homes near the rail station.
The aging wallpaper rasped against the fabric of Sherlock's shirt as he slid, stunned and boneless, against the wall.
Sherlock swallowed. Was all too conscious of the cold damp air, even through his coat. "Implying that someone else did."
"Certainly not," Sherlock agreed, and after a moment's hesitation he tipped forward, his forehead ever-so-briefly resting against John's shoulder.
The sun had not yet begun to peek over the horizon when he gave up on sleep. He threw back the covers. The flat was still quite cold, and he dashed off another angry email to his landlord while he waited for the kettle to boil.
He bolted up from the chair, tore down the stairs without bothering to stop for his coat. Baker Street was crowded, pedestrians in heavy coats bustling along the pavement, exhaust wafting up from passing cars.
John is surprised to see her. She'd objected strongly to his departure from Baker Street. He thinks she'll object again once she sees where he's landed. It's not quite a bedsit, but it's bland and impersonal and utterly lifeless.
The fragile spark of hope guttered, died. He cleared his throat, continued on into the kitchen, shoved aside a stack of filthy glassware to get at the kettle.
He'd missed this. All of it. He'd missed Sherlock terribly. He'd never known anyone on earth quite like him. They just—they just fit.
Sherlock was calm, composed, aloof. His expression and body language gave nothing away. There was no trace of the soppy smile he had worn mere moments ago as Janine had peeled herself from his side.
"Practical jokes don't tend to play themselves," she said, and lifted her brows. "I'm quite willing to let you leave. You can walk away. Free and clear. But I will need to know the name of the person who sent you here."
Sherlock looks at him. He is hesitant, John thinks, and that isn't right. Sherlock is many things, but he's never
"Mrs Hudson is not your housekeeper," Harry says, brandishing a jar of eyeballs. "And neither am I."
"Right," John said. He was still smiling, his interest clearly caught in spite of himself. "Well. Do I have time for another cup of tea before the cavalry arrives?"
"Oh, God," he said. He pushed through the door to the surgery, stood breathing hard in the little reception area. There were a few patients already waiting. One woman shifted in her seat, turned to look at him curiously.
"I've been back at Baker Street a lot lately," he'd told Harry, skirting entirely around the subject of Mary and money and jobs. "Cases, and—well. That sort of thing. It's been good. Yeah."
"Um," John said. His breath steamed in the cold air. He found himself once again fighting back the urge to giggle.
"What—?" John stepped back, looked him up and down. His mouth had gone dry, his heart thudding in his chest.
"I believe it's more likely that someone is deliberately withholding information. He can only act on what he knows, and if there are one or more people on the inside working against him—"
"Walk with me, John," Sherlock says, and he turns around. He goes through the door without a second glance at the dog, who has resumed barking anew.
Sherlock shifted where he stood, looked at the coffin. Above and to his left, one of the overhead lights had begun to falter. It hummed and buzzed, faintly flickering.
"John," Sherlock says again. He smiles. It is easy, now that he knows he is right. Now that the pieces have fallen into place and he's made his deductions. Now that he knows that he might get what he wants after all, somehow, in spite of everything. "This whole time, you've been right about one thing and one thing only—that we can't go on as we have been. It
"This is John Watson, the best man," Janine said. "John, these are my bridesmaids. Old friends from uni."
A weight on him, warm, pressing. Familiar. Wool under his nose, brushing against chafed and irritated skin. It smelled like Sherlock.
"—interested," he said, looking back at Pete. He squared his shoulders, met his gaze steadily. "I'm not interested. Thank you, though, I'm—I'm flattered. Really." He
"All right," John echoed. He dropped his hand from Sherlock's cheek, smiled. It was a bright smile, unfettered, joyful. It lifted years from his face. "All right, good."
Back through the side door, into the crowded room with the string quartet and the steady hum of conversation. Plates clinked together. Someone laughed, the sound overloud and startling.
"It's fine," Sherlock says. Rosie grabs for his sleeve, leaving a smear of banana on his suit jacket.
"You've had it for years," John said. He did not look angry, or worried, or upset. His face was mild, possibly a little smug. Smug? Why smug?
Joe Straker, he is told, returned home as expected after a long day working with the horses. He and his wife sat down for a meal of curried mutton (Joe's favourite). As was his custom, after finishing his meal, Joe took the leftovers out to the barn to share with the night watchman. He then returned home.
"That's not what I—" John shook his head. "I don't want you to tell me what to do. I just want—just—don't fade away, Sherlock. Don't politely excuse yourself from my life. Because I'm afraid that I'll let you."
John walked into his back, put out an apologetic hand to steady himself. There was a warm pressure on Sherlock's waist, there and gone.
"No need to apologise," Sherlock said, his voice bright and much too loud for the small room. He spoke quickly, as if he'd been saving his words and simply waiting for the proper moment to deploy them. "Error in judgement. Happens to the best of us."
By January second, Rosie had decided she liked the board books she'd received for Christmas after all.
Sherlock tuned him out. Stood up. Brushed past Molly and went through the kitchen, down the hall into his bedroom. Shut the door.
John looks at him, says nothing. He is leaning against the wall near one of the viewing windows, arms crossed. His face is bathed in rippling blues, his expression unreadable.
"Why are you here?" John asked him again. He was not quite sure he wanted to hear the answer. He was not quite sure he could bear
And then they were both laughing, muffled giggles that seemed overloud in the cramped space. John's eyes stung. His breath had gone shaky.
"He said that Dimmock knew where the suspect lived and was going to have someone pick him up at home. There was no need for you to go chasing him across any rooftops."
Sherlock had leaned down, pressed his forehead against the top of John's head. Shut his eyes. Held on.
"Oh for—" John picked up the box, brandished it at Sherlock, fought the urge to throw it at his head. "You didn't let her keep it this time? For Christ's sake, how many times are you going to give her this thing and then take it back? Let her sell it and be done with it."
"Yes," Sherlock agreed, his voice gone all hushed and reverent. They were toffee-eyed, the pair of them. Every word seemed to thrum with an electric hidden meaning.
"I was the one who found him. He was just. He was just lying there. Eyes open. He'd been dead for a little while. Maybe an hour, maybe more." John smiled tightly, looked down at his lap. Thought of the way Evan had trailed after him for weeks after that, pale and haunted. Accusing. "I never even knew he had a problem. If he had a problem, even. He hid it well, if he did. And I never knew if it was. Um. Accidental, or if he meant to—"
And then Billy Wiggins is hurrying over along with Molly Hooper and Philip Anderson and they are smiling and slapping him on the back and he cannot help but sneak a glance back in Sherlock's direction.
She opened her mouth to say—to say what, exactly?—but he had already straightened up and pushed away from the table. He stepped towards the gurney with his shoulders squared and his jaw set.
"Strangulation," Sherlock said. He followed the trails in the crushed grass, paused. "Here. Right here. Face-to-face, judging by the marks on the neck." He extended his hands, mimed grabbing at a throat. "The killer would have been looking right at him, lowering him down to the ground, watching as the life went out of his eyes."
"She has a lot of toys and things. Says her daughter's outgrown them. She's planning on binning it. Thought maybe you'd like some of it for Rosie."
John shifted in his seat next to him. Cleared his throat. "Er—any chance you could clarify what it was that they fought about?"
"I don't know what I'm doing. I don't—I spent the last year of my life living in a place I don't particularly like, doing a job I don't particularly enjoy, and I—I still don't quite know why," John said. "I just. Keep doing things that I don't want to do. Yeah? I almost died yesterday. And it's not the first time that's happened, but it
"Sorry," Sherlock said. He pursed his lips, looked down at the ground. He fidgeted with his hands. "It was not my intention to upset you."
The realtor he'd reached out to in London had sent a list of properties. He hadn't looked at any of them.
He went to his chair and sat, listened to Sherlock rummaging in the kitchen. His chair was comfortable. The flat was comfortable. He'd always liked it. Sometimes he wished he still lived there.
"John!" Mrs Hudson cried as he pushed through the door, shutting it behind him against the winter chill. "Oh, it's in all the papers. I had no idea they were so serious!"
The entrance to 221B Baker Street was right next to a charming little café with a red awning. John hesitated at the door, looking both ways, but the few people out on the pavement braving the rain had their heads down or buried under heavy umbrellas, shoulders hunched against the weather. No one paid him any mind.
John snorts, looks away. He is quite clearly wrestling with some sort of emotion. It looks like amusement, but surely it cannot be that. Not here. Not with salt water dribbling slowly and persistently down Sherlock's back and jellyfish bobbing serenely behind thick glass. Not here. Not where Mary died.
it was the one place in the world where he'd always felt most at home and it couldn't possibly last.
The email was blank. Whatever John had intended to say, whatever he'd wanted Sherlock to understand, he'd never found the words.
"Something like that," Sherlock said, a slow smile spreading across his face. "Gone wrong, or . . . gone right."
"Sherlock," John said, and he was so close his breath puffed against Sherlock's face. The window was open behind him, letting in that sharp-sweet-sour
There were no body parts in the fridge, which he put down to Janine's influence. There were no beverages, either, which was almost certainly Sherlock's fault. He settled for filling a glass with water from the tap, drinking it while standing at the sink.
It was an appealing expression, one that was easy to miss unless you knew where to look. John knew where to look.
"It looks . . . nice," Molly said, when she came to visit Rosie. Her mouth was pinched, her eyes sad.
Mycroft had met his gaze, his eyes narrowed, a predator spotting weakness and circling for the kill. "Then you'd be comfortable unleashing her on the general population?"
Sherlock had not looked particularly perturbed. He'd lifted his brows and said: "When exactly did she stop displaying signs of happiness?"
"He's forgiven me," John said, and he smiled. It was a painful thing, that smile, pulling at his mouth with no joy behind it. "Or—worse—he thinks there's nothing to forgive."
John looked away, stared hard at the window. He did not know how long the storm was expected to last. He hadn't made a habit of checking the weather in Cumbria. There'd been no reason to.
"Not even worth the time it would take to explain," Sherlock says, with a dismissive little flick of his hand. "Boring. I'll fall asleep if I have to think about it again."
Not Sherlock. The man looked up at him with baleful eyes as he drew close. Started to laugh. His leg was broken, his knuckles red and raw.
"I know," Mycroft said. "Lucky for you, I took note of your careless nature years ago and procured—replacements. Just in case. You do tend to grow attached."
He'd gotten a Christmas gift for Rosie. He'd gone to the shops. Early in the morning, so as to avoid the crush of holiday shoppers with their vacant expressions and slow shambling steps. A man had thrown a punch at him when he'd (helpfully) suggested that the gift he was buying for his wife was not to her taste. Even so, he'd prevailed, had returned home with his prize. Mrs Hudson had offered to wrap it, but he'd done it himself. Tucked it in the back of his bedroom wardrobe. John would not know to look for it there, but hopefully Mrs Hudson would remember. Christmas morning was important to children. Wasn't it?
He'd left the curtains open, and a full moon hung heavy and bright in the sky. He stared at it for a moment, sweat cooling on his skin, his hands clenched at his sides.
"John," she said. Her voice had softened, but her eyes were still sharp. "What have you got yourself mixed up in?"
There was a pause—she was weighing her words, he knew. Whether it was appropriate to be concerned. He rarely, if ever, called her. He preferred to text.
"I didn't know what to do," John says. He stands up from the bench, takes her hand. He feels strangely like crying. "What was I supposed to do?"
"She'll apologise," Sherlock had said. He'd come into the kitchen, stepping carefully around the shattered remains of John's favourite mug. It hurt, a bit, seeing it in pieces on the floor. The mug had been a resident of Baker Street for as long as John had.
Instead he'd soaked up John's warmth, had stolen a taste of John's lips, had fallen asleep breathing John's scent.
"So," he said, looking back at Janine. He cleared his throat, suddenly awkward, recalling the way they'd parted the night before. "How was the—er—hen night?"
Sherlock nuzzled closer, seeking a kiss, and John breathed out hard, met his lips. Focused on the sweat cooling on his skin, on the warm welcome press of Sherlock's lean body against his own.
He did open it, occasionally, to air out the room after changing Rosie. But the early January air had been biting cold, and he'd opted to spray a bit of air freshener instead the last few days.
He picked up his violin from the desk, lifted it to his shoulder. He stared out the window at the swirling snow, played the first strains of
Sherlock should not have needed to request Janine's assistance for the case at all. He could have just asked John.
Mrs Hudson made a distressed sound, went to the freezer, emerged with a bag of frozen peas. "Hold still."
She gave the crumpled taxi little more than a passing glance as she approached. Her face was pinched with concern. "Are you all right? What happened?"
Three hours later he exits the train in Exeter. He has been sitting with his thoughts for too long. The shine of spontaneity has worn off and he regrets coming all this way.
Sherlock typed back. He dropped his phone into the passenger seat and returned his attention to the laptop.
John smiles, lifts his eyes to meet Sherlock's gaze. There is something open and earnest in his face, and Sherlock finds himself wanting quite badly to know him.
Because Sherlock had been messy, Sherlock had been all-consuming, Sherlock had been everything to him. And then Sherlock had been gone.
, and he'd been preoccupied thinking about all of the ways his life would change and all of the ways that it wouldn't.
He looked down at his phone, swore when he saw several missed calls from Sarah. He moved off to the side, out of the way, and listened to his voicemail.
He'd gone inside with his chest twinging, suddenly quite nervous. He'd leaned heavily on his crutches.
"Is this—" he pulled back with some difficulty, looked down at Sherlock, wide-eyed and stunned in his bed, his
She paused in the doorway, cradling the bag against her body. "Well. Suppose I'll see you later, then. Be glad to have this over with, to be honest."
"Depressing place. Single room. Grey walls. I told him he ought to move out, but he won't leave London. Can't afford anything better. His army pension's shit."
John clears his throat, attempts a smile. Mary is used to people deferring to her. She is very good at her job, and just a little bit frightening.
"Mm. The one in her cottage was terribly outdated, or so she told me. She'll likely be able to afford an extended holiday, too," Sherlock said. "Or several."
"You turned her down. You told her you were flattered, but not really looking for anything. That you were still—grieving. That you were, for all intents and purposes, married to your work."
John lifts the lid off of the box, looks at the clunky, odd thing inside. He lifts it up. It is heavier than it looks. The nest of wires at the back are soldered together in unusual permutations.
money. If I had to guess, I'd say he's extorting it from your father. Bit of blackmail from back in the day. Likely the source of tension between your parents." He smiled without humour. "Well. I suppose everyone has their secrets."
"I—erm. Assured her that wouldn't be necessary. Both times." John made a strangled noise that might have been a laugh. "And I—well. I did everything in my power not to disappoint her. Again." He paused, looked at Sherlock, his eyes bright. "Or you. Especially you."
"Janine," Sherlock said, turning to look at her. He was smiling, his eager smile, his game-is-on smile, and John's chest clenched at the realization that it wasn't for him.
Mrs Hudson had loved Rosie fiercely, had doted on her. She may not have been blood, but she had been
Sherlock sighed, sat up, scrubbed his hands through his hair. It felt heavy, limp against his scalp. His chin bristled with stubble. He had been permitted basic hygiene but had not been allowed to shower, had not been allowed to shave.
He'd been captured. Interrogated. Tortured. The very fact that he was walking around at all was nothing short of miraculous.
John had, at the time, thought it was down to Sherlock having a new perspective on life, on family, on all of those complicated yet necessary relationships.
Mycroft settled in beside him, staring off into the middle distance. Sherlock was entirely too conscious of his eyes on him, of his steady determination not to break the silence first.
, who he no longer had any chance at reaching. Sherlock, who was going to die alone and in pain and waiting for help that would never come. "Unfortunate."
"I'm given to understand that it's what people do on birthdays. Sometimes there's a candle, and sometimes there's a chorus of waiters, but there's always cake."
"I'm glad for it," John said. "It feels like home. It's the only thing that does, really. Now. With Rosie gone."
He looked at the window. He could leave, he knew. Could slip out and vanish into the underbelly of the city without either of them realising until it was too late.
"So—" John interrupted, anxious to change the subject. He cleared his throat, looked at Janine. Found himself unable to look away from that ring on her finger. "You two—?"
"I don't want you to piss off," John said. He tipped his head back, the stiff ends of his drying hair rustling against Sherlock's shirt. Sherlock's arm was still slung across his chest, keeping him from rolling off the narrow seat onto the floor. It was surreal, strange, the sort of thing he could not ever have imagined over a year's worth of lonely, self-pitying nights.
"I'm nothing of the sort, dear, and you know it," she'd said. And then she'd patted at the pocket of her cardigan. "Oh! I'm to tell you to meet Sherlock at this address."
Lestrade took uncomfortably long to respond. Sherlock tried not to imagine him standing amidst the wreckage of John's flat, answering questions while police flitted around in search of evidence they would not find.
"Nothing at all," John said. "And this isn't a good time. I've got patients. If you'd like to schedule something with our receptionist, I can—"
Well, it didn't matter. Sherlock was putting on an act. The phone and the disinterested stare were all part of it. For all John knew, he'd spent the night solving crimes on Twitter while photographers snapped away. Or perhaps he'd been texting Irene.
"Still might be worth checking the stairwells," Lestrade said, but doubt had crept into his voice. "Maybe he got carried away. Had a fall and just couldn't make it back."
Sherlock grumbled and sat up. It was early yet. The sky was grey. He listened to John's footsteps on the stairs, the creak and slam of the front door.
John knows better. And he should be angry. But he is not. He is tired, and he thinks he might be sad, he thinks he might always be sad, but he mostly feels nothing at all. And that is all right. He is able to wake up in the morning, he is able to manage a reasonable facsimile of normal human behaviour. There is not much more he could ask for.
Bell paused in the doorway, his shoulders slumped. Then he continued on. John listened as his footsteps receded. Outside, the rumble of an engine, the wet muted crunch of tires on snow.
"Right," John says. "And is there any reason you couldn't have just given all of this information to the police and let them have at it?"
Bristol, he thought. Well. It wasn't as if he hadn't known. Bit farther than he'd expected, that was all. He'd thought John would be simply going across London. Again.
"Sod the first time around," Sherlock says, because he hadn't been listening, hadn't been paying attention, but there was no way that whatever he'd missed had been
He sits up. His back cracks. When he stands, his knees pop. He has been ruminating on the sofa for some time. Hours, perhaps.
"Mm," Sherlock agreed, glancing up and flashing her a too-quick, too-bright smile. "Rather insulting, don't you think? Twice the fool. You
He blinked once, hard, struggled to focus. The room was very bright. There were clouds behind Sherlock, grey clouds, thick and rolling along the far wall.
"Not everything has to be a bloody trip down memory lane," John said, but his complaint was tinged with humour. Sherlock bit his lip and he sighed, tipped his head back.
"They've cleared your name in the papers," John said. He'd finished his fish and was eating the chips slowly as he walked, carton cradled against his chest, licking hot salt from his own chilled fingers.
"Mm," John said. He hesitated for a moment, not entirely sure what to make of Sherlock's quiet tone. "You're awake."
He stands, ice pooling in his veins, and crosses the room in four quick strides. Blood patters to the ground in his wake. He takes the phone from Molly.
He opened his eyes, cotton-mouthed and gasping on the floor. His limbs were leaden, slow to respond.
John had touched his face, had shaken his head, had offered a sad little smile. "Sherlock, she may not share your genes, but she's as much your daughter as mine. You know that. You've always known that."
Evan had not wanted to go to war. Evan had simply wanted to get away, had wanted to squirm out from beneath the weight of familial expectations. The army had given him a chance to do that. But he'd been ill-suited for it, right from the start.
"When we're stuck in some cornfield with no service, you'll be glad I have these!" Sally shouts back.
"Excellent," Sherlock said, summoning his last bit of strength. "You've caught on. Case closed, mystery solved. Try not to let the door hit you on your way out."
John breathed out hard. His eyes had begun to sting. The plain, uncomplicated warmth of those words settled over him, banishing the uncomfortable tension in the air.
"Did she bake you something nice, then, Sherlock?" Mrs Hudson piped up behind him, peering over his shoulder. "Oh. Oh
Several rows of folding tables had been arranged into makeshift aisles, each topped with odd little displays. There were piles of sports memorabilia and crates of old records, dusty comic books with brittle yellowed pages encased in plastic sleeves.
"To be fair, he doesn't look entirely happy," Sherlock said. "In fact, he appeared quite nervous around the horse."
"I don't think you really understand why I'm angry with you. Yeah? Because if you did, maybe you'd have—" John stopped, his eyes stinging.
The case is disappointing. He has it wrapped up within an hour, solves a case of mistaken identity over Twitter on the cab ride home for good measure.
Surely he was reading too much into things. His conversations with Lazarus had him paranoid, suspecting everyone and everything. He was ascribing malicious intent to an IT tech who was probably just a bit socially awkward. He was—
"Right," John said, uneasiness settling into his gut. He watched as Sherlock put on his suit jacket and fussed with the tie, his movements careful, precise.
John stands in the sitting room for much longer than necessary. He stares at Sherlock's bedroom door and wonders what might happen if he were to knock, if he were to let himself in.
John had shifted in the bed, had draped an arm around Sherlock in spite of the heat, had pulled him a little bit closer.
"If you've come to harass me about the Borgia Pearl—" Sherlock said, setting his pint glass down on the table rather firmly, "—the answer is still no."
He'd realized, there in the snow, that he wanted to hear whatever it was that John was not saying. John, who had looked at him with such a strange and fond expression on the stairs and had said
"Is it working?" John asked, lifting his head. He was smiling a little bit, a crooked hopeful smile. His hair had flattened down on one side. Sherlock wanted badly to reach out and fix it.
