When he smelled smoke, he thought at first he was still dreaming.  Then he woke more completely to discover that dusk was setting in.  Someone had got a campfire going.
John checked (again) to make sure they’d brought the bag with the Christmas gifts. “Sherlock, if you hadn’t wanted us to go, you would have simply told Mycroft ‘no.’ Instead you flung yourself over every piece of furniture in the flat...”
They left the tea things in the living room and retreated to the bedroom, where they undressed and curled close together. Sherlock was right. John was so tired that Sherlock’s sunny autumn scent was intensely comforting rather than arousing.
“I know that.”
John froze.
“One more question. Tyler, why did you need the money so badly?”
But Sherlock’s pouch slit... No mere line this but rather two distinct lips, both glistening slightly in a way that made their rosy brown colour glow. John reached out to touch, watching Sherlock’s face carefully. Sherlock, propped up on his elbows, watched as well – not John’s face, but his hands. When John’s fingers began to stroke the slit, Sherlock’s mouth opened in a soundless “o.” He seemed entranced.
John interrupted, stepping forward.  “Dr Hooper?  Dr John Watson.”  He extended a hand, which she took gingerly.  “Sherlock speaks highly of your work.”
“Andreyev, for example?” suggested Ivan.
“David, stop
John let out a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding, slung his duffle over his good shoulder and took hold of his cane with that hand, using the other hand to manage his suitcase.  As he started forward another man, already heading for the Inverness bus, turned to argue.  “How come he gets to go to London and we’re being shipped up to bloody Scotland?”
“Occasionally I helped town magistrates solve crimes when they were out of their depth, which was always.  Sometimes I got paid for that.”
John nodded. “Tattoo artists must deal with that sort of thing a lot.  Like bartenders.”
He turned to go back, but the way behind him was closed off by a wall of rock.  He turned again to go forward, but there was no way forward.  He was surrounded by rock.  But no, that wasn’t so.  He could see the moon shining overhead, framed in a circle of stone.  He was at the bottom of a well, and the water was rising, up to his ankles, then his calves, then his knees.  If he’d been wearing trousers, they would have been soaked.
“Promised whom? Oi, stop messing up my hair! What am I meant to look like, anyway?”
He clattered down the stairs and slammed the front door behind him, not caring what Mrs Hudson might think. Let her ask Sherlock Fucking Holmes what had happened.
“We’re done eating.  I was sixteen when I came to London to start university.”
“Magnussen would never have shared information with the police. He would have added it to what he already had on file for Mary and used it to control her, you and by extension, me. I would still have been shot. Mary would still be an assassin. And all three of us would be at Magnussen’s non-existent mercy.”
“We need you to tell us what
And she took off down the corridor.
Apparently not, because Sherlock scowled at him and instead of answering, asked Lestrade, “So where are we?”
“Er, Sherlock? There was no piano on stage.”
.  But not then.  I’d had... my dealer.  But he was dead, as a result of my own actions.”
“Really, John, googling is not beyond even you.”
Ivan sat up straight, suddenly angry.
“Billy,” said Sherlock, “Your enthusiasm is appreciated, but I need someone with specific skills today.”
“But Lestrade doesn’t, does he? Seriously, Sherlock, you need to think of something we can tell him. MI-5 barged in this morning and confiscated the contents of Magnussen’s office and flat, but left Lestrade with the murder case. And a drunken elderly gent who lives on Craven Hills Terrace reported seeing a large projection of a blonde, blue-eyed woman on the buildings across the street last night. What the hell was that meant to be?”
“Precisely. Sherlock assured me that the young lady would be able to manage on her own once she was out of the UK.”
“Bit of a mixed message there, Sherlock.”
In due time, a car arrived. The anonymously handsome young man in the back seat asked, “Home?”  John nodded because it was easier than specifying any other destination and was delivered to his own doorstep.  The car waited until he’d actually gone inside before pulling away.
Enough of this.  Sherlock was beyond his help, but these people needed him to think and plan and find a way to get them home.
“You did. Wait, stop a moment.” Sherlock looked quickly up and down the street. Then he swung both his arms to the left, took a deep breath, rose onto his left foot and did a full-circle pirouette.
hasn’t told you everything you need to know.”  With that Donovan sauntered off again.
me that, and then,”  Tyler took a deep breath, “Uncle Don stopped breathing.  It got really, really quiet and I didn’t know why and then I realized it was because I couldn’t hear him panting anymore.  I put my head on his chest and he wasn’t breathing and his heart wasn’t beating and his face was all funny.  And the stupid cow on the phone kept telling me that help was coming.”
“Most of us don’t delete things on a regular basis.”
take care of Magnussen on my own. If Sherlock hadn’t come bumbling in, you’d never have known.”
“The day Mike introduced us, did you recognize me?”
for him, grabbing him, clasping onto him in every way she could. And the
“I didn’t – or tried not to – think too much about what might happen if I did survive and made it back.”
“Yes, I flew out to Spain on the 5
“Of course. Do you want me to tell you?”
“I think we’ve got past that point, Sherlock.  You’re standing there with a great hole gaping open in your chest.  I take it that this is the part where I pick your heart up?”
,” said John gloomily.  “You know, we’re both barmy, sitting here in a pub talking about body parts.”
“But?”
“That’s bollocks,” John replied.  “Anyone who’s not willing to use a gun shouldn’t be carrying it in the first place.”  And he tucked the gun into the back of his jeans.
John frowned. Tyler’s response was hardly convincing, but it seemed like an odd thing to lie about.
Dusk was beginning to fall, making it harder to see anything outside.  John’s thoughts drifted back to their earlier train.  His uncle had bought him a suit for his wedding and a decently made one at that, to put up a good show for Lord Holmes.  Still, John had felt awkward in it and all the more so as he was introduced to the lord and his lady.  Lord Holmes shook John’s hand genially.  Lady Holmes... glared, as if John had already managed to offend her.
Sherlock’s frown reappeared. “You can’t be ‘all mine,’ nor can I be ‘all yours.’”
“You mean
“Years ago. Possibly a decade or two.” John waited for Sherlock’s scathing comment on his lack of precision.
“My forensics team knows not to go pulling the body’s shoes off without good reason.”
“Yes, sir!” Billy replied with a grin.  “Found it straight off, and a good thing I got there before the copper did.  Where it was lying, he would’ve seen it for sure.”
By the time John’s phone rang at 5:27 AM, both he and Sherlock had wound down considerably, but Sherlock sat bolt upright the moment the phone began to trill.
“Yours.”
“I won’t press. But know this: whoever it was, I’m not them.”
“Mmmm, sometimes I think you might be.”
you because you’re a good person. Not that you can’t also be a royal pain in the arse, but... Greg likes you.
“Not quite. I
Sherlock looked extremely dubious.
“Right. Of course.”
Sherlock shrugged.
Mary could have made that shot.
Oh! His cycling gear! He’d been making good progress on cycling, shame to give it up now. But there wasn’t enough space remaining in the box for his gear, so he had to start a second box. And there was the bicycle itself to think of. He’d never manage all this on the Tube. The taxi fare would be exorbitant, even if the driver could be persuaded to carry the bike.
The line shone white on white for a moment, then started to flush rosy red.
, over and over and over?”
“Go on, those used to be bloke’s names?”
“Most likely.”
“Greg.”
the telly he watched was trash telly, so there!
“Not at all. Just – I heard that the kilt was invented so that a Scotsman could get in and do the deed before the lady changed her mind.”
On the strength of four days’ acquaintance and a 14-year-old memory, Sherlock had trusted that John was both willing and able to protect him.  And in response to that trust, John had acted without hesitation.  Even now, with the adrenaline in his veins beginning to wear off, John had no qualms about killing Phelps.  He felt worse about lying to Lestrade, not because Lestrade was the police but because he rather liked the man.
Then the clatter of ceramic against wood, followed by, “Oh, hell! I’m sorry, oh god, it’s dripping onto the floor, I’m sorry...” Dexter sounded as if he were about to cry.
“There’s a second set of footprints on top of the paramedics’.” Sherlock glared at Lestrade, who shrugged again.
“Yes. Someone I was reasonably sure wouldn’t shoot me. I was quite close by the time Mary turned.”
“Research scientists can be extremely competitive, isn’t that right, Dr Campbell-Williams? That’s as true in biochemistry as in your own field, physics.  They can be competitive to the point of breaking in, copying data and then covering their tracks with a little casual vandalism.  I’ll need a list of other research groups currently doing work comparable to yours.”
“You can borrow one of my t-shirts,” replied Sherlock, heading for his own room.
John turned to find Dexter smiling at him. “Hi, Dr Watson, uh, John. It’s Dexter? Sherlock’s, uh, well, Sherlock’s ex, I suppose.”
Police cars and yellow tape half a block on marked their destination, an alley between two buildings.  To John’s shocked surprise, the pretty, dark-skinned woman who stood guard at the tape greeted Sherlock with, “Hello, Freak.”
“Sherlock,” snarled John, “Shut up and play.”
present when...”
“Now open it.”
Left alone beside the fire, Ivan stared into the flames, trying to balance trust and risk.  He was almost glad of the distraction when his belly growled, although they had no food and it would be useless to try hunting for small game in the dark.  He remembered Marfa Hudovna’s cooking a bit wistfully – and then thought of the sack she had given him.  It still hung from his belt, apparently empty.
“It’s simple. I want to meet your parents.”
There was no information available. Sherlock was still in the OR.
“Would the police know the difference?”
“But then Magnussen would have called the police.”
she’s dead, she
Sherlock hmmm’ed and moved his slide a bit to the left.
“I, ah, needed more clothes.”
“Correct, only a few bits and pieces.”
“Yeah, well, if she was in Sherlock’s pouch right this minute she’d have her face inches away from a dead body.” Both men looked over to where Sherlock was deducing the corpse, then back at Madeleine, who appeared to be studying Lestrade in return.
And then they all looked at each other. Such an important event, so long-awaited, and now over, thought John. The birth’s over, a new life begins. But he didn’t say so, not with Mary lying there.
“So you snuck back in while I was away.” Her voice was flat, her eyes narrowed.
“We don’t even know how far it is to the coast,” he muttered, thinking aloud.
“Anything he considers important enough to hide when he’s under invasion is likely to be of interest.  Step aside.”  Sherlock plucked a black feather from his head and inserted the shaft into the keyhole.  A moment’s work and he had the lock open.
“Wiggins can look after himself,” muttered Sherlock.
“...if one of them is dead.  But why now, 11 years later?”
“Your reason, not their own!”
. “Has anyone ever thought of what might have happened if intelligence had developed among the amarsupials?”
“Twenty, if it matters,” Sherlock sneered.
“What was the next to last piece?” It had been quirky, slyly humourous, both angular and graceful.
“Why did you do that?”
“What exactly did your officers see?” Sherlock persisted.
Only when John was lying in bed later that night did it occur to him that Sherlock had quite effectively diverted the conversation away from Janine, Dexter and relationships in general.
John chuckled ruefully and returned the kiss, but to her lips. “You’re right.”
dangerous.  You could try asking Uncle Rudy.”
But then the woman herself entered, carrying a mug of coffee which she handed to Sherlock.  Sherlock stared at it, then shrugged and took it.  “I hope you remembered that I take
sorcerer had cursed Ivan’s family.  Until last evening, Ivan had never considered that Sherlock might have an agenda of his own or what that might be.
The coffee was indeed decent, and the conversation reasonably pleasant.  John fielded several political-sounding questions from Newbold with bland generalities, appealing to his recent arrival when he was unsure how to reply.  Mike kept nodding encouragingly, and Newbold eventually declared himself satisfied.
“Children in the
“Law-abiding citizens with good dental hygiene are annoying,” commented Sherlock, perfectly straight-faced. Hell, John thought, this was Sherlock.  He might even be serious.
him...”
However, there were others at court who were not pleased at the prospect that a foreigner should one day rise to be tsaritsa.  It was all too easy for them to provide the tsarevna with merry companions who encouraged her in continuing to drink.  They openly mocked Clara’s attempts at persuasion and suggested that only a fool would be moved by them.  Meanwhile, a series of poor harvests had exposed flaws in the trade treaty that had been part of the marriage negotiations.  Clara’s detractors were quick to advertise these.
The concierge dialled a number and asked the driver, “What’s his name?”
“Mary’s idea,” John said as he stood up again. “She claimed that by the time Gloria was a teenager, Scott would be the new Taylor.”  And then in response to Greg’s puzzled look, “A boy’s name used as a girl’s name.”
“Indeed, you turned up again.  You liked the flat, you seemed to want to
On impulse, John went up on his toes a bit and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s. When he would have pulled back away, Sherlock hugged him. Hard. They stood with their arms wrapped around each other for several moments, breathing in each other’s scents. Sherlock’s sunny autumn had acquired new notes recently, hard to describe and yet unmistakably
“I said ‘next time,’ not ‘right now.’”
“My sister’s finally getting divorced,” John offered.
“Yeah. Yeah, sounds good. So, Sherlock’s alive.”
...As he woke up, lying in his bedroll, panting, still fully dressed and now rather sticky at the groin.  When his breathing had slowed, he stripped off his trousers, wiped himself with them, and then tossed them out of his bedroll.  Then he went back to sleep.  He’d figure it out in the morning.
“Sherlock Holmes?  He’s probably down in the morgue with Molly.  Come on, I’ll take you there.”
get to use my presence as an excuse to act like a complete git!”
who shot him.” John pointed towards his lower chest. “The bullet wound was here, so he was facing whoever it was.”
“Squally,” John finished ruefully.
John hardly had time to blink before it was opened again, this time by an older woman in a purple housedress.  “I apologize for Toby’s manners, dear.  Are you here to see Sherlock?”
Something was wrong.
“Why did
.  I was… unsure as to how to proceed, so I dragged you off to a crime scene.”
Sara blinked at what appeared to be a change of topic but answered readily enough, “The gem amethyst is called thus because it is said to be efficacious for this purpose.  And there are certain herbs that can be useful as well.  But you ask because...?”
“Ride always to the east and the north, but do not cross the mountains that will rise on your left.  You’ll come to an ancient bridge that crosses a river running down from the mountains, at the western border of a great forest.  Once you cross the bridge, do not stop for any reason until you’ve come to Marfa Hudovna’s house.”
The walking stick had been a gift from Uilleam an t-Moireach, who professed not to know the meaning of the characters carved upon it.  “My grandfather was the oldest of seven sons.  The youngest had no children of his own.  He left this to me when he died, and that’s all I know about it.  Luck be with you, Iain mac Bhatair mec Sheumais.”
sense, no.”
Before John could reply, Sherlock had entered the restaurant.  John followed to see him shaking hands with the apparent owner, a genial, heavyset man with a greying beard and ponytail.
This was their killer.
have one, claims that caring is not an advantage.”
“Because you’re going to like what I have in mind.” John gave Sherlock his very best cheeky grin, and Sherlock reluctantly budged. John settled himself against the headboard, spread his legs and patted the space between them. “Come on... No, not that way, back towards me.”
His frown morphed into a pleased smile, and John found himself smiling back.  No, wait.  This wasn’t something to smile about.
“Mycroft is overdramatizing in an attempt to justify his meddling. And my meeting concerns a case of simple blackmail. There’s nothing more disgustingly tawdry. Now unless you plan on joining me in the bath?”
“If John required me to ‘be nice’ to him, he never would have started taking me on dates in the first place.”
Fuck. John took a deep breath. “I’m sorry,” he repeated. “It came about unexpectedly and...”
And she was gone.
“We’re going about this the wrong way,” John declared. “We’re trying to figure out where Sherlock ran to, but the real question is, why did he run?”
Sherlock as much as
Mary was grinning. “Let me guess. The megs said they were oppressed too and claimed that the female betaists were guilty of discrimination against their meg sisters.”
“Precisely.” Sherlock turned back to his contemplation of the window.
He used the helicopter ride home to consider what he might do with it.  There was a time for music – and a time for motion.
“A very boring meeting coming up.”
“I see,” said Sherlock. “And asking questions of this sort helped calm your granduncle?”
“Sherlock,
“I don’t mean past-you.  I mean you now.  You and me now, with all we’ve learned.  Sherlock, if you thought there was any real chance of this harming Rosie, you wouldn’t have ever mentioned it.”
“You were surprisingly kind to him,” John commented.
“Shut up, Sherlock, I
“Dr Foucault,” said Sherlock with complete seriousness.
Two paramedics ran into the room. “Did somebody call an ambulance?” asked the one in the lead.
John muttered an apology to Donovan and fled the scene with Sherlock.
“So on Monday, you went to your uncle’s flat?”
John, approving of the tact with which Sherlock had let the boy down, was taken aback when Sherlock then added, “John, you’re a doctor.  Any particular specialty?”
Mrs Hudson was of the opinion that Rosamund was interested only in the motions rather than the music, which missed the point entirely.  Music wasn’t just a noise that came out of nowhere.  It was tied to motion – playing an instrument, singing, dancing.  Once you understood that, you could hear the motion in the music even when it was recorded.  Certainly a former exotic dancer ought to realize this?
Sherlock pushed beyond coherence by John himself.
. Whom would he bother protecting?”
“That also is true.”  Sherlock met Ivan’s gaze directly, silver eyes bright beneath the black plumes of his crest.  “Completely so.  Ivan Watovich, I must go, and if I leave you here, you will not survive.”  Ivan knew it.  The corridors were already noticeably hotter, and he could hear the sounds of falling masonry in the distance.
“Actually,” said Ivan, regaining his composure, “I won it at dice.”  He didn’t bother to mention that he’d won it
They had no trouble finding a driver willing to take them out to Wapping.  Sherlock had the driver let them out a few doors down from 57 Wapping Wall.
“She can’t leave the building, John,” Sherlock reminded him. “When’s Mrs Hudson due back?”
“Knew.  Was and knew,” came the deep voice out of the dark.
” – her hand gesture took in the entire room – “before the police would pay any notice.  Tens of thousands of pounds of equipment destroyed, including a computer with irreplaceable research data...”
“Sherlock, you’re not a freak.”
The first thing Ivan saw when he regained consciousness was darkness.
He started to walk past John, paused, and then turned and embraced him, tall and warm and indeed, quite amazing.
Lestrade sighed again. “All right. You tell me what you know and I’ll tell you what I know. There’s little enough of it at point and I’ve got the horrible feeling that the only man who might be able to sort it out for us is laying on an operating table right now.”
Miranda Caustlin burst into fresh tears and extracted a wad of tissues from her purse. “Yes.  That’s him, that’s Uncle Don.  He’s really...”  Her mouth formed a letter D but she was crying too hard to go on.  She turned towards her son, who looked lost in the face of his mother’s sorrow but who put an awkward arm around her shoulders.
“Good. That’s...”
The waiter arrived with their entrées. As he was exchanging one set of plates for another, Campbell-Williams took another sip of wine.  It must have gone down the wrong way, however, for she immediately lifted her napkin to her lips with her free hand and began coughing.  She was still coughing as she tried to set her glass down, which was almost certainly why she clumsily knocked it over onto her bread and butter plate.  Wentworth jumped, but the waiter took it in stride.  Brushing off the couple’s apologies, he removed both the plate and the glass and vanished, presumably to obtain fresh ones.
Moments later Sherlock, sleep-deprived for days, began to emit soft snores, the curse of the weak-chinned.  The noise itself wouldn’t have bothered John – he’d always found it rather comforting to know that his bunkmates were still breathing – but he’d already spent half the day sleeping and was still wired from the events of the evening.  Sleep was elusive.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “Skills don’t get jobs, John – credentials do.  I’d been expelled from university with nothing to show for my years there except a cocaine addiction.  If Mycroft had been able to lay hands on me, he would have had me locked up.  I didn’t
“So what would they do? What would they
. You called me
“Someone looks after him, but they haven’t been doing so for at least the past week,” murmured Sherlock.
“Def’nitely not,” Sherlock muttered, already half asleep.
“All hominids do, including primates,” Sherlock corrected.
Then the former tsaritsa died suddenly.  Without a wife, the tsar was no longer deemed qualified to rule and Clara’s rise to the throne became imminent.  Her enemies unleashed a campaign of rumours and even open accusations, claiming that she had poisoned the tsaritsa.  Clara looked to her spouse for support, but Harrieta was busy drowning her grief in the way most familiar to her.  Instead of support, she responded with drunken anger.
“You deserved to know the truth in any case,” Sherlock replied softly. For a bizarre moment, John though he meant the truth that John had just uttered. Then he realized.
John kept in touch with Sherlock after the wedding, of course. Not every day but at least once a week. Perhaps every two weeks. Or so. Certainly it hadn’t been longer than a month –
“They say they don’t remember seeing anyone, but then again, they were focussed on their patient. I can have someone go through the CCTV footage, though.”
intimate space. John wrapped his legs around Sherlock’s waist, wanting him closer, as close as John could get him. Sherlock’s baby bump pushed against John’s cock with each gliding thrust even as he hit John’s prostate, over and over and
Clipboard Man replied stolidly, “You’re assigned to Newcastle.  Please board your bus.”
“Oh, no, Vanya,” said Harrieta with a grin, “Listen up.”
Sherlock lifted the tape and ducked under it.  “Always, Sally.” He breathed in through his nose.  “I even know you didn’t make it home last night.”
As if on cue, Eurus returned to John’s theme in its basic form.  But when Sherlock began to play Rosamund’s, she frowned slightly, played a discordant trill.  Sherlock attempted John’s theme as a duet.  Another discordant trill from Eurus.
“I said that maybe Magnussen had a Mind Palace, like you two. Look, it was meant to be a joke, ignore it. I’m making tea, do you want some?”
“...but tucked away, so that most people wouldn’t
“Look, you don’t have to take me to, ah, Baker Street, was it?  Just drop me near a decent hotel.”
“Sherlock home?” asked Lestrade pleasantly.
For me, thought John. You’re doing this for me. Without thinking, he reached out across the table and touched Sherlock’s hand, then didn’t know what to say when his partner turned to look at him. “Well. Er.” God, Watson, say
“John, this is Angelo.”  John found his own hand enveloped in Angelo’s warm, meaty one.
point regarding Ms Caustlin’s level of danger still stands.  However,” and here Sherlock paused, turned slightly away, looked almost...  Awkward?  “We’re on our way to the Yard.  Lestrade will have got her number for the case, so I should be able to retrieve it for you.”
John hesitated, but he was curious.  He handed over a blue five-dollar bill.  The bus driver passed it on to a man with a pushcart standing just outside the door, who took it with a grin and passed back a brown paper package.  Then he pushed his cart along past the bus, moving down the road to the next stalled vehicle and the next set of captive customers.
“It’s
No anger left now at all, John settled down next to Sherlock and took him in his arms, both giving and seeking comfort. When their lips met, however, the embrace quickly became less about comfort and more about something deeper, more primal.  John nipped at Sherlock’s lips and chased Sherlock’s tongue with his own.  He reached down to stroke the hardness at Sherlock’s groin and when Sherlock arched beneath him at the touch, ran his teeth down the tendons of Sherlock’s neck.
It almost worked.  Ivan managed to grasp Muircheartaigh’s ermine stole, only to have the stole slip from the sorcerer’s shoulders when Sherlock landed more or less on top of them both.  Muircheartaigh wriggled free and sprang back, his hands raised in a warding gesture.  Ivan’s thrusting sword slammed into an invisible wall, hard enough to make his shoulder ache.  Both he and Sherlock froze as Muircheartaigh, panting, began to smile – and then stopped and sniffed the air delicately.
John looked up from the mugs and teabags sharply.  “What?”
“Oi, do you want supper before you escape into your mind palace?”
John bit back an angry retort.  Being a member of the Primary Reserve was no game, not that this besuited toff would know anything about it.
But an t-Moireach shook his head and said nothing.
“I know that. That’s the
“You were too agitated to sleep last night. You’ve attempted to cover this up – poorly – with make-up.  Your state of agitation is further betrayed by the fact that you’ve buttoned your blouse crookedly.  You were already headed for work this morning when it occurred to you that Baker Street was more or less on your way, hence your early arrival without a previous call.  If the source of your agitation were work-related, you would have continued on to the lab and dealt with it.  Therefore, personal.  But both your parents are deceased and you have no siblings, children or current attachments.  Therefore, your ex-husband.  Not a letter, I think.  Something more immediate.”
“Well, then,” said Sara, her eyes sparkling, “I can certainly meet with her to see what might be done.  If I fail, hmmm, I think that Svinarnikov might at least know several hangover cures.”
She blushed prettily. “I just wanted to say that, well, I don’t mean to be nosy, but...  You and your partner...”
A middle-aged woman in a cheap housedress and cardigan waited for them with another clipboard.  When she was done calling off names, however, John was still left standing by the bus.
is it with you and Sherlock Bloody Holmes?” John roared. “You shoot people, you get shot, you jump off fucking
“Hell, Sherlock, the way you were staggering about, anyone would have thought that you’d suffered permanent damage!  Your
Sherlock hailed a cab when they left Bart’s, and John thought they were going back to Baker Street. Instead, the cab let them off near a small café on a quiet side street where the man who appeared to the owner seemed overjoyed to see Sherlock. The result was a very nice goat cheese and tomato sandwich with a side salad of mixed greens for John and mugs of excellent coffee for both of them.
Greg shrugged. “Not in a hurry, myself.  If the ex wants to, fine.  If I happen to meet someone...”
Then he let himself into the flat and shut the door in John’s face.
,” Muircheartaigh sneered.
“Well, well,” said the stranger, “Isn’t this an unexpected pleasure?”  The motion of his hands sketching another shape was the last thing Ivan remembered.
“That wouldn’t have changed anything.”
about to try and teach me all over again.” For a man who often failed to understand sarcasm in others, Sherlock wielded it with good effect.
He wasn’t that man anymore.  The idea of picking up a partner for the night no longer appealed.  The idea of Sherlock appealed... all too well, given that Sherlock had said clearly he wasn’t interested.
Relieved to see them go and feeling guilty because of it, John asked, “Will you be all right getting home at this hour? We do have a spare bedroom.”
“We figure he was shot somewhere else and then dumped. The last one was,” said Lestrade defensively.
John approached and lowered himself carefully to the floor, envying Sherlock’s ability to crouch easily.  The woman appeared to be in her early 30s.  She was dressed in neat, quiet clothing – blouse, skirt, low shoes.  No make-up and no jewelry except for a thin gold chain that ran around her neck and underneath her blouse.
to distract the guards,” Sherlock noted drily. “Wait a moment...  Left turn here.”
She frowned and waved one fist.
“Sorry,” said Sherlock. He flipped the lights on. “Not
.  Pro-choice activists claimed that his work disproved the idea that colour changes in wristbands were fated or divinely ordained.  Dobrieuzi himself made no such claims.  He was interested only in the science of the process.”
your attempt to leave me behind.  I’ll go where you go, you great idiot!”
“Yes! Hmmm, interesting.  Whoever wrote this did so with his left hand, even though that’s not his dominant hand.”
“Right,” said Mary, and handed over the suitcase. “Thank you, sir.”
“Not even me, darling. What’s Sherlock gone and done now?”
John looked across to spot a second camera, also pointed at him.  When had London become infested by security cameras?
“You mean he shot the duke before the duke could reveal information?”
“Are you a colleague of Sherlock’s?” she asked.
“John, I expect you already know why I’m calling, but I’m sorry to confirm the news. The authorities require someone to provide identification and I’m told that this may provide a sense of, ah, closure?  If you wish, I can send a car.”
“And then?”
“To be completely honest, Mary had to point it out to me. I’m not proud of that.”
“And he had someone deliver a note rather than phoning or texting?”
Lestrade glanced at Mary. “Actually, Sherlock’s why I’m here. I have to ask him some more questions as well. I was wondering if you’d come with me, John?”
Watt glared at his daughter.  “Any commoner would be happy to marry the tsarevich!”
you because when you told me your story, you had the intelligence to tell me everything that was important – and to omit anything that was dull and insignificant.”
“You’ve met Sebastian Wilkes?”
She shrugged. “We could all use some breakfast and Sherlock wasn’t going to make it.”
“Oh, Dexter! The geeky alpha Janine was dancing with? And Sherlock? Oh, that minx!” Mary started to laugh, then broke off. “Oh god, they don’t know yet, do they?”
a child in the middle of it.”
“Sweet gods, Sherlock, you need a surgeon for this job!”
“Cross-dressing assassins? Pretty small population, mate.”
“Dunno. Sherlock threw me out.”
Sherlock actually grinned at him and tried it again, only to stumble when someone pounded on the flat door.
to see much of London.”  The brat glared at his father.
“His family – the dealer was another student?”
“Got Sherlock’s toleration for small talk, I see. Is she sitting up on her own yet?”
“Restaurant door opening...” said the tech behind them.
“Just above where the wristband would have...”
Sherlock looked pointedly at Anderson.  “
Marie pouted slightly and rolled her eyes at John once Mrs Hudson’s back was turned.  John had to wonder exactly who Mrs H was warning off whom.  He turned to the Marie’s daughter instead, smiling.
“Amateurs can be such a nuisance,” said John as he put the kettle on.
Sherlock sighed and traced a large rectangular in the air, slightly above the surface of the desk.  It was about the shape and size of a...
John paused.  Was Sherlock attempting innuendo or was he referring to events common in the work he claimed to be married to?  Unable to decide, John settled for, “More tea?  And I’m going to make some toast.”
“Sherlock, if you can tell a good Chinese restaurant by the lower third of the door handle, what do you look for to indicate a good East Indian curry place?”
“When the creature proposed that we should invade the castle, the two of us alone, I saw this for the madness it was and escaped into the forest.  But my path was turned around through some trickery...”
John sighed. “
It was fairly late by the time John and Sherlock were released on the promise that they’d come down to the Yard the next day to make their statements. Sherlock’s throat having miraculously healed the moment they left George and Minnie’s flat, John’s first thought was that they should head back to Baker Street and Mary. Then he thought, fuck that. Mary had a phone in case of emergencies. She hadn’t used it, so there were presumably no emergencies. And John had things he needed to say to Sherlock before they saw Mary again.
“And a doctor,” replied John, smiling.
“There are no vaults...”
John shut his eyes. When he still opened them, he was still standing in 221B Baker Street.  “Sherlock, you can’t just move people’s things...”
“...see your granny and aunts and uncles!”
“Really, I’m fine – oh!” Sherlock looked suddenly startled and put one hand back on his pouch.
“They said he was home,” admitted Lestrade.
Caustlin had apparently missed the byplay. “No, he said his uncle had been fine.”
Tyler gave him a petulant glare. “You said only one more question.”
“Isn’t it always, where Sherlock’s concerned? Look, what about the person who shot him? You said it yourself, he must have seen them.”
Their lips met softly at first, like ripe fruit that had to be protected from bruising. The kiss was gentle and sweet and threatened to dissolve entirely into laughter when they both tried to introduce tongue at the same time, resulting in a meeting of the tips.  But then John got a firmer grip on Sherlock’s shirt and tried again.  This time their tongues slid against each other in a slippery, sensuous tangle that begged for further exploration.
“Neither does the army’s business,” John replied tersely.
“Brother mine,” interrupted Sherlock, “Considering your repeated and, for some parties,
“That looks as if it’s been painted shut,” offered Lestrade, still standing in the doorway.
“When I happened on her and Magnussen” – he was breathing heavily, why was he breathing so heavily? – “she had a problem. More specifically, she had a witness. The solution, of course, was simple. Kill us both and leave.”
He was thinking of turning in when his phone rang.
“Let him go,” ordered a deep voice from somewhere behind Ivan.
Strangest of all, though, were the places not covered by feathers.  At the end of each arm, the creature had a pale, slender, long-fingered human hand.  And amidst the black feathers of its head, its face was perfectly human, although pale and somewhat exotic in appearance, with high cheekbones and silver-grey eyes.
John blinked. “You do?”
?” screeched Muircheartaigh.  “I have no ‘type.’ There’s no one else as powerful – and only one person with the potential to be.”
, Harriet.  He’s not...  We were never more than flatmates.  Well, and friends.  And we’re still flatmates and friends.  He’s married to his work, I’m seriously thinking about phoning your tattoo artist.”
, and John knew exactly what he wanted of Sherlock in this moment.  He let go of Sherlock to slide to the floor, on knees between Sherlock’s legs.  He looked up.
at New Scotland Yard will be awake.”
“That’s one possibility.  It’s also possible his employer wanted to make sure he didn’t talk.  Or that I was the gunman’s real target.  My work has made me some enemies.”
“Hello,” replied a cultured male voice.  “The Prospect of Whitby, 57 Wapping Wall, half past eight.”
John would have argued, but Mary wrapped both arms around him. “Come on, husband, let’s go.”
Mr Holmes raised an eyebrow. “Aren’t
Sherlock turned to face her. The tension in the air reminded John of American “Western” films in which two gunfighters faced each other alone at high noon.
“I never said it was called for,” replied Sherlock quietly.
“No, but I’ve killed many men whose deaths I’m
“Thank you, Dr Hooper,” Lestrade replied gravely, and he herded them all in the proper direction. Molly muttered something about coffee and vanished.
travelled, which prompts him to return the question after he’s answered it himself,” John observed.
“You,” Sherlock began.
...” Bill muttered.
Idiot.  Right.  Ivan would remember that.
Murmurs.  One of the young fathers in the group spoke up, his tenor voice calm and pleasant.  “I’m sorry, there’s been some confusion.  We’re going to London.”
“I would knock you to the ground on your injured back?
“Yak butter and salt. In milky tea.”
Still holding the box, Sherlock stood lost in thought for some minutes.
His armchair. The armchair that Sherlock had removed because he claimed it blocked his view of the kitchen. But here it was, back in its place – and only one person was likely to have put it there. John patted the arms thoughtfully and then realized that Lestrade was talking to him.
“Damn it, Sherlock, why didn’t you bring me with you?”
.  Whatever home meant to Eurus.
“He seemed to think that Sherlock would be unable to intercept a note.”
“Tomorrow morning would be best,” Sherlock allowed.  “We’ll make camp in the forest for tonight.”
“He wanted to refinance the mortgage on the house. It’s still in both our names, so he needed my consent.”
There was a brief stand-off in the office as Lestrade, John and Miranda’s son all tried to pull out a chair for her simultaneously. The son won, glaring at the two older men as if instinctively protecting his mother from their attentions. But by the time Molly returned with a round of coffees, they’d all got more or less settled.  Sherlock had chosen not to sit but rather to lean against the wall next to the whiteboard.  John figured that maybe he thought the angle was better for observation.
John had his answer soon enough when he and Mike almost collided with a young woman who came flying out of a doorway.
subconscious communicated with
“Foucault was married briefly in his forties. The marriage was annulled after a few years, as allowed by law in cases where the spouses aren’t soulmates.”
“Sit,” he told Mary. And when she asked why, “Because that’s where they sit. The people who come in here with their stories. The clients – that’s all
, and that made it all the more thrilling that Sherlock was taking charge, telling John what to do, taking John’s cock in hand (long acid-scarred, violin-callused fingers wrapping around John’s thick length and John almost came at the touch) to feed the head
“David?” asked John, taking a sip of wine.
Right.  Of course.  It was all about Sherlock’s convenience.
The other beta’s eyebrows had practically climbed into his thick, grey hair. Lestrade was obviously struggling not to laugh, but he said kindly enough, “Good for you! I’ll call Sofia and then let you know what I find out.”
There was no milk in Sherlock’s flat, of course. Some things never change. John went down to Mrs Hudson’s to see if he might borrow some, only to discover Bill Wiggins sitting at her table with tea and toast in front of him and a small duffle bag at his feet.
Sherlock handed Billy some bills.  “For replacement overshoes and for your time.”
“I told him what I’d come for.  He tried to turn me away, but I wasn’t having it.  Finally he picked me up and flew us to the castle.  Almost froze my – it was a cold journey.  But I hung on and we got here, we got to the castle gates and
John’s sarcasm was lost on Sherlock.  “Neither would Billy.  He shows some promise.  By the way, I have to question your previous statement that your psychosomatic limp reappears when you’re under stress.  Unless you find being chased by police officers relaxing?”
“Not as much of it as you may think. He
“Yeah, it should be compatible. Ah, I noted the use of the passive tense. Do you need a hand? I’ve got time.”
“Busy.”
“Of course I did! That mortgage is almost paid off.  Why would I want to be dragged into
John sighed.  “Did he say where he was going?”
“Yeah, Sherlock can have that effect.  Try to take it easy on the old lady though.  Tell Sherlock I was by.”  Lestrade shut the flat door behind him as he left.  John heard him going down the stairs and out the front door.
“Omega instinct? It’s just
“Ha!” said Mike after Newbold had left.  “Are you up for a bit of paperwork?  Nothing like striking while the iron’s hot.”
“Certainly you, uh,
“We were arguing about it when the gates opened anyway, with the guards ranged in a row just inside.  The freak said that it was a trick, but I know a chance when I see one.  I attacked and took out two guards, got through the line and ran like hell towards the keep.  I thought even a freak would have enough guts to follow once I’d cut us an opening, but I was wrong.  I glanced around, saw I was alone, and then I tripped.  Or something.  I...  I don’t remember.  After that...  There’s a lot I don’t remember.”
carefully. He’d be getting more action if they were watching a Bond flick, and not just from the screen.
John took pity on him.  “Look, it’s a big bed.  There’s plenty of room for both of us.  I’ve certainly shared tighter quarters before.”
“Me,” agreed John, hardly needing to be reminded of his aching erection.
“No.” And then, on a thought, “Not unless you have some yourself.”
“Or not. Okay, I’m sorry, just delete the whole...”
“I have, to my knowledge, never killed anyone,” Sherlock added.
“His?” asked Lestrade.
“Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.”
Then Bill burst out, “I don’t see how you can do it.  We, we gave up our lives to fight for King and Country, and they
,” said Sherlock, who’d apparently decided he was done with this particular corpse for the time being.
“According to everything I’ve read,” Sherlock observed, “It’s your uterus that should be doing the work, not the child. Are you sure your uterus hasn’t gone to sleep?”
“You couldn’t use it right away in any case.” Sherlock picked up his neglected fork.
“Damn, you saw the test stick in the bin, didn’t you? I’d meant to cover that up.”
“Drink that and then go get a shower, genius,” John said fondly. “You stink.”
“Those were a joint effort, dear.  People kept showing up, you see, asking for Sherlock’s help.  But he’s only one man, he can’t do everything himself” – the indignation on Sherlock’s face increased in intensity, but Marfa Hudovna forged blithely on – “and they often weren’t well-suited to handle the sort of thing involved in helping him help
After they had eaten, Manya sat for awhile, studying Ivan but not speaking.  When she finally spoke, he did not expect the question she asked.
“Are you sure about this espionage thing?” Lestrade put in. “Sounds a bit far-fetched to me.”
But Mrs Hudson rolled right over him. “You and Sherlock are certainly free to have guests, of course, but I
“Ah, but this is an unusual and valuable message.”
have been looking for.  You like sex.”
Which was John’s opinion exactly, because he’d just lost any chance of breakfast.
“Have you ever told anyone else that?”
“I’ve been fairly sure for some time now that Mycroft’s placed external surveillance on the flat. And I’ve made some... arrangements of my own.”
Ivan turned to take one last look at the remains of the tower.  “You’re better off without him,” said Tyuleneva behind him.  “You’d’ve found that out for yourself, sooner or later.”
Reluctantly, people began to move.
Sherlock began to gather up his books and papers, but looked up again as Ivan took a step forward.  He took yet another step, and still Sherlock did not move either forward – or back.  A third step and Ivan could place his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders.  “Sherlock, I am not Victor.  I will not woo importunately, and we need never discuss this again.  If you wish me to carry your heart, I’ll do that.  If I might live with you and Marfa Hudovna as your friend, I would like that.  If you wish me to leave...  I’ll do that too.  But before you make any final decisions, I ask you to consider this.”
Sherlock studied her. “Your nursing registration is false, of course.”
“...on a dead man who suffered from dementia and a 16-year-old boy trying to deal with a situation he never should have been left with.”
“It won’t show the man leaving,” called Sherlock from the rear of the alley. “Look at this.  Dirt from the alley floor on top of the bin, probably left there by footwear.  Scuff marks on the boards near the top of the fence and I think...”  Sherlock fished a pair of tweezers and a plastic bag out of his coat pocket.  “Yes!  Denim fibres caught in the top of the fence as he went over.”
They’d sat in Angelo’s, once, with Sherlock looking out the window. John, trying to get to know his new flatmate, had asked awkward questions about girlfriends and boyfriends.  He’d persisted until Sherlock had pulled his right sleeve up slightly to display the black band around his wrist and pronounced himself married to his work.
Eurus tilted her head slightly.
They went back up to Sherlock’s room, where John left Sherlock and Mary to chat while he tracked down a nurse for more information as to when he could visit and what he could and could not bring Sherlock during his hospital stay. The “could” list was largely absent of anything Sherlock might actually want. The “could not” list omitted several items that would certainly have been on it if the nurse had known more about her patient.
“Exaggeration. Not even half.”
“An extremely skilled assassin.” Sherlock sounded almost – approving? “A clever woman who loved her husband more than she trusted him. And who risked her life and freedom to bring this child to John and me, to give it a chance to live. We’ll tell it the truth.”
“They do. Was he high? No, don’t look at me like that. It’s just, there was some stuff in the papers.”
of January and was greeted at the door by Sherlock.
“Says the man with the psychosomatic limp,” retorted Sherlock with a smirk. “Our minds
Remembering Muircheartaigh, Ivan was fairly sure that being separated from his heart hadn’t been Sherlock’s idea.  However, he was here to listen to Tyuleneva’s story, not to argue with her, so he merely shrugged again.
Sherlock thrust faster then, not as precisely but harder, fiercer, driving them both on. John pushed back against him as they moved together. Always together.
Sherlock’s text alert went off. “Name, address and phone number for his betologist!” Sherlock leapt to his feet and headed for his Belstaff.
“Hence the filter.”
“7 TIMES A NIGHT – EACH.”
Svetlovolosiy, fair-haired, Sherlock was certainly
“Thank you. Shall we pick up take-away on the way home?  How about Thai?”
“We should...” he began, only to realize how dry his mouth had become. He swallowed and licked his lips.  “We should continue this in a bed.”
The next morning, Ivan knocked at Sara Dmitrievna’s door, the sealed letters and the tsar’s ring in one hand.  He felt somewhat awkward.  Sara was an attractive woman – intelligent, brave and fair to look at.  They had enjoyed each other’s company greatly during the long journey, but now Ivan worried that this might have given rise to certain expectations on her part.
“Sorry?” asked Ivan, confused.
had hold of
was different from his uni days and different again from the man who’d hit Canada after five years of sand and dust and heat and blood in Afghanistan.  Hell, it was a wonder the Canadian government hadn’t locked them all up, him and his mates, kept them in custody until they calmed down a bit.
Ivan nodded and tucked it beneath his shirt, next to his father’s signet ring.
“Jumpers. And tea.”
did.”
Sherlock glanced pointedly at the empty spot where John’s chair had once stood and raised an eloquent eyebrow.
Muttering among the guards.  “Prove it,” sneered a third guard.
wearing suits. Sherlock sniffed when John pointed this out. “None of them are with
Sherlock had another question. “Ms Caustlin, who has access to the messages on your home phone?”
“Let him
“If you’re taking me home, I need to stop for groceries on the way.”
“No. Not his MO.”
“Fine, spasibo – Mrs. Hudson, we’re returning to London!  But not court, it’s boring and neither of us likes it.  Will you rent us rooms at Baker Street?”
“How do we know that about Joe Antonelli?  No, wait.  The office?”
“Yeah, you probably will.”
Campbell-Williams was delighted by the opportunity.
Or lack of woodcraft, more likely, thought Ivan.
And then, with appalling approval in his voice, “That was
“It’s just that the mug there, off to one side, it’s got the badge of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers on it.”
no sorcerer, learning magic through careful study.  His magic was innate, rising from the very core of his being.  And the last thing he had used it for was to buy Ivan time to escape.  Sherlock
“Do tell,” John invited.
“But you don’t yet know what was used.”
“Ah, John Watson?”
John got into the car, handed over the phone on request and sat back as the driver turned off down a side street.  John attempted to keep track of their route, but he quickly became lost in the maze.  He wasn’t even sure how long they’d been travelling when the car pulled into an almost-empty warehouse.
“Purchases made online are too easy to track. You or I would have been far too obvious buying omega maternity clothes. Molly, as a female beta, was far less so. Which presumably
“Ecgonine, that’s... You were trying to create stronger cocaine?”
“I must say,” declared the stranger in an odd, lilting accent, “that I
Two years. That would have been... Oh. Of course. Sherlock must have travelled through any number of places in the course of unravelling Moriarty’s network. He’d never spoken about any of them. Then again, John had never...
“So, are you practicing here?”
“I can have some officers make the rounds of the tattoo parlours,” Lestrade offered. “Any idea
John blinked. You need to make tea.
John closed his eyes as she continued speaking.
Oh, hell, this again. Still, it wasn’t the first time that John had dealt with the perception that he and Sherlock were a couple.
me, okay, John?”
“She went to get you a coffee.”
The upside of Sherlock’s abandonment was that Sherlock was going to have to pay his own cab fare.  It was three miles from St Bar... the Cromwell to Baker Street.  John could walk as long as his leg would stand for it and begin reacquainting himself with London, then hail one of those amateur cabs.  And he should pick up some groceries, although Sherlock was going to have to do something with the head in the refrigerator.
“John? I liked this.” And Sherlock pulled him close, chest-to-chest, shifting his weight a bit so that John had to put his arms around Sherlock and support him as Sherlock leaned in for a kiss.
“Mary...”
“Never mind,” said Lestrade, setting his mug down.  “I don’t have time for this.  John, thanks for the tea.  And
hand and Ivan took it, letting himself be pulled to his feet.
Another pause, which lengthened.  Finally, Sherlock said quietly, “His name was Victor Trevor.  He was... a friend.  Well, I say a friend...”
He put that thought aside for consideration and instead asked, “How’d you know about me losing...”
“How does the rest of you feel about it?”
“Thought you’d get out of it by enlisting, did you?  Think again, boy.  You may be the Army’s tomorrow, but for today you’re still my ward.  Lord Holmes was glad enough to have a reason for a small, fast wedding.  Probably all he could afford, anyway.  Ha!”
Sherlock frowned. “You want children.”
up like that.  I was worried I’d – lose it.  With my family sitting there.  I thought maybe I should excuse myself and find the loo, but I couldn’t leave, I couldn’t stop watching.  And then the ballet ended, but the dancers came out to take bows.  He came out, he kept
“You haven’t had to think about clothes since you were fifteen, have you?” Ivan chuckled.
“Tyler, look at me,” said Miranda. “Were you asking Uncle Don about labs in order to find out more about what to steal?’
“If incompetence turns you on, then watching the Yarders at crime scenes must be physically painful.”
“Oh!” said Mary. “You... Would you?”
“Not long enough. We should go to bed.”
“Don’t try to force it like that, you’ll break it. Here.” She tossed something at him, which he caught by reflex. The car keys. “You’ll never get all that on the Tube. Put the keys in the mail slot when you bring the car back. Don’t bother knocking, I won’t answer.”
“She’s lovely,” Mrs Holmes assured John after Madeleine’s birth photo had been passed around for the third time. Sherlock had refused to have the infant in his pouch disturbed unless absolutely necessary – “She’s not a peepshow! – and his carrymum had backed him. The two of them were now sitting shoulder to shoulder on the sofa, betas united.
John wasn’t sure which was more amazing: Sherlock’s almost obsessive interest in arranging the details of the wedding or the fact that he and Mary actually seemed to get along. John watched them together, dark head and blonde bent over seating plans, and shook his head. Truth be told, he felt both relieved and a bit guilty. He himself didn’t give a damn how the serviettes were folded but Mary obviously did – and equally obviously, she needed someone who shared her interest. John would have expected her to draft one of her bridesmegs for this role, but Sherlock seemed to be filling it nicely.
Stevens relaxed visibly.  “You know, then.  It was harder on Angie than on me, to be honest.  She really missed going to services.  Her faith got her through some hard times.  She lost both parents and had to go out to work when she was still young.  She used to say that scrubbing floors for a living is hard work even if they’re royal floors!  Oh, I probably shouldn’t have said that?”
It suited his purposes that his parents hadn’t accompanied him this time.  He wanted to try something new, and there was a better chance of it working without an audience.  Well, without an audience physically present.  Eurus would always be the girl who couldn’t tell which one was pain, who couldn’t tell laughing from screaming.  She might wish him no harm, she might even wish him well, but she had no intuitive way to tell the difference and might never learn to do so intellectually.
?  Since when do you have a husband?” And then to John, “Is he paying you to do this?”
It was fairly clear that Sherlock’s transport had awoken before his mind, because he complied without complaint or even comment.
It was glorious.
John let Sherlock order the wine – Sherlock was the one who knew what was what on that score – but ordered an appetizer along with his entrée so that Sherlock could steal bits of it.
Sherlock remained absent at breakfast the next morning, although Mrs Hudson seemed to have acquired an extra overnight bag. John never did learn how and when Sherlock made it back to London.
“Well, good luck to him.  Now if he were on a quest to find a spouse, I might be able to help him, for I’m well-known as the best matchmaker for leagues around,” bragged Misha.
“I told him that it could be very nice indeed – with a bit of work, which he could be sure that he was helping me with!  Truth be told, Sherlock’s not very handy, but he’s good at taking things apart to see how they
“No, it’s not ‘kind,’ it’s just showing decent respect for other people’s right to be happy!”
to say that I’ve never seen the point of providing separate spoons for a couple who presumably either are or shortly will be sharing body fluids.” Sherlock dipped into the tiramisu and then proceeded to enjoy his spoonful. With extreme thoroughness.
Sherlock turned to Mary. “The name Madeleine is derived from that of Mary Magdalene.”
“Muircheartaigh’s slaves.”
The London bus was still two-thirds empty when the driver closed the doors, started the engine and pulled onto the roadway.
“After which you decided to return to the UBR.  What do you expect to find here, Dr Watson?  You’re no traumatized soldier freshly returned from the battlefield.  You’ve spent the past eight years studying medicine, practicing medicine, playing at soldier on the weekends...”
Right, thought John, and Jean Poutine was the Prime Minister of Canada.  “That’s nice of you.”
Not bothering with thanks, Sherlock began to circle the room again, this time paying close attention to the floor.  He stopped next to the body and got down on all fours, crouching almost with his nose against the floor.  Then he straightened up, removing a sampling bag and a small spatula from his coat pocket.  Only after taking a sample of the dirt on the floor did he turn his attention to the corpse.  First he sniffed at her clothing, hair and face.  Then he bent over, almost laying his head on her chest as he looked up her nose.
“Well, they wouldn’t fit you and Sherlock.”
“Okay, great. Thanks for this... Yes, please, before he self-combusts. Ta!” John hung up and handed Sherlock back the phone. “He’s texting you the...”
“I don’t know how long and I don’t know whether Mr McKinsey was following chromochemical research in general or your research in particular. What I
“How old were you when you met Victor?” he asked quietly.
“Yes. The second one was a bit more worrisome.  Angela had left it on Friday.  Usually when she comes in, she prepares meals for Uncle Don.  Sandwiches, things he can heat up in the microwave, that sort of thing.  When she came in on Friday, none of the food she’d left on Wednesday had been eaten.  And everything in the flat was precisely as she’d left it after cleaning, even in the bedroom and bathroom.  As far as she could tell, no one had been there at all since Wednesday.  She’d thought of phoning the police herself, but of course, she’s not family, and she knew I was coming back on Sunday.  Inspector, she had no way of knowing what had happened.”
John thought about it. “No,” he decided.
The guards at least sharpened up a bit when they finally noticed Ivan, although he wasn’t sure whether they considered him a potential intruder or a welcome distraction.  There was something odd about the way they moved, as if they all suffered from slightly stiff joints.
situations.  He also asserted that the so-called learning experience would certainly fail to achieve its stated goal, as having Sherlock’s mouth on his cock would be highly detrimental to his ability to observe, learn or really perform any higher brain functions whatsoever.  Discussion generally dissolved at this point as John proceeded to demonstrate – on Sherlock – just how detrimental even lesser attentions could be.
him?  He’s a
White skin, paler even than Sherlock’s face and hands, which at least saw the sun occasionally.
“I’m not playing bait until you tell me what’s going on.”
“Find a soulmate?”
“I must have seemed like the perfect foil to you. You positioned me outside your marriage but encouraged John to keep seeing me as a friend. You counted on my proximity decreasing the chances that he’d pay attention to other betas – and you also counted on my ignorance of human nature to keep me from realizing John’s feelings. You were correct on the latter point. I didn’t.
“You’re saying that Mary would have shot you in front of me?” John asked incredulously.
“What about... You said earlier that the ex-husband was the one with a new partner.  But Campbell-Williams and Foucault met three years before she left the States.”
The errant hand trailed lower, following the centreline of his torso as she kissed his neck, his check, his ear and finally his waiting lips. She rolled over a bit further, her soft weight partly on top of him as she took his cock in hand. He was kissing her back by now, their tongues sliding together, his arms around her as she began to stroke and squeeze. His mind still ran in circles around the question of Sherlock’s whereabouts, but his body – and a good portion of his heart – responded to the warm and generous woman in his arms.
“Yes, Sherlock, that point was made. Anyway, the betas asserted that alphas and omegas were no better than amarsupial males. The alfs and megs said the betties were all a bunch of betaists, the betties wanted to know what was wrong with that and then...”
“But you want
Mary put her shoulders back a bit. “The papers are. My training’s not.”
“Seven, maybe? Maybe later.  And then we walked for a while.  Uncle Don was walking, I was just sort of going with him.”
“Neither was I, Sherlock Holmes.”
“You had run safety trials?” asked Sherlock.
“Okay, but no final decisions. We’ll make those together.”
John bit back an angry retort, looked at the toe and frowned. “That’s not an amputation. It looks more as if the toe’s been... crushed.”
“John, I need you to take swabs from Mary so that I can test for sexually transmitted diseases. She won’t let me do it.”
an emergency.”
“Crustaceans, not mollusks.”
“To London.”
John wondered just how quietly he and Sherlock could have sex for the next two and half months. He didn’t think they’d been all
“You don’t know that!”
“No,” replied John truthfully, “I remember the hangover I reported for duty with.”
John was relieved to discover that the clothes Sherlock had laid out on his bed were at least his own clothes, dark jeans and a cobalt blue shirt. Nice without being overly dressy.  The sort of thing he might wear on a first date, although presumably this was
“It takes at least three to produce any noticeable effect.”
“And I think it’s shameful that you should have to hide and make excuses. You don’t have to do that with me.”
“Yes,” inserted a lilting and very unwelcome voice, “let’s have a look at that, shall we?”
Sherlock snatched up his dressing gown and flew out the bedroom door.  John paused only to pull his jeans on over his boxers, tuck his gun into the waistband and pull his shirt over the gun.  Then he followed.  He was just in time to find Sherlock confronting a trio of strange men, with an anxious Mrs Hudson behind them.
“She assisted with the fire.”
“I was staring at his arse.  I was staring at his front, too.  And beginning to, er, get excited.  The ballerinas were nice to look at, but this man...  He lifted the... lead ballerina?”
“Just this once, young man. I’m not a restaurant, that’s downstairs.” Mrs Hudson didn’t sound all that perturbed.
“That. Look, Sherlock, you said the drugs were for a case involving this Magnussen fellow. Is this client part of the same case? Because Mycroft seemed to think you were getting in over your head.”
John found himself feeling... superfluous. So he made tea.
Oh, hell. Mary. John had completely forgotten to call her and let her know what had happened and where he was.
“Didn’t the police already do that?”
“I’m not naked, I’m wearing Ivan’s shirt!” Sherlock proclaimed.  Ivan felt his own face heating up.
?”  He was not smiling at all now, but rather glaring at Sherlock.  “What have you
Lestrade looked up from the notes he was jotting. “What days does Ms Desimone usually come in?”
“It’s a funny thing,” said Mary once she’d calmed down a bit. “You can tell what primary gender children are at birth, but you’ve got to wait until they’re teenagers to find out the really important thing.”
“Okay.” Sniff. “Thanks.” Dexter started to leave and then turned. “Hey, Sherlock?”
This time they ended up in front of a small restaurant.  John couldn’t resist.  “I thought you never ate during a case?”
“Why?”
“Er, he’s not actually with us, so I’m assuming that a hypothetical plan?”
“At least not by her,” Sherlock continued.  “You were, after all, heading off to war.  None of us knew if you’d return.”  A pause.  “What were you thinking of?”
“They were, but also – well, since I’ll never see them on you again – I mean, not that I regret that!  But...  All right, what are you snickering about?”
“Of course not.  But in the current economy there’s no market for new high-quality items.”
,” replied John in his best imitation of Sherlock’s posh accent, taking another forkful of salad and enjoying Sherlock’s eye roll as he munched.
A bit stunned, John glanced at Greg, who gave him a thumbs-up. So, yes, that really
“I dunno.  I hadn’t got ‘round to asking her yet.”
Sherlock kissed him.
John grinned. “They might be there a while.”
The couple had finished their salad course and were sipping wine and chatting as they waited for the waiter to remove their plates. Campbell-Williams had just set her glass down when Wentworth indicated something behind her, apparently on the far side of the restaurant.  When she turned to look, he leaned forward and dropped some sort of powder into her glass.
“Sherlock, I’ve found something that looks like a personal notices section?”
Their third destination turned out to be a small shop down a side street.  The window was painted to read “Pawnbroker and Jewellery Repair.”  There was a “Closed” sign on the door, and the entirety was festooned in yellow police tape.
The truth was that the moment John had thought Sherlock might be hurt, what John
“But Victor wanted to be more.”
“John.”
“The continuous widdershins motion of the slaves’ dance created a vortex that allowed Muircheartaigh to draw off their life energy and refocus it to animate the guards.  I located the, ah, item that Muircheartaigh was using as a focal point and smashed it.”
Sherlock’s pale face suddenly appeared in the patch of light from the window.
“Of course. Did Mr McKinsey ever speak of his motivations for volunteering for this particular experiment?”
“You’re angry,” Sherlock noted curiously.
“Wait a moment, are you sure that’s safe?”
. I needed to obtain the props, set the trap, arrange for a scout
The driver’s expression didn’t change.  “Please get in the car, sir.”  His voice was a gravelly bass.
“Maybe he made extra room by getting rid of
“Fill it with fresh water. Don’t use the water that’s already boiled,” ordered Sherlock, already hunting for a laptop in the living room.
“I was thinking dinner.”
“Fine, Lestrade could have called Foucault tomorrow morning! But, no, you’re in too much of a hurry to prove your cleverness once again.  Clever enough to pin a spot of vandalism...”
Lestrade continued inexorably. “You do not have to say anything.  However, it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court.  Anything you do say may be given in evidence.  And now, Ms Caustlin, gentlemen, I suggest that we continue this at New Scotland Yard.”
was the one doing this
“Didn’t think so.”
?  I’m not sure that our Vanechka
John made a fast grab at both his composure and a shred of the truth.
It was already late in the afternoon by the time Ivan rode out again along the northern branch of the road.  The road carried him over rolling hills, past meadows and through woods.  The sun began to set and there was still no village in sight.
“You said it yourself, John.  The killer is someone they think they can trust.  All of the messages posted on BritChat used pseudo-religious language to remind the victims of a past transgression and suggest that the person posting the messages could offer assistance.”
After what Sherlock had told him about Muircheartaigh, Ivan couldn’t believe what he was hearing.  “You helped a murderer?”
As if he’d heard, Sherlock glanced ever so slightly in John’s direction, nodded once – and dropped through his opponent’s grasp.  John saw the killer raise his arm, the knife in his hand, probably intending to stab Sherlock in the back of the neck.
“Of course, how many others were involved? Who killed him? Janine, working with Mary? Mary, working with Janine? Or was
“No, we don’t
At Sherlock.
But the woman had forged ahead. “I know some people say it’s not right and try to make all kinds of trouble about it, but I think they should mind their own business.”
“You grabbed a trained soldier from behind and caught an elbow in the nose, Andreyev,” spat the woman.  “You’re lucky it wasn’t worse.  Now let’s go.”
“Mmm, and since yesterday he’s taken you to a crime scene and introduced you to all of his acquaintances.”
Late that night, after a long day sweetly spent, Ivan and Sherlock lay curled together in the bed where Ivan had slept alone the night before.  Marfa Hudovna had been notably careful to assure them that her own room was a good ways off and that she was a sound sleeper.  Sherlock seemed puzzled, but Ivan was thankful.
John stiffened a bit. “I had other things on my mind!” You were dying, he didn’t say.
“It’s already been proven that he’ll lie to me as easily as to you.” John tried to keep his voice light but knew he failed.
“What’s this about, Greg?”
“What’s mine?” Sherlock watched him without moving but Mary put her hand to her stomach. “Oh, no. Oh,
“That would be the two constables I sent to look for the bloke’s wallet. After the ambulance arrived at St Bart’s, it was discovered that he had no wallet, no ID of any kind, not even keys.  His fingerprints don’t match anything we have on record, and he’s had almost no dental work done.”
“Oh! I’m sorry to hear that! Uh. I mean, I’m sorry to hear about the separation.”
From the sudden silence among the others, Ivan knew they had overheard him.  Then he heard Tyuleneva curse on the other side of the fire and looked up in time to see her spit into the flames.  Ivan, furious, clapped the case shut and leapt to his feet, his hand on his sword hilt.  Tyuleneva did the same, followed by Svinarnikov and then, unexpectedly, Sara.
“Right then.” John got off the bed and stripped with a soldier’s efficiency, letting Sherlock look his fill but not putting on any kind of show. He returned to the bed.
“And if they run away screaming and tell all their friends?”
“However, sentiment got the better of her. She took one precisely calculated shot to incapacitate me in the hope that it would buy her more time to negotiate my silence. Then she shot Magnussen and phoned the ambulance.”
“Yoo-hoo! Boys?  Oh, John, you’ve come!  Let me just get...”  Mrs Hudson was still talking as she vanished into her kitchen.
they’d been happy together.  The same had been true for most of his childhood friends.  There’d been a few notable exceptions.  One boy’s parents seemed to spend all their time yelling at each other.  One girl’s father spent long periods away from home, and her mother always looked sad.  But generally marrying their soulmates seemed to work out for most people.
“And whomever marries you will be marrying a lie, Vanya,” Harrieta pointed out with some venom.
He’d just put the kettle on when the bedroom door opened.
Sherlock looked away. “Revealing myself to you without warning may not have been one of my better plans. In my defense, I had no idea that...”
Somehow, though, the Chinese he’d ordered with such anticipation didn’t taste the same as he remembered it. This had nothing to do with the fact that no one was trying to steal all the cashews in his cashew chicken and everything to do with... With something. He wasn’t sure what. Both the food and the telly seemed equally flat. He finally gave up on them, packing the leftovers away in the refrigerator. Let Mary see them and scold him. It was her fault for not being here. Or, no, not her
“Tell me this, Sherlock.  How have you avoided housing inspections before now?”
“That’s not squid or octopus or anything like that, is it?”
“Possible, but not probable,” replied Sherlock coolly. “You should have at least another week, maybe two.”
Sherlock’s parents turned out to be his birthmother and carrymother. Sherlock’s and Mycroft’s father was neither present nor mentioned in conversation. John noted the absence of photos of the missing alpha and having both common sense and good manners, refrained from asking.
“I just moved here from Canada, actually.  Apparently London needs doctors.”
“I received copies of his seminal papers as a gift for my 13
It was only when he segued into John’s theme, however, that she rose and picked up her own violin.  They played through John’s theme together once.  Then Sherlock returned to Rosamund’s theme, as Eurus continued with John’s – for awhile, anyway, because after a bit they started trading back and forth, not only playing the interlocking themes but playing
“Professional, as far’s I can tell from photos. Nex’ time bring ta whole arm.” This was apparently a joke, as Smoky followed it with a wheezy laugh.
“I might at that.  Finish your kvass and rest a while, I’m not throwing you out.  But when you’re ready to leave, take this sack of unground rye and ride along the northern branch until you come to the village of Svyatoy Varfolomeyevsk.  When you get there, ask for Mariya Tobyevna Bocharova.  Give her the sack of rye and listen closely to what she says.”
“Oi!” They both turned as Lestrade came up behind them.  “I just wanted to say thanks for coming out.  The thing is, the doc’s right, at least partly.  The threatening-message reports got side-tracked, and they shouldn’t have been.  That’s why I came myself on this one.”
“You’re a soldier, you tell me.”
“Food’s one of our biggest problems,” Sara Dmitrievna explained, after Svinarnikov had shown Ivan to a stream where he could wash the ashes and dust off his face.  “Tyuleneva and Svinarnikov have tried hunting, but there’s no game.  And most of plants here are different from the ones we’re familiar with, so we don’t know what’s safe to eat.  With everyone already weakened, I don’t want to risk even vomiting or diarrhea, let alone more serious effects.”
“My parents approved of this no more than of my previous ambition.”
Because this was Sherlock, John skipped preliminary explanations.  “Did you recognize me?”
“Then why?”
“I would choose marriage,” he replied instead.
“There were vaults shown on the blueprints!” Sherlock protested.
“Look, you old cow...”
moments.”
“You told John I was interested in him only as a friend, but you weren’t at all surprised when you returned and discovered we’d become more. In fact, you gambled on the chance that I’d be willing to carry John’s child despite the risks inherent for you in entering the UK.”
“Sorry, Mrs H,” Lestrade apologized, but he was having trouble containing a smile.
herself get knocked out for verisimilitude? But then why make a point of telling you
sleeping better at Baker Street.  A few more days, a week, he’d be back on his feet.
Sherlock spent the better part of the next four days either in his mind palace or communing with his pile of purloined reprints and the pair of laptops, his own having joined John’s on the coffee table. John watched him jump from one machine to the other, audibly impatient when pages were slow to load.  Peering over Sherlock’s shoulder as he delivered tea, John caught glimpses of what appeared to be yet more journal articles, occasional media coverage and once, a statement of financial transactions embellished with dollar signs rather than pound symbols.  He decided not to ask about that last.
“No, that would be
“I worry about him.  Constantly.”
a ‘legitimate’ job.”  Sherlock was on his feet now and practically spitting the words out.  “I needed anonymity, cocaine and, to some minimal degree, food and shelter.”
“Welcome home, my son,” said the tsar to Ivan.  “Our family is cursed, but at least we can all be cursed together.”  Then he laughed, and his laughter was bitter and crazed.
Lestrade was not only running out of constables, he was also frustrated by the lack of leads. Sherlock had given a statement describing his shooter: dressed entirely in black, including a black face mask. Below average height for a British male, average build, blue eyes, fair skin around the eyes.
Finally at about eight in the evening, Mrs Holmes announced, “Mary should be clear by now. John, Sherlock, it was lovely to see you again.”
“I’ve operated quite well without sexual attentions – including yours – for most of my life,” Sherlock said icily. “I can easily do so again.”
Red, gold, blue and black.  The only magic left in Ivan’s life now that Sherlock was gone.  He’d got along perfectly without magic before he met Sherlock, of course.  Maybe he should just give the feathers to Marfa Hudovna as a sort of condolence gift.
Whom was Sherlock protecting?
More corridors.  Ivan was sweating in the heat now.  Then they hit a corridor Ivan thought he remembered.  And then, a staircase.
“Which is why no amarsupial species is known to pair-bond,” added Sherlock. “What was the fight about, John?”
“And before you were a doctor, you were a soldier.”
“Lestrade thinks it’s the Cherni Kucheta again because...”
“’May I use your loo?’
days before with distaste. But unless he wanted to go through Sherlock’s things and try to find something that might fit his shorter, stockier frame, these were the only clothes he had.
“Hallucinations,” Anderson stated confidently.  “She’s another one of these druggies frightened to death by their own hallucinations.”
“What is
“Piracy and dance. The two did not seem to be mutually exclusive career choices to my childhood self.”
“And you took that to mean that I wanted to go?”
Until the headlines hit the tabloids.
Sherlock looked aggrieved.  “I spent some time pursuing that possibility.  But no, they appear to be mobile numbers for disposable phones.  Do you notice anything else?”
But Mr Holmes smiled proudly. “Complete flake, my wife, but she happens to be a genius.”
“I’m surprised Mrs H didn’t come up here herself,” John remarked in the silence the reigned after Marie’s departure.
“Two sugars,” muttered Sherlock, peering first down his microscope and then at the laptop screen.
“Show John your hands,” Sherlock ordered Tyler. The youth looked puzzled but complied.  John examined them thoroughly.
John had listened, serious, and then said, “You wouldn’t even be asking me this if you thought there was any significant possibility of harm to Rosie that we couldn’t protect her against.”
Betas’ scents generally lacked the sweet tartness of omegas’ or the edged metallic muskiness of alphas’. John’s carrymum had smelled like baking bread.
John was considering the possibility that Sherlock might have pled Tyler’s case with Foucault for the sole purpose of giving John another chance with Tyler’s mother when the lift doors opened. He discarded the idea as being so implausible it bordered on the impossible and stuck the paper in the pocket of his jeans.
Holmes. She changed her name on marriage?” Betas usually did, but omegas more often kept their names and only took the title Mrs.
John startled.
“Oh, hell, what’s he done now?”
“Would you mind, John? It’ll save me taking them ‘round to Baker Street. I hope the sizes and colours are all right, I did my best with the information Sherlock gave me...” She paused, finally catching up with the look on John’s face. “John? Sherlock said he told you.”
was – or rather, she told you she was.”
“Obviously. How is he holding his right wrist?”
“Do I need to spell it out for you? I should think that you could figure out for yourself what state the original wounds were in the evening you knocked Sherlock to the ground – three times – and attempted to, as Sherlock put it, ‘beat him up.’”
come down off that ridiculous chair.  Or are you keeping your distance to try and hide the fact that the large ruby at the front of your crown isn’t really a ruby at all but a mere spinel?”
a murder investigation in which his younger brother is a material witness.”
“I see.  At least I think I see.”  John took a sip of tea.
how he’d gone to bed. He found Sherlock in the kitchen, attempting to make the kettle boil faster by glaring at it. It seemed a bit odd, as Sherlock usually immersed himself in an experiment or research until John showed up to make tea. More recently, Mary would often make Sherlock’s...
“I didn’t know what to do or where to go, but a man in a tavern said I should take the tale of the unsolved crime to Sherlock Holmes, who lived far to the east.  So, I headed east.  It was a long journey, but after much hardship, I came to the forest where Sherlock was said to live.”
“Hey!” Ivan cried out, stung.
“Boring.”
“On the contrary, the facial expressions of the victims and the particulates themselves strongly suggest
“Tedious, especially as you haven’t travelled since Afghanistan. Ask me.”
John snorted. “Sherlock? Not the sort of thing he’d bother to do.”
“Except for the orderly whom Sherlock accused of shagging cadavers.”
“Janine. Janine
Sherlock looked sulky, but it was Mary who retorted, “Then Sherlock will have to provide it. I’m going to walk for a while. Could one of you change the sheets? I tried to make it out of bed before my water broke, didn’t quite manage.”
decidedly short.” A pause. “Oh! Is this a fantasy of yours?”
“Tyler!” his mother remonstrated.
“Sterndale,” Sherlock replied.  Then he blinked.  “Oh, John, you’re here.  Why would you follow a stranger into an isolated room that could be sealed off?”
he had the bright idea of wiggling the pinned arm free enough to make a grab for John’s balls. John lost his grip but landed a good kick on Sherlock’s shins. Sherlock tried the throw that had worked so well on George Jones. John sidestepped his hold and was going in for a head butt when the incipient brawl was interrupted by a blood-curdling scream from the bed.
Before John could reply, Sherlock picked up his violin, checked the tuning and began a series of what sounded like exercises. The conversation was obviously over.
After a moment of silence, Clipboard Man repeated, “Abrams, Atkinson, Barton, Brennan, Catherwood, Charles, Cole.  Please board the Newcastle bus.”
“Nope,” replied John cheerfully. “Not at all. I’ve got a lot else on my mind, y’know.”
“John Watson, the pleasure is mine.  Here, let me help you with that...”
“Well observed, John. Now sit down.” John sat.
“Well,” she replied, “You know what I think, don’t you?”
“No. Look at this.”
“Finally, you brought this one.  Have you even told him your real purpose in coming here?  Or does he really believe that you’ve come solely to assist him?”  The words were still in Ivan’s voice, but the phrasing was off.  Absorbed in his game, Muircheartaigh seemed to have forgot the pretense that the questions were supposedly Ivan’s.
“The man needs to buy a jacket with larger pockets.  Envelope he forgot to mail sticking out of one pocket.  The return address is for Pecksniff & Watson, Brokers.  Your cousin doesn’t have first billing.  Small bag from a pharmacy sticking out of the other pocket, complete with label.  He picked up something ending in -mycin for Patricia Watson.  Kept glancing out the window as we spoke, expecting someone.  Well-made clothes and shoes, would have originally been quite pricey but they’re being worn past the time a well-off man would replace them.  He can no longer afford to.”
“To the university. Uncle Don said that Dr, uh, Dr Fook-oh?  That Dr Fooko worked there, he’d looked it up on the Internet.  And I said it was late, Dr Fooko must’ve gone home by now, we should come back the next day.  But Uncle Don said that scientists never sleep.”
happened.
Sherlock frowned a little. He seemed to be making an effort. John leaned closer.
“Well, this is all wonderful, but I have a flight to catch,” said Mrs Holmes, standing up and retrieving her suitcase. “Mary?”
Sherlock, still staring at the tower, shrugged.  “A few times.  And we’re not infiltrating the keep together.  I told you, I can’t fly over the walls.  To breach the protective spells, visitors need to be invited to enter through the gates.  That’s why I need you.”
“Victor’s skull.  Right turn this time.”
“Your brother’s never met me,” John replied, puzzled.  “He wasn’t at the wedding.”
“I told him his part.”  Sherlock shrugged.  The motion made his feathers rustle.  “It was to distract the guards while I got in, no more.  If he was too much of an idiot to run away afterwards, that’s hardly my problem.”
That was new. “Really?” asked John as their sandwiches arrived.
try to shoot. How are you doing?”
“If you think tea is called for,” John snapped, “You can make it your bloody...”
“One more question, Dr Campbell-Williams. You described your ex-husband as ‘not the threatening type,’ yet his phone call unnerved you sufficiently to seek my assistance.”
A palpable hit, that, thought Ivan as he discreetly flexed his knees and elbows slightly.  He’d only have one chance at this.  Behind him he heard the rustle of fabric that told him Muircheartaigh was standing, stepping forward.  Sherlock stared past Ivan, his attention completely held by the sorcerer.  It was time.
“Because once I knew the truth about Mary, she had to either leave you alone or kill us both.”
The seventeen steps were steeper than John remembered. He’d been using his cane on and off.  More on than off, to be honest.  He should have brought it with him tonight, but he hadn’t wanted to listen to the inevitable commentary it would provoke from Sherlock.
“It’ll be one these new drugs that we don’t have tests for yet.  Ever since the Committee cracked down on the opium trade, we’ve been seeing more and more synthetics.  It’s like every petty crime boss in the country’s found himself someone with a half-arsed knowledge of chemistry who’s willing to accept payment in kind.  Your
my maternity clothes if you take my backaches and never-ending trips to the loo as well!” she snapped. “I’m more than ready for this to be over.”
“Really.” John emphasized this with a decisive nod.
“I didn’t say I killed him,” retorted Sherlock, petulant now. “I said he died as a result of my actions.  Mycroft persuaded his family to drop the charges by demonstrating that they wouldn’t be able to prove even involuntary manslaughter.
“Sorry,” he muttered, and fitted the heart carefully into the cavity in Sherlock’s chest.  For an awful moment its rhythm stumbled, but then it resuming beating steadily.
“These
“Through here,” replied Lestrade, indicating a door at one side of the anteroom.  It led to a large, bare room, unremarkable to John’s eye except for the woman lying dead in the far corner, her face frozen in an expression of horror.
“Sherlock.”
Neither the chemistry girl nor the lanky rugby bloke had shown up.  Instead John found himself trapped by several middle-aged men, all of them worse for wear after a few drinks, who claimed not only to have been on the rugby team but also to have been John’s best mates.  John did his best to see past the effects of accumulated weight gain and receding hairlines, but he recognized none of these men.  He was torn between being grateful that Sherlock had refused to come with him and the thought that at least Sherlock’s deductions would have made the evening more interesting.
“Obviously she’s
should explain.  He can start by telling you what he expects to find in that case.”
“No. But thanks for trying. Ah, here we are, York Bridge.”
car.  You’ve got splash marks up the back of the left leg of that suit that doesn’t really fit you.  If the puddle had been on this estate, I could tell exactly where it was by the type of mud.  But I haven’t been
“I don’t see any need to include that statement in my report,” Sherlock assured him.  And then with a hint of a smile, “I’d assume that at least the floors were of high enough quality to be
“I’d like to tell him where to stick it!  I’ve got some scones for you, dear, once these louts are gone.  I’m not chancing them putting their greasy paws on my baking, it’s too good for them.”  She went back down the stairs.
“Someone needs to tell me what happened,” John said after he’d taken a few sips. Mary, her mouth full of biscuit, nodded at Sherlock. She’d all but jumped on the biscuits. John wondered when she’d last eaten.
Sherlock smirked.  “The office contained ledgers, files, papers, a recently purchased refurbished laptop – and a crucifix in a stand on the desk.  Mr Antonelli liked to take risks, but only to a limited degree.  In the event of an unscheduled inspection, the crucifix on the desk could be picked up and tossed into a drawer more easily than one hung on the wall
The garrison commander turned out to be a veteran of the wars of the southern mountains who knew some of the men Ivan had fought beside.  The most recent news he had from the capital was old but hopeful.  At last report, the nobles had still been holding to their promise to grant Tsar Watt a year and a day.
“...mother, Sherlock,” John finished weakly.
“Perhaps
Smiling to himself, John pulled on a clear pair of jeans. Padding shirtless down the stairs, he noticed that there was something in one of the pockets.  It turned out to be a crumpled and very clean bit of paper that had survived both the washing machine and the dryer.  On his way to the kitchen, he pitched it at Sherlock, lying recumbent on the sofa in pyjamas and dressing gown.  It landed on the detective’s chest.
“And make him so incredibly uncomfortable that he may never feel easy around us again? You’ve said it yourself. The whole thing just isn’t his area.” She kissed his nose. “I’m sorry, darling. You’ve obviously been thinking about this for a while. I wish I’d known. Maybe
“My name is Sherlock Holmes, and your horse will be useless to us.”  With that the creature – Sherlock – grabbed Ivan’s arm, pulled him up and against Sherlock’s body and then spread its wings and leapt into the sky, leaving behind the jug, the remaining pastries and Ivan’s walking stick.
“Tyler, why didn’t you tell me? Or an adult at school?”
“Please,” muttered John under his breath. Sherlock didn’t seem to have heard him, but Molly shot him an amused look.
“Of course not.”  Sherlock sounded offended.  “I had Billy take it back to Molly.”
They turned in shortly after that, and Ivan did not think that anyone slept easily that night.  In the morning, however, a strange sight greeted their eyes.  The madwoman sat at the graveside, patting the widow’s arm and bowed head, crooning nonsense to her.  When Sara brought breakfast for the two of them, it was the madwoman who coaxed the widow to eat.  And when the time came to leave, it was the madwoman – crooning and babbling all the while – who pulled the widow to her feet and got her walking.
“But I would prefer for various reasons that my concern go unmentioned.  We have what you might call a... difficult relationship.”
Breathless and grinning, Ivan stumbled a bit as Sherlock set him back down on solid ground, and Sherlock caught his shoulder to steady him and help him sit down.  “Spasibo, Sherlock.  That was amazing!”
Sherlock wanted people to look at John. Next to him. Sherlock wanted people to look at the
Shaking his head, John joined the queue for the chip-and-pin machine.
At about midday, he came to a small village.  In the centre of the village was a well, and at the well stood a slight young woman with mousy brown hair, drawing water.  Seeing Ivan approach, she poured a bucket of water into the horse trough next to the well so that Bezimyan could drink.
“Greg.”
“There’s a 9% failure rate...” she began.
Molly turned pink and actually smiled a little.  Pretty woman, when she wasn’t dithering over Sherlock.  Pretty eyes, nice hair.
“And what did you do next?”
Sherlock’s smile returned, more genuine this time.
John stroked the dark curls. “I don’t dare try to imagine that, love. And if I could trust you to stop there, I might take you up on it. But I know you too well.”
“Stamford.  Mike Stamford.  We were in uni together.”
Sherlock hummed slightly, his attention on the laptop.
He put the kettle on for tea and considered the possibility of an early supper, seeing how he’d missed lunch.  “Sherlock, I’m making toasted cheese.  D’you want some?”
“Ms Caustlin, I can release Tyler to you on bail. If you’ll excuse me while I get the forms...”  Lestrade stepped out of the room, and Sherlock followed him.  Through the open doorway, John could see them discussing something in the corridor.  John stood up himself, stretching a bit.
“Five feet.”
It reminded John of giving bad news to families, something that experience had never made less painful and awkward for him. He suspected from the stolid look on Lestrade’s face that the inspector felt the same.  Sherlock merely looked intent and impatient.
“Sherlock, is this gun legal?”
In the end, they decided that John’s gun could be returned to its hiding place in the bedroom.  Sherlock accounted for a truly impressive amount of eggs, bacon, tomatoes, mushrooms and toast before abandoning the breakfast table for the sofa and a pile of books and scribbled notes.
“Well, protecting
John raised an eyebrow. “You
“Get into the car, Dr Watson,” the voice replied.  The grim driver opened the rear door and pointedly held it for John.  “I would make some sort of threat, but I’m sure your situation is quite clear to you.”
his granduncle, he would never...”
“That’s not what I was thinking,” said Sherlock primly.  Then he yawned again.
your idea.”
John found the display amusing but decided that a change of subject was in order.  “Is Cromwell Hospital new?  I haven’t heard of it before.”
John met Sherlock’s gaze and held it.  Sherlock stared back, unflinching.
It wasn’t until Sherlock straightened that John realized he hadn’t already been standing to his full height. Forget the gunfight images. Sherlock was a sword blade, long and slim and deadly.
The teen, head down again, mumbled something in the direction of the floor.
Beset from all sides, Clara had finally had enough.  The marriage had not been performed according to the rites of her homeland.  It would be easy enough for her to have it annulled there.  She had packed her personal jewels and belongings, gathered together those courtiers and servants still loyal to her and ridden out, heading for the border.
might have knocked Janine out.”
“The risk was worth it as long as I could believe it was all part of my plan that to find and destroy Muircheartaigh.  But the longer I searched, the slimmer my chances of success seemed.  The forest provided a welcome respite from humanity and I took to spending more and more time there, sometimes going for months without speaking.”
John surveyed the state of his miniscule wardrobe. He’d been living out of the duffle bag Mary had sent for almost two weeks, rinsing out pants and socks in the shower as needed. It was getting to the point where he either needed to buy new things or make a trip to the suburbs.
Obviously taking his responsibilities seriously, Bill put down his tea and toast to hand the duffle off to John. It was heavier than he’d expected.
He had more to say on the subject, but just then the door opened slowly and a hesitant female voice asked, “DI Lestrade?” The woman who followed the voice was about John’s own age, handsome despite her reddened eyes, with straight, dark hair that fell to her shoulders.  She was wearing different clothes, a white top and dark blue slacks, but John recognized her immediately: the woman from the pub.
“That...” didn’t bear thinking about.  “Do you want some tea?” John asked instead.
Sherlock continued to watch him a moment longer, then turned away to look out the window until their cab pulled up in front of 221B. Sherlock swirled out of the cab and into the building, leaving John behind to pay.
“Yeah, really. Because a divorce decree isn’t going to do anything about...” Harry raised her gold-banded wrist briefly.  “Turns out he can’t tattoo over it, though.  Says the ink won’t take.”
“I won’t. Ta, Greg!”
“Muircheartaigh was sending them,” Sherlock growled.  “It took me longer than it should have to deduce that.  I’d stopped looking for him and he was bored, so he used these people to draw me out.  He’d orchestrate events that caused a village or household to set someone on the road.  Once that person was underway, Muircheartaigh would set a binding on them that drew them ever eastward.  He led them to me with rumours and stories planted by his agents, but the binding ensured that sooner or later, whether in my company or alone, they would come to Muircheartaigh.”
underage, Tyler, and Uncle Don wasn’t supposed to have alcohol,” she snapped.
“Perfect. So that’s what you were? An assassin? How could I
“Mmm?”
“So you plan on interviewing the entire population of London, beginning with male population, for someone who owns a pair of light-coloured leather shoes and has a taller colleague or acquaintance of some sort.”  Sherlock sipped his tea, then added, “Actually,
“LOVE NEST AT BAKER STREET.”
“That makes an awful kind of sense,” John admitted.
“Sherlock...”
“Keep as in, the keep that we’re
John made note of the café’s location. For a man who was married to his work, Sherlock was showing something of a talent for finding good places to bring a date.
The imperial heralds rode out the next day with a proclamation.  The tsarevich and his trusted men were to ride on a quest to discover and defeat the sorcerer who had cast the curse.  He was expected to return within a year and a day.  In his absence, all lords and ladies of high degree were called on to swear a sacred oath, to the tsar in person or to one of his proxies, that they would support the current imperial line against would-be usurpers.
Lie back, Sherlock. Keep breathing.” John pressed the call button several times and then yelled, “
“For a case and therefore irrelevant,” said Sherlock dismissively. “You should kiss me again.  We need the data.”
As the enemy soldier swung again, Ivan attempted to swerve out of the way but his shoulder wound impeded him.  The blow fell upon his horse instead, causing the animal to rear.  The tsarevich was flung to the ground, and then the horse fell on top of his legs.  He would have been dead except that Uilleam an t-Moireach reached him in time to throw him on the back of an t-Moireach’s horse and carry him to safety.
John chuckled softly.  “And yet here we are, love.  Here we are.”
“Dr Dixon was by to see me.”
“Now to see what’s in here...”
“Two people, probably male, one shorter than the other.  When an officer addressed them, they ran down the alley and went over a fence behind the building.”
John snagged his own laptop before heading upstairs to his room. He needed to research their second date.
a husband.  But would you be looking for clever as well?  And would you mind a sharp tongue?”
“That was eleven years ago, Bill.  James VII is dead, along with Queen Alexandra, their daughters and the United Kingdom itself.  If we were abandoned...”
“It hardly matters because you’re
“I called her a grasping, opportunistic, publicity-hungry tabloid whore.”
“Sherlock, Sherlock,” whispered Ivan, turning his head to kiss a cheekbone, an ear, whatever he could reach.  He reached down with his other hand to cradle Sherlock’s balls, felt them drawing up.
“I don’t follow.  Why?”
you won’t be able to escape.”
“But... the card still wouldn’t work to call the lift.”
“She shot you anyway!” John shouted.
“The army. RAMC, to be specific.”
Muircheartaigh giggled unpleasantly and spoke for the first time in his own voice.  “Efficient.  I like it.  But no qualms about misleading the unwary – or the stupid?  No misgivings deep in your heart?  Oh, silly me, I’ve forgot!  You don’t have one.”
“Get dressed, John, we have a case.”
“You ask questions yourself when you’re on a case.”
sorry for.  I can be sorry for a death I didn’t cause.”
The worst off was the silent man, who fell into a fever.  When they camped that night, his companion knelt next to him, bathing his forehead with cool water.  Sara Dmitrievna brewed a tea from willow bark, and the two women together got him to drink it, but to no avail.  In the morning, he could not be roused from unconsciousness.  By noon, he was dead.
was my favourite piece when I was a child. I used to dance to it. I wanted to be a dancer when I grew up.”
“Which is why you asked John to come.”
“Brilliant deduction, genius! Yes, I’m angry! I thought we were keeping Mary’s presence here a secret!”
“The withdrawal scenes weren’t, ah, triggering?” By the time John had realized there
time – but never again.”
us!  No orders, no supplies, no new troops, not even a bloody memo to tell us what was happening!”
“Threw it across the room, actually. The dent’s still in the wall.”
John’s belligerence collapsed as well. “How old were you?” he asked gently.
Sherlock threw the phone at John. “Lestrade wants you to confirm that I’m not selling my body for use as a surrogate in order to get money to buy cocaine,” he snapped.
“The initial chaos eventually passed, leaving behind rubble.  I was seventeen, with one year of university, little practical knowledge of the world and the wrong sort of accent.  I did what I needed to do to survive – and what I needed to do to deal with what I needed to do to survive.”
“Sorry. Look, Sherlock, it’s fine. It’s all...”
However, this put them at the limit of John’s previous experience with men. They’d discussed blow jobs, but disagreed as to the best way to proceed.  John was adamant that Sherlock should be the first recipient so that they could establish whether or not he enjoyed the experience.  Sherlock was obviously aware that admitting he
“I was under the impression that none of his recent books had been successful.”
“Sherlock,” John began, but Campbell-Williams interrupted him.
“Why didn’t you come to me in the first place?” Sherlock asked with some anger. “I would have taken the case.”
Pretending, he’d meant to add.  But as he spoke he tested his lame leg, putting his weight upon it, and the leg was as sound as if it had never been injured.
Bill Wiggins, kitted out in his new parka, found John there.
“With at least one important difference: the term ‘soulmates’ is commonly taken to imply a unique match. The traits theory does not.  The woman you met this evening would never have caused your band to change colour simply because she was neither dangerous nor particularly intelligent.”
“It really couldn’t,” replied John.
The reason for Sherlock’s impatience – as if he ever needed a reason – became apparent when they got back to Baker Street. Sherlock withdrew a fistful of documents from the inside of his Belstaff with a flourish, threw the Belstaff itself in approximately the direction of a vacant coat hook and then appropriated both the coffee table and John’s laptop, settling in for what appeared to be a major research effort.
“Watch who yer calling a thug, boyo,” spat one of the burly men.  “And what’s all this stuff in the kitchen?  Looks like a drug lab.”
, I was able to find four posts.  One was targeted at Joe Antonelli and one at Angie Stevens.  Each of these appeared within a 24-hour period before the victim’s death.  The remaining two posts were targeted at Jabez Wilson.  The later one appeared within a 24-hour period before his death.  The earlier one appeared the previous day.”
“You mean with drugs.”
She wasn’t “like.”  Eurus had
is a real pub.  I was attracted by its piratical associations.
“You are
“Oh, I don’t know, your own common sense?  No, wait – you apparently don’t have any!”
The beach John was lying on was so very comfortable, but the tide was coming in.  He had to get up.  But he couldn’t get up because he’d knocked someone down and was sitting on them.  He could feel them holding him...  Down?
Sherlock shook his head. “William Sherlock Scott Holmes. That’s the whole of it.”
Abruptly, Ivan could neither draw breath nor expel it.  His lungs, the muscles of his throat and chest had ceased to function.  He could only stand, trying to fight down the rising panic as the edges of his vision darkened.
John grinned. “You sound like my flatmate.”
“The Committee’s not particularly prudish,” Sherlock noted.  “It is, however, concerned that efficient use should be made of all available housing units.  The poster is attempting to find a compatible flatmate before the Committee assigns someone rather less so.”
“Oooh, can I play too?”
A door opened on the floor above them, allowing voices to be heard.
“Usacheva said bring you back to camp.  She didn’t say anything about going for a stroll first,” argued Tyuleneva.  Andreyev nodded, one hand still held over his nose.
indicate that I agree with your
“With a bed that’s too small for both of you,” Sherlock added promptly.
John frowned. “An ay-ma what?”
“I might.  Are you going to keep your gun with you while you cook?”
“We don’t need more accountants in London.”  And Clipboard Man walked away, leaving the assistants to persuade and the soldiers to compel.
“Spasibo, Tyuleneva.  You’ve given me much to think about.”
“Some
John’s face heated with the memory. It had seemed plausible and even admirable to him then that someone who’d found, loved and lost their soulmate would devote themselves to their work.  That Sherlock was relatively young and undeniably attractive made John’s blunder even more embarrassing.  He
John wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s waist. “Everything okay?”
“You said he was taking his meds!”
“Perhaps a talented amateur. Someone who had not only the training but also access to a tattoo machine, needles and ink.”
David Wentworth’s mewling increased after a phone call to the US Embassy failed to provide a sympathetic response.
“But none underneath the actual building. Merely a modest wine cellar stocked with excellent vintages.”
Mary chuckled and drew him back to her. “I’m having you on. But really, why are you bringing up Sherlock in this particular setting?”
“Dexter.”
“Herbal soothers,” explained Sherlock briefly.
“Yes, of course! What else... Oh, never mind, here!” Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and placed it on his own flat... Oh. Not quite so flat, ever so slightly squooshy belly.
Tyler glared sullenly at the floor, but remembered to speak up. “I told him to take them.  He said they made his stomach hurt and he didn’t have to take orders from a kid and you’d never know unless I was a rat and told you.  What was I supposed to do?  Pill him like we pill the cat?”
“I didn’t realize what that would feel like for
am the not the one who would have culled the citizens of London like cattle to fuel my experiments.”
With a thundering roar, the main part of the keep collapsed.  The northern tower, standing alone now, was visibly shaking.  “Sherlock!” Ivan cried as he charged towards its base – or tried to, for he was suddenly seized from behind.  His captors weren’t strong enough to hold him, but as he fought his way free, the top of the tower exploded in a shower of stone and sparks.
“What’s going on here?” asked John sharply.
Ivan felt his feet shuffling beneath him as his body turned around without his volition.  Having Muircheartaigh at his back made his flesh crawl.  Sherlock looked less pristine than he had this morning, his feathers dusted with ashes and in some disarray, but he stood tall, holding his glorious wings slightly outspread.  Between Sherlock and Ivan lay a pool of liquid set into the stone floor.  Water, Ivan thought at first glance, but the liquid had a curious sheen to it and rippled in a way that was oddly disturbing.  Ivan was fairly sure he did not want to go swimming.
“Was this before or after you wanted to be a pirate?”
“I had a cup of tea and a banana.”
John handed mugs to Lestrade and Billy, then sipped at his own.
“Yeah, Clara and I can finally get properly divorced. None of this ‘separated but still married’ shit.  Of course the ‘pro-bonders’ are up in arms  Waving signs, yelling slogans, jumping on front of TV cameras.  Not that they matter anymore.”
“I did. I exploited a weakness in the security system. Access to those floors of the building was controlled by a private lift called by Magnussen’s key card and
“More than fine, I’d hope.”
“And an alpha who was at wedding – Dexter?”
wake due to a nightmare and discover I was gone, then when I returned I would have told you that I’d gone out for cigarettes. You would have been distracted into lecturing me about smoking.” Sherlock preened a bit more.
“Estimated time?”
Sherlock frowned at him, then shrugged and moved around to study the corpse’s shoes.
“Why would I? Your fantasies usually turn out quite well for us both.” Sherlock’s voice acquired a touch of slyness. “The superiour quality of nutrients available in the child’s post-natal environment will undoubtedly make up for any genetic shortcoming... John!”
“In fact, body weight in general is limited in amarsupials, at least in land-bound species. For any species, the mother has to be able to carry her own weight
“Budge over.”
“No, it’s surprisingly...”
“Unfortunately, yes,” said John with a grimace.
“So’s Sergeant Donovan.”
“Sherlock, you’re wearing
officer, that’s what...  Sherlock, please tell me you’re not planning to meet the killer alone.”
“An interested party.”
“I meant the meeting, you berk.”
As the imperial forces licked their wounds, doctors fought to save the tsarevich’s life.  His wounded shoulder became inflamed and feverish.  In his delirium, he cried out over and over from the pain in his leg, but the bone was whole and the doctors could find no injury.  When Ivan’s fever finally broke and his shoulder appeared to be healing cleanly, the doctors declared that they had done all that could be done in a field hospital.  The tsarevich was still too weak to ride, so his men constructed a litter.  Uilleam an t-Moireach chose six others to accompany him in bringing the tsarevich home, and they began the long journey north.
“What about him?”
“Yes, thank you,” said Mycroft.
“Come after him?  Hardly.  I’ve come seeking
Morstan, are in big trouble.”
The driver laughed.  “Do you have reservations?  No?  Then you won’t be getting a room at any hotel, not without Committee connections, which I know you don’t have since you’ve just got here.  We’re almost to Baker Street anyhow, I might as well take you the whole way.”
“However her subconscious supposedly defined those, however
Miranda opened her mouth, but Lestrade was already speaking. “Easy now.  We’re here to find out what happened, not assign blame.  Right?”  He caught Miranda’s eye, and she subsided.  “So you and your granduncle watched telly, went for walks and shared the occasional pint.  Anything else happen?”
He started to push himself up out of chair.
understand. There is nothing in this world that I would not do to stop that happening.”
“And now someone’s killing the people involved in the plot?  Why, for revenge?”
John bristled. “Sherlock’s not window-dressing, Dr Campbell-Williams.  Whatever’s going on here, he’s your best chance of getting to the bottom of it as quickly as possible.”
John hummed to himself as he tackled the washing-up, then considered the contents of the refrigerator.
Just as John was about to confirm that there was indeed only one patch, his mobile rang. He jerked awake, cursing Sherlock’s violin and the slow day at the clinic as he grabbed the phone.
“Sherlock...”
“Where did you think you’d be now at this time last year?” he asked, as much to distract himself as for any other reason.
“Wear a suit.”
Which meant no.
“Mary apparently did. Here.” Sherlock shoved the laptop back towards John, who blinked at the screen.
Marfa Hudovna ignored him.  “That was one of the first tests we instituted, dear.  But we added others as people kept coming...”
Lestrade, shall we?”
taking the swabs – especially after John pointedly suggested that Sherlock should swab his pouch and run tests on his
Now, it had long been widely known that a love for fine wines and strong vodka was common in the imperial line in general and in the Tsarevna Harrieta Watovna in particular.  From the first, Clara had made no secret of her disapproval of this tendency, but she had done so with gentleness and affection, so that the tsar and tsarevich had hoped she might eventually lead Harrieta to more sober habits.
“Why?”
like that.
“Mrs Hudson has lived a long and varied life.”
“Yes, of course, Sherlock. Always Sherlock.” And she walked away. John heard the bedroom door close.
“Right then, we should do that sometime, go for a pint.”
“Yes, but I won’t use it unless I find something worthwhile.  There’s a risk of the light being seeing, and the London light pollution provides enough illumination for a general look around.  Don’t touch anything, you’re not wearing gloves.”  Sherlock waved a gloved hand to indicate the space around them.  “These rooms were obviously Wilson’s living quarters.  He didn’t entertain much if at all.  The sitting room was used more as an office.”
“Generally speaking, no. But there’s an additional factor that you may not have considered.”  Even in the dark, John could tell that Sherlock had sat up a little straighter at that, affronted.  “Having sex with someone who’s merely ‘tolerating’ what we do together, even if they’re not taking drugs to do so – that’s just not on for me, Sherlock.  Part of what I enjoy is getting the other person to enjoy themselves.”
“And this wanker was your soulmate.” The moment John said the words he knew they had been mistake, even as he watched Sherlock’s face start to slip behind its mask.  “Sorry.  I’m sorry, that was uncalled for.  It’s just... I’m having trouble understanding how the whole soulmate thing happened.”
“That’s not the same thing, Sherlock! I had an opening to grab Moriarty, I took it. There wasn’t enough time to explain.”
“If there was anything that Mary wanted, she should have taken it with her.”
“...wrote Dobrieuzi’s equation on the whiteboard and began smashing whatever he could. His grandnephew was unable to stop him.”
“It’s nothing I haven’t heard before,” Sherlock commented as he sat on the sofa and sipped his tea back at 221B.
have called her.  She’d told me she was going on holidays.  I might have been meaning to call her after she got back.  No, let me finish!  Or maybe I
“I need something to bind this with,” said Sara Dmitrievna, and laid her hands on her own robes as if to rend them apart.
“Tomorrow,” John replied firmly.  “Go get your shower.”
Janine elbowed him. “Be nice, Sherl! He grinned at her as she continued, “John, I haven’t told Mary about this. I kind of wanted to surprise her.”
“Some.  I’ve got a laptop around here somewhere.”  Sherlock waved a hand to indicate the sitting room generally.  “You’re welcome to have a look yourself.”
“Ah, you’ve deleted refractory periods, have you?”
“Isn’t it?”
He tried calling for help.  Manya Bocharova’s head appeared at the top of the well.  “What do you want?” she asked.  Considering that the water was now up to his waist, he would have thought that was obvious.  But before he could explain, she shook her head.  “You’re not wearing any clothes.  People will talk,” she said apologetically.  Then she vanished.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but John touched Sherlock’s shoulder and shook his own head.  Let Stevens have a moment to compose himself.
But he saw Sherlock freeze, just for a moment, and underneath his arm Mary stiffened ever so slightly.
anything from that experience, Sherlock, anything at all?”
“I retract... my statement... that you’re... short.” Sherlock drove his arse down extra hard on John’s cock. “Not short... at all... So very... long. Thick. John.” Sherlock’s own cock was dripping all over John’s belly. “John, touch me! Oh.
“But it wouldn’t read as the
“The one thing I asked, the
“A good summary of my current hypothesis. On my advice, Campbell-Williams is meeting Wentworth for dinner tomorrow evening.”
John made his retreat.
“Of course it is. You and I will be there.”
“Ouch.” Lestrade lapsed into glum silence and started to wander idly about the flat, poking at things, reminding John of...
is currently doing work comparable to ours, Mr Holmes. No one else has the skills or the expertise.  However, I can get you a list of others engaged in research on the same topic.  My cooperation on this point does
“Have you, then? Well, let me know if there’s anything I can do to help.”
drop by the morgue, so she gave them to me under the assumption that I already knew you’d commissioned her to go clothing shopping for Mary.”
“Molly Hooper? She and Sherlock aren’t, ah, on the best of terms at the moment.”
“So why not tell us?” Lestrade asked – and then answered his own question. “Because he’s tracking them down himself.”
“He used to...” and here Campbell-Williams seemed hesitant for the first time. “He used to do the same with me, when we first met.  He said that meeting people would help my career.  He wouldn’t listen when I tried to tell him that scientific career-building doesn’t work quite that way.  And anyway, I rather liked it.”
“Delores said – Delores is...”
It was fine. It was all fine, up until the day that Sherlock leapt from the roof of St Bart’s. After that the problem was not that life no longer seemed fine. The problem was that life no longer seemed
“Something to drink, sir?”  The air steward’s voice interrupted John’s memories.
“Sherlock, look at this. Numerous small lacerations, with bruising underneath.”
agree to test me?” Ivan asked Sherlock.
Their destination proved to be a dance club, upscale without being pretentious, well-populated without being too crowded. This early in the evening, the music was low-key and only a few couples swayed together on the dance floor.  Most of the patrons were clustered around the bar or at the small tables that ringed the edges of the room.
He got a rhythm going, both hands stroking and squeezing, one on Sherlock’s cock, the other alternating between the two teats. Sherlock’s whole body danced with John, the undulating arch of his back driving his belly and groin forward into John’s hands in perfect synchrony. And then, when Sherlock’s breath came in damp ragged pants against John’s neck, when he arched too far, when he lost the beat, when the rhythm they’d share broke and hung suspended in mid-air – then John thumbed the slit at the head of Sherlock’s cock as he ran his fingernails over Sherlock’s swollen teats.
“What’s the magic word?” John asked as he took his hand away to grab the lube and squeeze some on his fingers.
He thought Sherlock might dance with Mary’s meg-of-honour – Jenny? No, Janine. She and Sherlock had seemed to be getting along, earlier. But when John looked around after a bit, he saw Janine dancing with an alpha with light brown hair and glasses, no third partner in sight. He searched the crowd further and spotted Molly and Tom dancing with Mrs Hudson – who had some astonishing moves for an omega her age – but there was no sign of Sherlock.
“What are you driving at?”
“I don’t like to pry, dear, but I couldn’t help noticing that there was a lot of yelling and door slamming yesterday – and not for the first time in recent months.”
“Miranda Caustlin gave you her phone number while you and Gavin were in the pub two weeks ago,” stated Sherlock as the cab pulled into traffic.
John frowned. “You mean he thought that the worst that could happen was that nothing would happen?”
“There was a... complication. I’ll be there as soon as I can find a cab. Listen, don’t let Sherlock leave until I get there.”
“Mmmm...”
Sherlock gave him a small smile. “I’d think it would be so blindingly obvious as to be impossible to forget.”
you, Ivan Watovich, but I
“But look, don’t you find that, well...” John waved first in the general direction of Greg’s right wrist and then across the pub towards a small group of women talking with each other.
“Yeah, well, she and Sherlock have... become involved.”
.  John couldn’t have shared this himself, but he might understand it.  Mycroft?  Sherlock doubted it.
John dropped the newspaper he’d been hiding his thoughts behind. “Bloody hell, Sherlock, you did it
“Hmmm, classical design features...  Looks like work favoured a few decades ago, especially by...  Oh.  No, he wouldn’t have sold his own pieces in his shop.  If I’m correct, Wilson designed and created them out of sentiment for times gone by.”
“Well, of course...” John began – and then stopped, because the next words were going to be “you’re here.”
Mary chuckled. “Oi, don’t disrespect the potential babysitter! You’re going to need her.”
“Look, Sherlock, alphas don’t even knot omegas unless the omegas are in heat. An omega in heat undergoes physiological changes that allow her to experience...”
“No, I didn’t ‘really’ need to relieve myself.  There was a private office further down the corridor.  Locked door but a common type of lock, easy to pick.  And since Mrs Antonelli had already dismissed me as an idiot, she didn’t bother keeping an eye on me.”
“Right trouser pocket,” added Sherlock impatiently.
“Not quite as clear cut as that.  I did a fair bit of doctoring in the army.  Sometimes I was all we had.”
This, of course, immediately sent all three inspectors heading into the bedroom – and away from the refrigerator with the livers in it.
Had Umbrella Man scared them all off?  Unlikely.  Any number of potential flatmates would have jumped at the chance to earn money for information.
And then just as abruptly, he
“Time is of the essence,” put in Sherlock smoothly, “if scientific espionage is involved.”
“What a coincidence,” said John. “So am I.”
can see it again. Er... right now?”
, I think he did.”
“For what?”
“This morning. He was...” shooting up in a crack house, bit not good, that. “He was at 221B when I dropped by.”
“That’s not true,” retorted Mary. “I specifically asked John if he thought Molly Hooper might be interested. John can verify that.”
and let the officer put handcuffs on you!” raged Campbell-Williams.
Dexter flushed. “Okay, right, sorry. It’s between you and him.”
leave, that’s a good question.”
“Yes, one of the letters is to my father, another to my sister.  I, ah, mentioned you in both.  What do you know about curing drunkenness?”
The steward continued down the aisle, leaving John to his thoughts.
Behind Mary, Sherlock walked in through the open door.
John glared back for a moment before relenting. “How’s this, then?  I
“Do you see now, Vanechka?  Do you understand?  At heart, Sherlock and I are
Marfa Hudovna smiled.  “He sees more than he says, Misha does.  He’d heard stories of you from men returned from fighting in the southern mountains, so he took it on himself to test you.  You passed, so he sent you on to Manya Bocharova, and when you passed her test as well, she sent you to me.”  She got up again and began to tend to the wood stove.
“Someone read them.”
Sherlock stared at him a moment and then, thankfully, turned to look out the window.
Sherlock glared at her. “If
Hell, John thought.  The pub!  Everyone would be out here.
The guards looked uniformly baffled.  “Himself never gets messages,” said another, distinguishable by his carroty hair.
Mike chuckled.  “I’ll leave you two to it.”  And he did.
protect you, John.”  The sudden, intent ferocity in Sherlock’s voice made John shiver.  “Afterwards you would have met Mary and... found comfort with her.”
Without waiting for a reply from John, he turned towards the stairs and yelled down, “Mrs Hudson!  Have Billy and Archie bring my husband’s bags up.  And we need tea!”
“You’ll be right behind me, yes?”
John had shot a man for Sherlock once, out of friendship and admiration and loyalty. He’d do it again. That bit was the same. But he was beginning to think his reasons have changed – or not so much changed, as grown deeper roots and more tangled branches. He had been surprised and pleased by Miranda’s attention in the pub – and then he’d almost immediately forgot about her. He’d enjoyed the assurance that he could still catch an attractive woman’s eye, but he’d been far less interested in the woman herself. What that said about him was... something he didn’t want to think about too deeply.
. And it would have been useless anyway.”
John’s temper deflated abruptly. “Not
The voice chuckled.  “In 15 hours.  Don’t be late.”  The caller hung up.
to keep from bringing you to his atten... Oh.”
John could hear Sherlock’s troubled breathing.
“Never mind, I shouldn’t have asked. Does it seem odd to you that someone with an unusual hair colour wouldn’t bother to dye it or shave it or something before embarking on a series of burglaries?
The driver and the concierge glared at each other.  Finally the driver barked at John, “Get back on the bus!”
As John walked away from the scene with Sherlock and Madeleine, he remembered walking away from another crime scene. Seemed like a long time ago now.
Sherlock shrugged.  “We were only half-brothers – and never friends.  He did what he could.  I didn’t expect anything more and therefore was not disappointed.”
“And religious figures – priests, ministers, rabbis, that sort of thing.  The hospital chaplain and I got to talking about it one slow night in the ER when I was doing my residency.  Jam...”
“But we should have you two over for dinner really soon!” Sherlock and Dexter nodded in support of this idea. “My place, though – no scuzz-dumps!
worry. It was all going far too well for any plan that involved both Sherlock and Mary.
“It’s all right,” said Ivan.  “I have one of my own.  But – the other?”
“How are things going with you and Sherlock?”
The responses from the garden sounded very much like denials.
The street was hardly more than an alley itself.  Had it always been this narrow?  And amazingly dark, considering the heat from the sun blazing down.  Ivan looked up to check the position of the sun and found that instead he was looking at a roof of old, moss-grown rock.  The houses were gone too – rock walls closed in on either side of him, and why had he thought it was hot?  The cold, damp air of the tunnel chilled him to the bone.  His bare feet splashed in the puddles on the muddy floor.
“Too right! But until then, no hurry.”
She was holding a phone and John heard her address Sherlock, asking him what he wanted. Good question, thought John.
The moment Lestrade was gone, Sherlock’s demeanour changed entirely.  “Did you find it?” he demanded of Billy.
Mr Holmes set down his cup and got to his feet. “May I take that for you?” he asked Mary, indicating the suitcase.
not a sorcerer to go without sleep.  When are we doing this?”
John’s embarrassed interest in Sherlock’s love life evaporated, to be replaced by the beginnings of anger.
David had gone pale.
going to notice you?”
Mr Holmes grinned back. “Not as physically active as Sherlock. We leave that sort of thing to you younger folk.” He sipped his punch. “I could never bear to argue with her. I’m something of a moron myself. But she’s ...” – he glanced towards the kitchen, then lowered his voice slightly – “...unbelievably hot!”
,” and John wasn’t sure whether the order came from Sherlock or from his own body. He thrust helplessly against that lean and muscular leg, again and again. The height difference meant that he couldn’t return the favour but Sherlock was rutting against John’s stomach, against John’s
The days leading up to the wedding seemed both to drag and to fly by. Sherlock continued to obsess about the wedding to the point where John had to take him and “run” him, which led to them saving a young guard’s life at Wellington Barracks. Then Sherlock returned the favour by taking John on a uniquely awful stag night, including not only the traditional over-consumption of alcohol and drunken games but also a botched crime scene, a gaol cell and a rescue by an over-amused and over-loud Lestrade.
“That was
Practicing medicine in a war zone had reinforced John’s innately practical nature. If he couldn’t have Sherlock Holmes as a lover, he could still appreciate this remarkable man as a friend and partner in crime (very occasionally) and in solving crime (much more often).
to be worth, you mean.”
She swept out the door without waiting for a response.
John signed the notebook page with the birth records.
“Wha’?”
“Good job.  What was it?”
Sherlock levered himself to his knees and looked invitingly over his shoulder. “You could...?” He gave his bum a wriggle for completely unnecessary emphasis.
“Not really, Sherlock,” John growled.
“The lair to which Victor and I had tracked Muircheartaigh was cold and empty when I returned.  I set out to find the sorcerer again while at the same time gathering any information that might be useful in defeating him.  There wasn’t much.  I followed rumours, hints, wisps of data, bare traces of trails.  I did this... a long time.”
But Sherlock was already striding out the front door.  John hurried to keep up.  At the kerb, Sherlock looked imperiously at the oncoming traffic and waved.  Three cars immediately began to swerve in their direction.  As the fastest driver pulled to a stop in front of them, the other two pulled back into traffic, honking and making rude gestures.
“Then we can’t let word get out.  I must do my courting alone.  I’ll be one more soldier, home from the wars, looking to marry and settle down.”
there a ‘right spot’ for a gunshot wound to the chest?”
Outside the gate, a dun gelding stood already saddled, its reins tied to a tree.  A casual observer would not have known that the gelding was, in fact, the finest horse in the tsar’s stables whose appearance did not advertise its quality.  The observer would not have seen that beneath his shirt, the gentleman wore a signet ring bearing the tsar’s seal upon a chain.  Wrapped in an old shirt in one of his saddle bags was a case of jewels – to be precise, every piece of jewellery that the Tsarevna Harrieta Watovna had given to her wife during their marriage.
out,” repeated the driver.
“Now,” he said, “Take me to your leader.”
The lady in question shrieked and vanished down the hallway, returning a moment later with a large sheet.  “You wrap yourself in this, Sherlock Holmes.  I’ll go into Svyatoy Varfolomeyevsk tomorrow and have some clothes made for you, but in the meantime you can’t go running around naked.”
After that their relationship began to regain something like its old ease. Sherlock started texting John during working hours to ask him his medical opinion on this or that.  Then the texts began arriving with lurid photos attached.
“That was for a case.”
“John, you can also assist with swapping the beds.”
“Why test me, then?  Why was I different?”
John came back from (yet another) Tesco run that afternoon to be waylaid (once again) by Mrs Hudson the moment he got in the front door. This time, however, she came bearing a warning rather than food.
“There was a camera at eye height to the right of the door. A live picture of the card user was relayed directly to Magnussen’s personal staff in his office – the only people trusted to make a positive ID. At that hour, the person responding would almost certainly be his PA.”
organize a feast.  Up to you, but I rather thought you’d prefer to enjoy a quiet meal of excellent food.”
“Good night, Sherlock.”  No response from Sherlock, who appeared to be trying to read three books at once.  John left him to it.
Ivan ducked and reached behind him to grab his sword, spinning on his heels as he rose again and sprang up the steps.  Behind him he heard the sweep of wings as Sherlock launched himself over the pool.
“Well, it’s worse for a woman. David was unintimidated, appreciative, even supportive.  It made for... a nice change.”
Neither the driver nor the car had what one might call a professional look.  “Is this bloke a real cabbie?” John asked Sherlock.
This innocuous question started Sherlock off on a rant against the vacuity of the available programming, complete with detailed descriptions of the programs Sherlock found most offensive.
He walked away, twirling his umbrella as he vanished into the warehouse depths.
have somewhere else to be, Mycroft,” said Sherlock. “Making plans for your next meal or your next war. Possibly both simultaneously.”
John felt his face heating.
doing?  None of it matters now.”  Her mouth wobbled as she dabbed at her eyes.
When the bus came to a stop in front of the high-rises and the driver announced, “Everyone out!” the passengers stared.  This was not the London they remembered.
John blinked bemusedly. “Sherlock, did your parents just tell us they were spending the night in a hotel so that we could have sex?”
John’s were equally steady.
Wiggins waved and walked away.
“What about him?” the woman retorted.  “He’s not on my list, so he doesn’t stay here.”
Ha! John tried to catch Sherlock’s eye, but Sherlock remained resolutely glued to his newspaper.
“Finally Uncle Don started to calm down a bit, or maybe just get tired. I remembered the protesters on the telly, so I took some markers and wrote slogans from their signs on the walls.  I thought maybe the scientists would think that protesters had smashed up the lab.  Then I got Uncle Don out of there.  We got out of the building without anyone seeing us, but Uncle Don...  He was breathing funny.  I wanted to call a taxi, but I didn’t have any money and Uncle Don had come out without his wallet, so we just kept walking.  We were going past an alley, and Uncle Don turned off the street.  He said he had to lie down, that he was dizzy and his chest hurt.  He just sort of
“Only if you go by the road, dear,” she replied – and winked.  “I have friends in Svyatoy Varfolomeyevsk and spend many a pleasant afternoon there.”
of it was my idea. Not this part.”
“I suppose. You know what’s in this, of course?”
John raised his head. “I’ll be rubbish at parenting too. But each of us will make different kinds of mistakes. Things might balance out okay.”
Sherlock’s smile was a horrid, twisted thing. “She certainly didn’t do so for Magnussen’s sake.”
“No, no!  One of the other clerks was found dead in the room where we kept accounts.  It was a curious death, for the only door was barred from the inside.  The lord’s guards had to break it down.”
“You’re assuming that I’m leaving the lights on.”
child through the alleyways of London! It’s past time you learned to grow up, show some responsibility and
“So,” said John as casually as he could.  “Molly.”
Extra milk for Mary. A package of jammy dodgers. Or there were Christmas biscuits in with... Oh, hell, the leftovers.
phone rang, which almost certainly meant...
“What’s Sherlock’s not saying is that I
and didn’t get back until the evening of the day before yesterday.”
John stopped. “Okay.”
Judging from the hoots of laughter, several people remembered the “posh junky” all too well.
“The photographer is presumably familiar with the premises,” Sherlock pointed out. “She might also need the money if she wishes to continue attending galas and other such events.”
“Watch me.”
“Poor Svinarnikov.  But to be honest, this is a trait your sister and I share.  I would have told you long before now if I had ever seriously thought you might propose to me.”
“And yet you’re thinking it anyway.”
“Billy, are you all right?” called Marie.
John’s head was beginning to spin.  “Wait.  Husband?
Predictably, Sherlock knew a restaurant where the owner owed him a favour and was happy to stay open a bit later than usual to accommodate Sherlock and John. John’s saag gosht was amazing. So was Sherlock’s murgh kari when John asked for a taste, but Sherlock himself merely picked at it – and that only when he wasn’t occupied with shredding a piece of makki di roti.
“Have you looked at what’s on it?”
“His first word when he woke up?”
“So you don’t mind accepting favours from him.”
“Misha Kamen’brodsky seems to have taken that upon himself.” Sherlock sounded – put upon?  A bit testy, perhaps, at having to admit that he’d been unable to deduce Misha’s motives.
Sherlock managed to slip past her up the stairs, leaving John and his books to mollify their landlady.  It wasn’t a bad strategy.  Once Mrs Hudson had blown off her initial head of steam and realized that John was listening to her patiently while holding nearly two stone of books, she quickly became more sympathetic – at least towards John.
Sherlock leant down slightly, tilted John’s chin up just a bit and kissed him on the mouth, a brief, sweet press of lips that was over almost as soon as it started.
“Of course I do, dear! I’m an omega myself and it’s
“Fuck me,” John breathed against Sherlock’s lips. “Will you fuck me?”
Despite their failure to reach an agreement to-date, both parties admitted to having sufficient motivation to continue discussing the matter.
Ivan took it and turned to go, but stopped at the door when he realized that Sherlock didn’t seem to be following.  Instead, the creature was going around the chamber, touching the hangings with his wingtip.  Wherever he touched, bright flames bloomed.
Sherlock wanted another date. That was good. Sherlock probably wanted more time to research. Oh. Dating protocols.
“So to speak,” Sherlock agreed.
, such a startling sound that Ivan couldn’t resist provoking it again – and again.  He built up a rhythm, alternating strokes and squeezes, running his thumb over plump, weeping tip as Sherlock gasped and shook against him, long fingers clawing at Ivan’s back.
Foucault shrugged again, this time with a small, sad smile. “He was a young man too, for all that he seemed older to me.”
John would work something out.  One thing was certain: as long as Sherlock wanted him at Baker Street, he wasn’t leaving.
“Much better than they are at this moment,” Ivan said slowly, “If you’re working for him.”
“High praise. My sister knows a tattoo artist.”
person who’s both reasonably intelligent...”
Ivan shut his eyes, prepared to die.  But there was no pain.  Heat, certainly, and a sensation of being... stroked?  Ivan opened his eyes again and looked down at the flames twining around his bare ankles and calves, rising steadily.  Even as he watched a tendril of flame rose up to stroke the tender hollow behind one of his knees.  It was oddly pleasant.  And then something more than pleasant as the flames rose higher, licking and stroking the insides of his thighs, so that an answering heat began growing in his belly.
“You’d be surprised,” Sherlock responded loftily.
“Then you’ve come to the wrong place,” John snapped as he stood up and went for his jacket.
“Even before that the system was self-balancing to some degree, since secondary gender isn’t settled until puberty. In family groups with large numbers of children, large numbers of alpha/omega individuals and/or scarce resources, a higher proportion of adolescents will present as betas. Under the opposite conditions, a higher proportion will present as alphas or omegas, depending on their primary gender.”
John chuckled. “I’m sure we do, but have you ever heard of ‘morning mouth’?”
never let go of it.
“True.”
“Eat this, and have a bit of cheese with it.”
Eurus took her violin off her shoulder and glared.  Then she put the violin back and played "Ah! vous dirai-je, maman," without ornamentation.  Very slowly.
“John?”
The long, appraising look Sherlock gave him when he descended from his bedroom almost had John questioning his presumptions, but then Sherlock more or less threw his jacket at him and bundled him out the door and into a cab.
Sherlock smirked.  “It’s for men.”
Oh, hell.  If Sherlock had managed to land a boyfriend, this situation was about to get all the more awkward.
God help him.
Two days later, John came downstairs for his morning tea and found Sherlock asleep on the sofa, a bit grimy but otherwise no worse for wear.
.  He grew bolder and tongued the slit, holding Sherlock’s hips down by force as the man tried to thrust up, and that’s when John realized that
“Whose skull is that on the mantelpiece?”  That was the other thug.
John arrived home from the clinic that evening to find Sherlock all but dancing a jig. He’d infiltrated Wentworth’s hotel room dressed as a member of the housekeeping staff, only to have to hide in a closet when Wentworth returned unexpectedly.  Fortunately, Wentworth received a phone call and went out shortly afterwards.  Sherlock had thrown a shabby jacket over his staff uniform and a knitted cap over his curls, then tailed Wentworth to Regent’s Park.
Ivan was still simmering, but what could he say?  That Sherlock
“No. Not like them.”  Sherlock grimaced and started to pull back.  Unthinking, John placed a hand on his sleeve to keep him close.
John was grinning as he let himself in. Sherlock’s bedroom door was shut, with a sliver of light showing from underneath. His laptop and latest stack of beekeeping material were missing from the living room, where they had occupied a position of prominence earlier that day.
“He’s being released into my care tomorrow in any case. I’ve managed to get my appointments for the next two weeks rescheduled with other doctors.”
Mycroft had looked down his nose.  “None of us have a clear understanding of Eurus’ motivations, least of all
“I tried phoning Uncle Don, but there was no answer. It was already getting late, so I didn’t think much of that one way or the other.  Then I phoned Angela and told her not to bother going in the next day, I would go myself.  And I asked Tyler if Don had been there on the days he’d gone in.”
“Were companions rather than soulmates and have nothing to do with the case. Besides Foucault's marriage, I haven’t been able to find mention of any other relationships that aren’t strictly professional – as is, for example, his relationship with Campbell-Williams”
“You’re a gem, Mrs Hudson. Thank you.”
“I could have bought a new one.”
With that, Ivan strode off, not caring if the others followed or not.  Behind him, he heard Andreyev whining about the extra walking and how his boots hurt his feet.  But Tyuleneva and Andreyev did follow, all the way back to the clearing where – sweet gods, was it just last night? – Ivan and Sherlock had camped.  Together.  Ivan shook his head to clear his thoughts and headed for the tree where he’d hidden the jewels.  The bundle was still there, and he slipped it into his shirt.  Taking up the case he’d taken from the castle, he turned to Tyuleneva and Andreyev.
“As you are no sorcerer, I am no coward to sit idly by while another faces danger for my family’s sake.  If this curse can be lifted, we will do it together.”
Sherlock arrived just as John was pouring the tea.
“Oh, don’t pretend you worked that out,” retorted Anderson.  “Somebody told you that.”
But Sherlock’s answering shrug was noncommittal. “For a time.  I moved on to other projects.”
“I was going to say, all yours.”
At a quarter of five in the morning the fourth day after Sherlock’s departure for Lancashire, John shook himself awake from a fitful doze that was about to take a left turn into a nightmare. He was contemplating the question of whether or not it was worthwhile trying to get any more sleep that night when a dark shape by the bedroom door moved slightly.  Staring at the shape caused it to resolve into Sherlock, sitting cross-legged on the floor.
Sherlock was the first one to enter, inhaling deeply as he circled the room.  He stopped at the room’s one window, set high in the wall, and gave the latch a tug.
John leant close and whispered in his ear, “I’ve never fucked any pouch but yours.”
As John walked the candidate – who’d interviewed wonderfully – towards the outside door of the waiting room at 4:39, an older, grey-haired man with a bushy beard stood up too fast and became dizzy, causing both John and the nurse to rush to assist him. The man apologized charmingly in an accent that suggested Eastern Europe. He was especially gallant towards the nurse and struck up a bit of a conversation with her, which she managed with appropriate professionalism. John was quite pleased.
John decided it might be time to intervene. “Mary, you know how initially a choriovitelline placenta forms from the yolk sac of the fertilized ovum, right?”
“Deanna and Sean?”
“He’s right here, I’ll toss him the phone as soon as he puts his violin dow...
yours, but the clothes are not.  You haven’t lied to Marfa Hudovna – your grip on the hilt is indeed that of a soldier – but you haven’t told her the entire truth, either.  I know who you are, Ivan Watovich.”
Suddenly, John felt a lot more alert. “So you’ve got her coming in to identify the body.”
John frowned.  “Who’s this?  Who’s speaking?”
He froze, barely remembering to swallow his mouthful of scotch-and-soda.
“What?”
“I am.”  John didn’t add, there’s nothing left for me here anymore.  Too maudlin, especially given that he didn’t have the excuse of being drunk.  He finished off his glass, stood, threw some money on the table and collected his cane.
“And where did you go?”
“Any chance that Wentworth might be responsible for the threatening messages Campbell-Williams received?”
,” Sherlock snapped.  “Victor and I had already come close to defeating him, and I’d gained additional knowledge of the sorcerer in my travels.  I had every reason to believe that with a competent assistant, I could defeat him.  But... they kept getting captured.”
“...concerns me. Sorry, what? Your... Sherlock.” The grin John felt stretching across his face was echoed by the bloom of warmth in his heart.
John frowned. “Practical results as in, practical for people wanting to change their band colour?  They’ve done all the testing required for that?  Because I think I would have seen something about it in the medical journals.”
“A gentleman always keeps his promises,” agreed Sherlock lightly. “Have a lovely day, both of you. And call me later.”
“Yes.”  Good, thought John, Sherlock knows this bloke and can tell me what’s going on.
John stopped to lay a hand on his daughter’s grave before he left. There was room for one more grave beside the child’s.  His, probably, some day.
Would he get any answers by asking Sherlock outright?
say is that he had been doing so recently and that he obtained some of his information from foreign language sources.”
“Solve us a crime, Sherlock Holmes,” admonished Janine as she bestowed one last kiss on his nose and stepped out the door. Sherlock blew Dexter a kiss of his own, making the alpha blush as he closed the door behind himself and Janine.
“Other times they forgot about you once the crimes were solved?”
John Watson knows better than to lie to himself, and he would be lying if he said he hadn’t found Sherlock attractive from the first. But if Sherlock’s surprisingly gracious rejection of John’s initial advances hadn’t made things sufficiently clear, the withering scorn with which he greeted John’s subsequent string of megfriends would have settled the matter.
“But she was one of them,” said John as he handed Sherlock a mug of tea.
“Because... Look, I
John gave an experimental wriggle towards the edge of the bed.  No luck.  He wriggled a bit harder.  Sherlock grunted, and John looked at him.  Sherlock’s open eyes were silver in the dim light.  His face was soft with sleep.
restrain Sherlock?”
off his face.  I wanted to do something and I didn’t know what to do and the lady kept telling me that help was coming, she kept
John decided it was time for a change of subject. “Where’s Bill Wiggins spending the holiday? Mrs Hudson’s going to her sister’s, so he won’t be able to mooch on her.”
And John came so hard the world went white around him.
“It’s replaced by the chorioallantoic placenta in humans and other higher orders of mammals,” Sherlock clarified. “The lower orders make do with the choriovitelline placenta.”
He’d never done this with anyone else. He’d never been with another alpha at all – he wasn’t
“She wants you to ‘run him,’” explained Sherlock with a smirk.
“No, I couldn’t, love,” said John ruefully. “I’d never last for as long as it would take to get you prepared.”
John stared as Sherlock stepped up to the kerb and hailed a cab. When Sherlock pointedly held the door open for him, he considered walking off in the opposite direction.  His desire to confront Sherlock won out, and he scrambled into the cab after all.
“The protagonist is a former soldier. His love interest is a nurse.” Sherlock’s tone was completely level, even casual, but it was belied by the intense focus of his gaze and the tense squareness of his shoulders as he waited for a response.
It had started with Rosamund’s birthday party.  No, before that.  He’d played for Rosamund before that, when John brought her to visit or left her with Mrs Hudson to mind.  After all, she needed exposure to something other than mindless pop.  She was a surprisingly good audience, staring at the motions of his arms and hands as he played, laughing and kicking when he finished a piece.
“For you, always.” Mr Holmes held the door for her, then dropped John and Sherlock a wink before he closed it behind himself.
Slick, warm, tight and Sherlock was urging him to move, John was moving, once he started he couldn’t stop, so very good and yet... And yet... And then Sherlock placed one of his own large hands over the outside of his pouch, making a tunnel for John’s cock and that was
The last of the light had just vanished when he came to a clearing where the road apparently ended in front of a good-sized house.  As Ivan dismounted, the front door opened.  Someone stood in the doorway holding a torch.  An older woman’s voice called out, “Hello?  Who’s there?”
The acerbic pragmatism pierced the barriers John had gathered around himself to allow him to acknowledge his circumstances while keeping them at a distance. Now they gathered close around him, choking him, leaving him unable to speak.
Mary sat upright astride him, raised and then lowered herself and proceeded to ride John into oblivion. He yelled when he came, an incoherent cry. The last thing he remembered before he passed out was her face above him, smiling.
“Where was that?” asked Miranda.
Sherlock had said that.
“That was an
Sherlock opened his eyes and glared. “No!” He was panting a little.
Mrs Holmes hefted her over-sized purse. “All in here, dear. Timothy, are we ready?”
“That’s what people
Caustlin seemed a bit puzzled by the sudden change in subject, and she wasn’t the only one. “Uh, no.  I didn’t.  That didn’t occur to me.”
“You were making a completely unnecessary fuss about me leaving the flat on my own.”
“Ah, right. That sounds vaguely familiar.”
John and Sherlock stared at each other.  Finally John said, forcing his voice to calmness, “Well, that was certainly worth staying up all night for.”
“...it. Or had someone else do that for you. Molly’s still too angry...”
“And enjoy,” came the sulky interjection.
“Ahhh!”
“All right, so he – he?”
Sherlock straightened up, pulling out of John’s arms. “You’re upset.  We don’t
“Yes, sorry, yes, Mike.”  John took the hand Mike offered and shook it.  “Hello, hi.”
“Damn right I did!  I made the journey and passed all his stupid tests, the rye field, the well, the pile of wood.”  She shot a sideways glance at Ivan.  “You
,” he said, mimicking Sherlock’s intonation, “But I’m having breakfast first.”
“So are lots of humans! Not as intelligent as you Holmeses, maybe, but...” But. Wait a moment. There was something...
Sherlock sniffed. “Nor should you be. You’ve displayed an abysmal level of observational skills, even for you.”
John laughed. “Come have some breakfast yourself, genius.”
Sherlock took another deep breath in through his nose.  “Quite clear.  And is your wife away for long?”
Several things happened at once. Campbell-Williams suddenly woke up, got a firm grip on her ex-husband’s arm and half jumped, half fell backwards away from the cab.  The elderly man grew half a head taller and slammed his fist into the thick-set man’s gut.  The cabbie opened
“I don’t know, dear.  I don’t want to know.  Boris was executed.  His family threw me out, but I’d been expecting that.  So had Sherlock, for he came and got me.  He said he was living in an abandoned hunting lodge in a forest and asked me to come keep house for him.  When I got here, it turned out that he’d got his laboratory nicely set up, and beyond that hadn’t done one thing to repair or even clean the house at all!  I still remember how proud he was as he showed it to me and asked me what I thought of it.”  She was smiling now.
“You dropped by.”
Ivan casually fell in alongside her.  “So,” he began after they’d covered a few yards.  “I was a soldier, and Svinarnikov was a guard.  Where’d
John was agreeable. “So, Sherlock, tell me about places you’ve travelled.”
, by M L Holmes.
“Protect
Typical, thought Ivan, and proceeded in the direction they had already been going.  It wasn’t long before he came upon the clearing in front of the castle gates.  Through the bars of the gates, seven guards could be seen lounging about various stages of boredom.  In the heat of the day, they’d removed their helmets and pushed their cowls back.  If they’d been Ivan’s men, he would have set the lot of them to digging latrines and shovelling manure.
, for example” – Sherlock indicated a small mound of bits and pieces – “appears to be 97.6% of the remains of a research-grade microscope that would have fetched at least £300 if the thief knew how to contact the right sort of buyer.”
John Hamish Watson,” Sherlock added.  “My husband.”  He stepped over to John’s left side and put his arm around John’s waist.  John leaned in a bit for verisimilitude.
breathe.  He stood drawing great, gasping breaths as Muircheartaigh crooned, “There!  Wasn’t that
them to change colour.  In either direction.  What will that make of the pro-bonders’ gibberish then?”
“No. I could call them, but I thought...”
They were a quiet company as they sat around the fire after supper until Andreyev, watching the woman at the graveside, mused aloud, “I wonder if my wife waits for me.”
his key card. Someone attempting to call it with any
“Well, you’re a bloody fine GP,” Bill asserted.  “Your patients like you, and so do the nurses.”
“Had a go at it yourself, did you?” John smiled, imagining a younger Sherlock, eager to follow in his hero’s steps – and possibly win a Nobel of his own.
“But didn’t guess in what way.”
“Infiltrating.”
“Depends.  If I do, will that increase the chances of you actually eating something?”
“HE MADE US BOTH WEAR THE HAT.”
“You mean to hold me to my
“What about you?”
“Here, what about him?” demanded the driver.  His tone was none too friendly.
Mr Holmes was indeed in the living room, but he’d apparently finished with the fire and was making little humming noises as he thumbed through a book. When John handed him a cup of punch (“Ta, lad”), he found himself receiving the book in return.
“Anyway, I thought he did and that if I could get him talking about past stuff, like his job, he would calm down. And it worked, pretty much.”
John caught Lestrade’s wince at the way she’d phrased the question. Any teenager would answer that tone almost reflexively.  Sure enough, Tyler relaxed just a bit and answered, “Yeah.  Yeah, of course.  He needs his meds, you said that before you left.”  He was back to looking at the floor.
“Oh, no, you won’t. You’ll have to stay in bed all the time. You’ll always be here, waiting for me.”
“And what kind of wife would you be looking for?  Or would you be looking for a husband instead?”
“Briefly.”
“Information.  Nothing indiscreet.  Nothing you’d feel... uncomfortable with.  Just tell me what he’s up to.”
John nodded. “Okay, then.”
“Well, now,” boomed Lord Holmes, “I don’t expect that you want to stand here talking with us old folks, John.  Sherlock!”
“I ran out of guards.  They fell apart on me.  Your doing?”
“They’ve got him on a higher floor this time. Also, you might want to post a constable or two outside his door. Protective custody for a material witness in your investigation.”
“Lay it against the wound,” Ivan asked.  She frowned even more deeply, but did as he asked.  The crimson feather lay across the crimson blood – but no, the feather seemed to be soaking up the blood, not changing in size or shape as it did so but becoming even more brilliant in colour.  The edges of the wound were now visible, but even as Ivan and Sara watched, the edges shifted, drawing closer together.  The wound was healing, far more rapidly than was natural.
Ivan started.  “What?”
Ivan was wide awake now.  “But you said it was part of Muircheartaigh’s curse!”
“It corrupts the magnetic strip. The card stops working. It’s a common problem – never put your key card with your phone.”
As the tsarevich rested and healed in his chambers, his men went abroad and returned with news.  Rumours swirled through the streets of the capital like clouds of noxious, oily fumes and escaped the city gates to spread across the countryside.  The nobles were restless.  The common folk were scared.
“Not at all,” John replied, trying for his best, most inviting smile. It had been a while since he’d smiled at a woman this way, but he was fairly sure he hadn’t lost the trick of it.  He waved at his glass.  “May I get you something?”
She slipped the phone back into her pocket, pulled out a scrap of paper and a stub of pencil and scribbled briefly.  Then she glared at John, but spoke to the driver.
But Mary was shaking her head. “Oh, John, I’m sorry. It’s so clear to me, I thought you knew as well.”
“He’s my half-brother, to be precise.  And to avoid exiling me, he would have had to call in more political favours than he considered the situation to be worth.”
Sherlock was obviously right. John was an idiot.
“I think he wants me to take a look.”
“So soon?” whined George, “Thought we might get out of here and hit a few pubs, for old times’ sake like.”
Sherlock had indeed been bleeding internally, the result of sutures torn somewhere in the process of climbing out the hospital window, gallivanting around London arranging his trap, executing said trap and acting more or less as Mary’s defence solicitor. Dr Dixon had not been at all happy to have to repair her earlier work. John had suggested that she express her displeasure to Sherlock personally, supplying plenty of technical detail and not pulling any verbal punches. From the look on Dixon’s face, John got the impression she was looking forward to it.
home,” insisted Billy.
“...and very likely non-existent. Besides, she’s not dangerous enough for you,” finished Sherlock.  A moment later, he added, “Why are you staring at me?”
Bill shrugged. “It was a long trip gettin’ ‘ere.”
A shred of red fabric hung off the remains of a rusty bolt protruding from the brick near the corner.
“Not with bodies in canals.”
“I don’t ‘think’ – I know.”
“You won’t hurt me.”
Sherlock stepped up close to John then and looked down his patrician nose, emphasizing their height difference in a way he rarely did. He aimed his words as carefully as John would aim a gun.  “My dealer was my soulmate.  Everything I wanted.”
He fell asleep before it occurred to him that it was he who was sleeping in Sherlock’s bed, by Sherlock’s invitation.
“By myself, of course. He needs to hear the rest. John, Mycroft has come to tell us when his people found when they broke into...”
“Good for you!  The Canadian Forces?  I see what you mean about that pint.  Any specialties?”
“Then why would
“Well observed, John. In Ravel’s day, the
“Want to do it yourself?” Donovan offered.
“You’re not worried about them coming after you?”
“In the past, you’ve been able to deal with other’s misperceptions simply by displaying your wrist. Now this is no longer an option.”
“It was the grandnephew who wrote the other slogans, yes? To try and cover, to protect Donald.”
“And yet, over a distance of six feet, you failed to make a kill shot.” He was breathing heavily. “Enough to hospitalise me, not enough to kill me. That wasn’t a
“Only when Sherlock’s involved,” Mike assured him.
of them.”
With a put-upon sigh, Sherlock extracted his phone and dialled.  As he’d predicted, Lestrade was not yet in, but the sergeant on duty took down the time and place of the rendezvous, promising to pass the information on to Lestrade.
Molly texted to let them know that the analysis of the splinters had failed to turn up anything of note. Sherlock sighed deeply and collapsed on the sofa.  He roused briefly when someone from the university called, then pronounced the call boring and collapsed again.
“Oh!” said Manya a third time.  She bit her lip and looked grave.  Really, she was rather charming.  “Well, I, ah, I – I’ve got all this washing to do!  I can talk to you after that, but I’ve got to get the washing done first.  And it would go faster if you, ah – would you mind carrying water for me?  Because I’m going to need lots, and if I could just focus on the washing bit and you were doing the carrying bit, it would all go, ah...”
Sherlock’s face took an on expression that John had come to recognize. So apparently did Mr Holmes.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Not your usual type.”
The cab ride home had never seemed so long.
With a rush of air, Sherlock swooped to ground, landing only a few feet in front of Ivan.  “I can not guarantee,” Sherlock said tersely, “that this will work.”
They kissed for a while, both of them quickly growing bolder until Sherlock sucked gently on John’s tongue – and John’s knees gave out.
“I still say it’s a hell of a way to start a marriage, brother.”
“They’re
“Perhaps
There were moments of discord, each theme striking precisely the wrong notes to mesh with the other, but these were always resolved.  The music woven by the two themes grew ever richer.  Nor did it ever end.  It simply grew softer and softer, until there was no music but only the two violinists, looking into each other’s eyes.
“I hardly needed to be
“That would leave our child out.”
“No, you’ll call Lestrade with the information as you promised.”
“And finally, at the top of the building on your right.”
“Nope. Anderson.”
“Me.”
was out to get them and then one of them said something about another’s sister.”
never know, because you took that choice away from me. What I
“Mary’s a clever woman, John. Almost clever enough to evade Mycroft’s people on her own.”
After a couple of months, the men began slipping back into capital by ones and twos, without any fuss at all.
.  So, you’re getting a divorce, you’re getting a tattoo, you’ve been dating other women all along and plan to keep doing so.  Anything else?”
“Sherlock was injured, but Magnussen was killed,” John observed in a neutral voice.
“Jack Curran would be...”
“Sherlock, I’m afraid the head in the refrigerator is going to have to go.”
to escape. Not you, never you.” He added another finger, stroking, massaging, but when he withdrew his hand, Sherlock grabbed him suddenly and flipped them over.
Ivan blinked awake to see Marfa Hudovna standing above him, holding a candle.  “I’m sorry, dear, I know it’s early, but you have to get up now if you’re going to be in time.  I’ll go back to the kitchen and finish getting things ready while you dress.  Wear something warm, and bring your sword.”
They both looked at John.
“I have,” replied Sherlock. “And I know that
“Not in the anatomical sense. I believe it was originally a theatre prop.”
“After the Revolution, the Church of England was outlawed due to its close ties to the British monarchy.  The practice of other sects and religions is technically not illegal, but it’s heavily discouraged.  According to the Committee, ‘religion is the opium of the masses.’  Of course they’ve outlawed opium as well.”
withdrawal scenes, Sherlock was already watching them.
Mary looked at him, eyes dancing, and John felt his face warm. “Or at least he looked that way from the other side of the room.”
“Us,” said John firmly.
Greg’s triumph faded into a groan. “Not the divorce laws.  I’ve been hearing about those at the Yard all day.”
“You batted your eyes.”
“Leave your fingerprints on my hips, yes, John,
“I’ll let you practice your lines, then.” With that, Sherlock turned pointedly to stare out the window.
“You don’t have to use it,” added Sherlock.  “But I’d feel better if you had it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’ve already made the mistake of not taking the detritus of your pregnancy test with you for deposit in a public waste bin when you left. You won’t help your case by continuing to lie.”
“So, Campbell-Williams’s a physicist rather than a biochemist. Odd partnership, don’t you think?”
“I’ll have no problems clearing your application for employment at the Cromwell and would recommend that you submit it as soon as possible.  Dr Stamford can assist you with the necessary forms.”
The surgeon looked tired and her scrubs were stained, but what John noticed first was that she lacked the numb, defeated look of a doctor who’s had a patient die under their hands. He knew exactly what that felt like. This woman was not feeling it. John began to feel just slightly hopeful for the first time since he’d got Lestrade’s call.
That sounded promising. “Can I swap, well, can the SIM card from my old phone be swapped into this one?”
“John, we can’t risk...” Sherlock began.
Smelled rather nice, actually.
Yes, John knew it, but hearing it
“She needs the pouch,” Sherlock warned, but he held the infant so that Mary could see her, if only for a few seconds. Then he tucked his daughter into his pouch, arranging her so that her tiny mouth brushed a teat.
“Sherlock, Mrs Hudson already knows there’s an omega giving birth up here. She
your landlady and I ought to be told when someone’s going to be staying in the building for a while.”
Finally becoming a bit tired of it all, John decided to try humour instead. “I don’t know what you’re complaining about,” he remarked one evening at supper. “I’m the one who hasn’t got any new clothes. I’m feeling a bit left out!”
“So you’ve got another ten weeks, maybe eleven. Who’s going to carry for you? Who’s your beta?”
“Never much for housekeeping, that one. Well, you’ll see to that now that you’re back. No, don’t look at me like that, John Watson. Sound carries in these old houses. Here, now.” She plunked a plate of a toast and a cup of tea down in front of him. “Would you like an egg, dear?”
Ivan blinked.  How could the creature know so much and yet apparently fail to recognize the tsarevich’s name?  It appeared to be waiting expectantly.  “Well,” said Ivan, “I can see there’s no fooling you!”  The creature preened.  “Uh, care for some breakfast?”
“I know things look bad, but this isn’t the end,” argued Ivan, “Harrieta is still a young and fine-looking woman, she can marry again...”
He was sleeping on the porch and the wind in the trees whispered, “Vanyavanyavanyushhhhhhka,” but he wasn’t sleeping after all – he was flying.  Flying high over the forest, very fast, so that the wind brought tears to his eyes but he wasn’t afraid because the flames wrapped around him held him safe, would never let him fall.  They flew on and on, towards the light of the sun, but the sun suddenly turned dark and they flew into the centre of the darkness.
Having no alternatives of his own, John once again did thing’s Sherlock’s way.
, John,
John woke in the night to hear Sherlock playing his violin, not any particular melody but rather long sequences of notes that sometimes drifted, sometimes darted about as if reflecting the player’s thoughts. Sherlock drank tea when John made it, disdained toast despite the fact that John had made it and grudgingly allowed John to inspect his arms, which never bore more than two nicotine patches between them.
“I didn’t. Not personally.”
“Really.  That’s not the usual reaction.”
In fact, Sherlock was still a bit tense, but John ignored that as he kissed Sherlock’s neck and ran his hands down his chest. Sherlock’s secondary nipples – vestigial on a male beta – rose into tight buds at John’s touch. Sherlock himself arched a bit, then relaxed.
more thing,” said John. He described the luxury vehicle and the four men who’d gotten out.
“You don’t deserve me,” she retorted. “I’m making allowances.” And then she giggled.
“Tomato with Worcestershire, please.”
“You too.” And he was gone.
” yelled John. “Bring it into St Bart’s and tell them I found it on my doorstep?”
“That doesn’t mean you should have to hear it again. You said yourself that you didn't, well, kill him.”
“You may find this useful, then.” And Sherlock handed John a bit of paper with a phone number scribbled on it, in Sherlock’s own spiky writing.
“Your guards weren’t human!” yelled Ivan.
Lestrade shrugged. “Right.  But still nothing to do with...  Oh.  Oh,
“Or I can handle the matter myself, as you prefer. Shall I send a car to take you home?”
Lestrade let himself out, shutting the door to the flat behind him.  John could hear him exchanging remarks with Mrs Hudson and Marie downstairs but couldn’t make out what they were saying.
“John.”
Foucault sat very straight and spoke very calmly. Only the slight trembling of his hands on the desktop betrayed him.  When he noticed John looking at them, he glanced at them himself, then gave a slight shrug and left them where they were.
“No trouble at all, ma’am.” John poured the tea, wondering just how much Mrs Holmes knew.
?  Wait a moment, where is...?”
Finally Ivan reminded them that he was willing to answer questions regarding the tsar and his court.  A short silence followed as the men looked sideways at each other to see who would go first.
“But you’re the one who carried me here.”
In the torch’s light, the woman was indeed white-haired and elderly.  But she smiled warmly in welcome.  “Then you’d best come in, dear.  Let me show you where you can stable your horse first.”
“A mobile phone then.  The job application I filled out today asked for a phone number.  Mike said to write down his, but I can see I’m going to need a phone of my own.”
Both Caustlins were crying freely now. When Miranda leaned over and put her arms around her son, he hugged her back, hard.
Slowly, people began to move towards the Newcastle bus.
“What, you got your homeless network to do it? Or, no, wait, you called
She thrust the scrap of paper at the driver, who scowled as he took it.  “Baker Street?  That’s right the centre of the city!  It’s at least another hour, with the traffic and all.  I’m not taking him, I’m due to go off-shift.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply and instead yawned a third time.  John stood up, collected their mugs and put them in the sink.  Then he offered both hands to Sherlock.  “Come on, up you get.”
His answering laughter was caught off abruptly when she sealed her lips around his cock.
The wedding day itself arrived. They made it through the ceremony without mishap, after which John found himself standing between Mary and Sherlock on receiving line. Ah, so
If Committee connections could get a man a hotel room, could they get him a posh suit?
“Precisely. You have nothing else to do, you’d might as well come with me.”
The picture Sherlock painted was so grim that Ivan attempted to lighten it with a joke. “Didn’t that get boring after a while?”
“Except that he no longer has the financial resources he had at the time he met you.”
“And with you as well, Sara Dmitrievna.  Wait, take this.”  He handed her the crimson feather.  “For your feet.  And the others’.  Grab the guards’ gear and get everyone clear of the castle.”
, then. But why would he care? He’s
And with that, John knew what had happened. “The catalyst you used to reverse the reaction attacked McKelvey’s wrist bone.”
This was the part of the plan John liked least.
After lunch he stopped at a library and made use of their directory collection in an attempt to locate Harry.  John knew that Harry’s husband’s last name was Taylor.  The problem was that he didn’t remember the old lech’s first name, didn’t know if Harry would have a listing in her own name, didn’t know if Harry had managed to free herself from the marriage and didn’t know if she would have resumed using the name Watson.  He didn’t even know if she was still in London.  There were a daunting number of listings for Harriet, Harry and H Taylor or Watson in the London street address and mobile phone directories alone, never mind the country as a whole.  When a would-be helpful librarian warned John that
“Your fists are clenched, John. Going to try and beat me up again?” Sherlock sneered. “Don’t bother. I’m going out.” He whirled around and headed for the door, grabbing his Belstaff as he went.
.  If you had ever told me – wait, you
“Well, he won’t be your assistant.”  That was the Estuary accent, Lestrade.
The black-purple colour of the eastern sky, the strains of rising birdsong were all as they had been the day before.  Despite the half-light, Ivan had no trouble making out the path, as it was lined with white stones.  As promised, it led to a grove of tall, white birch trees.  No one else appeared to be there, so Ivan settled down against a tree to wait.  He’d already scanned the trees around him several times for signs that someone was approaching when he happened to glance upwards – and froze.  A huge, dark shape perched high in a tree only yards from where Ivan sat.  It looked like nothing so much as a gigantic bird, a bird the size of a man.
“Probably not, although she could have.  She did a lot of work with herbs, tinctures, poultices.  I got my start by working with her.  But I kept stealing your cup and bits of food from your plate and you were annoyed but not actually angry with me.   She saw that.  She also saw that I was doing it on purpose, so that she would see it.”
