Also this shouldn't affect the updates BUT I think I literally gave myself tendonitis from writing *checks google doc* uhh... 70k in six weeks? Plus the typing I do for my desk job. So if my responses to your comments are brief that's why!
“Did you want to join me?” he asks him as he sinks into the water. His hand goes to the binding sigil on his hip, and that’s when Castiel finally looks away, maybe thinking he’s touching somewhere else.
It's early in the season and tickets are cheap, even though they're pretty crappy seats. Dean spends most of the game explaining how it works. By the fifth inning Cas mostly knows when to cheer, starts clapping along when Sweet Caroline gets pumped out over the speakers. Dean wonders where Cas came from, what he left behind. If there's a family like his apparent lookalike or if it's a burned out house like the Gillespie family, like his.
There’s another case waiting for him, because there always is. Unlike always, Dean decides to come along. The hunt goes - smoothly. And Cas confirms the slowly rising thought that people tend to eat way more than he does.
“I told you what we did.” The rising sun comes through the car, and a stripe of it is heating up Cas’s thigh even as they drive.
When Cas is with Dean, he knows when to eat. And he starts being with Dean more and more often. He tries random roadside stalls - full of fruit or pastries or local cuisine - and starts to recognize the typical diner faire they can expect when they pull into sleepy, backwater towns. There’s candy and coffee and more burgers than he can count. There’s him and Dean splitting meals while they pour over notes, grabbing a bite as they get ready to leave for the next town, sharing snacks while watching a movie late at night.
Hopefully that text scrambler doesn't fuck with actually being able to read the fic - but let me know if it does!
it says, voice circling him like a dark cloud.
(See the end of the chapter for
In his dream he’s in a long corridor that gets smaller and smaller, like it’s Alice in Wonderland. There’s some tan cape going into the light and he’s running to catch it. Behind him is an ink-black figure with glowing sockets. “Get away from me!” he yells at it.
“Uriel,” Sam says in a rush, “he’s another angel, I couldn’t stop him from -” A painful ringing threads through the air, and an angel is there in the room. A new one, who is less friendly than Anna.
"And you're
John doesn’t say anything. Dean watches him from the corner of his eye as he starts packing up his clothes, rolling up the clean ones and stuffing the dirty stuff to one side of his bag. He grabs his toothbrush, toothpaste, the other things he has on the bathroom counter all neat and tidy.
Dean’s leafing through a few local papers he picked up when his phone rings again. “Hello?”
Roger’s Farm is actually a little red barn that acts as a storefront, and not much of a farm at all. There are peaches and sweet corn out in stalls. They cruise past it like they're taking a lazy summer drive, windows down, arms dangling against the heated metal.
Dean’s lulled into it all - a case freshly finished, the sand and saltwater, a bar they find on the expanse of beach that has ice-cold beers. Cas gets them another round and Dean watches, lazy, as two women approach him as he waits. They’re about Dean’s age, skin bronze from the sun. One twirls a strand of salt-curled hair around and around her finger as she flirts with Cas. Her friend looks over at him, and helpless between watching Cas and what his usual inclination is to any pretty woman who gives him a second look, he’s stuck awkwardly waving a hand.
Through the flames, Dean shoots him a grin. “Ta-da,” he says, victorious.
John slams the lid of the box shut. “Damnit, Dean, you can’t just ‘let things’ jog your memory. Were you even paying attention when you interviewed her?”
Dean had been kind of hoping the demon creeping up behind the angel would’ve sunken that nasty looking blade into its meatsuit, but the angel turns around at the last second and stabs it, ends its existence right there.
Cas thinks he might break a sweat soon. Maybe.
They finish up the hunt in Nevada and hop over one state to Arizona. It’s so hot Cas feels like he can’t breathe. Not that he needs to, he thinks bitterly, but he
Dean tries to remember what he was going to say. Can't. He closes his eyes and zones out enough that he's resting his head on Cas's shoulder. "'M gonna be so hungover tomorrow."
“But you…” Her gaze flicks back and forth. “Your Grace…”
doing anything, and there’s nothing to defend. Cas has met Cassie before, so he smiles and talks to her for a minute, asking about her class and the paper she’s working at. Dean watches their back and forth like a tennis match until Cas gets up and tells them he’ll see them around.
“You can’t seriously be shaming me for working with a
"Shut up," he says, looking determinedly back at the clock. "Didn't tell you anything."
“What?”
"He's just a man. Normal wife and daughter. Normal job. No signs that I'm a lost twin or anything. I just -" The windows in the house shatter as the flames lick up to the floors above. "What if it's more than a coincidence?"
Dean reaches out a hand, inhuman eyes locking on what had been shown to him in the light. “Looking good,” he says, and his fingers brush against something that zings against his nerve endings, making them feel like they’ve been numbed and zapped with a static shock. The wings flutter and Cas sends a warning look over at Dean. He grins. “Real good.”
Lucifer can read a demon’s mind easier than most, but like Cas had told him - it was a labyrinth. Hidden passageways, looping corridors, more than a few monsters dotting the path. He just needs a handful of seconds, really, and Sam catching his own meatsuit in the chest with some consecrated buckshot is enough of a nuisance to work.
Or what remains of him.
He digs out a blue M&M, holds it between his thumb and forefinger like a gemstone. It’s made of artificial dye that would probably cause cancer and environmental waste and the usual stuff someone like Sam would bitch about, and it doesn’t taste quite like how it used to, he thinks, but maybe a lot of stuff he liked as a kid morphed and changed until it wasn’t
The spray is hot and soothing on muscles that don’t ache anymore. He soaps up his body, double checking his nails really are clean. He thinks about the bag that’s still out by his duffel, if Cas is going to go through it and think about - he swallows. It’s fine, really. Cas has seen him at his worst - bleeding out, waxing poetically about Dr. Sexy reruns, on the verge of death, admiring the thread count on t-shirts when they go thrifting - sex is sex, is the thing. Sex with Cas should be simple.
Holy shit it's finished (kind of). Damn can you believe they just ended s1 like that in the show? Fucked up huh lol.
Instead he gets back on track and tells her why he’s
"Lie about what?"
“Do you ever think about that?” He shrugs, regretting the train of thought already. They were in Sioux Falls for the past week, which meant eating home cooked meals with Pamela and sleeping in an actual bed, a library of occult research all in one place, somewhere they could put their clothes in a closet, if they wanted to. “…Maybe,” Cas says, eventually, “if it wasn’t just me there.”
Dean shrugs. “It’s a big world. Sure there’s plenty of shit for us to get into. Right Cas?" The angel tilts his head, out of earshot for most of that conversation. They're all closer to the water now. It's not a big lake, but in the distance, Dean can see a few boats moving around in the water.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You can’t possibly think I’ll let you go to enjoy those 'spoils'. Not until the battle’s done.”
“I think some people could say the same thing about you.” Sam flinches back, and Dean smiles. “I can practically taste the demon blood from over here, Sammy. Thought I told you to stay away from other demons. You don’t know where they’ve been.”
"What gave it away, the friggin' mystery body parts?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then why aren’t you hearing freaky shit? It only seems to affect one person at a time. Then they kick the bucket and some other poor bastard goes nuts next.” Cas gives him that
“I didn’t say anything.”
(See the end of the chapter for
About four days before posting this chapter I had a thought of *why* didn't we get a long cut of Sam and Dean in some laundromat silently watching their clothes spin?? we were ROBBED. So I shoved that in here, too. And hopefully everyone reading this also knows what a trip to Sioux Falls means...
"I'm not going back to school, Dean." Sam wipes his fingers on some spare napkins and gets up from the table. Dean follows, watching Sam toss the rest of the food before the gulls can fight over it, much to Dean's disappointment. "Should I even ask what you two are going to do?"
John made friends with the owner, which wasn’t that strange in hindsight, considering he and his brother probably weren’t allowed in the half of the building that didn’t have crane machines and cheap plastic prizes to win, and he’s dragged inside.
me: but then castiel probably couldn't be there which would suck because he's my fave character
"You're a demon, Dean. Eating's just for show. I think I earned the right to some junk food." Dean ignores his brother as he sucks salt and grease from his fingers, eyes sliding over to where Cas is. Lucifer's attack didn't seem to drain all of Cas's original Grace, even if it put them right back to square one - a nearly powerless angel that couldn't fly back to heaven even if he wanted to. Dean watches him watch the water, calm waves lapping at the old dock he's sitting on.
Cas pointedly lifts the instruction manual that came with the car. Dean rolls his eyes.
Setting a SPN fic before season 1 is great actually because all the minor/recurring characters that wind up dead in the show actually aren't at this point, so I don't have to create too many OCs. Isaac and Tamara were from 3.01 and tbh I'm kind of bummed we don't run into Tamara after that. Also I apparently didn't know how to spell Isaac until five minutes before I posted this.
He blinks. "Dean's my friend." She frowns up at him. Her name’s Beth, she’s known Cassie since they both started school and they live together in an apartment off campus. She’s studying English and wears a lot of eyeliner. She gives him a look similar to the one he gives to family members who lost a loved one in a supernatural attack.
Angels can’t see into demon’s minds easily, as Castiel had said, but it can be done. Dean’s not sure when the penny dropped, but by the time Michael's lying prone in the dirt, Lucifer tells them he knew of their plan to reopen the cage with the Horsemen’s Rings.
“Sam's an adult. He can look away if he wants to,” Dean snarks, but he pulls back and works on getting Cas to his feet. The earth swallowed up where Lucifer and Michael had gone, where Adam and Dean’s empty body now reside. Now there’s only a large circle of deadened grass to prove there was anything there at all. The three of them stare at it.
“Driving a Lincoln? Tan?”
"You can't exactly excuse mistakes, dealing with this stuff. One wrong move and you're dead."
Thirdly, same as when I went on hiatus before s1 started, if any of you had any ideas/concepts/fun asides that you'd like to see in season 2, feel free to leave it as a comment! Sometimes they sneak their way in here >:) I'll also be on my tumblr at schmuzz1, and am always ALWAYS down to talk about this fic, so if you need a fix in the meantime hit me up there! Have fun and stay safe y'all!
“I should’ve remembered! It’s clearly important. Now he thinks I’m some sort of idiot.”
“Yeah, came in here, what was that, Tuesday? Said he had a text saying to come here, figured it was from you.”
Isaac had told him he had to live, to make hunting worth it. The words have been swimming around in the back of his brain for months. He thinks about him and Tamara and the daughter that was killed. He thinks about family. About love. He isn’t sure he has those things, knows what they are.
at him. He had said he was cool with it, you know, don’t ask don’t tell, right? And then he had work, and then he had to talk with John and then he was here, and he had been so ready to never think about
“No sir.”
They get back to the road once it’s dark out. Find the body and Dean’s axe. They salt and burn the bones. No specter comes out to attack them for it, and they don’t suddenly go insane, either.
But he doesn't get any answer to that, either.
“Got anything going on?”
Cas stabs her through the heart, and she flickers, orange-red-black, and falls to the ground.
“The vampires, Cas.”
The server calls Cas ‘handsome’ when she slides him his burger.
Cas blinks at him. “I didn’t say anything, Dean.”
“Figured as much.”
He realizes it’s not John’s friend like he thought. “Okay, I guess. Told me to get my ass over to Minneapolis for a case.” He sucks his teeth. “Said I should watch myself around you.”
Sam glances between them. “If you two start…”
“Good to see you too, buddy. What brings you here?”
“You’re taking orders from anyone now?”
“If men are supposed to like women, wouldn’t it make more sense to like female performers?”
"You think so?"
And what he wants is simple, really. Payback. Revenge. It’s a motivation that runs through hell right next to rivers of flame and blood. It’s what the demon Meg had told him once, the reason she clawed her way topside just to possess his brother as revenge for the exorcism that sent her back to hell. He can’t say he doesn’t get it; sometimes finds himself looking at the seal Castiel gave him, the one that stood up to Sam and Bobby’s frantic exorcism and got him his Impala back and half a dozen hunters chasing them across state lines. It’s more complex than the binding spell Meg had used, burned red-pink into his skin much like the handprint on his shoulder.
“Fine.”
His mind strays back to Sam and Ruby. He had smelled the demon blood on his brother as soon as they were face-to-face, heard enough whispers through the grapevine to know who that culprit was. “What, with true love’s kiss?”
“Listen,” Dean says, getting flashbacks to when he and Sam and John would be pouring over a tough case and he’d have to play mediator, “we have all the pieces, we just have to put them together.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I distract you?” Dean says, clearly delighted by the idea. He drops the pliers, not caring that they’re falling into his toolbox in a haphazard way. Then he kicks the box further towards the brake pedal and Cas thinks he might be in trouble.
Licking his lips, Cas obeys.
I feel like this chapter was a tad self indulgent - did we really need Dean making Cas bend a spoon and also hint that he might have a bit of a celebrity crush on Keanu Reeves? Or a little origin story of Dean's bracelets (and how Cas I guess just has way too many like a beloved camp counselor at the end of a week long session?) Or the charged scene of Dean staring at Cas's tattoo??? Perhaps not. Did I enjoy writing it? Absolutely.
“Do you?”
“We’re getting you a cell phone.” Dean’s voice is on the other line, rough and annoyed. Castiel feels his mouth pull to the side. “Do know how many demons I had to bleed dry before I figured you got pulled away by -”
“At least your father is alright.” Dean scoffs.
“Not as fun,” Dean hisses, grip tightening in Castiel again. “Always being bossed around -”
He pulls up to the 1994 blue eyesore that is Cas’s car about an hour later. It’s almost two in the morning. He knocks on the door, feeling old sweat under his clothes, the way his shoulder pulls, the humid air heavy. There’s some scraggly woods just behind the building, maybe half an acre that’s just a thin, long line of trees and brush that didn’t get cut down when the motel was built. He thinks he can see some yellow-green dots in the distance, there. Lightning bugs or some residual flashbang from the gun playing tricks on him.
Sam held out - of course he did. For all of Dean’s issues around him, Sam was stronger than most. And smarter, too. Enough to keep moving and lay low. Stay as safe as he could while he did what had to be done. Adam Milligan? Not so much. The angels found him eventually, and if Dean wasn’t going to work, Michael was forced to take the second best option.
He got some aspects of it - gas mileage, tires, trunk space - and he could probably figure out the oil change, and he replaced a brake light himself the other week without needing any help. But the stuff Dean does with the Impala - and now, apparently,
"More like a threshold. I was… reading about places of liminality,” he says, distracted. “Apparently they have the potential to reach beyond our current understanding, creating new realities. I believe airports can accomplish similar feats."
The words are an unjust slap to the face. Dean’s eyes go pointedly down to the beer he’s holding.
"Maybe because I like you."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why do you still eat?” Cas asks him, when he’s on his second bag of peanut M&Ms.
"We don't have to kill you," John says. She rolls her eyes.
Dean thinks about it. All the friends he tried to make, when he was still trying, were never going to understand his life, the things he's seen. But Cas had. It was different than John or Sam or the older, grizzled hunter types he met in passing. He could text Cas because he was bored, and they could drive around and he would listen to Cas rant about whatever was on the top 40s that week and Dean would put up with it because then he could lecture Cas about Led Zeppelin and how Bon Jovi was actually pretty okay, actually, and Cas read but didn't make Dean feel stupid just because he obviously read less, and in between all of that they could gank a monster of the week together, too. Cas knew him and had his back.
“Those are copies of different ledgers from art dealers and pawn shops around New England. Your father found that quite a few of the valuables stolen were sold off, and the money was dumped into Cheryl’s account, presumably to pay for her family’s house.”
So my theory here is that in late s1 the Winchesters thought vampires were extinct, so it'd follow that a hunter like Gordon Walker may have been under the same impression, and having Cas drop the fact that they were still out there may have put him on the trail of Lenore's nest sooner, causing them to break into factions and split up, which is why we have this situation here taking place before s1. I think Gordon was a pretty interesting character, it would've definitely been cool to see him more for the handful of eps we had to better depict this dichotomy between hunters. I don't know if my destiel fic is like, the Prime Place to address a lot of the issues the show had with how it depicts various minority groups, but I'm going to at least try to make this fic less abysmal than the canon was.
They don't speak for a while. Dean wants to offer up an explanation, even though Cas seems fine without one. His heart thuds in his chest as he searches for the words.
John cocks the shotgun. Cheryl gives him a withering glare, looking every bit the petulant drama queen. “Well? This is what you wanted, isn’t it?”
Dean casts his eyes up to track the road signs. "You know, I've never actually seen it?"
He reaches out and swipes at them, sucks them dry until they’re withered cells of fragmented power. He condenses them even more, hears them scream and shriek for help that doesn’t come until they’re snuffed out entirely. Esper and Ion and Nathaniel, gone. It’s what they get, he thinks, for trying to take what’s his.
“Yeah, well, that doesn’t always stop me from getting hurt.”
Dean gets home from his shift at the garage and John’s at the rental house, takes a look at him before turning away to the bag he’s filling up with clothes. He says they’re moving on the day after tomorrow and to start packing.
“I’m surprised you made it out here, thought you got someone else to look into that problem.” Dean’s still not clear on what the problem is, something about a few regulars going missing and turning up a few days later without their hands.
“Nobody
Dean sighs. "Never mind."
Instead she laughs and tells him he’s dating two people. She hangs up before Dean can argue against what is very obviously a joke.
“Okay,” he says. Cas makes those noises again, when Dean stretches him open - like he’s surprised that he feels as good as he does. “Alright?” Cas nods, breathing harder, eyes caught on where their bodies are connected.
(He absolutely knows why.)
"I mean I'm trying not to be a jerk - this looks like it’s kind of a big deal for you," she says, crossing her arms, "I’m pissed we’re breaking up, don’t get me wrong, but after seeing what my parents dealt with from being together back home… it's shitty, judging people for who they love.” She huffs, running her hands through her hair, shaking it out. Neither of them say anything for a minute. “Actually, um, I think I have something I can give you… yeah. Here." She digs out a book from one of her desk drawers and hands it over. "Part of my gender and sexuality class last term. Maybe you'll get some use out of it."
“Been there, done that,” he mutters, tugging the hem of his shirt up, jean's waistband down. He takes a breath and slashes the sigil.
“No, just clarifying. La vie bohème and, uh. All that jazz.”
“Anna,” he says, and Anna recognizes him, and it takes her much longer to place his name.
"No. I don't know. It's just." Cas sighs. "Why can't I remember anything? All the articles I've read about amnesia suggest it's short term. Eventually stuff
"Then why are we still here?" Dean nods to Haley and her brother. "I mean - why don't we just get them out of here and leave? Go find dad?"
“Don’t tell me you feel
Dean hesitates, just for a second. “Yeah, we wrapped that up quick.”
"So am I." Dean turns back and thumps Cas on the chest. "There's nothing else to it, Dean. Really."
"There's no pleasing you," Dean says, before sitting up at his seat. He leers, playful on top, a seriousness simmering underneath. "Unless...?"
“Oh.” Dean furrows his eyebrows, tilting his head like he’s trying to listen for something, but gives up on it. They go in their seperate cars and take 93 north until it splits into route 50. When they meet up again nine hours later, Dean keeps looking over his shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yeah, whatever," he says, stupidly petulant and stupidly happy, underneath.
Meanwhile Sam gets to do his fun 180 and be supreme ally to Cas lol. And I just added this one in as a fun little easter egg, but Cas (and Dean briefly) is wearing a very fun shirt because in my mind Cas has the weirdest sense of fashion and Dean just has to deal with it.
“See what you mean,” Dean says weakly, “talk to you later, Sammy.” He hangs up the phone.
Cas pulls back. "Alright?"
Beth grins. “A man of fine taste, I see.” She pops
They plan on tracking down Anna’s Grace, and she, a pragmatist at heart, tells them more information regarding the seals. Dean’s cell phone rings. “Who’s that?” he asks, staring at the unfamiliar contact on the screen.
Definitely more than these winged pricks.
“Good point.” He leans over, hands on either side of Castiel’s thighs. “We can skip to something else.”
They're in the basement of the house. Somehow, it isn’t as charming as the ye olde New England farmhouse that’s on the floor above. This is rough, cobbled stone, cold and lined with older hunting equipment left to rust next to a few chest freezers. Which are leaking a questionable looking substance. Awesome.
“Just because I don’t need it,” he tries, “doesn’t mean I don’t like it.”
“She’s scared out of her mind - can’t you do
It’s still light out. The cemetery had been old and abandoned, and they hadn’t had to dig under the cover of nightfall. The sun doesn’t set until well after eight, this far south, this deep into summer. Cas looks out the window. They’re not by the beach, but it’s only a mile off, maybe less.
“But we both like her. And Destiny’s Child.”
Sam’s body is still full of demon blood, and it’s disturbingly easy to wear his skin.
Spoiler alert for Thursday's update: I think next chapter will be very fun for you guys :)
me: i love time travel fix its. Supernatural needs some more post-series time travel fix its.
The next time he eats something is at a tourist trap diner in Oregon at two in the morning after another hunt. He doesn’t know what to get. Dean, the hunter across from him, gets a burger. So he gets a burger.
"You didn't have to get me one," Cas says, already walking over to the little tourist onlook where a bunch of Americans are crowded. There was a water wraith up by the New York border that got wrapped up quick, and Cas still hasn't seen Niagara Falls. Well, until now.
Sam Winchester, he thinks, perhaps too unkindly, is not most humans.
“Um.” Dean puts his lips on the rim of his long empty bottle. “It’s nothing.” It’s a thought that comes up, not enough to be an obsession, but. Enough. “Just… when you and Pamela, uh…” Dean can’t say it, not when it’s about Cas. He can talk about it enough when it's himself, or other guys, but not Cas. He makes a gesture instead, the condensation on his beer bottle spilling onto the weathered wood.
“Whatever."
Castiel is not used to being summoned. He had not been an angel well-known by humans, and as such, most information pertaining to him - his name, an incantation to bring him forward - was not recorded in places easy for most humans to get to.
He grins at her. “Forbidden fruit, sweetheart. It’s a pretty obvious kink.”
He and Cassie hold hands as he walks her to his car. His sliced up palm barely burns against hers.
“Does Cas?” Dean’s mouth snaps shut. "I mean, he doesn't like any of my friends. Not like that."
Cas calls about the fire while they’re driving away. The motel is fifteen minutes across town. They don't go there yet.
Sam used the rings, and the ground around them sink and disintegrates as Dean spills out of his own body. A weakened Michael and disoriented Lucifer try to move, to get away.
“My brother went to college,” For a moment, Dean looks caught, like he wasn’t expecting to say that.
John’s scribbling something in his journal when Dean opens the door, puts his hands in his pockets. All coiled up for a fight. “It’s all set. We might wanna leave before word spreads about the fire.”
“I promise, Dean.”
not attached at the hip like he and Sam used to be, but Sam's his brother, which is different. Cas is just some guy he goes to the movies with and eats with. It shouldn't matter.
Cas shrugs, fingers trailing down to Dean's chest, tracing nonsense patterns. "Then we can't. Or we try stuff until we find what works. I'm not picky."
“Stop.” Cas glances over, but Dean’s attention is on his weapons, so he assumes he’s just talking to a piece of equipment. “Seriously? What the fuck.” His shoulders pull tighter until he whips his head around. “Shut
Castiel watches him as he works, big blue eyes that don’t quite know when to blink, when to look away. Castiel didn’t have much of a form in the Pit - bright and ever-shifting, things that could be eyes or limbs or a voice. But he would do this down there, too. Perceive Dean until the demon had no choice but to go,
Demon Dean would be a switch and I've literally never written breathplay before but I just think he'd be into that too.
“So you put the moves on the yoga instructor?”
“You said
Dean never expected to come back, after. That last year is hazy, discolored by time and change in his current status of existence, but he remembers the anxiety, the mounting desperation, the fear that he would become a twisted, monstrous creature that he hated, that he hunted, a fear that only became an inescapable fact as the clock ticked down, and then, as the bargain Alastair made him each day got more and more tempting.
Back into another little story arc! I feel like I had more to say about this chapter when I was editing it at 2am but it's all vanished from my brain. Though as I was going through this fic's future chapters I have come to realize that John Winchester is lowkey just the minor villain of this entire story, which is fun.
“Answer the question.”
He stares up at the stained popcorn ceiling, light from the highway coming through a crack in the curtains. Cas is breathing deeply in the next bed. Dean turns to face that way, but it's too dark to see anything.
Abruptly, the wind flowing through the room stops. “Heather?” Cheryl talks a step forward, then another. “H-Heather, this isn’t funny. I -” She rushes over, jostling her sister. There’s more blood, and her head lolls in a way that only means one thing. Cheryl screams.
He drives until he can’t, anymore, and they stop at a diner.
"You like him, don't you?" one of them asks. She’s been dancing against him and he’s been standing there in order to make sure no one bothers her, as Dean had explained to him once. She's pointing at where Dean and Cassie are wrapped up close to each other. Dean's hand in his girlfriend's hair as they whisper together and kiss and swap back and forth while moving on the dance floor of the bar they’re in.
Just enough effort that Dean can finally, finally wrest control back.
"Okay," he manages, "story time's over."
**Jesse Owens is a famous track and field Olympic athlete from the 1930s. Usain Bolt was my first choice, but he didn't become a household name until the 2008 Olympics. I can't believe this is the second time I had to use an older Olympic athlete for Dean to make a fun quip to Cas.
for her? She messed with shit she shouldn’t have messed with.” Dean thought about laying them out more properly than how they died entwined and soaked in each other's blood, but it didn't really matter, in the end.
“There’s no guarantee every student here is studying,” Cas says. There’s a group of young men playing hacky sack a stone’s’ throw away. Dean laughs.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Right.”
His brother takes off, and the few boaters and people visiting the dockside bar filter away. The sun starts to dip low. "Have you looked at your wings lately?"
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Warnings for this chapter can be found in the end notes
” Dean says, grinning. Castiel's mouth does something, and he ducks his head. Dean thinks it might have been the grassroots attempt at a smile. He leans a little closer, and throws his arms over Cas’s shoulder. The angel tenses up, looks at Dean, frowning.
flesh. Will wonders ever cease?”
CDs, even if Dean would never even think about doing that to his Baby. “Driver’s choice.”
“Um,” he says.
“You need to head to Minneapolis. Old friend of mine contacted me about some missing children. He should call you with the address as you get closer.”
“Best laid plans,” she had said, her eyes unnaturally white and gleaming alongside her bared teeth, just before her blood hit Lucifer’s altar. After that. Well.
“What? I meant earth, obviously.” They both know he’s lying. “With me,” he adds, and they both know he’s telling the truth.
“I… suppose. It’s been a few weeks.”
“Just the shoulder,” he admits. Cas puts a hand on it, closes his eyes, breathes out through his mouth. The ache dissipates into nothing, but he circles it experimentally, just in case. “Thanks.” Cas’s hand trails up from the shoulder to his neck, his jaw. He kisses him and Dean’s heart squeezes for a second before he remembers it’s just them, in a locked room, with no one he knows around. He leans into it, eyes closed, runs a hand through Cas’s hair. It always ends just short of where Dean’s mind thinks it will, and he’s left touching along the bare nape of his neck instead.
“Ruby did everything she could to -”
“Why does that matter? You’re on a mission from god, yeah?”
“Trying to change me already?” Dean asks, “at least buy a guy dinner first.”
” he manages, “I did bring your brother back.” Sam’s mouth presses into a thin line.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean doesn't know who he means until he catches Cas's anxious, wide-eyed expression, and then he very much does. "Angels?"
“Well,” Dean says, clicking his handgun back into place. “Fuck.”
"That's what I've heard about hell, too."
"I woke up in a motel room in… April last year. I had clothes and fake IDs. I had weapons for hunting. I knew how to hunt monsters, but… that's it. I don't know who I am, how I got there." His mouth twists. "I don't even know if my name is Cas."
“A land fought over, divided up, and fought over again ad nauseum,” Castiel says, “it is a place stained with blood.”
The weather gets nice enough that Dean decides to sit out on the quad. He doesn’t have any research to do, but it’s Sunday and the shop is closed and Cassie said she wanted to finish up a paper before going out, so he decides it’s as good a place to wait as any.
In hell, Castiel had said he would save him. It was a notion not spoken in words, but it hummed through the blood-soaked plane of existence, a truth forced to be acknowledged as they dragged themselves out of the muck. Castiel still says it, speaks with the unfailing faith he has in the once-Righteous, once-man.
"I'm checking out," he tells the man behind the desk. He hands the motel key over. "Do you have any atlases or maps?" The man nods and heads to the back, coming out with a thick book and charging Cas six fifty for it. He pays with the cash. "Thanks. By the way. Where are we?"
He’s a good looking guy, and he’s had his fair share of comments by people who were just complimenting him and other people trying to make him uncomfortable. It stopped bothering him by the time he was sixteen - you couldn't have a freak out every time some random asshole tried to
about hunting is in there. He left it for us to pick up where he left off." He can feel his brother's incredulous stare burning into the side of his face and he finally turns to look. "You know. Saving people, hunting things. The family business?"
“Alright. Thanks for your time, Denise.”
"I'm a demon, Sam." His brother scoffs, and steals some fries from the half empty basket. "Hey!"
*Dean's quip about vampires being in San Francisco is a reference to the 1994 movie 'Interview with a Vampire'
"You really lowered your standards in the 'being a creep' department."
She raises an eyebrow. “You go here?”
"Yeah, not a fun surprise for me either. But the real kicker?" He can feel himself grinning, the type of smile that can only be read as a threat. "I'm the one meant to 'finish it'. But the angels were all
The new body is much the same as the old one.
"Nothing."
“Really absorbing the culture, huh, college boy?” Cas shrugs. “So, what about you and Beth?”
“So you didn’t have sex? I thought you were into her.”
Getting closer, Cas can see something round under the clover. Dean ducks down and starts tearing up the dirt. After a minute they see the top half of a skull, picked clean and dust-stained.
I may not be able to post again until next Thursday due to being away, but we'll see. Hopefully this is enough to tide you over till then ;)
Cas has his doubts, but there really isn’t anyone else on the road. They get in the car and go back to the motel in the next town over. Dean goes to the bathroom to answer the phone, and when he emerges he says they can go to Nevada next.
“Kick boxing, actually,” Cas says. “She said she can give me a tour of the place tomorrow.”
I won’t do it.”
Cas doesn't think it's hard to watch them. He thinks he and Cassie spend about the same amount of time with Dean. They both get his attention. Cas doesn't get…
He ends up driving into the northeast. It's as good a guess as any, he supposes. He's at a gas station in Pennsylvania somewhere when his phone buzzes.
Sam's by the edge of camp, gaze cutting between the low fire burning and the darkening sky beyond the trees. He sits down next to him. "What's eating you?"
stupidest hunts he has ever been on, but even with the glowing red eyes and love of blood, they’re not exactly challenging. The worst part was trudging around in the northern part of Arkansas, trying not to get a sunburn. After that there’s a few routine salt and burns, and he and dad meet up in Arizona for a case of possessed objects that had gotten scattered far and wide from an estate sale, and that burns through most of the month. Despite having the plates Emmanuel doesn’t turn back up again, or at least John doesn’t mention it, and Dean’s not going to ask.
(See the end of the chapter for
Is having Dean hop back and forth calling his dad 'dad' or 'John' a narrative inconsistency or is it actually a subtle nod to the difficult relationship Dean has with his father as a caregiver and authority figure? In this essay I will -
The sun’s going to set in another hour or so. He sees a sign for Government Center and gets into the exit lane. “You ever get around to trying that Irish car bomb thing I told you about?”
**OKAY I remembered so a lot of you enjoyed Dean and Cas's phone calls (of course) and it was just like, a fun call back to them chatting and becoming friends way way back in chapter 6. Originally this chapter was going to be only phone calls like that chapter, but I guess I ended up not having enough s1 eps I didn't want to write out so! We got this instead <3
I was going to make Pastor Jim Ellen before I realized Dean doesn't even know about Ellen until season 2 because John literally never told Sam and Dean about other hunters like, ever? Even he and Bobby stopped talking at some point... like, support system who? Friends what?? @ John the bar for raising kids while fighting monsters is on the *floor* and yet - whatever. Enjoy the chapter and please comment with your hot takes on Winchester parental care.
"Do you know if anyone's looking for you?"
He had seen what other demons did to his fellow soldiers. How they would rend their Grace apart, shred it into ribbons, mangle and crush it even as it burned the demonic souls to even touch it. Dean doesn’t have quite that reaction. Instead he holds the weak, blue light, passes it back and forth like he’s examining, playing with it.
“Hello?” he answers, gruff. His expression goes a bit nauseous, and slowly, he holds the phone out. “It’s for you,” he tells Castiel.
This is one of the first chapters I'm kind of 'eh' about - it was originally going to be a lot shorter, but since a lot of this is set up for future s1-s2 shenanigans, I wanted to add a bit more in terms of character growth and stuff. As for what Jo and Jess talked about while Cas went off to chat with Ash - Jess POV fic coming soonish, I imagine.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fine. They’re taken care of. Still in Toledo?”
“Gonna fold my underwear, too?” Cas shrugs.
Dean swallows, steps up to the foot of the bed, angles Cas’s head up into a kiss. Cas makes a noise against his mouth, hand dropping his book to thread up into Dean’s hair, tugging at the wet strands, urging him down until Cas is on his back and Dean’s on top of him and it’s good, really good, something he’s done with Cas a dozen times in a dozen different motel rooms. Something about the noises he makes, like he’s surprised how good it feels every time, gets Dean stupidly hard in no time flat. He pulls back, Cas’s eyes distracted, a lazy, pleased smile curling his now-red lips.
“Because you don’t know what I’m talking about!”
Also - as you can see this fic is now part of a series! For the most part this story is going to be self contained and I just plan on putting up some extra oneshots to either showcase characters that aren't POV characters, orrrr some destiel bits that don't fit into the main story (which is what the one other oneshot I have up is about, so feel free to read it as well!)
Cas kisses him and heals him in one fell swoop. They stay like that until the metal at Dean’s back grows warm.
Anyway, he calls Pastor Jim because maybe he’s bored, and he hears about what might be a kappa or a water spirit or something in Oregon and decides sure, why not.
“Thanks for the save,” he manages.
Whatever his brother may have said next is cut short. The room they're in is warded to hell (hah) and back, but his brother didn’t quite make it in terms of heaven-proofing. Dean sees a few Enochian sigils around, but nothing concrete or complete enough to stop Castiel from bursting into his holding area.
Dean thinks.
“Fourteen-ten,” she says, putting it all in a bag. “Want a receipt?”
Cas comes out a few minutes later, nestled in a crowd. Dean spots the same woman pressed up next to him at the same time Cas notices him and starts to pull away. “Hey,” the woman says, “call me, okay?” Her friends laugh in response and drag her away.
and thus this story was born. I have quite a bit more written so if you're interested leave a comment! I'd love to see if others would like to read this, I honestly haven't been in the spn fandom since season eight so apologies to things such as: canon? continuity? getting information from sources besides the spn wiki?
“No. No they’re not. Did they believe you?”
Cas just takes one of his hands and turns it, kisses the dry skin along the back of his palm, and Dean dares to admit in some secret part of himself that the thing he maybe dreams of, above AC and good beer and the creature comforts he can wrangle out from this life, is this, this, this.
anything of course, but when they were in their seats poring over the menu he’d point at the specialty list and smile and it made Cas feel seen like nothing else.
"Me? Have you met me? I can't say nice shit if you point a gun to my head."
He packs up what he can and goes back to Cassie’s apartment that night. He says the thing he says to every woman he’s been with until he suddenly has to get out of town: it’s not working out and it’s not her, it’s him. He doesn’t know why he expects someone like Cassie to believe it.
“Hm.”
“It wouldn’t serve our purpose,” he says. Dean moves over to the window, checking the runes they carved into the wooden sill, more out of habit than anything else. “It’s to save everything,” Castiel persists, “this form works well enough for now, but eventually you’ll hit a wall.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He drives, goes on hunts, meets a couple while trying to clean out a werewolf pack. They make him grilled chicken and mashed potatoes and green beans and salad. The woman serves him tea and the man passes him a beer. He washes their dishes and leaves and kills the werewolves by means he doesn’t understand. He leaves town.
Hookman is such a whatever episode in the grand scheme of season one. All I remember thinking when I was rewatching it while writing the season 0 stuff was 'Taylor didn't deserve that' and, well. Especially as one of the few POC we see in the early seasons um. Yikes. Anyway yeah so in my mind this chapter became a very important emotional linchpin for the s1 rewrite (next to Scarecrow and Hell House) which I just think is very funny. Enjoy!
"You think she'd be safer in a kitsch little apartment by the bay? We'll finish this and keep looking for dad in the meantime. Maybe he points us to some other hunts, maybe he doesn't. But you can't just stew in it and hope this blows over in two weeks, okay? This is big. I know it." His brother's jaw works, eyes back on the treeline.
me: *writes little bitch fights that are funny instead*
In his hand there’s a wisp of Grace, and on the floor, with the wreckage of the motel around him, is Cas.
Second of all - yes, this fic is getting a sequel! I'm making a new fic bc if this story grew to like 400k I'd lose my mind. So subscribe to this series and keep an eye out! I will be taking a longer hiatus this time. I have to focus on some real life stuff that got put on the wayside (writing almost 250k in like 7 months is a lot of work, who would have thought?) so while I'll be posting some smaller stories for this au over the summer, the actual sequel (and definitive end of the series rewrite) will be coming some time in autumn.
"I'm serious."
(See the end of the chapter for
what’s happening behind closed doors.
he tells him, before pushing him down, insistent enough that his brother reluctantly follows, and Dean gasps at the surface of this new body.
Castiel frowns. “I’m s-”
“It attaches you to your body,” Castiel had told him, when there was still grave dirt under his fingernails, embedded in his hair.
Which is when Dean takes him to a bar.
Cas gets an iced mocha this time around and a breakfast sandwich. Dean gets a large hot coffee and a sandwich and two chocolate glazed. They eat on the drive to wherever Cas parked. Dean gives him the second doughnut.
She chuckles, giddy at whatever she sees in him. “Oh no, all that in there?” She waves her hand. “That’s more than just a little flash of interest. You’re obsessed, aren’t you?”
He cocks his head to the side, examining Cas. “I like you down here,” he teases.
” He twists his mouth, looks at the thing sharing the motel room. “I’m still more of a man than you.”
“Yeah,” Dean confesses, “me too. Sometimes.”
"I'll keep that in mind."
“Who is left?” Castiel asks, “to order you now?” Castiel knew Dean had his loyalties to his father, now dead, and to Sam Winchester, who was most likely a lost cause at this point.
like how it remembered.
He stops at a gas station, scrubs his hands in the bathroom before going inside. He buys beer, peanut M&Ms, waltzes up to the counter where a clerk is flipping through a magazine.
“Funny,” John says, humorlessly. “He finished everything up?”
Demons and angels, they were blasé at this point. He’s killed scores of him to save his skin, to get info, or just for fun. Most of them hardly register. Dean feels a throb in his skull now, a twisted feeling like his guts are about to be ripped out.
He looks at Dean for a long moment. They’re always long moments with Cas.
"Fuckin' nerd." He digs in his pockets again and finds his keys this time. He shakily unlocks the door. "I call backseat." He crawls in and shuts the door. Kicks off his boots. Stares at the roof of the car. Cas gets in the front and does the same thing.
"Yeah. I guess."
(See the end of the chapter for
“...Seriously?”
“Huh,” Dean says, glancing at him. His eyes are human, but there’s something building there that has Castiel readying himself. “Heaven operates like an Orwellian wet dream? Can’t say I’m surprised.”
You guys don't want to know how many times I'll just add a whole ass scene in the AO3 window right before posting lol - anyway! Up next is a Dean girl classic: Dead in the Water.
Castiel hesitates, for he does not know. Taking stock of his powers, he doesn’t have enough Grace to raise both himself and the thing that had once been the Righteous Man. He now thinks, looking at the corrupted form, that if his superiors laid their eyes upon this form of Dean Winchester, they would turn back and announce their failure.
They keep their heads down, searching for anything strange. The wide open space of the plains makes the world shrink down to just the two of them. When Cas looks up to stretch his neck it feels like he can look out all the way to the west coast, the air shimmering from the heat the road gives off until Cas swears he sees the Pacific off in the distance.
"Whatever that means. So does reaching beyond our current understanding mean you can tell me why we stopped?"
Dean, deep, deep inside, Dean watches Cas gasp and claw at his skin in vain. It's a slow death, a painful, bloody one as Cas's stolen Grace ekes out of him, then his soon-to-be human blood.
They kick off Cas’s book, the snacks, the clothes Cas still has on. Let them fall to the ground while that little cardboard box gets prime real estate up by the nightstand. Dean kisses down Cas’s neck, all pale, smooth skin, scar-free. He undoes his jeans and sees that tattoo emerging, low on his hip, fingers dancing across it as he slips his hand under Cas’s boxers and stays there, holding his bare hip, half cupping his ass while they kiss and grind against each other and all of that is - it’s good, it’s fun. Dean never really second guesses it. But then Cas rolls them over and asks how they want to do this and Dean stops. Stares up at Cas, hands in his underwear, all the organs in his chest seizing up like he’s run a marathon.
“And yet you still accompany him.”
“Look, he was already on the site when I got there, what else was I supposed to do?”
He groans, curling up into himself. He has an idea, likes it only slightly more than talking to his dad.
“And where did Cas learn about that?”
It’s a few weeks later. Dean’s stripping his guns, facing the window. Cas is flipping through a book.
The sun is almost down, but the late autumn heat sticks stubbornly in the air around them. Dean doesn’t sweat anymore. He wipes his forehead with the back of his hand anyway. “S’from the Bible, yeah?” The word sits heavy in his mouth, like it might burn him if he pulls the consonants and vowels apart just right. Who knows, it very well might.
“Where’s the book?”
"Oh shut up and listen," he presses on, "knowing what we know now? Enough people have been fiddling with you, me, and our entire family, just for some stupid brother bitch fight that got started before humans were even a thing. We're about as free as we can be, now. We can do whatever we want." He grins. "You could even go back to school."
Dean’s fingers twist along yet another wire, trailing along its length. His head is tilted towards Cas from where they’re both pressed in the front seat, and Cas can hear the rise and fall of Dean’s voice as he talks, explains what he’s doing. Cas glances at him from the corner of his eye, catches that easy smile on his face Dean gets whenever he’s absorbed in something he enjoys.
They leave her at the motel room and get going. Dean sticks Anna’s Grace in the warded glovebox, then looks over at Cas. “What did you two talk about?” Castiel tells him. Dean snorts, starts the engine of the Impala. “No sex? Really?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, but I can trust you?”
“At a crossroads. Heather said she walked home after she reappeared, so we took a drive around and found this buried.”
Castiel rolls his shoulders. “Somehow, I doubt that.” Dean thinks that’s going to be the end of it. Castiel is touchy about the Grace-impotence thing. But he draws the curtains, and flexes himself just so, and in the moment between one lightning flash and the resuming darkness Dean can see the shadows of them unfurling, spreading throughout the room.
“He said go, Cas. Leave.”
Dean went into this with low expectations, kind of have to, when the world is ending. Things had still devolved faster than he could have imagined.
Things had been going well. Too well. Honestly it was Dean’s fault for being an optimist.
“Dad, I’m sorry about -”
"They're saying..." Cas blinks, once, twice. He doesn't usually do that. "They're going to destroy the town."
Dean’s throat tightens up watching her cradle her dead sister’s body. She lets out a sob and his insides twist.
Lastly most of the references in this chapter seemed to be for my friend Laura, who I met through a forever unfinished destiel fic I put out when we were both in high school and since then we've remained in contact and she gets to hear me rant about this fic over the phone approximately bi-weekly. :)
“Stay here,” he orders him. Dean feels the air deflate out of him. “I’m going to finish this.” He stares at Cas. “And you should get going. Make yourself useful somewhere else.” He takes a duffel bag and walks out of the room. Dean watches him go, listens for the car to start up and drive off. He grinds his teeth, whirling around just to see Cas looking over the notes John had left behind - the things his dad was going to tell him so they could finish the case together.
“Would’ve gone for four if you hadn’t decided to kidnap me.”
Someone who commented at the end of s0 that Dean should go through the realization that bottoming is something he could do and enjoy, you know who you are. There's also some slight reference to Dean having bad past experiences with men in the sex scene this chapter - I go into more detail in the other fic in this series, 'like a web that is my own, i begin again' if you want to check that out.
right. Dean trusts his dad’s judgement about 90 percent of the time. When he doesn’t, he’s smart enough to not say anything. But instead of hanging up, he rolls his eyes. “Man, shut up. Where are you?”
“Who taught me how baseball works? And hockey, football, soccer, cricket,” Cas counts on his fingers.
(See the end of the chapter for
He and Cas didn’t, haven’t. Not yet. Some fear mongering part of his brain even thinks not ever.
Dean feels a well of disappointment rise in him; pushes it down viciously like he always does. He knows better than to argue. It never got him and Sam anywhere, but he dreads the thought of having to tell Cassie. She had asked him, a few times, about why he moved so often, and some of the very-obviously-not-normal childhood stories he had. He had always dodged them, but. Well. He knows how he feels about Cassie is more than how he’s felt about any other girl he’s ever dated. She’s smart, and funny, and doesn’t take any of his shit. Sometimes he thinks about if this was his life. If he just worked at a garage and after graduating he and Cassie would move in together. And maybe Cas would shack up somewhere and they could go out on hunts like it was a weekend fishing trip, and he’d come home and have something normal, something
Dean says a lot of things to him, but he doesn’t mention this until later. Until the vampires.
She is a witch, after all, that much was obvious. One that murdered and stole to try and get her sister back in her life. She's an unhinged monster, same as all the rest.
Dean trips over air and lands on top of the skeleton in the field. The creature descends and sinks beneath him. He feels icy tendrils grabbing at him - wrapping around his leg, his wrists, his neck, trying to pull him under.
“Someone else?” John asks. He’s leaning up against the counter in a way that seems casual if you didn’t know him.
“She had her first album, I didn’t realize how much I was missing out on.” Cas nods to himself. “She really did deserve that award for Sleep to Dream.”
The Empty is a fathomless void. Castiel is here, and everywhere, and nowhere. But Dean Winchester, his charge for over a decade of the most tumultuous years in the history of the world, the universe, is safe. He did all he could. And now, he's done.
When I first started this story I had faint memories of this episode. Mostly that Cassie was fun and cool. Actually watching this episode back (compounded with 15 years of spn canon not treating like, any of its characters from any minority group well?) Yeah. Like, I tried you guys, I went to the drawing board with this one quite a bit, but in the end it's a bit like 'put lipstick on a pig it's still a pig', you know? I know I've mentioned before trying to take the characters we've already seen in spn and giving them a better handling (hopefully) than they got in canon. For this rewrite I felt one of the more important aspects was giving Cassie more agency in terms of handling the case. It fleshes her out as a more three-dimensional character beyond Dean's old girlfriend, and I think having a diverse cast that is full of well thought out characterization is more important than diversity for the sake of diversity that doesn't, you know, say or do anything with it? Anyway if you do see something in here that is pretty egregious let me know and I'll see what changes I can make! Fandom should be a space for everyone, not something that runs on contingencies. Stay safe out there! :)
Pastor Jim makes a noise.
“Of course I was - she was being squirrely and talking over Heather. Their friend Denise even admitted that she and Heather dated in high school before breaking up, and Heather was all cut up about it. Cas said crossroads are places of power - maybe this is part of a ritual she used to find her and keep their little family together?” He glances at Cas for some back up, but John moves and Dean’s eyes flick back to his dad.
“No,” John says, taking the box and his journal and walking across the room. “You’re not taking this seriously, Dean. This is stuff you’re not equipped to mess with.”
While Lore Podcast is my favorite spn podcast bc it makes me laugh, Carrying Wayward is like. A podcast about spn for people who like spn on a more genuine level. Anyway the hosts had a moment in covering the Salvation ep where  they were like 'Dean tries to tell Sam it's not his fault [that the demon killing people] and John is *there in the room* and he doesn't say *anything* to try and parent him'. And I had to  go lie down. So the real reason this chapter was late was bc writing John is taking years off my life. Rowena torturing Cas is just like. 9.09 Holy Terror inspired Hot Girl Summer.
Dean huffs. “Timeline’s not consistent, either, smartass.”
“If you really wanted me to,” Dean scoffs and sits down next to Cas, watching the dark clothes go ‘round and ‘round, the rhythmic pounding of the washers soothing him enough to close his eyes.
Somehow she takes he and Cas being secret lovers worlds better than him hunting supernatural creatures. She kicks him out for ‘making fun of her’ and tells him to delete her number.
Dean almost nods off a few more times, but there’s that
Dean hums, hesitant.
*Dean's quip about tuning in on NBC refers to Dateline NBC, which showcases a lot of grisly true crime cases.
“Uh. Yeah. His name’s Sam. He’s younger than me. Pain in the ass.” Dean chews on his lip. “He uh, the hunting life didn’t really agree with him. He got a full ride and decided to strike it out on his own.”
Cas just rolls his eyes, stupidly fond. "Thank you, Dean," he says. Dean thinks its unfair someone can just cut through him like that, see to the heart of him with just a side-eye glance.
I also made a visual spread of the cards on my tumblr. You can check that out
“I like her.” Cas takes another bite of his bagel. “But not like that, I guess.” He figured out eventually that Cassie brought her single friends along, and some of them were disappointed that their interactions with Cas stayed platonic, but he never felt anything more towards any of them. Maybe if he knew them for longer stretches of time, if they had the long term sort of relationship he had with Dean… he could only speculate. “Why? Is that a problem?”
“It’s true! You’re just jealous! You’re so fucking obsessed that you brought me back to life just to control me! Just - just let me go before I do it for you.”
“You know, it could just be a coincidence,” Dean offers. “If the guy’s new to hunting, he probably went through some shit he doesn’t wanna talk about.”
Lucifer is distrustful, but the vessel he’s commandeered is crumbling in on him already. He stalks around Dean, wounded face concentrated as he weighs his options. Rock and a hard place. “You must want something for this. I can tell - you’re brimming with it.”
“They’re coming,” Cas says.
He and Dean eat at a café for breakfast, and they stop at a grocery store before heading into the forest. “What do you want, turkey, ham?” Dean is looking at more cellophane wrapped sandwiches.
“Neither do you.”
He did think, however, that they had been down here for far longer than anyone had expected.
but Dean was teaching him.
Anyway, I wasn't going to write out an entire flashback so instead we get this :) I hope you enjoy :) also RIP but shtriga is THE hardest name I don't know why my brain would NOT remember how to spell it, and I have to run off so if there are any glaring typos I apologize. I'll also be away this coming weekend so if the updates are a tad late, that is why!
“Power flows, back and forth. You can’t get something for nothing.” Their eyes meet. “Doing it in such an intimate manner can cause… problems.” Despite the fire burning between them, the room seems to suffer a drop in temperature until there's an icy chill threading through the air. Castiel sighs; apparently Dean’s rescue will not be as immediate as he had hoped. “Well then. Show me the angel.”
“I’ve looked up some stuff,” Cas admits, “but I guess neither of us have actually…”
me: ...however...
“A loyal member under Michael’s garrison.” Dean raises an eyebrow. “I fear this will get back to him.”
“It’ll look like a stick from the road. ‘Sides, figured it’d blend in better than the bright red gas tank.”
Prompt: that's not what the instructions say / you're adorable when you're rambling
“How you feeling?” he asks Castiel. The wings are burned on the bedspread, the carpet. Dean takes Uriel’s bloodied angel blade, examines it.
"- Your stupid instructions will be useless.” He yanks out another wire that has Cas glancing towards the wheel, just to triple check the keys aren’t in the ignition.
She drags Cas over to the bar for some drinks and he goes right along. They talk about her classes, and the books she’s been reading. Cas recently found out that you could buy books on cassette tape and listen to them while driving. He tells Beth about this exciting revelation, but she apparently already knew that.
"Are we friends?" he asks abruptly. Cas couldn't get into the gin and tonics but they're both lukewarm on Ketel One. Dean's been hitting it hard enough that he bums a cigarette off a girl passing by and starts smoking at the tiny outdoor table they commandeered.
If Dean could see it, he would probably call Sam a ‘mess’.
“So, what, you wanted to test your pet theory?” Sam stares at him, impassive. “It’s me, Sam.”
"If they are, they haven't found me yet." Cas worries his lip for a moment. "The city I woke up in… there's a man there who looks like me. I ran across him on accident."
"Dean?"
“Not too sure,” Dean admits, “but there’s plenty of angels on earth. We can find one and see what it knows. We’ll figure it out.” Cas doesn’t move. “Right, Cas?” Cas stares up at Dean, lips parted, no words coming. Dean rolls his eyes and moves forward. “Got you a souvenir,” he says.
“And Cas is just letting you -”
"Yeah, really. I mean some people are gonna be assholes about it, and I’m not exactly thrilled that’s how we’re ending things, but if you like him, and he likes you…" She shrugs.
“Is it? So different?” Castiel asks, glancing back at Dean. The look is loaded enough that it makes Sam's eyes widen, his frown deepening into a scowl. They both watch each other, proverbial hackles rising. The part of Dean that itches for a fight, for blood, for the sweat-soaked rush on endorphins that comes from tearing into something visceral, is tempted to watch Sam and Castiel duke it out.
"I thought I was supposed to be the belligerent one, remember?" Dean drawls, wiping his hands together, feeling the soil and grit under his fingernails.
He gets the computer after she leaves, and her number, too. He texts Cas they have to get lunch on a different day.
He undresses right there in the bedroom with Castiel watching him, always watching him, like he can’t bear to look away.
Dean sighs like Cas lined a protective barrier with sugar instead of salt. “I know you like them, Cas, but it’s just - they’re not.” He huffs. “Dudes aren’t supposed to be into those sorta things, you get me?” Cas just frowns at him. “It’s just, you know. Kinda gay.”
Dean shows Cas the bad cut he got on his last hunt, the skin pink and puckered along the jagged red slice in his palm, perpendicular to his love line.
“Believe me, you do,” Dean says, pointedly thumbing the bloodstain at Cas’s white shirt collar. He doubts it’ll come out, but he throws it in, anyhow. They sit, half-naked, side by side, watching the clothes spin. Twenty minutes in Dean goes to the vending machine. There's no one inside but them, so he thinks about punching out the glass. When his hand closes into a fist, there’s a handful of quarters in the space between his fingers and palm. He turns and glares at Cas, who just tips his head.
He swears he can hear a buzzing of lights anyway, and his shoulders hitch up, he doesn't realize they are until Cas has to lean up on his elbow.
Cas digs out a best of Queen tape, and Dean’s eyes go soft around the corners. “Like you read my mind,” he says, feeding it into the slot.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And he survived?”
Dean complains nonstop, shirts clinging to him, the ice cream he perpetually shovels into his mouth between interviews melting in sticky rivers of chocolate vanilla swirl down his wrist. By the time they’re done with an alleged chupacabra that was actually a hoax by some college kids home for summer break, he has a new sunburst of freckles across his left cheek from days of driving with the driver side window down. Their motel has a pool, so they end up kicking around for an extra day.
Dean’s train of thought sputters and cuts out, the anger at his dad’s reaction throwing him. “I, uh, didn’t think of it at the time. When I spoke to their friend they talked about a store they would hang out at. It just jogged my memory.”
anyway enjoy the longer chapter! Comment with any fun 2003 or earlier cultural references I could put in this fic because I guess I was only alive in 2003 on a technicality and can't remember anything from back then to act as a cultural touchstone :)
(See the end of the chapter for
, but Cas told me upstairs is a complete shit show."
“Listen. I get it - it sounds horrible. No idea who you are or where you came from. If you have a family or not. But uh,” he swallows, “you’re doing good out there, Cas, alright? I mean, I know we make a good team when we’re together. So uh. If what happened to you before - if you feel that way again. Just call me, okay? Promise you call instead of doing that.” He flicks his gaze over to Cas, who’s watching him with an unreadable expression. “Promise me.”
"You're nice to me too, you know," Cas says.
“- We’re getting you a phone, got it?” The Impala rolls to a stop at a red light. “And if anything happens, you’re gonna call me.” He raises an eyebrow. “Right?”
“He said he got a text.”
when he says it. It feels both correct and misplaced, a perfect fit and badly sized. He frowns at the bag, then glances around.
Cas frowns.
It’s the amulet. Sam kept it all this time. Dean watches as he puts it around his own neck, tucks it under his clothes.
The clerk frowns at him. "Pontiac." That also strikes Cas, but he’s not sure why.
It’s bad, he knows it is. Dean usually does a good job listening to him. He’ll drag his feet and groan and complain, depending on the topic, but he
She’s still using some blonde chick, bouncy and blue-eyed. Her smile looks like it could cut. “Thought those hellhounds dragged your soul downstairs last year, too.” She waltzes around him. The knife he has won’t do anything, and Castiel is fighting on the other side of the street.
“I guess.” Dean thinks about their phone call that started this whole mess, and he turns the bend sharper then he means to.
“I only asked ‘cause I had a feeling.” Dean defends.
* The first Twilight novel came out in 2005 so it would have gone into the cultural lexicon by now!
“This wasn’t meant to happen,” Castiel tells him, is always telling him. “You were supposed to -”
“Well, well, well. Dean Winchester,” the demon looks him up and down. “In the
She stares at him. “You know he cannot love you. He doesn’t have the ability. And even if he did -”
Cas knows Dean, which means he knows better than to try.
“Like I said,” Cas returns, “I have faith that he can make it right, as our Father said so long ago.”
“Hmm. Alright.” She hits the ‘print’ option on the paper that's displayed and stands up. “Watch my spot,” she says, brushing against him as she moves past, “don’t want anyone taking it.” Dean tries not to react, but it's a losing battle.
have work,” Dean says. “Work for
“Hm. Ham it is. The other white meat.” He gives Cas the sandwich. He looks.
The first thing Cas eats - can remember eating - is a smashed up cellophane wrapped turkey club he gets in a nothing little convenience store on his way back from Connecticut to wherever he wants to go next. He had put salt containers and lighter fluid on the conveyor belt and he had the niggling suspicion that he ought to purchase something, anything else. So. The sandwich. He eats it, wilted lettuce and watery tomato and thin bread and all, in the car. Not because he’s hungry, but because the idea of jamming it into a trash can on his way out makes him feel like he’s wasting something important.
“…I don’t ramble,” Dean says.
She scoffs. “
The big collection of junk is a real art sculpture in Austin, TX!
“Hmm.” Castiel thinks of what he and Dean have done, the rough physicality of it, the way that it's both so human and not at all, really, and is rather grateful that as an angel without her Grace, Anna cannot read minds.
can tell, but he doesn't.
Dean blinks. “Okay, are you coming too?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas had been right, to be worried. A week later, Dean perks up from the couch he’s lounging on, reaches for the remote, mutes the TV. “You hear that?” No answer. “Cas?” He turns and looks.
"It's just," he starts, faltering. "With women it's different than… guys. You know?"
manage to cook up is not going to be nearly as poetic as the 'two brothers killing each other' motif they were going for." Sam scoffs.
Also this fic has gotten to the point where sometimes I can't reply to each individual comment - wow! Just know that I do read every comment that I get as an email alert and I really love and appreciate all of them. They make my day! :)
They’re another five minutes away when Cas says, out of nowhere, “they’re not you.” Dean’s steps falter, but he doesn’t dare ask Cas to repeat himself. A moment later he adds, “none of them are.” It’s too dark, but Dean is sure Cas is looking at him, head turned back to meet his gaze.
“You ramble and its adorable,” Cas strangles out.
Cas hums, and they drive back to that stretch of road and field. Dean calls it ground zero.
*Veronica Mars started in 2004 and is about a teenage girl in California who uses her plucky personality and fast thinking to solve various mysteries, is PEAK 2000s culture and you know what? Early season Dean and Veronica are like. Not the same? But also the same.
Grace flows inside him and Cas coughs, sputters, eyes flaring blue as the new power seeps into him. Dean waits, paranoid, but then Cas calms down, looking at Dean with tired eyes.
Dean forces a smile. "Yeah. Yeah. Just gotta - get over it, right?" Cas frowns.
"I mean, how long can political unrest last for some immortals? Century or two? Five?" he asks, trying to sound hopeful. "And," he adds, putting his hand on the worn wood of the picnic table, "any apocalypse they
(See the end of the chapter for
Cassie squints, doubtful. "You sure? It seems pretty obvious to me. You two are together as often as you and I are."
Bobby tosses Sam the rings, and Lucifer stalks over to him, the intent to kill, to crush, or worse. His brother is pressed against the side of the Impala, one fist holding the rings and one trying to hold Lucifer back. The psychic shield is powerful, but Lucifer can break through it with just a bit of effort.
The wind speeds up, and it’s like the air is sucked out of the room.
is what Dean thinks to himself, once John fires the last silver bullet into the last of the hulking beasts. It was something John told him when he was a kid, something he himself told Sammy before going off to help dad when he was fourteen. The alliteration makes it catchy, reminds him of those rubber bracelets with phrases stamped into them that stack up on people’s wrists. He can see it in his head -
Dean snorts at the phrasing. "Um. No. Not for me. It's like." He bites his lip. Doesn't say anything for a minute. Two. Cas's thumb is stroking along his floating ribs, back and forth. "I did stuff. When I was younger. With dudes. Cause I had to." Cas's thumb keeps moving. His only acknowledgment he hears Dean at all is a hum. "Had to… I mean, there were other ways, I guess. But sometimes, for rent or food or - um." He bites his lip again. He thought he could say more. It's been nearly a decade since he last had to do that. Once he hit eighteen John gave him the car, so if he and Sammy landed in dire straits they could sleep in the Impala to make the cash stretch longer. He could blend into crowds better, too, when he was at bars. Wait for last call to find the drunkest guys and lift some cash.
the point of this conversation."
He doesn’t bring Cas into the room, doesn’t want him dealing with John. Instead he says goodbye and hints that maybe he should make himself scarce as soon as possible, just in case his dad wants to scare him away or something.
His weapons won’t work. He tests the grip on his knife anyway.
“It’s okay,” Cas says. Dean shuts up. Fingers come up, thread through his hair.
He puts everything back in a rush and goes hunting for his wallet. It's in a pair of jeans discarded on the cigarette burned carpet, but the license there says Emmanuel Allen and somehow, that doesn't feel right, either. He also finds more credit cards with names that aren't his, and a suspicious wad of cash.
The rain, wind, and thunder sticks around for the rest of the evening, but it’s faded into the natural frenzy comparable to a summer storm, the kind that strikes after it’s been ninety degrees and supersaturated for days, when nothing short of the sky opening up can get rid of the persistent heat. Dean showers off the blood and rainwater and dark magic. The water in the shower never gets quite hot enough for him, these days. He leaves the bathroom door open.
“Old teacher, more like. And he was far from an easy A.”
There’s another seal in Cairo. Dean thought that meant Egypt, but it’s actually an abandoned town in Illinois. Dean’s used to fighting demons, but this time around, they see an angel. Dean thinks he can kill it, it doesn’t seem as self-assured as Cas, but when it spots him, it lowers its blade. “Castiel?” it asks.
Also: Ship of Theseus?? You mean my favorite ancient philosophical dilemma???
“Fair point.”
“Eh, that’s never stopped ‘em before. Were
There isn’t a motel in Mount Gilead, so they keep driving.
He wakes up because Cas is shaking him. “Dean, Dean.” He sits up, rubs a hand over his face. Cas puts a hand on his jaw to make him look his way. “You have a bruise,” he tells him, fingers trailing down to touch his neck.
“Yeah. Because watching you trying to do a B-n'-E was frankly depressing.”
There are some bags at the small table across from the bed, so he looks through them first. He finds clothes - all that seem to be for him, or someone else his size - toothbrush, toothpaste, a few other toiletries. Deeper down, in a false bottom of the bag there's a gun. It feels… not completely foreign in his hands. There's other strange things, too: licenses and credit cards and other documents, featuring his face - he checks in the tiny bathroom mirror to make sure - but different names and too many titles for one man to have. There's rock salt and charms and some old looking tomes depicting the occult, magic, and other things that he knows the identity of, but without any specific memory attached to them.
Dean had thought friends were things he doesn't get to have anymore. Hunters have sources and allies, but not friends.
Cas has no clue. “No,” he says. Dean snorts.
Bobby eyes Dean. “More or less in one piece.”
"Trying to cure your hangover." Dean blinks slowly.
They get a flat tire a mile outside of Mount Gilead. Dean’s too busy getting the crank out and jacking up the car to pay attention to how or why that name rings a bell, but Castiel doesn’t know the first thing about cars, probably hasn’t been on Earth since chariots were the hot new thing, so he stands next to Dean and looks at the trees and says, "this isn’t a very mountainous region."
“You too,” says the clerk, eyes drifting back to her magazine. Dean puts his stuff in the passenger seat, fuels up, and gets going. He makes it twenty minutes before he cracks the window and breaks open the Marlboro pack.
“Does Cas know?”
of victim that a monster goes for, or some type of pattern. This is just people dying over and over again.” It looks like the deaths started back during the Dust Bowl, or maybe even earlier, but that’s all the library documented.
When he emerges, skin pink and pruned at the fingertips, Castiel twitches, this way and that, and Dean smiles at him, at the beige coat that’s been thrown over the nearby chair, the suit jacket and tie that joined it. But then he catches a glance at the angel’s face, and he frowns.
“Not immune to needing SPF like the rest of us, huh?” Dean says. They recognize a street and keep walking, past the luxury spots and towards their lackluster rooms. The asphalt holds the heat of the day and Dean can feel himself sweating again, thinks about the AC, a cool shower, sliding into bed with just a sheet over him and Cas on the other side.
Lucifer inside a demonic body isn’t perfect, but he’s better off than Michael is in Adam’s. The oldest archangel is incapacitated, not quite dead, and maybe, if their luck can hold out, they have a shot.
“Brother,” Cas returns, stiff.
Maybe he
After that hunt, Dean leaves again. Cas eats, sometimes. Sandwiches, usually. If a case he’s working takes longer than a few days, he goes to the grocery store and grabs anything brightly colored. Carrots. Strawberries. Plastic wrapped Kit-Kats and yellow Lays chip bags and orange soda and beets and he goes back to the motel room and tries to figure out how to eat them and with what and if he would eat it again, given the choice.
pointedly ignoring the concerned, soulful gaze Cas keeps fixing him with.
I also had to do some serious Investigating about the popularity of iced coffee 17 years ago, but Starbucks has had frappes for ages so I was like 'give Cas the iced coffee' - also Pike Place wasn't actually its own roast coffee until like, 2009? So I guess Dean's just referencing the flagship coffee shop in Seattle. This was information Very Pertinent to the story, obviously.
“If you turn her in now, with me,” Uriel says, addressing Castiel once more, “then perhaps the rest of heaven will rethink your ultimate punishment.”
(See the end of the chapter for
win. What are the spoils?”
“Alright. Cassie. We’re both busy people, I just need to do some research before my next… class.”
“They’re gone,” Dean tells him.
I ended up flip-flopping between whether this fic was going to have sex scenes or just do a fade-to-black. I ended up putting one in that is pretty short and not overly indulgent just so it kind of fits with the relatively brief writing style. Also? Isn't it crazy that they just hooked up without discussing or resolving any of their issues? Yes. Is that also the more in-character option than having them hash things out like normal, healthy adults? Also yes. Enjoy!
Castiel does offer to give Anna some protective sigils she can use, the old car Bobby had lent them for the journey. She glances between him and Dean, then her Grace, still in Dean’s hand, and accepts.
If his last year on Earth is hard to remember, hell is just as splotchy - it all ran together like oil paints left in the heat; some parts melting, a few shining with unexpected clarity in the aftermath. Sometimes Dean thinks that if he were still a man, the memories of what he did would leave him catatonic, or worse. These days it fuels him, pushes him forward, and he thinks of the torture, the mind-numbing terror, as tools of the trade to getting what he wants.
“Stake outs are boring.” And the adrenaline rush of chasing down a pair of ghouls and almost getting his throat ripped out had long since faded. He’s been dragging his ass through this hunt a bit, and he knows it. Doesn’t mean he’s gonna admit to it, though.
“You didn’t hear a word I said, did you?” Dean says.
“That’s just about anywhere, Cas, a mountain doesn’t make it special.” There’s a lot of nasty stuff in the trunk, and Dean can’t touch all of it without getting hurt. His fault for taking it from Sam in a hurry. He makes Castiel hold some of the weapons and talismans while he grabs the spare.
“You don’t even know how a car works! How are you supposed to fix it?” Castiel furrows his eyebrows, squints a little. This new body of his likes to do that - Dean’s not sure how much of it is the angel and how much the vessel, which may or may not still be kicking around inside. “Magic on Baby? Not on your life,” he insists, dark. Castiel steps back and lets Dean finish getting the spare on.
After another moment of prolonged eye contact, Dean sighs in defeat. “Whatever. So what else did you do?”
she digs through what looks to be a sock and underwear drawer until she pulls out a little canvas bag. She unzips it and shows the contents to Cas. “Want some?”
“Oh. Yes. Your friends aren’t very friendly.”
fellas, is it gay to form a tentative friendship with another male hunter your age and even though there's no tangible reason to keep it a secret from your father, you don't mention him or allude to him and actively try to hide your association with him because deep down you're worried if your dad finds out he's going to explicitly bar you from meeting with this person again?
He refrains, for now. His not-gut instinct tells him Castiel isn’t ready yet. Instead he leans back against the tub, looks at the back of Castiel’s head, can’t help but wonder if there’s a new timer ticking down that he just doesn’t know about yet.
But Cas is very obviously not Sam.
“It’s pink.” Dean’s eyes go tight.
His observation can go to other people, too. He likes them. People. Preferably when they’re nice. They don’t elicit the same reaction that Dean does, but he enjoys it all the same. The librarian at the help desk who can process his obtuse requests, the people he saves, Cassie and the friends she brings along that try to talk to him.
he hasn’t made an angel blush yet, but he has a few ideas on how to make that happen.
The storm outside is a big one. Some of the locals are talking about Biblical proportions, but Dean knows it’s just magic. The lightning crackles ominously and the flash of electrostatic shooting through the air at 28,000 degrees Kelvin lights up the broken remains of Castiel’s wings like nothing else.
me: i just want a fun, messed up relationship between demon dean and cas -
“No,” he says, putting the blade back into the sleeve of his coat, somewhere hidden. The three witches responsible for the storm are dead at the altar, and Dean kicks the remains of the cauldron away with his boot.
true - he knows Cas tends to veer back whenever most people try to show him a good time, barring Dean. He’s sitting a polite distance away, but he’s smiling, is the thing. She’s fiddling with the strap of her dress like it just
"Obviously," Cas says. Cas is so rarely blasé and confident when it comes to his relationships with other people - Dean's seen him practically crawl up the walls to get away from girls that want his number, and none of Cassie's friends have scored either. "Aren't we?"
Alcohol is different. It’s bitter, it burns, more than the beer ever does. If he drinks enough of it it makes his senses just fuzzy enough to be annoying. He’s dug up bodies and set mysterious creatures on fire, stumbled across fresh scenes of macabre death by something supernatural, but Jack and Coke makes him gag like nothing else.
“I like her, we were talking about this book where -”
Cassie sits shotgun and puts her head on Dean's shoulder as he drives. The roads are dark and nearly abandoned so they cruise along the main drag, Dean's left hand is on the wheel, free hand dangling. Cassie reaches out and takes it, entwines their fingers together. He whispers something to her, she says something back. Dean laughs.
“I suppose it must be.”
“I guess I am,” Cas offers. When the bartender passes them each a green bottle, Dean holds his up. Cas mirrors the motion until Dean leans over and clinks it together. He takes a long pull, and Cas watches the line of his neck. There’s a swipe of grave dirt smudged low along his collarbone.
“Saved your ass,” Dean mutters, sliding Castiel’s blade out of the demon’s back. It lurches to the side, dead before it could end the angel’s existence. The blood on the blade is fresh. There’s probably a live human in there, or. Was. Castiel gets to his feet. “This is fun,” he tells him, tossing the blade back to the angel. “Do you have any more weapons that can make a demon light up like that?”
he snarls, turning around. He can tell from the way the angel looks at him, that his eyes have turned black. “In fact, I’d say having some extra tricks makes it
Cas licks his lips. “You shouldn’t say things like that,” he manages.
He bites his lip. Slowly sits down in the other chair at the table. Puts the papers on the cheap plastic top, spread out. “Okay,” he says, “what do you think happened?”
“Sure,” Cas says. Dean pulls into the motel parking lot and Cas gets out. “Thanks for the ride.”
"I don't know," Cas says. He stands up and passes the box to Dean. "Magic, I'm assuming. A dark kind."
“Sometimes,” Cas returns. Dean breathes out, once. Hits the gas and goes, Cas riding shotgun until he can’t anymore.
“Yeah?” Dean says, stretching his arms over his head, twisting this way and that, “want to take it for a test drive?”
“You and me,” Cas echoes, and Dean laughs, long and low, and tugs Cas to his feet. into Dean’s arms, the hand in his hair guiding him forward until they’re kissing because he can’t stop himself, can he?
“Cas, hey, Cas.” Dean slings an arm around his shoulder once Beth leaves to go to the bathroom. “Can’t believe you’re still standing, man, you really packed those shots away, huh?” Cas shrugs. “Cassie and I were gonna head back to her place. How are you and Beth doing?”
The only reason John doesn't threaten to shoot Cas, Dean thinks, is because they get to the Gillespie house just in time to save him.
Castiel did not waste precious time and energy thinking if he would survive, if he or any other in his army would succeed.
, he thinks.
Dean has to leave early to make his shift at the garage, so he gets Cas and piles them into the car. He gives him a bagel from a shop close to Cas’s motel. It’s warm from the toaster and slathered in cream cheese. Cas decides he likes bagels.
“Hey!” Bobby shouts, “your brother’s still in there!”
“Dad says it’s a poltergeist, but in a city this big I bet there’s plenty of nasties between us to share.” He wasn’t expecting to see Cas in person, and for some reason he has to put some conscious effort into tamping down his smile. “Did you get to spread word that Buffy’s not out of a job?”
“So there’s a spell stone floating around somewhere. Can it help us?”
Again - please comment if you'd like! Sometimes I can't respond to every comment but I do read all of them and I really appreciate any messages I get. You're all amazing and are way better at reading long fics than I am :)
His perception stretches farther like this, and he can sense the angels in far flung battlefields, the demons that swarm them, the power running across ley lines and weak spots in the veil between earth and other planes of reality. But nothing is targeting him or Castiel. Not anymore. He turns himself back towards the ground, and he brushes his essence through Castiel’s, feeling the condensed, angelic form shutter at the contact. Only then does he re-enter himself.
She shrugs. “Corrupt a town, get another point scored for the home team. Now come on.” She grabs him by his belt loop and tugs him closer. “How much you wanna bet you’re
“Their Grace?” Cas asks. He straightens up, the back of his head hitting a loose plank of wood. Nowhere to go. “Dean, killing them is one thing, but this…”
“Who?
He bums a smoke off of someone outside instead. Leans up against the cheap siding and stares at the cars parked all in a row. The Impala’s off near the sidewalk - he and Cas drove together, figured they could shake down the locals for some info on their case, hustle a bit, get some drinks, and… He takes another drag of what tastes like Menthols.
"Thanks," he says, because he can’t think of what else to say. It's a blue book with 'The trouble with nature' on the front, with more text along the bottom of the cover. It doesn't look how he'd expect it to, a book that has information about… that sort of thing. He tucks it inside his jacket to keep it out of sight. “Listen, Cassie, I…”
He should view it as a weird text sent to the wrong person. Instead he's standing up, gathering his things. In the discarded jeans pocket he finds a key ring, and when he leaves the motel room he spots a car that seems… familiar. His key unlocks the door. He tosses his belongings inside, frowns, and goes to the office.
“How about your wings?” Castiel stands, moving past Dean to look out at the drab parking lot of the random motel room they’re holed up at. “There’s nothing out there, angel, the real show’s right here.”
technology has totally changed since then! This whole dashboard can be replaced. And once I
But you better not -" He breaks the anti-possession tattoo on his chest, and Dean flows inside.
"So I give you stuff sometimes," Dean mumbles, "big deal."
"It's okay," he murmurs.
“So, Columbus?” Dean asks. Cas doesn’t jump from surprise, which is a bit of a disappointment.
It hadn’t been obvious, at first, or frequent. Sometimes you hear stuff that isn’t there - his dad raised him to be paranoid, alright? But it’s getting worse. The voice isn’t distinct, but it’s louder than it was before.
This episode was depressing huh? I didn't think I'd be able to change much of how the Millers' endings went, but I think Sam and Dean were able to behave a bit differently through it all. Originally I wanted to rewrite the Miller family a bit more (like was I the only one who felt bad for Mrs. Miller? Not just losing her family, I just feel like in most cases of domestic abuse there's not just one person being abused in the household. I always wondered if Mrs. Miller got similar treatment and that's why she never stood up for her step son?) but I ended up not writing that in, I kind of thought it wouldn't flow as well, but yeah.
Dean gets up. John’s standing next to him, shotgun recovered from somewhere and aimed at Cheryl.
That, and the view sure is something.
They spend too much on beer and the Cubs lose anyway. As they're walking out to the parking lot, he gets a call from John's friend and he gets a proper address of where to go. They drive through the night and this time they split a room - cities are expensive after all.
deserves this.
“Something to share with the class?” he asks, reluctantly fishing out a shirt and pair of boxers from his duffel as Castiel debates telling him whatever it was.
To roughly a third of the commenters saying that due to how SPN works and who Dean is as a person either shit would go down and/or Dean would NOT take things well immediately after the kiss - your reading comprehension skills are solid.
They don’t meet back at a motel - they don’t meet back up at all. John said he had to finish this thing tonight, get going to Wisconsin. Following the trail of something he never lets Dean see.
They're in the northeast corner of Nebraska. It’s the middle of summer and the air conditioning in Cas’s car leaves something to be desired. There’s a long stretch of road between soybean farms and unoccupied fields where people keep dying, and the town that the road runs through seems to have a higher rate of mental illness than anywhere else in the Midwest.
“Um, yeah. ‘Course.”
“Hell weakened me more than any of us would have thought. But I am still here, doing my mission.”
"And why's that?" Dean turns onto a road where there’s a reservoir on one side, forest on the other. They go on for a few miles in silence. Dean takes another drag and tosses the butt out of the window, digs in his pockets for gum and chews that next. He can see a large plume of smoke across the water.
Hell corrupts, slow or swift, depending on the soul, and its placement in hell. The deeper one goes, the faster the transformation can happen. And Dean Winchester has found himself very deep indeed.
Dean could just not look the damn gift horse in the fucking mouth and leave it at that. He really, really should. "Why're you so damn nice to me?" he says instead, sitting up and crossing his arms, trying to hold himself in place.
“Dean. Listen.” They stare at each other. A motel room door opens and slams shut. There’s birds outside the window, chirping. Dean’s throat clicks when he swallows, green eyes closed off and suspicious.
Dean, worming herself into your good graces as she lied and dodged her promise to you.”
She looks up at him, dark eyes giving him a ‘no bullshit’ look that he can’t help but like, even if she’s stealing his spot. “I think we both got here about the same time,” she replies, sinking into the chair and crossing her legs.
"I still didn't get a call from dad's friend," he says. "But we can head over that way." They had already discussed the case last night before they had gotten too drunk. Cas said he would come, if Dean wanted. "Maybe stop in Chicago."
He assumes that John would be happy about the additional clue - whatever this is, it suggests that there is magic afoot, and maybe they can figure out what kind.
“It’s nothing.”
As another fun note, can someone tell me why adipocere is one of thee hardest words to spell? It is also known as corpse wax - shoutout to my junior year forensics class that traumatized me more than any true crime podcast ever could :)
"Okay, not that I'm even entertaining that crackpot theory, but how would that even work, Cassie? I like women," He feels his face turning red, sweat creeping down his neck.
“You’re a weird one, Cas,” Dean says, before giving in and ordering them a beer each.
Dean wants to stay angry. Maybe he still is. He wants to kick Cas out and mull over his mistakes until John comes back. Apologize, wait for the next hunt so he can prove to his dad he’s not a fuck up.
“We have work for you,” Castiel says. And Dean’s form roils and shakes and Castiel thinks that just maybe, Dean Winchester is laughing. At him.
He feels some semblance of lust pulse through him, but he had ignored it when he was a human, and it's laughably easy now. “If I remember correctly, last go ‘round wasn’t really fun.”
again, like someone whispering both next to his head and in another room. It’s close and indistinct. Fucking annoying. He wonders if it’s some type of tinnitus. One too many shots let off in close range. Figures he’d go crazy because of his fucked up ears instead of going down in a blaze of glory.
“Castiel,” Uriel greets first, before glancing at Anna. “Working with the broken who’d rather be a part of this class of mud monkeys, and… Dean Winchester.” He grimaces. “What a disgusting sight you make.”
By the time they get outside there’s roils of black smoke coming out from the basement windows. John’s long gone.
“Yep. Weird guy, but no one else has gone missing, so.” He shrugs.
Keeping the book open on the passenger seat, he starts the car. He doesn't remember driving, but he pulls out of the parking spot and onto the lonely two lane road and gets going, anyhow.
Dean looks at him; he looks as miserable as Dean feels.
Dean edges along the perimeter of the room, gun trained on Cheryl. As he gets closer to Heather he peers into the open freezer. He sees ice crystals stained red, denim and plaid curled up. Guess their parents weren’t in Paris after all.
Cas doesn’t have to even say what he wants to do. “Fine,” Dean says, goes to the bathroom where their newly bought trunks are drip drying in the shower stall.
He’s on US 1 south for about ten miles before his cell rings. “Hello?”
“Good, that’s good.” He still hasn’t called Ellen. He’s thought about it, but figures he’d want a proper reason before reaching out. There was probably bad blood between her and John, and he didn’t need to get pulled into it if it wasn’t absolutely necessary. “Hey, I need to start doing some research, but uh, you wanna get lunch in a few hours, catch up or whatever?”
“Think so.”
Cas.”
"Gross."
Dad says they’re going to be staying in Columbus for the foreseeable future. They move into a rental house that none of the students have snatched up and Dean gets a job at a nearby garage. His night with Cassie goes well and they end up going out a few more times. Cas is around, too, and he sees him when Cassie’s in class or at her job. More than once he sits through the same movie twice because Cas goes to any movie Dean suggests, and Cassie has similar taste in blockbusters as Dean does.
“Older brother privileges,” he says with a wink, and leads Cas out of the room. It was an old farmhouse in the middle of nowhere. Sam’s car is parked a ways away. “How’d you get here?” he asks Cas, noting the lack of any other vehicle.
Despite himself, Cas smiles.
"Yeah. You're definitely not into me."
He does his best to shake off the thought of this probably dead hunter and asks Pastor Jim about the details of the case in Oregon, and Blue Earth, and whatever else. Their conversation is winding down but Dean’s curiosity is just under the surface, so he forces another question. “How’d you hear about this guy anyway? Thought you mostly stayed in state these days.”
“Do you?” It’s not an answer. Dean turns back in his seat. Peels at the label, watching the glue barely put up a fight under the insistence of his fingernails.
but maybe that's alright. He shrugs at Cassie's friend, but her frown deepens.
Sam lets him out of the trap; they’re in the house of Bobby Singer, and the woman is waiting upstairs. She looks at him with wide, piercing eyes, Castiel sees her, sees the superior that had vanished without an explanation.
The clerk raises an eyebrow. “You mean it?” she says, already reaching for the cigarettes. He does actually need a new pack, burned through his last smoke on his way up to meet John, windows rolled down in the hot weather so his dad couldn’t sniff out the bad habit. The condoms, not so much. He hasn’t used them since he had his freak out back in early spring when he decided to fuck any girl that smiled at him, back before he and Cas -
help. It didn't exactly leave Dean open to discussing his business with others.
Dean feels sweat dripping down his chest through his t-shirt, the gel in his hair no match against the ruthless heat and humidity of the gulf coast in the summer. He drops his bag down and makes a beeline for the AC unit, turning the temperature as low as possible and leaning up against it. Cas is at the doorway, watching him. “I’ve dreamt about this all day,” he says.
“Dean.”
"That's too small a rib bone to belong to a human, Dean."
Cas leans forward in his seat. "What about up here?" Dean was about to give up on the idea, so at the suggestion he pulls the car to the side and shuts it off.
"So you don't say it. You show it." Dean stares at him, and Cas nudges him with his foot, still clad in one of Dean's borrowed socks.
“Alright.” Dean swipes the vial of Grace off the corpse, pockets the blade. “Taking this as payment, sister," he says, displaying the pendant to Anna. “Enjoy the white picket life or whatever.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nowhere else for her to go. Demons want her and I figured that you might…”
Beth looks at him. “Well,” she says, turning down the hall. “Come on.” Cas follows her into her bedroom. “Make yourself comfortable. I’m turning on some music before I hear
Castiel inclines his head. It’s not
"You’re dumping me ‘cause you like him."
He wakes up, turns over in bed to wrap blankets tighter around himself, and dozes. The room is pleasantly cool, the air conditioning unit kicking on in the window providing comforting background noise. When he opens his eyes, he sees the ugliest floral wallpaper he's ever laid eyes on.
“Fine. After
Cas kisses him, quick and gentle. "I'm just happy to be here with you," he says, earnest as always. Dean can't look at him, so he lays on his back, staring at the ceiling.
“Nah,” he says.
“I’m sorry it had to look like that,” Cas tells him, hands on Dean’s face, healing him.
Sam paces, and Dean watches him move around the room, long legs carrying him in rapid, anxious steps. Dean tips his head. He can faintly hear the wind outside, assumes they’re in a structure above ground. Not Bobby’s house then, that makes escape easier.
Cas opens the door and he heads inside. “Brought provisions,” he says, setting down his stuff and tossing Cas a beer. The TV is on low, a book face-down in the messed up covers of one of the beds.
They’re getting breakfast before they leave when Dean looks up at him. “Huh?” he asks, mouth full of bacon.
"Yeah, no shit."
“Gave me some lock picks, too.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I know a LOT of you wanted to see a proper rewrite of Phantom Traveler so that one obviously needed top billing - for those of you sad that Dean's not on the plane, I feel you. I just felt this was a better way for the story beats to play out. I also know some other readers are sad that Dean and Cas can't be out boyfriends so every time I passed this over to edit it I tried to add some coupley things, or you know, a Gilligan cut that makes me laugh every time I read it back.
His shoulders hunch and he looks behind him. “Wh -” He glances back at Cas. “...I’m guessing you didn’t hear that?”
Dean’s form stills, the undulating edges of inky-black and burnished blood stilling. Castiel’s Grace is still within him. “Always?” he asks.
“Might as well be.” Cas sinks into the rickety chair that John had been in when they came back to the motel, and Dean wants to throttle him. Cas nods at the papers crumpled in Dean’s’ fist.
“I told you not to call me that.”
He knows he's being unfair - it's not like he's an open book when it comes to his family life, but it's a knee-jerk reaction. People that complain about John's parenting style were usually the same people that made Dean's life harder. Overly concerned teachers in a town he was blowing through, parents of friends Sam made, people who thought he and his brother needed
“Why not? I’m a demon, right? Possessive.” He tightens his hold on Cas. “Sinful.” He leans down. “What do you think, Cas, your sort can sense things, can’t they? What do you sense from me, right now?” Cas doesn’t answer, but his expression is stormy. Someone who didn’t know him would even think it was murderous. Dean just sees endless possibilities. “We’re finishing this together,” Dean tells him. “You and me.”
come back. Something. Anything. But there's - it's like a black hole. If I was just a hunter who got his memory wiped, why has no one heard of me?"
angel," Dean says, tossing a fry at some interested looking seagulls, "unless, you know, he wants to switch it up."
the end! this was a fun little story i wanted to write before heard from your mother season 2 comes out - idk, maybe one day i'll break these two out and write a sequel, even if it just ends up being kind of fucked up smut, so like, let me know if there's a particular flavor of that you'd like to see! and i hope you all enjoyed <3
*Malcolm Gladwell is a fairly popular author of various pop psychology books that inexplicitly land on the NY Times bestseller lists since like, 2000.
“Yeah.”
“Of course not. But they’re… extenuating circumstances.” He briefly explains what’s happening, and then Dean replies with a new destination - a motel address in a small town one state over. Then the line goes dead. He hands the phone back to Bobby and looks at Anna. “We can leave now, if you wish.”
“Yeah,” he says into his hands. “I know someone else.”
“You’re gonna stain the bed with that,” he chokes out.
“More than that,” Castiel says, ignoring him, “it keeps you tethered to this plane. It’s imprinted on your very being. Even if this seal is broken, or your body destroyed, you won’t go back to hell.”
But being the one prophesied to end the Apocalypse gave him some credence, even in hell. Cas was nearly without Grace, by the time he had reached him. But Dean was brimming with power, more than Yellow Eyes, maybe even more than Lilith.
He's so busy trying to convince both Cassie and himself that this conversation is so not going to happen that her blatant casualness about it throws him for a loop. "I - it isn't?"
"See you, Sammy."
“Not this again,” Dean mutters. Warm water trickles from his hairline down his neck. “You’re persistent, I’ll give you that. But I’m not buying what you’re selling.”
They stare at each other for a moment.
"Fuck yeah they were." He sits up, takes off his jacket and bundles it up as a pillow. "Night, Cas."
"Well. You woke up with stuff to go hunting with. Going around ganking monsters hasn't helped your memory. Why d’you keep doing it? You could've just gone to some random podunk town and settled in. Made new memories."
If he were still human, he might have asked something stupid - like who this creature was, why or how it knew his name. But he can see right through to her core. “Thought I exorcised you last year.”
“Huh,” Dean says, wiping his hands on his jeans. “Think this is the culprit?” Cas twists his mouth.
John nods. “You should be careful about who you’re spending your time with.” Dean could ask if he’s referring to Cas, but he’d be wasting his breath.
“Do you think Cheryl was ever jealous of the two of you?”
“Yeah, obviously,” he says, because he’s not about to admit any of that to a nineteen year old clerk
(See the end of the chapter for
"Uh." Dean squints. Bends down slightly to get a more level view. "There?"
“Yes.”
“Okay?”
“What the fuck are you doing? You heard him.”
Prompt: Dean should have to watch people hitting on Cas more because he would be caught between physical violence and being unable to do anything because ‘it’s his choice he can do better he should do better nobody should love me’ and he’d probably just melt
“Blood being exchanged for power is one thing,” Castiel supplies. Sam stiffens. “But you and Ruby…”
“You need the juice, don’t you?”
"No, I meant - we can stay like this. We don't have to do anything else."
Cas strolls on by, because they kept crossing paths when they were randomly crossing through the country, so being in the same city means he just runs into the other guy at least once a week. Apparently the arts building had a pottery show going on. He shows Dean a thumb-sized medallion with a hole and cord threaded through the top of it. Cas says he liked it and is gonna string it up on his rearview mirror. It has a butter-yellow bee stained on the inside of it, where someone's finger pressed into the clay to make a slight divot.
Dean looks into the fire, ears pricked for anything that's going on outside of their circle. "He's probably never even been out here," he admits.
“You did not contact your brother?”
“Shut the fuck up,” Dean says, backed into a corner. Cas groans by his feet and Dean leaps forward, getting out the knife by his hip, the one Cas gave him. He gets hit in the solar plexus, wind rushing out of him, and an elbow into his eye socket, depth perception going warped. But that doesn’t matter - the knife does its job, sinking deep into the monster’s belly and making it thrash and scream. Dean sees the blurry image of the thing that isn't Cas, surprise on its features as it dies in a way it doesn’t expect. He stabs it in the heart, just to be safe, and gathers the real Cas up, hauling him back to the car.
Castiel recalls Anna as being an expert tactician, organized and unflappable - but part of her magnificence in battle was her ingenuity, her curiosity that led to new tactics. So he is only slightly surprised when she nods.
Cas doesn’t know much about family, but he’s run into enough of them and seen amalgamations on TV. He has the creeping suspicion that what John and Dean have is off-kilter. He can only think of a sergeant running a battalion made up of one lone soldier. The fact that Dean is still gutted over Sam leaving but is so reluctant to actually talk to him sounds like something else, something beyond Dean’s pride and more to do with how John viewed Sam’s temporary status as a college student full blown abandonment.
"She's safe, Sam. As safe as she can be. That thing that attacked her? That was a demon - a powerful one. And if it knew about what happened to mom, then -" He shakes his head. "Whatever dad's hunting has to be even worse."
Human Dean knew how to stretch the last five bucks in his wallet, and as a demon, he gets a masseuse sent to his room, almond-sandalwood-scented bubble baths, and ten thousand thread count sheets that he can grab onto while Cas fucks him. Or he fucks Cas. Honestly, he’s not picky, and while he’s long past caring about any type of judgement system that talks about right and wrong and punishment and justice, part of him thinks that he really,
“It’s a sweet piece of ass,” Dean had said. Castiel wasn’t used to human customs enough to know to roll his eyes, but Dean could feel the frustration emanating out of the angel in delightful waves.
Cas looks at him, brow furrowed. "Did you want to look at it?" Dean quirks an eyebrow at him. Cas shuts the book and stands up.
"Waiting for some more juice?"
Bobby hands Sam something glinting and sharp. A few feet away, Cas's eyes are wide open, staring at the sky. Dean can't tell if he's still able to look and see, still able to breathe, still alive.
“Never?” Dean asks. Castiel doesn’t touch him, but he stares at that part of him with a dark intensity that has some of Dean’s baser instincts sitting up and taking notice.
“Getting some juice back?” Dean asks. Castiel looks at his hands, flexing them.
“Dean.” He turns from his seat and Dean puts out a hand. Case shakes it, looking pleased as pie when Dean pulls up a chair and settles into it. “It’s good to see you.”
and even Dean had to admit to himself he had the bone structure befitting an NSYNC reject. His kind-of girlfriend making the comments versus some guy at a trucker stop was new, but not entirely unexpected.
I feel like I had a lot more to say about this chapter but I am very tired right now so head? Empty. All that remains is Dean saying 'pack it up, Gloria Steinem'. I really need to give Sam some fun references to throw back at Dean. Make Sam hold Dean hostage in the passenger seat and listen to This American Life... Dean lowkey hinting at Sam to leave NPR on bc Car Talk is about to come on...
"Cas," he says to himself. "I'm… Cas." He feels
At night he’s started to have dreams. Mostly normal, except for a shadowy figure lurking somewhere out of reach. Watching like a voyeur. It might be getting closer, but Dean’s not sure.
“Hey,” Dean says. Castiel turns from the window and looks. They’re in another town, lonely and devoid of people, cars. “We
Denise pauses. He can hear how her hands flex on the phone, shifting it around.
She smirks and proudly displays her Ohio State crew neck, which doesn’t really ‘prove’ anything except for the fact that she has a nice figure, and downloads a file.
“Ruby told me about what you’re doing,” he starts. “You and that - angel, or whatever - stopped three seals from breaking last week alone.”
"That's my angel," he says, proud, and for a moment, it's like Castiel is at the precipice of heaven, staring into hell, armed with his orders and unable to even conceive of feeling doubt or fear, or anything that isn't beloved devotion.
Cas doesn’t think he’s drunk, but he’s been drinking a lot and when Beth tries to show him how to dance he goes along with it. It’s sweaty and uncoordinated and there are people bumping into him, but it’s fun.
Dean is waiting for them at the motel, and Anna recoils at the sight of him, of what his being consists of. Castiel can’t help but feel satisfied - after all,
It could be happenstance, or divine intervention, or sheer dumb luck, when he finally, finally stumbles upon the Righteous Man.
“Fine. Cas.” He looks over his shoulder, not enjoying the nickname much, either. Dean gestures.
They split the rest of the bag and Dean loads their stuff into the nearby dryers
Every time they’re on a case together and he screws it up, John usually doesn’t tell him how it ended. He sulks in a room or at a bar for a day or two, and John comes back and they pack it up and blow town. Doesn’t say anything. When that happened, Sam would suggest looking through their dad’s notes to find out what or who the culprit was, but Dean always vetoed the idea, said they didn’t have the right to know if dad didn’t want to talk about it. But he always wondered.
Also for any Cubs fans I apologize for putting a Neil Diamond song in there - 'Sweet Caroline' is more of a Red Sox tradition (though enough other teams play that song that I figured it wasn't too much of an egregious error in terms of Songs Played at Sports Games). Also there is currently no free day at the Chicago Art Institute unless you're from IL, so maybe Dean and Cas just fake ID-ed their way into staring at Ed Hopper paintings.
“I gave Sam your number.” Dean raises an eyebrow at him, but accepts the call. He can hear Sam’s voice, harried and anxious, on the other end of the line.
“Okay, we’ll keep an eye out.” Dean hangs up the phone. Cas is flipping through a book. His fingers trail down the lines of words like he's caressing the pages. "You know, Heather mentioned she came to on a road a few miles from her house."
“Tell you what,” she says, “let me print this out, and the computer’s all yours.” He’s tempted to agree, but the edge of playfulness that’s been threading through the conversation and the way she keeps stealing glances at him gives Dean the impression that she’s not
“Sam Winchester,” he says, then falters. Looks at Dean. “I see you’ve been… busy.”
“My apologies.” Dean swears, and distantly, Castiel hears something wet hit the floor of whatever room Dean is now in. “Sam had a job for me.”
“Get into Boston and follow the signs for Faneuil Hall. I’ll meet you there.” He hangs up, sits in traffic, spends twenty minutes talking Cas through the absurdly confusing Bostonian street signs.
“You must remember how things were,” Castiel tries, “above.”
(See the end of the chapter for
She’s cute, but not cute enough to trawl the rest of the library for a spot. “Look,” he says.
Dean looks at him, doubtful, and turns around.
"What're you doin' Cas?"
“Maybe she could have been helped.”
He insists he can finish the hunt they’re on and he
"Cas is his
Despite it all, Sam’s still level-headed enough to back down. “You really trust… him?” Sam asks. Dean can hear how close his brother was to saying ‘that’ instead.
“It sounds like rambling to me.”
"Yeah," Dean says, taking another drag of his stolen cigarette. "Obviously."
“Do you think Cheryl was ever interested in weird stuff? Maybe the occult?”
Cas’s case doesn't sound like doppelgangers or anything else. Witchcraft, maybe, but even that doesn't seem to explain it. "Say you're like Heather,” he starts, talking a turn onto the main drag and tapping ash out of the rolled down window. “You get raised by some magic mumbo jumbo or whatever. Usually whoever did the raising makes contact pretty damn quick. You've been driving around for over a year at this point, nada. And this evil clone -"
“Already the end of the world,” Dean says, and he breaks off a piece of Castiel’s faltering Grace. Castiel crumples in pain, watching Dean hold the glowing blue light in his hands, wonders why it does not burn him. Perhaps there is still enough humanity, enough righteousness, left that he can handle it.
Dean looks at Cas. "What do you think? Three to five business days on the body?”
“No! They’ll kill you!” Castiel tells him. Dean twists around, searching for the weapon he had nearby. Picks up a knife. Stares at the blade.
Folks! We are back! This month passed by both so slowly and very quickly but here we are with Sam, Jess, a Pilot rewrite, and many unfortunate implications. I hope the wait was worth it! I'll be sticking to the Thursday/Sunday schedule again - as always if you liked this I'd absolutely love to hear any feedback. I know writing Sam has been a very... interesting experience for me, he was my OG fave spn character when I first watched this show in high school and I hope to do him justice.
“Bye Dean.” He waves. Dean drives off.
Prompt: I've dreamt of this / they're not you
Dean wants to burn down the whole fucking house. John makes them search for the grimoire first. His dad takes a collection of occult books and then tells him to finish the job. When he gets outside, Cas is there.
Sam's gaze is fixed on him, and Dean feels a pressure at the base of his skull. He dully realizes Sam’s using some of that psychic mojo on him. Maybe as a built-in lie detector, or just an intimidation tactic. He isn’t sure, but eventually the strange feeling abates, and Sam looks down.
“What about someone else?” Cas suggests. “Another hunter who can help research this. Maybe we need another pair of eyes.”
“Um…” He pauses. Panics.
Sam stans I AM SORRY. Jess stans please enjoy :) And to the two people that were like 'Cas using Elon Musk's credit card? Comrade Cas??' I hope you liked that one line of his.
“Nothing I can’t blast through,” Dean mutters.
*Some flippant description of suicide by minor characters as well as an unsuccessful attempt at suicide/self harm by another minor character.
"You told me enough. It is enough, Dean. Some things can stay in the past."
“You and Michael were meant to bring me down.”
We're actually getting into a story arc! Albeit just one in two parts, but it's still Important. Also y'all remember Cassie? I cannot BELIEVE we only got her and Dean for one episode... au where season six had Dean going back to Cassie... would've been iconic.
(See the end of the chapter for
He holds it out to Cas, room temperature candy starting to melt color onto the pads of his fingers, and the angel squints, takes it from him, and eats it.
Castiel told him that there were seals to Lucifer’s cage, to the apocalypse. He didn’t get a briefing of all of them, before he was sent on the ill-fated mission to rescue Dean, but he has enough of a list that they can blow through. There’s a strange plague in Rochester, a false prophet in Tulsa, a skulking canine creature circling Reno. Dean always enjoys the look on the faces of the demons that try to stop them. The momentary confusion and panic that passes through those soulless eyes before he kills them.
“They were going to take me away. They were going to… make me forget.” Cas shakes his head, brows furrowed. “Forget
“Yeah, I’ll - keep in touch.” He smiles, but the expression is off. Maybe he’s hungover.
“I’ve heard of it before,” he mutters, abandoning his stuttered attempts at pacing to finally sit on the edge of the lone motel mattress. “It has quite a lot to say about demons. How they’re made and operate.”
"That?" Dean asks. "If nothing's come to strike us down yet," he says, "then we're fine, Cas. Don't worry so much."
“Wh - Dad!”
with it?"
Dean reaches over and claps him on the shoulder. "Alright, well. Your morality compass seems to be in check to me."
human enough that you can get your rocks off before we tear each other apart?”
Cas flips a page of his notes. “Some people would probably surmise our jobs as nothing but that.”
Dean touches him; rotted, foul form sinking into his essence, and he feels something else: fear.
"It's only July." Dean starts the engine, puts his arm behind him so he can pull out of the spot. There's nobody out here, nobody important, anyway.
Castiel thinks, on top of the doubt, and the fear, that this was a bad idea. Dean’s hold on his essence grows tighter, more painful, and he tries to wrench himself away, but Dean is right - he’s too weak now, and can’t break free.
Cassie scoffs. “Whatever.
“Huh. They must be fun at parties.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Good. I didn't peg you for a cheater."
"Dude. Enough of the sexcapades with you and your pet angel."
"Found some buried treasure?" Dean comes over and takes a look. The box is an old decorative tin. When Cas flips the latch open, he sees a picture of Cheryl cut out from her yearbook. There's a small draw-string bag and what looks to be a rib bone stuck inside. "What the hell is this?"
not talk about fuckin’ Fiona Apple with this chick you’re trying to bang, Cas!”
(See the end of the chapter for
"And is he -"
Then Cas tries a gin and tonic that Dean orders for him, and he gags at the taste, and his scrunched up face is so funny Dean laughs and laughs and forgets to feel weird because it's just
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas spends more downtime in between hunts. He reads things beside the paper and tomes on witchcraft. Wandering out from the campus library, he ends up in lecture halls, sits in the back and listens to professors talk about biology or philosophy. Gender studies and math. He finds a big hall that shows foreign films every Tuesday at three o’clock. He doesn’t pick up on everything, but he tries.
"Cheryl. We can work this out," it's the first time Dean's heard Cas speak. Cheryl glares at him.
“You have a brother?”
Dean sips at his coffee. It’s burning hot and tastes watered down. “Yeah, why not?” Cas gives him a look that very clearly illustrates that they both know there are reasons for
“Young, your age, little shorter. Dark hair.”
He can hear John breathe out through his nose over the receiver.
“Because taking on the four horseman of the damn
Cas sighs. “We’re working on a cure -”
“Why are you here?”
ever again and Cassie dragged it out of him, and now she’s looking at him like she can see - see something Dean can’t. Or maybe something he just doesn’t want to -
“That’s what they want, heaven and hell? That’s why I’m here?” Dean’s form seems to consider the space they’re in, the sound of tortured cries, the darkness, and the never ending despair of ten billion souls tortured and torturing forever, and ever, and eons after that. Castiel is still trying to get his bearings, and can’t properly fight back when Dean reaches out and grips him tight once more. Castiel isn’t sure what Dean will say to him, do to him. If his words had any impact other than igniting the demon’s wrath enough to finally kill him.
He hears her sigh.
fun fact: this entire fic started bc i saw a post that was like, cas should've been on his knees for dean more. anyway enjoy lmao.
He keeps the book.
“Hey,” Dean says, licking remnants of the drink from his lips, “takes one to know one.”
“Here?”
brain: okay dean obviously is feeling very hurt and betrayed here so we need to depict that -
impatient and hissing.
Then Dean scoffs and goes, "how many times are you going to look me in the eyes and lie to me?”
Sam hesitates, then walks over to a small stand on the other side of the room that Dean’s being held in. “Run of the mill demons don’t have a lot they’re attached to,” he says. “Most of them can’t even remember what it’s like to be human.” He digs something out of the altar’s bowl and shows it to Dean.
I know we are all about Cas making friends with every character he meets, but surprise! Dean needs some more friends too, and I like the idea that he and Jess would have a few things they'd unconsciously see eye to eye on even if their own interests are wayyy different. Dean tries to tell Jess about spaghetti Westerns, Jess tries to make Dean eat tofu, you know. They are both the same astrological sign. The potential is THERE. Anyway I had a lot of fun writing this chapter and I hope you all enjoy reading it.
“Ruining my fun,” he mutters, but he feeds the quarters into the machine anyway.
Dean has a pair of aviators in the car’s glove compartment that he tosses to Cas, sliding another pair on before he pulls out of the parking lot. “What I don’t get is the funny farm thing.”
women at the same time, Dean. It's not that weird."
“Stop the fucking end of the world, yeah, and
“Holy shit,” Dean says. “We did it.”
They ease down the basement steps without being heard. There’s an ominous, unnatural wind blowing through the room, whipping his jacket around and blowing Cas’s dark hair into a messy flurry of strands that frame his face.
“Maybe.” Dean says. They sit in silence until Dean can’t seem to take it. “Well, what about you?” he asks him. “Got any siblings?”
“I didn’t even know we were coming out here till yesterday,” he says. “Sir.” He doesn’t make a habit of lying to his dad. Not about important stuff, anyway. The only exceptions were usually when it came to Sam. He had known about Stanford for months without saying anything to John. But this isn’t like that. John’s dark eyes slide across his face, and he hopefully realizes it too, because then he punches the radio back on, and doesn’t say anything else.
"I - I overreacted or. Something. I'm not sure, but…" Cas chews on his lip. Looks over at Dean, all torn up. "Can I tell you something if you promise not to tell anyone else?"
“Why don’t you just use magic to repair it?” Out of the corner of his eye, Dean sees Castiel raise his arm, as though about to snap his fingers.
“Just admit it, Cheryl! I died, okay? I died because I wanted to and I wasn’t supposed to come back.” Through her tears, Heather notices Dean. She turns and lunges for his gun. He’s caught off guard enough that she yanks it, shot going wild.
“What’s wrong with Metallica?” He gets closer to her and starts poking through the albums. She lets him.
“Jesus. You
(See the end of the chapter for
can like women. You can like men
Cas stares at where Dean and Cassie are connected, where they touch because they both like it and want to and because that seems to be the norm in any romantic relationship. Did he do that with anyone before?
“The fact that half this town has a few screws loose. There’s four thousand people here, max, and a mental institute’s
“Seriously dude, again?” Dean sits back and digs out some needle-nose pliers at the tool box by his feet. “If this isn’t interesting to you then you don’t -”
"I know, I'm sorry. It's probably hard to watch them like this."
Sam's always been good at saying the things Dean never had the courage to. He takes a breath. "I think he did leave us a sign." Sam looks at him. "The journal. Think about it - everything he knows about any evil thing he's hunted or even
wikipedia: actually michael phelps didn't participate in the olympics until 2008.
(See the end of the chapter for
He moves around the perimeter of the place; a few women at the bar catch his eye. He glances over and sees one of them wrapped up with Cas. Well. No. That’s not
been a higher class than Uriel. “What does she matter? She has no Grace, we can’t even begin to guess where -” Uriel reaches under the collar of his shirt and displays a glowing vial. Of course.
She wipes her face messily with a sleeve. “My sister’s body isn’t even fucking cold, and you’re on a treasure hunt?”
“We don’t need to eat.”
“Hey,” he says into the receiver. It’s late, but that’s never stopped him before.
Castiel steps closer, and though his form is smaller than Sam’s, Dean watches his brother swallow, tight. “She failed you
“Won’t someone come see why there’s an axe in the middle of nowhere?”
“Um, yeah,” he says. “Let’s try it.”
John’s silent for the first hundred miles. Then he shuts off the radio. “Dean.” He looks at him, in the way that he’s asking his son to tell him something, that he knows already and if he doesn’t fess up, things are gonna be worse.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I," Cas pauses. "I knew there were supernatural creatures in the world. I knew that most of them hurt people. I couldn't just -
There is one time, though. It was a little after the fourth of July and they’re in Minnesota and dad wanted to pull over to a town called New Canton to ‘check on something’. Dean remembers going to middle school here, maybe seventh grade. He and Sam spent way too much time and money at a rinky-dink arcade and pool hall half a mile from school where Dean actually started to get good at playing. He only remembers the place because he had gotten his nose broken for the first time after winning against a group of drunk college kids home for Thanksgiving break.
“Show me. It’s not like I could do any damage.”
“Fuck.” He hunches in on himself. Cas rubs his back and he’s too tired to do anything but let him. “What the fuck is this thing?”
admit he doesn’t need a stack of condoms ready for - whatever.
*The Taylors was the family from the sitcom Home Improvement, a pretty wholesome show, and the Bundys was the family from family sitcom Married... with Children, which was decidedly less wholesome. Christina Applegate was a star on the latter TV show.
“Pot, kettle.” Castiel doesn’t understand the phrase. Idly, he can see the demonic essence swirling in Sam. It’s different from Dean - he’s still fully human, though… enhanced. He frowns, abilities allowing him to peel back the surface layers and look deeper.
*Content warning: brief mentions of self harm by a main character.
So ever since I started writing fanfic when I was, idk, ten, I noticed most of the media I write for tends to be dominated with male characters, and I guess to try and 'balance it out' I got into the habit of defaulting to writing female characters when I had to bring in established minor characters for whatever reason - or I'd just write in my own if the canon cast didn't work for me. So that's the real reason Cas keeps making connections with different female characters. I guess within the 'canon' of this story it's just bc they like his vibe? Anyway - Cas and Dean are back together, I'm sure nothing about their relationship will change at all :)
"Dean."
“Need a drink?” It takes him a second to realize someone next to him is speaking. He glances over at the bartender. Swallows.
“I can’t!” Cheryl yells, dragging John up the wall until his feet are scrabbling against the stone. “Can’t you see? He’s going to take you away from me!”
“It’s a hard life,” Cas says. “Do you see him?”
“This doesn’t change anything,” Michael spits out, and he takes the blade in his once-limp hand and runs Dean through with it. The pain hardly registers against the force of Lucifer wrestling for control back. He feels blood bubble up his throat.
“No, Dean.”
also drew Cas in said shirt so I wanted to write in a little reference for it. If you follow me on tumblr please send me more weird shirts for Cas to wear.
me: it'd actually be really cool to see stuff get resolved in the first like, three seasons, since those were actually my favorite
Dean drops his arms to the side. “Yeah, so I’m easy.”
There were spotty instances of individuals being found dead in a one square mile of land. Sometimes it’s one a year, other times it’s six months, and others there ends up being years in between. None of them are car accidents, either. The victims just end up collapsing in the field or on the side of a road somewhere, getting found at some point in the future.
“Yeah, well - I’m his son. And he’s pissed at me because of that stunt you pulled.”
“Dean.” John pulls a book towards him and opens it, reads through a paragraph. Dean shifts on his feet. His dad finally looks at him. “You know I only want what’s best for you, right?”
Dean scoffs. “So the next time someone decides they have a hard-on for you, I’m not running all over this plane of existence trying to figure out where you went.”
Unfortunately not every chapter can be an 8k monstrosity but!! Pamela is back - something I had no idea so many people would ask for :) Do Pam, Jess, and Cas do a karaoke night? Also shoutout to @memfys23 who suggested Jess listening to Linkin Park. If Cas can listen to 90s indie girls and early Beyoncé then she can listen to alt rock/nu metal (and early Beyoncé). Oh yeah, also, something something angel language.
“I’ve come to raise you from perdition,” he tells him. Dean Winchester looms closer, and Castiel feels something he hasn’t dared to let enter his mind during his tenure down below: doubt.
“Okay?” Cas says, after.
They get back to Nebraska and Dean stomps around ground zero. The clover’s charred from where they burnt the body. He sifts through the ash and dirt, trying to see if they missed anything. He doesn’t think they did, but he pours a bit more salt and gas on the area and lights it up, anyway.
Lastly, my friend pointed out that Dean might not be ready to label their relationship yet, BUT helping your significant other haggle for a new/used car is SUCH domestic partner shit lmao. Anyway - thanks so much for reading, and I'll see you guys next month! :)
“What happens if they come back, and they target
He inclines his head. “Done.”
“With… him,” the angel says.
“Yeah. He’ll probably chew me out for interfering and bringing you with me.”
“One that’s flowing with its own sustainably sourced demon blood.”
He doesn't know what that means. He usually never knows. He looks at the string of one-way texts and thumbs the keys on his phone. He could ask for the meaning, if Chelsea is a woman or a town, as these texts usually are. If Ides is more than a reference to a murdered emperor. Instead he asks,
Fade to black het (?) sex between Cas and Pamela while they're both slightly inebriated from psychotropics. Cas being friendly and doing recreational drugs with women is apparently a theme in this story, now.
Dean shrugs. “Not like I have to worry about the cholesterol now.” Not that he ever worried about the cholesterol, ever. He stares at the denim and black t-shirts and Cas’s white dress shirt all spinning around in the soapy water, a machine made by a species he’s no longer a part of that was made to get rid of all the nastiness he is all too happy to get down and dirty with on a regular basis these days.
"Are we looking for anything in particular?" Cas asks. Dean takes a turn down a windy road that's more dirt than anything.
or even…
Anyway! That was the Kuri/'dean n' cas go hunting and dean almost dies' story arc! Tune in on Thursday when we start the next arc of: what the fuck is cas, actually?
Unlike Lilith, Lucifer doesn't have to wait for anything, and there's no point in hiding away. Dean follows the trail of destruction alone, just him and his car.
me: ...so the PREVIOUS record holder -
“Should I be jealous?” Dean asks, not jealous at all.
“Is there something wrong with him?” he asks instead.
"I'm fucked up," he says, leaning against his car - it was closest - and trying to find his keys. He can't. He puts his forehead against the cool metal. "Ugh."
Sam brings the blade up, grits his teeth. "Fine," he says, "
Castiel doesn’t move, but Dean hears the wings flutter and shift, a phantom wind ghosting past his face. “This does not look good to me at all.”
Being with Dean almost makes him forget he’s electing to do any of this at all. Until, well.
She wrinkles her nose, considering. “He’s weaker than you, you know,” she tells him, eyes flicking, flat and void-like. “I can taste how much you want him.”
*I'm not a huge fan of Neil Gaiman on his own but Good Omens (and DC comic's Hellblazer/John Constantine) were two of the big proto inspirations for Supernatural anyway. I think they're worth the read on their own but I like to think they have importance on a meta level in this story.
“Okay. Good.” He checks his watch. “Guess we can head back.”
First of all - thank you so so much to everyone who has read this fic! I literally never thought this would turn into this epic length story, or that so many people would be reading it as I wrote it. It's been so much fun, and even if I don't reply to your comment, know I read them all and cherish them, and they all have helped me keep going!
“Ooh, fancy. I’ll be there soon.”
Sam seems to realize what Castiel is doing. He shifts on his feet, crossing his arms. “What?”
His form is gnarled and twisted; blackened beyond recognition. The only way Castiel knows this is
When he sees Dean next he thinks he’s got it under control, the eating thing.
“You’re not Dean,” he insists, even though it’s said doubtfully. Dean imagines Sam’s last few years have been a real test of faith. “Not anymore.”
It’s not that he doesn’t trust Castiel. When he was a human, he had a good gut instinct. Right from wrong, legit from sketchy. The guts got ripped out by hellhounds, but the intuition is still in there. And that old sense tells him that out of all the other angels he’s met, this one’s special. Dean wouldn’t have gotten out of hell without him, that’s for sure. Any other angel - if any had even survived to get down to where he was - would have seen what had become of the so-called Righteous Man and fled. Not Cas, though. So plucky, so brilliant, so adorably naïve. He trusts him and his socially awkward earnestness more than anyone in heaven, hell, or earth - but.
“What about you and Dean?” Sam snaps. Castiel faintly feels his patience thinning.
"Those drinks were expensive."
“Don’t -” Cas starts.
"What?"
Dean thinks, watching from inside his body as Lucifer moves across the battleground.
“He’s not -” Sam’s mouth twists. Then he adds, “he didn’t exactly give me his number. And, this isn’t exactly his… thing.” Castiel cocks his head, waiting. “It’s an angel. Or - a woman who thinks she’s an angel.”
