“I used to call him Willie when he was a boy. I still do although he doesn't like it. As he grew older, he decided he wanted to be called Sherlock.” She seems a bit saddened by this as she leads him down the hallway then halts. “You left something unsaid. You said ‘part of his memory loss.’ You believe there is another reason for my son’s amnesia?”
"I'm headed to Chem," she said.
Sherlock stands in the horrid lighting of Lestrade’s office. Although Lestrade knows Sherlock has come here to expose a good many of his men, Lestrade would rather discuss John’s blog.
“I’m here to speak to Albert Crenshaw.”
Sherlock inched closer and John's heart began to pound in his ears. He had to sit on his hands to keep them from shaking.
The top two floors are Lord Blackwood’s. Of course there’s a locked door blocking the stairwell access to the last two floors, but unlike his locked doors in his mind mansion, these are real. And a combination! Why do people insist on using birthdays?! It's Blackwood’s black sheep of a brother’s, but it works.
He decided to test his theory further. He inched closer to John on the bed. John became even more antsy, yet he didn't move away.
“How would you know how Mrs. Hudson’s makes her tea?” John asks.
“John. I am perfectly capable of speaking for myself,” Sherlock says, then turns to Mycroft. “How shall I help?”
I rolled my aching shoulder and steadied my breath. "Sherlock? Why isn't she going to open the door?"
Once he’s established she is indeed there, he decides where to enter.
"No, not an experiment. Please, John, talking lowers your core temperature. Come on now, get inside the box."
“I had been successful holding down and keeping out most of the rabble who came to either steal or squat. Few were of any consequence—simple burglars or ordinary people turned to crime to survive. I deflected most of them easily with illusions simply by using my alchemy to conjure security guards or fierce dogs. Although what had real value was taken before I arrived, I had scronged and collected chemical and lab equipment. Some were only looking for a safe place to rest their heads, and I tried my best to find other arrangements. When I come face-to-face with professional criminals, I made use my martial arts training paired with alchemy.”
it down. He wanted to experience it again.
Sherlock thinks and shakes his head.
I close my eyes and mentally call on the power of the elements.
“Beca, it’s really only a superficial wound. I really need to see Sherlock. He’s had one of his episodes and really needs to speak to me. He seems to have remembered more.”
“You said that before. Leather gloves wouldn’t work,” Molly says.
“Whatever does that mean?” she asks.
Thank you to hotshoesagain for the wonderful beta. Again, I couldn't keep my hands off it and did some additional writing on this afterward. Any mistakes are mine!
John’s not sure what he expected but not this. The home looks as if a blizzard of yuletide blasted through each room. Holly and evergreen with twinkling lights, glass snowflakes and shining bulbs in reds and greens. It’s reached the tipping point of almost too much holiday.
What will John think when he realizes Sherlock knows?
I fall backward against Calhoun. Norbury turns his Glock on me. At that same instant, I hear the blast of a gun. I’m not shot. It’s from John. I hear a splash as Calhoun goes into the Thames. I’m going down as well. A slow fall. I’m waving my arms to balance, but Norbury whirls around, tipping me completely back and I land half on, half off the dock. My head is hanging down over the end. The concrete bucket drags across the planks, catching on a board. I dangle precariously over the edge, but I’m holding on to the dock with my fingertips.
“You’re lucky I got there in time. I almost resorted to your homeless network for a sitter,” John says.
But inside his head the war raged on. He’d fought the battle over this craving to be with a man and now that he’d finally surrendered, what was he? Gay? Bisexual? He did like women, but … this whole not-a-relationship with Sherlock for example? It was new, and frankly, terrifying.
He towels off the rain and wanders around the cabin, where he finds an assortment of reading material. The rain beats on the cabintop as he thumbs through magazines, novels, and assorted books about the plants and marine life of the Pacific. The photos in the illustrated book on tropical fish are stunning.
I wake to exhaust fumes and cramped darkness and a monster headache. I am no longer in the backseat but stuffed in a boot. Not the same vehicle. The tiny compartment is too small for a sedan. I’ve had enough time spent in boots to last a lifetime. Not only is it boring, but it’s damn uncomfortable.
"Sherlock, what's wrong? What's wrong with Moriarty?" John asked.
"He still has not regained consciousness. You are right that my brother owed your father a debt. He felt that you should know this even though in a few minutes you will remember none of it. He'll send you a written report tomorrow, with instructions to place it on your bedside table where you'll discover it regularly."
“The hill at the end of the island is reputed to have been a Viking lookout post,” Sherlock says and leads the way.
The folder isn’t proof of guilt. Sherlock knows it’s a form of manipulation, but it is proof in one significant respect. It’s proof of who he was, what he was. Sherlock Holmes, detective. He needs to remember that above all else: that Sherlock Holmes may not have his memories, but he has his mind. Although he knows John would argue that’s complete bollocks— a person needs to know
“What makes you say that?” John asks.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And you’ll keep a close watch on Watson,” Greg winks and pats Sherlock on the back.
That means that Anthea most likely knew Mycroft was alive too. It was all an act, which makes John’s blood boil.
He didn’t want John near. Why?
Sherlock rolled to the edge of his bed and poked his head over the edge of the bed to watch. Below was John, head back, mouth thrown open, and his hand working under the covers. Even in sleep the man licked his lips. But it was the spectacle of his grandmother's quilt tented high over his erection that drew Sherlock unblinking stare. Sherlock swallowed back in awe and licked his own lips.
“He is my friend. We work together.”
He opened the mail box to find the Consumer’s Power bill, a postcard reminder from Dr. Tom the dentist reminding his mom of her February appointment, and a letter from Publisher’s Clearing House stating: “You may already be a winner.”
"If you finish with them before three, bring them down to me; if not, Mr. Moran will be here later. You can take them to his office. Room 543." She smiled. A person would have to be dead to ignore it. When she flashed her big o’ grin, it brought out the cute dimples in her cheeks.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s regarding an inept secretary who can’t fill appointments properly into a simple spreadsheet. I have a two o’clock interview with Mr. Crenshaw. It was confirmed this morning by Hollace Abrum.”
“I just don’t want to hydrate the mattress,” John sighs.
I hear the tub draining, and John’s footfalls signal me to put on water for evening tea. As John comes into the kitchen, Rosie hangs from John’s hip, wrapped up snug in a soft-blue bath towel. Although still wet, her blonde curls are already springing to life. She’s chewing on her rubber duckie, then puckers up her lips and leans in for a kiss goodnight from me.
Will looks over at John, and Will is astonished at what he sees: utter composure. John becomes the eye of a storm as he puts the car in park. With deadly calm, he reaches in back of him, then opens his car door. “Stay here. This will only take a minute.”
He's feeling woozy again. "What in hell did you give me?"
“I would much rather be in attendance there. I do not like Michigan.”
A twinge of disappointment crept through Sherlock when he opened the door to his dorm room and saw John asleep. As Sherlock quietly clicked the door shut and crept up to the bed, John's lashes fluttered.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Despite what it may seem, Sophy Kratides main motivation is justice.”
She laughs and pats Sherlock’s hand as she sits down next to him. “No, I don’t. But it’s not only for money. No need to go to such lengths either. It’s a waste of time and energy, and there’s other less messy ways of going about silencing people.”
Sherlock huffed and grumbled under his breath as we continued through the family graveyard and across the moor toward the manor, but he also had a bounce in his step. He was far too happy for this to be anything but one of Sherlock little games.
Sherlock did take whatever his brother gave him, but he’d never heard Sherlock ask for a thing from Mycroft.
Before they leave, Mycroft pulls Sherlock aside. At first Sherlock thinks a new game is afoot, then he sees the question is his brother’s eyes.
Winston’s spent too long on the street to draw attention to himself, so when he chuckles, it’s low and quiet.
Not Sherlock. Who? John shook his head.
She smiles and shakes her head. “You think you can simply walk in and ask to see him?”
“Bits and pieces.” He refuses to give her much. “What about your sister?”
"I do, takes pushpins quite well," Will replies, focused on the map.
John’s eyes flicker to Sherlock’s mouth, and Sherlock relives the tactile memory of how warm and excruciatingly soft John’s lips are. He grasps John’s old London Calling t-shirt and pulls him in. He doesn’t know what the Clash is, but he takes the title as an invite as he fits their lips together.
"Don't tell me...you read
“I understand what you said about Eurus. God, Sherlock. But
It seems that Eurus had a way off the island long before we suspected.
Mike lifts his hands in surrender. “I know a crusade when I see one.” He looks over at the sleeping man, then back at John. “Plus, then you get first crack at solving the mystery.”
“Batman returns!” John laughs. “All clear. I’ve got him tied in your room all neat and tidy where I found him. What did your brother do? Drive a few blocks and let him out on the streets?”
His heart filled with gratitude, Sherlock closed his eyes, head thrown back in sheer relief. When he opened them, he was staring up at a ceiling tile left askew.
“It’s pretty bad. Missed her heart but clipped her lung. We need to get her to hospital.”
His brain is muddled. He can’t think. He needs rest. Time to think about all he’s learned. There’s Mycroft. Could he be alive? He must find out! But he can’t let Helena know. There’s no doubt in his mind that Helena Smith is trying to confuse him. Taint him. It’s working, in fact. He opens the pill bottle and swallows two down, then pockets the rest. He expects Helena to be here quickly.
“About feelings?” Here he lies, half erect yet thinking he’s still verging on heart failure yet John persists on talking about “feelings,” and he’s tell John this if he could speak.
Before he passed, the man had stayed here for months. But it wasn’t his first stay. The magazines told the story. They had the same mailing label on them to Irene and Samuel Stone, 12467 East Ave. D, Hickory Corners. He’d come here for many years. It was his place to get away from his wife. But after she had passed away, it was a place for his regrets.
Winston reaches out, and they shake hands. His grip is firm and comforting. “Best you’re gettin’ on yer way. Be careful, Will.”
John tips his pelvis up into his hand, his cock almost slipping from Sherlock's grip, but Sherlock takes a firmer hold and begins to stroke him. John stares up into those eyes that are so changeable like the waters—glimmering greens and vast blues that turn from still to tremulous then turbulent.
‘the button’ to push? Sherlock, you never were the one to make the choice. If anyone, it would be that huge arsed Machiavellian brother of yours.”
“But you don’t care, do you?”
“Took you long enough,” I say.
Disappointingly, a middle-aged woman stood there, holding the door in her tiny hands, head peaking around it.
The view of the bay and channel, however, is spectacular.
“Sherlock will need to use his talents and make Sophy believe he not only wants to work for her, but that he shares the same goals.”
And Sherlock wants to look at John too. Inspect him, explore him. Slowly Sherlock opens his eyes to see him. John’s coating his cock with the lube and smiling down at him. He’s ruggedly handsome and fit although Sherlock can tell John’s posing a bit for him like he’s ready for inspection, straightening his spine, sucking in a bit of his gut. Sherlock thought it would be hot if he salutes. But he doesn’t need to do any of it— all golden and creamy with freckles. Just the right ratio of muscle to mass and padding. He doesn’t need to crunch and curl his way to torso glory. He’s perfect.
Another lovely chapter that I owe much thanks to recently_folded for help (including John's injuries which she had me lessen the severity).
"The real reason why I'm here." He stops eyes on the horizon. "I'm afraid I may have killed Magnussen."
. Sherlock inched down the aisle, not looking back, yet still knowing they’d stood and were leaving as well. From the corner of his eye, he watched them leave. While he was certain she wouldn’t do anything tonight, he would never trust her. Every fiber inside him cried out to follow behind them, but if he followed, John would resent it. And if he caught Sherlock doing so, he would turn around and tell Sherlock to “fuck off.”
We start with the seesaw and the control John has over Rosie and her safety, which Sherlock parallels to his own heart. It goes high and low, fast and slow, and is dependent on that big old brain of his to control it. Sherlock notes how well John tempers his movements with Rosie, how he’s directly next to her, not balancing on the other end of the seesaw. His heart his sure and steady. While her bottom rests on a hard, board slab, and she could fly up and slam down, John would never let that happen. Unfortunately, that’s not the same with Sherlock, and he notes it in the story. Well yes, Sherlock acknowledges he did jump off first, but he tried to spare John from harm. When John jumped off, it’s a painful drop.
John shakes his head.
Fuck you,
“I care about a good many things in this world, Dr. Watson— mummy and my brother are at the top of my list. I do not need you to judge me, and I do not care what you or the world think of me,” Mycroft says. “I do care, however, who is in charge and what the person does with that charge.”
“You wanted to wisk me off to parts unknown. Mummy wouldn’t approve of that either.”
“John will know,” Sherlock says, making the distinction. “And I will tell him.”
When the stranger was within reach, Sherlock felt himself being yanked by the belt loops. Everything that followed was all about clumsy hands, harsh breaths and bittersweet arousal that was so thick he could smell it in the air.
The doctor senses this. He rests his eyes on my parched lips. He pours water from a jug into a glass.
Shouldn't he feel more loss of his and Mary's relationship? He was going to marry her. He's angry, furious inside, yet as the ocean breeze ruffles through his hair and his feet sink in the sand next to Sherlock's at the edge of the airstrip, he finds himself letting go and doesn't care.
Two is an explanation of an athanor, which is a furnace used in alchemy. See this
Sherlock smirked. John's eyes were now trained on this hands.
Mary was clever. She believed she was as clever as me. Cleverer. The ultimate test for her would be to fool me, but to do that she needed help. Eurus. That was Mary’s fatal mistake.
He knew she was cunning. He knew she was after him. He recalls something else Sophy said to him last night. He’d deduced her main motivation. Then he’d found evidence in her room. He said it was power. She said he was incorrect. It wasn’t as much what she said, but her voice when she’s said it. That was the last bit of evidence he needed, corroborating what he found in her dresser. She always spoke so clinically. This time she spoke with a strain in her voice, holding back.
Sherlock blinks. "Are you accusing me of drugging you?"
He's nearing the boat when he sees footprints on the higher ground above the tideline. They may have been here a while but with the sudden rains, he doubts it. He's not alone after all. They're certainly big enough to be Sherlock's, but how would he know? It's dense with undergrowth here. It's possible someone could have been here for days. Somebody had to stock the boat and tend the water tank. John makes a mental note to keep an eye open.
John wobbled backward in the chair, but Sherlock grabbed John's shirt and held him in place.
-----------------------------
“You’re trying to distract me.” John takes a sip, following Sherlock with his eyes from over his cup. “Exactly what
Sophy turns John’s gun again to Mycroft. Sherlock looks down at his chest as she does. The red dot over his own heart disappears and then like magic blinks back.
Before leaving, Sherlock turns and asks, “Cards? Tomorrow?”
As Sherlock rushes out the front doors of Cardiff Royal, he stumbles on the steps. It’s hard to catch his breath, and he’s light-headed and nauseous. He’s not sure if he’s in serious need of medical treatment, or if it’s just the backlash of his argument with John.
that to happen.
They put him in a patched and oil-stained inflatable dinghy and, with old, broken slats of wood from a loading pallet, paddle him toward what looks to be the classical greeting-card tropical island covered in palm trees and white sand beaches. It's exactly the type of place Sherlock would pick given his love of pirates. John takes a long look into the water at the colorful fish and coral beneath them.
. He scrambles into the room and shuts the trapdoor behind him, a black cat rubbing against John’s leg.
He needs to know. What is it? He sees little or no color. Acute toxicity of…
“Mrs. Hudson has gone out but will be back shortly, and her Mr. Lewis Gilbert stopped by. He thought you’d like some company for a bit, Sherlock. He suggested that maybe you and he could share a cuppa,” John winks, then speaks loudly to Mycroft, as if he’s half-deaf. “How’s your lumbar feeling today, Mr. Gilbert?”
“John!” Will jumps to polite attention. His anxiety amplifies with John in the room. The Sister takes the signed papers from Will’s hand and looks at Dr. Watson oddly.
!" Will waves
“Wait, you said someone hit you from behind. That’s when it happened. Someone stopped you!”
The man looks into John’s eyes with such an intensity, John regrets his harsh words. There’s something in there John’s never seen. He feels as if his heart and soul are open for the man to see. Then the man’s eyes fill with terror and panic as his jaws clench. Clear resignation of what’s about to happen washes over the man’s face before he convulses. John pulls him gently to the floor away from the benches and turns him onto his side and checks his vitals. Sobering to think that not long ago this fellow raced like a gazelle as John chased him across rooftops, and now he lies unconscious between John’s legs.
It was the choice of an instant to jump down next to John on his bunk. Sherlock wasn't sure what he was doing. For someone who prided himself on thinking through his every move, he was surprised at himself for following his heart.
Then the violin plays in John's head. A slow movement starts softly, building into a bittersweet ache that climbs inside John’s heart. He sits up on the edge of his bed. It’s almost real to him. He recalls Sherlock playing and how they danced. He recalls those first gasps of morning light pouring through the windows, the emotive powers of the music filling him. Suddenly John is awash in a thousand tears. The timbre and tones slowly shift and call to him in his memory. It beckons.
“The object of the game is to determine who murdered the game's victim and where the crime took place.”
. John kicked the bottom of the bed.
It’s John as the moral compass, sitting with his legs crossed in his chair. I have to appease him somehow, some way. John isn’t naive. He knows that truth isn’t always so simple.
He'd still had the shadow of that black eye on the evening he overheard two men talking about Rest Area 818.
John barks out a laugh. “That explains how Mycroft knew she made an excellent cuppa!”
"Ours is an unconventional relationship."
"No. John, I assure you, I have not. I'm not even certain where to buy it although I don't believe it would be that difficult. I did find it in that little town I stayed at before moving into the dorm."
It doesn't take him long to realize that the book is set on this very island. He becomes lost in the story and reads it all over the next few days. He waits and watches for more signs of people, but none appear. No Sherlock and no more footprints in the sand. He uses the novel and the various books as guides to what's around him. He knows where he is now: Palmyra Atoll.
John removes his arm and opens his eyes. "What does that mean?"
John never will forget that first night his father didn't come home at all. His mother panicked and so did Harry. John was fourteen and more than old enough to understand what it meant. He played at being brave that night and pretended he was a man. He let his mom and sister cry on his shoulder; he'd wiped their tears, and told them it would be alright. All the while, his heart ached. Later that night he let himself cry into his pillow.
“His seizures are triggered from returning memories then.”
“Afraid we don’t have any amenities to offer,” he apologizes. “I would so like tea and biscuits.”
Sherlock seems genuine—emphasis on the "seems." It's not a performance to influence or some sort of subterfuge for a case. But John notes that there is something behind his all-too-happy-to-please attitude that feels completely wrong. At times he'll catch a glimpse of the Sherlock he really knows when he thinks John doesn't see. He looks...sad. John is convinced Sherlock's heart isn't in it.
John halted. “Really? You made me something?”
"So it's been a while since you've been with someone," Sherlock said.
His fingers are about to tap out another when a knock comes to his door. A light tap. Sophy.
John is all too happy to comply as he slips his white boxers off his hips. Sherlock absentmindedly slides the cord between his long fingers while watching John disrobe. John lies back and looks up at him.
Sherlock eyes grow wide as he watches John's hand work himself. “Yes! Come, John,” he pants.
"I actually believe I'm going to miss this place."
As he enters Cemetery Park, his mind continues to work through all the possibilities. He moves near the spindly trees lining the walkway. The moon and what’s left for street lights, cast long shadows and allow him to see his way. Sherlock notices Winston an instant before Winston notices him. His new friend is tucked in beside a disease-resistant elm.
John gasps at the speed with which Sherlock whips one of the cords around his wrist while holding the other wrist firm to the mattress. Sherlock's eyes go dark, and John shivers as he ties the cord to the bedpost.
“Alrigh’, heard you and Sherlock were here. Lt. Lestrade filled me in on some of it. Is everything tidy?” she says.
“Well, for most it’s a bit not good, but I’m asking you. Everyone’s had losses. You have too, you just don’t remember them. Tell me what you know about me.”
“Actually we were talking about Molly. How is she coming on your automail. I trust it’s up to your expectations.”
“Tut, tut, tut! Seb told you to stick to the script,” James taunted John. “But you hardly need an answer. You can see with your own eyes. You know why, and what I’ve asked him to do. If you’ve got something to say to him Johnny-boy, go ahead. You don’t have much time.”
"What was that?" I asked.
Sherlock adjusted the fine focus on the microscope. He jotted down some notes, then looked into the eyepiece again, refusing to give James the satisfaction of his full attention. He heard James dragging a stool next to him. He sat down.
John stops. I stop. But Rosie fills the gap. “I want duckies.”
"Did you just win?" John gasped and leaned back, breaking contact.
be an arse."
“I am certain.”
* Just to be clear, there’s no Baker Hall at U of M, but on this fictional campus, we need one since they’re in room 221.
“I can prove you care.”
What must she have thought when he came to that table with his stupid mustache? Why didn't she kill him then? Was she wondering what he'd do? How much he knew about her? Was it that with Moriarty's empire taken down, she had no one to report to and no hit to fulfill?
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but remained silent, waiting for his brother to continue. Sherlock noted how John monitored the phone call with an ear obviously to the conversation. John continued to look up and down from his book to Sherlock with unabashed interest.
”I'm fine. Better than fine. I'm bloody fantastic."
"I read it before I became distracted."
“My, my. I love the passion and fire! An honest reaction! But I don’t think that will work. You see my mind is set on a new plaything.”
My head feels as if its steel pounded thin on an anvil. The smack to the side of my head compounded it, and my mind palace remains distant to me. It's there, but the path to it is but a mere filament, so thin, and becoming thinner with each second.
"Hardly. But it has been impressive. We need to be sure you've eliminated the last of the poison, though."
As he climbed the steps to their floor, he wondered again about Moriarty’s comment about Sherlock. John had only seen Sherlock smoke pot—nothing else. Sherlock had alluded to other drugs in the past, but John had seen no evidence. Living nuts to butts, it would be hard to hide, but considering Sherlock's tendency to experiment, he wouldn't be surprised that Sherlock might even try heroin just to see how it affected him.
Sherlock waited three hours for John to return. When he didn’t, he decided he couldn’t pace the floor any longer. Smoking that joint hadn’t helped in the least, and his mind palace had completely refused to let him open its doors.
He sucks in a breath and looks over at Sherlock again for a bit of confidence. John is not that nervous to see Sherlock’s mum again or to spend long hours on end with Mycroft— it’s just for the last two years John lived in a kind of a Hell during the holidays.
“You need to do better.“
“With Eurus’s help. John, think. Realize. Since the moment we both encountered Eurus, she made us misdirect our attention, our perceptions.”
Sherlock didn't bother to say goodbye. He slammed the receiver down.
“I know what you haven’t told me,” he begins. “I figured it out.”
Sherlock decides to throw caution to the wind. “Tell your date to treat you right or answer to Sherlock Holmes.”
“Thank you.”
“Oi! I wrote that!” John says.
As Mycroft moves to sit down, John pulls back his fist and slams Mycroft in the mouth. The cat yowls and leaps from Sherlock’s arms. Mycroft flies back and lands on top of one of the tables. John’s hand feels like it’s broken, but it’s worth it. Hitting Mycroft didn’t cool him down enough, however.
"Hello?"
“In an attic, which has nothing to do with my prognosis.”
It’s the story of us. How can he not understand it? Mary must have known when she read it, when my sister handed it to her.
"Yes, I know," he replied and winked at him. "I'm Associate Professor James Moriarty. I understand we'll be working together." He nodded at John, who stood stunned. Moriarty looked at his watch. "Oh, the time! Must get to class. I'm already late."
John wasn’t sure how prepared he was for living this closely-packed. Months ago, John’s parents had insisted that he not be in a coed dormitory. John wanted to be in a coed: he had no problem with girls around. He put up a fight—just on principle—but in the end, they were footing the bill so here he was in a dorm packed with hundreds of male bodies, nuts to butts. The bathroom situation was the worst; his whole floor shared this single communal bathroom. John’s first impression was walking into a wall of steam filled with five sweaty, hot guys in various stages of undress. John took a piss, then ducked out as quickly as he could. How was he going to make it through this? It was worse than high school gym class.
"I agree, you didn't look nearly this anxious when I went to bed.” John decides he needs to wake up and check on Will regularly at night. If he’s to recover, Will needs rest. “Alright, tell why I should be afraid of you.”
The rush excitement he felt was replaced with apprehension. John found a bench and took a seat, placing his backpack next to him.
He tells me little about his work there, but I deduce he has his hand in all aspects of the business. The ink on his hands reflects the administrative and clinical research and chemical stains, lab time. He also steps out in the evenings for walks, which I join him on. We’ve walked by his business on our way to Regent’s Park but have yet to tour through the business. He assures me, we will.
He'd looked around for a part-time job that wouldn't eat up too much of his time. John had had to turn down one job at a local grocery that was just too demanding of his time. He couldn't work thirty hours a week and still maintain his grades and keep his scholarships. He'd applied to at least twenty stores and shops in the area, had had two interviews, but nothing came of his efforts in the end.
Moriarty nodded to Moran, and Sherlock stood back up on shaky legs. His motions were no longer fluid and graceful. His body jerked and stuttered. He reminded John of one the zombies from
“That’s putting it mildly.”
My once broken heart beats strong at his words.
“You can have him,” says Sister Katherine. “At least that impossible man is not a patient on my floor anymore.”
John flinches a bit. Maybe he had. He wonders if part of him didn’t expect Will to do this. “I have a password,” he says in defense.
“You aren’t safe. A serial killer may lurk within these walls.”
"I'm surprised from what I'd read that no one has visited here since I arrived. One of the research bungalows not far from the dock is locked up tight. From what you said the first day, I assume that Mycroft has something to do with that."
John continues to push Rosie on the bucket swing. Maybe I have been wrong to keep everything to myself. I can’t let this become another problem between us.
“Get on your back. I need to see your face better.”
James enjoyed destruction and death. He had wanted a partner in his perverse joy.
“Mrs. Davies is out, so I’m covering, getting the tour in before rounds. Thanks to my brave corps of early risers,” Mike smiles back at the group. “If you’re delivering flowers or such you can use the corner table in a room like this. Keeps the space around the bed clear. Let’s head back to the canteen for breakfast. I’ll hand you off to Doctor Hooper for more about blood-borne diseases, and I’ll get Doctor Watson’s overnight observations before I start my day.” Mike ushers the group out the door with a nod to John, leaving him alone with the mystery man and the constant whir of the ventilation system.
"Why isn't she going to open the door?" I demanded. "Answer me." I rubbed my arms to get warm. I kicked myself again for relinquishing my jacket at the door. I narrowed my eyes at Sherlock. He still had his coat. The bastard.
John said, he trusted Sherlock. He must prove that trust— with the best plan possible.
In less than fifteen minutes, it all stopped—except the wind. It pushed him along on the rink like a skater. He braved it the rest of the way to his dorm.
“Sherlock has a history of seizures from head trauma and is on anti-seizure medication.”
"It is,” says Magnus. “From this time on, no circle will you need to transform. You will summon the elements without it. You are the circle. You will learn that it is not for you to determine what the exchange shall be.”
"This is not about my sister! You don't have to do this—deflect from the real issue. Listen, it must be big if you can tell me he handcuffed you and leave it at that. What could top that? It has to be something...I don't know...like really horrible."
we getting off this island?"
His mind stutters along with this heart. It's only his own excitement: God, oh God, he's kissing Sherlock. He's actually kissing Sherlock.
“Excuse me if I’m being forward, but I need to know. You are my son’s doctor and friend, but might you be something more to my son?”
John laughs as he pats Mike on the back. He wonders about the wankers in the world. It seems to him that Pandora took the kindest people and left most of the tossers like him alive. He’s had many a disagreement with his peers about the epidemic’s cause— he doesn’t want another argument now, not when John’s shift was about to start.
I walk over to John's chair and kneel before him. “I’m not even certain as to why. That may even have been planted by Eurus. We don’t know how much of what’s happened is us. That is why you should never blame yourself for all that happened afterward.”
He stalked off toward the lumber store with Moriarty step for step beside him.
"Spoken with such elegance."
John walks with him towards the elevator. "Probably half an hour to an hour, but could be more if there's a wait, terminal may be on the fritz again." Damn it, he can't babysit Greg and look for William at the same time. He hears a nurse sigh loudly and slam down his clipboard at the station. "Ah. He's got one of my patients, probably should go see what that's about." He pushes the call button, trying not to make it obvious that he's fleeing. "I'll come get you once William's back from imaging. Have to owe you that sandwich."
I don’t know how to answer him at first, then it occurs that for once, logic will not suffice. I wonder how much of this is about us.
The way he tucks his shoulder back, he was in the military.
“There’s a reason it’s folded into the shape of a heart,” John says.
"Yer no alchemist! Best alchemist in all of London, my arse! All them stories about your powers was a lie."
"Yes, I suppose. I don't have direct evidence that my mental map is fictional. It may still provide a clue as to when I was here. Maybe even for what. You’re here running from your past. Is that what I was doing?”
“We believe that the pandemic was created to target those with a ‘common’ specific genetic marker and developed so it would be less likely to mutate when introduced to other viruses. You and I dear brother, along with our mother, did not have this common marker. Our father and sister were not as fortunate.”
Hang on to your seats, good buddies, because here comes a surprise! You knew one was coming. A face off between Sherlock and Moriarty, but the other? Maybe not. For those of you reading as I post, I waited to add the name in the tags to avoid spoilers for this one.
On his heels, he spun forty-five degrees, the gun steady in his hand. He raised an eyebrow as he pointed the gun at Moran’s head.
“I was about to tell you before Mycroft appeared,” Sherlock blurts out.
“Without a doubt. First let’s talk about that supposed choice you made. Use that big brain of yours. You didn’t
Sherlock stands and steps next to him. John recalls kisses as sweet as the blooms surrounding them.
“And you need almost as much assistance as she does!” Winston says, smiling.
John began to sit up in his seat when he heard the professor say what no first year student wants to hear from their professor: his name.
I hate getting kidnapped, but I do believe John hates it more. He would much rather be the rescuer. It’s the BAMF in him. For me, it’s a trial in stupidity and often boredom.
John thinks.
At last at the end of the day, he returns to a darkened room. Mr. Hawkins’ eyes are shut as John softly enters.
“I don’t know how you talked me into this,” Sherlock says.
"Not with that head trauma."
“It’s set then,” John says, smile widening with approval. “In the meantime,
“It’s grand having wallpaper after bare walls. And books!” His long fingers run over the bindings, reading the titles.
“What did she give you?” John asks.
“I’ve gotten some insight too over the last few days,” Greg says. “It seems Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective for Scotland Yard, has landed on his feet much like this lucky cat. He’s been a help cleaning up a few of our cold cases. He’s bloody talented.”
“You said before that the note is about us. How?” John asks.
“Be careful, John.” Her words makes John stop and turn around before he steps out the door.
They both carry their luggage and gifts. Not much to juggle. Since Sherlock convinced himself they’re only staying for the evening, he’d said to pack light. Not that he really had.
“Yes?”
John laughed lamely at the joke...that he was pretty certain wasn't actually a joke.
. But John knows Sherlock's observant. John would sigh.
“I don’t need your advice.”
The reaction though. It couldn't have been something trivial that had happened between them. Not just a lover's disagreement. This wasn't some bad ending to a love song.
My words conjure nothing. No Alphons, no mother. Instead, the floor opens up and swallows me. I fall, spinning round and round down into the abyss.
Moriarty laughed sadly. "Me? A killer? Do I look like a killer?"
Although when it came to my heart, I never spoke it. The notes in music are only a part. How it’s played by the musician changes with the tone, the tempo. Eurus knows this as well as I, but she only knew it in a technical sense. The emotion, the passion was not there until those last days. Now I must play the music the way Eurus thinks I would play—with emotion and passion.
"Drachma. How did you know where?"
Yet. there is something to her story.
“No, I can see that. Hard to get Molly to change her mind once she has a cause.”
“Do I have a choice?” Will says, getting in. His head is pounding, but he knows he’s not about to pass out. Instead, he blinks back the pain.
"Not that talk like sons of Earls. Put him in a suit, and he could be on the provisional council."
. He'd shake his head. Maybe Sherlock hadn't noticed.
When I suggested the job to Will— that's the mystery man's name — , he repeated each and every one of Doctor Bellin’s motives from our meeting— it was like he was standing there in the room when she told me. Turns out he’s a bloody mad genius, and not such a bad sort. Then I brought up my extra room. I was surprised he took me up on it so quickly.
I roll my eyes and let them continue to pull me along. My bound legs flop across the pavement.
“You know my proposal. You’ll work for me. Make our little addictive additive. I think it’s a bit ironic? You the reformed addict creating a substance to addict the world! And you’ll be married to your work. My lab awaits you.”
He still wound up and tense. He’s expecting answers. It’s time for me to tell him and let the cards fall where they may.
I walk the path I have chosen. My father’s voice echoes: "Walk and talk through the world as an alpha but never think as one."
I usually hate it when people repeat what I’ve said, but those two words from John’s lips, I would listen to over and over. I hope it’s in some way an answer.
“What else do you remember?” John says, finishing off his his grilled tomatoes.
“Need you ...” Sherlock whispered.
Sherlock croaks out, “Yes,” and John leads him to his room by the hand. Every touch affects Sherlock’s groin. He never felt so exposed, so vulnerable, yet so wanted. He can feel his pulse beating in his cock. Every touch sends a new throb of heat into his core.
Nothing.
Will brushes her off. Instead he worries he’ll need help walking, and he doesn’t want to be a bother since John has his cane today. But Will’s legs remain steady as he follows John out the front and to the parking lot. He’s nervous. What if John’s changes his mind after William has lived with him? He couldn’t even hold it together and “be nice” to Sister Katherine. John’ll most likely throw him out in a week. He’s sure no one could put up with him. His heart starts pounding, and he becomes more and more agitated, trying his best not to let John know his apprehension.
"Not nearly painful or irritating enough," John sniffs and closes his eyes. It's so bright the light still filters in behind his eyelids. "When
“I messaged him first. You aren’t giving me answers.”
I should have expected as much from you.
“Neither. Although I can’t wait to show you my old place in London, but I’ll save that for the trip to see mummy. And the attic? That is my past. ” He closes his eyes. “The one place we need to go is where I went as a child. I want you there with me. It’s the last important piece on my treasure map. To find my past. The part I don’t remember.”
“At least it is my choice.”
God, Moriarty. He wondered if Sherlock kissed Moriarty. Probably. While John did feel a twinge of jealousy at the thought, he couldn't help but laugh to himself as he walked. The idea read like one of the stories in his mom's true detective rags: "I Made Out with a Psychopathic Killer."
“You told me Eurus was dead,” Sherlock says.
From the moment I met him, the pull was undeniable. I didn’t want to lose it. I fought it, but just like I couldn’t stop looking, I couldn’t keep my heart from falling for him. Once I fell, I couldn’t put those feelings back.
“I should fucking shoot you right here.”
Sherlock's head whipped back and his eyes widened.
niche). Every echo of John spitting into his hand, every pulse in his arse as John's cock split him pushing inside, Sherlock had preserved.
The man on the bed doesn't look confident. “William Hawkins. I think.”
He doesn’t understand his sudden need for John to care. Or maybe he’s misreading his responses. Maybe it’s not about John. Maybe he has a past fear of riding in cars. He’s ridden in a car before may times, he’s sure. As he hurries into the passenger seat and shuts the door, he determines the cause of all his nervous energy. It is John. Close proximity to Dr. John Watson. How had he missed this? He gives concise direction to the attic, afraid to say much else.
"You're here about last week's heart attack, then? Molly said Hawkins told everyone in hearing distance that it was a poisoning."
. And John had the perfect sugar ratio. It was like some sort of supernatural fluid flowed through Watson's veins instead of blood.
“No,” John concedes. “Can I get your name? We have to call you something.”
A few of the boards are missing, and John isn't sure that it would even be safe to walk on. They say something in French he can't understand.
John felt a large hand grip tightly around his wrist. Startled, John yanked it back as if he had touched fire, but a second later, John reached around, grasping the man's long, hard cock in his hand, pumping it.
“The man is brilliant!” she says, squeezing John harder.
“Welcome to the West side of the recovery ward, ladies and...ladies, it’s just ladies this morning, isn’t it? Always check in at the nurses’ station— hello— and
For those interested in what the blood rune looks like, this is the one used on Full Metal Alchemist that Edward Elric used to bind Alphonse's (his brother's) soul and essence to the suit of armor.
! He snores!” Sherlock crinkles his noses.
"What? No! He hasn't been ...You know what? Even if he was, I’m not a narc either. I don't say this to many people, but I don't like you."
He asked Sherlock to dinner that night. Sherlock agreed. Finally, he'd thought, someone like-minded. He let Sherlock pick the time and place.
. He thought he'd left James behind, but he hadn't.
“Maybe we can distract her.” I snag her favorite sock puppet.
His gaze takes in the island that lies before him. It must be miles and miles long, he realizes. The water grades from a shocking aqua to pale blue, almost white, where it turns shallow at the shore. It shimmers and sparkles. He can see occasional bright, silver flashes beneath the water—probably fish swimming but moving too quickly to be sure. The anchor chain arcs out ahead to where it lies partly buried in the sandy bottom. Otherwise the bottom looks dark with some sort of grassy plants. It's like a completely different world. Even the birds don't sound or look the same as anything he's ever known.
"Mycroft wanted you here.
“Push me, daddy! Higher!” Rosie says.
Meanwhile, John was lonely, but never alone. He had his guitar. All he needed to do was reach under his bed and take it out of its case. He’d saved up for months to pay for this guitar, bought used from Victor. He doubted his friend had ever tuned it, let alone played it. It was one of the many gifts that his friend had gotten from his parents that had simply collected dust in his closet. He knew he hadn't paid near what the Gibson was worth, but Victor hadn't cared.To John, if a man could love an instrument, this was love. Like all fine guitars, it always sounded best when a touch off pitch, and what was more lovable than that?
“I think everyone who meets you knows you don’t like them, but you don’t belong out in the streets even if you are good at nicking people’s pockets and stealing from vendors. And this would also keep you close to hospital, give you access to medical treatment that’s needed. Molly suggested you start in the morgue.” He’s almost certain William is going to say no, instead, the man bursts out in deep, rich laughter. He hasn’t see William do that much. At all, actually.
I hear the pain in his voice, but I keep this last piece from him. I told him never again, but I must be sure.
“There’s no need,” Sherlock says. “I only have a headache.”
In it he was the one seducing Sherlock, kissing him, stroking him, whispering what he wanted to do to him. The haunting opening of "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" played as the soundtrack to the vivid wet dream. He was picturing himself on a boat on a river with trees literally filled with tangerines under marmalade skies. All the while the boat rocked with them making love inside while cellophane flowers towered over their heads.
"I'm so glad you could come," said our hostess. "Could I have Ellen take your coats?"
“Precisely. Let your driver know I’m ready.”
“It was Kingston’s study that caught your interest.”
His mother gave an understanding nod.
John’s brows knotted in confusion.
Will steeples his fingers beneath his chin. “One that comes to me often is of a man with his arms tied to a chair in a locked room. His hands are severed and in his lap. The top of his head is gone. It’s removed clean like a bone saw cut through it. There’s no blood.”
Sherlock tries to remember, but it burned with his old dresser in the house.
————————--
"I can't," I wail.
“There was nothing to stop.”
put down your gun,” Sherlock said, then winked one of his unearthly eyes at John.
Sherlock sighed. His lips literally flapped in exasperation as he did it as if to say, "You idiot."
“Other than Mummy, I don’t believe anyone has ever referred to me as an angel.”
“John, I wish I could be what you need, but I am not.”
"We meet again!" It said.
They race to the edge of the air strip and turn to take a last look out at the ocean.
"God," Sherlock said, smacking his lips. "My pastrami tastes even better with yours."
“I'm sorry to have to tell you all this. I only hope that it's not too late, and he hasn't turned his obsession on you."
“You’ve been shot, and I am the one crying on your shoulder. You need to go home and rest. Quit being my caretaker and take care of yourself. Lestrade will be in soon to take my statement. If you’re so worried I’ll be lonely, he’ll keep me company for a bit.”
“I just. You called me ‘love’ and my response was unexpected.”
As usual, Sherlock sits not far from him in the sand with a long blade of grass in his hand. John wonders how he ever missed it. Did he just choose to ignore it? Why? What was he afraid of?
“Actually, I am.” Will sounds genuinely surprised.
“It’s safe enough here. Bolt cutters are faster. It’s well lit here, and police frequent this neighborhood. Those are the deterrents, the lock, merely a hindrance.”
rests between Boyle’s
Sophy Kratides steps out on cue.
I blush thinking about John helping me. He doesn’t blush at all. In fact, he appears very ... enthusiastic. He’s herding me across the room and through the bathroom doors.
“From what I hear, he’s an enigma in the department. His degree isn’t in behavioral psychology, but he wrote a brilliant paper on false memory that caught Professor Doyle’s interest.”
“Potatoes,” I say.
“Do you love him?”
Finally, Sherlock turns. "In his head."
He looks at his younger brother closely as Sherlock stands slowly with the cat in his arms.
“I think we can safely say there’s no bugs in this room,” John says, shoving the magazine back under the mattress.
“Then forewarned is forearmed. Get the rope and the rifle,” John said. “I’ll get the Colt. Like it or not, we’re going out. And don’t try to tell me you didn’t plan on doing this. Why the hell else would you have cut up the rope?”
"It hardly matters if Moriarty is Jack the Ripper," John said to his immobile roommate.
“Probably.” She leaned across the desk and brushed her finger against his jacket. “You  are drenched. Take off that jacket, and I’ll hang it up back here.”
"If I do that, he'll tell John." Her voice is firm, determined. "I can't allow that. You can't stop me."
“No, I deduced it. I know you were there. You hit me, didn't you? But the rest you witnessed today, of course was an act. A stellar performance. I could win, what did they used to call it? The academy award?”
His cell is still buzzing as he gets out.
"Keep it. It's on Mycroft." His eyes grew wide. "And you ordered crisps. I love crisps. Much better than those Pringles."
Once on Sully Island, you have to either return quickly within three hours or wait six hours for the causeway to appear like magic. And it was a magical twelve hour cycle for him as a boy. Also dangerous. The tide comes in so fast! He recalls racing one day on the slippery rocks before the sea almost took him.
“John, you’ve always had over-high expectations when it comes to others,” she says. "But you friend hasn't much time. Care to say goodbye?"
Sherlock ignores her although part of him hopes John wants him back. Hopes it's true.
It was like Sherlock Holmes was from another planet. It went completely over his head that this Molly was making a huge pass at him.
During those weeks, my sister opened up to me. The time I spent with my sister, I remained hopeful. I was also very careful. I went to her to help myself heal but also to help her. I thought I had reached her. I know she had helped me understand a part of my past that I never knew existed. Even with all she destroyed, there was a part of her that longed to be loved. I felt it as we played the violin together, and I read to her stories from our childhood and poetry. Yes, one of the poems was this one by Millay. She’d asked me to read it to her. I’d also read
,” Sherlock heard John say under his breath.
He’s still shaking from the dream, wondering what it could mean, fearing what it could mean. John wanted him here to help keep him safe. Maybe someone should keep John safe from him.
They drag me up on my feet so I can see my fate. There’s no need for lights, although one of them flips them on anyway for effect. Two large docks are at the end of the warehouse. The mighty Thames slaps quietly against the pillings. While the doors might not be well-maintained, the docks look to be in good repair. It’s a sunny day. The perfect day for a walk in Regent Park. Not doing that today. There’s something more pressing for me today.
"That's Sherlock."
It aches and feels good all at once. He’s only done this a few times in his life. Much was a blur and none ever mattered. Maybe that was part of his panic— that this was finally it. What he’d never had, and never thought he’d ever want until John.
“Holy Nightmare!” John gasps. “I'm being flashed by Batman!”
the sounds of his pleasure. All he can think about are Sherlock's slender fingers on his cock and where else he might put them. John turns his head and looks into the depths of Sherlock's eyes. God, can he tell what he wants?
. He opens his mouth as if to say something, but nothing comes out. We stand silently until he clears his throat.
your name?” I ask. It’s the one detail I do need to know. Despite his present attire, I do know that he is single, is a systems analyst at Barclays Bank, owns a golden retriever, and lives in a flat in West London.
John inched his way across the room to the bed. He slung off his coat and tossed it at the bottom. Sherlock was tempted to pick it up for him, but that might be too much.
Sherlock leaned back on the bed and looked up at John, who licked his lips as he looked directly at Sherlock's mouth
“He’s one of those who did,” Sherlock says, crossing his arms.
"And Irene Adler. Mycroft thought it best I not do it alone. Well, he was afraid she'd shoot me. I usually ignore his suggestions, but Irene agreed that it was best we should meet her from a position of strength."
Sherlock touches his cell, then reaches for the folder instead. As he flips over each page, another body is revealed. Each either Sherlock’s victims or Sherlock's cases. Autopsies, evidence, notes, illustrations. And photographs. Unrecognizable bodies surgically cut apart, piece by piece. Dissected.
They walked to the door. “At least it’s not raining,” John said.
"You knew," Sherlock said simply.
As Sherlock sits back on his haunches looking down at him, John does beg. They’re both naked and hard and needy. Then the wanker thrusts his knees under John’s thighs and pushes John’s hips up off the mattress, making John groan in anticipation. Sherlock’s eyes alight as he smiles down and lowers himself skin-to-skin, aligning them. John curls his legs up as Sherlock grinds cock against cock.
on her premises,” Mycroft says to John.
, was originally produced and starred Allen Funt. The show was the first of the hidden camera pranks prevalent on television today. The original show concealed cameras and filmed everyday people in unusual situations, often with a gimmicky trick or props. When revealed, the victims were told the show's catchphrase, "Smile, you're on Candid Camera." The show often played its hidden-camera pranks on celebrities, which made for more entertainment.
“You’re a bloody wonder. Of course I will.”
“You’ll be happy to know I did a bit of research myself,” John says, and brushes against Sherlock. It feels nice. Comfortable. “I read that the island was sold some years back to a private owner. Some mysterious sailing enthusiast who wanted to preserve the island.”
“I’m impersonating one of my past assistants. He was a kindly gentleman— too, too good for this world. These were his clothes.” Mycroft wrinkles his nose. “In these trying times, I am afraid we all must make sacrifices. Speaking of sacrifices, I see
John stared at him. "How did you know?" he asked.
"I can't," I gasp. "I can't, Peeler."
It's then the John becomes certain. He is in love with Sherlock Holmes.
Molly returns and brings him out of his fantasies. She takes one look at the body and exclaims, “Sherlock, come here! This is not a heart attack.”
"I'm headed back to my dorm. Where you going?"
John sighed.
“X marks the spot, I suspect,” John comments.
Why did there have to be complications? He could sleep with his roommate. After all, Watson was looking for anonymous sex. He'd obviously enjoyed it from what Sherlock detected in the far-off look in John's eyes.
“I didn’t understand why I ever doubted your opinion of the assistant professor Moriarty,” John said, looking at the note. “The man is oily.”
Sherlock nods and nibbles his bottom lip. “I trust you, John. Hope you know that.”
To punctuate his point, he slams my head into the stucco wall behind me. Curiously, the force of the blow sharpens my thinking, not clouds it.
There. That couple. They pointed at him and laughed! People
Not that this was much better.
"It was a surprise to him, especially since he was your lover."
The video ends. John feels bereft. The woman he saw wasn't the Mary he knew. Not a woman who'd do—what? Plan to murder his best friend but wait until after the wedding and Sherlock's usefulness to her is gone?
From one of the inside stalls, he heard a man cough and flush for the third time. A clattering. A pen rolled from under the door. Footsteps shuffled inside the stall. Sherlock shut off the water.
“I’m no genetics researcher, but isn’t it near impossible to pinpoint positively what genes are selected when it comes to something like this?” John asks. “Genes vary from one individual to the next.”
John has always wanted to swim in the altogether. If there would ever be a time to do it unobserved, this is it. It's mid-day when he finally strips off his shorts and tank top to cautiously enter the lagoon. It cools his sunburn, soothes the itch from the mosquito bites. The fish swim around him, unafraid in the pristine water. John can't help but be in awe of it all. This is truly a paradise, albeit a lonely one.
"I know him." Sherlock's eyes narrowed, and he was no longer leaning forward. His spine was stiff and straight and the cards he'd been shuffling had frozen in his hands.
“We need two rooms,” John stresses.
"Nothing and everything."
We landed with the sky painted bright orange, and I shaded my eyes from the glare of the sun's last burning rays. I gave the pilot a crisp salute goodbye and jumped out, ducking under the whirling blade as we sprinted across the billowing grass. As it took off, the long shadow of the chopper distorted into a gigantic dragon. What? Did Sherlock drag me out to the country to battle Smaug? I think the day was getting to me. Halloween always seems to do that.
The stall door banged shut behind him as he left. A tall man looked at him from in front of a sink at the end.
I won't change it. I've used my power in the past on suppressants, but without them? I could do the unimaginable. I believed I could do anything. I tried to bring my mum back from death, and in doing that, I threw one brother into oblivion and lost my arm. In the end, my arrogance cost my family our home and my freedom.
“My, my. That is what I love about you, so full of surprises.” James brushed off his suit-jacket sleeve, then glanced at his watch.
Sherlock Holmes' teeth were small and white and slightly askew, but they didn't protrude and they fit his face nicely. Right now they were being ground together inside of his mouth. He could feel them, tiny peaks and valleys rumbling and sliding against each other, casting sparks like flint against steel. Cold. Metallic. His jaw, riveted to the rest of his face. Aluminum and iron, nickel and tin.
Well, yeah, John thought.  It kind of did.
"The tree, the Christmas tree.  It's usually right there," the detective said peevishly, pointing to the corner.  He looked expectantly over to John, shadows of flames from the fireplace licking over his features.
John's lips tightened into a line.  "You're not coming out.  If you have a sit you can have it in here."
Sherlock looked amused.  "Crystal."
"Stop smiling," he barked at Mary, then stalked off in the other direction.
He had a bit of trouble washing up. His hands were still tingling.
Maybe John needed a case to have a reason to spend time with Sherlock. Perhaps Sherlock on his own didn't hold his interest.
"Yes, well.  Being your doctor has to have some perks, right?"  He ran a hand gently along his partner's injured side.  No blood on the bandages, that was good.  "Could you maybe stand so we can get your trousers off?"
"Would it kill anyone to keep things orderly around here?" he muttered under his breath, but in the end he didn't really mind because white lights gave off a better glow than coloured did anyhow.  It was too late to put them on the tree so Sherlock demanded they be strung from the fireplace.  John plugged them in and looked to Sherlock.  He was smiling with satisfaction, the glow reflecting in his eyes.
Sherlock knew he wasn't a good man, and as a result sometimes being selfless felt more like a charade than a noble cause.
John sighs. “Okay. We don’t know each other, but I do remember you pulling me on to the roof. So no, I didn’t repay that by knocking you on the head.” He reaches out with the tablet and sees the man flinch, very slightly. Maybe not so confident. “You did injure your head, though.”
“So, you saved lives. Brought people to justice. And along the way, you hurt a few people’s feelings. Boohoo! Small price, I’d say.”
“You need treatment. You need to sleep with your head elevated, so leave the bed in the position that it’s in. And stay in it unless you need to use the loo. I’ll need to take you off the morphine, but we’ll give you something else for the pain. The IV needs to remain in for now, so no more pulling it out.  We need it to treat the edema. You’re also dehydrated and malnourished. But you can read your own bloody charts, can’t you? While I do have a lot more questions for you, I’ll ask one more, then we’ll let you rest. It’s really something I need to know.. Why’d you run?”
But Mycroft never gets out his last words. John sees red. His heart pounds.
“Austrian ballet? What were you doing that you needed to become part of a ballet company?”
“Sure.”
"Right,” John says. “Please stop.”
John feels as if he's been kidnapped by idiots. Is this how Sherlock feels about the criminal classes all the time? Which makes him, what? A bigger idiot? As Captain Obvious unties him, she yells for someone to come clean up John's mess. That finished, she turns to leave.
“Oh, and he said to tell you to bring the soup and crackers since he doesn’t have those. He also said something about cigarettes. I wasn’t sure if you had any of them on hand, so I picked them up for you. They’re all in the knapsack behind the seat.”
“Give me the letter,” I say.
“I think your men should have him about....now!” Sherlock says. From the outside a loud report of a gun, then shouting. A moment later, Mycroft and two of his cronies are lead inside, guns pointed at their heads.”
"So I've been told." Sherlock let the corner of his mouth turn up. John was blushing beneath his scruffy stubble. It was a look Sherlock enjoyed.
Sherlock was home and John wasn’t. Not that he expected John to come back. Sherlock knew he had to at some point. He didn’t have anywhere to stay on campus.
“I don’t understand.”
"I already have."
At first Sherlock had seemed unsurprised regarding John's work study job with professor Doyle.
William leans on him a bit as they climb back up the steps. Somehow they manage to make it back to his room without too much attention. He does have a nice bum.
“That is horrific.” John keeps his face stoic.
Later that night, alone in his room, Sherlock spun it all over in his mind. This was a perfect solution for him. He'd never have to know the person he chose. He could get off without any complications, without messy human emotions getting in the way.
In answer, Sherlock's fingers move between his legs and brush over his pucker. John groans, "Yes" as he ruts against John's thigh and moans.
“That’s not true. I know you’re a good person. I don’t understand what makes you believe you aren’t.”
“But you suggested something more sinister.”
"That was uncalled-for," he says. "What's this about?"
“Please mate, I'm desperate for a piss, just let me use the toilet, and I won't touch nuttin' else," he pleads.
“Ah, I’ve told you before, we can’t take them home,” says John, but she’s pointing at the swans.
“You are fortunate, John.”
It had all started out with a few doubts. Doubts, doubts, doubts. He never had had doubts before John Watson. Not many, anyway. At least not as many as he had now.
“Any time,” she said. She scribbled down her phone number and handed it to him.
They go downstairs. John pulls out the game from the closet and sets it out neatly on the table. “Which piece do you want to be?”
“Rosie went to bed without a problem?” He takes off his jacket and hangs it up.
have a choice.”
“And when will that be? It’s not like I can just walk out of here into civilization. I don’t know how I could do much else.”
“Please!” she says. “I’d rather not know.”
"Yes, but we needed to avoid the sensitive wildlife area. We promised not to go within 30 meters of it."
And the sea will tell,
“Not so at ours. With no resistance, thieves had pilfered our labs and estate. What I came home to was all but abandoned. My first duty when I arrived was to secure what I could of what was left. I managed to resurrect a few of the generators and put my talents to the test as an alchemist to deflect further theft while I also continued work in the labs to find a new serum to stave off my scent.”
"Mummy had me take lessons, and I loved to dance from the start," Sherlock says. "Although not so much with my cousin, Elizabeth at Christmas. She was such a bore."
, John thinks.
He begins to believe that Sherlock might indeed be behind it all: he's never cared much for physical amenities.
“Yeah, it’s typical Michigan weather. If you don’t like it, wait five minutes.”
It’s a poem. Not a riddle, not a puzzle. I read it aloud for John to hear:
Sherlock turned and gave me a wink before he stepped through and disappeared between the cloudy plastic strips that kept the cold inside. I followed, dodging the strips, but the long, cold sheets of plastic smacked me in the face.
“What? ‘It pays to enrich your word power’ or ‘Humor in Uniform’?”
"It means I'm truly sorry that it had to happen this way. I had no choice." He scratched his head. "I have some water left in my camp. I brought a few in my knapsack."
“I thought as much. I need to know the whole story. There’s already so much misinformation about how the epidemic started, and Sophy Kratides and her cohorts are part of feeding this false information to what’s left of the press.”
“Yes, call Lestrade,” he says and slips the note into his pocket.
Markham crosses his thick thighs and stares at John as if he’s the biggest idiot to walk the earth.
“Put your feet in the …” says the accomplice.
“Explains our missing Triptan,” Molly says, crossing her arms. “Also, I see you’re on morphine. And that you’re a past user who tried to hide his habit. Look at his feet.”
At least the sink had running water. He filled the old chipped enamel kettle with the water, then set it aside to strike a match to light the temperamental propane stove. He wouldn’t miss this at all, he thought, setting the kettle on for a cup of tea.
"Really, John? We don't have to pretend. Not ever again. Shower?"
John gathers himself. John loves the wait, but he needs release.
Mary shook her head, pulling a pad and pen from her coat pocket. “The poor dog drowned,” Mary continued. “Sherlock does that, unintentionally or not, he destroys what he cares for most. He may speak of you with the same reverence, but you should be wary of him. You should heed my warning or you will meet the same fate as poor Redbeard. That bomb, for instance …”
John raced into the house and into the den. His hands shook as he unlocked the gun case. He used to trap shoot on weekends and was pretty good, but with his shoulder, there was no way he could shoot the shotgun now. But he also had his father’s old Colt. That he could shoot. He used the pistol plenty of times with his sister at the firing range in Jackson. His mom hated the thing and almost pawned it off last year, but Harry wouldn’t let her.
“You, of all people, understand a person cannot jump in front of a bullet,” she says. “I knew exactly who I intended to kill.”
Redbeard was almost as big as Sherlock, but he didn't mind the weight or the sloppy kisses licking the tears from his face or Redbeard's wet tail slapping his legs.
I could have stopped it. I knew Mary was dangerous. Time slowed as Mary raised the gun, aimed at my chest, but then John stepped between us. I threw out my arm to push him out of the way, but it was too late. She fired and placed the bullet meant for me through his heart. Frantically I put pressure on the chest wound, breathed air into his collapsed lung, and between gasps I begged Mary to call for an ambulance.
One bastard did give him a black eye. He was a big, whiskery trucker in a stained red flannel shirt who didn't appreciate being called out for fucking two of the waitresses. He probably wouldn't have hit Sherlock if he hadn't given the waitresses the same note.
John pinches his nose and sighs. “I suppose you
Did you wear protection? Did you even think about diseases? Gonorrhea? Syphilis? But of course Sherlock knew he was the man's first. Every cell in Sherlock's body knew it was. And after he came to know John Watson, all doubt was removed. He was his first. It was completely obvious.
“I’ll have Simon take your bags to your room,” she says, and turns to John, hugging him with almost the same enthusiasm. “Thank you for bringing my sons home to me.”
“He a bloody genius. That’s the only reason why he’d quote Robert Louis Stevenson. The git knew I might be listening.”
John waited for me to come back alive, and when I did, he was angry about it.
“You’re sayin’ that he was going to torture me?”
“You know that evidence I said I hid?”
“She had said the boyfriend wrote it.”
“Uh-huh, wallpaper.”
“I did not, but I did draw his bath.”
, Sherlock thinks.
“I thought we agreed you wouldn’t come back here,” she says.
This morning I woke up to Blackbeard with his motor on high, ramming his head into mine. He usually kips in Sherlock’s room, meaning Sherlock didn’t budge when the cat yowled in his bloody ears. When his master didn’t wake, the cat came into mine to roust me. I most probably can get rid of my alarm clock since he’s loud enough to wake Mrs. Hudson in the flat below. Not that I think Mrs. Hudson would mind at all. She’s already bringing Blackbeard tuna on a platter like he’s the King not the bloody pirate he is. Six in the morning is not what I think is a grand time for breakfast. Blackbeard’s just as demanding as his master. Although compared to the other Holmes’ brother, Sherlock is the Mother Teresa of thoughtfulness.
Then the dot doesn’t move. At all.
“That’s more like my little brother. Next you’ll be poking at me about my weight and eating cake.”
He waits until later that night. He expected them to lock his door. It is. He also expected them to guard him. They have. He doubts they expect him to climb four stories out the window and come back inside. He does.
, the associate professor."
.” He breezed by Sherlock and continued to the bed. “
I believe John is right. I feel a bit overwhelmed with this idea of Mycroft reading the bedtime story tonight.
"No, you don't," John agreed. He didn't. He was rather creepy, but harmless looking.
“Millay was also bisexual,” I say, “but that is irrelevant.”
“He did. What did he say?”
“But now?”
, John thought.
“It was your bloody jumper that put him on me,” Sherlock says.
She doesn’t become angry, but the driver does.
"There are always other solutions," Adler says. "Go to Sherlock. Explain the situation."
“I don’t see that any of that’s necessary.”
Frankenstein."
John closes his eyes, his own hand refusing to lift from his lap. He can't seem to will it to take the device. Sherlock's shaking hand holds it for him.
I almost blurt out excuses, but I stifle myself. There have been so many times I’ve ignored his words, made off-hand remarks to keep him from knowing how I feel or have been insensitive to his feelings. I’ve ignored him. I’ve even replaced him with a balloon. That is why I wait now. No ignoring, I need to listen because John needs to speak.
John fits, and Sherlock lets go so John can tear his undershirt off over his head. John removes his pants just as fast.
He's still uncertain who is behind his kidnapping until daisy tattoo comes into John's cabin with his dinner (that he won't keep down)(again).
“Beca Bellin.”
“Must we?” This isn’t just a talk about them. Sherlock would much prefer that.
"Everything all right? You seem a bit…"
He opened the cupboard, taking out the jar of Nescafe and placing it on the counter.
"I shall try my best to do it."
“Bye, John.”
“Here, let me do that before you turn him into a human pincushion.” As she gets his IV started, she looks down at the stranger in the bed. “Listen. I know you don’t have any reason to trust us or for us to trust you, but you need understand that we’re doctors and above anything else the patient comes first,” Molly says. “The most important thing to us is your health and welfare.”
“Hot!” he yelped. He still managed not to drop the pot despite the throbbing pain. “I think the bottom is only scorched. It should still be edible.”
After his experience with Sherlock with his big joint and his hand on his knee, he had decided to hide out in his room.
"What? Not as interesting as that
“No need for that, Doctor Watson,” a man’s voice comes from the right. He steps out from behind an old police box.
“And you got out with ease. Sherlock, you know I need to keep an eye on you. You’re a dangerous and valuable man. I need to know where you’re at all times. Also, before visiting Lord Blackwood, I’d change— you need to look less like a homeless person and more of someone of merit. Wear some of the clothes I brought back for you from your old flat in London.”
Or that night. He couldn't stop the thoughts in the back of his brain.
“Alright … if you say you are,” John smirks and looks back to the job at hand. “The window is even repurposed. Isn’t that what they call it now? You can tell it’s old from the bubbles in the glass and it sort of bends. But I’m sure you know all that, being that you help pick it all out. Just that it’s something that keeps the place a lot like it was before.”
“I will always blame myself for hurting you,” John whispers.
As Sherlock helps John stand on shaky feet, John looks at Sherlock closely.
“By the way, John, you have toothpaste on your chin,” she said. She reached out and rubbed it off his face.
“John, I love you.”
There are moments where I can pack the pain into a box and wrap it tight, but the pain that's spread throughout my body oozes out from between the wrapped folds. I find no peace in my mind palace. The pain follows me. It's odd but the only moments when I feel it abate is when I hear the bump and drag of the doctor with his cane as he comes to check on me.
"I knew you’d completely ignore my warning. Well?" Sherlock asked. He took a cautious bite, then another, groaning all the while.
John’s laughter echoes in the stairwell. I blink at them both.
“I have a repeating dream that I’m on a glass mountain, and people are throwing pickles at me. There’s nothing metaphorical in that.”
“Yeah, well do you seriously think that entering that key code would have detonated it?”
Forgive me for the harsh words I've said and may say again. I may not be good at speaking words of love, but know that my heart is yours alone. It took me far too long to realize that there is no one on this earth for me but you. You are in my thoughts, my dreams. You are my life. If sweet words should ever fail me, know you are and always will be my Sherlock.
Will wrinkles his nose. "Likely whatever was used to speed up absorption of the sedative."
John's family didn't have much. They once did. John liked to reminisce about those times when his family was the cliché of The American Dream with the white picket fence, two kids, two cars, and a dog. It was John's once-upon-a-time to relive in his head. The older he got, the further he was from this past life, the more it became just a fairy tale.
John thinks of what he wants at this moment. He wants them both: William and Sherlock. He wants the man who calls himself Sherlock to find himself and happiness. John hoped he might be part of that happiness.
After he's removed the tape from John's bandages, Sherlock delicately lifts the gauze and dabs the antibiotic ointment with care onto the wounds. It's all healing well thanks to Sherlock's ministrations. Finally Sherlock lays down fresh sterile gauze and tapes it securely to John's leg. His fingers caress and linger longer than necessary. Their eyes meet. The green in Sherlock's irises swims and swirls like the water in the emerald lagoon. John is lost, and he wants so much to be found.
“My brother was never the type of person to get close to others,” Mycroft says quietly. “What is it about you, Dr. Watson? What mysterious fabric are you made from that Sherlock prizes? More than that, you’ve become requisite for him. Therefore, to keep him safe, I must trust you to care for him. In turn, you must care for yourself. Please do a better job in the future and do not get shot again.”
"What do you play?" John asked. He hadn't recalled seeing any instrument about.
"It's not far, now. We should have walked along the shore of the lagoon, though. It's easier going."
I follow him into the living room. John sits down heavily in his chair. I take a seat on the sofa and lean forward, waiting for John to begin.
When John had spoken that name, Sherlock's first instinct had been to flee the room. But he stood fast against his fear that James Moriarty was
His bare feet feel cool against the wood on floor as he dresses. His hand grasps the railing as he races down the stairs and out the door. He pushes Sherlock’s number on his mobile for the third time.
You can’t trust anyone over thirty.
“Memory returned? I don’t suppose you care to share.”
He may not have arranged the housing, but he took advantage of the situation. Or maybe he had arranged it all.
“He’s off to finagle food from Mrs. Hudson. Much like you do when you stop by,” Sherlock says. “Have you put on a stone or is that the disguise you’re wearing?”
“That it is.” He stands and walks over to a bench filled with Chinese hibiscus. Bees buzz around large red and lavender blooms. “Here.” He reaches down next to the bench and picks up a small, white button, then holds it out for John to see.
He listens in as Sophy and Sherlock talk about a Lord Blackwood. He sits up in his seat as he realizes the gravity of the conversation. Sherlock repeats what Sophy has said, that Lord Blackwood is linked to the serial killings. Sophy replies that she wants to know positively that Blackwood is the one framing her.
?” the woman says. She dresses with extreme care: hair coiffed neatly, nails recently trimmed and painted, her makeup understated. She places the cell in her hand under the counter in an effort to appear as if it’s remove the distraction, but really it’s from observer’s eyes.
"You have a girlfriend?"
John sipped his tea, aimlessly googling as the occupier of his thoughts slept away fatigue in the bedroom down the hallway.  It suddenly occurred to him how cold and dark the flat was but he kind of liked it that way.  It was easier to brood.
Sherlock doesn't argue with that, but looks at him for a long minute.  It's not enough, this bathing thing.  He has to show John what he means to him.  Has to show himself.
"I love you."  They were out now.  He couldn't shovel them back in.  They broke free of John's mouth and bridged the gap to Sherlock's soul.
.  The first time John had experienced that, Sherlock's tight arse spasming around John's sizeable cock... John came so hard he actually drooled on Sherlock's back, much to his humiliation.  It was that good.  Luckily for him, Sherlock wasn't much of a person to be bothered by bodily fluids in general.
But oh, if he could just see John smile once again. If he could see that beautiful face light up with a smile and know that he, Sherlock, was the one who put it there.
"Sherlock," John reminds him gently, "I'm okay."
, John would either not understand, which would be painful, or crack a joke, which would be even more painful.
"You shouldn't have lied to me."
He didn't understand where it all went wrong. He was doing the selfless thing, no self involved. So why did the self hurt so much? Wasn't being selfless supposed to make the self feel better?
"No!!  God, it's like talking to a child!"
Sherlock's gaze lingered a moment longer before his attention snapped back to his laptop, fingers
"Absolutely not.  It's Christmas.  I'm not spending it cooped up in my room."  Sherlock's face screwed up with derision, as though staying in bed to recuperate was the most absurd idea he'd ever heard.
The corners of Sherlock's mouth quirked up softly before he turned his head away again so John could resume petting his hair.
He picked up his phone and scrolled through the texts. The last thing he texted John was a hatefully desperate-sounding
Sherlock hadn't been in touch with John for over three weeks. They had texted a few times, kicking around plans that had never solidified. It didn't help that there wasn't much action on the consulting detective front lately, either.
"You were shot, you arse.  You're not going to be back up on your feet in less than a week.  And," John reiterated, brandishing his finger at his companion, "don't think for one minute that just because you're home you're in any condition to be out gallivanting about.  Bed rest for you for a solid week at least, maybe two, depending."
John was now face-to-face (or face-to-arse, as it were) with a naked, twitching arsehole.
Sherlock had never quite felt so torn in his life.
Just like Sherlock.
The Tin Man. Born without a heart only to miraculously be rewarded one as a consolation prize.
he thinks.  In the time that they'd been romantically linked, John has learned a few things, and one of them is that any threat to John pushes Sherlock from everyday insecurity over the threshold into a bit jealous and sometimes possessive behaviour.  One time several months ago John was kidnapped for a few hours, emerging a bit shaken up but otherwise no worse for the wear, and he couldn't get Sherlock off of him for days.  He didn't sleep the entire night afterward because Sherlock wouldn't let him.
John smiled.
John half-smiled.  "What made you decide to get that?"
John didn't really think much more of it until later that week.  The two of them were laying on their bed in Sherlock's room, making out quite merrily.  Sherlock was luxuriating under the heft of John's weight, soaking up every touch like a spoiled young prince.  Sherlock's throat vibrated under John's lips as he sighed into the touch.  John worked his way back up to Sherlock's lovely mouth, kissing the other man deeply, completely, lingering as long as he dared.  Sherlock's dress shirt was unbuttoned and John nibbled at sweet little chest hairs, sparse as they were.  Sherlock fairly giggled as John worked his way down the taller man's body, dipping his tongue into the pucker of bellybutton before tonguing the heavy length of him through his trousers.
John released Sherlock's calf and reached down into his own pants to pull at his own deprived cock; God, he was so ready come...
" as he gently but firmly held the back of John's head, inching his pelvis up to seek more contact.
"If you were worried," John clarified.
This was going pretty well, so far. Sherlock knew in his heart of hearts that this was going against being
"That's a normal feeling to have this time of year I suppose.  Did you have a lot of happy Christmases as a child?"
...it felt... right. Very painful, but very right.
"I'm your... best friend?"
John is completely awake now.  He straightens up just a bit.
"And this is not behaving!"
And like that, with
John had resorted to playing Seven Degrees of Wikipedia when his mobile lit up with a text.
"I haven't much need for anything anymore."
"'The soldier.'"
John chuckled.  "Nothing but an overgrown child."  He removed Sherlock's coat and unbuttoned the untucked dress shirt he was wearing.  The body underneath was frightfully thin.  It always tugged at John's heartstrings to see how little Sherlock regarded his own basic well-being.  "Looks like we're going to be eating a lot for Christmas."
Once Sherlock has cleaned John's body to his liking, John figures they're through.  He steels himself to get out of the warmth of the bath, ready to endure the chill until he gets ahold of his dressing gown.  But to his surprise, Sherlock reaches for a cloth on the rack above the tub and wets it with a little soap, wringing out the excess moisture before coming for John's face.  Of course a man with an eye for extreme detail like Sherlock wouldn't let John's face go untouched.
Dropping to his knees, he heard John’s cry.
Sherlock couldn't deduce him. His eyes skittered around the room and then back to his blond doctor. "I look?"
Sherlock has propped his partner up on the sofa with great care, pulling the coffee table closer so John has somewhere to rest his swollen ankle.  John had caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror as he shuffled into the flat, Sherlock helping him up the stairs, stooped to accommodate his arm around his long neck.  Even from across the room, John could see the ligature marks around his own neck.  He doesn't relish the thought of seeing them up close.  The sensitive area of his neck, right under his jaw, is still throbbing pretty badly.  His voice is hoarse and strained, although breathing is much easier than it had been even an hour ago.  He is sore, and exhausted, but he is home with Sherlock now.
~~~~~
"First of all, never say the word 'manscaping' again.  Second of all... why do you ask?"
"John," Sherlock says again, closing his eyes and furrowing his brows deeply, as if he is saying something painful.  "I wish to bathe you this evening."
The clock struck twelve.
John slid his hand down to cup Sherlock's jaw, holding his medicated head steady.  He returned the gaze of the man who meant more to him than anything else possibly could and saw only a brilliant child with a fear of being abandoned.
feverishly over the keys.
"Me?  No, I've never done that."
"I wish I had known you as a child," he said before he realized it.  Sherlock slowly turned his head to peer up at him.
"About
John's plate, which had been hovering near his mouth this whole time, slowly sank back down into his lap, punctured toast and all.
"Oh, alright.  Just, quit being so whiney would you?  Like a damned child."
"Let me help you.  You're going to hurt yourself, you twat," he scolded gently as they took the next step together.
"Hmm?" John forces out, dragging his eyelids open.
The clock on the mantle makes itself known, a soothing presence of ambient noise.  Calm, reliable, steady.  After pulling his chair to face the sofa, Sherlock sits down, his face whitewashed with agitation.  His mercurial eyes pierce John from five feet away, his expression is still stricken.
"John..." And now, he was rendered speechless, like some ingénue.  Hate.
John grabbed the bottle out of the brown bag on the table and doled out the right amount.  He didn't bring it up, but he didn't trust Sherlock to handle the pills himself.  Supervision was necessary, as always with his friend.  He fed Sherlock the pill and helped him with a glass of water, a few droplets trailing down the exposed neck of the detective, who wiped them away with a heavy hand.
"Mmm.  Basic human decency?" John tweaked as he puffed up a pillow.
"To be honest, I'd loved to have gone further, but... I thought no, this is special. Let's take it slowly."
"My violin."
"Yeah," John said brightly. "You'll have to help me pick out one like it for the wedding."
Sherlock's heart sped up.
"Yes I am. Me and Janine."
... who did?"
Now, clad in his pajamas and dressing gown, hair a ruffled mess, Sherlock crouched over the small Pandora's Box and lifted the latch. After rummaging around through the various papers and mementos tucked away inside, he finally found what he sought: a piece of staff paper, filled three-quarters of the way down with handwritten musical notes, titled
Of course John didn' t know how to waltz. Glaringly obvious, but Sherlock had been so preoccupied recently that he hadn't thought of it. He was going to go up there and make a fool of himself and his new wife in front of everyone.
"When did these damn stairs get so big?" Sherlock began before losing wind.
, Sherlock had begun to help John and Mary plan the wedding. Mary's bridesmaids had proven to be quite uninvolved, which was just as well, because Sherlock had found the planning process to be quite enjoyable once he had been able to compartmentalize it from his feelings. As anyone who was close to him could tell, Sherlock was a man of details, and details at a wedding are everything. He was actually... dare he say it... having
, this part of the song, Sherlock was asbestos, heat-resistant and natural, and John was ripping him out in great handfuls, the shimmering fibres flying and twisting into the atmosphere where they'd be vaporised by John's heat. He could see himself in his mind's eye, floating, free-falling at John's mercy. Sherlock was dust, great big gobs of messy dust, a thick layer over everything, and John was walking by, stirring him up so that the particles danced and twirled in the sunlight John cast.
Sherlock doesn’t like or trust Helena Smith, but more and more of what she’s told him makes sense. She has her own agenda, but that doesn’t negate her message. John asked have Lestrade check her out thoroughly. She seemed to be who she said she was, and the documentation seemed authentic. Yet there were details that weren’t right about her.
He flopped back down into the mattress, staring straight up at the top of the bunk. He supposed he could try some of that yoga shit his mom yapped on and on at him about. He tried to will the tension from his limbs. Last night they'd had sex right where he was lying. Sherlock had been spread out under him. He swallowed hard thinking about it, then closed his eyes. Not working! Although it was a huge step for him to admit he wanted Sherlock—that he wanted it to happen again and again—it was making him more tense, not less.
I want more than holding hands, although it’s a beginning. I hold on for something more and will not let go until John does. He is the one word, the one person whose commands I obey.
“Yes,” John says. “And he’s hungry. We better feed him, or we’ll not get a piece.”
Blackbeard makes himself at home in John’s chair while John slides out his laptop. They sit down on the couch side by side. Sherlock reads the papers, then hands them to John.
“My little brother has been in much worse places and in much worse condition,” Mycroft says.
“Ahh, yes, and which needle is it?” Mycroft says. “The Black Death was a form of natural selection. Beneficial genetic versions persist of the Black Plague. I’m sure you both understand the implications of those statements in contrast to Pandora. Other versions of the Black Plague tend to disappear as those carrying them died.”
Sherlock followed a safe distance behind. His blond-streaked hair obscured his face, and the dragging hems of the man's jeans scuffed across the sidewalk as he rushed to his car.
“If you care about Sherlock, really care, you wouldn’t put his health at risk.”
They step into the clearing around the airstrip. The vista of the Pacific with the rich navy blues and turquoise of the reef makes John feel like a speck against its majesty. He thrusts his hands into the pockets of his khaki swim trunks and sighs.
John looked down. “Sherlock?” He should be panicking, but he felt like a bowl of spaghetti. “He didn’t,” he said.
One second later, the shrill ring of the phone made Sherlock wonder if Mycroft was somehow watching. He detested answering it.
“A password?!” Will laughs and snaps his fingers. “I had it in two tries.”
He remembers John’s words: It’s all him, not some magic inside. “It’s the way you carry yourself, back ramrod straight, military stance. Your confidence, timber of your voice. Comfortable with giving and receiving orders. Old tan lines. Captain John Watson. As for your wound, you favor your shoulder, rub it at times.” He doesn’t tell him about the scar on his shoulder. “You also have a psychosomatic limp that pops up from time to time. You didn’t need that cane the day you chased me. Lately you haven’t used it much at all, bit of dust on the handle. And I do believe you’ll do without from now on.” Will winks at him. John gives him an odd look as he realizes he’s left it in the closet near Will’s attic.
“I will. After.” I don’t thank him. He’s part of the reason why. I stuff the mobile back in my coat pocket.
Greg leans against the table. “Find the crazy boss who wants his employees to dress the same.”
to a map of the island.
I have the need to impress him. I'm tired, but I can't help myself.
“Sorry. Habit.”
She turns to Sherlock. She hands the gun to Sherlock, almost thinks better of it, then does it. “Kill him,” she says.
One must start somewhere. A singularity and go backwards, vomiting up matter until pop! Here I am, a dying star assembling itself. Rewind the universe and turn a black hole to white.
“It could be far worse. You could be dead. John Watson could be dead or there could be bears.”
"Then you read it, but it's
“He,” she says, nodding in painful jerks at Sherlock, ”I begged him. In the end. He didn’t. Save her.”
There. That should shut John up. But it didn't.
your brother?” Markham asks.
“On the bed,” John says. Good. No more coddling. Sherlock obeys and crawls across. He stretches out on his back, flat on the bed. He tucks his arm under his head and watches John’s every movement.
Sherlock was almost positive he knew who John Watson was.
. How could you read it? it’s so faint. And a mirror image…how could you even...” John blinks tears back. He clears his throat and steps back as if to distance himself from the pain.
"Not entirely your secret to keep, John," she says. "I saw the MRI, too, you know. And I didn’t call ‘the police,’ I called Lestrade. And convinced him to come here rather than take him in for questioning. I think he takes our mystery man's accusation seriously."
"You and your brother snuck cigarettes? Together?" John laughed, turning the bottle in his hand. He set it down, then took another bite of pastrami. "Perfect."
Was this real? He slid, closer to the edge. What would he tell Sherlock, and what should he do? He inched back, but with every step, the ice splintered beneath his feet, the cracks expanding out. He could only relax when he got to his dorm. He will warn Sherlock then. What if Moriarty beat him back? What would he find? Sherlock hurt? Dead? Or …
When he'd seen that Hamish was not common at all. It was the same name as on the dog tags he'd found on the ground at the rest stop, that event had happened. It was him.
“You were right as always,” John says. “About how I feel. I’m just pants about talking about...feelings...”
I walk along the wall, hands feeling the rough texture of the unusual dry-wall pattern. It’s in geometric shapes in various sizes.
Sherlock loved every moment on this island. He expects he’ll love this trip the same. Sherlock doesn’t mind being marooned on the island for ten or twelve hours.
"You were our bloody wedding planner! Why do that if you felt she was a danger to me?"
----------
“Very private,” Sherlock says.
“You should do the same to your face,” John laughs. “I’m surprised no one else noticed you’d slipped out.”
“I’m sorry we shouldn’t be--” John bolts up.
“Or else I’d remember you’re the cause of my memory loss?”
Why did he even need a roommate? Sherlock supposed if he had to have one, it could have been far worse. He thumped around the room. John was in Biology. What a waste of a science class.
“If I could have saved my sister, I would have saved my sister,” Mycroft says flatly.
John read the note. "Thank you again. I'll call him as soon as I get back to my dorm."
Another beep. Another text message. A response. It simply says,
“This is humiliating and a long story,” he says.
John’s head popped up as another minion slid through the door. This one was roped up like a steer and pissed as hell, but otherwise looked unharmed.
"Resembool or Drachma?" I ask.
"I trust you have some explaining to do on your end. I will let you go. Goodbye for now, dear brother, and do be careful."
The messages are all from Sherlock, wondering where he is, why he’s not answering. The bloody git! He’s concerned. John knew it! He really didn’t want to leave.
“No, I don’t think so. I do see some of the appeal, but he’s so ordinary. Even his name.
“It has to be someone who knows Eurus,” John muses. “Someone who wants to mess with your head. You sure it’s not something to do with Moriarty or Moran?”
John slowed to let Molly catch up. He had to walk past the Chemistry building to get back to Baker Hall anyway.
“I was
He's not far from Regent's Park when a sleek, black Bentley pulls alongside to pace him. He's not surprised. Even Mycroft can't keep his bloody nose out of the wedding. Must he check on his every movement? John's shoulders tense and his gait becomes clipped. The car slows and maintains a distance of just a few feet. He feels like a bloody Push-Me-Pull-You torn both ways. He is as far from relaxed as a man could possibly be. Maybe he should really go off the deep end and chat up the waterfowl in the park.
William remembers all too well. “They took whatever valuables I had. Stripped me of my clothes and shoes. I was unconscious in an alley at the time. Only left my coat, and they only left that because I was laying on top of it. I made certain after that day to always pay attention to my surroundings and hid if I felt an inkling of migraine.”
“The cat. Mycroft. Both.”
He vividly recalled how Sherlock looked beneath him, his lips full and wet from John's kisses, his kaleidoscope eyes half-lidded and changing.
John takes the opportunity to turn the conversation away from his own muddled feelings. "Whoever's looking for him would probably think well of you. And if you're going to tick off Mark Pelham, you could use a friend in high places. You know people like that look out for their own. Would look good, you trying to return one of their prodigal sons to the fold."
“That’s it, isn’t it? What if I open this chest, and I still can’t remember? What if I do and I...”
Thank you everyone for reading and indulging me my final words. I appreciate all of you. In times like these, we need each other.
Despite driving in circles all over London, I deduce where we are going and let John know as much as possible while blind in a trunk and only able to tap on my mobile with one finger. The car stops and the boot pops open to the afternoon sun. I recognize where we are the moment my eyes adjust to the light.
I tried to scramble out of the boxes, but Sherlock had a tight hold on me with his Belstaff.
He bolted down the aisle and slipped into the seat next to her. He gasped out his relief. Thankfully John was now hidden in an enormous lecture hall—just one among over two hundred faceless students. At least John hoped he was faceless.
"Days and days ago. It was addressed to me." Sherlock hands him a bottle of water. "Drink."
She walks next to him, matching his stride. Mister Glaring Eyebrow takes John’s other side.
-------------------------
Of course he bloody passes out.
"I've been holding on to these memories, trying to piece them together, and they're all in
“You always check? Isn’t that a bit paranoid?” John scratches his chin. “After meeting your brother though, I see why you might be. Wait...that means he’s been listening to us.”
“I don’t think that’s an proper name for a cat,” Mycroft says.
“I think it's time to get out of here.” Sherlock slaps a mosquito. "The little bastards are even finding me in here."
John heard the concern in his voice. He almost believed, but he recalled another person just as convincing. He'd seen his own father swear that he never took the money from his mother’s purse. John would have believed him, too, if he hadn't seen his father take the money with his own eyes.
"They should," he says as he takes another sip.
“We’d had problems with looters and such things as trade espionage before, but our security was exemplary, an amalgamation of technology, manpower, and alchemy. I don’t know how it was for you in London, but in Grays, it became anarchy.”
“This is all that I hoped for and a day earlier than expected,” she says. “First, the justice of losing your memory, and who you are! Sherlock Holmes, the great detective! I only wish that would have happened to Mycroft, but we can’t have everything. I just knew I’d see you again, Mycroft. How long has it been?”
“Well, what was it?” Sarah asks breathlessly.
He works himself into such a state that Sherlock pulls back in alarm.
Sherlock awkwardly stood. What do you say to someone who has offered their own life to help you?
Out of sheer stubbornness, his mom kept the house from going into foreclosure. John and Harry did their best to help. John got his first job as a paperboy when times were good, delivering for the
"Is she yours?" He can't believe that's the first thing he's asking Sherlock. What does that say about him? That's he's more worried the possibility that Sherlock has a love child with Irene Adler than Mary's threats?
Mycroft gives John a concern frown. “The treasure chest?” he asks Sherlock, who nods back.
Not a great first impression, but since when did Sherlock care about those?
I decided I might as well join in with the whole Sherlock warming up program and began nipping at his long neck. Even with Sherlock's enthusiastic ministrations, my teeth began to chatter again.
Sherlock immediately noticed the bandages on John's knuckles. No other injuries were apparent although one of the knees of his jeans was torn. He'd fallen.
I think I’m lucky to have John Watson. And Molly. And Lestrade. Even my insufferable brother. We get out of the cab in front of 221B. Or rather, John gets out and I hop.
Sherlock shakes his head, eyes fixed on where the whale last dove. "All of those secrets. Do you know where he kept them? I of all people should have guessed."
“Thanks,” John said, and winked back.
“He’s out on an errand, but he’ll return in an hour or so. We’ll go then.”
“Watch Rosie.” His jaw is rigid, and his  fists clenched as he bounds up the stairs without so much as an answer from me.
“I remember.” Sherlock looks wistfully at the image before him. “How we’d play together, running on the shore or in the fields at our old home. The home that...”
“No … no joke … I am real, I am alive. I assure you that I am not a ghost.” Sherlock held the phone to his head as still as possible.
"He became so obsessed," James said, then moved the pen to his neck, where he began tapping it. "He followed me to my lectures, sent me notes and gifts. And I do blame myself to some degree for all this. I was interested in him in the very beginning. He is a true genius, and as I'm sure you've noticed, very attractive."
John frowned down at it. He shouldn’t have abused the phone, but according to Sherlock, this Mycroft asshole had paid for the phone and answering machine. At this moment, he didn't give one fuck if he broke the damn thing.
“I am fine.”
I probably sound happier than I should considering I didn't catch the guy. But it was the most exciting thing to happen to me since I moved to Cardiff. When I was thirteen I told my parents that I wanted an exciting life. Most of it has been the wrong kind of exciting. I probably shouldn't have survived being shot, I probably shouldn't have survived Pandora, but I did, I'm still here, and it was good to feel good about it for once. I went after the man like a bloody fool leaving Molly and Mike gobsmacked. I ached for some healthy excitement. Not death or blood or disease. As I ran through those streets and alleys, I thought the bloody git was good, but more than that, I was damn good too. I still don't know why he saved me. He didn't have to.
“We’re planning to visit there sometime this summer,” John adds.
"I should have known as soon as I saw that helicopter who was behind this. And you, Sherlock. Why would you do any sort of favour for your brother?"
He feels awkward hiding his bottle between his legs as two men paddle to the island.
to you, prisoner,” he huffs out.
Sherlock seems confused. “Sully?”
"You also assume that I care about that kind of drivel," Sherlock added.
<Set to Private>
Moriarty took a seat on the edge of the desk and picked up a pen. "I'm certain Sherlock had an elaborate explanation that was most convincing. Sherlock can be very persuasive." Moriarty closed his eyes and sighed deeply before opening them again. He held the pen in his hand and tapped it rhythmically against the hollow of his cheek. "I am not one to tell others of my personal life, but I'm speaking to you because I know that you are living with him, which makes me concerned for your well-being. I also do not want this to interfere with our working relationship."
It’s time to confirm what I already know to be true. I go downstairs where we’ve stored Mary’s things. I rummage through one of the boxes and find a brush Mary used at the bottom.
Sherlock on the other hand, doesn’t know how much sex he’s had. If any. He knows he never had sex as a teen. Although he doesn’t want to believe he’s still a virgin, he doesn’t recall having sex. Ever. He supposes it’s possible he’s gone on all these years without but not probable. It’s something he could ask Mycroft— don’t brothers exchange sexual exploits? But he can’t imagine Mycroft ever having sex. Mycroft certainly acts as if he has no interest in it.
“Glad you approve.”
Sophy finally succumbs to the sedative. She rides to Cardiff Memorial under Greg and Mycroft’s watchful eyes while Sherlock rides with John.
"Doesn't everybody?" Sherlock asked.
behavior,” Mycroft demands. “I’m not sure I approve of the company you’re keeping.”
Sherlock waits about ten minutes as John continues reading his blog and grumbling.
He’d also looked for signs of Mycroft’s men. It seemed they were spying on him from a distance. He’d found no tracks in the snow anywhere near the cabin.
“John, one simply back dates in WordPress, revises the date stamp and makes it look as though it had been set to private previously like the rest.”
you," Sherlock says quietly.
But Sherlock forced himself remained cautious. Better to gradually increase the bids and build the pot slowly, than to push all your chips into the pile at once and lose it all. Sherlock would be love to be the pot to be won. He needed John to be willing to gamble a bit.
One day I will bring back what was lost. I must acquire the knowledge and skill, but I will never succeed if I give up and remain here in this hell.
"He's not here. Not. In his room. He's in imaging. Right now." John nods. "I'm his physician, I saw him this morning. Scheduled him for another test."
“I love you,” he says. “I have for so long.”
"I do believe, that he will be in one someday. However, until that time, we must watch our back. That Mycroft has men watching."
Sherlock shook his head. "No ghosts here."
Shame would just have to look the other way and Paranoia would have to find something else to worry about.
“Perfect combination of sweet and salty. It's an entirely new flavor. What shall we call it? Captain Watson’s Double Chocolate-Caramel Tower of Wonder? Ah, yes!
I remember Mary’s words that she liked me, and that she was sorry that she shot me.
“Same shirt, sawdust on shoes,” Molly points out. “This note is different too."
John frowned. Shame had a point.
And as for sex, until now it only had been a physical need or a means to an end.
The installation process does require a specialist in bio-mechanical engineering--that is Doctor Watson, but the partial-blood seal must be done by an alchemist. But he is one! Sherlock sees in his posture, his gait.
His name was John Watson.
John follows an excited Sherlock and Molly to the morgue. The victim may not be wearing the same shirt as the others, but he fits the rest of the profile: same age, social status and physical characteristics even down to location where the body was found. Sherlock is less interested in the autopsy than in seeing the victim’s personal belongings. Shirt, socks, and undershirt in particular.
By senior year he'd gotten up the nerve to pull in later at night. He'd sit in his car. Sometimes he'd get out. He'd stand under the bright vapor lights and pretend to look at the map. He'd watch men get out of their vehicles and wander off behind the darkened building.
“Okay?” Sherlock checks again.
Some more notes on the allusions to other works and places in this chapter.
Marilyn covered her mouth with her hand.
Will shouts, “Behind you!” John twists just in time to dodge the man barreling up behind him. The big man falls turns to see the barrel of John's pistol pointed at him, and backs away a few steps.
Were the serial killer’s victims possible people to be silenced? Past employees who knew too much? Or maybe people who wanted more of “the action” that Sophy didn’t want to share?
“I was so hoping that you would come around to our side.” She sighs and looks at her hands, then back into Sherlock’s face. “I thought Sophy would convince you. It would have been nice if she had. Sadly, you seem to have some sort of moral code that I really hadn’t expected. I thought it was always all about the game for you. That’s what I was told. I did need to continue my brother’s legacy, and you were simply in the way.”
He’s been researching and thinking for hours. Checking, rechecking his data. When John finally begins to stir, Sherlock stands up and starts the coffee.
No, never to his face. He kept it all inside.
John divides the eggs on the three plates and sets the toast on the table. He pulls up his chair between them.
“It’s from
“Yes. I hate talking about them. Always have. I spent years in counseling not talking about them. But now. Sherlock we have to. I know you hate it just as much.”
“I don’t know who you’re talking about. I don’t remember any game or any one named Moriarty. I do know this folder contains nothing of interest to me. It does nothing to cure my boredom or return my memory. In fact, I’m more bored after reading
---------------------
“My pleasure,” Sherlock said.
“Have I told you about Blackbeard?” Sherlock asks.
Cryptic messages? Plans? Of course no one tells John a bloody word about the details. It seems to John that Sherlock tells John as little as possible regarding possible outcomes and solutions. At least he knows Sherlock tells John more than he tells anyone else.
Mary and Eurus. I have not completely worked out the link. I am unsure how John will react to what I know. I must be certain before I speak.
He’s glad he told John last night about the treasure. About his memories.
“This is the place.”
"John, wait!" Molly called after him. "Mind if I walk along?"
“Same ruse, different object. She hands them a hanky. They blow their nose, wipe their face, or back of the neck. She has them.” Will snaps his fingers. “She takes them to the same place. Note the shoes. They all have same sawdust mingled on the soles. There's going to be sawdust at  the crime scene.”
---------------------
“You are
"So what did you read for fun?" John shut his biology text and set it behind him.
"For what it's worth,” John says. “He can't tell me how he figured out the murder, and he claims he has no idea who he is." John realizes Lestrade was watching his response and schools his face to friendly-professional blankness. "Is that what he told you?"
"Moran has no criminal record, not even a minor traffic violation. Until only recently, he was a British Army officer with a blemish-free military record, attaining the rank of colonel. His superiors thought he would become career, but he left after his current tour. He was in many delicate operations, most notably, in Northern Ireland. The files
John wonders if he should feel grateful to this thief. He hasn’t needed his cane much since. It’s like the man is some bloody faith healer.
"He is a keen marksman and most expeditious in carrying out assignments," Mycroft continued. "His unique talents sent him on numerous covert missions. He is a man who knows how to keep his head low and his mouth closed, and follow orders."
As for letting me in on your ‘grand plans,’ you need to tell me. If not, I’ll assume you don’t trust me. Did you READ that Sherlock?!
Almost too easy to re-enter. The house, the computer.
"It's for getting yourself mixed up with a psychopath."
“But what I said, what I did to you.”
Greg steps back and straightens his coat. “Sherlock answered most of my questions regarding what happened to you. Something about that Anthea woman— the one who nosed around a bit too much— and taking you to see Sherlock’s mum. But I do have one question for you. Why do you have a cat?”
“I need to watch you closely. I need to make sure that when I finally do call for assistance, there will be no chance to revive you. You see, I do care what happens to you.”
He needed James gone before John returned. He should be here shortly unless Mary asked him in …
John supposes that later, Sherlock will rely on John to clean up the mess with Greg and get him on board without telling Greg too much. Not that John can give away what he doesn’t know.
“F-fine. Fine.” Mycroft hesitates, affecting a brittle, raspy tone.
and singing when Sherlock came in the door.
“So tell me Sherlock, how did she get the note, and what does all of this have to do with Mary?”
Will blinks once. He decides to follow his captain’s orders. Or doctor’s. “How about now?”
"They send analysts on missions?"
Sherlock tossed the socks on the chair before reaching under the bed for the guitar case to put away the capo and pick. He found the handle and pulled, but with John on the bed, it was wedged in too tightly to remove without either waking him or scratching the case.
My throat is dry, I'm so thirsty. I don’t feel fortunate.
But it wasn’t only sex. Sharing sandwiches, talking until dawn, playing music, and that kiss. John’s chest physically ached thinking about it.
"Best in London? No, I am the best," I say caustically. "And I am an alchemystic. Never forget that."
“I...don’t know what to say.”
“Or out of your way,” John repeated. “He got out of your way. He came all the way across the ocean to get out of your way.”
“You left it on the table.”
“But if she killed him here,” John says, “how did she get the body out without anyone seeing? Unless...she’s not working alone.”
No way he'd be making fancy spring break trips like Vic to the Bahamas or Florida or even Europe. He'd have to stay home with Mom, Dad, and Harry, and hit the books. Studying medicine wasn't going to be easy or cheap.
He had a lot to do. He looked at the time. She should be at the Truck Stop about now. He picked up the phone and dialed.
“I’m not sorry. Not at all. But I almost lost you because of that stunt. No more stunts. I know it all. You tell me. Immediately. As for how much I care about you, I’m glad you said it then. I wanted to know that it’s true, because it’s true for me as well. But you already know that.”
“John, are you certain you are alright?”
Poor John has a day. First he comes face-to-face with Moriarty, and then Mycroft phones. At least he gets some quality time with Sherlock.
—————————————-
Every Wednesday after his shift, his dad dropped in at John's Tavern for a beer with his pals.
“Let’s give our Mr. Hawkins a bit more time to rest before we unleash her on him.”
He scrambles through, his ankle screaming at him, then hobbles his way silently through the downstairs avoiding the man with the lonely border collie, until he finds what he’s looking for— an office. A desk. More files. He looks through them. All belong to the previous owner. He goes to the old Dell desktop that’s hardlined. He fires it up and takes a seat, the screen illuminating his face. No need to guess the password. He logs on in safe mode, and creates a new admin password for himself, and he’s in.
They stumble across the deck, kissing. Once inside, they shed their clothes as they bump their naked way through the cabin to the berth.
“We weren’t able to get all of the shooters even with your man Winston’s help,” Lestrade says to Sherlock. “Thank you, Mycroft. We couldn’t have organized all this without you.”
John clears his throat. "Aren't you forgetting something?" John asks, struggling to sit up. The woman glares back at him. "The letter?"
They’ve stepped up the pace— John half sprinting to keep up with Sherlock’s long legs. Sherlock seems to be scanning the horizon. “How good are you with that service revolver?”
"I have no choice," Mary says, voice echoing off the corridor walls. Her voice sounds hollow and distant, but it's his Mary. She's wearing a dress she bought on an outing with John. He recalls how she twirled around and around in it at Harrod's, and how the golden swallows on the dark blue print seemed to actually glide and dive as she spun. He recalls how he'd laughed and said, "Buy it."
Mycroft had hesitated to tell Sherlock how hard John had taken his suicide, but Sherlock had pressed Mycroft to do it. He had thought about calling John a number of times if only to hear his voice, but that would put John in grave danger. He knew Mycroft had this phone bugged, and it was for good reason. If Moriarty or his men called, it was best that Mycroft knew immediately. As for John’s home, he knew his brother had done the same, and most likely Moriarty would find a way to try and trace any call placed to John’s home. Mailing a note to John was equally chancy. One could always intercept letters. He’d thought of disguising himself and contacting Mrs. Hudson to get a note to John when he’d realized Mycroft had left Sherlock a snowmobile. But the arse made certain there was very little petrol for it— only enough to leave this place in an emergency. Blast Mycroft! Didn’t he understand the necessity of telling John the truth?
The wallpaper’s texture is slippery and smooth yet soft where the flocking is. “Yes! Perfect.”
John was wondering when Sherlock would bring that up. “Why is the lady in the locket important?”
"Shhh." John lays his finger on Sherlock's lips. "I won't bring him up again if you'll kiss me some more."
John steadied himself, swallowing back the panic that threatened to overtake him. The two came to an abrupt stop on the floor near John’s feet. John kept his gun trained between Moran’s eyes.
"Easy. Close your eyes when you inhale! It's best to smoke in a well-ventilated environment. I keep a small mist bottle of sodium citrate diluted in water and spray it on myself from time to time. It was a trick Mycroft and I used to mask cigarette smoke from our mum. Here …”
“She was getting too attached and people would know you were alive because she couldn’t hide it,” John added.
Insects and birds thrive here—it's a refuge for wildlife. John uses the guides left for him. He doesn't have much to do but identify species. Most birds are some form of booby, which John finds hysterical.
“The same thing you want, I hope. I want you to find Mycroft. Dead or alive. We need to know where he is.”
"Not any longer than necessary." She slaps a sealed envelope into Sherlock's hand. "No other way to convey your brother's message in these primitive surroundings where one becomes one giant insect bite, ," she shivers.
“I put it a word with Dr. Michaels for you if you do me a favor: I really need Sherlock to continue on in the morgue with Molly. He’s been tremendous asset! The publicity alone has driven up donations.”
“Well?” John asked, eyes narrowed, jaw clenched.
“Put that out of your mind. I have.”
He was living with a man who had a serial killer infatuated with him. That should bother him, but he found it really didn't. What
“Your family name cleared?” John continues to scan the posts, clicking backward. “That would be nice for your Mum, but that’s not why you’re doing this, is it, Mycroft?”
"No, I assume most anyone who speaks English would know who le Carré is. Best-selling author. Wrote
He felt nauseous and tired and wondered why Mary’s dorm room smelled like men’s dirty socks, and why the fuck was she talking about Sherlock like he was some long-lost friend?
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “I hardly think you would surround yourself with idiots. The fact that she and Lincoln survived the havoc after the epidemic should have been a clue that they have superior minds.”
Her place was the typical dorm room with posters on the wall, psychedelic patterned bedspreads, and throw pillows everywhere.
His family had been on holiday. His mum loved St. Anges in the Isles of Scilly, and they often went there on short vacations. He hated leaving Redbeard behind. Sherlock begged and begged to take his best friend with him that summer. It was Mycroft who finally convinced their parents that Sherlock was responsible enough to watch over Redbeard.
“Enough about cake. Does Anthea know you’re alive?” John asks, arms crossed.
“When I woke, I remembered Mycroft said those same words to me years before when he became a government official. For some reason one of his men brought up conspiracy theories and the long held belief Elvis wasn’t dead. Mycroft stated that in cases such as this, it’s human nature to confide in someone in one’s family that they are alive. If Elvis was alive, Mycroft reasoned, Elvis would have told a family member, and that family member would have told someone. ‘Loose lips, sink ships,’ as it were.”
He thought.
“I promise, none.” Sherlock laughs and to John he sounds almost giddy.
“Surprise!” Sherlock says. “I like spontaneous dates.” Sherlock puts down his arms inch by inch.
“Walk out. Don’t say anything except what’s on this script she wrote, or we’ll shoot you,” Seb said. “We’ll be watching from behind the bleachers, making sure that Sherlock fulfills his end. Now, zip up your jacket.”
They do.
At first, neither of them knew what to do next except grope each other. The man was clearly unsure, so Sherlock let him take charge. Sherlock grunted as the man pushed him down on all fours, scrambling and clawing at his own jeans to yank them down around his ankles.
Will frowns. "You don't have one. That would be career-ending for a surgeon."
“I said generally, John.”
dy pubic hair, down where the sticky chocolate stream has dripped between his thighs, leaving pink clean skin in his wake. He pays special attention to opening John's arse with his tongue.
He tastes like tea and salt water. He feels an ache between his legs, a need.
The old place was lived-in, albeit not well kept up. I couldn't think they had much of a housekeeping staff or even someone to take things like her old suit to the cleaners.
"Yes, vices," Sherlock whispered back. John noticed Sherlock's eyes watching John's mouth as well.
. Or bragged. He boasted of murders he'd witnessed (or more likely committed) and crimes he'd encountered (more of the same) and his devotion to both. The denouement of the story was that James wanted a playmate—someone to frolic with in the grand Gothic tradition of murder and mayhem. In the end, it wasn't Sherlock's body or mind he wanted. It was his soul.
But the mysterious man remains unconscious. After ten hours, Mike comes to find him.
"I love you too," someone had taken up residence in the back of Sherlock's throat and was speaking for him.  Thank God for hydrocodone, because Sherlock was quite aware that without it, this might not have happened.  He certainly wasn't adept at sharing his feelings, but he saw now that when all the variables met certain criteria, it could have its benefits.
Up, up, up to the top, where his magnificent smooth jelly-foot kicked open the door to the roof, where he currently stood. Again. But instead of looking down, he looked up this time.
Of course, washing his lover's face, it's impossible to avoid eye contact.  Sherlock's eyes roll up from John's lips, over the premature lines on the handsome face that he's taken great care to memorize, to smart, grey-blue eyes where his gaze is immediately sucked in, like a sinkhole opening up and pulling his soul from his body; the force of it takes his breath away.  They stare at each other for a long moment, Sherlock's expression frightfully unguarded.
John had nearly died in his arms today.  Amazing, John thinks, how something so harrowingly romantic almost happened to someone as ordinary as he.  It was painful, and frightening, but he really is going to be fine now.  Surely Sherlock ought to know that.  Right?
Turning out the light again (
"Want me to teach you?" He put his violin away and got out his iPod.
He could feel his resolve slipping.
were wondering..."
~~~~~
John smiled broadly at him and Sherlock's heart did a little somersault.
"Your previous commander, Sholto." Sodding man had been swimming around Sherlock's head for days now, ever since he had read his name on an invitation. John had obviously thought enough about him that he had decided to keep him a secret. This drove Sherlock positively mad. He had to get more data. He had to know how it ended.
And what were those lips up to now? John and Mary, off this very night on their Sex Holiday. John would strip off his suit and his pants, his naked body climbing on top of his new wife to mount her, his strong legs and arms pushing her down on the bed, his scent all around her. They knew now that Mary was pregnant, which meant that John probably wouldn't bother using a condom.
He was being shipped away and for all intents and purposes, executed for being selfless. It wasn't fair.
So, "That's very sweet of you, Sherlock, but I think it can wait for tonight," John says.  Of course he needs to be cleaned up a bit but he can barely find the strength to speak to his companion, let alone stand in a hot shower.  And that isn't even taking into consideration the twisted ankle.
It was nearing midnight by then.  John poured another whiskey and went to sit at Sherlock's feet on the sofa, but Sherlock gingerly sat up to give him room on the opposite end.  Once John had situated himself, Sherlock laid back down with his head in John's lap.
"I'm not
"So that's him," he mused to Mary. "Major Sholto." The name still felt strange and offensive on his lips.
"I didn't even know they had artificial trees in Finland," John had said, trying desperately to ignore how amused Sherlock was by the whole thing.  Finally he got it upright, though a bit lopsided.  Then they had both dug into the ornaments, which were ancient as well.  John set them on the sofa so Sherlock could keep busy unpacking them.  He held them out for John to retrieve one-by-one, dictating exactly where they should go and getting quite bossy about it if John had anything to say.
“It wasn’t your fault. None of it. And she … Mary never came close.” He squeezes my hand. “You were gone, and I’d loved you for so long. Then my prayers were answered. But I understand if you don’t ... feel the same ... I’m not the same.”
I creep inside the cavern.
I looked down at Sherlock. His eyes were squeezed tight and he was shaking. I wasn't sure if it was from laying on the cold floor or because he was upset.
Jane_Fairfax on AO3, Bella on AO3, Diana_Long on AO3, 1butterfly_grl1 on AO3, Humblegleeflower on AO3, Fallen0203 on AO3, ShakespearelovedLadyMacBeth on AO3, Eieye on AO3, Sebamher on AO3, One-lost-at-sea on Tumblr, AuroraBoreali on Tumblr, 221bsweetheart on Tumblr, Daisyfairy1 on Tumblr, Standbygo on AO3.
“Should I?” Sherlock theatrically whispered back into John’s ear. Then he winked.
I can tell him this. “No,” I say. “They are both very dead. I can assure you of that.” It’s hard to forget either of those deaths: one I am indirectly responsible for, and the other directly.
“Just people,” William says. “Some are the people who lived here— the people on the walls downstairs. Others I’m not sure if they’re people from my past or ones I’ve just imagined.”
Listening to the brewing pot, he thinks it’s a good plan, as far as plans go.
Greetings dear readers. Thank you for those who left kind and encouraging comments on the first two chapters.
Sherlock was suddenly sorry he had never revealed the extent of Moriarty's obsession with him although he couldn't believe that Mycroft didn't know.
“Yes, you do,” John said. His eyes were wet. “Why do you have the remote?” John asked.
“You were right about her. She’s far exceeding them.”
“Yes, I know that, and I shall explain in due time why I had to fake my death and go into hiding. Until I can sit down with you, I must take you into my confidence and ask a favor of you.”
"How old is this place? Middle Ages?"
John can barely lift his head after. Sherlock is still inside him, and John can see each eyelash, each freckle, each scar on that face he loves more than his own life. He sees the flecks of green and blue and gold dance in his eyes.
Thus, I am here. So I will begin at this moment. I know not the end.
John gives an almost imperceptible nod to Will that men are creeping around toward the back of the car. “I’m usually a patient man, but you’re being rude. Move that car. No one needs to get hurt.”
Not a letter. A note. I unfold it.
Over the next few days, they don't speak of any of it.
During those dream days, his dad had worked at Gray Iron Castings, a foundry in Jackson. It had been demanding, cruel work. But John and his sister gave his dad a hero's welcome each and every night. They'd throw their arms around their dad's legs and he would waltz around the living room with the two children dangling off of him. John loved how his dad's belly would shake as he laughed.
“Finally,” John says as he butters his toast.
John closes his eyes. He’s avoided this question in his own mind time and again since he met this man. How can you love someone who doesn’t even know who he is? Oh, but John does know who he is, doesn’t he?! He’s the same as the man who stayed in this room— who carved a secret compartment into a book of
“A man with no guilt,” Sherlock continues. “Who can solve any puzzle. I’ll work in your labs, or I’ll embrace becoming an assassin. No need to dirty your pretty hands with strangulations— unless of course you enjoy it too much to give it up. I’ll gladly choke the life out of people. Sounds exciting. I could even start with Mycroft.”
I do have an end note on False Memories. I plan to add more on this subject to chapter endings as the story continues.
Looking back, Sherlock should have known then that Moriarty loved the kill considerably more than the case. He reveled in the cruelty of it all, and the more cruel the kill, the more he was titillated by it. Sherlock may not have always liked humans or thought them worthy of his time, but he never particularly enjoyed another's pain (unless it was Anderson's, but he so often annoyingly deserved it).
Sherlock leans over and opens the infamous Drawer of Sex Toys.
Greg hears the innuendo in Sherlock’s voice and his mouth falls open as he looks from Sherlock to John, and John feels like he’s been caught making out with the his best mate’s sister. His face heats up despite the fact they’ve only snogged.
Today, within a few hours' time, two opportunities had knocked.
“Mary didn’t jump in front of me to save me. The shot was meant for her. She meant to fake her death.”
“You could have texted,” Sherlock says.
"What's your opinion as a Doctor of Medicine, Watson?" They walk to the break room.
Had John been with them enough to influence him? From what Sherlock had learned, some subjects can have their perceptions altered in the blink of an eye, others not at all. Sherlock was certain that it had not worked as planned on John. He had a stubborn streak—the tenacity and will of a bulldog. John would never let go of what he believed if he knew in his heart he was right.
Americans were so different to Brits. Some were arses, most of them were stupid, and some were like Martha.
I hate that. I don’t bother asking why they abducted me. Revenge. How common. I really need to get away from them, but his accomplice grabs a handful of my hair and yanks me onto my feet while Norbury keeps his gun trained on me. With my ankles tied, I can’t walk. This forces them to muscle me along on both sides, dragging me along by my arms.
“And I was worried you’d be coming down here to tell us that even the dead couldn’t work with the man,” Sister Katherine says.
"I don't mind." John gasped.
I feel it all: the saw gnawing through my flesh, the pain of tendons and muscles snapping back, the angry crush through my bones.
I tell John my story—or at least part of it. I do think it proper to share how I finally came to be bonded. He told me about Mary, his wife whom he lost. It was painful for him to share how she was killed in the riots, shot by a sniper.
“What did he ask you to do, Sherlock?” John asked.
He jogged a few cards out from hand to hand, snapping them to get John's attention.
The wedding you helped Mary plan is most probably only days from now. I got another one of your bloody cryptic messages (not even a respectable letter like I've written you) about how you can't tell me the reason. Blah, blah, blah. Why must you wait to tell me in person? Why can't you tell me until I get there? Where the bloody hell is the "there" and when in God's name should I expect to be free of this pustulant barely-floating death trap?
“I guess the best way to describe them would be angels.”
John sipped his beer as he watched his friends dive off the old pontoon raft into the clear blue water of Lime Lake. He pressed the cold can to his forehead and closed his eyes. While he welcomed the warmth of the sun baking his face, it was fucking hot and he was going to be seriously sore from this sunburn tomorrow. He didn't care. At least not today—one of his last lazy days of freedom. The last time they were all together was the Fourth of July celebration: late-night fireworks, sparklers, firecrackers, mosquito bites, and a few too many beers. They'd planned today as their one final blast together before each of them went his separate way to college.
———————-
The same went with his grandfather's dog tags, the unintentional souvenir from that fateful night—John lost them. He didn't realize it until he was home, getting into bed. He went there the next day. He walked where they'd been. Stepped on the same leaves. He looked and looked but couldn't find them.
His sandy hair looks common, yet upon inspection William notes the pigmentation of hair follicles more eumelanin making it lighter, yet contains pheomelanin with darker hairs mixed with achromotrichia or grey hairs. Like grains of sand, the colors vary from dark to light. He is unable to ascertain the number of different hair colors John possesses. He decides he must inspect them closer when given the chance.
And there were his friends. They weren't assholes about it like his dad, but they snickered and made faces whenever John tried to casually bring up the subject. Instead of arguing with them, he'd play along, pretending he was just as shocked by those gay people as his friends.
“I’d rather go home,” Sherlock says. “Now.”
"That
“I’ll need access to your records.”
John suspects he may be having a heart attack.
Thank MrBotanyB for the wallpaper scene! So Sherlock to map it all out. Hope you all like our joint Lord of the Rings jokes at the end. We couldn't help ourselves, I'm afraid!
“John...I am sorry when I said it, not that I said it.”
“Ahh, the mysterious treasure chest? Only Sherlock knows where it is...and maybe Mycroft. I’m not sure that it even exists except in his mind palace.”
William almost laughs. “I thought the eyeliner was a nice touch.”
“That’s all?”
“Why not just give in and come and play with me?” James asked. He cracked his gum, then bumped Sherlock’s shoulder to his.
Finalist were:  Badkatpat's Murder; Rosiepaw's Obsidian - "Sid" for short;  Humblegleeflower's Sigurson (Siggy for short), and Jobooksadcoffee's Mr. Hawkins
“My goal is to make him angry. Leaving him out of our adventure will be a good start. That and the note I wrote and gave to Molly to hand him.”
Once there, he immediately set up the equipment, then retrieved the samples to prepare the slides. He needed to check the rate of decomposition’s progress using battery acid as a solvent on various samples (one specimen was human flesh from the back of a cadaver’s hand, but Sherlock would never share that tidbit of information with anyone in the lab).
“I spoke to Mycroft. She never came in physical contact with my sister, but Vivian knew who she was, and her son works for the British Embassy.”
"And there was also Magnussen to contend with." Sherlock picks the thread of his explanation back up, still watching the whale. "After all, Mary couldn't really agree with our plans as long as he held her past in his hands. I removed some files from Mycroft's office. He put on a show that he wasn't happy with me taking them, but he'd left them out for me. He expected it. Mycroft planned for Irene and me to break into Appledore, Magnussen's estate, where he kept his secrets locked away."
Paranoia spoke to him again.
“No, I am not.” I step closer to John. “Not just Vivian, but … her son.”
“Maybe,” John yawns and pulls the quilt over his head. “Go back to sleep and maybe the answer will come to you.”
“I know you don’t have one. For either. So shut it.”
“Yes, she admitted it. But how did you …”
“Did you find it?” Mycroft asks.
Sherlock's posh sheets are nice, but I love how he smiles up at me when we hold hands. Sherlock Holmes. I want to hold his hand and kiss those lips every day of my life.
“I had no map!” she screams into Sherlock’s face. “But I got it! I did! And I used it! You do remember?!”
John remembered his mom setting new tan shorts and a blue checkered short-sleeved shirt on his bed. He remembered the butterflies in his belly as he held his dad's hand. And as he walked between the large foundry doors, he made sure he matched his dad step for step. Inside, the sweltering heat of July was nothing compared to the furnace blast of pure hell of the foundry. But that didn't matter. John felt like he was in heaven standing next to his father as he got pats on the back and boy-howdies from all his co-workers.
John suddenly looks so lost to Sherlock that he pushes past his dizzy state, raises up off the bed and kisses John. It’s a chaste kiss, lips together, but passionate nonetheless. He wants John to know, to see, that he’s not alone. And he wants to feel the same. It’s the correct choice. John relaxes against him.
Captain Obvious lifts her foot. "Huh." She pulls the letter out of her breast pocket and begins to hand it to John.
Sherlock has no interest in other entanglements John has had on this bed. “It’s been sometime though I see. The magazine has been put to good use.”
Sherlock enjoyed the grimace on Anderson's face as he looked around in astonishment before stepping back from the body.
“I hardly call lowering a fishline through a hole in the ice, learning to fish! They simply take the bait because it’s moving. They’re more bored than I am.”
“Why not?” Sherlock said, raising an eyebrow
For a moment he thought she was going to come out and ask if Sherlock was gay. It wasn't his place to tell her that Sherlock wasn't into girls. And the available part? Best to be noncommittal.
All in all, he didn’t have much to move. He’s full of surprises, though. He’s an artist. Picks locks. Charms Mrs. Hudson. She made us dinner and flirted with him!
“But they have!” she says to Mycroft. “You killed her!”
It’s glorious inside with unusual butterflies dancing above and around and the hum of bees in the air. All around color from orchids and other flowers. John knows little about botany, but it’s a breathtaking sight.
It all made sense. She could remember things that happened long ago—all the stories she was told about her home, the paintings, she could easily recall, but not the recent past.
“...sent the code...the code to Mycroft, who had the real key— or maybe not. You knew, you said it. Maybe...maybe you couldn’t stop it. Maybe it didn’t matter. It happened so fast. The world went mad.”
the genius speaks Welsh. John has picked up a few phrases but still has to turn to Mike or another local on the occasions they get a patient who's more comfortable in Welsh than English. "We'll find you a map if you think it'll help."
Vic was going to a small, private college with tuition so high only parents like Vic's could afford it. John's certainly couldn't. If it weren't for the healthy athletic and academic scholarships he'd received, he wouldn't be going to the U of M. Fuck knows that even with those he'll have to save and work one, maybe two, part-time jobs to make ends meet.
"Who is this Mycroft dude who keeps calling and leaving messages?"
. John bit his lip and answered the phone.
… find Sherlock lounging on John’s bed with his eyes closed?
“Why?” she cries. I always miss John when he’s not at a crime scene, but I miss his soothing voice and patient hand right now.
When he gets to Sherlock’s room, John stops in the door. White sheets compliment his dark, unruly curls, framing his closed eyes and making Sherlock look otherworldly. His arm curls around his head, contrasting his handsome, angular features. His lips slightly part, and John wonders how one man could be this ungodly attractive.
“You said you haven’t been online much.” John pours himself some coffee and takes a sip. William may make a mess, but he knows how to make a good cuppa.
"No problem," John mumbled into Sherlock's hair.
“Redbeard,” he says, “I…”
“No.”
“That’s fucked. My wife was a genius, and I’m certainly not! She died. I didn’t. My daughter never even got a chance to be extraordinary!”
“What?” John blinks and sputters.
“You took her away from me!” she screams in Mycroft’s face. “I wasn’t good enough for her, and you sent her away! And you had the key!”
John's breath catches, but he presses forward. This is why he's begun writing more in his blog recently. He needs a place to put these memories where they don't tear him to bits.
“As expected, she’s not to be found. You still haven’t heard from that Anthea woman?” Greg asks.
“I cannot defend myself, I can only say I am deeply sorry. Mary is not here to defend herself. But in the end, you heard her words.”
———————-
A small smile plays on John’s lips. “You were about to begin your deduction. I’d like to hear it, and I bet Batman would, too.”
“This is incredible. What else to you remember?”
I smile sadly at John’s pointed jab at Mycroft. I have been to see her on many occasions, before she withdrew from the world, and after. I agree with my brother on both counts.
That, and he still couldn’t believe that Sherlock was dead. There hadn’t been a funeral here. Nothing. Of course they’d take his body home to London. He’d read the papers again and again, still not believing a word. There had been no sign of Professor Moriarty or Sebastian Moran or Mary Morstan. Except for the painful scar in his shoulder and the empty space in his heart, it was as if it never happened.
“My God, Sherlock, you’re right.” John pauses the video. “Look, behind you on the screen. That sign! Sherlock, how did you know all this? You remember!”
John wondered what that was. A bullet in the head? Or locked away without a key? Sherlock must read his thoughts and shakes his head. He removes his hat, wipes the sweat off his brow with his arm, and set it back on.
Moran favored his leg, but he and the men obeyed with only a moment’s hesitation. John didn’t blame them for not wanting to go back out into the blizzard.
But Sherlock is certain that John is not as excited about the plan as he was about last night’s hand job. And Sherlock then realizes, neither is he. As for expiring, that will be over Sherlock’s dead body.
“But he will. I like you,” Mary said. “Too bad it has to end this way. You at least need to know the truth. He was never your friend.”
“You should expect a car.” Pause. “You have not told John.”
“How was the show?” James asked, spinning around. “I haven’t seen it, but I do love Warren Beatty. He’s a handsome devil.”
For a moment John can’t say a word. Every atom in his body knows what it wants and how much he wants it, but it’s trapped inside. John arches up, greedy and needy.
“It positively the worst swill I’ve ever had,” he tells John. Sherlock is still obsessing over his disappointment that the baby wasn’t named after him.
The Sherlock John knows would never volunteer to give a statement to Greg Lestrade. It’s his way of brushing John off.
The rest of the way to 221b, John continues his observations on nothing and everything. By the time they’ve reached the threshold, Sherlock’s stomach flutters, his pulse quickens, his heart thrums. Each stair takes him one step closer to the possibilities he imagines. John climbs in front of him. So close.
“Hello, Dr. Watson,” says William as he snaps the light on above his bed.
Everyone seems to have forgotten he's in here except for his jailer with the daisy tattoo. She brings meals and ignores all his questions. He keeps demanding to speak with someone in charge. She finally brings in one of the French crewmen who only speaks a bit of English.
“Would you like a cup of coffee?”
“We’ll need to climb over it, or go out a window.”
“Ah, hello,” John said.
. There was more than one of these highly-controversial sociological reports on human sexuality by Alfred Kinsey. The two books were best sellers and were first published in 1945 (male sexuality) and 1953 (female). Subsequent studies and papers have been done crunching his statistics along with new data. The significance of the reports was that it dealt openly with taboo subjects such as masturbation and homosexuality. We can argue all day long about the validity of Kinsey’s data, but sociologically his books had more impact on American society because they opened a true dialogue about sex and sexuality for the first time. It literally heralded in the Age of Aquarius.
! Your hospital director. Doctor Birtha What’s Her Name.”
"Marilyn," I said. "Do
“Don’t you mean how shall we help?” John interrupts. “I’m not letting you do this without your doctor.”
“You look more rested than the last time I saw you,” Sherlock quips but keeps his voice hushed.
The room was smaller than John and Sherlock’s, but they’d managed to stuff in two twin beds, a plywood desk, two small dressers, and a bookcase made out of stacked bricks and boards. A large collection of books and albums spilled out of the bookcase, and a portable record player precariously sat on the top of it.
